{{Event
|name              = "Adventurer's Trials" Has Begun, Take Part in the Topic Event to Win Primogems
|image             = Adventurer's Trials Has Begun, Take Part in the Topic Event to Win Primogems.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-11-04 12:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-11-18 23:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/13418352
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br />As adventurers of Teyvat, you have often had to face various challenges and trials!<br />Did you have an exciting experience in the "[[Adventurer's Trials]]" event? If you could design the challenge trials, what ideas would you come up with? Come share it all with us!<br />Share your ideas for a chance to win Primogems!}}
'''"Adventurer's Trials" Has Begun, Take Part in the Topic Event to Win Primogems''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.2]].

==Event Duration==
November 4, 2022 – November 18, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)<br />
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on November 28.

==How to Participate==
# Publish a post under the topic #Adventurer's Trials to share your challenge trial tips as well as event highlights (images, text, videos, etc. are all accepted). Feel free to tell us your best score!
# Publish a post under the topic #Adventurer's Trials to share your design of the trial levels, including challenge rules, trial characters, etc.

Participation is considered successful as long as you fulfill one of the two conditions above.

==Event Rewards==
I will randomly select 30 people among the Travelers who have participated successfully to gift them each Primogems ×300.

==Notes==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner hides or deletes the post of the winning work, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one prize during the event.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}