{{Event
|name              = "Astute Amusement" Yae Miko Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Primogems~
|image             = Astute Amusement Yae Miko Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Primogems.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-02-16 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-03-07 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/3387485
}}
Dear Travelers~

The long-awaited Yae Miko is finally here!

Have you checked the game details to learn more about this new character?

Yae Miko who is from Inazuma is not only the head shrine maiden of Grand Narukami Shrine and a descendant of Kitsune lineage, but also the editor-in-chief of Yae Publishing House.

Hmm... editor-in-chief of a publisher of light novels? What an interesting role!

Travelers, have you read the light novels of Yae Publishing House? What kind of novels do you like to read?

==Event Duration==
*February 16, 2022 – March 7, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
*Results: March 14

==How to Participate==
During the event, [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/3387485 post] a segment of an original novel or share a novel you like and the reason behind it with the topics [https://www.hoyolab.com/topicDetail/471 #YaeMiko] and [https://www.hoyolab.com/topicDetail/361 #Novels], and you will be considered a successful participant.

P.S.: There is no limit to the number of words in the original novel.

==Event Rewards==
Among all the posts that successfully participated in the [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/3387485 topic discussion], we will select 100 Travelers based on the total number of comments posted on the posts, and each will be awarded 60 Primogems.

==Notes==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their reward. When the winners are announced, a notification will appear in System Messages. Please take note~
# Each user can only obtain one reward. If multiple posts are published, the post with the highest number of comments will be selected by default to participate in the event.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## Users' comments on their own posts and replies to comments are not included in the total number of comments.
## Posting content that violates Community Rules, plagiarizing or misappropriating content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# Plagiarism is prohibited for original novels, and once found, they will be disqualified from receiving the reward. If the post needs to quote the works of other authors, the author's name and the source of the article must be indicated, and large-scale or full-text reposting is prohibited.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}
[[pt-br:Debute de Yae Miko - "Diversão Astuta"]]