{{Event
|name              = "Ballads of Breeze" Video Submission Event
|image             = Ballads of Breeze Video Submission Event.jpg
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-03-03 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-03-20 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/16729591
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/ys-ugc-music/index.html
|link2name         = "Ballads of Breeze" Interaction Platform
}}
'''"Ballads of Breeze" Video Submission Event''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.5]].

The "[[Windblume's Breath/Ballads of Breeze|Ballads of Breeze]]" Video Submission Contest is now open. It's time to amaze us with your outstanding composing skills!

During the "Ballads of Breeze" event, you not only can challenge the music provided in-game yourself, but also can compose your own arrangements before inviting other Travelers to play them. In the spirit of encouraging more to demonstrate their musicality, I have specially prepared this Video Submission Contest. Each Traveler who has successfully submitted their work can receive Mora ×50,000 as a reward. Those who have submitted quality videos will also have a chance to win Primogems and merchandise prizes. Come and check it out!

==Event Duration==
* March 3, 2023 – March 20, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on April 20, 2023.

==How to Participate==
This event has two participation methods and their corresponding rewards. You may choose to participate via Method 1 and/or Method 2. These two methods of participation and reward eligibility are independent of each other.

===Method 1===
During the event, after releasing a piece for the "Ballads of Breeze" event in-game, successfully submit a video of you playing your arrangement to the [https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/ys-ugc-music/index.html "Ballads of Breeze" Interaction Platform]. Each Traveler who has successfully submitted their work can receive Mora ×50,000 as a reward. Please check submission rules and restrictions in [https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/ys-ugc-music/index.html "Event Rules" on the event page].

===Method 2===
During the event, after releasing a piece for the "Ballads of Breeze" event in-game, post a video of you playing your arrangement in HoYoLAB using the topic [https://www.hoyolab.com/topicDetail/243481 #Ballads of Breeze]. The event organizers will make a comprehensive evaluation based on the content, comments, likes, and other factors. Quality submissions will be rewarded with Primogems. Please check the submission example and event rewards below.

==Submission Example==
The title of the post must begin with "Ballads of Breeze Video Submission" and the beginning of your text must contain the sharing code of the piece you played in the video.

==Event Rewards==
* Masterpiece Prize (5 Winners)
* Primogems ×1,500
* Showpiece Prize (10 Winners)
* Primogems ×800
* Lucky Prize (15 Winners)
* GENSHIN CONCERT Series Acrylic Hangables (5 per set)

==Notes==
#Travelers are allowed multiple submissions via Method 2 for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
#The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
##The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
##Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
#After the list of winners is announced, if the winner hides or deletes the winning post or comment, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

[[pt-br:Concurso de Vídeos "Melodia da Paisagem"]]