{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79074
|image         = Event Quest Brave Northerly Wind.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Summertide Scales and Tales
|requirement   = Complete Step 6 of ''[[The Story Begins in a Forest Without Rain]]''
|characters    = Clanche; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Simulanka]]
|region        = Simulanka
|area          = Forest of Blessings
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Summertide Scales and Tales/Boreal Flurry|Boreal Flurry]] subevent.
}}
'''''"Brave Northerly Wind"''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Simulanka]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Clanche]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In the [[Forest of Blessings]] lives a particularly passionate flying squirrel...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Clanche)
:'''Clanche:''' Ah, two more brave warriors step up to the plate! Are you here to play Boreal Flurry?
:'''Clanche:''' Come then, right this way! I'm looking forward to witnessing your unmatched powers of flight!
:{{DIcon}} Whoa, cool it!
:{{DIcon}} I haven't said anything yet!
:'''Clanche:''' One needn't keep cool to fly, dear guest, not at all!
:'''Clanche:''' A cool head will merely dull your sense of the wind &mdash; only one who faces the wild wind utterly unprepared may uncover their true potential.
:'''Clanche:''' Flying squirrels nowadays are far too timid! They've utterly forgotten the lessons taught by the "Brave Northerly Wind"!
:'''Clanche:''' They stand in safe spots and declaiming the courage of leaves that dance in the wind, yet are far too frightened to leap into its embrace themselves.
:'''Clanche:''' How can we protect the kingdom alongside Her Highness if things keep going this way? Ludicrous! Ludicrous, I say!
:'''Paimon:''' Man, this flying squirrel sure is the energetic type...
:{{DIcon}} Looks like he really loves flying.
:'''Clanche:''' And that's why I found myself a passage with especially intense wind currents, and set up all sorts of devices inside it.
:'''Clanche:''' Only the bravest, the boldest, and the most bellicose in flight shall best its course.
:'''Clanche:''' Do you have the required courage, dear guests?
:{{DIcon}} I'll have a right go at it!
::'''Clanche:''' Excellent! Follow me, then! The passage is not far from here!
:{{DIcon}} Well... I've got other things to do...
::'''Clanche:''' Oh? Still need some time to prepare, then? Fret not, I shall wait here.
::'''Clanche:''' Come back whenever you'd like to brave this windy passage.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = "Brave Northerly Wind"
|zhs      = 《勇敢的北风》
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 《勇敢的北風》
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 『勇敢な北風』
|ja_rm    = "Yuukan-na Kitakaze"
|ja_tl    = "Brave Northerly Wind"
|ko       = 《용감한 북풍》
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = «El valiente viento boreal»
|es_tl    = The Valient Boreal Wind
|fr       = « Brave vent du nord »
|fr_tl    = "Brave Northerly Wind"
|ru       = «Храбрый северный ветер»
|ru_tl    = "Brave Northerly Wind"
|th       = "ลมเหนือแสนกล้าหาญ"
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = "Gió Bắc Dũng Cảm"
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = „Mutiger Nordwind“
|de_tl    = "Brave North Wind"
|id       = "Angin Utara Pemberani"
|id_tl    = "Brave Northern Wind"
|pt       = "Vento Corajoso do Norte"
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = "Cesur Kuzey Rüzgarı"
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = "Coraggioso Vento del Nord"
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[pt-br:"Vento Corajoso do Norte"]]
[[ru:«Храбрый северный ветер»]]
[[vi:"Gió Bắc Dũng Cảm"]]