{{Event
|name              = "Burgeoning Grace" Yaoyao Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~
|image             = Burgeoning Grace Yaoyao Is Here Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-01-16 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-01-23 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/15054921
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br />Today, we will be introducing a disciple of Streetward Rambler - [[Yaoyao]]!<br /><br />In the eyes of the people of Liyue Harbor, Madame Ping always brings the smiley Yaoyao along with her, and the two behave like a loving grandparent with her grandchild. In truth, Yaoyao is Madame Ping's — or should we say Streetward Rambler's — disciple. Yaoyao is a warmhearted and considerate child, and the adepti are all very fond of her.<br />Although she is still very young, she will in time become a most knowledgeable girl. Traveler, do you have topics that you want to discuss with Yaoyao?}}
'''"Burgeoning Grace" Yaoyao Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.3]].

==Event Duration==
January 16, 2023 – January 23, 2023 23:59<br />
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on January 30.

==How to Participate==
During the event, comment on the post about topics that you want to discuss with Yaoyao and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Event Rewards==
We will randomly select 10 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to receive a set of Character Badges (each set contains 4 random characters).
When the number of replies in the post exceeds 2,000, that is, when the number of replies reaches 2,001/4,001/6,001/8,001, the number of winners will be increased by 5, and the total number of additional winners will not exceed 30.

==Notes==
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings:https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# Winners, please pay attention to System Messages to fill out your shipping address. Merchandise winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: comments with content that violates our Community Rules, comments that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself) or creating a new post (instead of commenting on this post), comments with no relation to Genshin Impact and the event, comments that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}