{{Event
|name              = "Cat Upon the Eaves" Kirara Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~
|image             = Cat Upon the Eaves Kirara Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-05-21 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-05-26 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/18678259
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>The companion we're about to introduce today is Kirara &mdash; Gold Level Courier of the Komaniya Express.<br>Komaniya Express, the famous delivery company in Inazuma, has a very special employee working under them. At a glance, she resembles an adorably-dressed teenage girl with two tails swaying behind her. Though she treats each of her customers with kindness and generosity, she sometimes secretly takes to running quietly across rooftops to ensure none of her deliveries arrive late...<br>Who else but the dedicated Kirara could be so commonly complimented as being "safe and punctual," "service assured," "vivacious and adorable" on the feedback board! It appears that as long as you have something you love doing, then you'll be filled with enthusiasm for everything around you. ヾ(≧▽≦*)o<br>We trust that our Travelers must also have things they're passionate about too. Come share them with me in the comments! o(￣▽￣)o~}}
'''"Cat Upon the Eaves" Kirara Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.6]].

==Event Duration==
May 21, 2023 — May 26, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on June 6.

==How to Participate==
During the event, comment on the post about your passions and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Event Rewards==
We will randomly select 10 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to receive a Dendro Slime Plushie.

When the number of replies in the post exceeds 2,000, that is, when the number of replies reaches 2,001/4,001/6,001/8,001, the number of winners will be increased by 5, and the total number of additional winners will not exceed 30.

==Notes==
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings: https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# Winners, please pay attention to System Messages to fill out your shipping address. Merchandise winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: comments with content that violates our Community Rules, comments that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself) or creating a new post (instead of commenting on this post), comments with no relation to Genshin Impact and the event, comments that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# In the event of unforeseen circumstances such as discontinuation of the said product, it may be replaced with another product of equivalent value.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[ja:「檐宇遊猫」・綺良々登場！キャンペーンに参加してグッズを獲得しよう]]