{{Event
|name              = "Coordinates of Clear Frost" Mika Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~
|image             = Coordinates of Clear Frost Mika Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-03-17 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-03-21 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/17059300
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>Today, we will be introducing Mika, the Front-Line Land Surveyor of the Knights of Favonius.<br>As a member of the Knights of Favonius Reconnaissance Company, Mika always diligently fulfills all the duties that come his way. Setting up tents, lighting fires for cooking, repairing equipment... Even Hertha, the logistics captain, has nothing but praise for Mika's excellent efficiency.<br>What a reliable Front-Line Land Surveyor Mika is! Becoming a member of Knights of Favonius Reconnaissance Company must open the door to lot of amazing adventures!<br>Traveler, if you have a chance to go on adventures with the Knights of Favonius Reconnaissance Company, which unknown area would you choose to explore? Remember to record the details of landscape data with Mika!}}
'''"Coordinates of Clear Frost" Mika Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.5]].

==Event Duration==
March 17, 2023 – March 21, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on March 27.

==How to Participate==
During the event, comment on the post about unknown areas that you want to explore and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Event Rewards==
We will randomly select 10 Travelers who have successfully participated in the event and send each of them Childhood Treasures Badge ×3.<br>
When the number of replies in the post exceeds 2,000, that is, when the number of replies reaches 2,001/4,001/6,001/8,001, the number of winners will be increased by 5, and the total number of additional winners will not exceed 30.

==Notes==
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings:https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# Winners, please pay attention to System Messages to fill out your shipping address. Merchandise winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: comments with content that violates our Community Rules, comments that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself) or creating a new post (instead of commenting on this post), comments with no relation to Genshin Impact and the event, comments that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.<br>In the event of unforeseen circumstances such as discontinuation of the said product, it may be replaced with another product of equivalent value.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}