{{Event
|name              = "Divine Ingenuity" Video Submission Event
|image             = Divine Ingenuity Video Submission Event.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-03-03 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-03-21 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/103
|link2             = https://webstatic-sea.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20220303ugc_sea/index.html
|link2name         = Showcase Page
}}
'''"Divine Ingenuity" Video Submission Event''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 2.5]].

The "[[Divine Ingenuity]]" event has begun after much awaited excitement! Whether you are the ingenious creator of a Custom Domain or a challenger of another player's Custom Domain, there is a place to showcase all of your skills in the "Divine Ingenuity" event. Come and share your wonderful moments in the event~

Travelers can display their own Custom Domains in the "Divine Ingenuity Showcase Page" or browse the Custom Domains of other players and join the discussion~

[https://webstatic-sea.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20220303ugc_sea/index.html >>Click to View the "Divine Ingenuity Showcase Page"<<]

==Event Duration==
* Submission Period: March 3, 2022 – March 21, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results and Winners List Announcement: The list of winners will be updated in HoYoLAB's "Divine Ingenuity" event post on April 12.

==How to Participate==
Participate in the "Divine Ingenuity" Video Submission Event on HoYoLAB by recording an original video of yourself challenging any Custom Domain.

Enter the HoYoLAB Divine Ingenuity Video Submission event post, and click the "Publish Video" button on the [https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/103 event page] to upload your work.

Traveler participation shall be successful once the two steps above are completed~

==Submission Criteria==
# The title of the post must begin with "Divine Ingenuity" and the beginning of your text must contain the server information of the game account where the video was recorded as well as the Domain ID. It is recommended that you post the video on YouTube with the tag #DivineIngenuity.
# The content must be related to the "Divine Ingenuity" event and the game UID must be visible in the recording. The server of the game account where the video was recorded and the corresponding Domain ID must be marked in the post.
# Five works can be submitted per HoYoLAB account. Each submission can consist of up to one video.
# Works of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: those with content that violates HoYoLAB's Community Rules, those that plagiarize or defraud the work of other creators, those with no relation to Genshin Impact, works that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game or its characters.
# Travelers should participate in the event in accordance with the steps under How to Participate. In any of the following circumstances, participation will be deemed to be invalid:
## Submissions fall outside of the stipulated time period (UTC+8) or are posted outside of the Genshin Impact community (HoYoLAB).
## Entries are not posted on the submission event page.

==Submission Example==
Title: [Divine Ingenuity] + Domain ID<br />
Content:<br />
Game Server: America<br />
Domain ID: 10000000001<br />
...<br />
(Main text)<br />
Tip: Travelers can add their own server in the topics of the post so that other Travelers from the same server can find you quickly!<br />
Server topic name: (America/Asia/Europe/HK/MO/TW)

In addition, here are some interesting topics to help other Travelers know more about your Domain, come take a look~
* High Difficulty
* Low Difficulty
* Elemental Reactions
* Skills Disabled
* Quick Completion
* Mechanisms
* Gliding Challenge
* Time Limit
* Labyrinth Map

==Event Rewards==
* Ingenious (5 Winners)
** Primogems ×1,500 + Spooky Kooky Dress Up-Themed Random Character Pen Holder and Badge Set ×1 + Random Themed Mouse Mat ×1
* Inspiring (10 Winners)
** Primogems ×800 + Random Themed Mouse Mat ×1
* Innovative (20 Winners)
** Random Themed Mouse Mat ×1
* Participation Prize
** HoYoLAB - Genshin Impact Video Submission Event-Exclusive Avatar Frame (30 days)<br />(The avatar frame will be distributed within 3 business days after the end of the event)

==Notes==
# Travelers, please pay attention to HoYoLAB's System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Genshin Impact in HoYoLAB to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[pt-br:Concurso de Coleta de Vídeos de "Engenhosidade Divina"]]