{{Event
|name              = "Empyrean Reflection" Kaveh Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~
|image             = Empyrean Reflection Kaveh Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-04-27 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-05-04 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/18061472
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>Today, we will be introducing Kaveh, a renowned architect from Sumeru.<br>Titles, rumors, fame, and reputation... These are all mere by-products of his work. Equipped with astounding professional design skills, Kaveh puts his heart and soul into his work and is imbued with ideals and pursuits for aesthetics and architectonics. For him, designs that are completely divorced from reality should be classified as fantasy, whereas a building that is actually put into construction must have practical value.<br>As expected of this outstanding Kshahrewar graduate, Kaveh! If you had the opportunity to study at the Akademiya, what specialized knowledge would you want to acquire? Would you choose to become an architect like Kaveh?}}
'''"Empyrean Reflection" Kaveh Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.6]].

==Event Duration==
April 28, 2023 — May 4, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on May 17.

==How to Participate==
During the event, comment on the post about the specialized knowledge that you want to acquire and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Event Rewards==
We will randomly select 10 Travelers who have successfully participated in the event and send each of them Genshin Impact Themed Series Character Tinplate Badge ×3.

When the number of replies in the post exceeds 2,000, that is, when the number of replies reaches 2,001/4,001/6,001/8,001, the number of winners will be increased by 5, and the total number of additional winners will not exceed 30.

==Notes==
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings:https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# Winners, please pay attention to System Messages to fill out your shipping address. Merchandise winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: comments with content that violates our Community Rules, comments that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself) or creating a new post (instead of commenting on this post), comments with no relation to Genshin Impact and the event, comments that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# In the event of unforeseen circumstances such as discontinuation of the said product, it may be replaced with another product of equivalent value.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}