{{Event
|name              = "Exploring Fontaine" Themed Fan Creation Competition
|image             = Exploring Fontaine Themed Fan Creation Competition.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-08-04 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-08-27 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/289
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>Publish fan creations related to Fontaine to get an exclusive profile page background. Outstanding works can have a chance of winning Primogems as well~
}}
'''"Exploring Fontaine" Themed Fan Creation Competition''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.8]].

==Event Duration==
Submission Period: August 4, 2023 – August 27, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Voting Period: August 28, 2023 – September 11, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: September 19, 2023 – September 22, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Event Rewards==
* Creativity Prize (5 Winners)
** Primogems ×1,500
* Popularity Prize (10 Winners)
** After the voting begins, the top 10 players will win Primogems ×800 each.
* Participation Prize (Multiple Winners)
** "Exploring Fontaine" HoYoLAB Profile Page Background

==How to Participate==
During the event, click the "Post Image" button on the HoYoLAB event page to submit your original fan art that meets the requirements.

==Notes==
# Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# Entries submitted for this event must be original fan art created within the past month and have a high degree of completion. Unfinished sketches, works directly edited with graphic design tools (e.g. Photoshop, etc.), or works with non-original elements spliced together will not be considered eligible.
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources and make sure to obtain authorization.
# After the list of winners is announced, if Travelers have any objection to the prize-winning works, they can give feedback through the customer support email or in-game customer support. If a prize-winning work is suspected of violating the event rules, we will revoke the prize and this user's account will be permanently banned from participating in any future community events.
# By participating in this event, you authorize HoYoverse to publish and exhibit your work on public platforms. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Customer Service.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}