{{Event
|name              = "Fantastical Evening Star" Layla (Cryo) Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~
|image             = Fantastical Evening Star Layla (Cryo) Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-11-11 12:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-11-15 23:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/201
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>Today, we will be introducing Layla, a student from the Rtawahist Darshan!<br>The Rtawahist Darshan of the six Darshans under the Sumeru Akademiya is dedicated to the study of Illuminationism. Layla can be found among the researchers of Illuminationism, which is centered around astrology and astronomy, learning of the cosmos that has clutched the world in its embrace since time immemorial.<br>Layla draws star charts tirelessly in order to write her thesis. Due to her teachers' high expectations, her desk is always stacked with a mountain of papers that never seems to decrease no matter how hard she tries. Layla's academic career has put her under a lot of pressure. Do you have any relaxation tips to share with her?}}
'''"Fantastical Evening Star" Layla (Cryo) Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.2]].

==Event Duration==
November 11, 2022 – November 15, 2022 23:59<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on November 25.

==How to Participate==
During the event, comment on the post to share some [relaxation tips] and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Event Rewards==
We will randomly select 10 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to receive a set of Character Stands (each set contains 3 random characters).

When the number of replies in the post exceeds 2,000, that is, when the number of replies reaches 2,001/4,001/6,001/8,001, the number of winners will be increased by 5, and the total number of additional winners will not exceed 30.

==Notes==
# Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Each Traveler is only eligible to receive one prize, and repeated comments are only counted once.
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: comments with content that violates our Community Rules, comments that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself) or creating a new post (instead of commenting on this post), comments with no relation to Genshin Impact, comments that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}