{{Event
|name              = "Feast of the Departed Warriors" Score Sharing Event
|image             = Feast of the Departed Warriors Score Sharing Event.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-06-14 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-06-26 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/19334405
}}
{{Description|The in-game "Feast of the Departed Warriors" event has begun~ Your opponents are waiting for their moment to strike. Time to rise to the challenge, Travelers~<br>Share screenshots of your Battle Chronicles in this post's comments from today to June 26 for a chance to win Primogems ×100!}}
'''"Feast of the Departed Warriors" Score Sharing Event''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.7]].

==Event Rewards==
Primogems ×100 (60 Winners)

==Evaluation Methods==
60 Travelers will be randomly chosen to receive Primogems ×100 each.

==Event Duration==
June 14, 2023 — June 26, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Winners Notice: The list of winners will be announced in this post after July 1, 2023.

==How to Participate==
Share Battle Chronicle screenshots for the "Feast of the Departed Warriors" event in this post's comments section.

Go to Battle Chronicle and screenshot: Genshin Impact Battle Chronicle

==Note==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: Comments with no relation to the event, comments that contain any form of advertising, comments spreading malicious rumors or discrediting the game and its characters, those that are deleted after the event result is announced, and replies to another comment.
# After the list of winners is announced, if a winner deletes their work (including posts or comments), the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one prize during the event.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}