{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79072
|image         = Event Quest Flying Hatter.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Summertide Scales and Tales
|requirement   = 
* Complete step 8 of [[They Once Walked the Starry Sky]]
|characters    = Devitt; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Simulanka]]
|region        = Simulanka
|area          = Constellation Metropole
|subarea       = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Summertide Scales and Tales/Flying Hatter's Trick|Flying Hatter's Trick]] subevent.
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''"Flying Hatter"''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertide Scales and Tales]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Devitt

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|There is someone in Constellation Metropole who is most enamored with hats...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Devitt)
:'''Devitt:''' Oh my, what an honor. You must be {{Traveler}}, in which case, the one by your side must be your companion, Ms. Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, right in one! That's us!
:{{DIcon}} We're that famous, are we?
:'''Devitt:''' News travels quickly to, from, and through Constellation Metropole.
:'''Devitt:''' I must say that you're right on time &mdash; I was just putting the finishing touches on this game of mine, named "Flying Hats."
:'''Devitt:''' I can't be like the eponymous hatter in the "Flying Hatter," who gave everyone a lovely hat, I fear...
:'''Devitt:''' But I believe that "Flying Hats" will bring joy to those who play it.
:'''Devitt:''' I've also designed three completely different gameplay modes for it... Don't worry, don't worry, the rules aren't too complicated!
:'''Devitt:''' You'll figure it out after just one game, I guarantee it.
:{{DIcon}} I'll give it a try!
::'''Devitt:''' Alrighty-righty then. This way, please.
:{{DIcon}} I'm busy right now...
::'''Devitt:''' Oh, it's quite alright. Just come find me whenever you've got the time. I'll be staying here for time being.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = "Flying Hatter"
|zhs      = 《飞帽匠》
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 《飛帽匠》
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 『フライングハッター』
|ja_rm    = "Furaingu Hattaa"
|ja_tl    = "Flying Hatter"
|ko       = 《비행 모자 장인》
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = «El artesano de sombrecópteros»
|es_tl    = The Haticopter Artisan
|fr       = « Le chapelier volant »
|fr_tl    = "The Flying Hatter"
|ru       = «Летающая шляпа»
|ru_tl    = "Flying Hat"
|th       = "ช่างทำหมวกลอยฟ้า"
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = "Thợ Mũ Bay"
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = „Der fliegende Hutmacher“
|de_tl    = "The Flying Hatter"
|id       = "Pengrajin Topi Terbang"
|id_tl    = "The Flying Hat Artisan"
|pt       = "Chapeleiro Voador"
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = "Uçan Şapkacı"
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = "Cappellaio volante"
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[pt-br:"Chapeleiro Voador"]]
[[ru:«Летающая шляпа»]]
[[vi:"Thợ Mũ Bay"]]