{{Event
|name              = "Fleeting Colors in Flight" Version 2.4 Fan Art Contest
|image             = Fleeting Colors in Flight Version 2.4 Fan Art Contest.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Fanart
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-01-07 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-02-14 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/92
}}
'''"Fleeting Colors in Flight" Version 2.4 Strategy Guides Contest''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 2.4]].

==How to Participate==
# Create a Genshin Impact fan art based on the theme of "Lantern Rite." There are no stylistic limitations.
# Click on the "Post Image" button on the event page to submit your work.
# Traveler participation is deemed successful once the two steps above are completed~

==Event Duration==
* Submission Period: January 7, 2022 – February 14, 2022 (UTC+8)
* Vote Counting Period/Results: February 15, 2022 – March 31, 2022 (UTC+8)
* Reward Issuance: After April 12, 2022

==Event Rewards==
* Gold (5 Winners)
** 10,000 Primogems + 200 USD
* Silver (10 Winners)
** 5,000 Primogems + 150 USD
* Bronze (15 Winners)
** 3,000 Primogems + 80 USD
* Runners-Up (30 Winners)
** 1,000 Primogems + 30 USD
* Lucky Prize (30 Winners)
** 1,000 Primogems + 15 USD

==Event Rules==
# Please submit Genshin Impact-related fan art based on the "Lantern Rite" theme. There are no stylistic limitations (though in-game screenshots, pictures of real people, and previously submitted works will be deemed invalid).
# Image submissions should be JPGs, PNGs, or GIFs with file sizes under 10 MB, and must be recently created (within one month).
# Travelers can post a maximum of five submissions, each submission can only consist of a single image, and each submission cannot be submitted twice. If a Traveler submitted multiple entries, only the highest prize will be awarded.
# Works of the following nature will be removed by our staff: uncolored sketches or unfinished works, inappropriate and other illegal content, content that does not conform to the original setting, works that plagiarize or defraud the work of other creators, those with no relation to Genshin Impact, works that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game or its characters.
# When uploading their finished works, Travelers should include pictures of their works-in-progress (drafts, sketches, etc.) as supplementary evidence.
# Travelers should name their work (please include this in the title of the post). In the description, Travelers should briefly outline the inspiration and meaning behind their artwork, as well as the time spent on its creation.

==Judging Rules==
# The Judges' scores will be based on aspects such as the completeness, aesthetics, and how well the entry stays true to the background of Genshin Impact. At the same time, the number of votes and popularity of the works will be taken into account to a certain extent. If a participant has more than one winning entry, only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# All awards will be awarded by the Judges based on the above aspects upon comprehensive consideration. Therefore, it is possible that not all awards will be given out.

==Notes==
# Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Please go to Account Info > Redemption Information to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner deletes the post of the winning work, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.

==Event FAQ==
Q1: Can PlayStation players participate in the event?<br />
A1: Yes, you can link your account according to the following announcement: https://www.hoyolab.com/article/533197

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}