{{Event
|name              = "Frostflake Heron" Kamisato Ayaka Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~
|image             = Frostflake Heron Kamisato Ayaka Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-07-19 13:00:00 <!--(no time given)-->
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-07-21 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/569114
<!--|link2             = 
|link2name         = Winners Announcement-->
}}
Hello, Travelers!

Previously, we introduced a new character &mdash; "Frostflake Heron" [[Kamisato Ayaka]] to all of you Travelers. Has everyone seen it? If you haven't seen it,

[https://www.hoyolab.com/article/549537 >>>Learn More About Kamisato Ayaka<<<]

As the daughter of the [[Kamisato Clan]], one of the three most respected and prestigious clans in [[Inazuma City]], Kamisato Ayaka has earned the elegant title of "Shirasagi Himegimi."

Compared to her brother, Ayato, who is the head of the clan and is in charge of government affairs, Ayaka appears in public more often and is greatly admired by everyone. In the hearts of the Inazumans, Kamisato Ayaka is as graceful and pure as a white heron, and despite her being of noble birth, she is polite and friendly to everyone. It could be said that she truly deserves the title of "Shirasagi Himegimi."

When meeting those known for their beauty and nobility, people often use flowers to describe them. But what kind of flower would suit Kamisato Ayaka? Traveler, please help to give a suggestion (>ω<*)

==Event Duration==
*From now – July 21, 23:59 (UTC+8)
*Results: July 29

==How to Participate==
During the event, comment on [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/569114 the post] about a flower to describe Kamisato Ayaka and the reason why, and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Event Rewards==
*Genshin Impact merchandise prizes worth US$10 × 10
*We will randomly select 10 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to receive merchandise prizes~

==Notes==
# Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Each Traveler is only eligible to receive one prize, and repeated comments are only counted once.
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: comments with content that violates our Community Rules, comments that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself) or creating a new post (instead of commenting on this post), comments with no relation to Genshin Impact or Kamisato Ayaka, comments that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}