{{Event
|name              = "Frostflake Heron" Kamisato Ayaka Fan Art Contest 2023-12-11
|image             = Frostflake Heron Kamisato Ayaka Fan Art Contest 2023-12-11.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|group2            = Fanart
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-12-11 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = UTC+8
|time_end          = 2024-01-01 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = UTC+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/332
}}
{{Description|Dear Travelers,<br>Kamisato Akaya's Fan Art Contest has begun! Get your drawing tools ready, and come participate~}}
'''"Frostflake Heron" Kamisato Ayaka Fan Art Contest''' is a Web [[Event]] in [[Version 4.2]].

==Event Duration==
December 11, 2023 &mdash; January 1, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: January 17, 2024

==How to Participate==
===Twitter (X), Facebook, Instagram===
# During the event, use the hashtags #GenshinImpact, #KamisatoAyaka, and #FanArtContest when posting your original fan art that meets the requirements.
# All Travelers participating in the event should click on the link below to fill out your entry information.<br>https://forms.gle/cQNYav7bcwvGBa1HA
#* Travelers participating in the event are required to make their accounts and posts public.

===HoYoLAB===
# During the event, click the "Image" button in the top-right corner of the event page to publish your original fan art that meets the requirements.
# Travelers participating in the event are required to make their submission posts and HoYoLAB account public.

==Event Rules==
# Entries submitted for this event must be original fan art created within the past month and have a high degree of completion. Unfinished sketches, works directly edited with graphic design tools (e.g. Photoshop, etc.), or works with copied elements spliced together will not be considered eligible.
# Please submit works that meet the requirements within the submission period. Travelers should include pictures or videos of their works-in-progress (drafts, sketches, etc.) in their posts. Posts without such pictures or videos will not be considered eligible.

==Event Rewards==
* First Prize (1 Winner)
** 3,000 Primogems + 500 USD
* Second Prize (3 Winners)
** 1,000 Primogems + 200 USD
* Third Prize (5 Winners)
** 500 Primogems + 100 USD
* Lucky Prize (10 Winners)
** 20 USD worth of Merchandize Prizes

==Notes==
# Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# The event is held on multiple platforms, and winning submissions will be selected from across all platforms. The above rewards are the total rewards for all platforms. There is no amount of prizes set aside for each platform and region.
# If the same entry wins on multiple platforms, the prize will be issued according to the platform it was first posted on after final verification (only one prize will be issued).
# The official organizers will choose the winning works from among all the submitted works that meet the event rules. Therefore, it is possible that not all prizes will be given out.
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources and make sure to obtain authorization.
# After the list of winners is announced, if Travelers have any objection to the prize-winning works, they can give feedback through the customer support email or in-game customer support. If a prize-winning work is suspected of violating the event rules, we will revoke the prize and this user's account will be permanently banned from participating in any future community events.
# Please ensure that the winning works stay up for at least 7 days after the results are announced so that they can be verified. Those who delete their winning posts within this verification period will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# After the list of winners is announced, the winners must submit their prize information within the specified time. Failure to fill in the required information in time or filling in the information incorrectly will be deemed to be a forfeiture of the prize, and it will not be reissued.
# Primogem rewards will be issued within 20 business days of the results being announced. The estimated time for cash and merchandise rewards delivery will be within 60 business days after the winners provide their prize information.
# Cash prizes will be delivered via PayPal. Winners should provide their typically used PayPal account to accept and receive the cash prize during the allotted period. To ensure the cash prize is delivered without issue, we will have to collect and use personal data such as your PayPal account name and email.
# The costs necessary for international transfers such as administrative costs, etc. are borne by the organizer. Winners are responsible for their own tax obligations in accordance with the personal income tax policies of their country or region. The actual amount is subject to change, please refer to the laws and regulations and tax policies of your country or region.
# In order to provide third-party logistics services for the shipment of your prizes, we will be collecting and using personal information such as your address and contact information (the specific scope of collection is based on the information filling page). The aforementioned personal information will only be used by us and the third-party shipment service provider. We will not disclose any personal information to other third parties without your prior consent.
# The event organizer will bear the delivery costs of merchandise prizes. Merchandise prizes being shipped may be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# By participating in this event, you authorize HoYoverse to publish and exhibit your work on public platforms. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Customer Service.
# You can visit the game's official website for more information on our Privacy Policy. All personal data will be collected and used in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy.

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}