{{Event
|name              = "Fungus Mechanicus" Has Begun, Take Part in the Topic Event to Win Primogems
|image             = Fungus Mechanicus Has Begun, Take Part in the Topic Event to Win Primogems.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-03-23 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-04-02 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/17204550
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>Now that the "Fungus Mechanicus" event has begun, those familiar shroom buddies have returned to us once again.<br>During your combat together, have you gained any unique insights? Which of them do you find most indispensable and trustworthy?<br>Come and share your thoughts with us!}}
'''"Fungus Mechanicus" Has Begun, Take Part in the Topic Event to Win Primogems''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.5]].

==Event Duration==
March 23, 2023 – April 2, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on April 14.

==How to Participate==
# Post under the topic #Fungus Mechanicus and share your combat strategies, e.g., your Lil' Fungi party setup, timing to release skills, etc.
# Post under the topic #Fungus Mechanicus and share with us which other shroom buddies you'd like to bring to the Fungus Mechanicus and what their skills may be.
Participation is considered successful as long as you fulfill one of the two conditions above.

==Event Rewards==
I will randomly select 100 people among the Travelers who have participated according to the two methods above to gift them each Primogems ×120.

==Notes==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner hides or deletes the post of the winning work, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one prize during the event.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}