{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Tutorial Gift of the Goddess of Prophecy 1.png
|type         = Exploration
|region       = Simulanka
|area         = Constellation Metropole
|event        = Summertide Scales and Tales
}}
'''"Gift of the Goddess of Prophecy"''' is an exploration mechanic in [[Constellation Metropole]], [[Simulanka]]. The player can repeatedly attack this device to rewind time in a limited area and scope to progress in certain puzzles and quests.

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|"Gift of the Goddess of Prophecy"}}

==Dialogue==
===Form an orderly queue!===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Rewind all the way)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Yellow Toy Figure:''' Open for business!
:;(Two red toy figures and a blue toy figure stand in front of the store)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure B:''' Can't wait!
:;(The toy figures rush toward the yellow toy figure)
:;(If the [[Oracle Pillar]]s are not connected properly)
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure B:''' Chaaaarge!
:::;(The blue toy figure trips and falls)
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Blue Toy Figure:''' Agh!
:::;(Red Toy Figure B runs to the side of the intended queuing area)
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure B:''' Me first, me first, take my money!
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Yellow Toy Figure:''' Please form an orderly line!
:;(If the Oracle Pillars are connected properly)
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure B:''' Looks like we'll have to queue up!
:::;(The toy figures line up orderly)
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Yellow Toy Figure:''' Thank you for your patronage!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Here comes the giant!===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Toy figures overlooking from a nearby tower)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Blue Toy Figure:''' What's with that person?
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure:''' Perhaps they supped of the wrong potion?

;(Rewind all the way)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure:''' Bought a new potion!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Blue Toy Figure:''' Wow, that's so cool!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Yellow Toy Figure:''' Come on, give it a try!
:;(The red toy figure drinks the potion)
:;(It grows to twice its original height and knocks over the other two toy figures)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure:''' This power is unsurpassed!
:;(The red toy figure begins to walk away and pauses to take a break after making a turn)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure:''' Phew... So tired...
:;(The yellow toy figure gets up and steps on the button to open the [[Superglue|glue]] cap)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Yellow Toy Figure:''' Use the glue to stop him!
:;(The red toy figure continues to walk away)
:;(The yellow toy figure chases after him)
:;(Before any glue is used)
:::;(The red toy figure gets away)
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Yellow Toy Figure:''' We need to hit the glue...
:;(If one or two drops of superglue was used)
:::;(The red toy figure walks straight through the glue)
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure:''' This won't stop me!
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Yellow Toy Figure:''' We need more glue...
:;(If three drops of superglue was used)
:::;(The red toy figure falls over in the glue and returns to normal size)
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure:''' Agh!
{{Dialogue End}}

===You Draw, I'll Step!===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Complete the puzzle)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Yellow Toy Figure:''' It worked!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Watch your head!===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Toy figures overlooking from a nearby tower)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Yellow Toy Figure:''' The construction team is in danger!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure:''' Someone help!
----
;(Rewind all the way)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure A:''' The boxes are all ready to go!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure B:''' Awesome!

:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure C:''' Time for work...
:;(If the obstacles have not been cleared)
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure C:''' The boxes are blocking the way...
:;(If the obstacles have been cleared)
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure C:''' This way is closer...
:::;(Red Toy Figure C jumps onto the button to open the glue cap)

:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure A:''' Have you applied the glue?
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure B:''' No... I haven't...
:;(Before any glue is applied to the bottom of the box)
:::;(Red Toy Figure D drinks a growing potion and knocks over a box)
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure A:''' Uh-oh!
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure B:''' Help me, please!
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure D:''' Watch out!
:;(After the glue has been applied to the bottom of the box)
::::The trajectory of events has changed, wait for the story to end...
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure A:''' Have you applied the glue?
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure B:''' No... I haven't...
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure A:''' Looks pretty stable...
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure B:''' I'll go check!
:::;(Red Toy Figure D drinks the growing potion and falls over when it grows into the box)
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure D:''' It's so sturdy...
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure C:''' You're done?
:::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure D:''' Almost got into trouble there...
----
;(Toy figures overlooking from a nearby tower)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Yellow Toy Figure:''' They're saved!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Red Toy Figure:''' Amazing!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = "Gift of the Goddess of Prophecy"
|zhs      = 「预言女神的礼物」
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 「預言女神的禮物」
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 「預言の女神の贈り物」
|ja_rm    = "Yodan no Megami no Okurimono"
|ja_tl    = "Gift of the Goddess of Prophecy"
|ko       = 「예언<->의 여신<->의 선물」
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Obsequio de la Diosa de las Profecías
|es_tl    = Gift of the Goddess of Prophecies
|fr       = « Cadeau de la déesse prophétesse »
|fr_tl    = "Gift of the Prophetess Goddess"
|ru       = Дар Богини Пророчества
|ru_tl    = Gift of the Goddess of Prophecy
|th       = "ของขวัญจาก เทพธิดาพยากรณ์"
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = "Món Quà Của Nữ Thần Tiên Tri"
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = „Geschenk der Göttin der Prophezeiung“
|de_tl    = "Gift of the Goddess of Prophecy"
|id       = "Berkah Dewi Nubuat"
|id_tl    = "Blessing of the Goddess of Prophecy"
|pt       = "Presente da Deusa da Profecia"
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = "Kehanet Tanrıçası'nın Hediyesi"
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Dono della Dea della Profezia
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}