{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79073
|image         = Event Quest Good Shelf.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Summertide Scales and Tales
|requirement   = Complete Step 6 of ''[[The Story Begins in a Forest Without Rain]]''
|characters    = Traveler; Xudi
|startLocation = [[Simulanka]]
|region        = Simulanka
|area          = Forest of Blessings
|rewards       = Starsail Coin*5;Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Summertide Scales and Tales/Figurine Fabrication|Figurine Fabrication]] subevent
}}
'''''"Good Shelf"''''' is an [[Event Quest]] in [[Simulanka]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Xudi]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In the [[Forest of Blessings]] dwells a paper frog who has made something interesting.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Xudi)
:'''Xudi:''' Welcome, honored guests! Welcome to the Forest of Blessings!
:'''Xudi:''' Are you here for a jaunt, or are you here to see the Rainsong Pond jumping competition? Whatever the case may be, may you enjoy your time here.
;(If [[Afterword (Summertide Scales and Tales)|''Afterword'']] has not been completed)
::'''Xudi:''' Do remember to avoid the giant dragon, who can come knocking at any time! Don't let him get in the way of your travels!
::'''Xudi:''' *sigh* Truth be told, I wanted to give him some Paper Models. Thought it might improve his mood, perhaps keep him from blowing my shelves over again...
::'''Xudi:''' But he doesn't seem the least bit interested in listening to me, simply flying off as he pleases, just as always...
;(If [[Afterword (Summertide Scales and Tales)|''Afterword'']] has been completed)
::'''Xudi:''' Fortunately, a sudden visit of the draconic variety isn't on the menu anymore. If anything, I'd say that you've come at just the right time!
::'''Xudi:''' Word is that the dragon's having a bout of good temper.
::'''Xudi:''' I was just about to bring some Paper Models over to see him. Hope he likes them.
:'''Xudi:''' Oh my, I forgot to introduce you to my masterpiece, as well as this outstanding frame.
:'''Xudi:''' Please, look over here! Have a look at this Fantastical Fabricator. Every Paper Model I've made up to this moment is inside.
:'''Xudi:''' I've walked... well, "jumped" across the entire world, and made countless friends in my journey to craft them.
:'''Xudi:''' For example, the flying squirrel [[Clanche]], who would often drag me into wind currents to try flying, [[Devitt]], who loves paper models as I do, and of course, [[Alof]], ever the stone-faced fellow.
:'''Xudi:''' They were all generous enough to let me make paper models based off them, that I might share these interesting toys with everyone!
:'''Xudi:''' Alright then. Grab these [[Starsail Coin]]s &mdash; consider them a welcome gift. Then stuff them into the Fabricator, and finally, turn this handle. Let's see what the dewdrops shall bring you today.
:'''Xudi:''' Once you use these coins up, though, you'll have to find a way to get some more on your own &mdash; if you want to continue turning that Fabricator handle, that is.
:'''Xudi:''' As to just how to get more... Well, you can ask those good friends of mine. I'm sure they'll have an idea or two.
:'''Xudi:''' After you get the present, you can exhibit them on the shelf behind me.
:'''Xudi:''' Strictly speaking, it is this shelf that was the true impetus for my creation of the Fantastical Fabricator and Paper Models...
:'''Xudi:''' But that telling of that tale is no simple thing... Should you so wish, I would be glad to share it with you.
:'''Xudi:''' But for now, just start the Fabricator up. Dreamy dewdrops above willing, may you gain the gift you desire, and may your mood be uplifted for the rest of the day.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = "Good Shelf"
|zhs      = 《好架子》
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 《好架子》
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 『立派な棚』
|ja_rm    = "Rippa-na Tana"
|ja_tl    = "Splendid Shelf"
|ko       = 《좋은 선반》
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = «La magnífica estantería»
|es_tl    = The Magnificent Shelf
|fr       = « Bonne étagère »
|fr_tl    = "Good Shelf"
|ru       = «Хорошая полка»
|ru_tl    = "Good Shelf"
|th       = "ชั้นวางอย่างดี"
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = "Chiếc Kệ Tốt"
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = „Das gute Regal“
|de_tl    = "The Good Shelf"
|id       = "Rak Baik"
|id_tl    = "Good Shelf"
|pt       = "Boa Moldura"
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = "Harika Raf"
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = "Espositore prezioso"
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[pt-br:"Boa Moldura"]]
[[ru:«Хорошая полка»]]
[[vi:"Chiếc Kệ Tốt"]]