{{Event
|name              = "Golden Vow" Candace Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise
|image             = Golden Vow Candace Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-09-26 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-09-30 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/9330223
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>Aaru Village lies on the edge of the desert. Though it is cut off by the Wall of Samiel, it is still a safe place that welcomes those who wish for rest. As the Guardian of Aaru Village, Candace's job is to keep the village safe.<br>People have differing views on Candace. While The Eremites regard her as a true descendant of King Deshret, with the terrifying power to control the desert, young adventurers who have been to the desert have found her warm and kind... But Candace cares little for others' opinions of her.<br>In Candace's case, anyone can rest and seek help in Aaru Village so long as they abide by the rules. If anyone breaks those rules and intends to do harm, Candace will not hesitate to take care of them personally.<br>Candace has made protecting Aaru Village her top priority. So, dear Traveler, what is it that you hold dear, that you want to protect the most? (*╹▽╹*)}}
'''"Golden Vow" Candace Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.1]].

==Event Duration==
September 26, 2022 – September 30, 2022 23:59<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on October 11.

==How to Participate==
During the event, comment on the post about what you want to protect the most and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Event Rewards==
We will randomly select 10 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to receive a set of Character Stands (each set contains 3 random characters).<br>
When the number of replies in the post exceeds 2,000, that is, when the number of replies reaches 2,001/4,001/6,001/8,001, the number of winners will be increased by 5, and the total number of additional winners will not exceed 30.

==Notes==
# Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Each Traveler is only eligible to receive one prize, and repeated comments are only counted once.
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: comments with content that violates our Community Rules, comments that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself) or creating a new post (instead of commenting on this post), comments with no relation to Genshin Impact and Candace, comments that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[pt-br:Debute da Candace - Promessa Dourada]]