{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73038
|image         = World Quest Hello Thank You and the Final Goodbye.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Aranyaka
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = IV
|act           = In the End, the Forest Will Remember
|part          = 1
|summary       = 
|characters    = Arana; Paimon; Traveler; Rana
|startLocation = [[Land of Grounded Dreams]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Lost Nursery
|subarea       = Old Vanarana
|prev          = For All Children Who Long for Life
|next          = 
|exp           = 100
|mora          = 10,000
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Stories of You and the Aranara|1}}
}}
'''''"Hello," "Thank You," and the Final "Goodbye"''''' is the only quest in the [[World Quest]] series [[Aranyaka]]: Part IV - [[In the End, the Forest Will Remember]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Arana]]
# Return to [[Rana]]
# Talk to Rana

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest will grant the [[Sumeru: The Rainforest of Lore]] Achievement, ''[[The Forest Will Remember]]''.
* Completing this quest unlocks the [[Hidden Exploration Objective]], ''[[The Bad Guy in Vimara Village]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Finally, you claimed the Bija. It's time to return to Rana.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Arana)
:'''Arana:''' An Ashvattha Tree... Strange. The Ashvattha Tree shouldn't be here. Golden Nara, White Floaty... Arana doesn't recognize you. But you look familiar. Who are you?
:'''Paimon:''' So Arana really did forget everything...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's name is Paimon, and {{MC|m=he|f=she}} is (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} We're your friends, Arana.
:'''Arana:''' Mm. Arana believes you. You smell kind...
:'''Arana:''' Arana understands now. There seemed to be a hole in my heart through which important memories slipped away. But, seeing you and the Ashvattha Tree, Arana understands much more now.
:'''Arana:''' Arana saw that you took the [[Bija]], yes? Arana gave many memories to the Ashvattha Tree to grow that fruit, to help a friend.
:'''Paimon:''' Clever Arana... So do you remember that friend?
:'''Arana:''' No. But, it's okay. You have the Bija, so you must be friends that Arana trusts, and Nara that the Ashvattha Tree recognizes.
:'''Arana:''' Please take the Bija to Arana's friend in need.
:{{DIcon}} We will.
::'''Paimon:''' Arana, come with us! Your friend must want to see you again!
:{{DIcon}} Let's head off together.
:'''Arana:''' ...
:'''Arana:''' Arana doesn't want to go. Arana has forgotten. If my friend sees that they've been forgotten, they will be sad and think that Arana doesn't cherish them.
:'''Paimon:''' The friend you wanted to help is a great person... uh, a great Nara. Even if you forget her, Arana, she would still want to be your friend.
:'''Paimon:''' So let's go together, alright?
:'''Arana:''' ...Okay.
:'''Arana:''' You are Arana's friends, so Arana believes you.
----
;(Talk to Rana)
:'''Arana:''' This is Arana's Ararakalari...
:'''Arana:''' Is she... Arana's Nara friend?
:'''Paimon:''' Yes. Now, (Traveler)...
:{{DIcon}} (Use the Bija.)
:'''Rana:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Are you awake...?
:{{DIcon}} Can you hear me?
:{{DIcon}} She looks fine.
:'''Rana:''' Oh, did I fall asleep again... Where am I? Hey, (Traveler), Paimon, I'm so glad you're alright! I was worried you'd be affected by The Withering. And...
:'''Rana:''' Arana? Is that you, Arana...
:'''Arana:''' Hello, Nara friend.
:'''Rana:''' I've always been waiting for you... You know, I had this long, long dream where I met you for the first time...
:'''Rana:''' In the dream, I got lost in the forest. I couldn't find my parents or my way home. I was crying. You heard it, and you found me and sang to me...
:'''Rana:''' Then we became best friends. I often came to hang out with you in the forest. You gave me a flower as a gift, and you taught me so many things, so many secrets of the forest.
:'''Rana:''' Like how Starshrooms are the reflection of stars in the sky. Like how seeing the Nilotpala Lotus bloom...
:'''Arana:''' Seeing the Nilotpala Lotus bloom will grant you luck until the next moon rises.
:'''Rana:''' Yes! That's it! And then I dreamed that...
:'''Rana:''' I dreamed that I grew up quickly into a reliable Forest Watcher who could protect everyone in Vimara Village. Reliable grown-ups don't believe in forest fairy tales.
:'''Rana:''' I dreamed that I had forgotten all about you. I came to think that the stories about Aranara were just fairy tales for children. That the forest was just land with many trees, and that there was no such thing as magic...
:'''Rana:''' I was so scared when I woke up. Scared that I had forgotten all about you. I wouldn't know what to do if that happened... But thankfully, it was just a dream! I'm just so relieved to see you again!
:'''Rana:''' Arana, where have you been? I've been waiting for you, for you to take me to the forest... the magical forest full of mysteries that only appears when I'm with you...
:'''Arana:''' Sorry... Arana no longer remembers.
:'''Rana:''' Eh...?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah... Rana, it's not Arana's fault. Here's what happened...

:'''"We met Arana while looking for you. Arana said..."'''

:'''The Fungi in Mawtiyima Forest, the fight at the Rain's End, the inside of the Ruin Golem, the song amidst the roses. Aranara acting as brothers and sisters, the joyful scenes of Festival Utsava...<br />Gently, you tell Rana and Arana about all that you encountered together with the Aranara.'''

:'''Rana:''' So it was I who forgot everything...
:'''Paimon:''' Bija grows from memories... Paimon thinks that Arana must've treasured those memories of you greatly, which is how the fruit could help you bring back some memories while it was healing you...
:'''Rana:''' Thank you, (Traveler), Paimon... You went through so much trouble to help me...
:{{DIcon}} Don't mention it. This was a most rewarding adventure for us, too.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Besides, Arana and Arama are the ones you should be thanking...
:{{DIcon}} You should thank Arana and Arama instead.
:'''Rana:''' Thank you, and sorry, Arana...
:'''Rana:''' *sob* How could I forget about you... You must hate me, don't you...
:'''Arana:''' Arana doesn't know. Arana has forgotten.
:'''Arana:''' But, it's okay. Since past-Arana was willing to let memories go for Rana's sake, current-Arana knows that you are the most important Nara, even more precious than memories.
:'''Paimon:''' Um, Paimon's not sure if it's fair to Arana to say this...
:'''Paimon:''' But Araja said Aranara have long lives! Paimon thinks that you two can still create many precious memories together, just like Paimon and (Traveler) do!
:'''Rana:''' You're right... We still have a lot of time with each other. We can explore the vastness of the forest, the world, and the future together.
:'''Arana:''' Yes!
:'''Rana:''' Marana... So The Withering problem was pretty much settled while I was asleep. I don't know how to thank you, (Traveler), Paimon and all the Aranara...
:'''Rana:''' I know it seems impulsive, but I would like to go on a journey with Arana. I'm just worried that the children in Vimara Village might be put at risk again...
:'''Paimon:''' Gah! Paimon almost forgot that we still haven't solved our bad guy problem...
:{{DIcon}} I already have some clues about who we're up against.
:'''Paimon:''' What? Who? Why didn't Paimon know anything about that?
:'''Rana:''' Really? Who? Come, I must give them a few hard knocks to go!
:{{DIcon}} Leave this to me.
:{{DIcon}} There's no hard evidence yet.
:'''Rana:''' Right...
:'''Rana:''' I believe you, (Traveler).
:'''Rana:''' This might come out strange... but I do think that this bad guy did bring something other than trouble. I mean, if the children hadn't gotten lost, I wouldn't have increased my patrol frequency...
:'''Rana:''' And if I hadn't done that, I wouldn't have run into those Fungi and met two kind and honest souls who would never leave someone in need behind...
:'''Rana:''' It all happened so that I got to know you. (Traveler), Paimon, you've both been such a great help. You saved me and helped reunite me with my best friend...
:'''Rana:''' I can't thank you enough, (Traveler) and Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' It's okay, Rana! That said, [[Iotham]], [[Kavus]], and [[Sudabeh]] are going to miss you if you leave...
:'''Rana:''' They are stronger than you think. And they know (Traveler), too. Besides, it's not like I'm never coming back!
:'''Rana:''' I will return one day and tell them tons of great stories, and I will introduce Arana to them, just like how I introduced (Traveler).
:'''Paimon:''' That's good, that's good... Paimon was getting worried that you wouldn't come back...
:'''Rana:''' So Arana, will you go travel with me?
:'''Arana:''' Of course.
:'''Rana:''' You've lost so many memories because of me. But just as Paimon said, we can create our memories together to fill the void in your heart.
:'''Rana:''' My name is Rana. Would you like to be my friend?
:'''Arana:''' Yes. Narana, we used to be best friends, and we will be best friends again.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, look! That's...

:'''From Rana's chest, glows a light with the warmth of heartbeat, faint yet bright.<br />She tries to cover and touch the light with her hands, but the light source burrows into her hands as if consciously.<br />When the light fades out, a delicate ornament appears in her hand.'''

:{{DIcon}} A Vision.
:'''Paimon:''' This is the first time Paimon has seen something like this happen with her own eyes...
:'''Rana:''' So my wish was recognized by the gods...
:'''Rana:''' Great! Now that I have this, I can embark on this journey with no more worries! I should even be able to handle the remnants of The Withering just fine. If only I could look as good in a fight as you, (Traveler)!
:'''Rana:''' Ah, I've got so many things to do. First, I'll let everyone know I'm awake. Oh, and I need to tell Tighnari about my plans to travel.
:'''Rana:''' Thank you again, Paimon, Arana. And thank you, (Traveler).
:'''Arana:''' Thank you, Golden Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. Arana has lost those memories, but Arana knows you are good Nara. You helped Arana meet Narana. Arana is so happy.
:{{DIcon}} It's been a pleasure to know you all.
::{{DIcon}} Take care.
::{{DIcon}} I wish you both a most rewarding journey.
:{{DIcon}} Time to bid farewell.
:'''Paimon:''' Rana and Arana... Paimon hopes you enjoy your journey. And that you won't forget about us!
:'''Rana:''' "Do not yield to the wind, or the rain. Do not yield to the winter snow, or the summer heat..."
:'''Rana:''' I heard this poem once. (Traveler), Paimon, I'm sure we'll meet again someday. And you'll see a stronger me then for sure!
:'''Arana:''' We'll see each other again for sure!
;(Obtain [[Garland]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = "Hello," "Thank You," and the Final "Goodbye"
|zhs     = 「你好」、「谢谢」；最后是「再见」
|zhs_rm  = "Nǐhǎo", "Xièxiè"; Zuìhòu Shì "Zàijiàn"
|zht     = 「你好」、「謝謝」，最後是「再見」
|zht_rm  = "Nǐhǎo", "Xièxiè", Zuìhòu Shì "Zàijiàn"
|zh_tl   = "Hello," "Thank You," and Finally "Goodbye"
|ja      = 「こんにちは」、「ありがとう」。そして「さようなら」
|ja_rm   = "Konnichiwa", "Arigatou". Soshite "Sayounara"
|ja_tl   = "Hello," "Thank You." And the "Goodbye"
|ko      = 「안녕」, 「고마웠어」. 마지막으로 「다시 만나」
|ko_rm   = "Annyeong", "Gomawosseo". Majimageuro "Dasimanna"
|ko_tl   = "Hello," "Thank You." And the Final "See You Later"
|es      = Hola, gracias y adiós
|es_tl   = Hello, Thank You, And Goodbye
|fr      = Bonjour, merci et finalement au revoir
|fr_tl   = Good Morning, Thank You, and Finally Goodbye
|ru      = «Здравствуй», «спасибо» и «прощай»
|ru_tl   = "Hello," "Thank You," and "Goodbye"
|th      = "สวัสดี", "ขอบคุณ" และสุดท้ายคือ "ลาก่อน"
|th_rm   = "Sa-wat-di", "Khop-khun" Lae Sut-thai Khue "La-kon"
|th_tl   = "Hello," "Thank You," and Finally "Goodbye"
|vi      = "Xin Chào", "Cảm Ơn", Cuối Cùng Là "Tạm Biệt"
|vi_tl   = "Hello," "Thank You," and Finally "Goodbye"
|de      = „Hallo“, „Danke“ und schließlich „Auf Wiedersehen“
|de_tl   = "Hello," "Thanks," and Finally "See You Again"
|id      = "Halo", "Terima Kasih", dan "Sampai Jumpa" Pada Akhirnya.
|id_tl   = "Hello," "Thank You," and "See You Later" at the End.
|pt      = "Olá," "Obrigado," e o Último "Adeus"
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = "Merhaba", "Teşekkürler" ve "Hoşça Kal"
|tr_tl   = "Hello," "Thanks," and "Goodbye"
|it      = "Ciao", "Grazie" e l'ultimo "Arrivederci"
|it_tl   = "Hello," "Thank You," and the Last "Goodbye"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Hola, gracias y adiós]]
[[pt-br:"Olá," "Obrigado," e o Último "Adeus"]]