{{Event
|name              = "Historia Naturalis Sumeru" Short Video Submission Event
|image             = Historia Naturalis Sumeru Short Video Submission Event.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-08-30 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-09-11 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/7379181
}}
'''"Historia Naturalis Sumeru" Short Video Submission Event''' is a Web [[Event]] in [[Version 3.0]].

Hello, Travelers!<br />
The [[Sumeru]] map is now available, what are the beautiful landscapes that make you want to immortalize them? Share with us your favorite Sumeru landscapes as a short video!

The "Historia Naturalis Sumeru" Short Video Submission Event is now open. We are looking forward to your wonderful video creations!

==Event Duration==
* August 30, 2022 – September 11, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on September 29.

==How to Participate==
Use the hashtags "#ExploreSumeru" and "#GenshinImpact" while posting videos of in-game scenery that meet the requirements on TikTok or YouTube, and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Submission Criteria==
# The original video submissions must be taken in Sumeru.
# Your UID must be clearly visible in your work or video title.

==Event Rewards==
* {{Item|Primogem|x=600}} (40 winners)

==Other Details==
# Publishing content that violates laws, regulations, or community rules (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event, but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# This event will be evaluated based on the submission's content, comments, likes, and other factors.
# Your submission will not be entered into the contest if the content does not relate to the event. If the title of your post does not meet the criteria, the winner may be disqualified from receiving the prize.
# If the same entry wins on multiple platforms, the prize will be issued according to the platform it was first posted on after final verification (only one prize will be issued).
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources and make sure to obtain authorization.
# By participating in this event, you agree to have your UID and Nickname published on the event platform. UIDs will only be used to issue Primogem rewards to winning players and will be protected in accordance with the legal and policy provisions of local privacy protection laws.
# If the issuance of rewards fails due to the player providing the wrong UID, the official Genshin Impact team will not re-issue the reward.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = "Historia Naturalis Sumeru" Short Video Submission Event
|zhs     = 「须弥风物志」短视频征集活动
|zhs_rm  = "Xūmí Fēngwù-zhì" Duǎn-shìpín Zhēngjí Huódòng
|zht     = 「須彌風物誌」創意影片徵集活動
|zht_rm  = "Xūmí Fēngwù-zhì" Chuàngyì Yǐngpiàn Zhēngjí Huódòng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 「スメール風物誌」ショート動画募集コンテスト
|ja_rm   = "Sumeeru Fuubutsushi" Shooto Douga Boshuu Kontesuto
|ja_tl   = "Sumeru Seasonal Features" Short Video Submission Contest
|ko      = 「수메르 풍물지」 숏클립 공모전 이벤트
|ko_tl   = "Institutions and Customs Book of Sumeru" Short Clip Contest Event
|es      = Concurso de videos «Historia Naturalis de Sumeru»
|es_tl   = Video Competition "Historia Naturalis of Sumeru"
|fr      = Concours de vidéos courtes « Histoire de la nature de Sumeru »
|fr_tl   = Short Video Contest "History of Sumeru's Nature"
|ru      = Конкурс коротких видеороликов «Естественная история Сумеру»
|ru_tl   = Short Video Contest "Natural History of Sumeru"
|th      = กิจกรรมประกวดวิดีโอสั้น "บันทึกทิวทัศน์แห่ง Sumeru"
|th_rm   = Kitjakam Prakuat Widi-o San "Banthuek Thiwthat Haeng Sumeru"
|th_tl   = "Historia Naturalis Sumeru" Short Video Contest Event
|vi      = Sự Kiện Thu Thập Video "Cảnh Sắc Sumeru"
|vi_tl   = Video Collection Event "Sumeru's Scenery"
|de      = Video-Beitragsaktion „Historia Naturalis Sumeru“
|de_tl   = Video Submission Event "Historia Naturalis Sumeru"
|id      = Kontes Video Pendek "Historia Naturalis Sumeru"
|id_tl   = Short Video Contest "Historia Naturalis Sumeru"
|pt      = Concurso de Vídeos "Revista das Paisagens de Sumeru"
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}