{{Event
|name              = "HoYo FEST 2023" Genshin Impact Fan Art Contest
|image             = HoYo FEST 2023 Genshin Impact Fan Art Contest.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-07-13 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-07-27 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/282
}}
{{Description|Dear Travelers,<br>"HoYo FEST 2023" Genshin Impact Fan Art Contest Has Begun!}}
'''"HoYo FEST 2023" Genshin Impact Fan Art Contest''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.8]].

==Event Theme==
Create the most exciting theater production with HoYo FEST theater as your theme!

Will it be a captivating magic show, an engaging comedy, or a breathtaking acrobatic performance? We look forward to seeing your creative ideas!

==Event Duration==
July 13, 2023 – July 27, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: August 10, 2023

==How to Participate==
===Option 1===
# During the event, use the hashtags #GenshinImpact, #hoyofest, and #FanArtContest when posting your original fan art on Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram.
# All Travelers participating in the event should click on the link below to fill out your entry information.<br>[https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfiP3JmgtQ1t_2jW_CZeBXgn5xg6HfYoayL4UvsWIcy7VgtLw/viewform >> Fill out entry information here]

===Option 2===
# During the event, click the "Post Image" button on the event page to submit your original fan art that meets the requirements.
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Genshin Impact in HoYoLAB to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID or filled in the incorrect UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.

==Event Rules==
# Travelers can choose either of the two options above to participate in the event.
# Entries submitted for this event must be original fan art created within 1 month of the starting date of the event and have a high degree of completion. Unfinished sketches or works with copied elements spliced together will not be considered eligible.
# Travelers should include at least 1 picture of their works-in-progress (drafts, sketches, etc.) in their posts. Posts without such pictures will not be considered eligible.

==Event Rewards==
* First Prize (1 Winner)
** 3,000 Primogems + 500 USD
* Second Prize (3 Winners)
** 1,000 Primogems + 200 USD
* Third Prize (5 Winners)
** 500 Primogems + 100 USD
* Lucky Prize (10 Winners)
** HoYo FEST Genshin Impact-exclusive merchandise bundle (Chibi Acrylic Stand ×1 + Chibi Cardholder ×3)

==Notes==
# The following will be regarded as invalid submissions: content that fail to meet the requirements, content that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, content with no relation to Genshin Impact and the event, content that contain any form of advertising and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters, and other inappropriate content.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# The event is held on multiple platforms, and winning submissions will be selected from across all platforms. The above rewards are the total rewards for all platforms. There is no amount of prizes set aside for each platform and region.
# If the same entry wins on multiple platforms, the prize will be issued according to the platform it was first posted on after final verification (only one prize will be issued).
# After the list of winners is announced, if Travelers have any objection to the prize-winning works, they can give feedback through the customer support email or in-game customer support. If a prize-winning work is suspected of violating the event rules, we will revoke the prize and take the appropriate action depending on the severity of the violation. In serious cases, the user will be permanently banned from participating in any future community events.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# The costs necessary for international transfers such as administrative costs, etc. are borne by the organizer. Winners are responsible for their own tax obligations in accordance with the personal income tax policies of their country or region. The actual amount is subject to change, please refer to the laws and regulations and tax policies of your country or region.
# By participating in this event, you authorize HoYoverse to publish and exhibit your work on public platforms. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Customer Service.
# Please note that the delivery address cannot be changed after confirmation. The Genshin Impact officials will contact the winners and notify them of the relevant shipment information in a timely manner after dispatching the prizes. The actual arrival time is dependent on the actual logistics situation. In order to provide third-party logistics services for the shipment of your prizes, we will be collecting and using personal information such as your address and contact information. The aforementioned personal information will only be used by us and the third-party shipment service provider. We will not disclose any personal information to other third parties without your prior consent.
# Virtual in-game rewards will be issued within 20 business days of the results being announced. Merchandise and cash rewards will be issued within 60 business days of the results being announced. To provide cash payment to you, we will collect and use your personal information such as name and bank account number for the transfer. We will not disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent.
# You can visit the game's official website for more information on our Privacy Policy. All personal data will be collected and used in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy.

==Winners Notice==
Dear Travelers,<br>The Fan Art Contest has ended! Come on, let's take a look at the wonderful prize-winning works together~

>> https://hoyo.link/bZP3EGAL

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}