{{Event
|name              = "Joyous Summer" Summer Fan Art Contest
|image             = Joyous Summer Summer Fan Art Contest.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|group2            = Fanart
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-06-16 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-07-06 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/266
|link2             = https://hoyo.link/71wEDEAd
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Dear Travelers,<br>The "Joyous Summer" Summer Fan Art Contest has officially begun!<br>Submitting works related to the Genshin Impact Summer theme will not only give you a chance to win rewards, but outstanding works will also have a chance to be showcased live at the Genshin Impact Summer Festival offline event.<br>Let's enjoy a summer filled with creativity and artistry!<br>Head to the Genshin Impact Summer Festival pre-registration page for more offline event details:<br>https://hoyo.link/71wEDEAd}}
'''"Joyous Summer" Summer Fan Art Contest''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.7]].

==Event Duration==
Submission Period: June 16, 2023 – July 6, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Results Announcement: July 17, 2023

==Event Rewards==
Outstanding Works Prize (30 Winners)<br>
500 USD cash and 150 USD worth of Genshin Impact merchandise prizes<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Outstanding works will also have a chance to be showcased live at the Genshin Impact Summer Festival offline event.<br>
Lucky Prize (10 Winners)<br>
30 USD worth of Genshin Impact merchandise prizes<br>
We will randomly choose 10 lucky winners from entries that meet the rules to give them each a Lucky Prize.

==How to Participate==
===Option 1===
# During the event, use the hashtags #GenshinImpact，#SummerWithGenshin, and #FanArtContest when posting your original Genshin Impact Summer-themed fan art on Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram.
# All Travelers participating in the event should click on the link below to fill out your entry information.<br>https://forms.gle/krXyCnm11QKFUZeb9
#* Travelers participating in the event are required to make their accounts and posts public

===Option 2===
# During the event, click the "Post Image" button on the HoYoLAB event page to submit your original fan art that meets the requirements.

==Event Rules==
# Travelers can choose either of the two options above to participate in the event.
# Submissions need to be based on the Genshin Impact Summer theme. There are no stylistic limitations (though in-game screenshots, pictures of real people, and previously submitted works will be deemed invalid).
# Entries submitted for this event must be original fan art created within the past month and have a high degree of completion. Unfinished sketches, works directly edited with graphic design tools (e.g. Photoshop, etc.), or works with non-original elements spliced together will not be considered eligible.
# Travelers should include pictures of their works-in-progress (drafts, sketches, etc.) in their posts. Posts without such pictures will not be considered eligible.

==Notes==
# Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# The event is held on multiple platforms, and winning submissions will be selected from across all platforms. The above rewards are the total rewards for all platforms. There is no amount of prizes set aside for each platform and region.
# If the same entry wins on multiple platforms, the prize will be issued according to the platform it was first posted on after final verification (only one prize will be issued).
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources and make sure to obtain authorization.
# After the list of winners is announced, if Travelers have any objection to the prize-winning works, they can give feedback through the customer support email at genshin_cs@hoyoverse.com or in-game customer support. If a prize-winning work is suspected of violating the event rules, we will revoke the prize and this user's account will be permanently banned from participating in any future community events should the infringement circumstances be deemed of a sufficient severity.
# The estimated time for merchandise and cash rewards delivery will be within 60 business days after the results are announced.
# Cash prizes will be delivered via PayPal. Winners should provide their typically used PayPal account to accept and receive the cash prize during the allotted period. To ensure the cash prize is delivered without issue, we will have to collect and use personal data such as your PayPal account name and email.
# The costs necessary for international transfers such as administrative costs, etc. are borne by the organizer. Winners are responsible for their own tax obligations in accordance with the personal income tax policies of their country or region. The actual amount is subject to change, please refer to the laws and regulations and tax policies of your country or region.
# The merchandise being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# Please note that the delivery address cannot be changed after confirmation. In order to provide third-party logistics services for the shipment of your prizes, we will be collecting and using personal information such as your address and contact information. The aforementioned personal information will only be used by us and the third-party shipment service provider. We will not disclose any personal information to other third parties without your prior consent.
# By participating in this event, you authorize HoYoverse to publish and exhibit your works and nickname on public platforms and at official offline events. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Customer Service at genshin_cs@hoyoverse.com.
# You can visit the game's official website for more information on our Privacy Policy. All personal data will be collected and used in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy.<br>https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/company/privacy

==Winners Notice: The "Joyous Summer" Summer Fan Art Contest==
Dear Travelers,<br>The "Joyous Summer" fan art contest has come to a close! We would like to offer our deepest thanks to all the passionately-created works that everyone submitted~ Now, let's all take a look at the prize-winning submissions!

https://hoyo.link/516XDGAd

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}