{{Event Tabs|story=no}}
{{Event
|name              = "Journey to Natlan" - Take part in the event to obtain in-game items or luxurious rewards!
|image             = Journey to Natlan Take part in the event to obtain in-game items or luxurious rewards.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-08-17 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = UTC+8
|time_end          = 2024-08-24 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = UTC+8
|link             = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/125151
|linkname         = Official HoYoverse News
}}
{{Description|The next stop on our journey, Natlan, is approaching. Let's head there together with companions from the three tribes.}}
'''"Journey to Natlan" - Take part in the event to obtain in-game items or luxurious rewards!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.8]].

==Event Details==
===Duration===
* August 17, 2024 – August 24, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results Announcement: August 31, 2024

==How to Participate==
;X (Twitter)
# Click the image below the post and publish a post with "#NatlanImpact," to receive guaranteed in-game item rewards in your notification!
#* [https://x.com/GenshinImpact/status/1824661681907134843 Official Genshin Impact X (Twitter) Post 1]
#* [https://x.com/GenshinImpact/status/1824661430458781801 Official Genshin Impact X (Twitter) Post 2]
#* [https://x.com/GenshinImpact/status/1824661178586378571 Official Genshin Impact X (Twitter) Post 3]
# Like or share 3 "Journey to Natlan" event posts to participate in the raffle, (like and share all of them for one raffle opportunity each) and get a chance to win Natlan merchandise and Amazon gift cards!

;Other Platforms
# In-game item redemption codes will be directly issued in the event posts, and can be redeemed in-game.
# Reply with "#NatlanImpact" in the comments section of the three "Journey to Natlan" posts and share what you are excited to see in Natlan for a chance to win Natlan merchandise and Amazon gift cards!
#* Please note: Only winning users will receive a private message after the event ends.

==Event Rewards==
Natlan Character Stand (Random) ×30
Natlan Chibi Character Tinplate Badge (Random) ×120
A gift card worth 75 USD (100 winners)
(The currency can be selected. Please refer to the prize-winning guide for exchange rates and other details.)
* The above rewards entail the total rewards for all platforms participating in this event. There is no amount of prizes set aside for each platform and region.
* The X platform will automatically draw winners through the event tool, while other platforms will randomly draw winners after the event ends.

==Notes==
# Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked.
# The event is held on multiple platforms, and winning submissions will be selected from across all platforms. The above rewards are the total rewards for all platforms. There is no amount of prizes set aside for each platform and region.
# If the same entry wins on multiple platforms, the prize will be issued according to the platform it was first posted on after final verification (only one prize will be issued).
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' rights (including but not limited to their copyright, trademark rights, and personal rights) are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources and make sure to obtain authorization.
# Rewards will be issued via private message. Please follow the official account and enable private messages.
# Please note that there may be changes to the event content, rules, prize quantity, or termination of the event without prior notice due to force majeure.

;Notes for participating in the X (Twitter) event:
* X accounts that are not set to public are unable to have their post status confirmed and thus are unable to participate in the event.
* If you do not follow the official Genshin Impact account, it will result in the official team being unable to send private messages. Eligibility to receive rewards is thus invalid.
* There may be situations where private messages cannot be sent due to unstable network connections. We are not responsible for issues caused by network connection problems.
* Private messages cannot be delivered to the following X accounts:
* Accounts without information, usernames, avatars, etc.
* Accounts with no interactions on X (posting, reposting, etc.) for a long time.
* Please note that the prize information cannot be changed once submitted.
* The submitted prize information is only used for prize delivery and related content queries.
* Please note that there may be delays in responses if there is a large number of participants in a short period.

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}