{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 14031
|image         = Story Quest Judgment Day.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Rapperia Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Silent Night
|character     = Clorinde
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40
* Complete {{Quest|Masquerade of the Guilty}}
* Complete {{Quest|"The Little Oceanid"}}
* Spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|characters    = Clorinde; Florian; Furina; Lyney; Navia; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Quartier Lyonnais]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Quartier Lyonnais
|next          = Hunters' Gathering
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*325;Mora*22,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*5
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''"Judgment Day"''' is the first part of {{Quest|Silent Night}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the Court of Fontaine: Quartier Lyonnais
# Talk to [[Clorinde]] and [[Navia]]
# Meet up with the others at [[Chioriya Boutique]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|On the streets of the Court of Fontaine, a pair of familiar faces seem to need your help...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Clorinde and Navia in Court of Fontaine{{colon}} Quartier Lyonnais)
:{{A|vo cllq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Do you also see Navia and Clorinde over there?
:{{A|vo cllq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They look like they might have run into some kind of trouble... Let's go check out what's going on!

;(Talk to Clorinde and Navia)
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' ...Still no dice?
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Not at all, and I've asked pretty much everyone in the Court of Fontaine already.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' [[Lynette]]'s ears drooped as soon as she heard that we'd have to be out and about for days on end. And [[Freminet]]... he hid himself under his helmet as soon as he realized there'd be people around that he didn't know.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' What about [[Chiori]] and [[Charlotte]]? I feel like both of them would be more than up to it.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I've asked them already, but they're both pretty busy right now. I just gave the members of the [[Spina di Rosula|Spina]] a few days off, too, so I don't want to bother them, either...
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 03.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Hmm... This is getting pretty difficult.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Navia! Clorinde! What's up?
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh my! Well if it isn't my dear partners! How are you all doing?
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 04.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Ha... Navia!
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Huh? ...Ooh! You mean...
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 05.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Yep, this is our chance...
:{{DIcon}} ...Wh&mdash;What are you going to do!?
:{{DIcon}} We were just passing through...
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you need our help with something...?
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Precisely! My dear partners, we've got a huge problem right now that only you can solve!
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah! For real?
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 06.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Absolutely. We've already exhausted all our other options.
:{{DIcon}} What kind of problem?
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about it...
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon...
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Would you join us, and play "Marechaussee Hunter: Judgment Day"!?
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Marechaussee what now?
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 07.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' It's a new game script by the Tabletop Troupe, a local roleplay adventure club.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ever heard of the Tabletop Troupe? They put out games that allow you to participate in a story and roleplay characters with your friends. I've loved their stuff ever since I was a kid.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds super interesting!
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Clorinde and I are both veteran members of the club. Recently, someone came up with a new script and was looking for people to help playtest it for them.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' And when they asked, of course I couldn't refuse. I mean, come on, a brand new script! Nobody has ever played it before!
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 08.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Mm-hmm. Generally speaking, scripts at that level of development have a lot of issues, but I think this one is pretty solid. The author obviously put a lot of work into the story, and the worldbuilding is also quite credible.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Woah, woah, woah! I know I was the one that handed you the script, but some of us haven't read it yet! No spoilers, please!
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 09.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' ...Anyway, the script calls for a team of four. Ah, yes. We're missing one final player right now.
:{{DIcon}} You were right, that is a big problem!
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' So... you're saying you'll help us out? I knew I could count on you, partner!
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon and {{Traveler}} are kind of a package deal. Is that okay?
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 10.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' That's not a problem. I'll adjust the pace based on the actual number of players and ensure that everyone has a good time.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, {{Traveler}}, what do you think? Wanna play? Paimon will follow your lead.
:{{DIcon}} I always help a friend in need.
:{{DIcon}} Count me in for a great script!
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 11.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Well, that solves our problem. You have our thanks.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Woo-hoo! I'll go grab the script manager from the club right away.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The script manager? Didn't you just say that you gave Clorinde the script?
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 12.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' The club introduced a completely new kind of gameplay for this script.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 13.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' In this iteration, the Game Master's version of the script is incomplete. The script manager provides the next part of the script only after players have completed the current list of objectives.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 14.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' On top of that, in order to increase player immersion, the club has created some of the story's sets and scenes in real life. We'll only know where we should go once the script manager reveals the starting location.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you're right, whoever wrote this script really did put in a lot of work!
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hehe, and it's got a real healthy amount of suspense, right? I mean, even the GM doesn't know how the story will end!
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 15.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I look forward to experiencing it with you all.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 16.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Why don't you go meet up with the others first? They should all be waiting at Chioriya Boutique. I'll come over with the script manager as soon as I find them.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 16.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Sounds good. Remember to always watch where you're going, and don't rush.
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 17.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You say that like I'm six years old or something!
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 navia 18.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm... Let me think, what kind of character should I play this time?
:{{A|vo cllq001 2 clorinde 17.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' ...I just hope you'll pick up some useful skills this time. Oh, and stop trying to "persuade" every animal you come across...
----
;(Approach Chioriya Boutique)
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 clorinde 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Sorry to keep you waiting.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 furina 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Ah, you're back! Huh? And you've got {{Traveler}} and Paimon with you, too.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' What a pleasant surprise. I assume you'll be joining us for the game, then?
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Lyney]]! [[Furina]]! Paimon didn't know you were playing, too! Are you also members of the Tabletop Troupe?
:{{DIcon}} Hey, you two.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hmm, I'm more of a casual member, if anything. I haven't taken part in many formal club activities. Lynette, Freminet, and I play something similar at the [[Hotel Bouffes d'ete]] sometimes, but I'm usually the GM.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Still, I'm sure it'll be fun being a player for the first time. I'm looking forward to it.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 furina 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Well, I'm not a member of the club at all. Clorinde simply woke me up first thing this morning, said there was a good script worth experiencing, and asked if I wanted in.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 clorinde 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' If you're interested, I can give you a referral. That should give you a 40% discount on membership fees.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 furina 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I think I'll wait to see how this experience plays out first, especially when it comes to the quality of the script. If it's sufficiently fun, then I'll join.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you participate in a lot of Tabletop Troupe activities, Clorinde?
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' You could say that. She's actually one of the few "Senior Game Masters" of the Troupe.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 furina 04.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Ah, right. I knew about that even when she was still my subordinate.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 clorinde 03.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' ...It's nothing, really. Just a small hobby of mine.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Paimon's so used to seeing you be all upstanding and intimidating as the [[Champion Duelist]]. It's kinda hard to imagine you roleplaying with a bunch of friends...
:{{DIcon}} So, if we have a problem with any of the rules...
:{{DIcon}} Do we have to submit a duel request to you...?
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 clorinde 04.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Surely you jest. I would never intentionally make things difficult for my players.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 clorinde 05.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I maintain a clear boundary between my professional and personal lives. The me you see at court represents the law and order of Fontaine. I put all personal feelings to the side and grant a fair duel to all who seek to defend their honor.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 clorinde 06.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' But in my personal life, I'm just an ordinary person &mdash; someone who feels anger and sadness, just like everyone else.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 furina 05.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Well, you say that, but for all the time I've known you, I don't think I've ever seen you cry... I've seen you get angry, sure, but... now I'm wondering whether you were actually mad or if it just looked that way from the outside?
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 clorinde 07.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I was probably in work mode during those times.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 furina 06.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Is that so? Well, in any case, I just feel like even in your personal life, you don't get emotional very often.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 clorinde 08.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' So, you want to see me cry? That might be a little difficult. A show of anger, though... That might be something I could accomplish.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 furina 07.ogg}} '''Furina:''' N&mdash;No, that's not what I meant...
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'm back! Here, allow me to introduce you to the script manager, Mr. [[Florian]]!
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 florian 01.ogg}} '''Florian:''' Pleasure to meet you all.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello! Wait, are you a Champion Duelist too, Mr. Florian?
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 florian 02.ogg}} '''Florian:''' Oh, no. This is just the costume provided by the club. I occasionally play a few roles in my scripts.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' That sounds like a lot of work.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 florian 03.ogg}} '''Florian:''' It's nothing. It's the least we can do to give the players a more immersive experience.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 florian 04.ogg}} '''Florian:''' Anyway, allow me to give you a brief introduction of the script&mdash;
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 florian 05.ogg}} '''Florian:''' This script was adapted from the real history of the [[Marechaussee Phantom|Marechaussee Hunter]]s. You all will play the role of Hunters from a bygone era, and resolve a series of events unfolding in the capital.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Erm... Paimon's not super familiar with the history of the Marechaussee Hunters. Is that a problem...?
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 florian 06.ogg}} '''Florian:''' Oh, no problem at all. I can give you a brief run down. So, basically, Marechaussee Hunters were people who dedicated themselves to hunting monsters and protecting the city by using a special swordsmanship technique passed down over generations.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 florian 07.ogg}} '''Florian:''' Their story can be traced back to the ancient [[Remuria]]n dynasty, as well as the first hunter, [[Cassiodor]]...
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 florian 08.ogg}} '''Florian:''' But, I'll leave the finer details for you to seek out and discover later.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 clorinde 09.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Mhm, and I'll provide additional commentary as the story progresses.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 florian 09.ogg}} '''Florian:''' In that case... Ahem! Brave hunters, are you ready to set out on an unknown adventure?
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Just one sentence, and it's like we're in the story already!
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 florian 10.ogg}} '''Florian:''' Aha, I see many a determined gaze before me. Very well. Head over to this location, and begin your heroic journey!
:{{Color|menu|Florian hands Clorinde an envelope before leaving.}}
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 furina 08.ogg}} '''Furina:''' So as we follow the story, it leads us to specific scenes? Sounds pretty innovative. What does the message in the envelope say?
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 clorinde 10.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' It's the exact location of the scene, as well as the formal permission to use the venue. Seems like they have everything prepared.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 clorinde 11.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Please check all your belongings, everyone, and make sure you haven't forgotten anything. Once you're ready, please follow me to the designated location.
:{{A|vo cllq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds good! Hunter squad, move out!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = "Judgment Day"
|zhs      = 「审判之时」
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 「審判之時」
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 「審判の時」
|ja_rm    = "Shinpan no Toki"
|ja_tl    = "Moment of Judgment"
|ko       = 「심판의 시간」
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = “Día del juicio”
|es_tl    = "Judgment Day"
|fr       = Le jour du jugement
|fr_tl    = Judgment Day
|ru       = Час правосудия
|ru_tl    = Hour of Justice
|th       = "เวลาแห่งการพิพากษา"
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = "Thời Khắc Phán Quyết"
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = „Tag des Gerichts“
|de_tl    = "Judgment Day"
|id       = "Hari Penghakiman"
|id_tl    = "Judgment Day"
|pt       = "Hora do Julgamento"
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = "Kıyamet Günü"
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = "Giorno del giudizio"
|it_tl    = "Judgment Day"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}