{{Event
|name              = "Kreideprinz" Albedo Sticker Contest Event
|image             = Kreideprinz Albedo Sticker Contest Event.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-11-24 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-12-07 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/77
}}
'''"Kreideprinz" Albedo Sticker Contest Event''' is a Web [[Event]] in [[Version 2.3]].

==Event Duration==
* November 24, 2021 – December 7, 2021 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results: December 23

==How to Participate==
# Create emoji sticker fan art based on the theme of Albedo.
# Click on the "Post Image" button on the event page to submit your work.
# Traveler participation is deemed successful once the two steps above are completed~

==Event Rewards==
* Creativity Bundle (5 Winners)
** Primogems ×500 + "City of Winds and Idylls" CD Set ×1 + Random Themed Mouse Mat ×1
* Popularity Bundle (10 Winners)
** Primogems ×800 + Albedo Character Stand ×1 + Albedo Character Badge ×1 + Albedo Chibi Keychain ×1 + Albedo Chibi Badge ×1 + Random Themed Mouse Mat ×1
* Rising Star Bundle (15 Winners)
** Albedo Character Stand ×1 + Albedo Character Badge ×1 + Albedo Chibi Keychain ×1 + Albedo Chibi Badge ×1

Of all eligible submissions, they will:
* Select five best works and award each of their creators with the Creativity Bundle.
* Select 10 of the most popular works and award each of their creators with a Popularity Bundle.
* Select 15 excellent works and award each of their creators with a Rising Star Bundle.

==Notes==
# Please submit emoji sticker fan art based on the theme of Albedo (though in-game screenshots, pictures of real people, and previously submitted works will be deemed invalid).
# Image submissions should be JPGs, PNGs, or GIFs with file sizes under 10 MB, and must be recently created (within one month). Please also include pictures of your works-in-progress together with your finished work(s).
# Travelers can post a maximum of five submissions, each submission can only consist of a single image, and each submission cannot be submitted twice. If a Traveler submitted multiple entries, only the highest prize will be awarded.
# Works of the following nature will be removed by our staff: uncolored sketches, illegal content, content that does not conform to the original setting, works that plagiarize or defraud the work of other creators, those with no relation to Genshin Impact, works that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game or its characters.
# Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. They ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.

==Event FAQ==
Q1: Can PlayStation players participate in the event?<br>A1: Yes, you can link your account according to the following announcement: https://www.hoyolab.com/article/533197

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

[[pt-br:Concurso de Criação de Emojis do Albedo]]