{{Event
|name              = "Metamorphosis of Wood" Creativity Contest
|image             = Metamorphosis of Wood Creativity Contest.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-09-02 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-09-08 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/7945141
}}
'''"Metamorphosis of Wood" Creativity Contest''' is a Web [[Event]] in [[Version 3.0]].

Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>
The "[[Graven Innocence/Metamorphosis of Wood|Metamorphosis of Wood]]" event is already available in-game, have you started assembling your own Aranara Carvings yet?<br>
Would you like to show us your DIY talent? Come participate in the "Metamorphosis of Wood" Creativity Contest and share your Aranara Carvings~<br>
Travelers who participate successfully will have the opportunity to win Primogems!<br>
I'm really looking forward to seeing your creative ideas!

==Event Duration==
September 2, 2022 – September 8, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Results and Winners List Announcement:<br>
The list of winners will be updated in this event post on September 22, 2022.

==How to Participate==
# Publish a post under the topic "#Metamorphosis of Wood" to show us pictures of the Aranara Carvings on the Display Stand after assembling and placing them. Please include a text to introduce your work and your inspirations.
# You can post comments under other Travelers' event posts and, based on the pictures and text in the post, use your imagination to write a short creative essay about the story behind their Aranara Carvings. There is no limit to the number of words。

Fulfill one of the two conditions above to validate your participation and get a chance to win Primogem rewards!

==Event Rewards==
# Among the participants who will have published a post under the "#Metamorphosis of Wood" topic, we will select 40 "Creative Minds" to offer them each a reward of Primogems ×300.
# In addition, we will select 20 "Brilliant Authors" who successfully left comments in the event to offer them each a reward of Primogems ×300.

==Notes==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# Each participant can only get the Primogems reward in this event once.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner deletes the post or comment of the winning work, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[pt-br:Metamorfose da Madeira]]