{{Event
|name              = Meeting of Light and Shadow Co-Op Photo Submission Contest
|image             = Meeting of Light and Shadow.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-10-25 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-11-21 23:59:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/16629
|link2             = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/17376
|link2name         = Results
}}

==Event Duration==
October 25, 2021 – November 21, 2021 23:59<br />
The list of winners will be announced on the [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/17376 official website] within 10 business days after the end of the event.

==How to Participate==
During the event, you can post your original Co-Op photographs that meet the event submission criteria on Twitter, and you will be considered a successful participant.
*Travelers participating in the event are required to make their account and tweets public

==Submission Criteria==
# The original photograph must be taken with another Traveler in Co-Op Mode. The photos can be taken at any in-game location but each photograph must have a minimum of two characters and a maximum of four characters.
# Account information (Nickname and UID) from the game must be clearly visible in the submission.
# Travelers need to use the event tags #MeetingofLightandShadow and #GenshinImpact when publishing their work as well as tag @ the other Travelers who appear in the photo (if you tag @ more than three Travelers who appear in the photo, only the first three mentions will be counted for prize issuance).
# For the winning original Co-Op photos, every Traveler who participated in the Co-Op photo will receive the same prize (for example, if the work that won the first prize has four participants, then all four of them will get the first prize).
# There is no limitation on the format of the submitted works. Images and GIFs can be submitted to participate in the event.

==Event Rewards==
* First Prize × 1
** Monoceros Caeli Big Plush Cushion ×1 + Primogems ×1,500
*Second Prize × 3
**Genshin Impact Themed Blanket ×1 + Primogems ×600
*Third Prize × 5
**Genshin Impact Mousemat (Random) ×1 + Primogems ×200
*Lucky Prize × 50
**Random Character Hangable ×1 + Random Character Badge ×1

==Notes==
# The publishing of content that violates laws, regulations, or community rules is prohibited. By participating in this event, you agree to have your UID and Nickname published on the event platform.
# Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Please obtain consent from all Travelers who appear on the submitted works. If you fail to do so or if a dispute arises as a result of this, you will be disqualified from receiving the prize.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# This event will be evaluated based on the submission's content, comments, likes, and other factors.
# The list of winners will be announced on the official website within 10 business days after the end of the event. Travelers, please pay attention to the official announcements of the prizes and direct messages in time, and submit the winner information within 10 business days. Failure to submit the information in time will result in the forfeiture of your reward. In-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail within 15 business days after the winners are announced. Merchandise prizes will be delivered to the winning Travelers by mail. Travelers, thank you for your patience while we get your prizes to you.
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources.and make sure to obtain authorization.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

[[es:Encuentros de sombra y luz]]
[[pt-br:O Encontro da Luz e da Sombra]]