{{Enemy Infobox
|image    = Enemy Miasmic Tumor.png
|type     = Quest Bosses
|location = [[Mt. Yougou]], [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|dmgtype  = Electro
|weakpoint = no
}}
The '''"Miasmic Tumor"''' is a unique enemy encountered in the [[Depths of Mt. Yougou]] during the [[Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual]] World Quest as its final boss. Defeating it will complete the quest and reward the player with [[Mask of Memories]].

==Stats==
==="Miasmic Tumor"===
{{Enemy Stats
|hide_notes = 1
|resglobal = 0%
|hp_ratio  = 15
|atk_ratio = 0.4
}}

==="Miasmic Laser"===
{{Enemy Stats
|hide_notes = 1
|hide_res = 1
|hide_hp = 1
|hide_def = 1
|atk_ratio = 5
}}

==Abilities==
''Most attack names are unofficial.''
* '''"Summon Ochimusha":''' Summons [[Ochimusha]] to fight. The number of summoned Ochimusha will gradually increase.
* '''"Miasmic Laser":''' Shoots lasers dealing '''20% Laser's ATK''' as {{Color|Electro DMG}} intermittently on the ground. This ability cannot be used while the tumor is still hanging.
* '''"Miasmic Sphere":''' Shoots several Electro spheres, dealing '''100% ATK''' as {{Color|Electro DMG}}. The number of spheres will gradually increase the longer the fight lasts. It cannot be used while the tumor is on the ground, or before the tumor falls for the first time.

==Strategy==
* It can be helpful to defeat the summoned Ochimusha first, so they will not attack you when you are solving the puzzles.
* Always protect yourself by using the [[Electrograna]], because the fight area is affected by [[Balethunder]]. The rate you should be refreshing your Electrogranum depends on [[Electrogranum#Levels|how many instances of DMG it can block]] as well as any healing you are receiving from character skills.
* After solving the puzzle, you can set up a burst combo before the tumor falls down, therefore reducing the duration of the fight. Note that you cannot gain [[Energy]] by attacking the tumor, so it is important to have your bursts ready before the tumor falls.
<!--
==Gallery==
-->
==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/9G7nUzAOY1A
|caption1 = Defeating Miasmic & Puzzle Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = "Miasmic Tumor"
|zhs     = 「瘴晦瘤」
|zhs_rm  = "Zhàng huì liú"
|zht     = 「瘴晦瘤」
|zht_rm  = "Zhàng huì liú"
|zh_tl   = "Miasmic Dark Tumor"
|ja      = 「瘴気の腫瘍」
|ja_rm   = "Shouki no Shuyou"
|ja_tl   = "Miasmic Tumor"
|ko      = 「{{tt|장독|瘴毒}}의 혹」
|ko_rm   = "Jangdok-ui Hok"
|ko_tl   = "Miasmic Lump"
|es      = Tumor miasmático
|es_tl   = Miasmic Tumor
|fr      = Miasme
|fr_tl   = Miasma
|ru      = «Заразные опухоли»
|ru_tl   = "Contagious Tumors"
|th      = "Miasmic Tumor"
|vi      = "Khối Chướng Khí"
|vi_tl   = "Miasmic Mass"
|de      = „Ansteckende Geschwulst“
|de_tl   = "Contagious Tumor"
|id      = "Miasmic Tumor"
|pt      = "Tumor Miasmático"
|pt_tl   = "Miasmic Tumor"
|tr      = "Kötü Tümör"
|tr_tl   = "Bad Tumor"
|it      = "Tumore miasmatico"
|it_tl   = "Miasmatic Tumor"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Enemy Navbox|Special}}

[[de:„Ansteckende Geschwulst“]]
[[es:Tumor miasmático]]
[[ja:「瘴気の腫瘍」]]
[[pt-br:"Tumor Miasmático"]]
[[vi:"Khối Chướng Khí"]]