{{Event
|name              = "Mountains and Valleys" Photo Contest
|image             = Mountains and Valleys Photo Contest.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-03-31 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-04-14 03:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/20356
}}

Hello, Travelers~<br>The abandoned mining tunnels stretch far and deep, and the muddy depths hide the aura of a giant serpent. Follow the guidance of the Lumenstone and the Blooming Light will wash away the obstacles in the Traveler's journey...
The "Mountains and Valleys" Photo Contest is now open. We are looking forward to your wonderful photographic creations!

==Event Duration==
* March 31, 2022 – April 14, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on May 8.

==How to Participate==
Post an original photographic work on either Facebook, Twitter or Instagram with the hashtags #GenshinImpact and #TheChasm and meet the requirements for participation in the event, and you will be considered a successful participant.
* Travelers participating in the event are required to make their account and posts public

==Submission Criteria==
# The original photo submissions must be taken in The Chasm area.
# Nickname and UID from the game must be clearly visible in the submission.

==Event Rewards==
* First Prize (1 Winner)
** 3,000 Primogems
* Second Prize (3 Winners)
** 1,000 Primogems
* Third Prize (5 Winners)
** 500 Primogems

==Other Details==
# The publishing of content that violates laws, regulations, or community rules is prohibited. By participating in this event, you agree to have your UID and Nickname published on the event platform.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event, but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# This event will be evaluated based on the submission's content, comments, likes, and other factors.
# Your submission will not be entered into the contest if the content does not relate to the event. If the title of your post does not meet the criteria, the winner may be disqualified from receiving the prize.
# If the same entry wins on multiple platforms, the prize will be issued according to the platform it was first posted on after final verification (only one prize will be issued).
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources.and make sure to obtain authorization.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[pt-br:Concurso Fotográfico "Montanhas e Desfiladeiros"]]
[[vi:Sự Kiện Thu Thập Ảnh Chụp "Núi Cao Vực Sâu"]]