{{Item Infobox
|id           = 101765<!--, 101780, 101781-->
|image        = Item "Mushounin" Script.png
|type         = Quest Items
|quality      = 1
|description  = '''Act I Version:'''<br />A new film script that Xavier finished overnight, much thicker than his last one. What you have here merely contains Act I.<br />The willpower one can harness to achieve a goal is truly amazing.<br /><br />'''Act I and II Version:'''<br />A new film script that Xavier finished overnight, much thicker than his last one. What you have here merely contains Acts I and II.<br />The willpower one can harness to achieve a goal is truly amazing.<br /><br />'''Full Version:'''<br />A new film script that Xavier finished overnight, much thicker than his last one.<br />The willpower one can harness to achieve a goal is truly amazing.
|source1      = Obtained during ''[[Mushounin]]''
}}
'''"Mushounin" Script''' is a Quest Item obtained during the [[World Quest]] ''[[Mushounin]]''.

==Text==
Act I<br />
Cast: [[Kurotani Seishimaru]] (Traveler), [[Wakayama Keisuke]] ([[Sasano]]), [[Yano Machiko]] ([[Koharu]])<br />
Inside a restaurant that Seishimaru and Keisuke frequent.

Wakayama Keisuke: It's been a while, Seishimaru.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: I've heard that you're in charge of the Kurotani Clan's affairs now.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Looks like the dust has settled since that incident.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Lord and Lady Kurotani are gone...<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: But you're taking up the mantle as their eldest {{MC|son|daughter|mc=1}} to continue to serve the public.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: I'm sure they would be pleased.<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: {{color|buzzword|Can the dust settle before vengeance is had?}}<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: You? You want to take revenge?<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: We're not children anymore, how can you still be just as impulsive as you were back then?<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: *sigh* With Lord Kurotani's abilities, the investigation never should have gone as wrong as it did.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: But he said himself that he was willing to accept the blame and punishment.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: The punishment from the great lords was indeed harsh...<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: But Lord Kurotani asked for it himself. I fear that there is still much left unsaid here.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Kurotani and Wakayama are both reputable clans.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: You now carry the clan name. You're a samurai in service of the public, not some wandering Nobushi ronin.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: So no matter how angry you are, you must be patient right now. You mustn't seek revenge.<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: What's suspicious is some of the great lords' men!<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: They've been mighty pleased with themselves since my father's death.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: That's your anger clouding your judgment. They didn't necessarily have anything to do with it. Calm down!<br />
Seishimaru looks out the door.<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: {{color|buzzword|Whoever's eavesdropping outside, come on in.}}<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Who are you? Who sent you to listen in on our conversation?<br />
Machiko shows herself.<br />
Yano Machiko: M—My apologies, good samurai, I—I'm just a tea seller, and my name is Machiko.<br />
Yano Machiko: It wasn't my intention to eavesdrop.<br />
Yano Machiko: Seishimaru saved my life yesterday, and {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} didn't ask for rice or money.<br />
Yano Machiko: I just wanted to repay {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} and then go back to selling my tea. I didn't mean any offense, honest!<br />
Keisuke looks at Seishimaru. Seishimaru nods.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: You... Forget it, it's to be expected that a mere tea vendor wouldn't know proper etiquette.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Still, remember to address {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} as "Master Kurotani" from now on.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: You know what? This is quite opportune. The Kurotani Clan needs people, after all.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Why don't you stop selling tea and go with Master Kurotani?<br />
Yano Machiko: I don't wish to call {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} Master Kurotani. Seishimaru has a better ring to it.<br />
Yano Machiko: And well, if I can get my fill of food, then sure! I'll follow Seishimaru.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: ...Do whatever you like. Seishimaru, Lord Kurotani is gone...<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: You're in charge of things now. Don't do anything foolish.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: If you let your temper get the better of you... *sigh* Anyway, what's important is that your family name continues.
Kurotani Seishimaru: {{color|buzzword|It wasn't your adoptive parents who died.}}<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: ...Seriously? Has anything I've said made it through that thick skull of yours?<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Let me ask you this. Will you really raise your blade against the great lords' men without a care for your clan!?<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Do you really wish to bring shame to your lord and disaster upon your family?<br />
Seishimaru remains silent.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Oh, great. This is just great! So no one shall have peace until your rage dissipates, yes?<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Well, since all my efforts to persuade you otherwise have been ineffective, then let me give you the truth straight out.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Now, I've been the head of the Wakayama Clan since my father passed away.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: He served as Lord Kurotani's executioner.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: I know very well that he wronged your family and did great hurt to its name.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: And the execution was a matter of business, yes. But you're still my friend, and I still want to look after your family if at all possible...<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: So, if you still want revenge, I fear I must say that my father is already dead.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Come on then, punish me for his sins instead. I dare you.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: What? Are you hesitating because we are friends?<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Is that the extent of your resolve? Really? You can't even cut ties with me!<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: I was adopted anyway. The family name means nothing to me.<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: Besides, is the good standing of the "Kurotani" name really more important than my parents' lives?<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: Well, I'll show you my resolve. Draw your weapon!<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: Put it and that Temari over there on the table.<br />
Seishimaru closes {{MC|his|her|mc=1}} eyes.<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: I'll close my eyes until you've placed them. Then, I'll extend a finger.<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: If I point at your sword, then we must face each other in battle. If I point at the Temari, then we will sever all the bonds that lie between us.<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: Let us leave this to fate.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Hmph, so be it. We're all set.<br />
The sword is on Seishimaru's left and the Temari is on {{MC|his|her|mc=1}} right. Eyes closed, Seishimaru {{color|buzzword|points to the left}} and then opens {{MC|his|her|mc=1}} eyes.<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: It looks like our destiny has been decided. My life shall be devoted to vengeance. There shall be no rest till one of us is dead.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: Since you've made up your mind, then I must man up as well.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke: I'll carry everything I said before through to the end. I'll be waiting for you.<br />
Wakayama Keisuke leaves.

Act II<br />
Cast: Kurotani Seishimaru (Traveler), Yano Machiko (Koharu), several Nobushi (extras)<br />
Outside, in the overgrown wilderness.

A fight erupts between Seishimaru and the Nobushi, with the former ultimately emerging victorious.<br />
Yamada Hifumi: I told you to get your coin pouch out, but you wouldn't listen! Come, my brothers, get him!<br />
Tanaka: Hehe, you asked for this.<br />
Yamamoto: This one's kinda... tough, boss! I... I can't beat him.

Yano Machiko: Master Seishimaru, Master Seishimaru! I was just out buying onigiri, and you're already in another fight?<br />
Yano Machiko: If you need something, just give the order and I'll do it. There's no need for sword fights.<br />
Yamada Hifumi: Have mercy, good samurai! We don't want your money anymore, please forgive us!<br />
Yano Machiko: Please, enough. You'd even save someone like me, who was caught stealing rice...<br />
Yano Machiko: You're not the sort of person who would so casually take a life.

Act III, Scene I<br />
Cast: Kurotani Seishimaru (Traveler), Yano Machiko (Koharu), [[Wakayama Kojuurou]] (Sasano)<br />
Outside, in the overgrown wilderness.

Yano Machiko: Master Seishimaru, I've found you someone from the Wakayama Clan.<br />
Yano Machiko: But Master Keisuke is already... gone. Please, let this all go.<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: Hmph. So, Kurotani, you must have come for revenge on my brother.<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: Now listen here. Keisuke worked himself to the bone day and night to settle the clan's affairs this entire year...<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: And it was all because of your stupid agreement.<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: {{color|buzzword|So he's gone.}}<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: You're a coward for placing sole blame on your father's executioner!<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: And you won't get your revenge now, no matter how much you want it.<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: You know why? That's because our father's already gone.<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: Kurotani, you didn't have what it took to avenge your adoptive parents, and you wound up hurting Keisuke as well.<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: You don't deserve to be called a samurai.<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: Keisuke once said that executioners must be prepared to suffer retaliation.<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: If you can't even stomach that, then you can forget about charging into battle and taking the lives of others.<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: Since Keisuke isn't here anymore, then I, his younger brother Wakayama Kojuurou, am willing to take his place.<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: {{color|buzzword|I'm sorry, I...}}<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: It's too late for you to flee now. My brother died because of you, and I'll never forgive you or let you go!<br />
Kojuurou raises his spear, and Seishimaru has no choice but to fight him.

Scene II

Kojuurou fights Seishimaru as hard as he can, but Seishimaru wins easily.<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: This is for Keisuke!<br />
Yano Machiko: You're unbelievable. Why are you fighting again? You're both sensible adults, so why are you behaving like children?

Scene III

Kojuurou is defeated and exhausted.<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: As long as you don't kill me, I'll devote my life to seeking revenge, and I won't rest until one of us is dead.<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: {{color|buzzword|I said the same thing once before.}}<br />
Yano Machiko: Well, it's fortunate that no one died. Just give it a rest, both of you!<br />
Yano Machiko: Look at this fuss you're both making...<br />
Yano Machiko: Clan this, revenge that — what about these vague notions is worth all this trouble anyway?<br />
Yano Machiko: Look. I just sell tea. As long as I can eat my fill, I'm happy. I couldn't care less what my last name is!<br />
Yano Machiko: I don't have much of a way with words...<br />
Yano Machiko: But rain falls into the lake, the lake water evaporates, and rain falls from the sky again.<br />
Yano Machiko: Even if that rain water freezes, it will become sweet tea if you heat it over a stove.<br />
Yano Machiko: Who cares whether the tea you were served came from the sky, the lake, or the pot?<br />
Yano Machiko: Um... This might sound like sophistry, I know.<br />
But I'm telling you both to stop this fighting now and so you can go home to eat.<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: {{color|buzzword|I really like you, Machiko.}}<br />
Yano Machiko: Huh? Why would you say that at a time like this? You're embarrassing me...<br />
Yano Machiko: Good grief... Well, I'll just assume you won't fight with Sir Wakayama anymore, then.<br />
Yano Machiko: Turn back, he can't move right now anyway.<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: Since my life is like rain and my death is like tea, both are like water. There is no point clinging on to things like this.<br />
Yano Machiko: Yes, that's right, good!<br />
Kurotani Seishimaru: If rains from the heavens can save the earth from calamity, then surely I can too, right?<br />
Seishimaru jumps from the cliff.<br />
Yano Machiko: Master!<br />
Wakayama Kojuurou: Kurotani!<br />
Ending Image: A Temari by the cliff.<br />
The End.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = "Mushounin" Script
|zhs     = 《无生忍》台本
|zhs_rm  = "Wúshēngrěn" Táiběn
|zht     = 《無生忍》劇本
|zht_rm  = "Wúshēngrěn" Jùběn
|ja      = 『無生忍』台本
|ja_rm   = "Mushounin" Daihon{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 《무생인》 대본
|es      = Guion de «Mushounin» (I)
|fr      = Script de « Mushounin »
|ru      = Сценарий «Мусёнин»
|th      = สคริปต์ "Mushounin"
|th_rm   = Sa-Cript "Mushounin"
|vi      = Kịch Bản "Mushounin"
|de      = Skript für „Mushounin“
|id      = Naskah "Mushounin"
|pt      = Roteiro de "Mushounin"
|tr      = "Mushounin" Senaryosu
|it      = Copione di Mushounin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}