{{Food Infobox
|id              = 108244
|description     = is Crab Roe Tofu done to an incredible degree of regularity. Its dimensions and flavor are all faithfully rendered according to the "Crab Roe Tofu Laws" in the recipe, with not a single letter omitted.
|type            = Recovery Dishes
|effectType      = Revive
|effect          = Revives a character and restores '''15'''% of Max HP, then restores an additional '''550''' HP.
|eff_att1        = Revive
|eff_att2        = HP Restore
|eff_att3        = HP Restore Percent
|eff_att4        = HP Restore Fixed
|rarity          = 2
|character       = Yanfei
|base            = Crab Roe Tofu
|nodot           = 1
}}
'''"My Way"''' is a [[:Category:Special Dishes|special]] [[food]] item that the player has a chance to obtain by cooking [[Crab Roe Tofu]] with [[Yanfei]]. The [[recipe]] for Crab Roe Tofu is obtainable from [[Wanmin Restaurant]] for 2,250 [[Mora]].

"My Way" revives and restores '''15'''% of Max HP, then restores an additional '''550''' HP to the target fallen character with a 120-second cooldown. Like most foods, this can not target other players' characters in [[Co-Op Mode]].

==Recipe==
{{Recipe
|type = Cooking
|character = Yanfei
|Tofu = 1
|Crab Roe = 1
|sort = Crab Roe,Tofu
}}

==Trivia==
* The following birthday mails included "My Way":
** [[Birthday/Yanfei#Say...|Yanfei's 2021 Birthday Mail]] (1 "My Way")
** [[Birthday/Yanfei#Date...|Yanfei's 2022 Birthday Mail]] (1 "My Way")
*To celebrate Yanfei's birthday, the [[Teyvat Food Notes]] released a [https://ys.mihoyo.com/main/news/detail/16728 real-life recipe] for Crab Roe Tofu and "My Way."
*The Chinese name of the dish {{Lang|''"Zì Yǒu Fāng Yuán"''|zh=「自有方圆」}} probably means "Naturally There Shall Be Order," implying since she is devoted to protect the fairness of contracts and rules, she believes the order of the society will be peacefully maintained (see also the below proverb). It may therefore show Yanfei's respect for law and order.
**{{Lang|''Fāng-Yuán''|zh=方圆}} literally means "squares and circles." There is a Chinese proverb {{Lang|"without a pair of compasses and a ruler, no one can form squares and circles."|zh=没有规矩，不成方圆}}, a variation of a quote from the Confucian classic ''{{w|Mencius (book)|Mencius}}'', written around the late 4th century BC.<ref>Sogou Encyclopedia: [https://baike.sogou.com/v100796.htm 没有规矩不成方圆]</ref> It figuratively means "without rules, there will be no order." It is entertaining that Yanfei cooked this dish as if she used a physical set of a pair of compasses and a ruler.
**Alternatively, the Chinese name can mean "Private Rules" or "My Own Way" (close to the English name). The official recipe by miHoYo, however, says Yanfei drew an inspiration probably from a law book.<ref>HoYoverse Chinese News: [https://ys.mihoyo.com/main/news/detail/16728 Teyvat Food Notes]<br />''自有方圆，规整无比，灵感大概也是来源于烟绯手中的那本律法书吧。''</ref> Therefore, it is more plausible that the name reflects her inclination toward the law, rather than her own personal beliefs.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = "My Way"
|zhs     = 「自有方圆」
|zhs_rm  = "Zì Yǒu Fāngyuán"
|zht     = 「自有方圓」
|zht_rm  = "Zì Yǒu Fāngyuán"
|zh_tl   = "Principles Within"
|zh_note = {{lang|mini=1|zh=方圆|zh_rm=fāngyuán|zh_lit=square and round}} is a ''{{w|chéngyǔ}}'' for principles and methods.
|ja      = 「法律ここにあり」
|ja_rm   = "Houritsu Koko ni Ari"
|ja_tl   = "The Law is Here"
|ko      = 「나름의 규칙」
|ko_rm   = "Nareum-ui Gyuchik"
|ko_tl   = "Depending on Rule"
|es      = A mi manera
|es_tl   = My Way
|fr      = « À ma façon »
|fr_tl   = "In My Own Way"
|ru      = «Особое мнение»
|ru_tl   = "Dissenting Opinion"
|th      = "My Way"
|vi      = "Chuẩn Khuôn Khổ"
|vi_tl   = "Stereotype"
|de      = „Mein Kreis, der hat vier Ecken“
|de_tl   = "My Circle, It Has Four Corners"
|de_note = This is likely based on the song {{w|My Hat, It Has Three Corners}}, which is a popular children's song in Germany.
|id      = "My Way"
|pt      = "Meu Jeito"
|pt_tl   = "My Way"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Food Navbox|type=Special Dishes}}

[[es:A mi manera]]
[[ru:«Особое мнение»]]
[[fr:« À ma façon »]]
[[pt-br:"Meu Jeito"]]
[[th:"My Way"]]