{{Book Infobox
|image       = Book Of Mountains and Seas.png
|type        = Quest Items
|description = '''Original:''' Notes penned by [[Leonard]], an adventurer from the distant past. Clearly an ancient text, it has suffered much wear and tear. Most of the content has been lost to the ravages of time, with just a few fragments remaining.<br />
'''After decipering:''' Notes penned by Leonard, an adventurer from antiquity. Most ancient indeed. Mona has used her astrology to interpret its tattered contents and restore them.
|rarity      = 0
|source1     = [[Where Ancient Stars Align]]
}}
'''"Of Mountains and Seas"''' is a Quest Item found in the [[Unreconciled Stars]] quest ''[[Where Ancient Stars Align]]''. This book is found in the corner of the Mondstadt Library, and is heavily obfuscated before [[Mona]] examines it.

__TOC__

==Original Text==
...

Thanks {{Obf|to help from Venerare and...}} I {{Obf|was finally able to get across... and make it to this mountain peak...}}

{{Obf|The peak is the}} tallest {{Obf|around, and the most}} dangerous. Forgive my {{Obf|lack of a more poetic description, but from its}} appearance {{Obf|it would be apt to name it something like "Pilos Peak." But after a simple survey of the terrain, I found that maybe I could use a rope and stakes to}} climb {{Obf|up from the east face}}, {{Obf|then use the}} wind {{Obf|to throw a hook to...}} and then{{Obf|...}}

...

{{Obf|None of the}} young folks {{Obf|were willing to join me in climbing}} this mountain. Some were {{Obf|originally eager to give it a try, but were scared off the idea by the older adventurers. "It is a nightmare from which you cannot awaken,"}} they {{Obf|would all say. The failures of those who came before them turned their hearts old before their time, and weakened their resolve. But I am not old yet. My}} body and mind {{Obf|are in}} perfectly {{Obf|good shape, and Pilos Peak is just}} the next mountain {{Obf|on my list of}} challenges {{Obf|to conquer.}}

...

Good news! Alrik {{Obf|has agreed to}} climb the mountain {{Obf|with me. I knew I'd find a}} kindred spirit {{Obf|eventually!}}

...

I {{Obf|really underestimated this mountain.}} Not until {{Obf|I tried to}} climb it {{Obf|did I realize, there is}} really {{Obf|no way up. It is like some sort of mysterious}} gemstone, carved {{Obf|to perfection, flawlessly smooth, stood there}} towering {{Obf|in all its glory... I hope the}} food supplies {{Obf|that}} the tribe {{Obf|furnished me with will be}} sufficient {{Obf|to see me to the top.}}

...

Another {{Obf|injury. My}} leg {{Obf|is in a very}} bad shape, {{Obf|and I have}} two {{Obf|frostbitten}} fingers {{Obf|on my left hand. At least my}} right hand {{Obf|is intact. I think it will take me months to}} recover {{Obf|fully,}} but now {{Obf|is not the time to}} give up.

...

{{Obf|Bad news. Today,}} Alrik {{Obf|met his}} limit. {{Obf|He was}} too old {{Obf|and he physically could not cope with the}} bitterly cold {{Obf|snowstorms and the relentlessly steep terrain this far up the mountain. I held a brief}} funeral for him, {{Obf|and buried a bottle of his favorite}} wine {{Obf|alongside him.}} Just me {{Obf|left now. The}} blizzard {{Obf|shows}} no sign of stopping, {{Obf|so I must continue my climb while I can, lest the rocks}} freeze over{{Obf|...}}

...

{{Obf|I}} broke {{Obf|my leg}} again {{Obf|but fortunately it was just a minor}} fracture. {{Obf|I barely escaped being blown into}} oblivion {{Obf|by a}} barrage of hailstones {{Obf|from this blizzard.}} Somehow, {{Obf|I}} avoided {{Obf|certain death by}} clinging {{Obf|for dear life to some sharp rocks and}} finally clawing {{Obf|my way}} back onto {{Obf|the cliff face. With much difficulty, I think I have found a way}} down the mountain{{Obf|...}}<br />
{{Obf|If I had been thrown against that}} wall of ice {{Obf|or become trapped in a}} crevice, {{Obf|I fear that my}} luck {{Obf|would have}} run out{{Obf|... This time it has opened an old wound. I am afraid I will not be able to climb for at least}} a year {{Obf|after this...}}

...

{{Obf|The}} sky {{Obf|is}} so blue {{Obf|I do not expect another}} snowstorm {{Obf|for at least}} a few days. I saw {{Obf|a falcon flying straight up into the clouds,}} very close {{Obf|to the}} peak {{Obf|of the mountain &mdash; the place so high up that I}} cannot reach {{Obf|it.}}

{{Obf|If only I could soar into the}} sky {{Obf|just like that}} falcon{{Obf|...}}

Just {{Obf|like the baby eagles from the fairy tale, who learned to fly at the}} summit {{Obf|of a tall}} mountain{{Obf|...}}

...

==Deciphered Text==
...

Thanks to help from [[Venerare]] and... [[Leonard|I]] was finally able to get across... and make it to this [[Pilos Peak|mountain peak]]...

The peak is the tallest around, and the most dangerous. Forgive my lack of a more poetic description, but from its appearance it would be apt to name it something like "Pilos Peak." But after a simple survey of the terrain, I found that maybe I could use a rope and stakes to climb up from the east face, then use the wind to throw a hook to... and then...

...

None of the young folks were willing to join me in climbing this mountain. Some were originally eager to give it a try, but were scared off the idea by the older adventurers. "It is a nightmare from which you cannot awaken," they would all say. The failures of those who came before them turned their hearts old before their time, and weakened their resolve. But I am not old yet. My body and mind are in perfectly good shape, and Pilos Peak is just the next mountain on my list of challenges to conquer.

...

Good news! Alrik has agreed to climb the mountain with me. I knew I'd find a kindred spirit eventually!

...

I really underestimated this mountain. Not until I tried to climb it did I realize, there is really no way up. It is like some sort of mysterious gemstone, carved to perfection, flawlessly smooth, stood there towering in all its glory... I hope the food supplies that the tribe furnished me with will be sufficient to see me to the top.

...

Another injury. My leg is in a very bad shape, and I have two frostbitten fingers on my left hand. At least my right hand is intact. I think it will take me months to recover fully, but now is not the time to give up.

...

Bad news. Today, Alrik met his limit. He was too old, and he physically could not cope with the bitterly cold snowstorms and the relentlessly steep terrain this far up the mountain. I held a brief funeral for him, and buried a bottle of his favorite wine alongside him. Just me left now. The blizzard shows no sign of stopping, so I must continue my climb while I can, lest the rocks freeze over...

...

I broke my leg again, but fortunately it was just a minor fracture. I barely escaped being blown into oblivion by a barrage of hailstones from this blizzard. Somehow, I avoided certain death by clinging for dear life to some sharp rocks and finally clawing my way back onto the cliff face. With much difficulty, I think I have found a way down the mountain...<br />
If I had been thrown against that wall of ice or become trapped in a crevice, I fear that my luck would have run out... This time it has opened an old wound. I am afraid I will not be able to climb for at least a year after this...

...

The sky is so blue. I do not expect another snowstorm for at least a few days. I saw a falcon flying straight up into the clouds, very close to the peak of the mountain &mdash; the place so high up that I cannot reach it.

If only I could soar into the sky, just like that falcon...

Just like the baby eagles from the [[Wind, Courage, and Wings (Book)|fairy tale]], who learned to fly at the summit of a tall mountain...

...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = "Of Mountains and Seas"
|zhs     = 山与海之书
|zhs_rm  = Shān yǔ Hǎi zhī Shū
|zht     = 山與海之書
|zht_rm  = Shān yǔ Hǎi zhī Shū
|zh_tl   = Book of Mountains and Seas
|ja      = 山と海の書
|ja_rm   = Yama to umi no sho
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 산과 바다의 책
|ko_rm   = Sangwa Bada-ui Chaek
|ko_tl   = Book of Mountains and Seas
|es      = Compendio de montañas y océanos
|es_tl   = Compendium Of Mountains And Oceans
|fr      = Aventures en montagne et en mer
|fr_tl   = Adventures in the Mountains and At Sea
|ru      = Книга гор и морей
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = หนังสือแห่งทะเลและขุนเขา
|th_rm   = Nangsue haeng Thale lae Khun Khao
|th_tl   = Book of Seas and Great Mountains
|vi      = Cuốn Sơn Hải
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Von den Bergen und der See
|de_tl   = Of Mountains and the Sea
|id      = Tentang Gunung dan Laut
|id_tl   = About Mountains and Seas
|pt      = Livro das Montanhas e dos Mares
|pt_tl   = Book of the Mountains and the Seas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[pt-br:Livro das Montanhas e dos Mares]]