{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest "Outlander Brigade!".png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Film Notes
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [["The Seventh Samurai"]]
|characters    = Furuta; Koharu; Okazaki Rikuto; Paimon; Sasano;  Traveler; Xavier
|startLocation = [[Kamisato Estate]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|next          = [[Mushounin]]
|exp           = 200
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
}}
'''"Outlander Brigade!"''' is the first quest in the [[Film Notes]] World Quest series.

==Steps==
Talk to [[Furuta]] at [[Kamisato Estate]] to receive the quest.
# Look for [[Xavier]].
# Learn about the progress of Xavier's film shoot
# Talk to Xavier to begin the shoot.
#*Choose the first option for all dialogues.
#* Complete the "Act I, Scene II" film shoot within 2 minutes.
#*Follow the signs
#*"Bandits" Defeated 0/5
#**Wave 1:
#***{{Enemy|Nobushi: Hitsukeban|x=2}}
#**Wave 2:
#***{{Enemy|Nobushi: Jintouban|x=2}}
#**Wave 3:
#***{{Enemy|Kairagi: Fiery Might|x=1}}
#*Rescued 0/2
# Talk to Xavier
# Go to [[Uyuu Restaurant]].
# Leave Uyuu Restaurant.

==Notes==
* [[Co-Op Mode]] will be locked when filming the shoot.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Xavier seems to be busy shooting a new film...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Furuta:''' Oh, hello. It's been a while since I saw you last.
:{{DIcon}} I come here often, actually.
::'''Furuta:''' Is that so? I must be getting on in years. My memory just isn't what it used to be.
:{{DIcon}} It's true, I haven't been back for a while now.
::'''Furuta:''' Haha, I knew it. Now, I may be getting on in years and losing my memory, but at least I didn't forget that.
:'''Furuta:''' Ah me! Not only is my memory like a sieve, but I'm finding myself more and more puzzled by what the younger folk are interested in.
:'''Furuta:''' Before, a young'un from Fontaine came here, saying that he was making a "film," and chatted on and on with the master of the house.
:'''Furuta:''' Goodness, and he kept saying, um... "Dear." Throwing around a word like that all willy-nilly, does he have no shame?
:{{DIcon}} I think I know this person.
:{{DIcon}} Was his name Xavier?
:'''Furuta:''' Yes, that's him! He mentioned you as well.
:'''Furuta:''' It sounded like he had received funds from the Tenryou Commission and finally managed to make a film, but the commission wasn't satisfied with the result.
:'''Furuta:''' But he wanted to stick with it, so he came to us, the commission in charge of the humanities and arts, for help.
:'''Furuta:''' I didn't expect the master to agree to this, let alone to send Koharu to help. Is this film really so interesting? This is all completely beyond me.
:'''Furuta:''' Still, since the master agreed, I should not pass judgment as a mere butler.
:'''Furuta:''' But after thinking it over, I'm still worried about Koharu.
:{{DIcon}} Worried?
:{{DIcon}} About Koharu?
:'''Furuta:''' That's right. I can tell that Koharu isn't too fond of this jabbering outlander.
:'''Furuta:''' She's always strictly obeyed the commands of the master and lady and would never deliberately disobey an order, but that child lacks training and composure.
:'''Furuta:''' That outlander is a bit too... unreserved. If he ruffles Koharu's feathers and she can't restrain herself again, there'll be trouble.
:'''Furuta:''' Koharu's training hasn't been brief by any means, and while her skills are far from perfect, she could easily knock someone lacking in fighting skills out.
:{{DIcon}} Training? Knock out?
:{{DIcon}} Isn't Koharu a servant of the Kamisato Clan?

:{{DIcon}} Who is Koharu, anyway?
:{{DIcon}} And who might you be, may I ask?
::'''Furuta:''' Hehe, back in the day, I would track thieves practically day and night, clean up Nvillain Nobushi, things like that. It was a cinch.
::'''Furuta:''' These old bones can't manage that anymore though, so I just spend my days cleaning the house. Still, the years haven't been forgiving to my aching back.
:'''Furuta:''' Well, who do you think Koharu and I are?
:'''Furuta:''' Whatever answer you have in mind, all you need to know is that we're absolutely loyal to the Yashiro Commission and the Kamisato Clan.
:'''Furuta:''' Since you know the boy and have earned the trust of the entire house, a humble housekeeper such as myself is naturally at ease when it comes to you.
:'''Furuta:''' If you could find the time to go see how that film is coming along, I'd be eternally grateful.
:{{DIcon}} Sure thing.
:'''Furuta:''' I seem to recall that he took a group of people to an island south of here. Anyway, thanks for letting me talk your ear off for this long.
:'''Furuta:''' Please come back when you have the time. The entire house would be honored.

;(Talk to Furuta again)
:'''Furuta:''' Koharu can be quite stubborn. If she really does fail to control herself...
:'''Furuta:''' Ah, I just hope that the training I've given her will not go to waste.

----

;(Look for Xavier and learn about the progress of his film shoot)
:'''Sasano:''' This is the 11th time. I just don't get it.
:'''Koharu:''' Ugh... Just say it. What was the problem this time?
:'''Xavier:''' The problem this time, Ms. Koharu, is that your performance just now was completely passionless.
:'''Xavier:''' When I wrote those lines, my heart was bursting with an... an empty yet fervent passion, yes, empty yet fervent.
:'''Xavier:''' I need you to be more patient. Use your voice to express this rich emotion.
:'''Koharu:''' Huh? An "empty yet fervent passion"? What does that even mean?
:'''Sasano:''' Wait a minute, didn't the casting call say that the script was written by a famous writer?
:'''Xavier:''' That's absolutely right! This story was adapted from a novel written by the renowned author Kayabuki Ikkei. And who adapted it, you might ask? None other than myself.
:'''Xavier:''' Ms. Koharu, Mr. Sasano, I am very sorry for making you both go over this so many times.
:'''Xavier:''' But it's all worth it for the sake of artistic perfection. As such, I hope that...
:'''Sasano:''' Hold on, I only know one Kayabuki Ikkei, and everything he submitted to the Yae Publishing House always got rejected.
:'''Sasano:''' But he wouldn't accept that, so he started publishing his own novels, but not a single one sold in the end.
:'''Sasano:''' Don't tell me that we've been put through the wringer 11 times for something that guy wrote?
:'''Koharu:''' Argh! I've had enough of this nonsense!
:'''Paimon:''' Err, that doesn't look good. Seems like Koharu's seconds away from flying off the handle.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go say hello.
:'''Paimon:''' Um... So, Xavier, are you guys filming?
:{{DIcon}} Long time no see.
:'''Xavier:''' Oh, (Traveler) and Paimon, my dear friends! How marvelous it is to see familiar faces at a time like this.
:'''Xavier:''' As you can see, following "The Seventh Samurai," I finally came up with a way to secure the necessary resources to shoot another film.
:'''Xavier:''' The lead role hasn't been decided yet, but thanks to Lord Kamisato's generosity, the funds, props, and nearly all the other early-stage problems have already been taken care of.
:'''Xavier:''' If you don't mind, could I ask if you maybe, possibly, at all remember our agreement from before?
:{{DIcon}} I remember.
:{{DIcon}} What agreement?
::'''Xavier:''' Ah, of course, of course &mdash; it's already been a long time since then, after all. You must've had many other important matters to take care of, so it's completely understandable that our first meeting didn't leave an impression.
::'''Xavier:''' Don't worry, I'm not surprised or disappointed. Really.
:'''Koharu:''' Eh, (Traveler)'s a friend of the Yashiro Commissioner. So you all know each other?
:'''Xavier:''' That's right, (Traveler) was the first friend I made in Inazuma. The Fatui who dumped a bunch of work on me and those non-communicative samurai don't count.
:'''Koharu:''' If you made friends with (Traveler), I guess you can't be all bad.
:'''Sasano:''' Well, it seems like Xavier's got some chops after all...
:{{DIcon}} We're very good friends.
:'''Xavier:''' You really think so? Even though I've never said so, I for my part have considered you a true friend right from the start.
:'''Xavier:''' You aren't just my "dear friend," you're my esteemed, reliable, true friend.
:{{DIcon}} Since we're friends...
:{{DIcon}} You don't have to call me any of that.
:'''Xavier:''' Of course, of course! And here you are right at this most dire moment, like an oasis in the deserts of Sumeru &mdash; precious and timely.
:'''Xavier:''' Well, so long as, as per our previous agreement, you remain willing to play the role of the (male/female) lead in my new film.
:'''Xavier:''' So, what do you say? Will you be my... (male/female) lead?
:{{DIcon}} I would be honored.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon can attest to (Traveler)'s ability to improvise! We've traveled together long enough, after all!
:'''Paimon:''' Getting (him/her) to be the main character is definitely a win for you, Xavier.
:'''Xavier:''' Absolutely! I have no doubt of that. Well then, (Mr./Miss) (Traveler), here are the scripts for the next two scenes.
:'''Xavier:''' Your scenes are Act I, Scene II and III. {{color|buzzword|I've highlighted your lines, so please take note of them}}.
:'''Sasano:''' Well, it took this much effort to find the right person for the lead role... I might as well give this one more try.
:'''Koharu:''' Ugh... Fine, then I will too.
:'''Paimon:''' Everything looks so official! Paimon's looking forward to watching your performance, (Traveler). Hee-hee~
;(Opens '''"Outlander Brigade<nowiki>:</nowiki> When the Wind of Death Blew Towards the Blond Samurai" Script)
::Prelude
::Outside in the quiet countryside.
::In the verdant wilds of Narukami, Haru and Sasano stand back to back, each speaking with their eyes closed.
::Sasano: The wind is coming.
::Haru: Where from?
::Sasano: Don't worry about where it's coming from, all you need to know is that it's coming for them.
::Haru: Where are they?
::Sasano: That outlander? They're already walking the path to death.
::Sasano opens his eyes, then walks into the distance holding Haru's hand.
::&nbsp;
::Act I, Scene II
::Outside in the quiet countryside.
::The outlander and the two are besieged by the enemy. After escaping with great difficulty, they arrive in the countryside, wounded. (The outlander isn't bleeding)
::Sasano: This won't do. If this continues, we won't have a chance against them.
::Haru: We'll have to sacrifice ourselves.
::The two rush out of the frame.
::Outlander: {{color|buzzword|How did this happen?}}
::The outlander wears a pained expression, but soon makes up their mind again.
::Outlander: {{color|buzzword|But I won't lose like this.}} (Close-Up)
::Outlander: {{color|buzzword|Don't underestimate my resolve!}} (Super Close-Up)
::The outlander turns and walks back towards the enemy ranks as the screen fades to black. Next scene.
::&nbsp;
::Act I, Scene III
::Outdoors, the enemy stronghold.
::After making up their mind, the outlander cuts their way to the enemy stronghold.
::Haru: (Desperately) Don't worry about us!
::Sasano: (Impatiently and loudly) Hurry, go on without us!
::The outlander spins around, continuously swinging their weapon. Through this endless rotation, this warrior becomes a golden whirlwind! The golden whirlwind covers every inch of the frame.
::Each enemy caught in the golden whirlwind's endless attacks suffers pain immeasurably worse than that of tooth decay!
::The golden whirlwind rapidly flings all enemies on screen into the distance, where they land hard on the ground!
::The outlander finally reaches the imprisoned Sasano and Haru, freeing them.

;(Talk to Sasano)
:'''Sasano:''' You sure are straightforward.
:'''Sasano:''' It's not like I want to make things difficult for Mr. Xavier... *sigh* Anyway, I hope you won't have to do it 11 times over like we had to.

;(Talk to Xavier)
:'''Koharu:''' Excuse me, but did you come to oversee the filming at my master's request?
:{{DIcon}} It was Furuta who was a little worried about you.
:'''Koharu:''' She was? I, uh... I guess I've not grown up enough yet if I'm still making her worry.

;(Talk to Xavier to begin the shoot)
:'''Xavier:''' Well, if you're ready, we can go ahead and begin a test shot.
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready.
::'''Xavier:''' Good, good! Then let's begin.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not ready yet.
::'''Xavier:''' No problem at all. We still have time. Let's begin once you're ready.

----

;(Complete the "Act I, Scene II" film shoot)
:'''Sasano:''' This won't do. If this continues, we won't have a chance against... them.
:'''Xavier:''' Smoother, Mr. Sasano, smoother!
:'''Sasano:''' (These lines are just so awkward, though.)
:'''Koharu:''' We'll have to sacrifice ourselves.
:'''Xavier:''' With feeling, Ms. Koharu! Once more with feeling!
:'''Koharu:''' (...)
:{{DIcon}} How did this happen?
::{{DIcon}} But I won't lose like this.
:::{{DIcon}} Don't underestimate my resolve!
::::'''Xavier:''' Very nice! Excellent performance, (Traveler).
::::'''Xavier:''' Mr. Sasano, Ms. Koharu, you two need to go over our script. The next scene is between you two. We need to do better than this!
::::'''Xavier:''' (Traveler), we have a lot of battle scenes up next, so you'll need to complete them with the extras.
::::'''Xavier:''' Try to use the flashiest moves you can. I have a lot of faith in your abilities &mdash; I know your performance will be stellar.
:::{{DIcon}} Do you sell food here?
::::'''Xavier:''' No, no, no, that's not the line here! Do you still remember it?
::::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need a little more time to memorize your lines.
:::;(Film shoot fails)
:::{{DIcon}} Thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen!
::::'''Xavier:''' No, no, no, that's not the line here! Do you still remember it?
::::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need a little more time to memorize your lines.
:::;(Film shoot fails)
::{{DIcon}} But the script really is kind of awkward.
:::'''Xavier:''' No, no, no, that's not the line here! Do you still remember it?
:::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need a little more time to memorize your lines.
::;(Film shoot fails)
::{{DIcon}} Six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve.
:::'''Xavier:''' No, no, no, that's not the line here! Do you still remember it?
:::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need a little more time to memorize your lines.
::;(Film shoot fails)
:{{DIcon}} What am I supposed to say again?
::'''Xavier:''' No, no, no, that's not the line here! Do you still remember it?
::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need a little more time to memorize your lines.
:;(Film shoot fails)
:{{DIcon}} One, two, three, four, five?
::'''Xavier:''' No, no, no, that's not the line here! Do you still remember it?
::'''Xavier:''' I think you still need a little more time to memorize your lines.
:;(Film shoot fails)

----

;(After defeating the first two bandits)
:'''Xavier:''' Alright, (Traveler), to the next spot now. Hurry, hurry!

;(After defeating four bandits)
:'''Xavier:''' Your lines, Ms. Koharu! How have you forgotten your line?
:'''Koharu:''' I was about to say it, alright? Ugh... Don't worry about us.
:'''Sasano:''' Go on home and have your meal.
:'''Xavier:''' No, no, no, your line is "Hurry, go on without us!"

----

;(Talk to Xavier after finishing the film shoot)
:'''Xavier:''' ...Mr. Sasano, Ms. Koharu, I'm disappointed in both of you.
:'''Xavier:''' The difference between these crude shots and a true film is like... like Mondstadt's Dandelion Wine and Apple Cider &mdash; one is alcohol, one isn't. They simply aren't the same thing.
:'''Xavier:''' Heavens above, I just don't even know how to describe it.
:'''Xavier:''' You can't remember your lines, your readings are all over the place, and you're not giving me any emotion! How am I supposed to work with that?
:'''Xavier:''' This is a crime, a crime against art. This can't go on, my friends.
:'''Sasano:''' ...
:'''Sasano:''' I'm really sorry that you're so disappointed, but I don't plan to continue taking part in this.
:'''Koharu:''' You can reprimand or punish me, but I'm not going to keep doing this either.
:'''Xavier:''' Mr. Sasano?
:'''Xavier:''' I mean, I know that there have been some issues with these performances, but it's nothing a few more rehearsals can't fix!
:'''Koharu:''' There's no need. We could practice a hundred times and I still wouldn't understand what your script is about.
:'''Sasano:''' I share the sentiment. Why would these two characters suddenly sacrifice themselves and run off to where the enemy is?
:'''Sasano:''' No matter how you look at it, it just doesn't make any sense. They are just dragging the main character down.
:'''Sasano:''' And the lines at the end are so awkward I feel embarrassed just reading them.
:'''Sasano:''' In short, I quit. Goodbye.
:'''Koharu:''' Yup. That's that, then.
:'''Xavier:''' Eh? How could you...
:'''Paimon:''' With Sasano and Koharu gone, we shan't have enough actors to continue filming! This is bad...
:'''Xavier:''' I...
:{{DIcon}} There, there. It's okay.
:'''Xavier:''' Ah, I am so sorry. Your efforts... I fear they shall go to waste now.
:{{DIcon}} It's fine.
:{{DIcon}} Let's think of a way to remedy this situation.
:'''Xavier:''' I'm just... I confess, I'm at a loss for words. I'm going to {{color|buzzword|Uyuu Restaurant}} for a moment. I need to be alone. I'm sorry.
:'''Xavier:''' We'll talk about this matter the next time we meet.
:'''Paimon:''' Now Xavier's gone too. Seems like he's in pretty bad shape.
:'''Paimon:''' He must be taking the argument they had earlier really hard. Do you think we should go cheer him up a bit?
:'''Paimon:''' Hm... Paimon remembers him mentioning {{color|buzzword|Uyuu Restaurant}}. If you think we should go, then let's go look for him.

----

;(Go to Uyuu Restaurant and talk to Xavier)
:'''Xavier:''' Heh, you found me. *burp*
:'''Paimon:''' Yeesh, it reeks of booze around here. You're drunk, aren't you, Xavier?
:{{DIcon}} Go easy on the drinks.
::'''Xavier:''' D&mdash;Don't say that. It's ru... ruining the vibe! You sound like my mom. *burp* Come on, lesh drink together.
::{{DIcon}} Maybe some other time.
::'''Xavier:''' Huh? What kinda friend are you? You're no fun.
:{{DIcon}} Let's drink.
::'''Xavier:''' Ooh, wait, no &mdash; I remember you saying that you wanted to give up drinking. You gotta stay on that wagon, okay?
::{{DIcon}} When did I say that...?
::'''Xavier:''' It musta been in my dream.
:'''Xavier:''' Wasn't it just, um, right, when we were filming. I was... being questioned. Madly so! Yesh!
:'''Xavier:''' Actually, I don't blame Ms. Koharu. *burp* Or Mr. Sasano. They were very cooperative at first.
:'''Xavier:''' That is to say, or I think that is to say, it's probably 'cause I'm, um, not that talented.
:{{DIcon}} Don't say that.
:{{DIcon}} You just need a little more experience.
:'''Xavier:''' You! You really are a good person, ya know that? You're so, so good. Here, lemme give you a hug!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, a minute ago you were drunk as a skunk! You're not taking advantage of the situation to get chummy with us, are you?
:{{DIcon}} Uh, I'll kindly decline!
:{{DIcon}} I think you've had a little too much drink.
:'''Xavier:''' You know that film I worked so hard on before? Well, the higher-ups at the Tenryou Commission didn't like it too much.
:'''Xavier:''' They didn't come right out and say it, but they were totally silent, which means they didn't approve.
:'''Xavier:''' But I refuse to accept this. I refuse!
:'''Xavier:''' This time, I was able to get funding from Lord Kamisato to make this film, so I... I must take this seriously! Don't you think?
:'''Xavier:''' My dearest, most adored good friend, you're closer to me than a sibling, so I'll tell you something about me: I'm an engineer.
:'''Xavier:''' But I think I can be more than an engineer. I've read lots of books, and I can write stuff.
:'''Xavier:''' I could... I could also be a film writer, an actor, a director!
:'''Xavier:''' I'm not talking outta my hat here, I could rea... really do it. Don't you believe me?
:{{DIcon}} I believe you.
:'''Xavier:''' Great! I would kiss you if I could, but I drank a smidge too much... and my breath stinks.
:'''Xavier:''' Don't get the wrong idea, (Traveler), I just think you're truly my most dearest and bestest friend.
:'''Xavier:''' My best friend, I must treat you to a meal today, and I won't take no for an answer.
:'''Xavier:''' My dear fellow, we order food from you, correct? Come, my friend, order whatever you'd like.
:{{DIcon}} Tri-Flavored Skewer, please.
:{{DIcon}} Dry-Braised Salted Fish, please.
:{{DIcon}} Bird Egg Sushi, please.
:'''Xavier:''' That's all? No, no, no, unacceptable. You are my best friend! The best friend of Xavier, man of Fontaine!
:'''Xavier:''' Being stingy with my friends would damage my character, and I am, if nothing else, a person of character!
:'''Xavier:''' My dear sir, we'll have the Tri-Flavored Skewer, Tonkotsu Ramen, and whatever else you serve here.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Understood. Erika, one of everything for this table.

:'''Soon after, shop owner Okazaki Rikuto piles your table high with food.'''

:'''Xavier:''' Dear (Traveler), dear Paimon, now this is what I call a real meal!
:'''Xavier:''' Come, let's eat. For our dreams!

:'''You have a meal with Xavier.'''

:'''Xavier:''' *burp*
:{{DIcon}} *burp*
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for your hospitality.
:'''Paimon:''' Aw, you're a good guy, Xavier! You're Paimon's best friend! Well... one of them, anyway!
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' How was everything?
:'''Xavier:''' Simply divine! I could taste the lake in your rice and fish. That sweet and delicate aroma is just like what I'd have in my hometown of Petrichor.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Haha, is that so? I'm glad you liked it.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Now, I didn't mean to eavesdrop, but this film you mentioned sounds very interesting indeed. Could you tell me more about it, if you wouldn't mind?

:'''You and Xavier explain the film to Okazaki Rikuto and show him the script as well.'''

:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Ooh, so this outlander has the resolve to stand up and fight when things get tough. Impressive.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' But to be honest, there is so little thought or hesitation involved here that this person barely seems human at all.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' When they meet an enemy they can't beat, they summon up the courage to charge anyway... and they actually triumph. That sort of daring is actually rather frightening.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' You're still young, Mr. Xavier. I take it that you've never experienced such life-threatening situations before?
:'''Xavier:''' Certainly not "life-threatening," no. But is this the reason why my script has been criticized? Hmm...
:'''Xavier:''' Well, let me put it this way. Is having an identical experience first strictly necessary to writing a good story?
:'''Xavier:''' From what I understand, quite a number of great authors are homebodies.
:'''Xavier:''' Besides, I find this no-nonsense, swords-drawn approach very Inazuma-esque.
:'''Xavier:''' Since I've come to Inazuma, I should make some films with that Inazuma flair.
:'''Xavier:''' Mr. Kayabuki's original work was also in this style, and in order to preserve these unique elements, I've decided to honor the source.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Ah, you mean Kayabuki Ikkei? An interesting lad, to be sure.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Xavier, I'm moved by your dedication to film. I can't help but be reminded of a story I once heard...
:'''Xavier:''' Ah! Sitting in a restaurant, eating, and listening to stories like this is also so... so Inazuma! I love it.
:{{DIcon}} I feel the same way.
:{{DIcon}} Please, go on.
:'''Paimon:''' Mm-hm... Om nom nom nom~ You guys go on, Paimon's just gonna finish up over here first...
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Long, long ago, there lived someone named Seishimaru.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Seishimaru was born to samurai parents who worked for powerful people. Well, they weren't very powerful themselves, but they weren't too bad, either.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' But these parents seemingly made a strange error in their work, incurring punishment and eventually submitting to their execution.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Unable to accept their deaths, Seishimaru toiled to find the samurai family that carried out the sentence.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Truth be told, the responsible party did everything by the book, and the family serving as executioner normally shouldn't have been blamed for the sentence they were ordered to carry out.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' This family was also acquainted with Seishimaru's... Goodness me, this story's pretty hard to tell without naming names.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' For now, suppose that the family responsible was the Wakayama Clan. To all the good people in Inazuma named Wakayama, please don't hate me for this...
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Ah, as I was saying... Blinded by hatred, Seishimaru decided to take revenge on the Wakayamas.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' But by then, the person who had personally beheaded Seishimaru's parents had already passed away, leaving the eldest son in charge of the Wakayama estate.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' This person happened to also be Seishimaru's childhood friend. But now, they had become enemies.
:{{DIcon}} This is a story of friends becoming foes.
::'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Very clever, you hit the nail on the head.
:{{DIcon}} This story about a family's fall following punishment from above... I've heard tales like these before.
::'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Looks like our young friend here is well-read!
::'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Officials are privileged, but they also have responsibilities, and mistakes must be punished. We have our own rules here in Inazuma.
::'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' It's not unheard of for an official to slip up and fall into ruin. But you don't seem surprised at all. You must have a wide circle of friends.
::'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Since this isn't surprising to you, I'm afraid that the fallout between Seishimaru and the son of the Wakayamas will be equally predictable.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon knows, Paimon knows! Something awful's gonna happen next. It doesn't matter if it's Mondstadt, Liyue, or Inazuma, it's always the same wherever you go.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Hehe, indeed, there is nothing new under the sun. People always lose themselves due to the same old things. I suppose there are plenty of stories like this one in Fontaine too.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Anyway, before any action was taken, Seishimaru, supposedly remembering the old days, took out a Temari and a sword and let the eldest son of the Wakayama family choose between them.
:'''Xavier:''' What does that mean?
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Now, how should I know what Seishimaru was thinking? Still, I think that the Temari and sword represented life and death respectively.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Having made the wrong choice, the Wakayama's eldest son had no choice but to accept being pursued and slain by Seishimaru. What an ill-fated lad.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' But before Seishimaru could even come knocking at his door, an illness took him.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' I don't know if that was lucky or unlucky. Dying of an illness and being killed both mean dying either way, so who knows which would have been better?
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' It's hard not to blame Seishimaru for his death. If it weren't for the former's being bent on revenge, the latter wouldn't have needed to lay low until he fell ill.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' After that, the younger Wakayama child immediately sought vengeance. Good grief, the cycle never ends, does it?
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Seishimaru was forced into hiding in the mountains before eventually disappearing.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Some say Seishimaru fled in fear of the Wakayamas, while others say he let himself sink to the depths of the ocean to quench his burning hatred.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Whichever ending you wish to believe, no one ever saw Seishimaru again.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' To this day, such fretful matters as hate and shame should all have flowed into the ley lines with Seishimaru's death.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Since this whole dispute has lost its source, just take "and all was well again" to be this story's ending.
:'''Xavier:''' That's... it? So, not even you know where this Seishimaru went?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, yeah! All was *not* well at all! What kind of ending is that?
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' I'm sorry, but that's how the part I heard ends. After all, it's a tale that's been spread to many places, so such vagueness is unavoidable.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Back to the issue &mdash; you see, Mr. Xavier? You need a story with an ending that leaves people wanting more.
:'''Xavier:''' ...Mr. Okazaki, I must say that you are indeed a gentleman of great insight.
:'''Xavier:''' I wouldn't be surprised if the legend of Seishimaru took place in Fontaine.
:'''Xavier:''' Especially one of the legend's endings, the one where Seishimaru disappears to put an end to his hatred. That sounds just like what a friend of mine from Sumeru would do.
:'''Xavier:''' I want to thank you for your kindness and the nudge you've given me, and not just through this story &mdash; your unique way of giving advice has given me just the inspiration I needed.
:'''Xavier:''' I think I know what was missing from my film before.
:'''Xavier:''' Thank you, Mr. Okazaki. This is for the meal.
:'''Xavier:''' If I can manage to write an even better script, I'll come back to offer you my most solemn gratitude.
:;(Xavier leaves)
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Haha, tell you what, I really envy your youth and drive, Traveler.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' To be able to befriend such a person is a gift from the gods. You must be a special person as well to have been so blessed.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Good things surely await you and Mr. Xavier.

;(Talk to Okazaki Rikuto again)
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' We're honored that you appreciate Erika's work so much. It's only right that we extend our opening hours for you.
:'''Okazaki Rikuto:''' After you leave, we'll tidy up a little, then have Erika go take a rest.

----

;(Leave Uyuu Restaurant and talk to Xavier)
:'''Xavier:''' The story is quite complete, but it's lacking some emotional turmoil. Hmm...
:{{DIcon}} Xavier?
:{{DIcon}} What's on your mind?
:'''Xavier:''' Heavens forgive me, I'm a real souse this morning, I am. I left my friend in the restaurant after completely forgetting about them!
:'''Xavier:''' But I think I can now write an all-new, presentable script now and give this one more shot. It'll definitely work this time. No, I'll make it work.
:'''Xavier:''' Please allow me a little more time. Just one day will suffice.
:'''Xavier:''' *sigh*... But it's going to be tricky with those two actors. Ms. Koharu and Mr. Sasano don't seem keen on trying again.
:'''Xavier:''' But I can't blame them either. I'll just have to think of something when the time comes.
:{{DIcon}} Can I help in any way?
:'''Xavier:''' No, no, no, I couldn't ask for anything more comforting than having you here to listen to me vent.
:'''Xavier:''' My dear (Traveler), you are indeed a great listener.
:'''Xavier:''' Ms. Paimon, if my behavior was at all untoward just now, can you forgive me? I didn't mean you any offense.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh? "Ms. Paimon"... That has a nice ring to it! Alright then, the magnanimous Paimon has decided to forgive you.
:'''Xavier:''' Wonderful! I feel much better now. Let's meet tomorrow at {{color|buzzword|Komore Teahouse}}. I'll bring an even better script, you'll see!

:'''Xavier trots off...'''

:'''Paimon:''' It's great that he's so motivated, but it's like Mr. Okazaki said... Is it really okay for him to do it all by himself?
:'''Paimon:''' He says he's gonna write a brand-new script in one day. That's a scary big job, isn't it?
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to help him.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, maybe you should let Xavier work out the script by himself. Paimon thinks we can help him with his actor problem instead.
:{{DIcon}} I'll go talk to the actors.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that should take a load off his back.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = "Outlander Brigade!"
|zhs     = 《异邦人喧哗旅！！》
|zhs_rm  = "Yìbāng-rén Xuānhuá-lǚ!!"
|zht     = 《異邦人喧嘩旅！！》
|zht_rm  = "Yìbāng-rén Xuānhuá-lǚ!!"
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 『異郷人喧嘩旅！！』
|ja_rm   = "Ikyoujin Kenka-ryo!!"{{assumed}}
|ja_tl   = "Outlander Battle Journey!!"
|ko      = 《이방인의 싸움 여행기!!》
|ko_rm   = "Ibang'in-ui Ssaum Yeohaenggi!!"
|ko_tl   = "Foreigner's Battle Travelogue!!"
|es      = «¡La Brigada Extranjera!»
|es_tl   = "The Foreign Brigade!"
|fr      = La brigade pérégrine !!
|fr_tl   = The Peregrine Brigade!!
|ru      = «Шумные чужеземцы!»
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = "ทริปรวมพลคนต่างแดน!"
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = "Hành Trình Ồn Ào Của Kẻ Ngoại Bang!!"
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = „Rummelreise in der Fremde!!“
|de_tl   = "Carnival Trip in the Outland!!"
|id      = "Prajurit Asing!!"
|id_tl   = "Foreign Soldier!!"
|pt      = "Viagens de um Forasteiro!!"
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}