{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79071
|image         = Event Quest Owl Musician.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Summertide Scales and Tales
|requirement   = 
* Complete step 8 of [[They Once Walked the Starry Sky]]
|characters    = Alof; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Simulanka]]
|region        = Simulanka
|area          = Constellation Metropole
|subarea       = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Summertide Scales and Tales/Metropole Trials|Metropole Trials]] subevent.
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''&#34;Owl Musician&#34;''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertide Scales and Tales]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Alof]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You encounter a serious guard in Constellation Metropole...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Alof)
:'''Alof:''' Welcome to Constellation Metropole, {{Traveler}}, Ms. Paimon.
:'''Alof:''' My colleagues have apprised me of your names and deeds, and have confirmed that you are valiant indeed.
:'''Alof:''' Were I not in charge of training the guards, I should have liked to spar with you.
:{{DIcon}} So you're a guard yourself, then?
:'''Alof:''' In sooth, I am. On the orders of our liege, we are to defend Constellation Metropole and keep the peace.
:'''Alof:''' My work, specifically, is to train the guards, that their skills may prove worthy of their duty.
:{{DIcon}} So the door behind leads to the training grounds?
:'''Alof:''' Keen-eyed indeed! It leads to a Domain that we just finished remodeling.
:'''Alof:''' Within those grounds, the trainee must swing their blade to a specific rhythm, and the arena's lighting will constantly change throughout the battle.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like some pretty rigorous training...
:'''Paimon:''' Sounds complicated, more like... Do you have to follow that specific rhythm while fighting as well?
:'''Alof:''' This part of the regimen is actually derived from a story titled the "Owl Musician."
:'''Alof:''' It was popular amongst the guards some time back. Many enjoyed it to the point where they'd forget to take part in training, and their daily patrols were delayed.
:'''Alof:''' But I had a thought. Since everyone liked it so much, adding elements of the story into our training would make it more enjoyable.
:'''Alof:''' It has had a visible effect on training... if nothing else, there have been no further delays in our patrols due to personal reasons.
:'''Alof:''' Hehe... Would the two of you be interested in said training?
:'''Alof:''' The challenges within should be a piece of cake for those with valor such as yours.
:{{DIcon}} I'd love to give it a try!
::'''Alof:''' Such commendable courage! Excellent. Please, then, step into the Domain.
:{{DIcon}} I've got other things going on right now...
::'''Alof:''' Understandable. Come back whenever you have the time &mdash; I will be standing guard here.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = "Owl Musician"
|zhs      = 《猫头鹰乐师》
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 《貓頭鷹樂師》
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 『フクロウ楽師』
|ja_rm    = "Fukurou Gakushi"
|ja_tl    = "Owl Musician"
|ko       = 《올빼미 악사》
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = «El músico y los búhos»
|es_tl    = The Musician and the Owls
|fr       = « Le musicien-hibou »
|fr_tl    = The Owl Musician
|ru       = «Музыкант-сова»
|ru_tl    = "Owl Musician"
|th       = "นักดนตรีนกฮูก"
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = "Nhạc Công Cú Mèo"
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = „Eulenmusiker“
|de_tl    = "Owl Musician"
|id       = "Musisi Burung Hantu"
|id_tl    = "Owl Musician"
|pt       = "Músico Coruja"
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = "Baykuş Müzisyen"
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = "Il gufo musicista"
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[pt-br:"Músico Coruja"]]
[[ru:«Музыкант-сова»]]
[[vi:"Nhạc Công Cú Mèo"]]