{{Event
|name              = "Protector From Afar" Thoma Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~
|image             = Protector From Afar Thoma Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-10-29 00:00:00 <!--(no time given)-->
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-11-03 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/1311350
}}
Hello, Travelers!<br>
Today, we will be introducing a friend who is exceptional at caring for others~ We've got the latest scoop on a new character, let's take a look~

[https://www.hoyolab.com/article/1310776 >>>Learn More About Thoma<<<]

Thoma, who was born in Mondstadt, now lives in Inazuma. He is the housekeeper of the Yashiro Commission's Kamisato Clan, and a well-known "fixer" in Inazuma.

Friendly and approachable, Thoma fits in with the crowd easily wherever he is.

At first glance, he seems to be a very easygoing person, but he is in fact very responsible. He has an extraordinarily serious side, be it in his work or his interpersonal communications.

We heard that Thoma is very professional in the field of housekeeping. What housekeeping skills would you want to learn?<br>
You can ask Thoma for advice the next time you see him~

==Event Duration==
*October 29, 2021 – November 3, 2021 23:59 (UTC+8)
*Results: November 10, 2021

==How to Participate==
During the event, comment on [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/1311350 the post] about {{Color|buzz|housekeeping tips you want to learn from Thoma}} and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Event Rewards==
*"Trick-or-Treat Party" Series Puzzle ×10 (Random)
*We will randomly select 10 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to receive merchandise prizes~

==Notes==
# Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Each Traveler is only eligible to receive one prize, and repeated comments are only counted once.
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: comments with content that violates our Community Rules, comments that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself) or creating a new post (instead of commenting on this post), comments with no relation to Genshin Impact or Thoma, comments that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

[[pt-br:Debute Thoma - Protetor de Longe]]