{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70007
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Invitation of Windblume
|requirement   = Complete [[Ode to Flower and Cloud]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|characters    = Ella Musk; Paimon; Traveler; Wyratt
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
}}
'''"Quiet, please, this is a library!"''' is a World Quest unlocked after completing [[Ode to Flower and Cloud]] in the [[Invitation of Windblume]] event.

==Steps==
# Go to the library and find [[Ella Musk]]
# Try and convince the lovebirds to be quiet (0/3)
# Talk to [[Wyratt]]
# Carry Lisa's message

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Ella Musk is trying to study in the library, but it seems something is disrupting her...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Ella Musk)
:'''Ella Musk:''' Ye ika gusha mosi!
:{{DIcon}} You seem upset.
:{{DIcon}} You sound fiercer than usual.
:'''Ella Musk:''' My apologies... That's because the library's been so loud recently that I can't study Hilichurlian in peace.
:'''Ella Musk:''' Ever since the [[Windblume Festival]] started, there's been a great number of people hanging out here. Initially, they were keeping quiet and reading books, but then they started... chatting.
:'''Ella Musk:''' There's more... They did a lot of terrifying things...
:'''Ella Musk:''' Turning book corners... Sticking strange objects between the pages... They even went as far as to put books back on the shelves upside down!
:'''Ella Musk:''' A library is not a place for romantic rendezvous! Unless one aims to disrupt all scholars actually studying inside as intended, that is!
:{{DIcon}} Wyratt should be maintaining order in here.
::'''Ella Musk:''' What can he do? Throwing people out won't solve the root cause of the problem.
:{{DIcon}} You can bring it up with Lisa...
::'''Ella Musk:''' But I've heard that she's currently out on patrol with the Acting Grand Master. If she were here, those couples would surely be on their best behavior...
:'''Ella Musk:''' That's why I need to ask for your assistance. Please tell them to get a hold of themselves.
:{{DIcon}} I've got this covered.
:{{DIcon}} I'll see what I can do.
:'''Ella Musk:''' Thank you. Those three couples over there are making the most noise. If you can make them aware of how bothersome their babbling is, I'll be able to continue my research.
:'''Ella Musk:''' But be careful. They're quite difficult to handle...

;(Talk to Ella Musk again)
:'''Ella Musk:''' Please lend me a hand, I really need some peace and quiet...
----
;(Talk to the first couple)
:'''Besotted Woman:''' Excuse me? Did you want something?
:{{DIcon}} You should keep quiet in the library.
:{{DIcon}} Someone complained that you're too loud.
:'''Besotted Woman:''' My apologies, I'll be more mindful of that. I just can't help giving voice to my feelings sometimes.
:'''Man Doing Magic Tricks:''' While you weren't paying attention, I drew out a rose from between the pages.
:'''Man Doing Magic Tricks:''' This book-born rose is just like you &mdash; delicate and full of scholarly beauty...
:'''Besotted Woman:''' Wha&mdash;!? That was amazing!
:'''Paimon:''' You're being too noisy! And books aren't meant to be used as props for magic tricks! You'll tear them apart!
:{{DIcon}} You might want to keep it down too, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, sorry. Paimon didn't mean to...
:'''Besotted Woman:''' So now you understand. Some things are beyond our control.
:'''Besotted Woman:''' Once again, I'm truly sorry. I'll keep my volume in check.
:'''Paimon:''' It doesn't seem like they took it to heart...

;(Talk to the couple again)
:'''Man Doing Magic Tricks:''' And what shall my next trick be? No need to tell me, just let me read your mind...
:'''Besotted Woman:''' Oh, I'm so nervous...
----
;(Talk to the second couple)
:'''Seemingly Rational Woman:''' You claim that "fluctuations of emotions may influence the accuracy of research and analysis"? This assertion is founded on insufficient grounds.
:'''Seemingly Rational Man:''' *sigh* I understand. I must be encountering some strange hindrance to my research...
:'''Seemingly Rational Man:''' You've come at the right moment. I'm having a little trouble right now, and I'd like your opinion on it as an outlander.
:'''Seemingly Rational Man:''' If I want to prove the veracity of my logic, I must ensure that I keep my cool.
:'''Seemingly Rational Man:''' But I can never do this, and especially not when I'm debating with her &mdash; I just can't seem to keep my cool and think.
:'''Seemingly Rational Woman:''' I find it strange, too. Did you not sleep well last night? Or are you hungover?
:{{DIcon}} Either way, you probably shouldn't speak too loudly in the library.
:{{DIcon}} Either way, you should both pipe down a bit.
:'''Seemingly Rational Man:''' Sorry, but I won't rest until I figure this out.
:'''Paimon:''' H&mdash;He didn't listen at all...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, you shouldn't be disturbing others either way. Also, stop putting the books back on the shelves with spines facing inward!
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... they're not paying us any mind at all...

;(Talk to the couple again)
:'''Seemingly Rational Man:''' What's the matter, I wonder?
:'''Seemingly Rational Woman:''' If there's nothing else, let's discuss the other contents of this research.
----
;(Talk to the last couple)
:'''Young Man in Love:''' Such a thrilling story! It's a shame they didn't get to have their happy ending.
:'''Young Woman in Love:''' We definitely won't become like them, right?
:'''Young Man in Love:''' That goes without saying. Even if we we're torn apart and placed in different corners of the world, I'd find a way to bring you back to me.
:{{DIcon}} You should keep quiet in the library.
:{{DIcon}} Someone complained that you're too loud.
:'''Young Woman in Love:''' Huh? I've been keeping my voice low all this time.
:'''Young Man in Love:''' *sigh* It's like in that book &mdash; an obstacle in the way of our love...
:'''Paimon:''' You should also put the books you've finished reading back where they belong.
:'''Paimon:''' Look at all those books lying around in complete disarray. Somebody will have to put them back on the right shelves, and they're not gonna be happy about this mess.
:'''Young Man in Love:''' Yeah, yeah, we got it. Could you leave us alone? You've interrupted us at a crucial moment.
:'''Paimon:''' Crucial moment...?
:'''Young Woman in Love:''' No matter what hardships befall us, do you promise to stay the same as you are now and never change?
:'''Young Man in Love:''' I do. I swear on my life.
:'''Young Woman in Love:''' That seems a bit excessive... The very though of losing you tears my heart in two.
:'''Young Man in Love:''' Ah, your gentle nature makes me fall for you even more...
:'''Paimon:''' It's like talking to a brick wall.

;(Talk to the couple again)
:'''Young Man in Love:''' Let's read this one next. Would you like me to read it to you?
:'''Young Woman in Love:''' Of course. I love hearing you tell stories.
----
;(After talking to all the couples)
:'''Paimon:''' *sigh* Guess nobody's in the mood for advice, huh?
:'''Paimon:''' None of them have very good library etiquette. Best we go talk it over with Wyratt.
----
;(Talk to Wyratt)
:'''Wyratt:''' Hello, how may I help?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, about the racket in the library...
:'''Wyratt:''' I see... I guess we'll just have to use "that method"...
:'''Wyratt:''' Miss Lisa mentioned in the past that there will be consequences for breaking the library rules...
:'''Wyratt:''' Do you mind going into the Library to pass Miss Lisa's message along?
:'''Paimon:''' Making dog-ears on pages. Stuffing roses into books, putting them onto shelves the wrong way... These are definitely violations of the library rules.
:'''Paimon:''' Well let's go pass Lisa's message on to those people in the library who aren't reading the way they should.
----
;(Go back inside the library)
:'''Paimon:''' Eh!? What? Lisa's coming back soon?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no! She'll be real mad when she finds out that people have made a mess out of the books and even dog-eared the pages, won't she?
:{{DIcon}} That's right &mdash; oh no, how terrible! Who will save us?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, what are we to do? Oh, oh! Maybe there might still be time if we start cleaning up now!
:'''''Upon hearing what Paimon said, the couples quickly clean up the scene and leave in a hurry.'''''
:'''Ella Musk:''' That was quite ingenious of you. Quite unexpected.
:{{DIcon}} That was Wyratt's idea.
::'''Ella Musk:''' Still, Miss Lisa probably would have been mad if she had seen the state the library was in earlier. This is a library, after all &mdash; a place of learning.
:{{DIcon}} Well, Lisa's reputation precedes her.
::'''Ella Musk:''' Guess I can finally continue my research in peace. Here, take this as thanks.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Before trying to convince the lovebirds to be quiet)
* '''Man Doing Magic Tricks:''' "Now watch..."
* '''Besotted Woman:''' "Eek..."
* '''Seemingly Rational Man:''' "How strange..."
* '''Seemingly Rational Woman:''' "Lacks substantiation..."
* '''Young Man:''' "But it was lost..."
* '''Young Women:''' "Oh no..."

;(After trying to convince the lovebirds to be quiet)
* '''Man Doing Magic Tricks:''' "And next..."
* '''Besotted Woman:''' "Oh, I'm so nervous..."
* '''Seemingly Rational Man:''' "What happened..."
* '''Seemingly Rational Woman:''' "If there's nothing else..."
* '''Young Man:''' "Next..."
* '''Young Women:''' "I'm looking forward to it..."
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = "Quiet, please, this is a library!"
|zhs     = 图书馆请安静！
|zhs_rm  = Túshū-guǎn Qǐng Anjìng!
|zht     = 圖書館請安靜！
|zht_rm  = Túshū-guǎn Qǐng Anjìng!
|zh_tl   = Please Be Quiet in the Library!
|ja      = 図書館の中は静かに！
|ja_rm   = Toshokan no Naka wa Shizuka ni!{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Be Quiet Inside the Library!
|ko      = {{tt|도서관|圖書館}}에선 {{tt|정숙|靜肅}}!
|ko_rm   = Doseogwan-eseon Jeongsuk!
|ko_tl   = Silence in the library!
|es      = ¡Silencio en la biblioteca!
|es_tl   = Silence in the library!
|fr      = Silence dans la bibliothèque !
|fr_tl   = Silence in the library!
|ru      = Соблюдайте тишину!
|ru_tl   = Keep quiet!
|th      = ห้ามส่งเสียงในห้องสมุดนะ!
|th_rm   = Ham songsiang nai hong samut na!
|th_tl   = Being loud is forbidden in the library!
|vi      = Xin giữ trật tự trong thư viện!
|vi_tl   = Please Keep Silence in the Library!
|de      = „Ruhe bitte, wir sind in einer Bibliothek!“
|de_tl   = "Quiet Please, We Are In a Library!"
|id      = "Harap Menjaga Ketenangan di Perpustakaan!"
|id_tl   = "Please Keep Silence in the Library!"
|pt      = "Silêncio, por favor, aqui é uma biblioteca!"
|pt_tl   = "Silence, please, this is a library!"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[pt-br:"Silêncio, por favor. Aqui é uma biblioteca!"]]