{{Item Infobox
|id           = 120308
|image        = Item Returning Curios Memento.png
|type         = Quest Items
|group        = Event Items
|description  = A memento discovered at a treasure site in the Veluriyam Mirage event, "Returning Curios." The treasure chest that contains it corresponds to the third code &mdash; "A blue, spotless ceiling, a floor of white candy, soft companions surround me, I too have wings!"
|source1      = [[Returning Curios]]
|event        = Secret Summer Paradise
}}
'''"Returning Curios" Memento (III)''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during the {{Quest|Returning Curios}}.

==Text==
;Journal with Juvenile Handwriting

Hey there, youngster... or grownup, or oldie, or whoever you are! I see you've found my treasure and read my diary!<br>
I'm an inventor and adventurer! Even Miss Idyia thinks I'm a genius, you know.<br>
This fantastic water park is the furthest place I've reached so far. I've had a great time here. How about you?<br>
It's okay if you haven't been having fun! I'm sure you'll be just like me, and find even more cool and distant parks to explore in the future!<br>
According to Mama and Papa's story, there's a paradise for finches and crystalflies on top of a cloud. I made this kite to find that paradise and play with them!<br>
But when I used the kite to fly, I couldn't find that paradise. Maybe it's because I wasn't flying high enough.<br>
But that's fine! I landed in the desert, made friends with a super cool, super huge red bird, and even rode for a long way on the back of a huge creature with many legs. I think they call them... scorepeons, or something?<br>
Oh and also, I met Miss Idyia, who managed to convince the big red bird and the big scorepeons to turn around and go back to sleep!<br>
And after that, she took me to this water park, where the flying balls of water were even more magical than the crystalflies!<br>
They gave me tasty apples, assisted me in my search for construction materials, helped me build a new kite, and even took me onto new adventures in mysterious places, so that I can see the scenery from super-duper high up!<br>
Miss Idyia said that if I were to become a super famous adventurer someday, then this place must be my first stop, the start of my journey!<br>
Soooo I drew the first super kite that I invented in my diary!&nbsp;... Well, the blueprint of the thing, anyway.<br>
Who knows, maybe you'll also be able to visit many unexpected new places and meet many new friends after making and using it!<br>
Oh and also, before you use it, please make sure to tie a lot of balloons to your body. This is important if you don't want to get hurt when you crash onto the ground!<br>
Anyway, alllll the best of luck! May you fly even higher than I did with this kite!<br>
...<br>
(You find many sketches at the end of the diary. This must be the kite that the diary-writer is referring to. While the handwriting is messy, the sketch is quite neat. The featured design is well-shaped, has an effective weight-bearing skeletal structure, and many safety features. It is apparent that only a highly educated child could have produced such a high-level design. Maybe the diary-writer is the child of scholarly parents, and has been interested in engineering since early childhood.)<br>
(Unfortunately, as it has been designed by a child, the kite can also only be used by a child. It is too small, and unlike a glider, cannot support the weight of an adult for an extended amount of time. Maybe it could become the perfect toy for Paimon... if you were to dedicate a lot of time into actually building it, using the blueprint as a reference, that is. The process will probably be quite painstaking for the inexperienced...)

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = "Returning Curios" Memento (III)
|zhs     = 千奇澴回的见证物・其三
|zhs_rm  = Qiānqí Huánhuí de Jiànzhèng-wù - Qí Sān
|zht     = 千奇澴回的見證物・其三
|zht_rm  = Qiānqí Huánhuí de Jiànzhèng-wù - Qí Sān
|ja      = 千奇旋水のメメント・3
|ja_rm   = Senkisensui no Memento - San{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 기묘한 물림의 증표・세 번째
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Objeto testimonial de la Marea de las Mil Maravillas (III)
|fr      = Souvenir de la myriade de curiosités (3)
|ru      = Памятная вещь «Круговорота тысячи чудес» III
|th      = เครื่องยืนยันของห้วงธารสารพันพิศวง III
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Vật Chứng Nhận Của Vạn Vật Kỳ Ảo III
|de      = Andenken von „Rückkehr der tausend Wunder“ III
|id      = Memento Rasa Penasaran yang Kembali (III)
|pt      = Lembrança de Retorno dos Mil Tesouros III
|tr      = "Tuhaf Dönüşler" Hatırası (III)
|it      = Ricordo delle "Riscoperte preziose" III
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[pt-br:Lembrança de Retorno dos Mil Tesouros III]]
[[ru:Памятная вещь «Круговорота тысячи чудес» III]]