{{Item Infobox
|id           = 120307
|image        = Item Returning Curios Memento.png
|type         = Quest Items
|group        = Event Items
|description  = A memento discovered at a treasure site in the Veluriyam Mirage event, "Returning Curios." The treasure chest that contains it corresponds to the second code &mdash; "A shooting star of vines carries me, traversing a forest so quiet and peaceful, to finally arrive in secluded dreamland so pure."
|source1      = [[Returning Curios]]
|event        = Secret Summer Paradise
}}
'''"Returning Curios" Memento (II)''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during the {{Quest|Returning Curios}}.

==Text==
;A Letter With Lovely Handwriting

O Traveler whom I've never met, if you're reading this letter now, you must be enjoying the wondrous sights of this place, just as I did in the past. May you encounter the sights of your dreams, and learn much from the experience.<br>
I am a Rtawahist student who fell asleep while observing the skies. After finding myself here upon waking up, I decided to stay awhile.<br>
The caretaker, Miss Idyia, appears to be struggling with the need to "repair" some old mechanisms on the grounds. She did not respond to my questions, but simply offered me a quiet place to stay, where I might get plenty of rest...<br>
Nevertheless, from the way others talk about her, I could tell that she is usually a generous host. It was understandable that she would not have the time to take care of me while being pulled in several different directions.<br>
I was unable to get an answer from her even as I packed up and left. She did, however, give me many gifts, and invite me to try out this attraction.<br>
Which is to say, I'm also quite new to this place, and don't have a lot of insights to share. I can only wish you a fun and relaxing experience.<br>
You may get a slightly different experience if you were to observe the stars from here. Though the positions of the stars have not changed, their impressions on the sky appear far stronger, and it's much easier to make note of their characteristics.<br>
Maybe the special location and my good mood both had something to do with it? After all, our field of vision is far wider here, and the air here is also less dry and more pure than regular air in the desert.<br>
Most importantly, this place is insulated from monsters and people of ill intent. If you ever have some free time, I'd strongly recommend that you spend some time here to observe the stars!<br>
The traditions say that I should leave something here as a testament to my stay. But I don't know what I can leave to you as a gift... I only brought some books, pen and paper with me when I came here, and I'll need all of them to write my thesis...<br>
Among the gifts that Miss Idyia gave me was a sum of Mora, which she recommended I use to purchase furniture, believing it would add warmth, beauty, and comfort to my abode...<br>
However, my place has already been filled to the brim with books and star charts. There's no more space for more furnishings, and either way, were I to cross the desert again to return to the Akademiya, I doubt I could make the journey if I brought any more with me...<br>
These gifts will be better left to the travelers that will come after me, and thus, I waited for an auspicious day with wondrous omens before hiding them.<br>
Now, these gifts are all yours! I hope they will bring you serenity and joy, and pass on to you the protection and fortune of the starry skies!

==Trivia==
* Given the information in the letter, such as the author being a student from the [[Rtawahist]] Darshan and in need of rest, the author of this letter is most likely [[Layla]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = "Returning Curios" Memento (II)
|zhs     = 千奇澴回的见证物・其二
|zhs_rm  = Qiānqí Huánhuí de Jiànzhèng-wù - Qí Èr
|zht     = 千奇澴回的見證物・其二
|zht_rm  = Qiānqí Huánhuí de Jiànzhèng-wù - Qí Èr
|ja      = 千奇旋水のメメント・2
|ja_rm   = Senkisensui no Memento - Ni{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 기묘한 물림의 증표・두 번째
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Objeto testimonial de la Marea de las Mil Maravillas (II)
|fr      = Souvenir de la myriade de curiosités (2)
|ru      = Памятная вещь «Круговорота тысячи чудес» II
|th      = เครื่องยืนยันของห้วงธารสารพันพิศวง II
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Vật Chứng Nhận Của Vạn Vật Kỳ Ảo II
|de      = Andenken von „Rückkehr der tausend Wunder“ II
|id      = Memento Rasa Penasaran yang Kembali (II)
|pt      = Lembrança de Retorno dos Mil Tesouros II
|tr      = "Tuhaf Dönüşler" Hatırası (II)
|it      = Ricordo delle "Riscoperte preziose" II
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[pt-br:Lembrança de Retorno dos Mil Tesouros II]]
[[ru:Памятная вещь «Круговорота тысячи чудес» II]]