{{Event
|name              = "Scarlet Leaves Pursue Wild Waves" Kaedehara Kazuha Fan Art Contest 2023-06-07
|image             = Scarlet Leaves Pursue Wild Waves Kaedehara Kazuha Fan Art Contest 2023-06-07.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|group2            = Fanart
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-06-07 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-06-28 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/263
}}
{{Description|Dear Travelers,<br>
Kaedehara Kazuha's Fan Art Contest has begun! Get your drawing tools ready, and come participate~}}
'''"Scarlet Leaves Pursue Wild Waves" Kaedehara Kazuha Fan Art Contest''' is a Web [[Event]] in [[Version 3.7]].

==Event Duration==
* June 7, 2023 &mdash; June 28, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results: July 13, 2023

==How to Participate==
===Option 1===
# During the event, use the hashtags #GenshinImpact, #KaedeharaKazuha, and #FanArtContest when posting your original fan art on Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram.
# All Travelers participating in the event should click on the link below to fill out your entry information.<br>https://forms.gle/2JJhcKPWqk5jMp1Y6
#*Travelers participating in the event are required to make their accounts and posts public

===Option 2===
# During the event, click the "Post Image" button on the event page to submit your original fan art that meets the requirements.
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Genshin Impact in HoYoLAB to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID or filled in the incorrect UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.

==Event Rules==
# Travelers can choose either of the two options above to participate in the event.
# Entries submitted for this event must be original fan art created within the past month and have a high degree of completion. Unfinished sketches, works directly edited with graphic design tools (e.g. Photoshop, etc.), or works with copied elements spliced together will not be considered eligible.
# Travelers should include pictures of their works-in-progress (drafts, sketches, etc.) in their posts. Posts without such pictures will not be considered eligible.

==Event Rewards==
* First Prize (1 Winner)
** 3,000 Primogems + 500 USD
* Second Prize (3 Winners)
** 1,000 Primogems + 200 USD
* Third Prize (5 Winners)
** 500 Primogems + 100 USD
* Lucky Prize (10 Winners)
** 20 USD worth of Merchandize Prizes

==Notes==
# Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# The event is held on multiple platforms, and winning submissions will be selected from across all platforms. The above rewards are the total rewards for all platforms, and will be comprehensively evaluated based on content, comments, and likes received. There is no amount of prizes set aside for each platform and region.
# If the same entry wins on multiple platforms, the prize will be issued according to the platform it was first posted on after final verification (only one prize will be issued).
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources and make sure to obtain authorization.
# After the list of winners is announced, if Travelers have any objection to the prize-winning works, they can provide feedback through the customer support email or in-game customer support. If the winning entry is found to be in violation of the event rules, we will revoke the prize and this user's account will be permanently banned from participating in any future community events.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# The costs necessary for international transfers such as administrative costs, etc. are borne by the organizer. Winners are responsible for their own tax obligations in accordance with the personal income tax policies of their country or region. The actual amount is subject to change, please refer to the laws and regulations and tax policies of your country or region.
# By participating in this event, you authorize HoYoverse to publish and exhibit your work on public platforms. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Customer Service.

==Winners Notice: "Scarlet Leaves Pursue Wild Waves" Kaedehara Kazuha Fan Art Contest==
Dear Travelers,<br>The Kaedehara Kazuha Fan Art Contest has ended! Come on, let's take a look at the wonderful prize-winning works together~

https://hoyo.link/d5tUDGAd

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}