{{Event
|name              = "Shared Sight" Comment Riddle Event
|image             = Shared Sight Comment Riddle Event.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-08-03 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-08-15 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/20591435
}}
{{Description|The "[[Shared Sight]]" event has begun~ Give your answers to where the little animals are hiding!<br>From now until August 18, you can either post "screenshots of suitable hiding places for small animals in the game" as a Questioner or "places where small animals are located" as an Answerer. As a reward, you will receive a new background image for your profile page and the chance to win Primogems ×100!<br>At the same time, we encourage everyone to like posts that show creative hiding spots in their images. The top 10 Travelers with the most Likes will get a bonus piece of merchandise!}}
'''"Shared Sight" Comment Riddle Event''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.8]].

==Event Rewards==
* Primogems x100 (120 Winners)
* Shared Sight Profile Page Background (Unlimited)
* Genshin Impact Merchandise Guoba Coin Purse (10 Winners)

==Evaluation Methods==
60 Questioners and 60 Answerers will be randomly chosen to receive Primogems x100 each.

All Questioners and Answerers will get a profile page background.

The top 10 Travelers with the most Likes will get a piece of merchandise.

==Event Duration==
August 3, 2023 - August 15, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Winners Notice: The list of winners will be announced in this post after August 28, 2023.

==How to Participate==
# Questioners: Consider where small animals might hide in-game and post images of these locations in the comments.
# Answerer: Reply in the comments and give locations to the images issued by questioners.

Reference:<br>
Questioner: Where is the following image located in the game?<br>
Answerer: I know. This is Apam Woods in Sumeru!

==Notes==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# The following will regarded as invalid submissions: publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, content which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters, deletion of comments after results have been announced, etc.
# After the list of winners is announced, if a winner deletes their work (including posts or comments), the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one prize during the event.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}