{{Event
|name              = "Sprout of Rebirth" Collei (Dendro) Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~
|image             = Sprout of Rebirth Collei (Dendro) Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-08-23 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-08-26 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/7131246
}}
'''"Sprout of Rebirth" Collei (Dendro) Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~''' is a Web [[Event]] in [[Version 2.8]].

Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br />
The friend we are introducing today is a trainee ranger active in Avidya Forest, [[Collei]]!<br />
We've got the latest scoop on a new character, let's take a look~

[https://www.hoyolab.com/article/7113904 >>Learn More About Collei<<]

"Helpful," "bright and sunny," "friendly and passionate"... Just ask around Gandharva Ville, and you'll hear this Trainee Forest Ranger praised to the skies in such terms.<br />
As long as her body allows, no matter how busy school gets, Collei will never slack off when it comes to her forest patrol work, and is always willing to lend a warm helping hand to whoever is in trouble, regardless of what walk of life they are from.<br />
Forest Ranger seems like a very cool profession, I'm really curious about what they do on a regular basis!

==Event Duration==
* August 23, 2022 – August 26, 2022 23:59
* Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on September 1.

==How to Participate==
During the event, comment on the post with your guess about the duties of the Forest Rangers and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Event Rewards==
We will randomly select 10 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to receive a set of Character Stands (each set contains 3 random characters).<br />
When the number of replies in the post exceeds 2,000, that is, when the number of replies reaches 2,001/4,001/6,001/8,001, the number of winners will be increased by 5, and the total number of additional winners will not exceed 30.

==Notes==
# Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Each Traveler is only eligible to receive one prize, and repeated comments are only counted once.
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: comments with content that violates our Community Rules, comments that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself) or creating a new post (instead of commenting on this post), comments with no relation to Genshin Impact and Collei, comments that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = "Sprout of Rebirth" Collei (Dendro) Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~
|zhs     = 「萃念初蘖」・柯莱登场 参与活动赢周边
|zhs_rm  = "Cuì Niàn Chū Niè" Kēlái Dēngchǎng Cānyù Huódòng Yíng Zhōubiān
|zht     = 「萃念初櫱」・柯萊登場 參與活動贏周邊
|zht_rm  = "Cuì Niàn Chū Niè" Kēlái Dēngchǎng Cānyù Huódòng Yíng Zhōubiān
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 「純真を抱く萌蘖」・コレイ登場！キャンペーンに参加してグッズを獲得しよう
|ja_rm   = "Junshin wo Daku Hougetsu" Korei Doujou! Kyanpeen ni Sankashite Guzzu wo Kakutokushiou
|ja_tl   = "A Sprout Embracing Purity" - Collei Appears! Participate in the Campaign and Get Goods
|ko      = 「다시 움튼 새싹」・콜레이 등장! 이벤트 참여하고 굿즈 획득
|ko_rm   = "Dasi Umteun Saessak" - Kollei Deungjang! Ibenteu Chamyeohago Gutjjeu Hoektteuk
|ko_tl   = "Resprouted Bud" - Collei Appear! Participate in the Event and Get Goods
|es      = ¡Collei, "la Promesa en Flor", ya está aquí! Participa en el evento para ganar premios de merchandising
|es_tl   = Collei, "the Flowering Promise," Is Now Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandising Prizes
|fr      = Collei · Germe de renaissance entre en scène - Participez à l'événement pour tenter de gagner des produits dérivés
|fr_tl   = Collei · Sprout of Rebirth Enters the Picture - Participate in the Event to Try to Win Merchandise
|ru      = «Росток возрождения» Коллеи уже здесь! Участвуйте в событии, чтобы выиграть мерч!
|ru_tl   = "Sprout of Rebirth" Collei Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise!
|th      = "ต้นกล้าเมื่อคราแรกแย้ม" - Collei มาแล้ว เข้าร่วมกิจกรรมเพื่อลุ้นรับสินค้าเกม
|th_rm   = "Thon Klar Muah Kra Laek Yaem" - Collei Maa Laew Khaw Lhuam Krij Ja Karm Pueah Lhun Rhub Sin Kah Game
|th_tl   = "Sprout of Rebirth" - Collei Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise
|vi      = Ra Mắt Mầm Non Tái Sinh - Collei! Tham Gia Sự Kiện Nhận Quà Lưu Niệm!
|vi_tl   = Introducing Sprout of Rebirth - Collei! Join the Event and Get Souvenirs!
|de      = „Taufrisches Keimblatt“ – Collei tritt auf! Nimm an der Aktion teil, um Fan-Artikel zu gewinnen!
|de_tl   = "Dewfresh Sprout" - Collei Appears! Take Part in the Event to Win Merchandise!
|id      = "Sprout of Rebirth" Collei Hadir! Ikuti Event-nya dan Menangkan Merchandise~
|id_tl   = "Sprout of Rebirth" Collei Is Present! Participate in the Event and Win Merchandise~
|pt      = "Broto de Renascimento" - Debute da Collei! Participe do evento para obter produtos de fãs!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}