{{Event
|name              = "Starglitter Suite" Character OST Review Submission Event
|image             = Starglitter Suite Character OST Review Submission Event.png
|type              = Web
|group             = OST Review
|group2            = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-01-11 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-01-24 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/14952933
}}
{{Description|Shimmering shooting stars cross the distant horizon.<br>Melodious tunes echo among the twinkling stars.}}
'''The "Endless Adventure in Teyvat" Themed Exhibition Is Now Available! Take Part to Win Primogems and Merchandise!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.3]].

==Album Description==
Genshin Impact's character album "[[The Stellar Moments Vol. 3]]" is out now! Featuring 26 splendid tracks composed by @HOYO-MiX, each one an original composition for the characters of Genshin Impact.

==Event Duration==
January 11 – January 24<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on February 6.

==How to Participate==
You can participate in the event by posting reviews and appreciation comments for the Genshin Impact's character album "The Stellar Moments Vol. 3" in the comments section of this event post.

==Event Rewards==
First Prize (1 winner): Primogems ×3,000<br>
Second Prize (3 winners): Primogems ×1,000<br>
Third Prize (5 winners): Primogems ×500<br>
Participation Prize (quantity not fixed): Avatar Frame

==Notes==
# The publishing of content that violates laws, regulations, and community rules is prohibited.
# Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# This event will be evaluated based on the submission's content, comments, likes, and other factors.
# The list of winners will be announced within 10 business days after the event ends. Travelers, please pay attention to the official announcements in time, and submit the winner information within 10 business days. Failure to submit the information in time will result in the forfeiture of your reward. After the information has been collected, the prizes will be delivered via mail. Thank you for your patience, Travelers!
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources and make sure to obtain authorization.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

[[pt-br:Concurso de Críticas Musicais "Suítes Sinfônicas das Estrelas"]]