{{Event
|name              = "Stage Lucida" Yun Jin Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise~
|image             = Stage Lucida Yun Jin Is Here! Participate in the Event to Win Merchandise.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-01-02 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-01-05 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/1839471
}}
Hello Travelers~

Today, we'd like to introduce you to our new friend, a renowned Liyue opera singer who is skilled in both playwriting and singing.

We've got the latest scoop on a new character, let's take a look~

[https://www.hoyolab.com/article/1839427 >>>Learn More About Yun Jin<<<]

Heyu Tea House has been a popular leisure spot for the people of Liyue, and the reason why it is a prosperous business is because the performance of the acclaimed troupe, Yun-Han Opera Troupe is showcased there.

The Yun-Han Opera Troupe's director and soul &mdash; a famed opera singer named Yun Jin &mdash; takes the stage at the tea house from time to time. Her style is one-of-a-kind, exquisite and delicate, much like the person herself. While one can always get delicious delicacies or good storytelling as long as one knows where to look, Yun Jin's performance does not just await one there.

As a result, you can always find fans of Yun Jin trying their luck at Heyu Tea House. While waiting for Yun Jin's performance, they discuss her past performances and how they feel about them. As such, more people frequent the tea house, with nine out of ten of them being Yun Jin's fans.

It is said that the opportunity to hear Yun Jin sing is quite rare. What piece would you like to hear her sing? We hope you get a chance to hear Yun Jin sing when you meet her~

==Event Duration==
*January 2, 2022 – January 5, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
*Results: The list of winners will be updated in [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/1839471 this event post] on January 12.

==How to Participate==
During the event, {{Color|Pyro|comment on [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/1839471 the post] about the opera passage that you want to hear Yun Jin sing}} and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Event Rewards==
* GENSHIN CONCERT Series Character Stand (Random) ×10
* We will randomly select 10 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to receive merchandise prizes~
* When the number of replies in the post exceeds 2,000, that is, when the number of replies reaches 2,001/4,001/6,001/8,001, the number of winners will be increased by 5, and the total number of additional winners will not exceed 30 (subsequent additional merchandise prizes will all be random GENSHIN CONCERT series character badges).

==Notes==
# Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Each Traveler is only eligible to receive one prize, and repeated comments are only counted once.
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: comments with content that violates our Community Rules, comments that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself) or creating a new post (instead of commenting on this post), comments with no relation to Genshin Impact and Yun Jin, comments that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

[[th:"สาวน้อยในม่านแดง" - Yun Jin มาแล้ว เข้าร่วมกิจกรรมเพื่อรับรางวัล~]]