{{Event
|name              = "Summertime in Teyvat" Music Cover Challenge
|image             = Summertime in Teyvat Music Cover Challenge.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-06-23 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-07-23 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/272
}}
{{Description|Hello Travelers~<br>With the radiant glow of sunlight and the sea breeze caressing your face, summer has arrived in Teyvat! Let's use music to create unforgettable summer memories together!<br>Interested in taking part? No problem! Choose a snippet or the whole fanmade summer theme song and create a cover with your unique voice and performance! You may also create your very own summer music video with scenes, characters, and game elements from Genshin Impact. Unleash your imagination and let the vibrant colors of summer bloom!<br>Winners will have a chance to obtain an Alienware keyboard and Primogems. In addition, winning works will also be displayed on our official HoYoLAB account!<br>https://open.spotify.com/album/0tYN296rSYlJBaB5VRQhfA
}}
'''"Summertime in Teyvat" Music Cover Challenge''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.7]].

==How to Participate==
Post your submission on the event page and tag your post with #SummerWithGenshin to be considered a successful participant. There are 2 different categories you can post your submission to:

Summer Karaoke: Cover a snippet or the whole summer theme song

Original Summer Music Video: Create your very own summer music video using the summer theme song with scenes, characters, and game elements from Genshin Impact

==Event Duration==
Submission Period: June 23, 2023 – July 23, 2023<br>
Voting Period: July 23, 2023 – July 30, 2023<br>
Results: July 31, 2023<br>
Details: No rewards will be given for any invalid submissions that failed to meet the contest rules among this event's Popularity Award winners. Thank you for your understanding.

==Event Rewards==
* Most Creative (2 Winners)
** Based on quality, completion, creativity, and other aspects, we will select 2 winners to receive a reward of Alienware keyboard (Cherry MX Brown) ×1 + summer event-exclusive postcard (random design) ×1 + Primogems ×300.
* Most Popular (18 Winners)
** After the voting period ends, the top 18 players will receive a reward of summer event-exclusive postcard (random design) ×1 + Primogems ×300.
* Participation Prize (Multiple Winners)
** Summer Avatar Frame

==Submission Requirements==
===Graphics===
# The camera needs to be at a fixed position and the orientation must be set to horizontal.
# Use a clean background, preferably white.
# Your upper body (waist and up) must be shown. You can wear masks or use your own copyrighted VTuber model.

===Audio===
# You must use human voices, instruments that mimic human voice, or electronic voices copyrighted by you.
# Make sure that your audio is clean. Your vocal tracks should not contain background music (place them in separate tracks). Submit your unprocessed audio in wav or mp3 format, or a mixed audio format of your choice (if applicable).

==Notes==
# Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# If the same entry wins on multiple platforms, the prize will be issued according to the platform it was first posted on after final verification (only one prize will be issued).
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources and make sure to obtain authorization.
# After the list of winners is announced, if Travelers have any objection to the prize-winning works, they can give feedback through the customer support email or in-game customer support. If a prize-winning work is suspected of violating the event rules, we will revoke the prize and this user's account will be permanently banned from participating in any future community events.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# By participating in this event, you authorize HoYoverse to publish and exhibit your work on public platforms. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Customer Service.
# This is a work created by third parties. It is not affiliated with Genshin Impact's official content.
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings: https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}