{{Event Tabs||story = no}}
{{Event
|name              = "Tabletop Troupe Pros" - Take Part in the Event to Win Primogems!
|image             = "Tabletop Troupe Pros" - Take Part in the Event to Win Primogems!.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-06-06 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = UTC+8
|time_end          = 2024-06-13 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = UTC+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/123976
|link2             = https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1798566987460948181
|link2name         = Twitter : Chef variant
|link3             = https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1798566736054329712
|link3name         = Twitter : Doctor variant
}}
{{Description|Select the role you want to play and join the Tabletop Troupe with Clorinde!}}
'''"Tabletop Troupe Pros" - Take Part in the Event to Win Primogems!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.7]].

==Event Details==
===Duration===
* June 6, 2024 — June 13, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results Announcement: June 21, 2024

===How to Participate===
====X (Twitter)====
*Click the name tag icon at the bottom of the post and select the role you want to play in the Tabletop Troupe. Submit your work with the hashtag #TabletopTroupePros to enter the prize draw!

====Other Platforms====
*Select the role you want to play in the Tabletop Troupe, then post it with the hashtag #TabletopTroupePros and your Genshin Impact UID. Set the post to public, and you'll be in for the lucky draw!

===Notes===
# The list of winners will be posted within two weeks after the event ends.
# Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked.
# The event is held on multiple platforms, and winning submissions will be drawn from across all platforms. The above rewards are the total rewards for all platforms. There is no amount of prizes set aside for each platform and region.
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' rights (including but not limited to their copyright, trademark rights, and personal rights) are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources and make sure to obtain authorization.
# After the list of winners is announced, if Travelers have any objection to the prize-winning works, they can give feedback through the customer support email or in-game customer support. If a prize-winning work is suspected of violating the event rules, we will revoke the prize and this user's account will be permanently banned from participating in any future community events.
# By participating in this event, participants agree to have their game UID published on the event platform. Game UIDs will only be used to issue Primogem rewards to winning players and will be protected in accordance with the legal and policy provisions of local privacy protection laws.
# If the issuance of rewards fails due to the player providing the wrong game UID, the official team will not re-issue the reward.
# Primogem rewards will be delivered within 20 business days after the results are announced.
# By participating in this event, participants authorize HoYoverse to publish and exhibit their event works on public platforms. If participants have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact HoYoverse Customer Service.

==Total Rewards==
100 winners will get the following reward:
{{Event Rewards
|Primogem = 160
|sort  = Primogem
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}