{{Event
|name              = "The Wonderful Animals of Teyvat" Animal Themed Photo Submission Contest
|image             = The Wonderful Animals of Teyvat Animal Themed Photo Submission Contest.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-05-13 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-05-25 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/20909
|link2             = 
}}
{{Description|Take a break during the journey,<br>have a good time with cute animals,<br>and keep the delightful memories through photography.}}
'''"The Wonderful Animals of Teyvat" Animal Themed Photo Submission Contest''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 2.6]].

==Event Duration==
* May 13, 2022 – May 25, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on May 31.

==How to Participate==
Post an original photo with the hashtag '''#TheWonderfulAnimalsOfTeyvat''' and '''#GenshinImpact''' and meet the requirements for participation in the event, and you will be considered a successful participant.
* Travelers participating in the event are required to make their accounts and posts public

==Submission Requirements==
# Each original photo must contain at least one of the "[[Wildlife]]" from "[[Living Beings]]" in Genshin Impact.
# The original photos should be taken in [[Mondstadt]], [[Liyue]], or [[Inazuma]].
# Nickname and UID from the game must be clearly visible in the submission.

==Event Rewards==
* First Prize (1 Winner)
** 3,000 Primogems
* Second Prize (3 Winners)
** 1,000 Primogems
* Third Prize (5 Winners)
** 500 Primogems

==Other Details==
# The publishing of content that violates laws, regulations, or community rules is prohibited. By participating in this event, you agree to have your UID and Nickname published on the event platform.
# Publishing content that is not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event, but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# This event will be evaluated based on the quality, comments, likes, and other factors of the submitted content.
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources and make sure to obtain authorization.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[pt-br:Rastros Amigáveis na Natureza]]
[[th:กิจกรรมคอมมูนิตี้: ประกวดภาพถ่ายธีมสิ่งมีชีวิตตัวน้อย "สัตว์น้อยน่ารักกลางผืนป่า"]]
[[uk:Конкурс фотографій на тему тварин "Чудові тварини Тейвату"]]