{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73520; 73523
|image         = Event Quest That Incident From Twenty Years Ago.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = A Parade of Providence
|requirement   = Complete [[Opening Festivities]]
|characters    = Dori; Kashmer; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = Sachin's Article
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
}}
'''''"That Incident From Twenty Years Ago"''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[A Parade of Providence]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Dori
# Talk to Kashmer
# Continue looking for clues

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Dori says that she has the latest update on the Akademiya Extravaganza. Why not go and hear it?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Dori)
:'''Dori:''' Have you decided to buy information from me?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmmm... Paimon's a little curious about your exclusive information, but we need to hear the price first! If it's too expensive, then forget it.
:'''Dori:''' I'll sell it to you for the fixed price of one million Mora!
:'''Paimon:''' That's a lot! Never mind, one million Mora can buy lots and lots of tasty food!
:'''Dori:''' Wait a sec... Let me see... Eh? Paimon is customer number 1,001 for today. The original cost of the information was one million Mora, but for you the price is now free!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh!? Paimon didn't knew such luck exists!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, you're not baiting us into spending, are you? Maybe the first sentence is free, but not the next sentence...
:'''Dori:''' If you don't want it, fine! Next!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, wait, wait, forget what Paimon said. We'll listen!
:'''Dori:''' Dori's exclusive scoop number one! Do you remember the Diadem of Knowledge?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers that only the champion was entitled to wear the diadem. It seemed very valuable!
:'''Dori:''' Exactly. The diadem that Sachin gave the Akademiya was a rather expensive antique.
:'''Dori:''' Yet this very diadem, after it was donated to the Akademiya, was lost by them once before!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Why didn't we hear about this?
:'''Dori:''' Hehe... if everyone knew about this, would my information still be considered "exclusive"?
:'''Dori:''' Of course, this information doesn't come from nowhere. I've got witnesses, too.
:'''Dori:''' There's a young fellow named Kashmer from the suburbs. If you're interested in delving further, you could ask him.
:'''Dori:''' The password is "that incident from twenty years ago"!

;(Talk to Dori again)
:'''Dori:''' Is there anything else you want to know? If you want more information, you gotta pay extra!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Will Kashmer have any information regarding the "incident from twenty years ago" that Dori mentioned?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Kashmer)
:'''Kashmer:''' Who are you guys? Is there something you need?
:{{DIcon}} No...
:;(Leaves dialogue)
:{{DIcon}} "That Incident From Twenty Years Ago"
:'''Kashmer:''' ... I guess I shouldn't have told anyone. Last time I had too much to drink and blabbered a little too much, and now people are seeking me out.
:'''Kashmer:''' Since you're curious, I guess I'll tell you.
:'''Kashmer:''' I was just six years old twenty years ago, so I can't remember clearly what happened at the time. But recently, I read the diary I kept when I was a child, and vaguely recalled the situation back then.
:'''Kashmer:''' The Interdarshan Championship was also held that year. There were three rounds, the last of which was outside the city. I begged my mom to take me out of town to see it, and when she refused, I snuck out.
:'''Paimon:''' And then?
:'''Kashmer:''' I ended up getting lost outside the city. In the middle of nowhere, there was no one around. I grew more and more frightened and began to cry.
:'''Kashmer:''' That's when I saw some strange creatures... I can't remember what they looked like. I only remember how, as a child, I stopped crying at the sight of them.
:'''Paimon:''' Strange creatures... they must be...
:{{DIcon}} (The [[Aranara]].)
:'''Kashmer:''' They took me to the competition. Unfortunately, by the time we got there, it was too late. It was already over.
:'''Kashmer:''' Just when I was disheartened, I suddenly saw one of those strange creatures slowly dragging a crown along.
:'''Kashmer:''' It was a beautiful crown, shining in the moonlight, and I could not help but follow it. I saw the little fellow hide the crown in a hollow tree before disappearing.
:'''Kashmer:''' I wanted to touch that crown. But at the moment, I could hear the distant cries of my mother. It turns out, she figured out I was lost, and got her neighbors to go looking for me.
:'''Kashmer:''' I never got to touch it. It wasn't until I was older, when I saw the "Diadem of Knowledge" at the Interdarshan Championship that I realized it was the same thing.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright... do you remember where that diadem ended up?
:'''Kashmer:''' It's probably in the Avidya Forest, but I've been back a few times, and I haven't found anything.
:'''Kashmer:''' No one would believe me, even if I told them. Alas, even I can't remember it clearly. Perhaps, it was a dream I had when I was a child.
:'''Paimon:''' Well... should we go look for it, {{Traveler}}?

;(Talk to Kashmer again)
:'''Kashmer:''' What exactly happened back then?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Is Kashmer's memory reliable? You might need something more concrete to get closer to the truth...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' There's a hole in the tree. It seems completely empty, and there's nothing in it...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Wait! There's a note there!
:'''Paimon:''' "The good Nara taught Arakasyapa how to read. Arakasyapa must protect the good Nara..."
:'''Paimon:''' What's this supposed to mean?
:;(Quest ends)

;(Interact with the note)
:'''{{Traveler}}''' (Faint traces of writing can be seen on the weathered note...)
:'''{{Traveler}}''' ("The good Nara taught Arakasyapa how to read. Arakasyapa must protect him...")
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The Traveler will still conclude that Kashmer was talking about the [[Aranara]] even if the Traveler has never met any Aranara.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = "That Incident From Twenty Years Ago"
|zhs       = 「二十年前的事」
|zhs_rm    = "Èrshí Nián Qián de Shì"
|zht       = 「二十年前的事」
|zht_rm    = "Èrshí Nián Qián de Shì"
|zh_tl     = "The Matter From Twenty Years Ago"
|ja        = 「二十年前の出来事」
|ja_rm     = "Nijuunen-mae no Dekigoto"
|ja_tl     = 
|ko        = 「<20:이십>년 전<->의 일」
|ko_tl     = "The Matter From 20 Years Ago"
|es        = Aquello de hace veinte años
|es_tl     = That From Twenty Years Ago
|fr        = «&nbsp;L'incident d'il y a vingt ans&nbsp;»
|fr_tl     = "The Incident From Twenty Years Ago"
|ru        = «Событие двадцатилетней давности»
|ru_tl     = "Incident From Twenty Years Ago"
|th        = "เรื่องเมื่อยี่สิบปีก่อน"
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Chuyện Hai Mươi Năm Trước
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = „Vor zwanzig Jahren“
|de_tl     = "Twenty Years Ago"
|id        = Kejadian Dua Puluh Tahun yang Lalu
|id_tl     = The Incident From Twenty Years Ago
|pt        = "Aquilo de vinte anos atrás"...
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = "Yirmi Yıl Önceki O Olay"
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = "Quell'incidente di vent'anni fa"
|it_tl     = "That Incident From Twenty Years Ago"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[ja:「二十年前の出来事」]]
[[pt-br:"Aquilo de vinte anos atrás"...]]
[[ru:«Событие двадцатилетней давности»]]