{{Event
|name              = The Promise of a Worldly Encounter Photo Contest
|image             = The Promise of a Worldly Encounter.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-09-01 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-10-11 23:59:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/53
}}
Hi Travelers~

"The Promise of a Worldly Encounter" Photo Submission Contest has begun. Come capture the most beautiful moments in Teyvat!

==Event Duration==
*Start and End Dates: September 1 – October 20 23:59
*Prize Winner Announcement: October 28
*All times are in UTC+8

==How to Participate==
# Use the in-game camera function to record beautiful moments in Teyvat.
# Click the "Post Image" button on the Event Details page to submit your artwork.
# Traveler participation is deemed successful once the two steps above are completed~

==Submission Criteria==
# The original photo work must show the game UID.
# Five photos can be submitted per HoYoLAB account. Each submission can consist of up to one photo.
# Works of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: those with content that violates our Community Rules, those that plagiarize or defraud the work of other creators, those with no relation to Genshin Impact, works that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game or its characters.
# Travelers should participate in the event in accordance with the steps under How to Participate. In any of the following circumstances, participation will be deemed to be invalid:
## Submissions fall outside of the stipulated time period (UTC+8) or are posted outside of the Genshin Impact community (HoYoLAB).
## Entries are not posted on the submission event page.

==Event Rewards==
*Worldly Shadows (Primogems ×1,000, Paimon Food Theme Blind Box - Full Set ×1) ×5
*Worldly Pleasures (Primogems ×500, Trick-or-Treat Party-themed Merchandise Set - Random Character ×1) ×10
*Worldly Tunes (1-month subscription to Discord Nitro) ×50

==Notes==
# Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes
# By participating in this event, users grant miHoYo the right to distribute the content of their submissions online or offline. The Genshin Impact team may publish some outstanding works on HoYoLAB from time to time, adding them to the featured posts and recommendations on the home page. Featured or recommended works are not related to event prizes. The issuance of rewards is based on the final evaluation results. The content creators retain the right to include their names in their submissions.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
[[pt-br:Encontro no Mundo Mortal]]