{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73281
|image         = World Quest The Falcons Hunt.png
|type          = World
|characters    = Liloupar; Masseira; Paimon; Tadhla; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Tanit Camps]]
|region        = Sumeru
|subregion     = Great Red Sand
|area          = Desert of Hadramaveth
|subarea       = Tanit Camps
|prev          = [[Tadhla the Falcon]]
|next          = [[The Fallen Falcon]]
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Primogem*40;Mora*40,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3
}}
'''''"The Falcon's Hunt"''''' is a World Quest that can be started in [[Tanit Camps]] and will be given immediately upon completing the {{Quest|Tadhla the Falcon}}.

==Steps==
# Wait till the next morning (08:00 – 12:00)
# Talk to [[Masseira]]
# Talk to [[Tadhla]]
# Go to the Red Vulture's lair
# Search for traces of the [[Red Vulture]] on the way
# Go to the Red Vulture's lair
# Enter the Red Vulture's lair
# Wait till the next morning (01:00 – 03:00)
# Go to the hiding place and wait until the Red Vulture returns to the lair
#* This step occurs if the player leaves the area before the next morning comes
# Hunt the Red Vulture/Hunt the Enraged Red Vulture
#* Version 1:
#** {{Enemy|Consecrated Red Vulture|text=Red Vulture &mdash; Hunter from on High}}
#* Version 2:
#** {{Enemy|Consecrated Red Vulture|text=Enraged Red Vulture &mdash; "My Precious!"}}
# Rest for a night and talk to Tadhla
# Go to the [[Scorpion]]'s lair
# Enter the Scorpion's lair
# Conceal yourself in the hiding place
# Hunt the stunned Scorpion/Hunt the poisoned Scorpion/Hunt the Scorpion
#* Wave 1:
#** Version 1:
#*** {{Enemy|Consecrated Scorpion|text=Stunned Scorpion &mdash; Savage, Not Shrewd...}}
#** Version 2:
#*** {{Enemy|Consecrated Scorpion|text=Poisoned Scorpion &mdash; Is This About Revenge?}}
#** Version 3:
#*** {{Enemy|Consecrated Scorpion|text=Scorpion &mdash; Lethal Ambusher}}
#* Wave 2:
#** {{Enemy|Consecrated Scorpion|text=Necrotic Scorpion &mdash; The Hunter's Twin}}
# Enter the [[Flying Serpent]]'s cave
# Hunt the Flying Serpent
#* {{Enemy|Consecrated Flying Serpent|text=Flying Serpent &mdash; Fallen Envoy}}
# Obtain [[Liloupar]]'s fragment
# Report back to Masseira

==Gameplay Notes==
* [[Tadhla]] will fight alongside the player during steps 10 & 15 as an {{Enemy|Eremite Galehunter}}.
* If the player interacts with the shiny stuff in the Red Vulture's lair instead of waiting, the enraged version of the vulture will be fought.
* If the player chooses the viper venom bait when hunting the Scorpion, the Poisoned Scorpion will spawn with less health.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After the previous adventure, it seems that Masseira still has some favor to ask of you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Tadhla, optional)
:'''Tadhla:''' Hello, the Master of the Jinni.
:{{DIcon}} How is your wound? Is it getting better?
::'''Tadhla:''' Nothing to worry about. No need to worry about me.
:{{DIcon}} Bye.
::'''Tadhla:''' Goodbye.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Masseira, optional)
:'''Masseira:''' (...Tadhla... your growth is... too slow...)

;(Talk to Masseira)
:'''Masseira:''' Ah! If it isn't the esteemed Master of the [[Jinni]], savior of my little Falcon.
:'''Masseira:''' I'm embarrassed to ask but could you do me another favor? It's a hunting task.
:'''Masseira:''' Simply put, this is about Tadhla's coming-of-age ceremony. Please witness her growth for me.
:'''Masseira:''' She could be a bit of a handful, but I promise you will be well compensated. So I'm wondering if you would like to...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, just leave it to us!
:'''Liloupar:''' *sigh*...
:{{DIcon}} We accept your commission.
::'''Liloupar:''' *sigh* Really, must we...
:{{DIcon}} About the hunt...
::'''Masseira:''' It's the coming-of-age ceremony for Tadhla. I used to train the "Falcons" in the tribe personally, but now... I'm no longer as agile as I once was.
::'''Masseira:''' After the previous commission, Tadhla said you have her trust. This is why I want to ask you to join in and see the Falcon's growth.
::{{DIcon}} I see. I'll help.
::'''Masseira:''' It's very kind of you. Please find Tadhla. She'll give you the details of this hunt.
:{{DIcon}} I have other plans.
::'''Masseira:''' Well then, I shall leave you alone.

;(Talk to Masseira again, optional)
:'''Masseira:''' Prey won't hunt themselves for us. Please go find Tadhla to learn what needs to be done.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Tadhla, optional)
:'''Tadhla:''' (...Why can't you let me finish my coming-of-age ceremony on my own...)

;(Talk to Tadhla)
:'''Tadhla:''' Hello, thank you for your help.
:'''Paimon:''' Tadhla! Looks like you're in better spirits now! How's your wound now? Has it healed?
:'''Tadhla:''' Thank you for asking. Yes, it has healed... but left an indelible scar.
:'''Tadhla:''' No need to worry about me. Master... I mean, my father must have given you this commission.
:'''Liloupar:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Alright...
:{{DIcon}} "Master"...?
::'''Tadhla:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} "Father"...?
::'''Tadhla:''' That's not the target for this hunt. My apologies.
:'''Tadhla:''' There are three targets for this hunt: the Red Vulture, the Scorpion, and the Flying Serpent.
:'''Tadhla:''' First, the Red Vulture. We have already confirmed its whereabouts. All that needs to be done is to track it down.
:'''Tadhla:''' But of course, if you have other priorities, I'll wait here until you're all set. Only the prey won't be as patient as I am...
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Tadhla:''' Please follow me.
:{{DIcon}} I have to finish something else first.
::'''Tadhla:''' Don't worry, I'll be here waiting for you.

;(Talk to Tadhla again, if the conversation was exited)
:'''Tadhla:''' Hello. Are you ready to go?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Tadhla:''' Please follow me.
:{{DIcon}} I'm just passing by.
::'''Tadhla:''' Okay... I'll wait for you.

:'''Tadhla:''' Please follow me. We have already confirmed its whereabouts. All that needs to be done is to track it down.
:'''Tadhla:''' By the way, are you wearing any perfume?
:'''Paimon:''' No, why'd you ask?
:'''Tadhla:''' Great, neither am I.

;(Talk to Masseira, optional)
:'''Masseira:''' Ah, you're back. Is there something else you want to talk about? Or are you just looking to chat?
:{{DIcon}} About Tadhla...
::'''Masseira:''' I believe she will be a real Falcon after training with you.
:{{DIcon}} About the "coming-of-age ceremony"...
::'''Masseira:''' Act alone or with company and hunt formidable targets, become a qualified "Falcon" for the tribe, and deal with prey and enemies...
::'''Masseira:''' Simple.
:{{DIcon}} Bye.
::'''Masseira:''' Good luck with the hunt.
----
;(Approach the first glowing area)
:'''Tadhla:''' What is that over there?

;(Investigate the first glowing area)
:'''Tadhla:''' She must have dropped these while fighting over food... Female, smelling of carrion... She's had a good meal and should be back in the nest soon.
:'''Tadhla:''' Let's follow her back to the nest.

;(Approach the second glowing area)
:'''Tadhla:''' We're on the right track. There's more debris ahead.

;(Investigate the second glowing area)
:'''Tadhla:''' Droppings and weasel fur... There's still a little moisture. She's not too far away.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! You shouldn't pinch it with your hands...
:'''Tadhla:''' Why? You want it?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't want it!
:'''Tadhla:''' You can use them to cover your own scent. It will help.

;(Approach the third glowing area)
:'''Tadhla:''' What is that? Let's take a closer look.

;(Investigate the third glowing area)
:'''Tadhla:''' Paw prints... Ah, it's covered with sand. She landed here, apparently noticing that someone was following her...
:'''Paimon:''' Tadhla really has good eyesight.
:'''Tadhla:''' Shh... We could bump into her at any moment. Best not to startle her.

;(After investigating all 3 areas)
:'''Tadhla:''' I can smell the lair. Yes, it is right there.
:'''Tadhla:''' Well then, let's go.

;(If the player approaches the lair without investigating all areas){{Verify}}
:'''Tadhla:''' Wait, we should follow the trail&mdash; hmm?
:'''Tadhla:''' Please slow down, you'll alert the Red Vulture.
----
;(Approach the Red Vulture's lair)
:'''Tadhla:''' This is her lair.
:;(If the player did not investigate all areas){{Verify}}
::'''Tadhla:''' ...
::'''Tadhla:''' I don't know if you're purely reckless, or highly instinctual... But we still have time.
:'''Tadhla:''' Red Vultures are careful and wicked by nature. She's probably sensed the danger and fled already, leaving us an empty lair.
:'''Tadhla:''' Now we must wait with patience.
:{{DIcon}} When will the Red Vulture return?
::'''Tadhla:''' Not until she no longer feels in danger... Also, even if she senses our presence in the lair, she'd still be forced back here by the piercing cold of midnight.
:{{DIcon}} What's twinkling over there?
::'''Tadhla:''' "Fool's Gold." Red Vultures love collecting shiny stuff.
::'''Paimon:''' "Fool's Gold"... Hmm... Sounds like Fatui's hidden treasure...
::'''Liloupar:''' "Fool's Gold" are things that only simpletons would believe to be valuable.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon certainly wouldn't fall for that!
::'''Tadhla:''' Shh... You wouldn't want to have any of those. They are mostly commonplace alloys like brass and bronze that are not worth much.
:'''Tadhla:''' We will stay here and wait until midnight. Please have a rest if you are tired. I'll keep watch.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... The Red Vulture won't be back anytime soon. Why don't we check out the {{color|buzzword|shiny stuff}} first?

;(Talk to Tadhla - optional)
:'''Tadhla:''' ...She hasn't returned yet. Please stay put, or she'll be alarmed.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Tadhla, optional)
:'''Tadhla:''' (...Don't think about it too much, Tadhla, you're just a Falcon...)

;(Approach the shiny stuff without waiting)
:'''Tadhla:''' What are you doing? Come back!

;(Approach the Red Vulture after waiting)
:'''Tadhla:''' Let's go.

;(After defeating the Red Vulture)
;(If all areas were investigated)
::'''Tadhla:''' You are such a talented hunter. No wonder Father commissioned you to help me with this hunt.
;(If not all areas were investigated)
::'''Tadhla:''' Please forgive me for having doubted you. You have proven that you are a talented hunter.
::'''Tadhla:''' We may operate under different approaches, but I must say you have amazing instincts...
:'''Tadhla:''' Please leave the rest to me. If you really are interested in this, I can teach you step by step.
:{{DIcon}} Please teach me.
::'''Tadhla:''' Very well.
::{{Black Screen|Tadhla demonstrates how to dissect a prey. You and Paimon seem to have learned a new skill that you probably will never actually put into practice.}}
::{{Black Screen|After the demonstration, Tadhla shows you her hands soaked by the blood of her prey, a faint smile appearing on her lips.<br>This is the first time that she has revealed any trace of her emotions.}}
:{{DIcon}} Uh... I'll pass.
::'''Tadhla:''' Suit yourselves.
::{{Black Screen|Tadhla dissects the prey with great proficiency and wraps it up in a package.}}
:'''Tadhla:''' Hmm... The smell of blood. Good.
;(If all areas were investigated)
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon can smell it, too! Uh... Such a strong smell... Aren't you going to wash it off?
;(If not all areas were investigated){{Verify}}
::'''Paimon:''' Uh... The smell of blood is really strong! Aren't you going to wash it off or something?
:'''Tadhla:''' No, because we are going to hunt the Scorpion now.
:'''Liloupar:''' Scorpions are predators. They relish the smell of fresh blood.
:'''Tadhla:''' That's right.
:'''Paimon:''' Ohh... Alright... Paimon will hold her breath anyway!
:'''Tadhla:''' Do you need more rest or should we set out right now?
:'''Tadhla:''' It's decently chilly in this lair, our prey's meat should be able to stay overnight and not go bad... We could spend the night here to avoid the cold outside.
;(If all areas were investigated)
::'''Paimon:''' Sounds good to Paimon! The temperature feels just right in here. Let's all just get some good rest for the night!
;(If not all areas were investigated){{Verify}}
::'''Paimon:''' Yep yep, let's get some good rest while it's still chilly and cozy in here.
:'''Liloupar:''' It appears that the little one desires to be slothful again.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph, Paimon knows when she feels cold and tired! Not everyone is immune to temperature changes like you!
:{{Black Screen|Tadhla fetches some desert poplar branches and dried feces. Soon, a simple campfire is built.<br>Sitting and bathing in its warm light, you all share filling quantities of food and water with each other.<br>Watching the campfire dancing and crackling, you find yourselves absent of any topics to discuss...}}
:'''Tadhla:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} About Masseira...
::'''Tadhla:''' He is my father. I am his "Falcon."
::{{DIcon}} ...
:::'''Tadhla:''' ...
::{{DIcon}} And...?
:::'''Tadhla:''' Talking the talk is the doings of parrots. Falcons only walk the walk.
:{{DIcon}} About you...
::'''Tadhla:''' About me...?
::'''Tadhla:''' There's nothing much to say about me... Are you sure you want to know more about me?
::{{DIcon}} Is that so strange?
:::'''Tadhla:''' I am a Falcon. I am only allowed to learn about my prey, not any other way around.
:::'''Tadhla:''' So... I am sorry, but I will not betray myself to you.
:::'''Liloupar:''' Be that so? Some advice to you, child: Think for yourself.
::{{DIcon}} I want to know what kind of person I am working with.
:::'''Tadhla:''' "Person"? No. A "Falcon"? Yes.
:::'''Tadhla:''' Please rest assured. I will not disobey you or leave you behind. It is Father who entrusted me to you.
:::'''Liloupar:''' Heh... A blind-folded Falcon. In what world would she care about how beautiful she is?
:'''Tadhla:''' Did you rest well? Are we ready to go?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go and continue the hunt.
::'''Tadhla:''' Please follow me.
:{{DIcon}} I have some other things to do. I'll be back later.
::'''Tadhla:''' Suit yourselves.
;(Obtain {{Item|Red Vulture's Feather}})

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Tadhla, optional)
:'''Tadhla:''' (...Don't think about it too much, Tadhla, you're just a Falcon...)
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Liloupar:''' Paimon, you've been holding your nose the whole time.
:'''Paimon:''' Because it stinks of blood...
:'''Liloupar:''' But all the scents that greet me are from wild creatures... Ah, it is not so foul.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, speaking of which, where "is" your nose?
:'''Liloupar:''' Hmph, be silent...

;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Tadhla:''' Here we are.
:'''Tadhla:''' Scorpions are only active under the veil of night. There is still some time before the night falls. Why don't we plan how we hunt the Scorpion?
:'''Tadhla:''' First option, we can mix the secretions of Sand Grease Pupa with a few ground poisonous mushrooms. Secretions of Sand Grease Pupa should lure the Scorpion to take the bait, then ground poisonous mushrooms can paralyze the Scorpion.
:'''Tadhla:''' The toxin is not strong enough to kill it, but would very well suffice to immobilize it.
:'''Tadhla:''' Or, we can mash up a mixture of Henna Berries and viper venom. Then make some poisonous bait by adding fresh meat into the mush. We fight fire with fire.
:'''Tadhla:''' But viper venom is a rare resource. It'll be a huge waste to use it all for the bait... I'll adjust the portions to make sure the bait is just poisonous enough to weaken the Scorpion but not kill it.
:'''Tadhla:''' There's also a third method... Not a clever one though. We risk our lives to hunt it down without any of preparation.
:'''Tadhla:''' But this method has its merits, too. It avoids any contamination so that we can extract the purest Scorpion venom.
:'''Tadhla:''' I'll leave the final choice to you. Please take your time.
:'''Tadhla:''' Oh, one more thing. When fighting with the Scorpion, we must be very careful. Its toxin can be lethal.
:{{DIcon}} Let's use the paralyzing poisonous bait.
::'''Tadhla:''' Very well... Are there any cuts or scratches on your hands?
::{{Black Screen|Tadhla prepares the poisonous bait carefully as you wait patiently in the cave until the moon rises...}}
::'''Tadhla:''' It's working. Let's go!
:{{DIcon}} Let's use the viper venom bait.
::'''Tadhla:''' Be careful and don't cut yourself. It'll be a disaster if viper venom gets into your body.
::{{Black Screen|Tadhla prepares the poisonous bait carefully as you wait patiently in the cave until the moon rises...}}
::'''Tadhla:''' It has been weakened. Let's go!
:{{DIcon}} I don't need any bait.
::'''Tadhla:''' Then I will watch your back.

;(Talk to Tadhla)
:'''Tadhla:''' We need to wait patiently... They should've smelled the blood, but they wont be active before the night falls.

;(After hiding)
:'''Tadhla:''' It's here. Let's go!

;(After defeating the first scorpion)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh!? How is there another one?

;(After defeating the second scorpion)
:'''Tadhla:''' ...Thank you. You didn't have to do this for me.
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright?
::'''Tadhla:''' I'm fine.
::'''Paimon:''' You are bleeding...
::'''Tadhla:''' It's nothing. Just a scratch.
:{{DIcon}} Are you hurt?
::'''Tadhla:''' No... Um... Just a little bit, but it doesn't matter.
::'''Paimon:''' Don't push yourself too hard.
::'''Tadhla:''' I won't. Thank you, Paimon.
:'''Tadhla:''' Alright... Next up, dissection.
:{{DIcon}} Can I take a look?
::'''Tadhla:''' ...?
::'''Tadhla:''' Pfft...
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? What's so funny?
::'''Liloupar:''' Pretty uncommon for a Falcon, I would say.
::'''Tadhla:''' It's just... It's kind of funny when you suddenly asked to see how I dissect the Scorpion.
::'''Tadhla:''' I barely know anyone else who is as interested in taking apart prey as you are. Or are you interested in this for some other reason?
::{{DIcon}} I'm just worried that your hands might shake.
::'''Tadhla:''' They do not shake when I hunt. Nor will they shake when I harvest my prey.
::'''Tadhla:''' No need to worry. I am a "Falcon," after all...
::{{Black Screen|Tadhla slowly cuts the Scorpion open, harvests its poison glands, and removes the useless organs, and carefully wraps them up in separate packages.<br>While doing this, her hands are nimble and steady, as if playing a soundless musical instrument that is made of blood and chitin.<br>...It is only a short while before she finishes the dissection.}}
::{{Black Screen|After all this work, Tadhla lets out a long breath.<br>Her forehead is dotted with tiny beads of sweat, her breaths tremulous... Her fresh wound must really hurt.}}
:{{DIcon}} You should take a break.
::'''Tadhla:''' No... If not preserved properly, the poison glands will spoil in the air and become useless.
::{{Black Screen|Tadhla harvests the Scorpion with ease, removing its poison glands and useless organs, then carefully wraps them up in separate packages.<br>After that, she shows you her stained hands without a change of expression on her face. Somehow you feel that she is trying to prove something to you...}}
:'''Tadhla:''' See? It's just a scratch. For a Falcon, it's nothing to worry about.
:'''Tadhla:''' Alright, we still need to hunt the Flying Serpent. Let's go.
;(Obtain {{Item|Scorpion's Sting}})

:'''Tadhla:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Tadhla, you don't look so well. Do you need some rest?
:'''Tadhla:''' I'm fine.
:'''Liloupar:''' Falcons get injured, too. There's no need to be ashamed of such facts, little one.
:'''Tadhla:''' I'm not.
----
;(Enter the Flying Serpent's cave)
:'''Liloupar:''' Wait... I feel it... The familiar... pain.
:'''Liloupar:''' It is my soul, my fragments... One is around here...
:'''Tadhla:''' This place is a habitat for flying serpents. Seems this oasis is powered by one of the Jinni's fragments and has become an ecosystem for them...
:'''Liloupar:''' That's right. Uh... No, I can't sense the fragment due to the interference of the flying serpents here. Their scents are too thick, too pungent...
:'''Paimon:''' Then let's go deep and take them down!
:'''Tadhla:''' Yes...
:'''Liloupar:''' I guess you wanted to say "Let's go!" but you'd better stand down and take a break.
:'''Tadhla:''' ...I'll check the Flying Serpent up ahead.
:'''Tadhla:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Tadhla! Are you alright?
:'''Tadhla:''' *pant* Yes...
:'''Liloupar:''' She means to say that "It hurts."
:'''Tadhla:''' I... Do not...
:{{DIcon}} It's okay. Let me do it.
::'''Paimon:''' Yes, you should get some rest!
:{{DIcon}} Leave the rest to me.
::'''Paimon:''' Yes, from now on, you can totally count on us! Umm, Paimon means you can totally count on {{Traveler}}!
:'''Tadhla:''' ...

;(Talk to Tadhla, optional)
:'''Tadhla:''' *pant* If you need my assistance... please let me know, anytime.
:{{DIcon}}You should have a rest here.
::'''Tadhla:''' ...
:{{DIcon}}Your condition is not suitable for hunting.
::'''Tadhla:''' Hmph...

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Tadhla, optional)
:'''Tadhla:''' (...So thirsty... and hurting... and cold...)

;(After defeating the Flying Serpent)
:'''Tadhla:''' Sorry for not being helpful...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't say that, you deserve some rest! There's nothing wrong with us helping out when you're not feeling so well. We're friends after all!
:'''Tadhla:''' I am but a Falcon of Masseira's.
:{{DIcon}} And a friend of ours.
::'''Tadhla:''' ...
::'''Tadhla:''' Fine.
:{{DIcon}} We see you only as our friend.
::'''Tadhla:''' ...
::'''Tadhla:''' Thank you.
:'''Liloupar:''' Ah... Pardon me, my master, but I... sense my fragment nearby.
:'''Tadhla:''' ...It's okay. I'll go take care of our prey.
;(Obtain {{Item|Flying Serpent's Horn}})

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Tadhla, optional)
:'''Tadhla:''' (...I must not show weakness, or look afraid...)

;(Talk to Tadhla, optional)
:'''Tadhla:''' Did you finish dealing with the Jinn matter?
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
::'''Tadhla:''' Please don't worry about me. I'm still busy with something...
:{{DIcon}} How is your wound? Is it getting better?
::'''Tadhla:''' Yes, it doesn't hurt anymore. *grunt* It's okay now.

;(Obtain Liloupar's fragment)
:{{Black Screen|As the shard of light merges with Liloupar's magic bottle, you feel a little of your own power being pulled away...}}
:{{Black Screen|Through the Jinni's entranced eyes, you see a vortex of decay and betrayal...<br>The [[Parvezravan|Spirit of Victory]] fell into madness due to a signet ring most dark, and in a series of tragedies, Queen [[Shirin of Gurabad|Shirin]] brewed the honey-colored catastrophe before her mind yielded to hysteria...<br>The people turned against each other, and the Jinn scattered across the lands... Broken souls became fuel to a titanic machine, and the mindless descendants of the [[Seelie]] were degraded into slaves of infinite power...}}
:{{Black Screen|Then, the merciless era of the Spirit of Victory began... The crazed king and the nobles rejoiced in their superiority...<br>Yet none were aware that all the happenings within [[Gurabad]] were created by the scheming hands of the Mother of the Jinn...}}
:'''Liloupar:''' My master, are you feeling alright?
:{{DIcon}} It's... Gurabad. Again...
:{{DIcon}} My head really hurts...
:'''Liloupar:''' Apologies. Experiencing a Jinni's memories is not necessarily always a pleasant experience.
:{{DIcon}} Liloupar, what have you done...
:'''Liloupar:''' What have I done? You should see what they have done... With just a nudge, they would have cast themselves down the vile path toward certain ruination.
:'''Liloupar:''' The fall of Gurabad... is just a prologue. I merely revealed what torments await.
:'''Liloupar:''' Alright, now is not the time for such a topic... Your friends are waiting for you to wake up.
:'''Paimon:''' Are you awake? Can you not always scare Paimon to death!?
:'''Tadhla:''' Oh, you are finally awake. Paimon was so worried about you...
:'''Paimon:''' So was Tadhla! When you fell unconscious, she was really nervous and almost cried! Paimon thinks you owe Tadhla an apology!
:'''Tadhla:''' I was not...
:{{DIcon}} I didn't mean to make you worry, Tadhla. I'm sorry.
::'''Tadhla:''' ...
::'''Tadhla:''' A hunter does not apologize to a Falcon.
::'''Tadhla:''' It's nothing.
::{{DIcon}} How is your wound now?
:{{DIcon}} Please don't push yourself too hard.
::'''Tadhla:''' It's nothing.
::{{DIcon}} How is your wound now?
:'''Tadhla:''' Hmm... It's been better. Let's head back.
:'''Liloupar:''' She's shaking, as if having a fever... It's the Scorpion's toxin. I know it well.
:'''Liloupar:''' It is not lethal. But the effects are still deleterious in pain and harm... She will need to rest.
:'''Tadhla:''' No need. I'm okay.
:'''Liloupar:''' For now, perhaps. Yet, time is like a fraying blade in the desert. Soon, the toxins and the heat will unite against your flesh, inflicting dehydration, and drawing you closer to the rapids of demise.
:'''Tadhla:''' ...
:'''Liloupar:''' A good Falcon knows to cherish their life. Or they will become a burden and be eliminated. Be you a foolish Falcon, child?
:'''Tadhla:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' That's enough, Liloupar. Don't be so harsh to her! And Tadhla, stop treating yourself this way... We really should get some rest before we go!
:{{DIcon}} Liloupar has a point.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's right.
:'''Tadhla:''' Ah... I'm sorry.
:'''Paimon:''' There is no need to apologize! This cave should be able to block out the cold winds at night. Let's set up a campfire right here!
:'''Tadhla:''' Good idea... Let me help... *grunt*
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, we got this. We're experts when it comes to building a campfire!
:{{Black Screen|You build a simple campfire and cook some food together with Paimon.<br>Tadhla drinks some water and falls asleep soon...<br>Her body is mildly over-warm. Under the influence of the dehydration and fatigue inflicted by the Scorpion's venom, Tadhla sinks into a deep slumber. You can tell that the pain is wearing off on her...}}
:{{Black Screen|After some time, the morning sun lights up the scarlet desert...<br>The sun is up, and you all wake up as the morning dew dries up in sunlight's heat.}}
:'''Tadhla:''' Time to get up. Let's go.
:'''Paimon:''' You look a lot better, Tadhla. How are you feeling?
:'''Tadhla:''' I'm feeling much better now... Come on, let's go.
:'''Liloupar:''' Pretty soon the day will be searing hot under the sun. If we want to return to the tribe safe and sound, we need to go now.

:'''Tadhla:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What's wrong Tadhla? Are you still feeling unwell?
:'''Tadhla:''' No, I'm great.
:'''Liloupar:''' Should you bear words, give them unto my master now.
:'''Tadhla:''' ...
:'''Tadhla:''' I... I am very happy to hunt with you.
:'''Tadhla:''' Thank you.
:'''Liloupar:''' Well... that's a first for a Falcon.
----
;(Talk to Masseira)
:'''Masseira:''' Ah, esteemed master of the Jinni! And eh... Hmm. I see you have both returned.
:{{DIcon}} (Hand over the prey)
:'''Masseira:''' A little later than I expected. What happened, my little Falcon?
:'''Tadhla:''' It's embarrassing to say. I... I got injured. But thanks to the Master of the Jinni, I'm okay now.
:'''Masseira:''' ...
:'''Masseira:''' Good, very good. It's good to see you're alright.
:'''Masseira:''' Esteemed Master of the Jinni, did my Falcon hold you back?
:{{DIcon}} Tadhla has done me a big favor.
::'''Masseira:''' Is that so...
::'''Masseira:''' Very well. Thank you very much.
:{{DIcon}} We had a great time.
::'''Masseira:''' Oh, a great time?
::'''Masseira:''' Very well. Thank you very much.
:{{DIcon}} Please do not have such doubts. Tadhla is extremely capable.
::'''Masseira:''' I know that, of course. She's my Falcon, after all.
:'''Masseira:''' But... Falcons belong to hunters, not the earth. Once Falcons get attached to the world, their senses and claws will be dull. If that happens, how can I expect them to hunt for me?
:'''Paimon:''' That doesn't make any sense to Paimon... But hearing you going on and on about Falcons surely makes Paimon irritated!
:'''Paimon:''' Tadhla is human, and our friend! Not some sort of so-called "Falcon"!
:'''Masseira:''' "Friend," huh?
:'''Tadhla:''' No... It's not like that...
:'''Masseira:''' I will deal with you later.
:'''Masseira:''' Haha, please, don't get me wrong! I am most happy that my little Falcon has made some new friends! Truly, I am.
:'''Masseira:''' Here, this is your payment. Please do come find me later. I'll probably have other commissions for you.
;(The Traveler and Paimon leave)
:'''Tadhla:''' ...
:'''Masseira:''' ...
:'''Masseira:''' My little Falcon, let's talk about your next "hunt," shall we?


;(Talk to Masseira, optional)
:'''Masseira:''' Ah, if it isn't the esteemed Master of the Jinni. What can I do for you?
:{{DIcon}} About Tadhla...
::'''Masseira:''' She likes you, I can see that.
::'''Masseira:''' Don't worry, I'll leave her be. To be young... Right?
::'''Masseira:''' I'll encourage her to express her feelings. As her elder and her father, this is a duty to which I am bound. There's no need for you to worry about her. Truly.
:{{DIcon}} About the "coming-of-age ceremony"...
::'''Masseira:''' Thank you for helping her complete her coming-of-age ceremony. I was right to trust you.
::'''Masseira:''' Next she will accept her first hunting mission as a qualified Falcon.
::'''Masseira:''' By then, hehe, please witness her growth in person.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Masseira, optional)
:'''Masseira:''' (...Before the mist of the morning, before the mirage of the noon, my Falcon takes off...)

;(Talk to Tadhla, optional)
:'''Tadhla:''' (Tadhla avoids eye contact and lowers her head nervously).
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright?
::'''Tadhla:''' Sorry, the hunt is over. I am Father's "Falcon."
::'''Tadhla:''' But I'm feeling great. Don't worry about me.
::;(Proceed to next dialogue set)
:{{DIcon}} About your relationship with Masseira...
::'''Tadhla:''' As I said, he is my father, and I am his Falcon. I follow his orders. I hunt for him, risk my life for him, as he is the will of the Tanit.
::'''Tadhla:''' When the day comes that I cannot fully execute my Father's orders, then my life as a Falcon will end.
::;(Proceed to next dialogue set)

;(Continue from previous dialogue set)
:{{DIcon}} That's pretty extreme...
::'''Tadhla:''' Extreme, huh? I'm not sure about that. I've always lived like this ever since I was a child.
:{{DIcon}} Haven't you ever thought about living for yourself?
::'''Tadhla:''' ...
::'''Tadhla:''' No. Never. I never had such thoughts, or expectations.
::'''Tadhla:''' The desert is a place of indifference and brutality, where I have no time to think for my own good. Without me, my tribe lives on just the same. However, without my tribe, there is no way I will survive.
:'''Tadhla:''' Well... But, the stories of you and Paimon, and the adventures that you two experienced...
:'''Tadhla:''' Should there be a chance, I would really want to hear more of them.
:'''Paimon:''' No problem! We have tons of stories to tell!
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I'll tell you all of them.
:{{DIcon}} We can talk about them any time you want.
:'''Tadhla:''' Pfft...
:'''Tadhla:''' Ahem, sorry. I'm just very happy. Thank you, the Master of the Jinni. Um, I mean, thank you, {{Traveler}}.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Tadhla, optional)
:'''Tadhla:''' (...The next hunt, huh...)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/bSCE1Dp7tn4
|caption1 = The Falcon's Hunt | World Quests & Puzzles
Guide
}}

==Trivia==
* The Enraged Red Vulture's title is a reference to {{W|Gollum}} from ''{{W|The Lord of the Rings}}''.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = "The Falcon's Hunt"
|zhs     = 「鹰猎」
|zhs_rm  = "Yīngliè"
|zht     = 「鷹獵」
|zht_rm  = "Yīngliè"
|zh_tl   = "Falcon Hunt"
|ja      = 「鷹猟」
|ja_rm   = "Youryou"{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = "The Falcon's Hunt"
|ko      = 「매사냥」
|ko_tl   = "Falcon Hunting"
|es      = Transición a la adultez
|es_tl   = Transition to Adulthood
|fr      = La chasse du faucon
|fr_tl   = The Falcon's Hunt
|ru      = Соколиная охота
|ru_tl   = The Falcon's Hunt
|th      = "การล่าของเหยี่ยว"
|th_rm   = "Kan La khong Yiao"
|th_tl   = "The Falcon's Hunt"
|vi      = Ưng Săn Mồi
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = „Falkenjagd“
|de_tl   = "Falcon Hunt"
|id      = Saatnya Elang Berburu
|id_tl   = Time for the Falcon to Hunt
|pt      = "Falcão"
|pt_tl   = "Falcon"
|tr      = "Şahin Avı"
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La caccia del Falco
|it_tl   = The Falcon's Hunt
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[es:Transición a la adultez]]