{{Event
|name              = The Promise of a Worldly Encounter Fan Art Contest
|image             = The Promise of a Worldly Encounter Contest.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Fanart
|type3             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-09-16 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-10-17 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/54
}}

Hi Travelers~

"The Promise of a Worldly Encounter" Fan Art Submission Contest officially begins today.

==How to Participate==
# Create a Genshin Impact fan art based on the "Genshin Impact First Anniversary" theme. There are no stylistic limitations.
# Click on the "Post Image" button on the event page to submit your work.
# Traveler participation is deemed successful once the two steps above are completed~

==Voting Method==
This Submission Contest will introduce a new voting feature. Click on the "Vote" button next to the submitted works at the bottom of the page to vote for your favorite works~

Note: Each Traveler has 20 votes per day, and can only vote for the same work once.

==Event Duration==
*Submission Period: September 16 – October 17
*Voting Period: October 18 – October 25
*Vote Counting Period/Results: October 26 – November 21
*Reward Issuance: After November 22
*All times are in UTC+8

==Event Rewards==
*Worldly Path (5 Winners): Primogems ×10,000 + Apple iPad 10.2" ×1
*Path of Hope (10 Winners): Primogems ×5,000 + Apple AirPods ×1
*Promised Encounter (15 Winners): Primogems ×3,000 + Trick-or-Treat Party-themed Merchandise Set (Random Character) ×1
*A Heartfelt Place (30 Winners): Primogems ×1,000 + Trick-or-Treat Party-themed Merchandise Set (Random Character) ×1
*Beloved Star (30 Winners): Primogems ×1,000 + Trick-or-Treat Party-themed Merchandise Set (Random Character) ×1

==Event Rules==
#Please submit Genshin Impact-related fan art based on the "Genshin Impact First Anniversary" theme There are no stylistic limitations (though in-game screenshots, pictures of real people, and previously submitted works will be deemed invalid).
#Image submissions should be JPGs, PNGs, or GIFs with file sizes under 20 MB, and must be recently created (within one month).
#Participants can post a maximum of five submissions, each submission can only consist of a single image, and each submission cannot be submitted twice. If a Traveler submitted multiple entries, only the highest prize will be awarded.
#Works of the following nature will be removed by our staff: uncolored sketches, inappropriate and other illegal content, content that does not conform to the original setting, works that plagiarize or defraud the work of other creators, those with no relation to Genshin Impact, works that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game or its characters.

==Judging Rules==
#The Judges' scores will be based on aspects such as the completeness, aesthetics, and how well the entry stays true to the background of Genshin Impact. At the same time, the number of votes and popularity of the works will be taken into account to a certain extent. If a participant has more than one winning entry, only the highest prize won will be awarded.
#The Worldly Path, Path of Hope, Promised Encounter, and A Heartfelt Place awards will be awarded by the Judges based on the above aspects upon comprehensive consideration. Therefore, it is possible that not all awards will be given out.
#The Beloved Star awards will be awarded based on the highest number of votes among all works compliant with the event rules, taking into account the degree of completion of the work.

==Notes==
#Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
#Please go to Account Info > Redemption Information to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.

==Event FAQ==
Q1: Can PlayStation players participate in the event?
A1: Yes, you can link your account according to the following announcement: https://www.hoyolab.com/article/533197

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[pt-br:Concurso de Arte de Fãs/Evento de Coleta de Desenhos "Encontro no Mundo Mortal"]]