{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41124
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|event_name    = Unreconciled Stars
|summary       = Amidst the meteorite event causing an uproar, Vile asks the Traveler to help her deter any Treasure Hoarders who may be taking advantage of the situation.
|requirement   = Complete [[The Crisis Deepens]]
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt (City)|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|mora          = 25,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Fading Star's Might|20}}
|characters    = Traveler; Vile
}}

'''"That Guy"'s Scheme''' is an Event Quest during the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Vile]]
# Place the letter at the meeting place (0/3)
# Talk to Vile
# Go to the designated place ''after nightfall (0:00 – 06:00)'' and defeat the [[Treasure Hoarders]]
#* Defeat two waves of Treasure Hoarders.
# Report back to Vile

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The fallen meteorites have turned [[Mondstadt]] upside down, inside and out. But it seems that the mysterious Vile is looking for people to help her out with a little something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Vile)
:'''Vile:''' Oh my, you're here at last. I've been waiting.
:{{DIcon}} Whatever for?
:'''Vile:''' Come on, don't be so cold. I have something very important to ask of you.
:'''Vile:''' I'm sure you've seen those meteorites. Though none of them landed inside the city of Mondstadt, the whole place is in an uproar all the same.
:'''Vile:''' And where there's muddied water, there will be fish that don't belong trying to slip in unnoticed.
:{{DIcon}} You mean the Treasure Hoarders.
::'''Vile:''' Aha, aren't you keen? That's an experienced adventurer for you.
:{{DIcon}} You mean the hilichurls??
::'''Vile:''' Haha, of course not. How would they even blend in?
::'''Vile:''' I'm sure the knights would be all too ready for them if they even tried getting close to the walls.
::'''Vile:''' I'm talking about the Treasure Hoarders.
:'''Vile:''' Though the [[Knights of Favonius|Knights]] are on high alert, there's bound to be some gaps in their defenses, what with having to send help to the areas around the city and all.
:'''Vile:''' Those money-grubbing Treasure Hoarders have surely made plans to slip through those gaps and "make a killing," as they say.
:{{DIcon}} So, where do I fit in?
::'''Vile:''' Oh my, what a straightforward answer.
::'''Vile:''' It seems like the contingency plan that gentleman gave me was unnecessary after all.
:{{DIcon}} The Knights can handle it.
::'''Vile:''' Haha, I thought you might say that.
::'''Vile:''' Don't you worry about a thing, that gentleman has prepared quite the budget this time around. You stand to be well-compensated.
::'''Vile:''' And if you should pick up anything while going about this business, it's yours to keep.
::'''Vile:''' What's more, this task requires your unique touch.
:'''Vile:''' Well, simply put, that gentleman has apprehended the Treasure Hoarders who were scouting us out previously.
:'''Vile:''' According to them, there are three bands of these bandits looking to slip in during the chaos.
:'''Vile:''' So we'll play along, and help them create the ideal opening...
:{{DIcon}} And where do I come in?
::'''Vile:''' What you have to do is simple.
:{{DIcon}} Can their word be trusted?
::'''Vile:''' Haha, you're very cautious, aren't you? Don't worry, the Treasure Hoarders are quite the spineless lot.
::'''Vile:''' They are, in the end, just a bunch of small-timers who're in it for the money.
::'''Vile:''' "There's [[Mora]] in it for you if you work with us, but if you try anything funny..."
::'''Vile:''' They were quite quick to cooperate once we reached this amicable understanding.
::'''Vile:''' What you have to do is simple.
:'''Vile:''' To ensure that not everyone would be caught, the Treasure Hoarder scouts didn't report back directly. Instead, they would leave the intel they'd gathered in letters that would then be left in specially designated locations.
:'''Vile:''' To avoid any other problems from occurring, they also sent three scouts, who would then send the intelligence they gathered to three different locations.
:'''Vile:''' I doubt they expected that all three would be caught by that gentleman...
:'''Vile:''' The other Treasure Hoarders will only begin to plan their next move after receiving this intelligence, all the better to choose the best point of entry.
:'''Vile:''' But we'll spare them the trouble this time. That gentleman has already made most detailed plans for them.
:'''Vile:''' Take these three letters with you, and place them at the locations designated by the Treasure Hoarders.
:'''Vile:''' Once that's done, come back and report to me. As for what comes next... Let's discuss that later, shall we?
:;(Obtain [[Treasure Hoarder Scouting Report]] ×3)

;(Talk to Vile again)
:'''Vile:''' You haven't set off yet? Ah, yes... You must have some other questions, then?
:{{DIcon}} Who's this gentleman, anyway?
::'''Vile:''' Hmm. That gentleman is an old acquaintance of yours, really. He says that you even fought side by side for a time.
::'''Vile:''' I can't give you his name, though. That would be on my head for sure.
:{{DIcon}} Why don't we just bring all those Treasure Hoarders in directly?
::'''Vile:''' You mean to say that even if we do defeat the three bands of Treasure Hoarders lured in by our messages, the rest will simply flee after hearing the news, yes?
::'''Vile:''' Well, that's true, but this is precisely the intention. That gentleman doesn't wish to catch them all, but to send them a little shock.
::'''Vile:''' Under the present circumstances, the Knights cannot spare the people to undertake a large manhunt.
::'''Vile:''' In any case, the falling meteorites are the top priority at present.
::'''Vile:''' As for Treasure Hoarders, they just need to be... convinced to stop making trouble for now.
----
;(Talk to Vile after placing the letters)
:'''Vile:''' Have you planted the letters?
:{{DIcon}} Indeed.
:'''Vile:''' That will do. I trust that the {{sic|Treasure Hunters}} will make their plans based on the intelligence contained within those letters.
:'''Vile:''' And that "ideal moment" should be somewhere between nightfall and dawn.
:'''Vile:''' As for the "ideal entry point"... Well, there can only be one, yes? Come, I'll mark it out on your map.
:'''Vile:''' Well, that should do it. All we need to do now is wait for those Treasure Hoarders to walk into our trap.
:{{DIcon}} What if the Knights of Favonius find out?
::'''Vile:''' Well, your concerns do have merit. Our unorthodox methods, if discovered by the Knights, could land us in hot water...
::'''Vile:''' But rest assured, that gentleman has guaranteed that no such trouble will occur. So let's just... have a little faith, shall we?
:{{DIcon}} What if the Treasure Hoarders don't show up?
::'''Vile:''' Oh, they will, alright. Don't you worry about that. These plans were laid by that gentleman himself. Nothing will go wrong.
:'''Vile:''' So, all you need to do is to wait till nightfall, and defeat our entrapped Treasure Hoarders.

;(Talk to Vile again)
:'''Vile:''' Taking care of this lot of brigands should encourage the rest to behave a little.
----
;(Report back to Vile after defeating the Treasure Hoarders)
:'''Vile:''' Have those Treasure Hoarders been taken care of?
:{{DIcon}} Very well taken care of, indeed.
:'''Vile:''' Haha, I'd expect no less from someone who's caught that gentleman's eye. You're very efficient.
:'''Vile:''' Here's your compensation. It was a... pleasure working with you.
:'''Vile:''' If fortune permits, we'll have a chance to do business again.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
*The "mysterious gentleman" Vile refers to is most likely [[Kaeya]] based on the intricacy of the planning, the fact that he and the Traveler have fought together, Vile's association with him from "[[Mystery of the Arcadian Ruins]]," and his focus on the Treasure Hoarders.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = "That Guy"'s Scheme
|zhs     = 「那位先生」的计划
|zhs_rm  = "Nà Wèi Xiānshēng" de Jìhuà
|zht     = 「那位先生」的計畫
|zht_rm  = "Nà Wèi Xiānshēng" de Jìhuà
|zh_tl   = "That Gentleman"'s Plan
|ja      = 「あの方」の計画
|ja_rm   = "Ano Kata" no Keikaku
|ja_tl   = "That Person"'s Plan
|ko      = 「그분」의 계획
|ko_rm   = "Geubun"-ui Gyehoek
|ko_tl   = "That Gentleman"'s Plan
|es      = El plan de “ese señor”
|es_tl   = "That Man"'s Scheme
|fr      = Le plan de « ce monsieur »
|fr_tl   = "That Mister"'s Plan
|ru      = План «того господина»
|ru_tl   = "That Mister"'s Scheme
|th      = แผนการของ "สุภาพบุรุษท่านนั้น"
|th_rm   = Phaenkan Khong "Suphapburut Than Nan"
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kế hoạch của "vị tiên sinh đó"
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Plan von „dem Typen“
|de_tl   = "That Guy"'s Scheme
|id      = Rencana "Pria Itu"
|id_tl   = "That Man"'s Scheme
|pt      = O plano "daquele cavalheiro"
|pt_tl   = The Plan of "That Knight"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}