{{Event
|name              = The Promise of a Worldly Encounter Video Contest
|image             = The Promise of a Worldly Encounter Video Contest.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-09-16 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-10-17 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/55
}}
'''"The Promise of a Worldly Encounter" Video Submission Contest''' is a web event during [[Version 2.1]]. It is a part of the [[One Year Anniversary Community Event]]s.

==Event Duration==
*Start and End Dates: September 16, 2021 – October 17, 2021 23:59
*Results: November 16, 2021
*All times are in UTC+8

==How to Participate==
# Create an original Genshin Impact fan video based on the "Genshin Impact First Anniversary" theme.
# Click on the "Post Video" button on the event page to submit your work.
# Traveler participation is deemed successful once the two steps above are completed~

==Submission Criteria==
# Video content is not limited to specific categories and can include: MAD, dances, AMV, crafts, cosplay, etc. There are also no restrictions for the size or length of the video, both vertical and horizontal videos are accepted. It is recommended that you post the video on YouTube with the tag #GenshinImpactFirstAnniversary.
# Five works can be submitted per HoYoLAB account. Each submission can consist of up to one video.
# Works of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: those with content that violates our Community Rules, those that plagiarize or defraud the work of other creators, those with no relation to Genshin Impact, works that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game or its characters.
# Travelers should participate in the event in accordance with the steps under How to Participate. In any of the following circumstances, participation will be deemed to be invalid:
## Submissions fall outside of the stipulated time period (UTC+8) or are posted outside of the Genshin Impact community (HoYoLAB).
## Entries are not posted on the submission event page.

==Event Rewards==
*Fantastic Voyage (Primogems ×6,000 + Apple AirPods ×1) × 5
*Meetings in Outrealm (Primogems ×2,000 + Razer DeathAdder V2 ×1) × 10
*Beloved Star (Primogems ×1,000 + Trick-or-Treat Party-themed Merchandise Set (Random Character) ×1) × 20

==Notes==
# Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Please go to Account Info > Redemption Information to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[pt-br:Evento de Coleta de Vídeos "Encontro no Mundo Mortal"]]