{{Event
|name              = "Vigilant Yaksha" Xiao Fan Art Contest 2022-05-24
|image             = Vigilant Yaksha Xiao Fan Art Contest 2022-05-24.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|group2            = Fanart
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-05-24 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-06-17 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/21127
}}
'''"Vigilant Yaksha" Xiao Fan Art Contest''' is a Web [[Event]] in [[Version 2.6]].

Hello, Travelers!<br>
Here we are with another Fan Art Event! This time, we will be exhibiting our creative skills for one of the adepti protecting Liyue &mdash; the "Conqueror of Demons," Xiao.

==Event Duration==
* May 24, 2022 – June 17, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results: June 30

==How to Participate==
# During the event, use the hashtags #Xiao and #GenshinImpact when posting your original fan art on Twitter, Facebook, or Instagram.
# Click on the link below to fill out your entry information.
#* https://forms.gle/bAe2Y7JeYhrgiv2r6
# After completing the previous two steps, your participation will have been deemed successful.

* Entries submitted for this event must be original fan art created within the past month and have a high degree of completion. Unfinished sketches, works directly edited with graphic design tools (e.g. Photoshop, etc.), or works with copied elements spliced together are not eligible!
* Please also include pictures of your works-in-progress together with your finished work(s).
* Travelers participating in the event are required to make their account and posts public

==Event Rewards==
* First Prize (1 Winner)
** 3,000 Primogems
* Second Prize (3 Winners)
** 1,000 Primogems
* Third Prize (5 Winners)
** 500 Primogems
* Lucky Prize (10 Winners)
** US$20 worth of Merchandize Prizes

==Notes==
# Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# The event is held on multiple platforms, and winning submissions will be selected from across all platforms. The above rewards are the total rewards for all platforms, and will be comprehensively evaluated based on content, comments, and likes received. There is no amount of prizes set aside for each platform and region.
# If the same entry wins on multiple platforms, the prize will be issued according to the platform it was first posted on after final verification (only one prize will be issued).
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources.and make sure to obtain authorization.
# After the list of winners is announced, if Travelers have any objection to the prize-winning works, they can provide feedback through the customer support email or in-game customer support. If the winning entry is found to be in violation of the event rules, we will revoke the prize and this user's account will be permanently banned from participating in any future community events.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# By participating in this event, you authorize HoYoverse to publish and exhibit your work on public platforms. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Customer Service.

==Winners Notice: "Vigilant Yaksha" Xiao Fan Art Event==
Dear Travelers,<br>The event has ended! Let's take a look at the wonderful prize-winning works together~

https://hoyo.link/a11U7DA6

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[ja:「護法夜叉」魈イラスト募集コンテスト/2022-05-24]]
[[pt-br:Concurso de Arte de Fãs/Xiao/2.7]]
[[th:กิจกรรมวาดภาพธีม Xiao "ยักษาผู้พิทักษ์"/2022-05-24]]
[[uk:"Пильний Якша" Сяо - Змагання аматорського мистецтва/24-05-2022]]
[[vi:Thu Thâp Fan Art "Hộ Pháp Dạ Xoa - Xiao"/2022-05-24]]