{{About|the NPC|other uses|??? (Disambiguation)}}
{{Character Infobox
|name             = ???
|image            = NPC Liuliu.png
|type             = Event NPC
|region           = Liyue
|location         = Liyue
|voiceEN          = [https://www.coryyee.com/ Cory Yee]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/CoryYee/status/1362933674077917184 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
}}
'''???''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who makes an appearance in the {{Quest|Currents Deep Beneath the Lanterns}}. His name is never revealed.

==Profile==
??? is a lone thief who looks at the [[Treasure Hoarders]] in very high regard, going as far to calling them his "heroes" and wishing to join their ranks. He devises a plan during the [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]] to get their attention and submit his pledge of loyalty.

He is seen as a rather incompetent individual; he immediately backed down when trying to scare the [[Traveler]] off, the [[Letter to the Treasure Hoarders|letter he submitted]] to the Treasure Hoarders is riddled with misspellings, and his big plan to steal a large supply of [[Plaustrite]] at nightfall&ndash;while mistaken to be a much more sinister plan involving highly flammable materials&ndash;is incredibly impractical.

The Traveler and [[Paimon]] later tracked down and arrested him, sending him to the [[Millelith]] after learning about the true intentions of his ridiculous plot.

===Appearance===
??? has short black hair, silver eyes and fair skin, wearing a blue scarf wrapped around his head while covering the rest of his face with a blue bandana. He wears a blue shirt with a brown ''Tangzhuang'' vest kept together with a black belt carrying a knife holstered on his back. ???'s right wrist is wrapped in brown straps and sporting dark blue finger-less gloves, along with an orange scarf wrapped around his left wrist. His pants are white with gray cloud patterning folded in exposing his brown shin protection and sandals.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
* He shares his English VA, Cory Yee, with [[Gorou]].

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ja:？？？ (NPC)]]