{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23000
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission 1,001 Cups of Coffee.png
|summary       = <!--editor provided summary-->
|startLocation = [[Treasures Street]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|requirement   = <!--Any quest that needs to be completed first-->
|other         = AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Izem; Maddah; Nayab; Traveler
|npc           = Maddah
}}
'''''1,001 Cups of Coffee''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Maddah]]
# Wait till the next evening (19:00 – 21:00)
# Go to the [[Puspa Café|café]] and talk to Maddah

==Gameplay Notes==
* The story Maddah decides to tell, and whether Maddah embellishes the story or not, is based on the player's dialogue options.
** After choosing the region, if the majority (2 or more) of the player's dialogue choices are the first option, which tend to be more dramatic, Maddah will embellish the story. If the player mostly chooses the second option, Maddah will tell the more truthful version of the story.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Maddah, who is at the Puspa Café, is currently fretting over not having any new tales to tell...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Maddah, optional)
:'''Maddah:''' (My throat feels so dry...)

;(Go to the café and talk to Maddah)
:'''Maddah:''' Ugh, is everyone leaving already? I hadn't even started my story yet...
:'''Maddah:''' My word. At this rate, I won't even be able to afford my coffee...
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:'''Maddah:''' Um, are you... the Traveler? *sigh* As you can see, I exchange stories for coffee expenses here in this coffee shop.
:'''Maddah:''' But I'm drawing smaller and smaller audiences recently... At this rate, I doubt that I'll be able to afford even coffee foam.
:{{DIcon}} So you're like a bard from Mondstadt...?
:{{DIcon}} So you're like a storyteller from Liyue...?
:'''Maddah:''' Well... I haven't met one, but I suppose we might be quite similar, yes.
:'''Maddah:''' You know, the ancient heroic legends are intriguing, but no tale stays attractive if you tell it day after day... I have to find some new material.
:'''Maddah:''' *sigh* Stories from outside Sumeru are the best. They are new and interesting, and...
:'''Maddah:''' I'm at liberty to make adaptations. No one would notice, since no one actually knows what really happened... *cough*!
:'''Maddah:''' However, I must first understand the stories that I mean to tell.
:'''Maddah:''' I have collected tales from all over the world, such as the story of [[Dvalin]], [[A New Star Approaches|the Rite of Parting]], and so on...
:'''Maddah:''' But I got these stories from others, and I'm sure they must have already come to me embellished. I don't quite trust those stories.
:'''Maddah:''' Traveler, I have heard from the Adventurers' Guild that you have been traveling the world. Is that true?
:'''Maddah:''' Could you please tell me about your experiences around the world, then?
:'''Maddah:''' That would allow me to get my stories straight and make them sound somewhat more {{sic|believeable}}...
:'''Maddah:''' Of course, we'll split my earnings from the stories I tell!
:{{DIcon}} I can help you...
::'''Maddah:''' Thank you! So, where do we start?
:{{DIcon}} You can hear stories from everywhere. You know that, right?
::'''Maddah:''' Well, I have collected tales from all over the world, such as the story of Dvalin, the Rite of Parting, and so on...
::'''Maddah:''' But these stories have been told over and over before they reached my ears, so I'm sure they must have already come embellished. I don't quite trust those stories.
::'''Maddah:''' Stories from a traveler like you are well-needed in such cases. With your help, I could fix my stories and make them sound more believable...
::{{DIcon}} How embellished is embellished?
::'''Maddah:''' Well, ah, I mean that they sounded like total nonsense even to the casual ear...
::'''Maddah:''' Hahaha... a knight with wings on their back, and a swordsman defeating a god alone, just to name a few in brief first...
::'''Maddah:''' Alright, let's get to it. What story would you like to share?
----<!--above and below are separate dialogue branches; what's the proper way to indicate that?-->
:{{DIcon}} There was that time in Mondstadt...
::'''Maddah:''' Huh? Mondstadt, the beloved land of the Anemo Archon...? According to the caravan, a gale-summoning dragon emerged there. That should make for a good story, I'm sure.
::'''Maddah:''' But you get nothing more than broken legends from the caravans, which can often sound rather fake.
::'''Maddah:''' Something like... "A winged Traveler came from the skies, pursuing the dragon tens of thousands of meters in the air!" or something like that.
::{{DIcon}} Actually, there was an aerial chase...
::{{DIcon}} The aerial chase occurred thanks to a wind glider...
::'''Maddah:''' Hmm, and something like... "{{MC|m=He|f=She}} infiltrated the [[Favonius Cathedral|Cathedral]] alone, stealing a powerful weapon bestowed with the Anemo Archon's might!"
::{{DIcon}} I did actually sneak into the Cathedral...
::{{DIcon}} The [[Holy Lyre der Himmel]] isn't a weapon.
::'''Maddah:''' Really? What about this, then? "In the end, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} spotted the dragon's weakness and attacked its old scar. Bathed in dragon blood, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} became immortal!"
::{{DIcon}} I did target a specific spot...
::{{DIcon}} I was just purifying the toxin that had a hold over the dragon's mind...
:{{DIcon}} There was that time in Liyue...
::'''Maddah:''' Huh? Liyue... According to the caravans, the various factions struggled and schemed against each other when their Archon fell. That should make for a great story.
::'''Maddah:''' But you get nothing more than broken legends from the caravans, which can often sound rather fake.
::'''Maddah:''' Something like... "the Traveler who organized the Rite of Parting became a figure much-sought-after by all sides."
::{{DIcon}} I did take part in the Rite of Parting...
::{{DIcon}} I was actually running errands with [[Zhongli|someone]]...
::'''Maddah:''' Well, or something like... "{{MC|m=He|f=She}} confronted the [[Osial|Overlord of the Vortex]] above the seas, sweeping even the [[Jade Chamber]] into the waves with the power of {{MC|m=his|f=her}} blade!"
::{{DIcon}} I did face the Overlord...
::{{DIcon}} The Jade Chamber was the key to defeating the Overlord.
::'''Maddah:''' Really? What about this one, then? "In the end, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} settled the conflicts all alone, establishing a new era in Liyue Harbor."
::{{DIcon}} The conflicts were indeed settled...
::{{DIcon}} It was a joint effort by everyone from Liyue.
:{{DIcon}} So we did have this adventure in Inazuma...
::'''Maddah:''' Huh? Inazuma, the blessed land of the Electro Archon...? The caravans bring word that some defied the Archon's Vision Hunt Decree. That should make for an excellent tale.
::'''Maddah:''' But the caravans only bring scattered tales that never quite sound reliable...
::'''Maddah:''' You know, things like "An Outlander initiated a duel against [[Signora|a Fatui Harbinger]], turning {{MC|m=his|f=her}} opponent to ash with one strike!"
::{{DIcon}} I did win the duel...
::{{DIcon}} [[The Shogun]] was the one levying the punishment.
::'''Maddah:''' Well, or something like, "{{MC|m=He|f=She}} stood against the formidable Shogun, escaping her [[Musou no Hitotachi]] without a single scratch!"
::{{DIcon}} I did escape...
::{{DIcon}} [[Kaedehara Kazuha|Someone else]] blocked the strike.
::'''Maddah:''' Really? What about this one? "In the end, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} was empowered by the [[Statue of the Omnipresent God]], and even changed the will of an Archon..."
::{{DIcon}} I did change the Shogun's mind...
::{{DIcon}} The real key was everyone's "wishes."

;(If the player chose two or more first dialogue options)
::'''Maddah:''' I see... So the legends are basically true? Wow, fact really is stranger than fiction sometimes.
::'''Maddah:''' But I suppose these tales wouldn't have spread had they not been utterly amazing, eh? Guess I can bring them up a notch, to boot...
::'''Maddah:''' Thank you, Traveler. I think I've figured all this out, so please, do stop by to hear my stories tomorrow night!
;(If the player chose two or more second dialogue options)
::'''Maddah:''' I see... Though the drama has been cut down a fair bit, these stories do indeed sound more "truthful."
::'''Maddah:''' It really felt like I was talking to a true witness! Well, these legends make far more sense now, indeed...
::'''Maddah:''' Thank you, Traveler. Now that I've figured all this out, please, do stop by to hear my stories tomorrow night!

;(Talk to Maddah again inside [[Puspa Café]] before the next evening)
:'''Maddah:''' Hmm... This could use a few touches here as well...

{{Dialogue end}}

===Mondstadt Story===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the café and talk to Maddah)
:'''Maddah:''' Ahem, today's tale took place in a faraway land. Please enjoy "The Song of Anemo and the Dragon"!
:'''Maddah:''' ...Back when the dragon came, none knew its name. Who could save Mondstadt from peril? Who would keep its creatures safe?
;(If Maddah embellished the story)
::'''Maddah:''' ...The destined warrior spread their wings, the Holy Lyre der Himmel in hand, yes, the very tool of the Anemo Archon. Its strings brought forth the thousand winds, showing forth its mountain-moving might!
::'''Maddah:''' ...The warrior roared, their blade blazing like a falling star! The dragon lay defeated in the ruins, its slayer stronger than ever!
::'''Nayab:''' The story... It's pretty new, and yet, the events don't flow logically at all.
::'''Izem:''' The protagonist just started the fight without a word and defeated the dragon way too quickly... It just seems somewhat weird...
::'''Maddah:''' Um... Well... Today's story ends here! Please do come again! Haha...
;(If Maddah cut down on drama)
::'''Maddah:''' ...The hero came forth on the wind, as [[Venti|the bard]] played his lyre and sang softly: "Why has a thousand-year vigil been ended in a single day? The toxic blood of the Abyss has clouded the dragon's perception."
::'''Maddah:''' ...The demonic wind cleared, and the toxic blood was cleansed. Please, all you who come after, carve that name into your memory. For who is this song dedicated to? The Dragon of the East, Dvalin!
::'''Nayab:''' Hey! There we go! Now that's an interesting story!
::'''Izem:''' The antagonist turned out to be forced into that position... That's always a moving development.
::'''Maddah:''' Today's story ends here. Please do come again!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Liyue Story===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the café and talk to Maddah)
:'''Maddah:''' So! The story today took place in a faraway country. Please enjoy "The Tale of the Golden-Haired Hero"!
;(If Maddah embellished the story)
::'''Maddah:''' ...When the Exuvia fell from the sky, ancient Stone Harbor was in chaos. But thanks to this traveler's feat, the land saw peace once again.
::'''Maddah:''' ...However, a monster emerged from the waters, and fierce battle was joined. Even the sky changed color, and the very land was thrown out of order. Even the Jade Chamber was blown to smithereens!
::'''Maddah:''' ...The waves settled, but conflicts remained. The Traveler stood forth to quell the disagreements between mortal and adeptus. Their sage words turned the tide, ushering Liyue onto a new path!
::'''Nayab:''' The story... It's pretty new, and yet, the events don't flow logically at all.
::'''Izem:''' That's right! How did the protagonist persuade both sides even though the protagonist hasn't said much before then...?
::'''Maddah:''' Um... Well... Today's story ends here! Please do come again! Haha...
;(If Maddah cut down on drama)
::'''Maddah:''' ...When the Exuvia plummeted from the skies, the ancient stone harbor was plunged into chaos, and the Sea of Clouds churned in the shadows. So did the Traveler arrive, and so was pulled into the vortex.
::'''Maddah:''' ...Despite the many conflicts along the way, all was put aside to defend a shared home. Osial of the Vortex emerged from the seas, and moonlight shone upon the Jade Chamber in the skies. Its delicate construction sank 'midst the flow, but at great expense, they delivered the final blow!
::'''Maddah:''' ...Liyue has been open to all peoples throughout the Geo Archon's reign &mdash; to embrace an era without their archon is no impossible thing! Nestlings must now fly on their own &mdash; the ancient Stone Harbor shines anew!
::'''Nayab:''' Hey! There we go! Now that's an interesting story!
::'''Izem:''' Opposing sides establishing trust in cooperation... Now that's what I call, reliable plot development!
::'''Maddah:''' Today's story ends here. Please do come again!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Inazuma Story===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the café and talk to Maddah)
:'''Maddah:''' Well then, the story for today took place in a faraway country. Please enjoy "An Outland Blade in Inazuma"!
:'''Maddah:''' ...The thunder can be heard beyond distant seas &mdash; the destined Traveler is about to arrive. {{MC|m=He|f=She}} roamed the islands like lightning, {{MC|m=his|f=her}} great deeds sung of by all.
;(If Maddah embellished the story)
::'''Maddah:''' ...Though aforetime she did as she pleased, the wicked witch could not escape defeat. Even the sea-severing strike could not halt the Traveler's steps!
::'''Maddah:''' ...And the Statue of the Omnipresent God, powered by the wishes of thousands of hearts, shattered the skies with a mighty roar, casting all enemies to the wayside!
::'''Nayab:''' The story... It's pretty new, and yet, the events don't flow logically at all.
::'''Izem:''' That whole bit with the giant statue just comes out of nowhere, almost as if we were running out of believable story bits or something...
::'''Maddah:''' Um... Well... Today's story ends here! Please do come again! Haha...
;(If Maddah cut down on drama)
::'''Maddah:''' ...The Harbinger fell before the throne &mdash; her arrogance her undoing. The Traveler's friends came to the rescue, blocking the thunderous strike of a god unmoving!
::'''Maddah:''' ...Countless stars whirled over the empty realm &mdash; each one the wish of a mortal's heart. Thus did those who lived in the land move the divine will of a god!
::'''Nayab:''' Hey! There we go! Now that's an interesting story!
::'''Izem:''' Hmm... Facing difficulties together with one's friends. That's what heroic tales should be about!
::'''Maddah:''' Today's story ends here. Please do come again!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Conclusion===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(If Maddah embellished the story)
::'''Maddah:''' *sigh* You're here, Traveler. What do you think of the story I told today?
::{{DIcon}} It was pretty crazy...
::'''Maddah:''' Well... That's about the same as what the other listeners said. I might have focused too much on drama, neglecting "truthfulness" in the process.
::'''Maddah:''' *sigh* More changes are needed for these stories to work, I guess...
::'''Maddah:''' Thanks for the stories, by the way. Please, take this as payment.
::'''Maddah:''' Don't forget to share new stories with me when you come across them!
;(If Maddah cut down on drama)
::'''Maddah:''' Ah, so you came, Traveler! What do you think of the story today?
::{{DIcon}} It was an interesting tale.
::{{DIcon}} It was a story well told.
::'''Maddah:''' Haha, so you concur with the other listeners, then? In a new era, we shall have new heroes and tales.
::'''Maddah:''' Thanks to them, people like me always have a living to earn... Oh, and thanks to you, I can finally afford a nice coffee.
::'''Maddah:''' Thanks for the stories you shared with me. Please, take this as your payment.
::'''Maddah:''' Don't forget to share new stories with me when you come across them!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* The name of this commission is a reference to the ''{{w|One Thousand and One Nights}}'', a collection of folk tales from the Islamic Golden Age, also known as the ''Arabian Nights''.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = 1,001 Cups of Coffee
|zhs     = 一千零一杯咖啡
|zhs_rm  = Yīqiān Líng Yī Bēi Kāfēi
|zht     = 一千零一杯咖啡
|zht_rm  = Yīqiān Líng Yī Bēi Kāfēi
|zh_tl   = One Thousand and One Cups of Coffee
|ja      = 千零一杯のコーヒー
|ja_rm   = Senreiippai no Koohii
|ja_tl   = One Thousand and One Cups of Coffee
|ko      = 1001잔의 커피
|ko_rm   = Cheonhanjan-ui Keopi
|ko_tl   = 1,001 Cups of Coffee
|es      = Los mil y un cafés
|es_tl   = The One Thousand and One Coffees
|fr      = Les mille et un cafés
|fr_tl   = The One Thousand and One Coffees
|ru      = 1001 чашка кофе
|ru_tl   = 1,001 Cups of Coffee
|th      = กาแฟ 1,001 แก้ว
|th_rm   = Ka-fae 1,001 Kaeo
|th_tl   = 1,001 Cups of Coffee
|vi      = Ngàn Lẻ Một Ly Cà Phê
|vi_tl   = One Thousand and One Cups of Coffee
|de      = Tausendundeine Tasse Kaffee
|de_tl   = One Thousand and One Cup of Coffee
|id      = Seribu Satu Kopi
|id_tl   = One Thousand and One Coffees
|pt      = 1.001 Copos de Café
|pt_tl   = 1,001 Cups of Coffee
|tr      = 1.001 Fincan Kahve
|tr_tl   = 1,001 Cups of Coffee
|it      = Mille e una tazza di caffè
|it_tl   = One Thousand and One Cup of Coffee
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru}}