{{Event
|name              = 1M subscribers to Genshin Impact's Youtube Channel!
|image             = 1M subscribers to Genshin Impact's Youtube Channel! Event.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2020-12-24 12:00:00
|time_end          = 2020-12-31 23:59:59
|time_start_offset = UTC+8
|time_end_offset   = UTC+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/112888
}}
'''1M subscribers to Genshin Impact's YouTube Channel!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 1.2]].

==Description==
Dear Travelers, thanks to your continued love and support, Genshin Impact's official YouTube channel has now surpassed one million subscribers!

Paimon is delighted to have met each and every one of you! It's so wonderful to see Travelers from all around the globe gathering for adventures in the magical world of Teyvat. (ᗒᗨᗕ)

To provide Travelers around the world with a more convenient traveling experience, Paimon is pleased to announce that the Forums are now available in multiple languages, and that the Battle Chronicle tool is also ready! Travelers, you can now select your preferred language(s) to stay better informed about the latest happenings in Teyvat, and you can also check your travel statistics via the Battle Chronicle tool.（ﾉ´∀`）

To celebrate the launch of the multilingual Forums, and to thank all our Travelers who have followed and supported us so far, Paimon has prepared a special prize draw event~

==Event Duration==
2020/12/24 12:00 – 2020/12/31 23:59 (UTC+8)
Winners will be announced on 2021/01/06.

==Rewards==
* {{Item|Primogem|x=50|20}}, to be awarded at random to 1,000 lucky participants.
* If the number of event participants reaches 100K, a total of 10K lucky winners will be drawn.
* If the number of event participants reaches 200K, then a total of 20K lucky winners will be drawn.
* And so on for every additional 100K participants.
** The total number of participants across all languages of the Forums will be combined.

==How to participate==
Leave a comment [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/112888 in the forum post] with the following format: [Your platform (i.e., PS4/PC/Mobile)]+[Your UID]

Examples:<br>
[PS4]+[800000001]<br>
[Mobile]+[600000002]<br>
[PC]+[700000003]
* Note: Please do not forget to use the [] brackets.
* Travelers can find their UID in the lower-right corner of the screen.
* Go to your personal miHoYo Account page (http://xxx) and link your email address.
* Once you have completed the above steps, your participation in the event is complete.

==Friendly Reminders==
# Only 1 entry is permitted per miHoYo Account ID. Entering the event via other language pages will not result in the chance of additional rewards.
# Travelers who have already linked their email address previously are not required to link it again.
# Travelers must complete all of the steps listed above to complete their entry into the event.
# Comments unrelated to this event, comments on other replies to this post, and new threads will not be counted as valid event entries.
# This event is open to Travelers from the following servers: America, Europe, Asia, and TW, HK, MO.
# The Genshin Impact Official Community Team reserves the right of final interpretation of this event's rules.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}