{{Event
|name              = 2020 Halloween Discord Art Contest
|image             = 2020 Halloween Discord Art Contest.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Fanart
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2020-10-23 20:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2020-10-29 20:00:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1319259889848307712
}}
{{Description|Travelers,<br>We're holding a Halloween Art Contest on Discord, so come show your talent dear fwends. Rewards ain't candies but they're SHWEEEET!!!<br>For information on how to participate, visit the Official [https://discord.com/invite/genshinimpact Discord].}}
'''2020 Halloween Art Contest''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 1.0]].

==Rules==
* One entry per applicant.
* Entry must be '''ORIGINAL'''!
* Entry should have clearly recognizable Genshin Impact characters/elements and ties in with a Halloween theme.
* Entry must be SFW.
* Selected winners will go through verification by sending a sketch/WIP/draft in order to prove the submission belongs to the rightful owner.
* Entry must be uploaded to Twitter with #GenshinImpact and #GenshinHalloween.

'''<u>Note:</u>''' Winners will be determined by the Discord Staff Team. Creative or funny works have a higher chance of being chosen! Please ensure your Twitter account is SFW. Applicants with NSFW profiles will be disqualified.

==Rewards==
* [[Blessing of the Welkin Moon]] (50 Winners)
* Top 3 Winners will additionally have their works retweeted

==Winners announcement==
Thank you for participating in #GenshinImpact's FIRST 2020 Halloween Art Contest! Paimon loved everyone entries, but only 50 can win this sweet treat! Paimon also would like the Travelers to see her favorite Top 3 artists! 

https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1322635961403019264

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|1}}