{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 10502
|image         = A Bewildering Fate.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Astrolabos Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = Beyond This World's Stars
|character     = Mona
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|prev          = To Mondstadt
|exp           = 525
|mora          = 31,125
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Teachings of Resistance|5}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Goth; Katheryne (Mondstadt); Klee; Mona; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Bewildering Fate''''' is the third and final part of [[Mona]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Astrolabos Chapter]]: Act I -  [[Beyond This World's Stars]].

==Steps==
#Reach [[Mondstadt]]
#Catch up with [[Klee]] and retrieve the box
#Defeat the attacking Dendro slimes
#Talk to Klee and retrieve the box
#Accompany Klee to return the box to [[Mona]]
#Speak to [[Katheryne]] and help Mona find a place to stay
#Head to the magical laboratory and check the seal
#Talk to Mona

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|On your journey, you witness Mona's strength as an astrologist, as well as her constraints. At last, you arrive at your destination – Mondstadt.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(At Mondstadt)
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Are you ready? Don't shame your master now &mdash; we're about to meet that successor.
:{{DIcon}} I can't tell fortunes...
:{{DIcon}} I can't read the stars...
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I guess... Wait, no! It won't do if you have no idea at all, even if you are a fake disciple.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' We have a rule that forbids us from teaching outsiders, but I suppose... I suppose I could teach you.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' My astrology is based on hydromancy, and as the name suggests, I use the reflections in water bodies to observe the true starry sky.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Allow me to demonstrate. Watch closely now.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' From the present station and movement of the stars... I see, so that successor is a young... female... Knight of Favonius.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Doesn't that sound like... Lisa?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' We will meet her here presently.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well, that's all the information we need.
:{{DIcon}} T&mdash;That's all?
:{{DIcon}} I haven't had a chance to look yet.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' *sigh* It seems that even basic astrology can't be grasped in one go.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Never mind. I'll explain in detail later &mdash; she's here.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 klee 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo mnlq003 2 klee 01b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Wow, it's you, {{MC|Mister|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight! And Paimon too! You're back!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' That's her! The successor to great knowledge!
:{{DIcon}} ...You mean Klee?!
:{{DIcon}} There must be some mistake!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Successor...?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' That's right. I am the astrologist who has plumbed the depths of the ocean of stars. Surely, you have long calculated my arrival as well.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' An ocean of stars? What's that? Does it have fish in it?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Fish...? No, don't play dumb. Is this some kind of game?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I should be the one saying that! I didn't get what you said at all!
:{{DIcon}} We're getting nowhere fast.
:{{DIcon}} See, I said this was a mistake.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 14.ogg}} '''Mona:''' But my predictions can't be mistaken... Well, let's make sure. Your mother's name is [[Alice]], isn't it?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 klee 05.ogg}} '''Klee:''' That's right! Oh, so you're Mommy's friend! But she's gone very far away...
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 15.ogg}} '''Mona:''' My readings told me as much. But before she left, she must have imparted her mystical arts to you, surely?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 klee 06.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Mystical... arts? I... don't get it. Mommy only taught me to make Jumpy Dumpties.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Klee's mother is the friend and rival of Mona's teacher?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 16.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Yes. As well-versed in astrology as she was, my master knew only astrology. Alice, on the other hand, was skilled in a great many other mystical fields.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well... Klee's so young, so even if she'd heard this deep knowledge, she might not have understood.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 17.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Yes. It seems she has inherited the blood, but not the knowledge... what a miscalculation. There can be no contest like this.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 18.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ah, yes. So, before Alice left, did she tell you about a fifty-year agreement, and about a certain box?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 klee 07.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Ooh, I know this one! So you're here for that box. I'll look. Wait here!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 klee 08.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Hmm... Not this one...
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 klee 09.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Hmm... Hm... Or this one...
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 klee 10.ogg}} '''Klee:''' No, no, it's not this one either...
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 klee 11.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Ah! I remember now. I buried it together with my new treasure, at {{Color|buzzword|Windrise}}!
:{{DIcon}} It's a bomb again, isn't it?
:{{DIcon}} Why do you always bury important things outdoors?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 klee 12.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Wait for me. I'll be right back!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Klee, don't just run off! Don't you need the things in your pack?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 19.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I'll help her pack these things back in. You go after her.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 2 mona 20.ogg}} '''Mona:''' *sigh* Looking at how rash she is, I worry for the box...

;(Talk to Mona again)
:{{A|vo dialog mnlq003 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' That box is really important to me...
:{{A|vo dialog mnlq003 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' If anything were to happen to it, I wouldn't be able to report back to that old crone...
----
;(Catch up to Klee)
:{{A|vo mnlq003 4 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' We're heeere! This is it. Let's dig it up!
:{{DIcon}} This has to be the work of Dendro Slimes.
:{{DIcon}} Dendro Slimes must have done this.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 4 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' It can't be. I put up a sign here. There's no mistake–
:{{A|vo mnlq003 4 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Argh! Dendro Slimes!
:{{DIcon}} Yup. Dendro Slimes.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* We can talk later, let's take them out first!
;(After defeating the Dendro Slimes)
:{{A|vo mnlq003 6 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Found it! It's this box.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Glad it wasn't damaged in the explosions.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 6 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Retrieval complete! Let's bring it back!
----
;(Return to Mona)
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You're back at last. The wait was exceedingly dull.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I had intended to read a book to pass the time, but this one was just some ridiculous diary. Nothing of note in it at all.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' It dropped from Klee's backpack, so I thought it might contain some ancient knowledge, but...
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Never mind that. So, did you find the box?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' We did. It's in perfect shape!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' That's wonderful&mdash; Wait a moment... W&mdash;Why isn't it locked?! And... why is it empty!?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ehhh?!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Well... it's because I borrowed this box to store my treasures.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Borrowed?!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' But since you're here for the box, I took all my treasures out. That's why it's empty.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You used it to store your things?! T&mdash;Then where are the original contents of the box? That's what I want.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Oh. You want the thing that used to be in the box? ...You should've said so.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You haven't... broken it, have you?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 klee 05.ogg}} '''Klee:''' No! It's not broken at all!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Phew...
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 klee 06.ogg}} '''Klee:''' It's the book in your hand.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Whaaaaaaat&mdash;?!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' T&mdash;This... So this book, this diary... is that hag's... It's her diary from 50 years ago?!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The thing she wanted back after 50 years was the dark history of her youth?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ah, I'm finished! No wonder... No wonder that old woman said that I should not look at it no matter what, or she'd rip me to shreds...
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 klee 07.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Am... Am I in trouble?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 klee 08.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Ah! It was you who said you wanted the box. You didn't say anything about the thing inside!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 klee 09.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I don't know anything. I'm leaving! Bye!
:{{DIcon}} What a touching conclusion...
:{{DIcon}} There's no point getting mad at Klee.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm... Well, if you don't say anything, your master won't find out, will she?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 14.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Impossible. Astrology can see through all lies &mdash; you've seen it yourself.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 15.ogg}} '''Mona:''' *sigh* After having spent all my Mora to come to Mondstadt, not only have I gained no knowledge, but now I can't return... How did it come to this...
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's so sad... Maybe you could forget everything in that book, and then go back?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 16.ogg}} '''Mona:''' That's... too difficult. And even if I wanted to stay in Mondstadt, it would be...
:{{DIcon}} Too embarrassing?
::{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 17a.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Yes. How can I maintain a proper astrologist's mentality if I stay with all these philistines?
:{{DIcon}} Too expensive?
::{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 17b.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Yes&mdash; I mean, no! You really have no way with words.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, then you'll just have to go back to face your master.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 18.ogg}} '''Mona:''' S&mdash;Stop talking about it! I... I guess I'll have to...
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 19.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I'll just have to stay in Mondstadt temporarily. Once that old crone's reached the end of her days, I'll be free.
:{{DIcon}} An intimidating resolution.
:{{DIcon}} Does that really count as "temporary"?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 20.ogg}} '''Mona:''' But what will I do about my astrology research? ...No, wait, I don't even have a place to stay.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' About that, we can go ask {{Color|buzzword|Katheryne at the Adventurers' Guild}}. Let's see if she can help.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 21.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The Adventurers' Guild? Ah, right, you can do commissions for them in exchange for... you know what I mean, don't you?
:{{DIcon}} Of course.
:{{DIcon}} That was always the plan.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 7 mona 22.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh. Um, thanks. I... Never mind, it's nothing.
----
;(Talking to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo mnlq003 8 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Ad astra abyssosque! Welcome to the Adventurers' Guild.
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Mona's background and her quandary...
:{{A|vo mnlq003 8 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I see. I understand the situation.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 8 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' There is a {{Color|buzzword|magic laboratory}} in Mondstadt that has been sealed by some unknown person.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 8 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Although we have a few specialists who could break that seal, they all have their own labs, and aren't that interested in the matter.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 8 katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I believe that if the astrologist you mentioned can break that seal, the owner of that house wouldn't mind if she stayed there.
:{{DIcon}} I think she can do it.
:{{DIcon}} I'll take her to go have a look.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 8 katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Alright. Then, allow me to tell you where the house is.
----
;(Interact with the door)
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The person who placed this seal... is by no means simple. Breaking this seal by force is nigh on impossible.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Interesting. I suppose it's worth using my astrology on.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Let me see... Hmm, I see, so if you first... ...and then you...
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Alright, it's open.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Holey moley, that's amazing!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now we just need to go back to Katheryne, and you'll be able to stay here!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 goth 01.ogg}} '''[[Goth]]:''' No need, no need, you have my utmost thanks.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You are...?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 goth 02.ogg}} '''Goth:''' Oh, I'm Goth, the owner of this house. I passed by the Adventurers' Guild a while back, and Katheryne told me about the matter.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 goth 03.ogg}} '''Goth:''' I never thought that this troublesome seal would be dispelled so quickly!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Does that mean I can stay here?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 goth 04.ogg}} '''Goth:''' Of course, of course. The facilities inside were just being left there, anyway. I would be glad to have someone make use of them.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 goth 05.ogg}} '''Goth:''' To express my thanks, I shall rent this building to you at the lowest possible price!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' R&mdash;Rent?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I didn't hear anything about rent, and I helped out, too...
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 goth 06.ogg}} '''Goth:''' Help? Yes, of course, I understand. I am most thankful to you for that, so rest assured that I will give you the best rates!
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I... I mean...
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks Mona's misunderstood something, but...
:{{DIcon}} This might be her best option.
:{{DIcon}} Save a little here, scrimp a little there, and you'll be fine.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' *sigh* I guess I don't have any other choice. I'll rent this place.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 goth 07.ogg}} '''Goth:''' Great! Then we are agreed. I will go prepare the documentation, please wait here.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Thanks for your help. Also, well, I'm very sorry, but I won't be able to do what I agreed to help you with just yet.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Without the necessary tools, and without new knowledge, it will take me some time to see your destiny clearly.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' But I promise that I'll do a reading for you first thing once I'm ready!
:{{DIcon}} As you said, this journey was all gain and no loss.
::{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 14a.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Thank you. Our traveling together was fate  and of the good kind, I'd say.
:{{DIcon}} Guess you've got to keep working at it, then.
::{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 14b.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Yes... I don't really know what to do, but... I'll do my best.
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 mona 15.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I wish you both safe travels! As for me... I need to think of the future as well.
;(Mona leaves)
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How is she going to make a living if she doesn't use astrology to make money?
:{{A|vo mnlq003 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe we should come back to check on her once in a while. It would be really bad if she fainted from hunger in there...
----
;(Interact with Mona's laboratory)
: {{A|vo dialog mnlq004 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Cut that racket out! I'm doing experiments here!
: {{A|vo dialog mnlq004 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh, it's you, (Traveler). I'm currently running some tests related to your situation. I should see some results soon, so please wait patiently.
: {{A|vo dialog mnlq004 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Don't worry about me fainting from hunger. In any case, I've figured out a way to make some money...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
*After this quest ends and you leave the area or interact with the building once, the unsealed building will no longer be interactable.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Bewildering Fate
|zhs     = 扑朔迷离的命运
|zhs_rm  = Pūshuòmílí de Mìngyùn
|zht     = 撲朔迷離的命運
|zht_rm  = Pūshuòmílí de Mìngyùn
|zh_tl   = A Bewildering Fate
|ja      = よく見えない運命
|ja_rm   = Yoku Mienai Unmei
|ja_tl   = Unclear Fate
|ko      = 종잡을 수 없는 운명
|ko_tl   = A Bewildering Fate
|es      = Un destino enmarañado
|es_tl   = A Bewildering Fate
|fr      = Les voies du destin
|fr_tl   = The Ways of Fate
|ru      = Ошеломительная судьба
|ru_tl   = A Stunning Fate
|th      = โชคชะตาที่สับสน
|th_rm   = Chokchata thi Sapson
|th_tl   = A Bewildering Fate
|vi      = Vận Mệnh Mập Mờ
|vi_tl   = Unclear Fate
|de      = Verwirrendes Schicksal
|de_tl   = Confusing Fate
|id      = Takdir yang Tak Pasti
|id_tl   = An Uncertain Fate
|pt      = Um Destino Confuso
|pt_tl   = A Confusing Fate
|tr      = Kaderin Bir Oyunu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un destino sconcertante
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Un destino enmarañado]]