{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22200
|image         = NPC Location Yicheng Context.png <!--nothing special about comm, so recycle-->
|type          = Commission
|summary       = The Traveler helps Yicheng fill his stomach by providing him some food.
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Traveler; Yicheng
|region        = Liyue
|npc           = Yicheng
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
*Additional Rewards:
{{Card|Mora|3,000|caption=for 3{{star}} dishes and Sweet Madame, Jueyun Chili Chicken, or Tea Break Pancake}}{{Card|Mora|2,000|caption=for all other dishes}}
}}
'''A Bottomless Appetite''' is a daily [[commission]] that occurs in [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Look for the source of the rumbling noise
# Find [[Yicheng]] a dish that can fill his stomach
## (Version 1) Give Yicheng one of the following: [[Sweet Madame]], [[Mondstadt Grilled Fish]], [[Fisherman's Toast]], or [[Calla Lily Seafood Soup]]
## (Version 2) Give Yicheng one of the following: [[Squirrel Fish]], [[Jueyun Chili Chicken]], [[Cream Stew]], or [[Teyvat Fried Egg]]
##(Version 3) Give Yicheng one of the following: [[Lotus Seed and Bird Egg Soup]], [[Chicken-Mushroom Skewer]], [[Tea Break Pancake]], [[Black-Back Perch Stew]]

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

Additional Mora can be received, depending on which dish is submitted. 3000 Mora is gained for giving a non-Suspicious 3{{star}} dish or a non-Suspicious Sweet Madame, Jueyun Chili Chicken, or Tea Break Pancake. 2000 Mora is gained for giving any other dish.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Yicheng, who patrols [[Liyue Harbor#Feiyun Slope|Feiyun Slope]], seems to have grown so hungry that his stomach can no longer bear it...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Yicheng)
:'''Yicheng:''' Hello, do you *RUMBLE*
:'''Yicheng:''' Ugh, my stomach is making an awful racket again. I was saying, do you need any *RUMBLE*
:{{DIcon}} Uh, you were saying?
:'''Yicheng:''' *sigh* My stomach acts up like this every time I'm hungry. Rumble this and rumble that, and it's really loud, too. I can't even hear the sound of my own voice.
:'''Yicheng:''' Although *RUMBLE* went to Bubu Pharmacy to get myself checked, but the doctor that said I was not sick, just hungry &mdash; so there's no cure for my *GROWL*
:'''Yicheng:''' The doctor said that I just needed to eat full meals, but I... I've always had a bigger *GRUMBLE* than most. If I were to eat my fill every time, I'd burn a hole right through my wallet.
:'''Yicheng:''' [[Jiayi]] tells me that if my main meals don't fill me up yet, I should buy a little something to fill in the gaps in between so it doesn't affect my work.
:'''Yicheng:''' "Fill in the gaps," he says, but I've got a long list of dishes I'd like to eat, and I'm not sure which is best for filling my stomach.
:'''Yicheng:''' Traveler, you're experienced in the outdoor life. Surely you know what foods fill your stomach best?
:'''Yicheng:''' Could you help me pick the most filling and delicious dish from my list?
:{{DIcon}} What would you like to eat this time?
:'''Yicheng:''' Oh, there's plenty... Let me think...
;(If Version 1)
::'''Yicheng:''' Oh, I've heard there's some great-tasting dishes from Mondstadt &mdash; Sweet Madame, Mondstadt Grilled Fish, Fisherman's Toast, Calla Lily Seafood Soup...
::'''Yicheng:''' Well, just get me the one that'll best fill my stomach. Thanks for your help!
::'''Yicheng:''' If I eat that, at least my stomach won't be crying out all day...
;(If Version 2)
::'''Yicheng:''' I'd kill for some Squirrel Fish or Jueyun Chili Chicken, but I've heard that Mondstadt dishes like Cream Stew and Teyvat Fried Egg are really good too.
::'''Yicheng:''' Just thinking about makes me *RUMBLE*
::'''Yicheng:''' Please help me out and get me one of those dishes... I just need my stomach to stop *GROWL* for the day...
;(If Version 3)
::"'''Yicheng:''' I'm craving some Lotus Seed and Bird Egg Soup but also some Black-Back Perch Stew... though some Mondstadt dishes also catch my fancy. A Chicken-Mushroom Skewer wouldn't go amiss, nor would a Tea Break Pancake or several...
::'''Yicheng:''' Well, just get me one that will best fill my stomach. Thanks for your help!
::'''Yicheng:''' If I eat that, at least my stomach won't be crying out all day...
----
;(Talking to Yicheng again)
:'''Yicheng:''' Have you found that filling dish yet?
:{{DIcon}} I've got it.
::'''Yicheng:''' Great, let me have a taste.
:;(Selection screen opens. If you select an item...)
:;(If Normal/Delicious 3{{star}} food item)
:::'''Yicheng:''' This taste, this smell, it's wonderful!
:::'''Yicheng:''' The quantity is sufficient, as well. I just can't get enough! My stomach isn't grumbling anymore, either! *burp*
:::'''Yicheng:''' It's just that now that I'm full, I can't help burp. *burp*
:::'''Yicheng:''' Thank you so much. Please take this as a token of my appreciation. *burp*
:;(If Normal/Delicious 1{{star}}/2{{star}} food item)
:::'''Yicheng:''' This dish is well-made indeed. A lot of effort must have gone into it, and it does taste great.
:::'''Yicheng:''' Still... there's a bit too little of it. Can't fill my stomach like this.
:::'''Yicheng:''' It was still nice to eat such a delicious *RUMBLE* though...
:::'''Yicheng:''' Thank you. Please accept these.
:;(If Suspicious 2{{star}}/3{{star}} item)
:::'''Yicheng:''' This smells odd. The ingredients haven't been cut properly, and this chunk here isn't even well-cooked!
:::'''Yicheng:''' Well, it doesn't seem promising, but it's got quantity, so it'll at least keep my stomach quiet.
:::'''Yicheng:''' *burp* Thank you. This is just a token of my appreciation. Please take it. *burp*
:;(If Suspicious 1{{star}} item)
:::'''Yicheng:''' This taste is... really odd. Feels like it was left overnight. Not at all like I was told it would taste.
:::'''Yicheng:''' The texture is bad, almost like chewing on sand... The quantity is small as well. Why, I finished it in one or two bites.
:::'''Yicheng:''' *sigh* This won't be enough for sure. Guess I'll have to go look for something else to chew on...
:::'''Yicheng:''' Still, thank you, friend. Please take this as thanks.
;(If Version 1)
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Yicheng:''' Alright. If you mean to get Fisherman's Toast, I know that the [[Wanmin Restaurant]] usually sells it.
::'''Yicheng:''' Hmm, I've heard a merchant from Mondstadt say that the [[Good Hunter]] has this Calla Lily Seafood Soup. I think it could be pretty good.
::'''Yicheng:''' Speaking of Mondstadt dishes, Grilled Fish and Sweet Madame should be quite simple to make.
::'''Yicheng:''' *RUMBLE* ...Ah, even just saying the names of these dishes out loud is making me hungrier still...
;(If Version 2)
:{{DIcon}} Not just yet.
::'''Yicheng:''' You can consult [[Chef Mao]] of the [[Wanmin Restaurant]] as to how to make Squirrel Fish and Jueyun Chili Chicken.
::'''Yicheng:''' I've heard Mondstadt merchants say that the [[Good Hunter]] has something they call Cream Stew. I wonder how that might taste...
::'''Yicheng:''' Teyvat Fried Egg should be really easy to make, or so I *RUMBLE*
::'''Yicheng:''' *RUMBLE* ...Ah, even just saying the names of these dishes out loud is making me hungrier still...
;(If Version 3)
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Yicheng:''' I've heard that [[Chef Mao]] of the [[Wanmin Restaurant]] knows how to make Black-Back Perch Stew &mdash; you can ask him.
::'''Yicheng:''' As for Lotus Seed and Bird Egg Soup, I think [[herbalist Gui]] knows the recipe. He works at [[Bubu Pharmacy]] in [[Yujing Terrace]] if you need to ask him about it.
::'''Yicheng:''' I've heard from a merchant that the Tea Break Pancakes from [[Good Hunter]] in Mondstadt taste really good, and are very filling as well.
::'''Yicheng:''' As for Chicken-Mushroom Skewers... Surely they can't be that hard to make?
::'''Yicheng:''' *RUMBLE* ...Ah, even just saying the names of these dishes out loud is making me hungrier still...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Bottomless Appetite
|zhs     = 无底之胃
|zhs_rm  = Wúdǐ zhī Wèi
|zht     = 無底之胃
|zht_rm  = Wúdǐ zhī Wèi
|zh_tl   = Bottomless Stomach
|ja      = 底なし胃袋
|ja_rm   = Sokonashi Ibukuro
|ja_tl   = A Bottomless Stomach
|ko      = 블랙홀 같은 위
|ko_rm   = Beullaekhol Gateun Wi
|ko_tl   = A Blackhole-Like Stomach
|es      = Un estómago sin fondo
|es_tl   = A Bottomless Stomach
|fr      = Un appétit dérangeant
|fr_tl   = A Disturbing Appetite
|ru      = Бездонный аппетит
|ru_tl   = A Bottomless Appetite
|th      = กระเพาะที่เติมไม่เต็ม
|th_rm   = Krapho thi Toem Mai Tem
|th_tl   = A Bottomless Stomach
|vi      = Dạ Dày Không Đáy
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Grenzenloser Appetit
|de_tl   = Bottomless Appetite
|id      = Perut Tak Berdasar
|id_tl   = A Bottomless Stomach
|pt      = Um Apetite Infinito
|pt_tl   = An Infinite Appetite
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|Standalone}}