{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20102
|type          = Commission
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|characters    = Draff; Grace; Timmie; Traveler
|npc           = Draff
|prev          = [[Pigeons Go AWOL]]
|prevNote      = Found Draff's Letter during Hilichurl version
|other         = *Grants the achievement [["Dear Daddy..."]].
* AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''A Boy's Letter''''' is the [[commission]] that requires completing the Hilichurl version of [[Pigeons Go AWOL]]. Unlike the commission [[Sorry, Timmie!]], it is not guaranteed the next day.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Draff]]
#Talk to [[Grace]]
#Talk to [[Timmie]]
#Give the [[Dandelion Seed|Dandelions]] to Timmie
#Give [[A Letter by Timmie|Timmie's letter]] to Draff

==Gameplay Notes==
* Grants the hidden achievement [["Dear Daddy..."]].

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Draff]] of [[Springvale]] seems to be fretting over a letter...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Draff)
:'''Draff:''' *sigh* I wonder how the kid's getting along...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Draff:''' Hmm...? Oh, hi. Perfect timing, do you still remember that letter from last time?
:'''Draff:''' If you can spare the time, please deliver this letter to Grace for me.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Draff:''' Thank you.
:{{DIcon}} Why me?
::'''Draff:''' Well, I'm hardly going to trust those pigeons with it after what happened last time.
::'''Draff:''' Also, if I take the letter to Mondstadt myself, I'll have to face that kid...
::'''Draff:''' *sigh* Don't ask... Just... Please. Do this for me.
;(Obtain [[Draff's Letter]] ×1)

;(Talk to Draff again)
:'''Draff:''' ...I thought you were supposed to be delivering my letter?
:{{DIcon}} About the letter...
::'''Draff:''' ...It's about something that happened a long time ago. I take it you didn't read it last time, then?
::'''Draff:''' Don't bother reading it. It's boring and long-winded.
:{{DIcon}} Who's the kid?
::'''Draff:''' If you must know, I mean that little boy who's always feeding the pigeons on the bridge.
::'''Draff:''' Yes, Timmie. For certain reasons... it would be best if I avoided him at the moment.
::'''Draff:''' Happy now? Now quickly, get this letter to Grace before she starts fretting.
----
;(Talk to Grace)
:'''Grace:''' Strange, it should be here by now... What if something's happened...
:{{DIcon}} A letter for you, from Draff.
:'''Grace:''' Hmm? What are you doing here? You're not a carrier pigeon...
:'''Grace:''' ...Something happened to the pigeons? Goodness. Never a dull day in Springvale.
:'''Grace:''' Well, thanks for bringing the letter. One second, I've got a little something for you in return...
:{{DIcon}} About the letter...
:'''Grace:''' Oh, you read it? Not that it matters, it's nothing confidential.
:'''Grace:''' To put it in Draff's words, it's just something that happened a long time ago.
:'''Grace:''' But although it was long ago, it's something we will never forget.
:{{DIcon}} Please continue...
:'''Grace:''' You really want to know? Well, you seem trustworthy enough... But promise me you will keep it a secret.
:{{DIcon}} I promise.
:{{DIcon}} I can't promise anything...
::'''Grace:''' Ugh, you are insufferable...
::'''Grace:''' ...But go on then.
:'''Grace:''' ...Timmie's father is good friends with Draff. They do everything together &mdash; hunting, drinking, causing all sorts of trouble...
:'''Grace:''' I don't know how many times they've been warned by the Knights. Or been lectured by Sister Victoria.
:'''Grace:''' Finally, when Timmie was born, his father reined it in. Went teetotal and everything. Started working hard to provide for his family and "set an example" for his son, as he puts it.
:'''Grace:''' He became so obsessed with not setting a bad example for Timmie that he even managed to get Draff to give up alcohol.
:'''Grace:''' ...Except that once in a while, when they just couldn't bear it anymore, they'd meet up and binge drink apple cider. I joined them for a drink too, once or twice.
:'''Grace:''' Unfortunately, Timmie's father was seriously injured in a hunting accident one day...
:'''Grace:''' Draff brought him here as quickly as he could, and we did everything within our power to save him... But sadly, he didn't make it.
:'''Grace:''' Since then, Draff's asked me to look after Timmie while he returns to Springvale to be a hunter.
:'''Grace:''' Each month he sends a letter and some money. But he can't face seeing Timmie.
:'''Grace:''' Recently, he has started saying he wants to tell Timmie the truth about that fateful day... *sigh* I dread to think what he must have been through...
:{{DIcon}} You don't want Timmie to know the truth?
::'''Grace:''' Correct. He's still just a child... I don't think it's wise to tell him everything.
::'''Grace:''' As much as he says he's a big boy now, and even helps me look after [[Nora]] and [[Glory]]...
::'''Grace:''' ...I'm just not sure he could cope with all the gruesome details. It's too much.
::'''Grace:''' Maybe when he's older. But for now...
::'''Grace:''' I'd rather he has the chance of a happy childhood. Even if that means not being completely honest with him.
:{{DIcon}} You can't hide it from him forever.
::'''Grace:''' I know that, I do... But he's just so young...
::'''Grace:''' I just hope... No, I insist that he has the chance of a happy childhood.
::'''Grace:''' That way, whatever awful things he might experience in life, at the very least he will have some fond memories to look back on.
:{{DIcon}} What's so bad about knowing the truth?
::'''Grace:''' Hmm... Well, it makes sense for someone like you to think that way. You've been through a lot already, which has given you courage and resilience.
::'''Grace:''' I have no doubt that whatever has shaped you into who you are today, it must have included some very painful experiences.
::'''Grace:''' But Timmie is still so young. Maybe it is out of my own selfishness, but I won't have him taking on more than he can bear.
::'''Grace:''' ...At the very least, I want him to have a happy childhood.
:'''Grace:''' I won't deny that Timmie is growing up, though. He's increasingly curious, and asks more and more questions...
:'''Grace:''' It's getting more and more difficult for me to face him.
:'''Grace:''' Nora says Timmie always used to drag her out into the wild, saying he wanted to make a gift for his father or send a letter to him.
:'''Grace:''' But these days, he's so sullen and lifeless all the time.
:'''Grace:''' If you have the time, could you check up on Timmie for me?
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Grace:''' Wonderful, thanks.
:{{DIcon}} Why not do it yourself?
::'''Grace:''' It's awkward, but... Although I keep saying to myself I won't tell him the truth...
::'''Grace:''' ...Every time I hear him say he wants to write a letter to his father, my heart goes out to him.
::'''Grace:''' I'm worried that one day I won't be able to stop myself from telling him the whole story
::'''Grace:''' ...I won't let that happen.
::'''Grace:''' So please go and check up on Timmie on my behalf.

;(Talk to Grace again)
:'''Grace:''' ...Lord Barbatos, if you've been watching...
:'''Grace:''' ...Please tell me what I'm supposed to do.
----
;(Talk to Timmie)
:'''Timmie:''' ...Still no news. Not even a word.
:{{DIcon}} Are you feeding the pigeons?
::'''Timmie:''' I fed them already today. And I got them to fly away earlier, so they would be safe... from you.
::'''Timmie:''' Now I'm writing a letter.
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
::'''Timmie:''' Writing a letter to Daddy.
:'''Timmie:''' Mommy says that Daddy will send a letter by pigeon when he has time.
:'''Timmie:''' But I've waited and waited and I haven't had a single letter from him... Maybe Daddy's just too busy at work.
:'''Timmie:''' Since Daddy's too busy, I want to send him a letter first. With a nice gift inside. But what would make a good gift?
:'''Timmie:''' ...I got it! {{Color|buzzword|Dandelions}}. Mommy says everyone in Mondstadt loves Dandelions.
:'''Timmie:''' Do you have time to find me some {{Color|buzzword|Dandelions}}?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Timmie:''' Yay! Thank you! ...So you ARE nice sometimes...
:{{DIcon}} ...Just Dandelions?
:'''Timmie:''' I did wanna send something better, but if it's too heavy the pigeon won't be able to carry it.
:'''Timmie:''' And Daddy works reeeeeally far away... The pigeon will have a long way to go already.

;(Talk to Timmie again without Dandelion Seeds)
:'''Timmie:''' Anyway. Go get me some {{Color|buzzword|Dandelions}}! You promised. And I've nearly finished writing my letter.
----
;(Talk to Timmie with Dandelion Seeds)
:'''Timmie:''' Did you get my Dandelions?
:{{DIcon}} Got them.
:'''Timmie:''' Yay! This is plenty.
:'''Timmie:''' In go the Dandelion Seeds... now I seal the envelope...
:'''Timmie:''' ...And we're all set! Yay! Daddy's going to be so happy when he gets my letter.
:'''Timmie:''' But... I heard that you need to use a proper trained carrier pigeon when you wanna send a letter. And I don't know Daddy's address...
:'''Timmie:''' Oh wait &mdash; I just remembered, Mommy says that Mr. Draff from Springvale keeps carrier pigeons.
:'''Timmie:''' And she also says that Mr. Draff knows Daddy. He must be able to send this letter.
:'''Timmie:''' So... Can you help me again? Take this letter to Mr. Draff and get him to send it to Daddy for me.
:'''Timmie:''' One more thing &mdash; no peeking!
:;(Obtain [[A Letter by Timmie]] ×1)

;(Talk to Timmie again)
:'''Timmie:''' Remember, give it to Mr. Draff in Springvale. Don't give it to the wrong person!
:'''Timmie:''' Mommy says Daddy and him are best friends. He's sure to know how to get this letter to Daddy.
:'''Timmie:''' But... Mommy also says that Mr. Draff and Daddy are both very busy in their work... Hmm, I wonder if I'll be busy like them when I grow up...
:'''Timmie:''' Ah, it doesn't matter &mdash; as long as I get to help Daddy, I don't mind if it's busy.
----
;(Talk to Draff)
:'''Draff:''' You're back? Did you deliver the letter?
:{{DIcon}} Timmie wants you to send this letter to his daddy.
:'''Draff:''' Timmie's still writing letters to his father... I assume you heard the whole story from Grace.
:'''Draff:''' I... I can't send this.
:{{DIcon}} Okay... just don't send it?
::'''Draff:''' Well, yes... As much as I'd like to, I simply can't.
::'''Draff:''' There's nothing I can do. I suppose I'll just hold onto it for now.
:{{DIcon}} Burn it.
::'''Draff:''' Hahaha... That's the adventurer in you talking! Decisive and efficient in all things.
::'''Draff:''' I'm no adventurer myself. Just a plain old hunter.
::'''Draff:''' I'm not going to burn this, or even open it. I'm just going to hold onto it for now.
:{{DIcon}} Let me keep it.
::'''Draff:''' What for? Surely you don't think my old friend might still be alive...
::'''Draff:''' ...Somewhere, out there, just waiting to be found...
::'''Draff:''' Yes, I used to wonder the same thing myself. Even put it to the test, but...
::'''Draff:''' In the end I just had accept the facts &mdash; my best friend is gone forever, never to return.
:'''Draff:''' Anyway, enough about that. I will keep the letter. Please consider it sent.
:'''Draff:''' He would understand... My dear old friend.
:'''Draff:''' Thanks for your help and please, please don't tell Timmie about this. I can trust you with that, right? ...Considering, here's your payment...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Boy's Letter
|zhs     = 一个男孩的去信
|zhs_rm  = Yīgè Nánhái de Qùxìn
|zht     = 一個男孩的去信
|zht_rm  = Yīgè Nánhái de Qùxìn
|zh_tl   = A Boy's Letter
|ja      = 男の子の手紙
|ja_rm   = Otoko no Ko no Tegami
|ja_tl   = A Boy's Letter
|ko      = 한 남자아이가 보낸 편지
|ko_tl   = Letter Which Sent by A Boy
|es      = La carta de un niño
|es_tl   = A Boy's Letter
|fr      = Lettre et soucis
|fr_tl   = Letter and Concerns
|ru      = Письмо одного мальчика
|ru_tl   = One Boy's Letter
|th      = จดหมายของเด็กชายคนหนึ่ง
|th_rm   = Chotmai khong Dekchai Khon Nueng
|th_tl   = Letter of a Little Boy
|vi      = Lá Thư Của Một Cậu Bé
|vi_tl   = Letter of a Boy
|de      = Brief eines kleinen Jungen
|de_tl   = A Little Boy's Letter
|id      = Surat Seorang Anak
|id_tl   = A Child's Letter
|pt      = A Carta de um Garoto
|pt_tl   = A Boy's Letter
|tr      = Küçük Çocuğun Mektubu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La lettera di un ragazzo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|In Series}}

[[de:Brief eines kleinen Jungen]]
[[es:La carta de un niño]]
[[pt-br:A Carta de um Garoto]]
[[ru:Письмо одного мальчика]]