{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75146 
|image         = World Quest A Brief History of Rocks.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = <!-- "The Way into the Mountain" is not required -->
|characters    = Little One; Mposo; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Remnants of Tetenanco]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Atocpan
|subarea       = Remnants of Tetenanco
|parent        = The Way Into the Mountain
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*250;Primogem*30;Mora*20000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''A Brief History of Rocks''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Remnants of Tetenanco]], [[Natlan]].

==Steps==
* Start the quest by talking to [[Mposo]] in Remnants of Tetenanco or by directly finding the Avatar of Lava{{Verify}}<!--don't remember if it starts when you break a certain piece of Pulverite or when the Iridescent Inscription appears or when the Avatar of Lava appears-->.
# Clear away the [[Pulverite]]
#* {{Enemy|Fluid Avatar of Lava|text=Fluid Avatar of Lava &mdash; Stoneheart Burning Bright}}
# Talk to the person who guards this place

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing either this quest or the quest ''[[Investigator of Ancient Ruins]]'' can be used to complete the quest ''[[The Way Into the Mountain]]''. It is also possible to complete either quest before starting ''The Way Into the Mountain''.
* During step 1, one Iridescent Inscription will already be present near the wall of light. The player is required to find and touch the remaining three [[Iridescent Inscription]]s hidden within the Pulverite blocks.
* Completing step 2 will grant the {{Achievement|Spirited Eruption}}, unless this achievement was already granted during ''Investigator of Ancient Ruins'', or while climbing the volcano directly.

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Check for dialogue conditions}}
{{Quest Description|One wonders if there are any clues to be found for entering the [[Great Volcano of Tollan]] amidst these crumbling ruins...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to "???", optional)
:'''???:''' *sigh* These rocks...
:'''???:''' Every day, they come crashing down... This eruption cycle really is something else.
:'''Paimon:''' Hi! Hello!
:'''???:''' *cough* It's rare for people to venture out this way. What can I help you with? *cough* ... Is that a little [[Tepetlisaurus]]?
:'''???:''' Are you from the [[Children of Echoes]]? I didn't realize they were so interested in fashion these days *cough* ... I've never seen such clothes &mdash; not to mention a flying pet!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Who are you calling a pet!?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's more of a companion...
::'''Paimon:''' Exactly! Paimon's a guide and a companion. Paimon's no one's pet!
:{{DIcon}} Hehe, that's modernity for you!
::'''Paimon:''' What are you still looking so pleased about!? Take back that part about Paimon being a pet, right now!
:'''Paimon:''' And for your information, we're not from the Children of Echoes either!
:'''???:''' In that case, this little Tepetlisaurus...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Ehrr?
:'''Paimon:''' He's a great friend we met during our travels!
:'''Paimon:''' My name's Paimon, this is {{Traveler}}, and this little fellow is {{Little One}}.
;(If ''Investigator of Ancient Ruins'' has been completed)
::'''???:''' Huh, that mark on his head... it's the [[Flamelord's Blessing]]. Are you... planning on taking him into the volcano?
::'''???:''' Do you know how to get in there?
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, of course!
::'''Mposo:''' *cough* I'm Mposo, I tried to go into the volcano once and... well, *cough* it truly is a dangerous place.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh, so you're "Idle Old Man Mposo?"
::'''Mposo:''' *cough* Been speaking to [[Dutse]] then, have you? Indeed, I am "Idle Old Man Mposo," in the flesh! But do call me Mposo, thank you very much.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait. Why "Old Man" Mposo...
::'''Mposo:''' Aye, aye. Dutse and most of the other children in the tribe have taken to calling me that.
::'''Mposo:''' *cough* It's hard to explain to an outsider... My great-grandfather was the youngest child of his generation, as was my grandfather, and then my father before me...
::'''Mposo:''' *cough* I might not look it, but I'm a couple of generations above them in the pecking order, so they've taken to calling me "Old Man"... So, Dutse told you about me, and now you want help getting inside the volcano?
::'''Mposo:''' You must be exceptionally strong if you wish to venture inside... *cough* I wonder if you can help me with something?
::'''Mposo:''' *sigh* Earlier adventures have left me somewhat feeble. You see those rocks the volcanic activity has left strewn on the ruins?
::'''Mposo:''' *cough* I'm unable to clear them away. I don't suppose you could help me remove them, could you? Hehe, you can keep anything interesting you find...
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Ehrr?
::'''Paimon:''' Really? We can just take 'em and go?
::'''Mposo:''' Think of it as a reward for your hard word *cough*... Besides, if you do stumble across something, it may well be of more use to you than to me...
::'''Paimon:''' In that case... {{Traveler}}!
::{{DIcon}} Okay!
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, I'll leave it to you then!
::;(Proceed to the next section)

;(If ''Investigator of Ancient Ruins'' has not been completed)
:;(If ''The Way Into the Mountain'' has been started)
:::'''Paimon:''' We're... adventurers, and we're looking for a way to get into the volcano. We're here to find someone called "Mposo." Someone told us that he should be patrolling around here somewhere...
:::'''Paimon:''' Do you know this... what was it they called him... "Idle Old Man Mposo"?
:::'''Mposo:''' *cough* Been speaking to Dutse then, have you? "Idle Old Man Mposo" is standing before your eyes, but you can call me Mposo, thank you very much.
:::'''Paimon:''' Huh? But, they called you... "Old Man" Mposo...
:::'''Mposo:''' Aye, they would. Dutse and most of the other children in the tribe have taken to calling me "Old Man."
:::'''Mposo:''' *cough* It's hard to explain to an outsider... My great-grandfather was the youngest child of his generation, as was my grandfather, and then my father before me...
:::'''Mposo:''' *cough* I might not look it, but I'm a couple of generations above them in the pecking order, so they've taken to calling me "Old Man"... So, Dutse told you about me, and now you want help getting inside the volcano?
:::'''Mposo:''' The way up there... *cough* I'm not trying to scare you away, but you should know the Great Volcano of Tollan isn't an easy place to get into... *cough*
:::'''Mposo:''' If you're not careful, the air itself can burn your windpipe... *cough* If that happens, the effects will plague you for the rest of your life.
:::'''Paimon:''' S&mdash;So s&mdash;scary... Are you sure the air is really that hot? Have you ever seen it happen to anyone?
:::'''Mposo:''' *cough* *cough*
:::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...
:::{{DIcon}} Evidently...
::::{{DIcon}} We're looking at someone it's happened to...
:::'''Paimon:''' Oh, ah... Paimon didn't know...
:::'''Mposo:''' It's fine... *cough* I tried to go into the volcano once and... well, *cough* I certainly found it a dangerous place.
:;(If ''The Way Into the Mountain'' has not been started)
:::'''Paimon:''' We're... adventurers, and we're looking for a way to get into the volcano. 
:::'''???:''' Ah. So, you want help getting inside...
:::'''???:''' The way up there... *cough* I'm not trying to scare you away, but you should know the Great Volcano of Tollan isn't an easy place to get into... *cough*
:::'''???:''' If you're not careful, the air itself can burn your windpipe... *cough* If that happens, the effects will plague you for the rest of your life.
:::'''Paimon:''' S&mdash;So s&mdash;scary... Are you sure the air is really that hot? Have you ever seen it happen to anyone?
:::'''???:''' *cough* *cough*
:::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...
:::{{DIcon}} Evidently...
::::{{DIcon}} We're looking at someone it's happened to...
:::'''Paimon:''' Oh, ah... Paimon didn't know...
:::'''Mposo:''' It's fine... *cough* There was no way for you to know. Call me Mposo. I tried to go into the volcano once and... well, *cough* I found it to be a dangerous place, alright.
::'''Mposo:''' But I imagine your desire to visit may have something to do with your little companion here...
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Ehrr?
::'''Mposo:''' Haha, it looks like he doesn't even know it yet... There are always saurians like this, who, before reaching adulthood, are drawn to the Sacred Mountain &mdash; it's like they've heard the volcano's call.
::'''Mposo:''' However, most of them don't bring companions. It should go without saying that other saurians don't want to accompany them &mdash; after all, they never come back... *cough*
::'''Mposo:''' This is a dangerous road you tread, {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, don't worry about us! We laugh in the face of danger. Isn't that right, {{Traveler}}!?
::{{DIcon}} I won't get out of bed for anything less than the possibility of death!
:::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
::{{DIcon}} That's right, Paimon. We stand tall, even 'neath a crumbling wall!
:::'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't understand what you said, but she knows it doesn't sound good!
:::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawwr!
:::'''Paimon:''' Hmph, don't you dare start copying {{MC|him|her}}!
::'''Mposo:''' Haha... *cough* Such a brave little fellow!
::'''Mposo:''' A saurian with a mark on its head... There was a little [[Tatankasaurus]] in the tribe like this a good many years ago. It would rarely interact with tribespeople, or even other Tatankasaurs.
::'''Mposo:''' *cough* Maybe lonely souls are easily drawn together &mdash; back then, it and I got along quite well.
::'''Mposo:''' But in the end, it, too, was drawn to the volcano... *cough* It came to see me one last time before it left. Perhaps it was hoping I would accompany it.
::'''Mposo:''' But... I didn't go.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh, why didn't you?
::'''Mposo:''' I don't know... Maybe I was scared... Maybe I didn't realize how important a friend could be...
::'''Mposo:''' Later, when they organized an exploration team, I volunteered to join... Was it guilt? Or did I want to prove myself to a friend I wasn't sure was still there...
::'''Mposo:''' In the end, I never found him. Instead, I... *cough*
::'''Mposo:''' I haven't been able to stop coughing since then. Pretty hopeless, aren't I... *cough* Can't even clear up these rocks that keep falling on the ruins.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Wrroh...
::'''Mposo:''' So, yeah. The volcano's a dangerous place. Do you want to go even so?
::{{DIcon}} We're sure.
::'''Mposo:''' *cough* ...Now that's an admirable look.
::'''Mposo:''' We're currently in the middle of an eruption cycle. *cough* The worse the [[Ley Line]]s get, the more frequently the volcano erupts. But ironically, this is the best time to try and get inside.
::'''Mposo:''' I can tell you how to get in, but before I do, I'd like to see a... show of strength, let's say... *cough*
::'''Mposo:''' Clear away the rocks the volcanic activity has left strewn on and around the ruins!
::'''Paimon:''' That's not a "show of strength"! That's us helping you complete your chores!
::'''Mposo:''' Haha... *cough* When you ask someone for help, it's always nice to show them kindness in return. Besides, as we say here in the [[Collective of Plenty]]:
::'''Mposo:''' "If you can't move a rock, how do you expect to move a volcano?"
::'''Mposo:''' *cough* ...Just show me how strong you are, please...
::;(Proceed to the next section)
----
;(Talk to Mposo again, optional)
:'''Mposo:''' *cough* The volcano gets more active whenever it enters a new eruption cycle and these falling rocks do massive damage to the ruins...
:'''Mposo:''' How about it? Will you *cough* ...help me clear them out?

;(Approach the [[Iridescent Inscription]] near the lava pool)
:'''Paimon:''' There's a whole bunch of golden patterns over here... Huh? You want to touch that one, {{Little One}}?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!

;(Touch the Iridescent Inscription)
:;(A Fluid Avatar of Lava spawns)
----
;(Approach Mposo after clearing the Pulverite)
;(If Mposo was not talked to before)
::'''???:''' Those rocks have finally been cleared away *cough* ... Did you do all this?
::'''???:''' A truly charitable deed &mdash; it would have taken all I had and then some to cough my way through clearing them out.
::'''???:''' *cough* ...Hey, the wall of light here...
::'''???:''' Did you open it?
::'''Paimon:''' Uh... Seems like the seal opened after those golden patterns flew over here...
::'''Paimon:''' We didn't break it... did we?
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Wrroh...
::{{DIcon}} It opened on its own.
::{{DIcon}} Seals can loosen over time...
::'''Mposo:''' Haha, there's no need to be nervous *cough* ... The truth is, I'm a guardian on patrol. The name's Mposo.
::'''Mposo:''' Sometimes, I also like to study the ruins *cough* ... I'm ashamed to say, I've been trying to open this thing for a long time...
::'''Mposo:''' *cough* ...I didn't expect someone to just... show up and settle the matter on my behalf...
::'''Mposo:''' This place hasn't seen travelers from another tribe in quite some time. So, tell me, are you here to investigate the volcano?
::{{Black Screen|You introduce yourselves to Mposo and explain that you wish to visit the volcano.}}
::'''Mposo:''' Ah, adventurers who wish to visit the volcano... *cough* I tried to go in there once and... well, *cough* it's truly a dangerous place.
::'''Mposo:''' But I imagine your desire may have something to do with your little companion here...
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Ehrr?
::'''Mposo:''' Haha, it looks like he doesn't even know it yet... There are always saurians like this, who, before reaching adulthood, are drawn to the Sacred Mountain &mdash; it's like they've heard the volcano's call.
::'''Mposo:''' However, most of them don't bring companions. It should go without saying that other saurians don't want to accompany them &mdash; after all, they never come back... *cough*
::'''Mposo:''' A saurian with a mark on its head... There was a little Tatankasaurus in the tribe like this a good many years ago. It would rarely interact with tribespeople, or even other Tatankasaurs.
::'''Mposo:''' *cough* Maybe lonely souls are easily drawn together &mdash; back then, it and I got along quite well.
::'''Mposo:''' But in the end, it, too, was drawn to the volcano... *cough* It came to see me one last time before it left. Perhaps it was hoping I would accompany it.
::'''Mposo:''' But... I didn't go.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh, why didn't you?
::'''Mposo:''' I don't know... Maybe I was scared... Maybe I didn't realize how important a friend could be...
::'''Mposo:''' Later, when they organized an exploration team, I volunteered to join... Was it guilt? Or did I want to prove myself to a friend I wasn't sure was still there...
::'''Mposo:''' In the end, I never found him. Instead, I... *cough*
::'''Mposo:''' I haven't been able to stop coughing since then. Pretty hopeless, aren't I... *cough* Can't even clear up these rocks that keep falling on the ruins.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rroo...
::'''Mposo:''' So, yeah. The volcano's a dangerous place. Do you want to go even so?
::{{DIcon}} We're sure.
::'''Mposo:''' *cough* ...Now that's an admirable look.
::'''Mposo:''' We're currently in the middle of an eruption cycle. *cough* The worse the [[Ley Line]]s get, the more frequently the volcano erupts. But ironically, this is the best time to try and get inside.
::;(Proceed to the next section)

;(If Mposo was talked to before)
:;(If ''Investigator of Ancient Ruins'' has been completed)
:::'''Mposo:''' *cough* ...Hey, the wall of light here...
:::'''Paimon:''' Uh... Seems like the seal opened after those golden patterns flew over here...
:::'''Paimon:''' We didn't break it... did we?
:::'''{{Little One}}:''' Grawr...
:::'''Paimon:''' Sh&mdash;Should we be getting ready to run?
:::'''Mposo:''' *cough* There's no need for that. *sigh* I spent years researching that wall of light, but I could never find a way to open it...
:::'''Mposo:''' It's just a shame... *cough* Everything behind it has been buried under rocks. For all we know, this was once an important route into the satellite city.
:;(If ''Investigator of Ancient Ruins'' has not been completed)
:::'''Mposo:''' *cough* ...Hey, the wall of light that was here...
:::'''Paimon:''' Huh... It seems like the golden seal opened after those golden patterns flew over here...
:::'''Paimon:''' We didn't break it... did we?
:::'''{{Little One}}:''' Roar...
:::'''Paimon:''' Sh&mdash;Should we be getting ready to run?
:::'''Mposo:''' *cough* There's no need for that. *sigh* I've spent years researching that thing &mdash; never would've thought you'd get it open like that.
:::'''Mposo:''' It's just a shame... *cough* Everything behind the light wall has been buried under rocks. For all we know, this may have once been an important route into a "satellite city."
::{{DIcon}} Satellite city...?
:::'''Mposo:''' Yes, one of the cities built around the main city to protect it...
::{{DIcon}} Isn't this place called the "excavation site"?
:::'''Mposo:''' Haha... *cough* Sure, but that wasn't always its name. That's just what the tribespeople call it these days...
::'''Mposo:''' They say it was once an ancient dragon outpost, destroyed during the war between [[Xbalanque]], the first [[Pyro Archon]], and the [[dragon]]s...
::'''Mposo:''' The members of the Saurian Relics Association all agree that these ruins were built as a satellite city to protect the main dragon city located at the center of the volcano...
:;(If ''Investigator of Ancient Ruins'' has been completed)
:::'''Mposo:''' Alright, just like I said before *cough* ...all this stuff is yours.
:::'''Mposo:''' Thank you *cough*... for helping to clear away those rocks.
:::;(Quest completes)

:;(If ''Investigator of Ancient Ruins'' has not been completed)
:::'''Paimon:''' The d&mdash;dragons built a city... inside a volcano!?
:::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrooh...
:::{{DIcon}} So, everything we saw before...
:::;(Proceed to the next section)
----
;(Continuing from the previous section)
:'''Mposo:''' *cough* Alright, since you helped me clear up those rocks, I'll tell you how to get inside.
:'''Mposo:''' During an eruption, the volcano will eject a vast amount of [[Phlogiston]] and other things... Most of which fall on the surrounding area.
:'''Mposo:''' However, some of the things it spits out float &mdash; due to the Phlogiston &mdash; remaining in the air and accumulating to form the "{{Rubi|[[Skyfire Circlet]]|Nahuatzin's Springboard|center=1}}"...
:'''Mposo:''' I'm talking about those fragmented structures that surround the volcano... You'll have to climb up above the mountain and look for your opportunity to jump inside.
:'''Paimon:''' J&mdash;Jump... inside?
:'''Mposo:''' Yes, you can only get in by passing through the crater... It's filled with Phlogiston, so you'll have to be careful...
:'''Mposo:''' It was tribespeople from the [[Flower-Feather Clan]] who guided us through... Perhaps you can make similar arrangements. But whatever you do, do not breathe anything in...
:'''Mposo:''' Otherwise... *cough*
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
;({{Cx}})
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon sees...
;({{Cx}})
::'''Paimon:''' So that's how we do it...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrrwar? Mrrroo?
:;(The earth begins to tremble)
:'''Paimon:''' It's an earthquake... Wait, no &mdash; the volcano's erupting!
:;(A cutscene plays)
:;(The volcano erupts, causing nearby wildlife to flee)
:;(A [[Spiritway]] forms, leading down to where the wall of light once was)
:'''Mposo:''' *sigh* The volcano's been erupting more often lately &mdash; a worrying sign.
:'''Mposo:''' If you want to go in there, you need to be extremely careful...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, but first, we need to find a way to get to the Skyfire Circlet, right?
:{{DIcon}} Piece of cake!
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} You can fly us up, Paimon...
::'''Paimon:''' ...If Paimon had the strength to pick you up, Paimon would drop you straight into the crater!
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Mposo:''' Haha, I wish you&mdash; *cough*
:'''Mposo:''' No, luck isn't an option. {{Traveler}}, Paimon, and {{Little One}}, you must succeed!
:;(Quest completes)
----
;(If the Spiritway was unlocked during this quest)
:'''Paimon:''' Y'know, we might be able to use the Spiritways created by the volcanic eruptions to climb up to the Skyfire Circlet...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, y'think so too? Let's give it a shot, then!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = A Brief History of Rocks
|zhs      = 碎岩及其往事
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 碎岩及其往事
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 砕岩とその歴史
|ja_rm    = Saigan to Sono Rekishi
|ja_tl    = Rocks and Their History
|ko       = 과거를 품은 바위
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El pasado de las rocas
|es_tl    = The Past of Rocks
|fr       = Le passé des roches
|fr_tl    = The Past of Rocks
|ru       = Краткая история камней
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = หินที่แตกสลายและอดีตที่ผ่านมา
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Đá Vụn Và Chuyện Xưa
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Felsbrocken und die Geschichte der Vergangenheit
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Batu yang Hancur dan Sejarahnya
|id_tl    = The Destroyed Rocks and Its History
|pt       = Breve História das Rochas
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Kayaların Kısa Tarihi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Breve storia delle rocce
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}