{{Quest Infobox
|title         = A Breakthrough in Craft
|id            = 40145
|image         = <!-- Event Quest A Breakthrough in Craft.png -->
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Alchemical Ascension
|chapter       = Alchemy and Business Operations
|act           = A Breakthrough in Craft
|actNum        = II
|actType       = None
|part          = 1
|requirement   = Complete Cycle 10
|characters    = Freda; Lisa; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Whispering Woods
|prev          = Potions Most Potent (Quest)
|next          = International Markets (Quest)
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Adventurer's Experience*2;Wanderer's Advice*4
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Breakthrough in Craft''''' is an [[Event Quest]] and the only quest in {{Quest|A Breakthrough in Craft}}.

==Steps==
# Wait until two days later
# Go back to the shop
# Talk to Lisa
# Talk to Freda

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The alchemy shop has opened, but you and Paimon are dizzyingly busy...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the shop venue)
:{{Black Screen|After a brief trial period, the potion shop opens to great success...}}
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* We just keep getting swarmed with more and more customers. It's been nonstop work for so long, Paimon's starting to feel a bit lightheaded...
:{{DIcon}} Business sure is booming...
:{{DIcon}} We've made quite the name for ourselves.
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've got a lot of orders. Paimon's not sure we can fill them all on our own.
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe we should hire some help...
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Taking a break, cuties?
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I was just looking at the sales data, and it seems like you two have quite the talent for business. The potions seem to be flying off the shelves!
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Lisa! Perfect timing! We were just talking about how we could use some help around the shop.
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh? Are the orders piling up already? Having trouble keeping up?
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, we're officially swamped! Paimon never thought we'd get this many customers...
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Well, I can't say I'm surprised by the success. I was actually anticipating this kind of response.
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' While you two were busy with the shop, I was talking with Freda about some possible ways to make the business more efficient.
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' After observing your work, I made note of several improvements we can make to the brewing, cultivation, and sales aspects of the business.
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, so you've been doing things behind the scenes this whole time!
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon kinda thought you were just slacking off...
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 lisa 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hey now, I'm actually pretty reliable when it counts!
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So how are we supposed to put those improvements in action?
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 lisa 08.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Well, I discussed things over with Freda, and the two of us came up with a plan.
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 1 lisa 09.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I'll let her give you the details, though. Why don't you go and find her?

;(Talk to Lisa, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog jyeq002b lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Have a question for me, cutie?
:{{DIcon}} About improving efficiency...
::{{A|vo dialog jyeq002b lisa 02a 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' After observing your work, I made note of several improvements we can make to the brewing, cultivation, and sales aspects of the business.
::{{A|vo dialog jyeq002b lisa 02a 2.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Freda can tell you more about implementing these upgrades.
:{{DIcon}} I have no more questions.
::{{A|vo dialog jyeq002b lisa 02b 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Well, if there's anything else you want to ask, don't hesitate to come and find me.

;(Talk to Freda)
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 2 freda 01.ogg}} '''Freda:''' {{Traveler}}! Paimon! Hello! Is there something I can help you with?
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we've been a bit swamped lately, so Lisa recommended we find some ways to increase our efficiency...
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 2 freda 02.ogg}} '''Freda:''' Ah, yes! I discussed that with her as well.
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 2 freda 03.ogg}} '''Freda:''' Currently, there are three areas you can improve &mdash; brewing, cultivation, and sales.
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 2 freda 04.ogg}} '''Freda:''' Increasing your efficiency in these areas will make it much easier to run your business.
:{{A|vo jyeq002b 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, that sounds just like what we need! Let's give it a try, {{Traveler}}!
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Upgrade}} Improve operating efficiency...
::{{A|vo jyeq002b 2 freda 05a 1.ogg}} '''Freda:''' Looks like all the preparations needed for this upgrade have been made! Please try it out.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::{{A|vo jyeq002b 2 freda 05c 1.ogg}} '''Freda:''' Best of luck with your business!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=A Breakthrough in Craft}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

[[pt-br:Um Avanço no Ofício (Missão)]]