{{stub|Missing infobox image}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12030
|image         = <!-- Story Quest A Centuries-Long Dream.png -->
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Divina Vulpes Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = The Great Narukami Offering
|description   = 
|character     = Yae Miko
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|requirement   =
|prev          = Friendship in Writing
|next          = Banquet of Parting
|exp           = 525
|mora          = 38,100
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Urakusai; Yae Miko
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''A Centuries-Long Dream''' is the third part of [[Yae Miko]]'s [[Story Quest]]: [[Divina Vulpes Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Great Narukami Offering]].

==Steps==
# Go to the summoning ritual site
# Enter the summoning site
#* Yae Miko will be available as a trial character in the one-time domain, [[Secret Summoning Chamber]].
# Collect clues concerning the summoning ritual
# Complete preparations for the summoning ritual
# Begin the summoning ritual

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The light novel is a great hit. It has successfully outshone "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits." Now, it is time to catch the spirit behind it.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the summoning ritual site and talk to Yae Miko)
:{{A|vo ymlq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko, what is this place?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 1 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The ideal spot for a little meet-and-greet with a certain elusive author. This is the place where we are most likely to succeed in summoning the spirit.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? But it feels so eerie here...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 1 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, that seems rather fitting, considering that we are dealing with the spirits of the deceased here.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 1 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' What are you so afraid of, honestly? We're finally about to meet the true author of "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits." Aren't you excited?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's heart is pounding, but Paimon's pretty sure it's not because of excitement!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 1 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hahaha. Come on, in we go.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Wait up!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *whimpering* Paimon's scared... (Traveler), stay close by, okay? Don't leave Paimon all alone...
{{Dialogue end}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|Yae Miko plans on using a summoning ritual to bring forth the author of "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits." Complete the ritual together with her.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Enter the summoning site and observe the painting)
:{{A|vo ymlq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a weird painting... Miko, do you know what it's supposed to show?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 2 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... Probably a scene from ancient Inazuma.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a good piece of artwork and all, but it's also kinda eerie... so it's a bit scary.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Looks like the artist signed their name... Umm... "Rakusai"? Hmm, it's not very clear.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 2 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Let's go inside and take a look.

;(Continue deeper into the domain and observe the weird mirror)
:{{A|vo ymlq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, this place is huge! Hey, is that... a mirror?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's a really weird-looking stool as well. Wonder what it's for?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 2 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, I see. Heh, this setup is quite handy. Saves me a lot of work.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 2 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Alright, go and take a look around. There should be a mechanism somewhere that makes the whole room move.

----
;(Complete preparations for the summoning ritual)

----
;(Begin the summoning ritual)
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, it's that painting we just saw! It's turning this way, along with the whole wall!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 26.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's getting eerier and scarier! Wh&mdash;What is this place!?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Okay. Next, I will show you a secret kitsune spell. This painting is a "swift summoning medium," which means I'll be able to skip many of the more tedious steps.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The murky mirror reflects the view of Inazuma in a bygone age. Spirits stirred by the sight of the past will be easily drawn to it.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You're up next, little one. Come on, sit yourself down here.
:{{DIcon}} Hold on, are we...
:{{DIcon}} Surely you're not planning to...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes, the whole point of a summoning ritual is for a dead person's spirit to possess a living person's body.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You saw what happened to that oni samurai's spirit. After leaving the host's body, he was only able to maintain his form for a very short time before disappearing.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are we positive that summoning a spirit to possess (Traveler) isn't gonna have any lasting negative consequences?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Aw, you really care about the little one quite a lot, don't you? Hm, I'm a little jealous. I wish my friends were caring like that.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Anyway, are you scared, little friend? Don't you worry, now, it'll be over soon. Just think of it like having a dream.
:{{DIcon}} What do I need to do?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Sit on the chair, stare at the painting, and relax your body and mind. But try and be natural, there's really no need to be nervous.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's like (Traveler)'s sitting inside the painting.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? Is Paimon seeing things? Did the painting just move!?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Recite the incantation in your heart, little one. Also, you'll need to have some intense thoughts going through your head &mdash; a wish, for example.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Now, what kind of wish do we think it would take to summon forth the author of "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits"? Anyone?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm... probably something to do with writing?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Very good! The wish needs to be heartfelt, though, so let me help add a little realism to the equation:
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' "The book is selling exceptionally well, Traveler, but we're going to need an outline for chapter four as soon as humanly possible. When is the earliest that you can turn it in by?"
:{{DIcon}} Aaaah, please, someone, anyone!
:{{DIcon}} Help me write chapter four!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The painting is moving again! What the&mdash;

:{{color|menu|The strange aura travels from within the painting onto you, and the scene before your eyes changes...}}

:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Haw-haw... I never thought the day would come when I'd be summoned using my own ritual! Getting a taste of my own medicine...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 03.ogg}} '''???:''' What have we here? Another budding writer? What's come over you all, why is everyone wishing for help with their writing? Are novels so popular in this day and age?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We got you! So, you were the one who wrote "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits"!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What are you trying to do, hmm? Why'd you put that summoning incantation in the book, huh? What's your game here?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Huh? What's this?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 05.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh, ho-ho, I see... No wonder this felt so familiar. I've walked right into your trap, haven't I.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 06.ogg}} '''???:''' You ask me what my game is here? Well of course... it was to use this incantation as a means for all the souls of the departed youkai to make their glorious return to the world and plunge all of Inazuma into a brutal, bloody war!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? Paimon knew it! You had an evil plan all along!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 07.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh, did you now? Then how naive of you to let me possess this body so easily!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 08b.ogg}} '''???:''' I sense... Yes, great power within (him/her)...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 09.ogg}} '''???:''' Good... good! With this power, no one shall be able to stand in my way!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 10.ogg}} '''???:''' Mwuhahahahahaha!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wake up, (Traveler)! Quick, wake up! We gotta stop him!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 11a.ogg}} {{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 11b.ogg}} '''???:''' It is futile... you shall never wake (him/her) again! This body now belongs to me!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Come on, wake up! Don't let him take your mind!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko! Think of something! Miko! Miko!!!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Pfff...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Bahahahaha...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 12.ogg}} '''???:''' Hahahaha...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Um...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're laughing!?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ahahahahahaha, oh, Urakusai, you haven't changed a bit. You caught on so quickly. Too perfect.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 13.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Haw-haw, well, you made the face enough times that I couldn't exactly miss the hint. This is what you were going for, yes? Never one to stand on the sidelines of a good spectacle, are you? Always got to dive in and fan the flames... Ah, you mischievous little kitsune, you...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 14.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Look what you've done to this little flying one here. Aw, poor thing's scared witless.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Pfft, you were having plenty of fun playing the bad guy a moment ago. Now you're trying blame it all on me?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Urakusai? Miko, you guys know each other?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 15.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Yes, we do! Of course we do.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, allow me to formally introduce the author of "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits," Urakusai.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 20.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' No, wait. To be more accurate, it's Urakusai's memory.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Memory? But... isn't he a spirit?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 16.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Ah, spirits, memories... they're just different words to describe the same thing. Something that comes from the Ley Lines.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 21.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Do you remember that recent incident when the rifthounds were gnawing at the Sacred Sakura's roots?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 22.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You witnessed human memories leaking from the Ley Lines, didn't you? Well, since there are human memories, of course there are going to be youkai memories, too.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 23.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' In life, youkai possess supernatural powers, and even when they are a shadow of their former selves from a bygone era, they still have the ability to control whether they are visible or not.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 24.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Typically, youkai memories survive longer in the world than those of humans.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 17.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Indeed, indeed. I was wandering around the Sacred Sakura's roots, when I suddenly heard someone yelling "Please, someone, anyone! Help me write a truly amazing novel!"
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 18.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' It piqued my curiosity, so I popped inside his body and wrote a novel for him.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's how it happened... But why did you include a summoning incantation in the novel?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 19.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Oh, little one... not to toot my own horn here, but when I was alive, I wasn't just another kitsune, no. I was a mighty and powerful Daiyouko. The memories of other youkai can't possess human bodies at will like I can.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 08.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' But with this incantation, they can go one last little joyride in the world for a couple of days. Anything they're still itching to do, they can go and get it done!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, but... but...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 25.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' She's trying to say that all the commotion this causes is likely to be a great disturbance to the humans.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 20.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Disturbance? Haw-haw, I guess you mean that we might leave them with some broken dreams after we leave, hmm? Oh, yes, and they might have a fever, or whatever.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 21.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' But you know, I actually think that the most admirable thing about human beings is the way that they go out and shape their fate with their own two hands, given that they're not born blessed with the same powers that we enjoy.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 22.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' As for those who would rather draw on external power than seek to improve themselves, it's quite right that they learn their lesson eventually.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 23.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' So when you think about it, we're actually doing the humans a big favor. Miko, you agree, don't you?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 26.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, yes, that's what I thought, too.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright then... You've finally convinced Paimon, you guys were right.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 24.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' What are you scared of, little one? Don't be deceived by her day-to-day antics. Miko is actually one of the most powerful youkai out there.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 27.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Not only that, Urakusai, but my latest work has beaten that book you wrote, "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits," to become the most popular in Inazuma.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 25.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Hmph, of course. You were never one to make extra work for yourself where you can help it, and yet you went to all these lengths to find my painting room and even took the trouble to summon me... I knew you must have some ulterior motive!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 26.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' You were always the one to pick a quarrel with me when we all used to gather around and share stories.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 27.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Alright, alright. You win, I lose. Happy now?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 28.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ha! I finally get to hear you say it, centuries later. Oh, I must say it feels good.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 28.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Mmm... I remember when you were just a little girl, always hanging off my shoulders. A few hundred years later, and you're all grown up.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 29.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Urakusai, how much time do you have left?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 29.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Not much. That goes for all of us, actually. We've all got to go back where we came from in the end.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 30.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Everyone's quite content in many ways, but they still can't help but ask: "Are we ever going to have another [[Hyakkiyakou]]?"
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 30.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, don't you worry about that, Urakusai. Arrangements are being made.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 31.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' When my bell rings, it means the moonless night is upon us.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 31.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Haw-haw, great, wonderful! Fantastic!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 32.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Miko, it's been nice catching up, but I'd better conserve my energy if I want to stick it out until then. So I'll be on my way now.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 32.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Alright. Goodbye then, Urakusai.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 33.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' One last thing, Miko... I just want to know, have you been well all these years?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 33.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I've been great, of course. Every day is a happy one.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 34.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Especially these days. Not only do I have my light novels, but I've also met these two delightfully nosy outlanders.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 35.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' And even Ei is finally starting to come to her senses. Quite a miracle, given how pig-headed she can be.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 34.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Oh, well great! That's fantastic!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 36.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Urakusai, you'd be right at home in this era.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 37.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' A great storyteller and artist like yourself would be the Yae Publishing House's ace in the hole. And I would personally be hounding you over your next installment.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 urakusai 35.ogg}} '''Urakusai:''' Hehe, hahahaha...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He disappeared...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you awake, (Traveler)? How are you feeling?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 38.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Are you all there? Here, like last time, repeat after me&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} "3, 2, 1"...
:{{DIcon}} "1, 2, 3"...
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 39.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, you beat me to it. Looks like your brain is intact.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 40.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So, your first possession, hmm? What was it like?
:{{DIcon}} I remember everything pretty clearly.
:{{DIcon}} I just couldn't get in on the conversation myself.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 41.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, good. Saves me from having to explain everything again.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 42.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hearing Urakusai admit defeat has put me in the most wonderful mood. In return, it's only fair that we make sure to deliver on what they're all hoping for.
:{{DIcon}} You mean the "moonless night"?
:{{DIcon}} They want to do a "Hyakkiyakou"?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 43.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes. Though they only represent a tiny proportion of the memories in the Ley Lines, it will still be quite a sight to behold when the time comes.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 44.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Since you've come this far, why don't you do one last thing for me, hmm? I'll need your help with the ritual.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You cannot be serious, Miko! After all that, you still have more errands for us?
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, you guys teamed up to scare Paimon just now. If you think Paimon's gonna do anything you ask for, think again!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 yaemiko 45.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Aw, come on, I'm really only asking you to finish what you started. Besides... your paychecks are still in my hands. Heh, heh, heh.
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's paycheck!
:{{DIcon}} My paycheck!!!
:{{A|vo ymlq003 3 paimon 25.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, well there's no way out now... We're in too deep.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Centuries-Long Dream
|zhs     = 百年一梦
|zhs_rm  = Bǎinián Yímèng
|zht     = 百年一夢
|zht_rm  = Bǎinián Yímèng
|zh_tl   = A Dream in a Hundred Years
|ja      = 百年一夢
|ja_rm   = Hyakunen Ichimu
|ja_tl   = Hundred Years, One Dream
|ko      = {{tt|백년일몽|百年一夢}}
|ko_rm   = Baeknyeon'ilmong
|ko_tl   = Transience of Life
|es      = Un sueño centenario
|es_tl   = A Centennial Dream
|fr      = Le rêve de plusieurs siècles
|fr_tl   = The Many Centuries-Long Dream
|ru      = Вековая мечта
|ru_tl   = A Centuries-Old Fantasy
|th      = ความฝันหนึ่งศตวรรษ
|th_rm   = Khwamfan Nueng Satawat
|th_tl   = A Century-Long Dream
|vi      = {{tt|Bách Niên|百年}} {{tt|Như|如}} {{tt|Mộng|夢}}
|vi_tl   = Hundred Years Like a Dream
|de      = Ein jahrhundertelanger Traum
|de_tl   = A Centuries-Long Dream
|id      = Mimpi Berabad-abad
|id_tl   = Centuries-Long Dream
|pt      = Sonho Centenário
|pt_tl   = Centenary Dream
}}

==Change History ==
{{Change History|2.5}}