{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19157
|image         = Hangout Event A Change of Pace.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Layla
|actNum        = I
|act           = Ever Silent Stars
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Drowsy Evening Star
|next          = The Helper
|next2         = Fresh Air
|characters    = Layla; Munirah; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Change of Pace''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Ever Silent Stars}}.

==Steps==
# Go to Puspa Café
# Talk to Layla

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Quest Description|Instead of placing your bet on a sketchy legend, catching up on some rest seems like the better option for Layla right now.}}

===A Change of Pace===
;(Upon Arriving Puspa Café)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Let's sit down here and have some coffee and sweets. It'll help me put my thoughts together.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ah no, we're here to rest... My problems will have to wait for now.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 munirah 01.ogg}} '''Munirah:''' Oh, hey Layla!
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Huh...
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, but who are you?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 munirah 02.ogg}} '''Munirah:''' I'm one of Layla's classmates. I just came by to say hi.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 munirah 03.ogg}} '''Munirah:''' We just submitted our theses, and we're totally beat. Everyone will be meeting here to celebrate.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 munirah 04.ogg}} '''Munirah:''' Seeing how relaxed you look, you must've already had your thesis finished ages ago.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, no I... I'm actually having a lot of trouble with it...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 munirah 05.ogg}} '''Munirah:''' You say that every time we talk, but you've never missed a deadline. Not only that, your papers are always well-written and thorough. Your adviser is constantly praising your work.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 munirah 06.ogg}} '''Munirah:''' Yet you're always going around saying stuff like, "I can't make it, I don't understand, I'm super worried..." That kind of talk doesn't reflect your work at all, you know.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Well, uh I...
:{{DIcon}} What are you getting at?
:{{DIcon}} Why are you so hostile towards Layla?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 munirah 07.ogg}} '''Munirah:''' For starters, she doesn't even try to participate with the group at all. It's one thing that she's not willing to help us, but she doesn't even bother showing up for our discussion meetings.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 munirah 08.ogg}} '''Munirah:''' Every time we come to see her, she looks out of sorts and on the verge of a breakdown.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 munirah 09.ogg}} '''Munirah:''' It's not like we can't finish our own theses without her, but no one wants to always see her this way.
;(Stress Value +1)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ugh, I know, I know... sorry.
:{{DIcon}} Everyone is entitled to their own choices. You should learn to respect that.
:{{DIcon}} Just because Layla breaks the mold doesn't mean it's a problem.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 munirah 10.ogg}} '''Munirah:''' Whatever. There's no point in starting an argument here.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 munirah 11.ogg}} '''Munirah:''' If you think she can justify her behavior, then that's your opinion. Hmph.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Thanks for standing up for me.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I really want to help the others, but most of the time I'm barely scraping by myself... There's very little I can help with...
:{{DIcon}} Is it because you don't want others to know about the "blessing from the stars"?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Yeah. I can't ever tell my classmates about that. I'd be a mess if they ever reported it to my adviser...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's really just a big misunderstanding, and there's nothing I can do about it... Everyone just gives me weird looks and judges me... It's making it really difficult to find friends.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's actually pretty rare for someone to actively engage in a conversation with me like you do.
:{{DIcon}} I think I understand your situation now.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Huh, what do you mean?
:{{DIcon}} You think that the blessing from the stars is some external power that's out of your control.
:{{DIcon}} Only by improving yourself and no longer relying on an external power can you break out of the vicious cycle.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *sigh* ...Yeah, that's exactly it. Seems you know just as well as I do.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' The thing is, I'm terrible under pressure, that's just my nature. Even the thought of everyone's expectations back home is enough to make me feel nervous...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 15.ogg}} '''Layla:''' And the more nervous I get, the worse things become around me. Take what Munirah just said for example... I don't think I'll be able to get it out of my mind for the entire day... That means I won't be able to relax at all today...
:{{Hangout Branch|Why don't we try facing the problem head-on?|The Helper}}
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 16.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Face it head-on? Wh&mdash;What should I do? Do you really think I can...?
::{{DIcon}} It's simple, just break down the unfinished parts of the thesis into different tasks and tackle them one by one.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 17.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh... okay... I've got a pen and paper with me. Let me go through them real quick.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 18.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 19.ogg}} '''Layla:''' The theory sections are pretty much finished. I'll be able to finish organizing the rest on my own.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 20.ogg}} '''Layla:''' As of now, I'm missing crucial observation data. I need the results of an observation to validate the conclusion of my thesis...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 21.ogg}} '''Layla:''' And then there's the preparation for my thesis defense... I'll need to mentally prepare.
::{{DIcon}} Those don't sound too difficult. I can help you.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 22.ogg}} '''Layla:''' What? You want to help me with my thesis?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 23.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Uh, thank you... thank you so much. I don't even know how to show you my gratitude.
::{{DIcon}} Don't worry about it. We've already come this far.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 24.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You're so kind. I had no idea I'd meet someone so nice in Sumeru City.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 25.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay, I'll do my best! It's the least I can do considering everything you've already done for me.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 26.ogg}} '''Layla:''' First on the list is the experiment to get observational data. I actually had it all planned out several days ago and even borrowed a celestial globe from a Mahamata.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 27.ogg}} '''Layla:''' However, the weather was rainy every single day after I borrowed it, and I was unable to compare the night sky against the celestial globe.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 28.ogg}} '''Layla:''' There were a lot of people waiting to borrow the celestial globe, and I wasn't able to extend my time slot. So I returned it and haven't been able to borrow it again since.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 29.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That's why I still haven't performed the necessary observations yet. I don't know what to do.
::{{DIcon}} So you're lacking some equipment...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 30.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That's right. The celestial globe is a high precision device used specifically for researching the stars. Submitting an application to borrow one from the Akademiya is pretty much the only way for me to get my hands on one.
::{{DIcon}} Looks like we're gonna have to ask around at the Adventurers' Guild.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 31.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Huh? Why the Adventurers' Guild?
::{{DIcon}} Because no one has a network like Katheryne does.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 32.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, I see. The Adventurers' Guild is open to everyone's commissions, so she might have some ideas.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 33.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay, let's go and try our luck.
:;(Proceed to [[The Helper]])
:{{Hangout Branch|Sounds like we need to find a way for you to completely relax.|Fresh Air}}
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 34.ogg}} '''Layla:''' C&mdash;Completely relax? But we're at a cafe, is this not relaxing enough...?
::{{DIcon}} You're taking your studies too seriously.
::{{DIcon}} Academics are only one part of life.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 35.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I know, I know, but...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 36.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *sigh* Alright, no more buts... My life is a mess because of the decisions I've made for myself. I should listen to your advice this time.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 37.ogg}} '''Layla:''' How do I completely relax?
::{{DIcon}} Since you're from the countryside, why don't we leave Sumeru City and go sightseeing?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 38.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Sightseeing... Hmm, that does sound pretty nice. I haven't set foot outside the Akademiya in quite a while.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 39.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I used to enjoy visiting the rainforest... but it's been a while since I've been there. Maybe a lot has changed...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915702 layla 40.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay, why don't we go there and take a look?
:;(Proceed to [[Fresh Air]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = A Change of Pace
|zhs      = 状态调整
|zhs_rm   = Zhuàngtài Tiáozhěng
|zht      = 狀態調整
|zht_rm   = Zhuàngtài Tiáozhěng
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 状態調整
|ja_rm    = Joutai Chousei
|ja_tl    = Condition Adjustment
|ko       = 컨디션 조절
|ko_tl    = Condition Adjustment
|es       = Una Laila como nueva
|es_tl    = A Brand-New Layla
|fr       = Un changement de rythme
|fr_tl    = A Change of Pace
|ru       = Смена темпа
|ru_tl    = A Change of Pace
|th       = ปรับเปลี่ยนตัวเอง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Điều Chỉnh Trạng Thái
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Eine Abwechslung
|de_tl    = A Diversion
|id       = Pergantian Suasana
|id_tl    = Change of Atmosphere
|pt       = Uma Mudança de Ritmo
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Arada Sırada Değişiklik İyidir
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Cambio di ritmo
|it_tl    = Change of Rhythm
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}