{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 10110
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Carmen Dei Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land
|character     = Venti
|description   = At the feet of the Anemo Archon Statue in the plaza in front of Mondstadt Cathedral, you and Paimon discover a little girl playing with her imaginary friend...
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|requirement   = Complete [[True Treasure]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 36, and spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|next          = The South Wind Brings Adventure
|exp           = 350
|mora          = 22,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Diluc; Ellin; Flora; Hardworking Silio; Kaeya; Nora; Paimon; Reckless Pallad; Timmie; Traveler; Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''A Child's Secret''' is the first part of [[Venti]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Carmen Dei Chapter]]: Act I -  [[Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land]].

==Steps==
#Head to a certain spot in the [[Anemo God Statue Plaza]]
#Check in with [[Flora]]
#Go see [[Timmie]]
#Drop in on the adults in the tavern
#See how [[Ellin]] is doing
#[[Ellin, the Wannabe Knight|Destroy all the training dummies]]
#Talk to Ellin

==Notes==
*The section that requires the player to "Destroy all the training dummies" is similar to how the commission [[Ellin, the Wannabe Knight]] works, except there are 3 dummies instead of 5/6 dummies. This is probably why the commission has voice lines: the voice lines were recorded for this story.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, (Traveler)... look over there!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's... all by herself, right?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Because she's acting as if she's talking and laughing with somebody else... Uhhh! Paimon's creeped out...
:{{DIcon}} I had an imaginary friend too when I was a kid.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? You mean you used to act like that too, (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... so is this... an invisible friend who hangs out with you sometimes? Or... do they just exist in your imagination?
:{{DIcon}} "Imaginary" means "in your imagination."
::{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 06a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Imaginary... imagination...
:{{DIcon}} "In your imagination" means "imaginary."
::{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 06b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Imagination... imaginary...
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Oh, you must mean "imagined friend," right? Why didn't you just say so!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, this "imaginary friend" of yours... When does Paimon get to meet them?
:{{DIcon}} We, uh, don't hang out anymore.
:{{DIcon}} They're... invisible now.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seriously? So imaginary friends just... disappear when you grow up?
:{{DIcon}} Exactly, yes.
:{{DIcon}} Tragically, yes.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 10a.ogg}} {{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 10b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Paimon was looking forward to meeting yours... Hey, don't suppose your (brother/sister) has an imaginary friend, too?
:{{DIcon}} Sure they do.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way! You guys are so lucky...
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Because they have this game in Liyue &mdash; have you heard of it? It's a four player game, but it seems you guys could play it with just the two of you!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Traveler! Fancy meeting you here.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tone-Deaf Bard! What are you doing here!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, I'm here because [[Lisa]] has been making some exciting new contraptions.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why does the thought of Lisa's contraptions make Paimon so nervous...
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Come now, that's no way to speak about the elegant Miss Lisa!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' For this particular contraption, Lisa had to import some dangerous materials from [[Sumeru]].
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' D&mdash;Dangerous!?
:{{DIcon}} A monocle equipped with some sort of... detector?
::{{A|vo wdlq001 1 venti 05a.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That's right! Looks like a monocle, but actually it's called a nirnama detector.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like a regular monocle to me.
::{{A|vo wdlq001 1 venti 05b.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I know, right? Apparently, though, it's called a nirnama detector.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Sadly, Lisa isn't able to use it herself, so I'm borrowing it for a while. ...And also, I'm testing it out for her, to see if it actually works.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why can't Lisa use it?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm... Perhaps it's because she lacks a certain childlike sense of wonder? Or maybe there's some other reason for it.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' If you want to know for sure, just ask her yourself sometime.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you can see them? Go on, tell us &mdash; what does this imaginary friend look like?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha... That would be telling.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Anyway, it's all yours now, Traveler. Take a look, see if you can see Nora's imaginary friend.
:;(While using the monocle you see her imaginary friend)
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you see 'em? Do you see 'em?
:{{DIcon}} Wow, it really works!
:{{DIcon}} Yeah! Seems like they're best friends.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So, it does work for you too...
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon wants to see~! ...Wait, but this gizmo isn't in Paimon's size.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright then, you'll have to be Paimon's eyes on the ground, Traveler! Let's go see what {{Color|buzzword|everyone's}} imaginary friends look like.
----
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Color|buzzword|Flora}} from the flower shop always seems kinda... floaty-headed. You know?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 1 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon bets she has an imaginary friend.

;(Talk to Nora)
:{{A|vo dialog wdlq001 nora 01.ogg}} '''Nora:''' It's so big and pretty.
:{{A|vo dialog wdlq001 nora 02.ogg}} '''Nora:''' I really wanna go up there with my friend...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Visit Flora===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon approaching Flora, you see the imaginary plant through the monocle)
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' There it is. Behold, a floaty imaginary friend for floaty-headed Flora: A [[Bloatty Floatty]]!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, imaginary friends can be plants now!?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 01.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Hehehe, hi Traveler, hi Bard.
:{{DIcon}} Hi Flora. Can I ask a question?
:{{DIcon}} Hi. Have you got a minute?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 02.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Sure. How can I help?
:{{DIcon}} Who's your... friend?
::{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 03a 1.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Hmm? Oh, you mean Mr. Floatty? Most people can't see him.
::{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 03a 2.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Mr. Floatty is my bestest friend. We grew up together!
:{{DIcon}} Are you two family, or...?
::{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 03b 1.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Hehehe, you mean me and Mr. Floatty?
::{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 03b 2.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Mr. Floatty is my bestest friend. We live together.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 04.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Say hello, Mr. Floatty! They can see you.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (*grumble* No fair! Paimon hates feeling left out...)
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Flora... Why exactly are you friends with a Bloatty Floatty?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 05.ogg}} '''Flora:''' What's wrong with it? I always wanted to be friends with a plant who could fly.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Friends with a flying plant? Why?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 06.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Hehehe, because then when it's windy you and your friend can fly off into the sky together! You gotta admit that's pretty cool.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Isn't that called being blown away?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 07.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Hehehe, that's what some people like to call it.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 08.ogg}} '''Flora:''' I only found out this plant existed from an explorer who told me stories of his adventures.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 09.ogg}} '''Flora:''' I think his name was... [[Stanley]]!
:{{DIcon}} Oh, I know Stanley.
:{{DIcon}} Not someone I know.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 10.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Stanley's an adventurer.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 11.ogg}} '''Flora:''' And you can tell he's an expert at it from the stories he tells! Hehehe.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 12.ogg}} '''Flora:''' "The amazing adventures of Stanley" are super famous in Mondstadt!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 flora 13.ogg}} '''Flora:''' He's in the city at the moment. You should go ask him to tell you some of his stories.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That sounds like a fun idea for next time! But right now we have other things to attend to...
----
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Flora's a pretty mysterious kid.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Which child shall we interrogate next?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's thinking... Ooh, how about that {{Color|buzzword|little guy on the bridge}}?

;(Talk to Flora again)
:{{A|vo dialog wdlq001 flora 01.ogg}} '''Flora:''' Come on Mr. Floatty, let's water the flowers!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Visit Timmie===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon approaching Timmie, you see an imaginary [[Ruin Guard]] through the monocle)
:{{A|vo wdlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' N&mdash;no way!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 3 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well. That... is unexpected.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Timmie's imaginary friend is a R&mdash;Ruin Guard!?
:{{DIcon}} Am I... seeing things...?
:{{DIcon}} I've heard of "guardian angels," but come on...
:{{A|vo wdlq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's freaking out right now... That thing is sure to attack us!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 3 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha... What say you we postpone our conversation with Timmie for the time being?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, it's time to say the line.
:{{DIcon}} That line you love to say so much.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Paimon has a favorite line?
:{{DIcon}} The one about exploring the area ahead of us later.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seriously? Oh, alright then...
:{{A|vo wdlq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How about we explore the area ahead of us later?
----
;(After the cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo wdlq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Children are more open-minded... is that why they can think up all kinds of imaginary friends?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 3 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Fitting, isn't it? That the City of Freedom should be home to children with such boundless powers of imagination.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What about adults' imagination? Let's ask some adults at the {{Color|buzzword|tavern}}!

;(Talk to Timmie)
:{{A|vo dialog wdlq001 timmie 01.ogg}} '''Timmie:''' If anyone tries to shoot my pigeons, I'll get my friend on 'em! Piew-piew! Boom-boom! Bang!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Visit Angel's Share===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Behind Angel's Share, you find [[Diluc]], [[Kaeya]], [[Hardworking Silio]], and [[Reckless Pallad]] sitting together)
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The thing about wine is, you have to drink it at the tavern or you miss out on half the fun.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Seems to me you'd find some way of keeping yourself amused even if you drank alone.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha, if I didn't know any better, I would say you're being deliberately uncivil.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Just... drink responsibly on my premises, okay?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh? And if I did have one too many, what then? You'd throw me out along with the trash, is that it?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' "Throw you out"?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You know... the same way you threw out [[Crepus|Father]]'s legacy? You sold off his mansion – or maybe you've forgotten?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I see no reason to cling to things that have outlived their purpose.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Is that so? Then I trust you were most swift indeed to part with a certain vase?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Sorry, I have no recollection.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 recklesspallad 01.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' That's odd. Master Diluc, I'm sure I saw such [[Dawn Winery Manor#Strange Vase|a vase in your home]] &mdash; a beautiful one, unmistakable, in fact...
:;(While using the monocle, you don't see any imaginary friends)
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems our suspicions were right... Grown-ups don't appear to have imaginary friends.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Like I said &mdash; a lack of childlike wonder.
:{{DIcon}} Seems adults are the same everywhere.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So people just stop dreaming when they grow up? Okay, well, Paimon for one never wants to grow up!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm... This raises an interesting question: At what age, exactly, do people's imaginary friends disappear?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Let's... go and check.
----
;(After cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm... How about {{Color|buzzword|Ellin}}? Someone of her age surely must have some imagination left, don't you think?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh... Somehow, Paimon finds the idea of not being able to see Ellin's imaginary friend kinda scary...

;(Talk to Diluc)
:{{A|vo dialog wdlq001 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' So, let me get this straight. You have a device with which you were trying to see if I have an imaginary friend?
:{{A|vo dialog wdlq001 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' You're wasting your time. And to be clear, fifteen years earlier you still would have been wasting your time.

;(Talk to Kaeya)
:{{A|vo dialog wdlq001 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Imaginary friends? Wow. What a fascinating thing to investigate!
:{{A|vo dialog wdlq001 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I would love to join you, really... but I'm already several drinks in. Hahaha...

;(Talk to Hardworking Silio)
:{{A|vo dialog wdlq001 hardworkingsilio 01.ogg}} '''Hardworking Silio:''' One more, please. Ah, I'm feeling better already.
:{{A|vo dialog wdlq001 hardworkingsilio 02.ogg}} '''Hardworking Silio:''' Hmm... If I could have an imaginary friend, it'd probably be a beer mug.

;(Talk to Reckless Pallad)
:{{A|vo dialog wdlq001 recklesspallad 01.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' Me? No, I don't imagine any friends. Too busy imagining epic adventures!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Visit Ellin===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon approaching Ellin, you see an imaginary Jean through the monocle)
:{{A|vo wdlq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Jean! What is Jean doing here?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is Master Jean Ellin's imaginary friend?
:{{DIcon}} Ellin is a conscientious child.
::{{A|vo wdlq001 5 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So she's so determined to become a knight that she... Okay, that's kinda weird.
:{{DIcon}} Ellin is really determined to become a knight.
::{{A|vo wdlq001 5 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, she's so conscientious it's... terrifying!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 5 ellin 01.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Hmm? Oh, hello. What are you guys doing?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you always training here?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 5 ellin 02.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' You bet. Today, I heard Stanley talking about his adventures. It was incredible! It got me really pumped up.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 5 ellin 03.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' I hope I can be as outstanding as him one day.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 5 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So that you can fight shoulder to shoulder with Master Jean?
:{{A|vo wdlq001 5 ellin 04.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' I&mdash;I mean, obviously I want to become a knight! ...And if I got to go on an adventure with Jean herself... Well, even better!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems Ellin reeeally looks up to Jean.
:{{DIcon}} There's nothing wrong with that.
:{{DIcon}} I believe you'll succeed, Ellin.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 5 ellin 05.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Thanks!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 5 ellin 06.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' I was thinking, it's not every day I get to hang out with the Honorary Knight... Would you join me for some {{Color|buzzword|sword training}}?

;(Help Ellin with training)
:{{A|vo wdlq001 6 ellin 01.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' How can I smash all these training dummies at once?
;(If all dummies destroyed within the time limit)
::{{A|vo wdlq001 6 ellin 03.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Huh, so THAT's how you do it. I'm impressed!
;(If not)
::{{A|vo wdlq001 6 ellin 02.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Shame, didn't manage to smash them all in time. Well, if at first you don't succeed...
:;(The dummies respawn)

;(After the training)
:{{A|vo wdlq001 7 ellin 01.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Whew! Thank you. It's clear I still have a long way to go in my training.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 7 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So modest! I for one think you're quite the pro at this already.
:{{A|vo wdlq001 7 ellin 02.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Well, I'm exhausted from training, so clearly my fitness needs some work. One day, though... I'll smash all the training dummies in Mondstadt...
:{{A|vo wdlq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ellin, Ellin, she's our girl! If she can't do it... um, hilichurl!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 7 ellin 03.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Thanks... Shoot, I got so caught up here I forgot there's something I was supposed to do today!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 7 ellin 04.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Ugh... But I'm so sore from training, I can hardly move...
:{{A|vo wdlq001 7 ellin 05.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Honorary Knight, could you deliver a message to [[Jack]] for me?
:{{DIcon}} Who's Jack?
::{{A|vo wdlq001 7 ellin 06a 1.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' He's a friend of mine. Recently started as an adventurer.
::{{A|vo wdlq001 7 ellin 06a 2.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' We were gonna meet up tonight and discuss adventure plans... Could you let him know it'll have to be another day?
::{{A|vo wdlq001 7 ellin 06a 3.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' If I'm not mistaken, you should find him at the {{Color|buzzword|Temple of the Lion}}. He's adventuring with Stanley today.
::{{A|vo wdlq001 7 ellin 06a 4.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Stanley's a truly legendary adventurer, renowned in all of Mondstadt. He once set foot in the [[Mare Jivari]].
:{{DIcon}} Sure. Where can I find him?
::{{A|vo wdlq001 7 ellin 06b 1.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' He's gone adventuring at the {{Color|buzzword|Temple of the Lion}} with Stanley today.
::{{A|vo wdlq001 7 ellin 06b 2.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Stanley's a truly legendary adventurer, renowned in all of Mondstadt. He once set foot in the Mare Jivari.
::{{A|vo wdlq001 7 ellin 06b 3.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' We were gonna meet up tonight and discuss adventure plans... Could you let him know it'll have to be another day?
:{{DIcon}} Temple of the Lion? Sure, I miss that place!
:{{A|vo wdlq001 7 ellin 07.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Great! Thank you so much.

;(Talk to Ellin again)
:{{A|vo dialog wdlq001 ellin 02.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Thanks for agreeing to help me out.
:{{A|vo dialog wdlq001 ellin 03.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Jack's at the {{Color|buzzword|Temple of the Lion}}. Don't forget...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Unsorted===
* {{A|vo dialog wdlq001 ellin 01.ogg}} '''Ellin:''' Thanks for agreeing to train with me. Now, show me how it's done!
* {{A|vo wdlq001 1 nora 01.ogg}} '''Nora:''' Guess what? Clouds can swim!
* {{A|vo wdlq001 1 nora 02.ogg}} '''Nora:''' A big huge cloud can swim just like a little goldfish!
* {{A|vo wdlq001 1 nora 03.ogg}} '''Nora:''' Let's climb up onto the statue's hands to get a better view!

==Trivia==
* {{Lang|"Nirnama"|sa=निर्नाम}} is a term which among other possibilities can be interpreted as "the course of time", referring in this case to those who have grown up too much for any imaginary friends.
* Differences between voice lines and their official transcription:
** When Reckless Pallad says "That's odd, because Master Diluc definitely has a vase at home – a beautiful one, unmistakable, in fact..." his voice line says "That's odd. Mister Diluc, I'm sure I saw such a vase in your home – a beautiful one, unmistakable, in fact..."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Child's Secret
|zhs     = 童心的隐秘
|zhs_rm  = Tóngxīn de Yǐnmì
|zht     = 童心的隱秘
|zht_rm  = Tóngxīn de Yǐnmì
|zh_tl   = Hidden Secret of a Childlike Heart
|ja      = 子供心の秘密
|ja_rm   = Kodomogokoro no Himitsu
|ja_tl   = Secret of a Childlike Mind
|ko      = 동심의 비밀
|ko_rm   = Dongsim-ui Bimil
|ko_tl   = Secret of Childlike
|es      = Secreto de la infancia
|es_tl   = Childhood Secret
|fr      = Innocence cachée
|fr_tl   = Hidden Innocence
|ru      = Потаённая невиновность
|ru_tl   = Hidden Innocence
|th      = ความลับของความไร้เดียงสา
|th_rm   = Khwamlap khong Khwam Rai Diangsa
|th_tl   = Secrets of Innocence
|vi      = Bí Mật Trẻ Thơ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geheimnisse eines Kindes
|de_tl   = A Child's Secrets
|id      = Kepolosan yang Tersembunyi
|id_tl   = Hidden Innocence
|pt      = O Segredo de Uma Criança
|pt_tl   = A Child's Secret
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}