{{Act Infobox
|image          = Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze
|actNum         = II
|actType        = Part
|prev           = The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices
|next           = The Glede Returns to the Pavilion
}}
'''A Cloud-Sea Appeal, a Brilliance Revealed''' is the second part of the [[Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze]] event.

==Quests==
* [[A Cloud-Sea Appeal, a Brilliance Revealed (Quest)|A Cloud-Sea Appeal, a Brilliance Revealed]]

==Summary==
;A Cloud-Sea Appeal, a Brilliance Revealed

Two days later, the Traveler meets up with Gaming at Xinyue Kiosk, where Gaming orders a large amount of dim sum for the three to enjoy. Gaming tells them that he normally doesn't eat lunch after having dim sum, while Paimon is surprised that he's rich enough to order lots of food. She compares him to [[Xingqiu]], believing both come from rich families. Upon hearing this, Gaming becomes more solemn, explaining that he isn't rich at all - his father is the owner of a simple tea business that could not compete against the [[Feiyun Commerce Guild]], and he did not want to follow in his footsteps. Paimon then asks what his dream was, and Gaming tells her that he wants to be a Wushou dancer. Despite the hurdles he's facing, Gaming is determined to see his dream become true. As his father believes otherwise, they were nearly close to a fistfight, and ever since then, he has not returned home, instead working as a guard to make ends meet for now.

As they finish up the dim sum, Gaming offers to find something to do for the afternoon, prompting Paimon to tell him that they were going to Mt. Aocang for Xianyun's kite-making workshop. Gaming is aware Xianyun is Cloud Retainer and becomes surprised to hear that the luminescent dyes she ordered were for kite-making. He agrees to go with them, as he has to reformulate the dyes.

When they arrive at Mt. Aocang, they find Xianyun's disciples. Ganyu, having been handling overtime, quickly falls asleep, prompting Shenhe to forcefully wake her up by applying a minty-smelling liquid on her horns. Xianyun then arrives with the materials and starts up the session, placing the group in pairs of their choosing. After making their own kite, a mechanical kite suddenly intrudes the peace of Mt. Aocang. Xianyun, angered by the intrusion, reverts to her illuminated form and heads out to find where the source came from. The Traveler and Paimon follow after her per Ganyu's request. The culprits are soon revealed to be Mountain Shaper and Moon Carver, and they fail to convince Xianyun that they were simply passing around. They do not reveal their identity to her out of fear, only for Paimon to blurt out their true identities. Xianyun is not upset at the pair, as she wanted to see how far they would go to cover up their act. The two admit to her that they were in a festive spirit and bought a kite, as they could never make one like she could.

Returning to Mt. Aocang, the Traveler and Paimon are surprised to find most of the others gone. Ganyu reveals that Gaming offered to take Shuyu and Yaoyao back to the city after the girls tired themselves out from playing, while Shenhe tells them that she heard Gaming remark about kites and the ground, noting that he was also dejected when he said it. Xianyun then arrives and has her disciples follow her into her adobe to help prepare for a meal, while the Traveler waits outside. Ganyu and Shenhe come out with new outfits, which Xianyun had commissioned from a tailor in Liyue Harbor. As they share a meal, the Traveler and Paimon talk about Gaming's problems, which Xianyun was not aware of. Once she learns of the entire ordeal between him and his father, she resolves to help him, not wanting the problem to linger especially during Lantern Rite, and starts formulating a plan.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Cloud-Sea Appeal, a Brilliance Revealed
|zhs     = 描露摹晖，诉愿云海
|zhs_rm  = Miáo Lù Mó Huī, Sùyuàn Yúnhǎi
|zht     = 描露摹暉，訴願雲海
|zht_rm  = Miáo Lù Mó Huī, Sùyuàn Yúnhǎi
|zh_tl   = Tracing Dew and Sunlight, Appealing to the Sea of Clouds
|ja      = 風光を描き、雲海に願いを
|ja_rm   = Fuukou wo Egaki, Unkai ni Negai wo
|ja_tl   = Depicting Scenic Beauty, Appealing to the Sea of Clouds
|ko      = 빛과 이슬을 담아 구름에 비는 소원
|ko_tl   = A Wish to the Clouds with Light and Dew
|es      = Fulgor en un mar de nubes
|es_tl   = Brilliance in a Sea of Clouds
|fr      = Brillance révélée ; mer de nuages appelée
|fr_tl   = Brilliance Revealed; Cloud-Sea Called
|ru      = Притягательность заоблачных высот и раскрывшееся великолепие
|ru_tl   = Appeal of Sky-High Heights and a Splendor Revealed
|th      = เมฆาบรรจบเหนือทะเล ส่องประกายทิวาโชติช่วง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tô Vẽ Màu Sắc, Biển Mây Thỉnh Cầu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Wolken Bild im Taue, der Himmel nie vergraue
|de_tl   = The Clouds' Image in the Dew, the Sky Never Turns Gray
|id      = Lautan Awan Tersingkap, Keagungan Terkuak
|id_tl   = The Sea of Clouds Opens, the Glory Revealed
|pt      = Um Encanto no Mar de Nuvens, um Esplendor Revelado
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Buluşur Bulutlar Denizle, İhtişamın Doğduğu Yerde
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un richiamo dal mare di nuvole, la rivelazione della meraviglia
|it_tl   = A Call From the Sea of Clouds, the Revelation of Wonder
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

[[pt-br:Um Encanto no Mar de Nuvens, um Esplendor Revelado]]