{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74509
|image         = Event Quest A Clash Between the First and the Latest! & A Not-So-Distant Farewell.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta
|requirement   = Complete the stage [[Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta#Great Boar King! Freezing Impact!|Great Boar King! Freezing Impact!]].
|characters    = Haniyyah; Paimon; Souka; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Quartier Lyonnais]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Quartier Lyonnais
|prev          = Fungi Are Not Tidalga!
|next          = A Not-So-Distant Farewell
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''A Clash Between the First and the Latest!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the two people at the stall
# Wait till 6:00 &ndash; 12:00 the next day

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Souka, an old friend, returns to Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta, and proposes a match between you and Haniyyah...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Haniyyah)
:{{Black Screen|After a while, you and Paimon arrive at the Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta booth...}}
:'''Souka:''' Oh, the Twin Stars of Brilliant Valor! Are you back for more of Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta?
:'''Souka:''' Ms. Enghiene received orders to return to the Maison Gardiennage, so I'll be playing against you for now!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, Souka! You're back!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon was pretty surprised when we met Haniyyah, but you've taken it to the next level! Your outfit is so... Well, you sure are enthusiastic!
:'''Souka:''' And that's a good thing, because I have a lot of work... I need to stay motivated.
:'''Souka:''' And that's why I'll cut my problems down, one clean axe-swing at a time!
:{{DIcon}} How are things at the newspaper?
:{{DIcon}} How are the advertisements coming along?
:'''Souka:''' Our plan is progressing steadily. Novel events like these attract a lot of attention, and the paper won't miss any promotion opportunities!
:'''Souka:''' We didn't get the most important page, but it's clear that the event's becoming more popular.
:'''Haniyyah:''' That's right. We've seen an increase in ordinary citizens who wanted to give our game a try recently.
:'''Haniyyah:''' Many have been talking about what's the best Fungi team with which to win a round quickly.
:'''Haniyyah:''' I've also heard that people have been looking to play against you two, so they can see how the experts play.
:{{DIcon}} We'd like to keep a low profile.
:{{DIcon}} Alas, so many people, and such hurry to lose...
:'''Paimon:''' Unless the two of you play against us, of course. You know our strategies very well already...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks a match between you and us... will be a real test of technique!
:'''Souka:''' Well, you're here now, so why don't we play a friendly round?
:'''Souka:''' Come to think of it, the last time we went head-to-head with you was during the first Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament, where you beat me most soundly.
:'''Souka:''' How nostalgic. After that, Haniyyah and I went through a lot together, and many things changed. I bet it was the same with you.
:'''Souka:''' But your... seasoned courage and fearless aura are still as unwavering and sturdy as crystal.
:'''Souka:''' That alone was enough for us to decide that we'd follow you, back when we were preparing Fungus Mechanicus. I think we made the right choice!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, why are you reminiscing all of a sudden? Is it something that writers do?
:{{DIcon}} I miss those times, too.
:{{DIcon}} We can make new memories together.
:'''Souka:''' Yes! What an incredible line!
:'''Souka:''' Anyway, as one of the designers of the game, I've got an ace up my sleeve!
:'''Haniyyah:''' Are you talking about "that," Souka?
:'''Souka:''' That's right. I'll get started, and then Haniyyah will control powerful opponents against you. It should make for an exciting match!
:'''Haniyyah:''' Let's do this, Golden Comet, Silver Companion!
:{{DIcon}} Alright!
:{{DIcon}} It's on!
:'''Paimon:''' After all this time, you're going up against Haniyyah again... Ooh, this is so exciting!
:'''Paimon:''' But this is a friendly match, so let's just have fun!
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Clash Between the First and the Latest!
|zhs     = 最初与最新的对决！
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 最初與最新的對決！
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 最初と最新の対決！
|ja_rm   = Saisho to Saishin no Taketsu!
|ja_tl   = A Clash Between the First and the Latest!
|ko      = 최초와 최신의 대결!
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = Duel Between the First and the Latest!
|es      = La revancha
|es_tl   = The Rematch
|fr      = Duel entre le premier et le dernier !
|fr_tl   = Duel Between the First and the Latest!
|ru      = Противостояние традиций и инноваций!
|ru_tl   = Confrontation of Tradition and Innovation!
|th      = การต่อสู้ครั้งแรกสุดและใหม่ล่าสุด!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trận Đấu Xưa Và Nay!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das erste und das neuste Duell!
|de_tl   = The First and the Latest Duel!
|id      = Pertarungan Antara yang Pertama dan yang Terakhir
|id_tl   = A Battle Between the First and the Latest
|pt      = Confronto Entre o Primeiro e o Último!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Birinci ile Sonuncu Arasında Kıran Kırana Bir Mücadele!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Scontro tra il primo e l'ultimo!
|it_tl   = Clash Between the First and the Latest!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

[[pt-br:Confronto Entre o Primeiro e o Último!]]
[[ru:Противостояние традиций и инноваций!]]