{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71062
|image         = World Quest A Company Vanishing Into the Deep.png
|type          = World
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Anton; Danila; Paimon; Radomir; Temur; Traveler
|startLocation = [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 300
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|3}}
}}
'''''A Company Vanishing Into the Deep''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]].

==Steps==
To start the quest, talk to [[Anton]], who is located in the tunnels west of [[The Chasm: Main Mining Area]]'s southern waypoint.
# Defeat the [[Fatui]] force
#* This step is optional, depending on the dialogue chosen.
# Talk to the defeated Fatui
#* This depends on the previous step.
# Give the Fatui some food
#* Give 4 units of any one of these items: [[Apple]], [[Sunsettia]], [[Eel Meat]], [[Rice]], [[Shrimp Meat]], [[Bamboo Shoot]], [[Tofu]], [[Potato]], [[Tomato]], [[Fowl]], [[Radish]], [[Carrot]], [[Fish]], [[Raw Meat]], [[Bird Egg]]
# Defeat the incoming Fatui {{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Electrohammer Vanguard*1|text=Corporal Mashkov - Bloated From Hunger}} {{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Geochanter Bracer;Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer}}
# Talk to Anton
# Go to the supply station to look for clues
#* Read the Lost Document
# Defeat the attacking Treasure Hoarders {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Crusher;Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger}}
# Find [[Yanbo's Note]] and give it to the Fatui

==Gameplay Notes==
* This quest is also required to complete the [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] "[[Tell a Tale for Taliesin]]."
* After completing ''[[Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering]]'', the Fatui camp located northeast of [[The Chasm's Maw]] will gain an interactible related to this quest. Interacting with it is not required for this quest.
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} Unfinished Supply Log
:'''Unfinished Supply Log:''' "...The [[Treasure Hoarder]] [[Erge]] agreed to exchange food and other necessities for what's left of our money and military supplies..."
:'''Unfinished Supply Log:''' "...Treasure Hoarders are in some trouble. It seems that they've lost their Weasel Thieves (?). Those who are still in The Chasm, please stay calm and wait."
:'''Unfinished Supply Log:''' "...There has been an earthquake, which caused much panic among the Treasure Hoarders. They didn't deliver the food today..."
:'''Unfinished Supply Log:''' "...Someone seems to have dispelled the Seven-Star Array. I need more information..."
:'''Unfinished Supply Log:''' "...[[Clitopho]], our contact from the Treasure Hoarders, went missing. As a result, our supplies are cut off for now..."
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue ==
{{Quest Description|You encounter a group of Fatui who have lost contact with their troops on the ground. But they don't seem combat able at all and even ask for your help...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the Fatui)
:'''???:''' You over there, please, don't attack us!

;(Talk to Anton)
:'''Anton:''' *Huff* Sorry to stop you if you're in a hurry. I'm Staff Sergeant Anton Melnikov, the... Acting CO of the Ninth Company. Just call me Anton.
:'''Anton:''' They are Danila, Temur, Radomir and... uh, Romanski. He's not here. He's at the... medical camp.
:'''Danila:''' Neither Romanski nor the medical camp remains, Antoha. Romanski didn't make it through the morning.
:'''Anton:''' Danila, how many times have I told you. I'm in charge of the company now. Call me Staff Sergeant Anton!
:'''Temur:''' Ha! In charge of the company, as a Staff Sergeant! Who do you think you are? Ever since the Captain went missing, you've been acting like an important-looking CO. Hah!
:'''Radomir:''' That's enough, Temur... Your growling stomach must've messed with your judgment. Calm down and preserve your energy.
:'''Danila:''' It's "Acting CO" Antoha.
:'''Temur:''' Acting CO, my foot! Just for how long do we have to take orders from this fake CO who doesn't even know what he's doing?
:'''Radomir:''' Hey, Temur, your brain must be intoxicated with hunger. I suggest you take a few punches to sober up.
:'''Temur:''' Suits me! Go ahead! Come at me and I'll help you sober up too!
:'''Danila:''' Great! After running out of rations, we're also saying goodbye to our sanity and patience. Splendid! Draining every last ounce of energy we have here, what an enlightened course of action...
:'''Anton:''' Ahem...! Silence! If you're itching for a fight, then go down and fight the monsters that came from the black mud! And don't you forget to fight them with your growling stomach too!
:'''Anton:''' If we wanna live and walk outta here alive, we must stick together! Don't make me repeat myself, OK?
:'''Anton:''' Alright, give me a "If not us, then who?" on three. One, two, three!
:'''Danila:''' If not us, then who.
:'''Radomir:''' If not us, then who...
:'''Temur:''' ...
:'''Anton:''' ...
:'''Anton:''' Uh, so, my friend, you must've noticed that... *cough* we're not very combat-effective at present. There's... been a small issue.
:'''Radomir:''' Hmph, "a small issue!" You certainly talk like the Captain...
:'''Anton:''' Since he's not here, I'm the acting commander! Now, why don't you shut that clever mouth of yours!
:'''Anton:''' Sorry, my friend. We're in dire need of your help.
:{{DIcon}} Since when have we become "friends"?
:{{DIcon}} Why would I want to help you?
:{{DIcon}} (Ready for combat) Fine then. I can help you surrender.
:;(Skip to "Defeat the Fatui force" section)
:'''Anton:''' What do you want? Supplies, weapons, intel, or Mora &mdash; we've plenty of them. Take them all if you'd like, so long as you help us.
:'''Temur:''' Ah, look, our beggar CO just took on the most humiliating job ever... losing the last ounce of dignity we're left with on our behalf.
:'''Danila:''' Knock it off already! Are you expecting to fill your tummy with bitter sarcasm?
:'''Temur:''' "Join our ranks! Let our marching boots shake the earth like thunder! You who will march with us towards the polestar of the white night, come! We shall never abandon you..."
:'''Anton:''' Oh, someone shut him up already!
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... Although they're all bad guys, seeing them all famished certainly makes Paimon feel sorry for 'em...
:'''Anton:''' It shames me to admit this... but as you can see, we're no longer combat-effective in the least. All we want is some food.
:{{DIcon}} And then?
:{{DIcon}} No other agendas?
:{{DIcon}} (Draw your sword) You can enjoy a sumptuous meal in prison, you know?
:;(Skip to "Defeat the Fatui force" section)
:'''Anton:''' We'll leave and never return. I promise you... on the honor of the Ninth Company, on our ancestors who defended the land of Snezhnaya.
:'''Temur:''' *sigh* Oh, you poor thing, how famished, how pathetic!
:'''Radomir:''' Enough of that. You're no better anyway...
:'''Anton:''' Anyway, there were 64 of us when we arrive, 64 in total! Now there are only four starving souls left. What other purposes would we be capable of accomplishing?
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! How did you end up like this?
:'''Anton:''' That's not the topic for now... Without food, the last four left of the Ninth Company could be gone at any moment.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me your purpose first.
:{{DIcon}} Alright, let's build a bit of trust here first, shall we?
:{{DIcon}} (Give up on communication) I don't like your hat.
:;(Skip to "Defeat the Fatui force" section)
:'''Anton:''' Well, I'll say this: whatever doubts you may have, the only purpose we have here is to investigate the source of the calamity in The Chasm.
:'''Paimon:''' What calamity? Paimon's seen no sign of it in The Chasm.
:'''Anton:''' The calamity that happened five hundred years ago is only the beginning. The war against the dark has never stopped, and one of its battlefields is right beneath our feet.
:'''Danila:''' *sigh* Our Staff Sergeant CO is so hungry that he's started to talk some crazy stuff...
:'''Temur:''' He always likes to exaggerate, but this is the first time he's talked nonsense.
:'''Radomir:''' Forget it. What Antoha means is, well, that the people of Liyue are no enemy to us.
:'''Anton:''' At least not in this operation, not to us here in the Ninth Company ... But I'm not so sure how our comrades who went missing might perceive the matter.
:{{DIcon}} I'll help you on account of humanity, but just this once.
:'''Anton:''' Th&mdash;Thank you! We'll forever be grateful.

;(Talk to Anton again)
:'''Anton:''' Please consider our request.
:{{DIcon}} Here is the food you wanted.
:;(Opens item submission window)
;(Skip to "Give the Fatui some food" section)

----

;(Defeat the Fatui force)
;(Talk to the defeated Fatui)
:'''Paimon:''' They're so weak. Just a few kicks and they're already down!
:'''Anton:''' Stop! Please stop! Give us some food and we'll do anything as you wish!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph... They're really desperate for food.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me your purpose.
:{{DIcon}} How can I trust you?
:'''Anton:''' Lemme put it this way: Whatever doubts you may have, the only purpose we have here is to investigate the source of the calamity in The Chasm.
:'''Paimon:''' What calamity? Paimon's seen no sign of it in The Chasm.
:'''Anton:''' The calamity that happened five hundred years ago is only the beginning. The war against the dark has never stopped, and one of its battlefields is right beneath our feet.
:'''Danila:''' *sigh* Our Staff Sergeant CO is so hungry that he's started to talk some crazy stuff...
:'''Temur:''' He always likes to exaggerate, but this is the first time he's talked nonsense.
:'''Radomir:''' Forget it. Antoha does have a point, which is you people of Liyue are no enemy to us.
:'''Anton:''' At least no enemy to us... As for our comrades who went missing, I'm not so sure how they might perceive you.
:{{DIcon}} Ok... I'll help you, but just this once.
:;(Opens item submission window)

----

;(Give the Fatui some food)
;(After giving Anton 4 of some kind of ingredient)
:'''Corporal Mashkov:''' Anton, you traitor! Have you forgotten what "secrecy" even means? Also, you there, give us all your food!
:'''Anton:''' Wait, Bovka, come on! Please let us explain! There's no need to fight...
:'''Paimon:''' There's no time for catching up. Just let us dish out the beatings!

;(Talk to Anton or any other soldier again after defeating the incoming Fatui)
:'''Anton:''' *sigh* I'm sorry, but there's a... small issue... with our chain of command.
:'''Danila:''' "A small issue"!? We just betrayed our men by standing here as we watched someone else chase them off!
:'''Temur:''' Then what do you suggest we did? Let them beat us up and have our food snatched away? Zip that mouth of yours shut and focus on eating.
:'''Radomir:''' Antoha, stop downplaying this. Our chain of command has been wiped out. It's gone! Our captains and other higher-ranking COs have either gone missing or got killed... That leaves us no other choice but to retreat.
:'''Anton:''' But many of our men refuse to do so... They'd rather hold on to what's left behind by our COs and fight till the last man standing.
:'''Danila:''' I'd say it's "starve" till the last man standing... According to the collaboration agreement, people up there are supposed to relay orders and supply us with food, but we haven't heard from them for a long time.
:'''Temur:''' We're loyal to the Fatui and Lord Harbingers &mdash; as we should be &mdash; but we're no fools. Anyone sensible would have long suggested that we retreat under such circumstances.
:{{DIcon}} So, what's your plan?
:'''Anton:''' Mmm... I know that this isn't your concern, and I won't stop you if you wanna leave, but we're really out of our depth and could use your help.
:{{DIcon}} I need to think about it.
::'''Anton:''' OK. Stay safe. But be careful. Our other comrades scattered around here might not be as friendly.
:{{DIcon}} What do you need me to do?
:'''Anton:''' I'm not supposed to tell you this, but... there's a supply station near the ground level. All our supplies go through there, and we sometimes got orders there, too.
:'''Anton:''' We sent a few men up for food, but they haven't returned... I can't afford to risk another trip.
:'''Anton:''' No one has come down from the supply station for a long time, either. I hope you can check the situation there for me.
:{{DIcon}} Let me think about it.
:{{DIcon}} I'll help.
:'''Anton:''' I'm so sorry to trouble you, but we need to know what's happening on the ground... Otherwise, any decisions we might make would be too rash.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, okay, you're starting to confuse Paimon with all the convoluted talking! We'll look out for it when we pass by.

;(Talk to Anton again)
:'''Anton:''' Whatever the case, thank you for giving us food.
:'''Anton:''' We'll find a way to get out of here.

----
;(Upon nearing the supply station)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the camp that those Fatui were talking about, right? Mmm, looks like there's no one here anymore.

;(Read the nearby notice)
:'''Notice!:''' "Due to the recent incident, all supply stations built for collaborative purposes will be shut down permanently. All [[Millelith]] personnel, clerks, and miners stationed there, please leave soon!"
:'''Notice!:''' "Members of the Fatui spotted in this area will be arrested as enemies. Please stay alert!"

;(Interact with the Lost Document)
:'''Lost Document:''' "...Emergency Announcement from the Secretary at [[Yujing Terrace]]: The malignant and destructive incident recently occurring at the [[Jade Chamber]] has proved that the Fatui are dangerous and untrustworthy..."
:'''Lost Document:''' "...The collaboration agreement with Snezhnaya has been nullified. The [[Liyue Qixing]] will take over the exploration of The Chasm..."
:'''Lost Document:''' "...The Millelith shall not make contact with any member of the Fatui. Violation of this rule will result in immediate arrest without clemency!"

;(After reading the document, Treasure Hoarders appear)
:'''Ratbrow Thief:''' Hah! With this letter, we can go pay that [[Yanbo]] guy a visit. He'll listen to what we say, or else...! Actually, come to think of, what are you outsiders doing here!?
:'''Rateye Crook:''' Less talk, let's get 'em first!

;(Defeat the attacking Treasure Hoarders)
:'''Ratbrow Thief:''' Agh! Run!
:'''Rateye Crook:''' Let's beat it!
;(Obtain [[Yanbo's Note]])

;(Return to the Fatui)
:'''Anton:''' You're back. How is it? Any news from the station?
:{{DIcon}} It has been abandoned.
:'''Anton:''' Is that so... Then, did you find anything?
:{{DIcon}} You're no longer welcome in Liyue Harbor, I fear.
:'''Anton:''' ...
:'''Anton:''' Other than this, do you have any other news?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... Here's a letter we found. Seems it's for you.
:{{DIcon}} Here you are...

:'''The Fatui soldiers read the letter...'''

:'''Anton:''' Ah, it's from Yanbo. I got it.
:'''Radomir:''' What happened? The Millelith are gone too? Let me read it...
:'''Danila:''' *sigh* What's with them? We're fighting for them! Aren't we allies?
:'''Radomir:''' There are no allies anymore. No more collaboration... To be precise, the Fatui are no longer in a collaborative relationship with Liyue.
:'''Temur:''' This is betrayal! The people of Liyue have betrayed us!
:'''Radomir:''' Maybe it's the other way around in their eyes? Perhaps they think that we, the Fatui, have betrayed them?
:'''Danila:''' This can't be! We came here to protect the people of Liyue! Don't you remember what the Captain said before our departure? "This expedition has nothing to do with conspiracies or schemes!"
:'''Temur:''' But that couldn't prevent conspiracies and schemes from coming to us, could it? This isn't something we have control over, Danila.
:'''Anton:''' OK, I see. *Deep breath*... I've decided &mdash; we need to retreat, the quicker the better.
:'''Anton:''' It's alright. I'll take full responsibility. If there's any deserter amongst us... If any deserter shall bring dishonor to the Ninth Company, that's me and only me.
:'''Radomir:''' ...Danila is right. We're here to protect the people of Liyue from the Calamity of the Darkness. We can't leave like this.
:'''Anton:''' Do you think this is the right time to worry about your personal honor, Mirka? Can't you see it?
:'''Anton:''' Can't you see that the people of Liyue neither need our protection, nor even want us here? They even defeated our comrades, who thought of themselves as heroes!
:{{DIcon}} Yes, you've betrayed the trust of the people of Liyue.
:{{DIcon}} Best you consider what you're gonna do next.
:'''Anton:''' We should retreat, and preferably in silence. Without alerting the local Millelith.
:'''Radomir:''' The Captain said that we should be ready to give our lives here. We should...
:'''Anton:''' He also said that he wouldn't let anyone die in vain! That he didn't want the whole company to be buried here!
:'''Anton:''' At least we're still alive. At least not all of the Ninth Company are gone. Do you understand?
:'''Radomir:''' ...
:'''Radomir:''' Yes, Sir!
:'''Anton:''' OK, any more questions? I don't want to hear any objections. You're now dismissed.
:'''Anton:''' Whatever the case, (Traveler), thank you for helping out. Take this Mora and these supplies.
;(Quest completes)

----

;(Speak to Temur again)
:'''Temur:''' Ha, look who's here? Our great benefactor! Next time we meet out in the wild, don't draw your sword too quickly, alright?
:'''Temur:''' Hehe... I'm just kidding. I hope we won't be enemies next time we meet.

;(Speak to Danila again)
:'''Danila:''' Thank you for your help. Sorry that there's nothing I can give you in return.
:'''Danila:''' This is the first time that Antoha has acted as our Company CO &mdash; Ha! Perhaps the last time too. But as long as he gets us out of here, I'll consider him to be a worthy CO.
:'''Danila:''' Anyway, I wish you a successful journey.

;(Speak to Radomir again)
:'''Radomir:''' Thank you for your food. If you have any questions, ask Staff Sergeant Anton. I have nothing to tell you.
:'''Radomir:''' Um... Please don't misunderstand. I mean, when it comes to classified information, you know...
:'''Radomir:''' Ahem, anyway... I hope we can meet again as friends.

;(Speak to Anton again)
:'''Anton:''' We'll leave soon. My apologies if we've disturbed your adventure.
:{{DIcon}} About the collaboration with the Millelith...
::'''Anton:''' That was a long time ago. Shortly after this place was locked down, we contacted the Liyue Qixing.
::'''Anton:''' At first, things went smoothly... [[Signora]] even nailed a few mutually beneficial trade agreements.
::'''Anton:''' And one of the additional conditions was that Liyue would allow the Fatui to send an advance team into The Chasm... We came to investigate and eradicate the source of the anomalies.
::'''Anton:''' As agreed, Snezhnaya and Liyue would share whatever we were to find down here.
::{{DIcon}} Don't you have other purposes?
::'''Anton:''' At least none that I'm aware of. When we entered The Chasm, the local citizens even sent us their best wishes. We all thought... that we would be heroes, sacrificing ourselves for the sake of others.
::'''Anton:''' *sigh*... Who'd have thought that things would turn out like this?
:{{DIcon}} About the "Dark Calamity"...
::'''Anton:''' "Dark Calamity," "the Calamity of Darkness," or whatever you call it... They all mean the great disaster that occurred five hundred years ago.
::'''Anton:''' Anyway, it's the eternal enemy of Snezhnaya... For five hundred years, the calamity has been lurking in the dark and we'll be on guard forever.
:{{DIcon}} About you...
::'''Anton:''' About us? There's nothing much to talk about... We fought hard and we failed. That's all.
::'''Anton:''' When we first came down, we were the Ninth Company, a company of 64 soldiers. But now, I guess half of our men including our commander have either gone missing or died... Well, maybe not yet half of us...
::'''Anton:''' But anyway, it's around that figure. We've been scattered and lost contact with each other... We lost this battle and should've retreated long ago.
::{{DIcon}} But your people on the ground attacked Liyue Harbor.
::'''Anton:''' ...It's surprising but I think I can understand why.
::'''Anton:''' To assist in endeavors of greater meaning, [[Pulcinella|Lord Pulcinella]] won't hesitate to dispense with less valuable assets. That's his logic.
::'''Anton:''' As his direct subordinate, I have no objections to his cause of action...
:{{DIcon}} About [[Katarina]]... ''(Unlocked by completing [[Lost in a Foreign Land (Quest)|Lost in a Foreign Land]])''
::'''Anton:''' Did you meet her? Is she still alive? I hope she can forgive me.
::'''Anton:''' Katarina and her younger brother, [[Nikolay|Corporal Nikolay]], were brought up in the [[House of the Hearth]]. They are the children of Her Majesty the Tsaritsa.
::'''Anton:''' She told me that she was going to find her brother. I thought she lost her mind having stayed in the environment down here... There's no way that her brother could live.
::{{DIcon}} So you abandoned her?
:::'''Anton:''' Abandon? No, she... she volunteered to stay. After all, unnecessary obsessions only slow the whole team down.
:::'''Anton:''' We... We're prepared to sacrifice our lives or the lives of our loved ones for all... This is the resolution of the Fatui.
:::'''Anton:''' Katya is no exception, nor is Kolya.
:::'''Anton:''' I wouldn't blame them if they did the same to me.
::{{DIcon}} The situation she's in is not so bad as you think.
:::'''Anton:''' You're an outsider. The Fatui can't and shouldn't get sentimental in front of civilians.
:::'''Anton:''' But to her, we're family. She's &mdash; she was &mdash; also our family.
:::'''Anton:''' But she insisted on looking for Kolya... I hope she can forgive me.
{{Dialogue end}}
<!-- Datamined:
:'''Unfinished Supply Log:''' "...The Treasure Hoarder Erge agreed to exchange food and other necessities for what's left of our money and military supplies..."
:'''Unfinished Supply Log:''' "...Treasure Hoarders are in some trouble. It seems that they've lost their Weasel Thieves (?). Those who are still in The Chasm, please stay calm and wait."
:'''Unfinished Supply Log:''' "...There has been an earthquake, which caused much panic among the Treasure Hoarders. They didn't deliver the food today..."
:'''Unfinished Supply Log:''' "...Someone seems to have dispelled the Seven-Star Array. I need more information..."
:'''Unfinished Supply Log:''' "...Clitopho, our contact from the Treasure Hoarders, went missing. As a result, our supplies are cut off for now..."
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Company Vanishing Into the Deep
|zhs     = 连队消失在深岩
|zhs_rm  = Liánduì Xiāoshī Zài Shēnyán
|zht     = 連隊消失在深岩
|zht_rm  = Liánduì Xiāoshī Zài Shēnyán
|zh_tl   = A Company Vanishes In the Deep Rock
|ja      = 深き岩層に消えし中隊
|ja_rm   = Fukaki Gansou ni Kieshi Chuutai{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = A Company Vanished In the Deep Rock Formations
|ko      = {{tt|층암거연|層岩巨淵}}에서 사라진 {{tt|중대|中隊}}
|ko_rm   = Cheung'am-geoyeon-eseo Sarajin Jungdae
|ko_tl   = A Disappeared Company in the Chasm
|es      = Una compañía perdida en la roca
|es_tl   = A Company Lost in the Rock
|fr      = Une unité disparue dans le Gouffre
|fr_tl   = A Missing Unit in the Chasm
|ru      = Пропавший в глубинах отряд
|ru_tl   = A Troop Lost in the Depths
|th      = กองร้อยหายลับที่หุบเหวลึก
|th_rm   = Kongroi hai lap thi hupheo luek
|th_tl   = A Company Vanished in the Deep Chasm
|vi      = Cả Đội Mất Tích Tại Vực Sâu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die in den Tiefen vermisste Kompanie
|de_tl   = The in the Depths Missing Company
|id      = Kompi yang Hilang Ditelan Kedalaman
|id_tl   = The Missing Company Vanished Into the Deep
|pt      = Uma Companhia Perdida nas Profundezas das Rochas
|pt_tl   = A Company Lost in the Depths of the Rocks
|tr      = Derinliklerde Kaybolan Bir Grup
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Una compagnia svanita nelle profondità
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}