{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20518; 20519
|type          = Commission
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Vile; Huffman; Jilliana
|npc           = Vile
|prev          = A Surprise Gift
|prevNote      = Vile's version
|other         = 
* AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''A Commission From "That Guy"''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]. It is unlocked after completing [[Vile]]'s version of the commission ''[[A Surprise Gift]]''.

There are two versions of this commission: the Standard version and [[Huffman]]'s version ''(unofficial names)''. The version obtained is randomly determined when the commission is assigned.

==Steps==
===Standard Version===
# Talk to [[Vile]]
# Head to the designated location
# Fend off the Treasure Hoarders {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarder Scout;Treasure Hoarder Cryo Potioneer;Treasure Hoarder Hydro Potioneer;Treasure Hoarder Pyro Potioneer}}
# Report back to Vile

===Huffman's Version===
All steps are identical to the Standard version. However, after Step 1, talking to Huffman at the main city gate leads to an alternate ending which skips Steps 2 and 3.

==Gameplay Notes==
* For the duration of this commission, Huffman will be located by the main gate to the City of Mondstadt, regardless of which version was obtained.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After taking care of [[Jilliana]]'s matter, [[Vile]] came again to inform you that "[[Kaeya|That Guy]]" has another commission for you.}}

===Standard Version===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Huffman by the front gates before talking to Vile, optional)
:'''Huffman:''' To think that those Treasure Hoarders have had the gall to approach Mondstadt...

;(Talk to Vile)
:'''Vile:''' Why, we meet again. How do you fare?
:'''Vile:''' Oh, yes, and one thing. Thus far, Jilliana has neither done too well nor too poorly. The good news is that she has yet to leave Mondstadt...
:'''Vile:''' But the bad news is that she has already confessed her situation to [[Victoria|Sister Victoria]], who hasn't done much about it so far.
:'''Vile:''' We can only wait and see how this whole affair will end.
:{{DIcon}} ... What are you planning?
:'''Vile:''' Oh, come now. Don't look at me like that. I'm not some sort of villain. As a matter of fact, am I not giving you pointers on how to help her?
:'''Vile:''' Right, let's get down to business. The reason I'm here are the "loose ends" we left behind from that previous incident.
:'''Vile:''' Simply put, you defeated the Treasure Hoarders, yes. But at the same time, you've also blown Jilliana's cover.
:'''Vile:''' The Treasure Hoarders are not lenient to traitors. As far as I know, we've already caught wind of quite a few of their tracks, and we've never seen any of this lot before.
:'''Vile:''' Chances are that they're out to get Jilliana, and also to avenge their losses in the meantime. At this moment, we can only ask you to beat them back.
:{{DIcon}} Isn't this all your doing?
::'''Vile:''' Oh, please, I too have my orders. If it wasn't for that gentleman's insistence that you be the one to handle this, I wouldn't have come looking for you.
:{{DIcon}} Go do it yourself!
::'''Vile:''' Don't say that. You know I don't have your strength.
:{{DIcon}} This is a matter for the [[Knights of Favonius|Knights]].
::'''Vile:''' While that is true, that certain gentleman judges that under the present circumstances, the fewer people know of Jilliana's affairs the better.
::'''Vile:''' Besides, that gentleman does not wish for the Knights to get involved. After all, the Knights are too used to acting in the open, and often go overboard in the process.
::'''Vile:''' Take our ever-reliable [[Huffman]], for example. Why, if he were to hear that there were Treasure Hoarders abroad near Mondstadt, he would raise the alarm within the hour.
::'''Vile:''' And should the Knights march out in full muster, the Treasure Hoarders would surely scurry off in a flash, rendering our plan to get rid of them for good moot once again.
::'''Vile:''' So, we ask you to fly solo and take them out efficiently, only because we must.
::'''Vile:''' Still, that band of Treasure Hoarders has actually gotten so near to Mondstadt that the Knights of Favonius may have already caught wind of them. The Knights may even be prepared to make a move already...
::'''Vile:''' But this is beyond the scope of our consideration.
:'''Vile:''' Don't worry, I have ensured that the rewards this time will be substantial.
:'''Vile:''' This time, our dear gentleman has furnished me with ample Mora, unlike the previous time, when I had to pay you out of pocket... Ah yes, I should also mark the location of those Treasure Hoarders on your map.
:'''Vile:''' Well, then. If for nothing else, please protect Jilliana, [[Rudolf]], [[Lily]], and Mondstadt for the Mora. It's all up to you now, so do your best.

;(Talk to Vile again)
:'''Vile:''' Still preparing? That's fine. Just head out once you're ready.
:{{DIcon}} Who's this gentleman, anyway?
::'''Vile:''' I won't tell you no matter how you ask. That's par for course in our line of work.
::'''Vile:''' Even when we do reveal any intelligence, we do so because we must.
::'''Vile:''' Well, you can give this a thought: which of the things I just said falls under "things I revealed because I must"?
:{{DIcon}} What's your goal?
::'''Vile:''' That gentleman's goals... I couldn't guess them. But I believe that he also means to protect Mondstadt.
::'''Vile:''' Or should I say that even he probably wouldn't do things like this just for the fun of it?
::'''Vile:''' Hmm, no, no, I shouldn't be speculating about such things...
----
;(Talk to Jilliana, optional)
:'''Jilliana:''' What... What can I do for you?
:'''Jilliana:''' I'm still waiting for Sister Victoria to give me her reply.
:'''Jilliana:''' This incident... I'm prepared for the consequences, no matter what they may be.

;(Talk to Huffman, optional)
:'''Huffman:''' ...Those Treasure Hoarders... Oh, I'm sorry! Is something the matter?
:{{DIcon}} There are Treasure Hoarders active around Mondstadt.
:'''Huffman:''' Treasure Hoarders? We're on the trail of a group of them ourselves. How dare those crooks skulk so near to Mondstadt. Not to mention that we don't know what their intentions are at all...
:'''Huffman:''' No matter what the reason, they're definitely up to no good. We've redirected a lot of manpower to dealing with them, so I'm afraid we don't have the manpower to deal with your report right now.
:'''Huffman:''' Nonetheless, I'll note your report down. Once we are done with those Treasure Hoarders, I will pass it upwards. Again, thanks for reporting the matter to us.

;(After dialogue ends)
:'''Paimon:''' The Knights of Favonius look really busy.
:'''Paimon:''' What should we do... Maybe we should go beat those Treasure Hoarders ourselves.
----
;(After defeating the Treasure Hoarders)
:'''Paimon:''' That should do it. Let's head back and look for Vile.

;(Talk to Huffman again, optional)
:'''Huffman:''' To think that those Treasure Hoarders have had the gall to approach Mondstadt...

;(Report back to Vile)
:'''Vile:''' You're back already? Why, aren't you efficient? I think I know why that gentleman likes you so much.
:{{DIcon}} The money. Give it here.
::'''Vile:''' How cold. I mean, I do have the bounty right here. But pray, spare a thought for a fellow errand-runner's feelings!
:{{DIcon}} Why, it's an honor.
::'''Vile:''' Oh no, the honor is all mine. Please take this reward... And pleasure doing business with you.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Huffman's Version===
''For brevity, dialogue options identical to the Standard version's have not been repeated.''
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Huffman, optional)
:'''Huffman:''' That's right, you'd better keep hiding, you thieves, 'cause if I ever find out where you're hiding... Where are you all hiding, anyway?

;(Talk to Vile)
:'''Vile:''' Why, we meet again. How do you fare?
:'''Vile:''' Oh, yes, and one thing. Thus far, Jilliana has neither done too well nor too poorly. The good news is that she has yet to leave Mondstadt...
:'''Vile:''' But the bad news is that she has already confessed her situation to [[Victoria|Sister Victoria]], who hasn't done much about it so far.
:'''Vile:''' We can only wait and see how this whole affair will end.
:{{DIcon}} ... What are you planning?
:'''Vile:''' Oh, come now. Don't look at me like that. I'm not some sort of villain. As a matter of fact, am I not giving you pointers on how to help her?
:'''Vile:''' Right, let's get down to business. The reason I'm here is the "loose ends" we left behind from that previous incident.
:'''Vile:''' Simply put, you defeated the Treasure Hoarders, yes. But at the same time, you've also blown Jilliana's cover.
:'''Vile:''' The Treasure Hoarders are not lenient to traitors. As far as I know, we've already caught wind of quite a few of their tracks, and we've never seen any of this lot before.
:'''Vile:''' Chances are that they're out to get Jilliana, and also to avenge their losses in the meantime. At this moment, we can only ask you to beat them back.
:{{DIcon}} Isn't this all your doing?
:;(Same as Standard version)
:{{DIcon}} Go do it yourself!
:;(Same as Standard version)
:{{DIcon}} This is a matter for the [[Knights of Favonius|Knights]].
::'''Vile:''' While that is true, that certain gentleman judges that under the present circumstances, the fewer people know of Jilliana's affairs the better.
::'''Vile:''' Besides, that gentleman does not wish for the Knights to get involved. After all, the Knights are too used to acting in the open, and often go overboard in the process.
::'''Vile:''' Take our ever-reliable Huffman, for example. Why, if he were to hear that there were Treasure Hoarders abroad near Mondstadt, he would raise the alarm within the hour.
::'''Vile:''' And should the Knights march out in full muster, the Treasure Hoarders would surely scurry off in a flash, rendering our plan to get rid of them for good moot once again.
::'''Vile:''' So, we ask you to fly solo and take them out efficiently, only because we must.
:'''Vile:''' Don't worry, I have ensured that the rewards this time will be substantial.
:'''Vile:''' This time, our dear gentleman has furnished me with ample Mora, unlike the previous time, when I had to pay you out of pocket... Ah yes, I should also mark the location of those Treasure Hoarders on your map.
:'''Vile:''' Well, then. If for nothing else, please protect Jilliana, Rudolf, Lily, and Mondstadt for the Mora. It's all up to you now, so do your best.
----
;(Talk to Huffman, optional)
:'''Huffman:''' That's right, you'd better keep hiding, you thieves, 'cause if I ever find out where you're hiding... Where are you all hiding, anyway?
:{{DIcon}} I know where they're hiding.
:'''Huffman:''' You? How did you— Huh. The markings on this map are very detailed... Who did you get them from? Vile? To think she'd be...
:'''Huffman:''' ...This is nowhere near the location we'd established previously. Just what is the goal of these Treasure Hoarders...
:'''Huffman:''' I'm sorry, please let me mark these down... Alright, I've got it. I will get people to verify these locations immediately, and once we have verified them, we will go and repel these Treasure Hoarders.
:'''Huffman:''' You have my thanks, once again, for your contributions to Mondstadt. This time, we won't let a single Treasure Hoarder get away!

;(Talk to Huffman again)
:'''Huffman:''' To think that those Treasure Hoarders have had the gall to approach Mondstadt...
----
;(Report back to Vile, if Huffman was spoken to)
:'''Vile:''' You're back already? Why, aren't you efficient? I think I know why that gentleman likes to leave matters in your hands.
:{{DIcon}} I left it to the Knights of Favonius.
:'''Vile:''' You left it to the Knights of Favonius... Hey, didn't I just say that leaving it to them might be troublesome?
:'''Vile:''' Well, you sure know how to skive. Fortunately, that gentleman expected that you might do this, so I had a backup plan prepared.
:'''Vile:''' Well, don't worry about the rest. *sigh* Guess it's time to run some errands...
:'''Vile:''' But according to that gentleman, your actions may yet lead us in interesting directions.
:'''Vile:''' After all, it would have been too obvious a move for me to report the Treasure Hoarders' movements myself, and that gentleman can't exactly approach the Knights directly either...
:'''Vile:''' Well, these are for you. Take them. What did that gentleman call it? A small reward for "changing the course of the wind."
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = cM-b44hOw-A
|caption1 = A Commission From "That Guy"
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Commission From "That Guy"
|zhs     = 「那位先生」的委托
|zhs_rm  = "Nàwèi Xiānshēng" de Wěituō
|zht     = 「那位先生」的委託
|zht_rm  = "Nàwèi Xiānshēng" de Wěituō
|zh_tl   = "That Mister"'s Commission
|ja      = 「あの方」の依頼
|ja_rm   = "Ano Kata" no Irai
|ja_tl   = A Request From "That Person"
|ko      = 「그분」의 의뢰
|ko_tl   = "That Person"'s Commission
|es      = El encargo de “ese señor”
|es_tl   = The Errand From "That Mister"
|fr      = «&nbsp;Ce monsieur&nbsp;» a une mission
|fr_tl   = "That Mister" Has a Mission
|ru      = Поручение «того господина»
|ru_tl   = "That Mister"'s Commission
|th      = คำขอของ "สุภาพบุรุษท่านนั้น"
|th_rm   = Khamkho khong "Suphapburut Than Nan"
|th_tl   = "That Gentleman"'s Commission
|vi      = Uỷ thác của "Ngài ấy"
|vi_tl   = Commission of "That Mister"
|de      = Ein Auftrag „dieses Herrn“
|de_tl   = A Mission of "That Mister"
|id      = Misi dari "Pria Itu"
|id_tl   = Mission From "That Man"
|pt      = Uma Missão daquele "cavalheiro"
|pt_tl   = A Mission From That "Gentleman"
|tr      = "O Adam"dan Bir Görev"
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un incarico per "quel tipo"
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|In Series}}

[[de:Ein Auftrag „dieses Herrn“]]
[[es:El encargo de "ese señor"]]
[[fr:« Ce monsieur » a une mission]]