{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03030
|image         = Archon Quest A Dance of Destruction.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Interlude Chapter
|actNum        = III
|act           = Inversion of Genesis
|part          = 2
|characters    = Amenoma Tougo; Furuta; Hirotatsu; Paimon; Traveler; Xavier
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          = The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call
|next          = The Kabukimono's Finale
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*500;Mora*22,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|I|3|2}}

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Amenoma Tougo]]
# Go to the [[Yashiro Commission]]
# Go to [[Tatarasuna]] to look for clues
# Talk to [[Xavier]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Step 2 of this quest may be blocked by {{Quest|New Shoots from Old Branches}}.
* Step 3 & 4 of this quest may be blocked by {{Quest|Tatara Tales}} or {{Quest|Film Notes}} because of Xavier's shared presence.
* Completing the quest will grant the {{Achievement|Echoes of History}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Balladeer has caused a series of unexpected consequences within Irminsul, and you're the only one aware of that. In order to ascertain the situation, you head off to Inazuma...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Amenoma Tougo)
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've made it to [[Amenoma Smithy]]!
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 01.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Ah, it's been a while.
:{{DIcon}} Pardon me. I'd like to ask a question, if I may.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 02.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Of course, go ahead.
:{{DIcon}} About the "Raiden Gokaden"...
:{{DIcon}} Could you tell me that story one more time?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 03.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Oh, now there's a question I wasn't expecting... Very well, I'll tell you what I know once more.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 04.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' The once-renowned "[[Raiden Gokaden]]" comprised of five branches: Amenoma, Futsu, Isshin, Hyakume, and Senju.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 05.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' The art of forging practiced by these five clans was first taught to them personally by the [[Raiden Shogun|Almighty Shogun]]. Over time, the five branches diverged from one another as generations of bladesmiths honed and perfected their craft, until they became five distinct traditions.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 06.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Most of the great swordsmith clans of old have since fallen into decline, and for a long time, only the Amenoma branch kept its art alive.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 07.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' But fortunately, [[Kaedehara Kazuha]] recently returned to [[Inazuma]] and took up the mantle of the [[Isshin Art]]. Now, two clans remain of the original Gokaden five.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 08.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' ...If my memory serves me right, you yourself were present when he forged the Isshin blade.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, we were! Paimon remembers that now.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We learned a bit about the decline of the Raiden Gokaden then, too. It seems like such a shame...
:{{DIcon}} What was the reason behind their decline...?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 09.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' ...*sigh* That, my friends, is a tragic tale indeed.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 10.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' In fact, this was not made known to me for most of my life. All these years, I knew of those great clans' demise, but never the cause... Only recently, when the question was on my mind, did I ask Kaedehara Kazuha about this.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 11.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' He told me that, as we are both heirs to a branch of the Raiden Gokaden, it was right that I should know the truth.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 12.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' ...There is no harm in telling you, but I must warn you... it is a dark and sorrowful tale.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 13.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' The Raiden Gokaden were the targets of a murderous rampage by a vengeful bladesmith.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Vengeful? Why?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 14.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Four hundred years ago, so I'm told, there was a catastrophic malfunction in Tatarasuna's furnace. One brave swordsmith heard the commotion and chose not to flee but he rushed to the scene, hoping to prevent a disaster...
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 15.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Tatarasuna was home to a state-of-the-art forging and smelting operation in that day, and overseeing it was the Armory Officer. His surname was Niwa, though he had family ties to the [[Kaedehara Clan]].
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 16.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Knowing that they had just one chance to save countless lives, Mr. Niwa and the swordsmith leaped together into the furnace. The furnace quickly stabilized, but... neither of them made it out.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 17.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' The smith's death, though heroic, dealt a devastating blow to his family's fortunes. His orphaned son was left to fend for himself, and grew up deeply resentful at the world.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 18.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' In his heart, the whole of Inazuma was culpable in his tragedy. He hated the Almighty Shogun for her apparent indifference toward his father's death, and he hated everyone who had done nothing to try and save him...
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 19.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Powerless and destitute, the only legacy he had to pass on to his children was his hatred. Generation after generation bore this grudge, living in utter misery.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 20.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Alas, if only the story could have ended there... But one hundred years ago, the then-head of this family reached the end of his wits... He could bear their fate no longer, and yet he could do nothing to change it.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 21.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Finally... he made a drastic decision: to take revenge on the Raiden Gokaden. In doing so, he sought to vent his pent-up anger and shake the very foundations of Inazuma's forging industry.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 22.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' In his fury, he murdered indiscriminately, killing even bladesmiths from the Hyakume Clan which he belonged to. His goal was absolute: the devastation of all the Raiden Gokaden.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 23.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' But when he came to the Kaedehara and [[Kamisato Clan]]s, his killing spree came to an abrupt end. He failed to catch them unawares &mdash; they fought back fiercely, and they did not spare his life.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 24.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' That is why the Kaedehara clan and their Isshin Art survived that day. *sigh* I suppose they were the lucky ones, under the dire circumstances.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The legend of the Raiden Gokaden has changed. Someone else attacked the swordsmiths...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (It looks like [[The Balladeer]] did something in [[Irminsul]], but... it seems Niwa still died.)
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, was there anything else you wanted to ask?
:{{DIcon}} Have you seen Kazuha recently?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 25.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Kazuha? Why yes, just yesterday, in fact. We spoke for a while over some tea. He seemed well.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Phew, so he still exists... and he's the same Kazuha I know. Things don't seem as bad as I feared last night.)
:{{DIcon}} That's all. Thank you very much.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 amenomatoogo 26.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' My pleasure.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't tell Paimon &mdash; there are other places you wanna visit too, right? Hehehe, your expression says it all. You can't hide anything from Paimon!
:{{A|vo llzaq002 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' On to the next stop! Lead the way, Traveler. Paimon will be right behind you.

;(Talk to Amenoma Tougo again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog llzaq002 amenomatoogo 01.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' *sigh* Whenever I'm reminded of what happened back then, it always weighs on my heart...
----
;(Approach the Yashiro Commission headquarters)
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're here! Um... This is the Yashiro Commission's headquarters, so...
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 hirotatsu 01.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' {{Traveler}}, it's been a while.
:{{DIcon}} Hello.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 hirotatsu 02.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' If you're looking for the [[Kamisato Ayato|Commissioner]] and [[Kamisato Ayaka|Miss Kamisato]], I'm afraid your timing is unfortunate. They're not here right now...
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are they out on business?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 hirotatsu 03.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' The Commissioner is out on business, and Miss Kamisato is standing in for some meetings in the Commissioner's place. If it's urgent, you're welcome to wait inside until they get back.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whaddya think? Shall we go in?
:{{DIcon}} Thank you. We'll take you up on that offer.
::{{DIcon}} Can we take a walk in the courtyard?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 hirotatsu 04.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' If it were anyone else, I couldn't allow it. But seeing as you're so close with the Commissioner and Miss Kamisato, I think it should be okay.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll be heading in then. Thanks!
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 01.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' Hmm? Hello, dears... Is there something you want to say?
:{{DIcon}} Ma'am, can I ask you a couple of questions?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 02.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' Hehe, of course, {{Traveler}}. Yes, I know who you are... Miss Kamisato has told me about you.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 03.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' What would you like to know?
:{{DIcon}} How are the Commissioner and Miss Kamisato these days?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 04.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' Oh, they're both very well indeed. Lately, Miss Kamisato has been rather busy attending all kinds of meetings, and occasionally paying visits to some local organizations on the Commissioner's behalf...
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 05.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' As for the Commissioner himself... Well, you know. Busy as ever, that much hasn't changed. Although, he does seem to be in a rather good mood these days.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So pretty much business as usual in the Yashiro Commission, huh?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 06.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' Very much so.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Ayato is still the Yashiro Commissioner, Ayaka is still the lady of the house... No changes there.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (As far as I can see, nothing's changed in the Yashiro Commission, either...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I was expecting as much, but it's still a big relief to know that the Kamisato siblings are both safe and well.)
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well? Got any more questions?
:{{DIcon}} That's all for now. Many thanks.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 07.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' You're very welcome. In fact, I would love nothing more than for you to come and visit more often, but I'm sure you must be far too busy to have time for that.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 08.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' Miss Kamisato talks about you all the time. She seems so thrilled to have you as a friend, and she's always saying how talented you are, and how much she admires you.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 09.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' I must say, many things in Inazuma seem to have taken a turn for the better since you arrived here. So you're not just Miss Kamisato's knight in shining armor, you know... you're a hero to us all.
:{{DIcon}} I'm flattered.
;(If the player has completed [[The Firmiana Leaf Falls]])
::{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 10.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' I mean it.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 11.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' Whenever the Commissioner dines at home, [[Thoma]] always joins him. I always find myself at my most relaxed when I'm serving the two of them and listening to them chat away.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 12.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' The Commissioner has such a busy schedule that he doesn't always have the chance to take his meals at home. But, given the opportunity, he always prefers to dine here.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 13.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' They say it's because Thoma's a much better chef than most... Hehe, the Commissioner is so fond of home comforts.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 14.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' They get to talking about you sometimes too, you know. Always with a very fond tone... the way one would talk about dear old friends around whom one can truly be themselves.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 15.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' Miss Kamisato occasionally joins them as well. Whenever the whole family gets together, and they start talking about people they've met and experiences they've had, you always get a mention.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 16.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' ...It's been many years now since the late Mr. and [[Kamisato Kayo|Mrs. Kamisato]] passed away. Much has happened in the Kamisato Clan in that time.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 17.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' As someone who is old and gray enough to have watched their son and daughter grow up, it makes me so happy to see them meet a dependable friend whose company they enjoy so much.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 18.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' So in the future, if you ever do have the time, please know you are always very welcome at the Yashiro Commission headquarters. There will always be at least one old lady who would be delighted to have the pleasure of your company.
::{{DIcon}} Thank you very much. I will visit again.
::{{DIcon}} Thank you. The people of the Kamisato Clan are very dear friends to me.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 19.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' Wonderful. Hehe, thank you.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon likes it here, too! Also... you were saying something about the food here being really great.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's itching to try it. We may just have to invite ourselves around for dinner sometime! ...Uh, Paimon meant we should come pay a visit again real soon! Ideally around dinnertime!
::{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 20.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' Of course. You're always welcome.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, goodbye for now! We're, uhh... Where are we going next?
:{{DIcon}} Tatarasuna.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great. Goodbye, Ma'am! Don't worry, we'll see ourselves out!
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 furuta 21.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' Alright then, take care now. Hope to see you soon!
:;(The Traveler and Paimon walk out of the estate)
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 hirotatsu 05.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' Oh, are you two leaving already?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, everything's taken care of now. Don't worry!
:{{A|vo llzaq002 2 hirotatsu 06.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' Very well, safe travels. Goodbye.

;(Talk to Furuta again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog llzaq002 furuta 01.ogg}} '''Furuta:''' Look after yourselves, won't you? Take care, now.

;(Talk to Hirotatsu again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog llzaq002 hirotatsu 01.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' Safe travels. Goodbye.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The Balladeer has caused a series of unexpected consequences within Irminsul, and you're the only one aware of that. In order to ascertain the situation, you visit various places in Inazuma and inquire about details related to The Balladeer and the Raiden Gokaden. However, it seems like nothing could be done about the people The Balladeer had wished to save...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Xavier)
;(If the player has not completed [[Tatara Tales (Quest)]])
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 01b 1.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Hm? Do I have company?
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 02b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What kind of person comes to a place like this and just spaces out...? Let's find out &mdash; c'mon, let's ask this guy!
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 01b 2.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Hey! I wasn't spacing out! I was pondering some problems.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 02b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure you were... Your eyes were glazed over, dude. You were a million miles away!
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 01b 3.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Huh? Why are you making fun of me? I told you, I wasn't spacing out. I was ruminating on some problems &mdash; technological, environmental, and so forth. This is Tatarasuna, after all.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 02b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, he said Tatarasuna. Looks like we came to the right person.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 01b 4.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Oh? Is there something you want to know about Tatarasuna?
::{{DIcon}} How should I address you?
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 02.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' My name's Xavier.
;(If the player has completed the Tatara Tales quest)
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, here we are, but what are we looking for? Something? Or someone?
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 01a 1.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Do my eyes deceive me? Or is that {{Traveler}} and Paimon?
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 02a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xavier? What are you doing here?
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 01a 2.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' I was in the general area, and... now I'm in this specific area. There, that's me &mdash; so what about you two?
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 02a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We have some questions, and thought you might be able to help.
:{{DIcon}} Do you know much about Tatarasuna?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 03.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Certainly do. I've researched the furnace here in some depth.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 04.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' If there's anything you want to know, just ask away!
:{{DIcon}} How well do you understand the history of this area?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 05.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Like the back of my hand, haha! Make no mistake, I have been here a good many times before.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 06.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Not only that, but I've met people in Inazuma whose families used to live in Tatarasuna years ago. They said it's all true, the history here.
:{{DIcon}} Go on, I'm listening.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 07.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Hmm? Oh, well, uh... It's a long story, don't you know? The tale of Tatarasuna starts a long time ago.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 08.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' I'm told that its history as one of the foremost forging and smelting operations in the nation goes back around a thousand years. Still, the furnace has had a couple of serious maintenance issues along the way...
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A couple? When, exactly?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 09.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' One was just in the last few years, the other was several hundred years ago. Fun fact &mdash; I'm not the first Fontaine tech guy to come and work on it, either. There was a guy back then, too.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 10.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' They say he was a mechanic who consulted on a technology upgrade. Seems like the technological collaboration between our two nations goes back a long way, how about that!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' ("Mechanic," huh? Looks like [[The Doctor]] still sabotaged the furnace, leading to all the ensuing chaos...)
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, weren't you gonna ask Xavier something about Tatarasuna? C'mon, ask already.
:{{DIcon}} I am.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 11.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Oh... I didn't realize you two were here for a history lesson.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Me neither... Paimon doesn't know what's gotten into this one today. Feels like we've been preparing for a history exam or something...
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 12.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Hmm? What brought this on? Did you just wake up today with a sudden burning desire for historical knowledge?
:{{DIcon}} Pretty much. So can I ask one more question?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 13.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Sure, go ahead.
:{{DIcon}} Have you ever heard of a "kabukimono" connected to Tatarasuna?
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 14.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' A kabukimono? Hmm... No, I can't say that I have.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 15.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' I do know the word &mdash; Inazuman for those eccentric types, who always go around dressed to the nines. Just the sort of person that I'd like to meet, actually.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 16.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' But sadly, I've never had the pleasure, nor have I come across anything to do with a kabukimono where Tatarasuna is concerned.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (So there's no more kabukimono... Did The Balladeer really manage to erase himself from history completely?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (If so, he must have wanted to change the world and revert everything back to the way it was. But so far, it looks like the majority of changes have only affected himself.)
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, Xavier.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 17.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Of course. Don't mention it.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we're leaving? Okay, bye, Xavier!
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 18.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Oh! You're most welcome. More than happy to help.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 xavier 19.ogg}} '''Xavier:''' Farewell.
:;(Xavier leaves)
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like you got all the information you're looking for.
:{{DIcon}} Time to go back and see Lesser Lord Kusanali.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure. But what's up with you today...? Whatever it is, it seems like it's really troubling you.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Keep your smile, [[Spinocrocodile]]! No matter what happens, Paimon will always be there for you.
:{{DIcon}} ...Alright.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 10a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on, you gotta keep it together! Why don't you grab something to eat? You can't go facing life's challenges on an empty stomach!
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, Paimon.
::{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 10b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, don't mention it! Heehee.
:{{A|vo llzaq002 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, let's head off and go meet [[Nahida]]!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Dance of Destruction
|zhs     = 乱世轮舞
|zhs_rm  = Luànshì Lúnwǔ
|zht     = 亂世輪舞
|zht_rm  = Luànshì Lúnwǔ
|zh_tl   = Circling Dance in the Chaos
|ja      = 乱世輪舞
|ja_rm   = Ransei Rinbu
|ja_tl   = Circling Dance in the Chaos
|ko      = 난세의 춤
|ko_rm   = Nanse-ui Chum
|ko_tl   = Dance of Anarchy
|es      = Danza de la destrucción
|es_tl   = Dance of Destruction
|fr      = Une danse de destruction
|fr_tl   = A Dance of Destruction
|ru      = Танец разрушения
|ru_tl   = A Dance of Destruction
|th      = ระบำแห่งความวินาศสันตะโร
|th_rm   = Ra-bam haeng Khwam Winat Santaro
|th_tl   = A Dance of Destruction
|vi      = Loạn Thế Luân Vũ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Reigen der Zerstörung
|de_tl   = Roundelay of Destruction
|id      = Tarian Kehancuran
|id_tl   = Dance of Destruction
|pt      = A Valsa da Destruição
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yıkım Dansı
|tr_tl   = Dance of Destruction
|it      = Danza della distruzione
|it_tl   = Dance of Destruction
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Interlude Chapter}}

[[es:Danza de la destrucción]]
[[ja:乱世輪舞]]