{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12046
|image         = Story Quest A Deceit Called Happiness.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = 
|character     = Yumemizuki Mizuki
|chapter       = Tapirus Somniator Chapter
|act           = Dream Eater's Melancholia
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|characters    = Aikawa Susumu; Hyakujitsuhaku Shion; Paimon; Shiba Murasaki; Susukida; Traveler; Umihiko; Yae Miko; Yumemizuki Mizuki
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|poi           = 
|prev          = Crisis at the Aisa Bathhouse
|next          = Descendant of Nightmares
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*375;Mora*31,125;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Deceit Called Happiness''''' is the third quest in {{Quest|Dream Eater's Melancholia}}.

==Steps==
# Wait until the following morning (08:00 &ndash; 12:00)
# Go to the [[Aisa Bathhouse]]
# Go to [[Emura Ichigensai]]'s place of business
# Go to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] and look for [[Yae Miko|Miko]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The financial troubles at the Aisa Bathhouse appear to be almost over when a sudden turn of events turns everything on its head. You and [[Mizuki]] soon realize that the root cause of the crisis still persists...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter Aisa Bathhouse)
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mizuki, we're here to book our next therapy appointment...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 hyakujitsuhakushion 01.ogg}} '''Hyakujitsuhaku Shion:''' Ugh...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 shibamurasaki 01.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Agh... It hurts...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no... What's wrong with them?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 aikawasusumu 01.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' They've been like this ever since they woke up...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...It's an extreme case of indigestion.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How come? Did they eat too many nightmares last night?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 aikawasusumu 02.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' I doubt it... We only had four customers yesterday, including you two.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon blames the other two...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 mizuki 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' You're right. Something's definitely wrong with their nightmares... Our ability to digest dreams isn't just a matter of quantity. It depends on the emotional intensity, too.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 mizuki 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Point being, no normal person should ever have a nightmare of this magnitude...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 hyakujitsuhakushion 02.ogg}} '''Hyakujitsuhaku Shion:''' *retching*
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 mizuki 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' The situation is dire. If I can't find a way to help them digest the dreams soon...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What can we do? Let us help!
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 mizuki 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' We need to find those two customers from yesterday, and figure out the cause of their bad dreams. Without knowing that, I have no way of treating them.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 mizuki 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, I know you spoke to them both. Think you can track them down?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see... Hmm, they did say they were gonna get counselling from Emura Ichigensai again. Chances are, that's where we'll find them!
:{{A|vo mzklq003 1 mizuki 07.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Lead the way. I'm coming with you.

;(Talk to [[Aikawa Susumu]], optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mzklq003 aikawasusumu 01.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' Don't worry, I'll look after the bathhouse.

;(Talk to [[Hyakujitsuhaku Shion]], optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mzklq003 hyakujitsuhakushion 01.ogg}} '''Hyakujitsuhaku Shion:''' Ahh, what should I do about work...

;(Talk to [[Shiba Murasaki]], optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mzklq003 shibamurasaki 01.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Ugh, this is just my luck...
----
;(Approach [[Susukida]] and [[Umihiko]])
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 umihiko 01.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' Y'know, I went out to sea earlier today, but was so distracted that I lost my net... Ah well, it's not a big deal though.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 susukida 01.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' Yeah, I messed up today too... but hey, what's the big deal? A few bandits got away, it's not the end of the world, hahaha...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, you two! Murasaki and Shion are sick, and it's all because of your bad dreams!
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 susukida 02.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' Whoa, someone's in a bad mood, huh? So funny, haha...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 umihiko 02.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' I know, right? Hehehe...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' What's wrong?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They're acting so weird! Paimon was pretty aggressive just now, but they don't seem offended at all...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...Allow me. Gentlemen, do you still remember visiting Aisa Bathhouse last night for dream regulation therapy?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 umihiko 03.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' Did we?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 susukida 03.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' I don't think so...?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Huh... Do you recall having any bad dreams recently?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 susukida 04.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' No, why would I? What in this world could be so bad that it'd give me nightmares?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 umihiko 04.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' Hmm... Nope, nothing comes to mind. Bad dreams must be highly irregular, surely? You don't have to look far to see that life is beautiful.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is going on? It's like they've completely forgotten what they did last night.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Although, Paimon can believe what they're saying. They don't exactly seem troubled by nightmares... Does that mean Emura Ichigensai's counselling actually works?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' No, they're clearly not in their right minds... {{Traveler}}, Paimon, focus hard for a second. I'm gonna try something a little unorthodox...
;(Shadowy versions of themselves emerge from Susukida and Umihiko)
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, what did you do...?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Entered their subconscious minds. I noticed they've both become disassociated from their subconscious, meaning I can access it &mdash; similarly to how I enter people's dreams.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 susukida 05.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' No, nooo! Those thugs, I won't let them get away with this! I won't!!!
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 umihiko 05.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' The sea's too rough today... I should stay on dry land till things calm down.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' As you can see, their troubles haven't gone anywhere.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 07.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Susukida seems to have a short fuse, which causes him to act out of line. I'm sure this has caused him a lot of grief in his line of work.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 08.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' As for Umihiko... I believe he developed a fear of stormy waves after a near-death experience. Now, he's reluctant to sail out to sea at all, which is having a devastating impact on his livelihood.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 09.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Their negative emotions have been isolated from their conscious minds and left to float around in their subconscious. That's why on the outside, the only emotion they appear to feel is happiness.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 10.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' But those suppressed emotions will only continue to fester in their subconscious, eventually turning into the nightmares that have been giving Murasaki and Shion indigestion.
:{{DIcon}} How did this happen?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 11.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...If it's Emura Ichigensai's doing, I guess he's not the straightforward conman we thought he was. Maybe he really does have ways of influencing human emotions. That would explain why no one has blown the whistle on him yet...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 12.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Did you notice anything strange when you came here yesterday?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not really. They were a lot more serious than today...
:{{DIcon}} Actually, since you ask...
:{{Black Screen|You remember the strange dream from yesterday, and recount it to Mizuki.}}
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You sure kept that one quiet!
:{{DIcon}} I didn't think much of it at the time.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 13.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Oh, no no no... Look, we have to find this Emura Ichigensai right away!
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mizuki... What is it?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 14.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Something inhuman is at work in Emura Ichigensai. {{Traveler}}'s dream confirms that... He has victimized everyone who has received his so-called counselling.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 15.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' If we don't find and stop him as soon as possible, his victims may well suffer irreversible damage to their psyches.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes... Well, guess we'd better press these guys a little harder. Do you know when Emura Ichigensai will be here next?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 susukida 06.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' What's with the urgency? Why does it matter when he shows up?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 umihiko 06.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' Yeah, he'll turn up when he's ready. No point trying to rush him, heh...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, this is infuriating!
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 16.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...You do remember what happened last night. Both of you.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 17.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Only, you don't want to talk about it, because you can't reconcile the presence of a nightmare with the happiness you presently feel.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 18.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Just thinking about it brings up an overwhelming sense of being torn apart. You can't quite put it into words, but you fear you're a hair's breadth away from a total breakdown... Is that about right?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 umihiko 07.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' ...Please, stop. Everything will be fine as long as we don't think about it...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 19.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Emura Ichigensai's treatment has clearly left you wounded and vulnerable. But don't worry &mdash; I'm not here to snap you out of your denial.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 20.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...At least, as long as you answer our question.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 susukida 07.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' Alright... But seriously, we really have no idea. We've asked already, and all we know is that he's not coming today.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 umihiko 08.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' Yeah, uh... apparently yesterday's session kind of... tired him out.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 21.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Is he trying to hide from me again?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They really don't know anything? Darn. Looks like we've hit a dead end...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 22.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I don't suppose you know where he lives, do you?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No. We did ask yesterday, but even his guard didn't know.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 23.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' In that case...
:{{DIcon}} Have you found out what you came here for?
:{{DIcon}} Are you able to help Murasaki and Shion now?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 24.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Yes, I suppose... Now that I know what's causing their bad dreams, I can administer the correct treatment...
:{{DIcon}} Then go do that.
:{{DIcon}} I'll track down Emura Ichigensai.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 25.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...Honestly, you've already done your part by bringing me here. I can't keep troubling you...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't forget we wanna book our next therapy session! The sooner you stop having to worry about Emura Ichigensai, the sooner we get you all to ourselves.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, we're not gonna quit until all this is resolved, and the bathhouse is back to business as usual!
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 26.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...Looks like I have no choice but to accept your help again. I have to make sure Murasaki and Shion get the treatment they need.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 27.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Still, I'm gonna need your full cooperation. If you do find Emura Ichigensai, please do not approach him. Just send me a message and keep an eye on him until I arrive.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 28.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' The last thing I want is for you to put yourself in harm's way.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, don't worry about that! You should see some of the other bad guys we've taken down in our time. This guy's small potatoes compared to them!
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 29.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Paimon?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Alright, sure. We'll keep our distance and send a message, heh.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 mizuki 30.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Very good. Let's get going then.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Pretty bold claim, saying you'll track this guy down. It's nice of you to give Mizuki one less thing to worry about and all, but... what the heck do we do now? What if we can't find him?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cause in case you hadn't noticed, these guys are hopeless. They don't know anything!
:{{DIcon}} Yep, they definitely have no idea.
:{{DIcon}} But I suspect Miko knows something...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you're right &mdash; she was the one who tipped us off about this place yesterday! She probably knows way more than she let on.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 3 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's no time to lose! To the Grand Narukami Shrine!
----
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's usually somewhere around here...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Here for a [[Fortune Slip|fortune slip]], little ones? Or visiting a friend?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Where did you come from...
:{{DIcon}} It's been a while, Lady Guuji.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That was a little lukewarm. You're starting to sound a lot like her... But pleasantries aside, what's the matter? You look rather out of sorts.
:{{DIcon}} We need to locate someone.
:{{DIcon}} Do you know where we can find Emura Ichigensai?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You may remember I dropped a not-so-subtle hint as to his whereabouts yesterday. You mean to tell me you still haven't found him?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aha, so you did bring him up on purpose!
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...Let's not lose focus here. You're here to ask for my help. So, would you mind explaining the situation to me?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, fair enough... We went to the place you mentioned, but he slipped through our fingers.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Next thing we heard was, he's not seeing patients there anymore &mdash; apparently, he loves his peace and solitude... So obviously, we've got no idea where to find him now...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' *sigh* And after the lengths I went to to get you that location...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dunno if this helps, but we did learn some other stuff about him yesterday. For example, a guy matching Emura Ichigensai's description came to Mizuki for therapy once &mdash; only his name was "Emura Chuuya."
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Wait, what? Emura Chuuya?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know him?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I once asked the [[Yae Publishing House]] to host an event for contributors to the readers' letters column. I had hoped it might be a fun chance to meet some like-minded people and chat... until he showed up.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Are you telling me that Emura the hell-raiser and Emura the healer are the same person?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Based on everything we've learned so far, it certainly looks that way.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Alright. Well, in that case... give this address a try.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Really? Who chooses to live in a place like that?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' This was the delivery address he gave to the Yae Publishing House once, when he placed an order for several dozen books in one go. He also requested to pay on receipt.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The warehouse took one look and assumed it must be some kind of prank, so they rejected the order... Earning them an honorable mention in his complaint letter.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Of course, with the benefit of hindsight, it's rather obvious why he lives there. Someone as antisocial as him wouldn't be welcome anywhere else.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You've got a point... Well, we clearly made the right decision coming to talk to you!
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'm just glad I could help my old friend.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean Mizuki? So, you really do want to help her?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I can tell that she's invested an awful lot into the Aisa Bathhouse. It's only natural for me to show some concern when I see a friend's business in trouble.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? 'Cause yesterday, it looked more like you were looking for a fight...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I assume Mizuki has told you that we're competitors?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' She has always believed that, ever since we were classmates. And now that I'm the Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine, I'm sure she must feel the need to prove herself through her endeavors at the Aisa Bathhouse.
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The last thing she'd want is for me of all people to swoop in and save the day the moment the going gets tough... So if I want to help, I have to be mindful of her feelings and tread delicately.
:{{DIcon}} It's rare to see you being so considerate...
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'll take that as a compliment. Mizuki's always so considerate towards others &mdash; it would be nice for someone to reciprocate once in a while.
:{{DIcon}} Well, since you're in a difficult position...
:{{DIcon}} ...Maybe I can do the honors instead?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well done, you took the hint. Now, while I'm sure you'd love to chat longer, you seemed to be in a great hurry when you arrived. Shouldn't you be on your way?
:{{A|vo mzklq003 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! C'mon, let's send a message to Mizuki right away!
;(Quest completes)

;(Talk to Yae Miko, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mzklq003 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Don't tell Mizuki about our conversation, by the way. If she asks, just say that you figured it out all by yourself.
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = A Deceit Called Happiness
|zhs      = 名为快乐的谎言
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 名為快樂的謊言
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 快楽という名の嘘
|ja_rm    = Kairaku to Iu Na no Uso
|ja_tl    = A Lie Called Pleasure
|ko       = 행복이라는 이름의 거짓말
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Una mentira llamada felicidad
|es_tl    = A Lie Called Happiness
|fr       = Un mensonge appelé bonheur
|fr_tl    = A Lie Called Happiness
|ru       = Ложь под обёрткой радости
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = คำโกหกที่ชื่อว่าความสุข
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Lời Nói Dối Mang Tên Vui Vẻ
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Eine Täuschung namens Glück
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Kebahagiaan Yang Menipu
|id_tl    = The Deceitful Happiness
|pt       = Uma Mentira Chamada Felicidade
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Mutluluk Aldatmacası
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Il dolce inganno della felicità
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.4}}