{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73013
|image         = World Quest A Delicacy for Nara.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = An Unwavering Culinary Dream
|part          = 3
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Arachatora; Arapacati; Arapas; Araphala; Arasaka; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Vanarana]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Vanarana
|prev          = Cooking, a Pleasant Memory
|prev2         = Cooking, the Aroma of Homecoming
|prev3         = Cooking, the Beauty of Sharing
|exp           = 300
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
}}

'''''A Delicacy for Nara''''' is the last quest of the series [[An Unwavering Culinary Dream]].

==Steps==
# Report back to [[Arapacati]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the quest grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' Achievement, ''[[Master Chef: Vanarana]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You've helped Arapacati find all four brothers! Return to Vanarana now and look for Arapacati.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After all three previous quests have been completed)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, Aracha... Ara... Er, forget it. The four brothers have all been notified!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's return to check on Arapacati...

;(Talk to Arapacati)
:'''Arapacati:''' Arapacati is sooo mad! Argh! More mad than mad!
:'''Arapacati:''' Forest is very dangerous as [[Marana]] is rampant there. When they left, Arapacati reminded brothers to work together...
:'''Arapacati:''' But you started arguing right after leaving. [[Arachatora]], you even ate strange thing.
:'''Arachatora:''' *sob*
:'''Arapacati:''' Arapacati has decided. Arachatora not allowed to pick mushrooms until [[Sunsettia]]s have ripened ten times.
:'''Arachatora:''' Noooo... *sob*
:'''Araphala:''' Exactly! What would we do if he brought back bad spores and mushroom monsters grew here?
:'''Arapacati:''' [[Araphala]], you too! You went so far away from Vanarana to collect fruits. There are many bad things over there! [[Araja]] told us about it especially!
:'''Araphala:''' *sob*
:'''Arapas:''' That's right. Fruits need to drink water and Aranara need to drink water, so water is the best.
:'''Arapacati:''' [[Arapas]], of all places, you had to go to the [[Varuna Contraption]]. Don't you know that even [[Nara Varuna]] said the water of Vanarana is the most delicious?
:'''Arapas:''' *sob*
:'''Arasaka:''' Y&mdash;You see, only the "taste of happiness" can bring happiness to our little sister.
:'''Arapacati:''' Arasaka, I heard you caused a lot of trouble for Nara (Traveler) because of your "taste of happiness"...
:'''Arasaka:''' E&mdash;Everything I did was for the "Supreme Delicacy"...
:'''Arapacati:''' The purpose of making the "Supreme Delicacy" is to show the fruits of the "cooking training". Alas, what's the point of the training if you could only complete it with someone else's help?
:'''Arapacati:''' Arapacati thinks [[Arasaka]] needs to reflect on himself the most.
:'''Arasaka:''' *sob*
:'''Paimon:''' Arapacati! We're here!
:'''Arapacati:''' Oh, it's you two.
:'''Arapacati:''' Nara (Traveler) shared Arapacati's trouble with Paimon and solved the problem at its source...
:'''Arapacati:''' Arapacati no longer needs to worry about brothers missing [[Festival Utsava]] or being in danger outside. It's all thanks to you.
:'''Arapacati:''' Arapacati and brothers are all thankful.
:'''Paimon:''' That's great!
:'''Paimon:''' But there's something Paimon has always been curious about...
:{{DIcon}} Who is this Nara Varuna?
:'''Arapacati:''' {{MC|m=She|f=He}} is our friend, a friend of Vanarana.
:'''Arapacati:''' A friend of Aranara from a long, long time ago. A Golden Nara just like Nara (Traveler).
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. But Paimon's still got another question for you...
:{{DIcon}} Is it about her brothers?
:'''Paimon:''' Yes. Arapacati, which one of them is your biggest brother, and which one's the smallest?
:'''Arapacati:''' Hmm? The biggest and the smallest?
:{{DIcon}} Their ages...
:{{DIcon}} Their sizes...
::'''Paimon:''' No! Paimon is asking about their ages!
:'''Arapacati:''' Ages... Ah, Arapacati understands. Just like tree rings. Hmm, the children of the forest aren't distinguished by age.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Then why are they your brothers and why are you their younger sister?
:'''Arapacati:''' Oh, this. We once had a Nara friend. Nara Varuna. {{MC|m=She|f=He}} said {{MC|m=she|f=he}} had a "{{MC|m=brother|f=sister}}."
:'''Arapacati:''' When Arapacati and brothers listened to {{MC|m=her|f=him}} talk about the "{{MC|m=brother|f=sister}}," Nara Varuna looked happy and sad at the same time.
:'''Arapacati:''' That's how we understood. To an "older brother," a "younger sister" is an important Nara. To a "younger sister," an "older brother" is an important Nara.
:'''Arapacati:''' We thought it was great, so Arapacati and brothers decided to become brothers and sister. Nara Varuna said this was great. We should cherish our family.
:{{DIcon}} That's right, we must cherish our family.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm...
:'''Paimon:''' There's one more thing Paimon's been wondering... Do Aranara need to eat?
:'''Arapacati:''' Humans cook ingredients into food, and the children of the forest can also make ingredients into food.
:'''Arapacati:''' Nara Varuna taught us how Nara eat. That's why Arapacati and brothers started doing cooking training...
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, but that's certainly unusual...
:{{DIcon}} It's like you're playing a game...
:{{DIcon}} It's like you're playing house...
:'''Arapacati:''' Arapacati and brothers are very serious because Nara Varuna said that to be able to share food is a very happy thing.
:'''Arapacati:''' Oh and Arapas said that Nara (Traveler) knows how to cook too.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! (Traveler)'s cooking skills have been tested by time!
:'''Arapacati:''' Arapacati gets it... Nara (Traveler) must come to Festival Utsava and cook with Arapacati's bush-league brothers.
:'''Arapacati:''' Impress them once again with real cooking skills and food that only Nara can understand and Aranara will never understand.
:{{DIcon}} Try not to be surprised by then...
:{{DIcon}} I'll show you what I've got!
:'''Arapacati:''' Arapacati is looking forward to it. This Festival Utsava will be really great and amazing!
:;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Arapacati again)
:'''Arapacati:''' Thank you for everything, Nara (Traveler). When the time comes for Festival Utsava, you must come as well!

;(Talk to Arachatora)
:'''Arachatora:''' I can't pick any mushrooms until the Sunsettias have ripened ten times. *sob* I know it's not a long time...
:'''Arachatora:''' But for some reason, just thinking about it slows time to a crawl...

;(Talk to Arapas)
:'''Arapas:''' Vanarana's water is good, but it's water that's right within reach... But we can try using that water to cook next time!

;(Talk to Araphala)
:'''Araphala:''' Arapacati is so scary when she's angry. I hope she won't be so angry after she has had some fruit...

;(Talk to Arasaka)
:'''Arasaka:''' The "taste of happiness" doesn't bring happiness but bitterness instead? How can this be?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Delicacy for Nara
|zhs     = 为那菈献上珍馐
|zhs_rm  = Wèi Nàlā Xiànshàng Zhēnxiū
|zht     = 為那菈獻上珍饈
|zht_rm  = Wèi Nàlā Xiànshàng Zhēnxiū
|zh_tl   = A Delicacy Offered to Nara
|ja      = ナラに佳肴を
|ja_rm   = Nara ni Kakou wo
|ja_tl   = A Delicacy for Nara
|ko      = 나라를 위해 진수성찬을
|ko_tl   = A Sumptuous Feast for Nara
|es      = Un manjar supremo para los nara
|es_tl   = A Supreme Delicacy for Nara
|fr      = Des délices pour les naras
|fr_tl   = Delicacies for Nara
|ru      = Преподнесите нарам лакомства
|ru_tl   = Present Delicacies to Nara
|th      = มอบอาหารล้ำค่าให้ Nara
|th_rm   = Mop A-han Lamkha hai Nara
|th_tl   = A Delicacy for Nara
|vi      = Dâng Món Ngon Cho Nara
|vi_tl   = Offer Delicacy to Nara
|de      = Biete den Nara Delikatessen an.
|de_tl   = Offer the Nara Delicacies.
|id      = Sajian yang Nikmat untuk Nara
|id_tl   = A Delicious Meal for Nara
|pt      = Iguarias para os Nara
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Naralar İçin Bir Ziyafet
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Una prelibatezza per Nara
|it_tl   = A Delicacy for Nara
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}