{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19079
|image         = Hangout Event A Familiar Face in a Faraway Place.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Kaeya
|actNum        = I
|act           = Shenanigans and Sweet Wine
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Kaeya; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|subarea       = Port Ormos
|prev          = The Birdwatcher
|next          = Reunion
|next2         = Feathers Adrift in a Spring Breeze
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Familiar Face in a Faraway Place''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Shenanigans and Sweet Wine}}.

==Steps==
# Follow Kaeya
# Continue following Kaeya
# Talk to Kaeya
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You walk and talk with Kaeya, and discuss what to do next...}}
===His Ideas===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Walk with Kaeya)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907902 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The rules of the [[Knights of Favonius]] state that any and all expenditures during a business trip are counted as "travel expenses." That's more than enough justification to live a little.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907902 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Of course, with me being here on my own, it was looking like a wasted opportunity.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907902 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' But now that I've run into you, why don't we make this a joint trip?

===Reunion===
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You're always so busy, it's high time you gave yourself a proper break. Even the sharpest blade loses its edge if it's always in use. Regular maintenance is essential for reliable performance.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' And anyway, life is short, so we should make the most of the time we have. Right now is the perfect time to relax and enjoy ourselves, and who knows how many other chances we'll get. So come on, what do you say?
:{{Hangout Branch|We can't spend public money for our own amusement.|customlinks=[[Reunion#Memento|Memento]]}}
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hehe, now I remember why you're an honorary knight. Of course being tempted by money is beneath you.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Your honest character is dazzling to behold &mdash; like the sunlight reflecting off the surface of Cider Lake in the late fall... I hold my hands up: My thinking was mistaken.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' In that case, I guess today's end-of-trip blowout is canceled. I shall pack my luggage and prepare to return to Mondstadt.
::{{DIcon}} I can join you for the journey.
::{{DIcon}} It'll be nice to catch up with everyone in Mondstadt anyway.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh? You'd do that for me? Well, this wasn't what I'd originally planned, but it's a very welcome development.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' When I was souvenir shopping, I picked out something for you, too. Guess my thoughtfulness wasn't in vain.
::{{DIcon}} You got me a souvenir?
::{{DIcon}} Ooh, what did you get me?
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Let's keep that a secret for now. Not because I want to keep you guessing...
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' It's just that I didn't think I'd run into you here. All my gifts are back at the inn.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I want you to find out for yourself when you open it. The surprise is what gift-giving is all about, is it not?
::{{DIcon}} Fine.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Then it's settled. We'll leave together shortly.
:{{Hangout Branch|Let me take you somewhere new.|Feathers Adrift in a Spring Breeze}}
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Great, music to my ears. I'll cover the travel costs of course.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' There's nothing more enjoyable than the company of a good friend. Let's call this a nice little excursion to round off my long business trip.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Now, let me think where we should go. Hmm... I've seen a lot of Sumeru already, so let's go for someplace new.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 15.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' How about Liyue? I'd be heading past there on my way back to Mondstadt anyway, so it's not out of the way.
::{{DIcon}} I know Liyue inside and out.
::{{DIcon}} No problem, I'll show you around.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 16.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha, well lucky me! I'll hold you to that.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 17.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Liyue's [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]] frequently corresponds with the Knights of Favonius, so the address on their letterhead is one of the few places I'm familiar with.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1907903 kaeya 18.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I don't have much luggage, so it won't take me long to pack. Give me a moment, and then we'll head there together.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Familiar Face in a Faraway Place
|zhs     = 他乡友
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 他鄉之友
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 異郷の友
|ja_rm   = Ikyou no Tomo
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 타향 친구
|ko_tl   = Friend In a Place Away From Home
|es      = Encuentro en tierras lejanas
|es_tl   = Encounter In Faraway Lands
|fr      = Amis d'ailleurs
|fr_tl   = Friends From Elsewhere
|ru      = Друг на чужбине
|ru_tl   = A Friend in a Foreign Land
|th      = เพื่อนจากต่างแดน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bạn Tha Hương
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Freund aus einem fremden Land
|de_tl   = A Friend From a Foreign Land
|id      = Bertemu Teman di Tanah Asing
|id_tl   = Meeting Friends in a Foreign Land
|pt      = Amigos Reunidos no Exterior
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Uzaklarda Tanıdık Bir Sima
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un volto familiare in un luogo lontano
|it_tl   = A Familiar Face in a Faraway Place
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[es:Encuentro en tierras lejanas]]