{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41338
|image         = A Festive First Adventure Xiao Lantern Course.png
|caption       = End of second gliding course
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|requirement   = Complete [[City of Chores]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)|100}}
|characters    = Tiantian; Traveler
}}
'''''A Festive First Adventure''''' is the fourth request in Part I of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the second day of the event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Tiantian]]
# Go to [[Mt. Tianheng]] to look for Tiantian
# Collect the [[Xiao Lantern]]s (0/3)
# Talk to Tiantian
# Look for Tiantian
# Collect the Xiao Lanterns (0/5)
# Talk to Tiantian

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Tiantian]] of the Liyue [[Adventurers' Guild]] seems to have been working on something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Tiantian:''' Hm... Why didn't anyone come...
:{{DIcon}} Is something the matter?
:'''Tiantian:''' Traveler! Could... Could you hear me out? So, it's the [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]] [[Lantern Rite|right now]], and the Guild was looking to hitch a ride on the festive cheer and do some advertising &mdash; to see if we could snag some new recruits.
:'''Tiantian:''' I hear that [[Brother Qian]]'s come up with a game called... called a somethingy-screen. I don't wanna be left out!
:'''Tiantian:''' So I thought up a new activity. I call it... "My First Adventure."
:'''Tiantian:''' Simply put, I wanted to use some [[Xiao Lantern]]s to mark out a gliding track.
:'''Tiantian:''' Then, anyone who wants to take part in this activity can just open up their [[Wind Glider|wind glider]] and follow the Xiao Lanterns as they fly...
:'''Tiantian:''' You'd get to feel the thrill of adventure and take in the beautiful sights of Liyue, with Xiao Lanterns at your side the whole way! Sounds good, right?
:'''Tiantian:''' I'd originally designed two tracks, but when I went to notify the Millelith, they said I needed to find a test flier who could evaluate them from a safety perspective first.
:'''Tiantian:''' You must have a lot of adventuring experience, right? Would you mind doing the evaluation for me?
:{{DIcon}} Let's have at it.
:'''Tiantian:''' Thanks so much for your help! Let's go to [[Mt. Tianheng]], then. That's where the first track starts.
----
;(At Mt. Tianheng)
:'''Tiantian:''' This is where the track begins, see? The Xiao Lanterns are all in position.
:'''Tiantian:''' Alright then &mdash; you can begin whenever you're ready. Collect the Xiao Lanterns en route to your objective.
:{{DIcon}} It's showtime.
:;(Continues quest)
:{{DIcon}} Let me get warmed up first...
:'''Tiantian:''' Sure, just let me know once you're ready.
:;(Dialogue ends and resets)
----
;(After the gliding course)
:'''Tiantian:''' This is the finish line. You're pretty good at this, aren't you... So, how did you find it?
:{{DIcon}} A very festive experience!
:{{DIcon}} The Xiao Lanterns were very pretty...
:'''Tiantian:''' Hehe, of course! I put them there myself, you know.
:'''Tiantian:''' Well then, let's go to the next track, shall we?
----
;(At the Sea of Clouds)
:'''Tiantian:''' Alright! This is where the track begins. Once again, the Xiao Lanterns are all in place.
:'''Tiantian:''' You can begin as soon as you're ready. Same deal as before, collect the lanterns as you head for the objective.
:{{DIcon}} Let's do this.
:;(Continues quest)
:{{DIcon}} I need a moment.
:'''Tiantian:''' No problem, just let me know when you're done.
:;(Dialogue ends and resets)
----
;(Back in Liyue)
:'''Tiantian:''' So, now that you've tested both tracks out, what's your overall impression?
:{{DIcon}} They're not bad.
:'''Tiantian:''' Great! Guess I can report back to the Millelith now.
:'''Tiantian:''' I'm sure that a fun activity like this will attract lots of people to join the Guild.
:'''Tiantian:''' Ah, yes. Here's your remuneration for helping me evaluate those tracks. Please, take it.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Festive First Adventure
|zhs     = 轻松的冒险初体验
|zhs_rm  = Qīngsōng de màoxiǎn chūtǐyàn
|zht     = 輕鬆的冒險初體驗
|zht_rm  = Qīngsōng de màoxiǎn chūtǐyàn
|zh_tl   = A Relaxed First Adventure
|ja      = 気軽な冒険初体験
|ja_rm   = Kigaruna bouken shotaiken
|ja_tl   = A Relaxed First Adventure
|ko      = 가벼운 첫 모험
|ko_tl   = A Light First Adventure
|es      = Mi primera aventura
|es_tl   = My First Adventure
|fr      = Une première aventure détendue
|fr_tl   = A Relaxed First Adventure
|ru      = Первое праздничное приключение
|ru_tl   = First Festive Adventure
|th      = ประสบการณ์การผจญภัยครั้งแรกอันแสนสบาย
|th_rm   = Prasopkarn Karn Pha-chon-phai Khrang-raek An Saen Sabai
|th_tl   = A Relaxing First Experience of Adventure
|vi      = Trải nghiệm nhẹ nhàng đầu tiên
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine entspannte erste Abenteuererfahrung
|de_tl   = A Relaxing First Experience of Adventure
|id      = Pengalaman Bertualang Pertama yang Santai
|id_tl   = First Relaxing Adventure Experience
|pt      = Primeira experiência relaxada de aventura
|pt_tl   = First Relaxed Experience of Adventure
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}