{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71515
|image         = Event Quest A Few Words in the Foreground.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = The Exquisite Night Chimes
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Complete [[A Thousand Miles for an Enigmatic Tune]]
|characters    = Hesheng; Paimon; Qingxing; Traveler; Yinggong
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|next          = Backstage Helpers
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
* Unlocks the [[The Exquisite Night Chimes/Paper Theater|Paper Theater]] subevent
}}
'''''A Few Words in the Foreground''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[The Exquisite Night Chimes]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[North Wharf]]
# Ask passersby

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|There's a performance going on at the North Wharf. Don't hesitate to come along if you're interested.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' "A performance going on at the North Wharf." Hmm... this notice is so vague. It doesn't say what the show is or who's gonna perform in it.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders where the location is. But if we can't find it, we could always ask people on the street.
:{{DIcon}} There's a lot of people there.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon also sees it. Whoa, so many people are gathered there, maybe just for the show!
:{{DIcon}} Let's ask around.

;(Approach Qingxing)
:'''Qingxing:''' "Fortune and health, peace and wealth...♪"
:{{DIcon}} Hello.
:'''Paimon:''' Is there going to be a performance here soon?
:'''Qingxing:''' Yes, there's going to be a paper play. Are you guys here for it, too?
:{{DIcon}} So this opera is called "Paper Play."
:{{DIcon}} Is it a Liyue Opera?
:'''Qingxing:''' No, paper plays and Liyue Operas are not the same thing...
:'''Hesheng:''' Qingxing! The show is about to begin. Be quiet, or you'll affect the performance.
:'''Qingxing:''' Sorry! As for the paper play, you'll know it when you see it.
:'''Yinggong:''' Honored guests, we will be performing "Bravebeard" today.
:'''Yinggong:''' Before the show, if you want to head to the restroom, or grab a beverage, now's a good time. We will wait for no one when the show begins.
:'''Paimon:''' (So this performance is actually called "Bravebeard." But Paimon has never heard of this story.)
:'''Hesheng:''' Shh! We can still hear you even at a whisper. Keep it down. You can talk during intermission-selection.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... sorry.
:{{DIcon}} Intermission-selection?
:'''Qingxing:''' The story of the Bravebeard is quite long. In fact, it'd be too long to do it all in one go, so Yinggong will let the audience pick which scene they want to see during an intermission...
:'''Hesheng:''' Qingxing! I'm trying to listen to the play!
:'''Qingxing:''' Oh, I won't butt in anymore, I promise.
:'''Yinggong:''' ...so, dear guests, what part of the Bravebeard's story would you like to see today?
:'''Yinggong:''' Would you like to see "Mountain-Bound" or "Worshiping Adepti"? Maybe "Exorcising Demons"? Or "Ascension"?
:'''Yinggong:''' As long as you can name it, I can perform it!
:'''Qingxing:''' I want to see the Bravebeard fight monsters! He is so handsome and wins every time.
:'''Hesheng:''' You've seen "Worshiping Adepti" and "Exorcising Demons" so many times already. Haven't you got tired of it? I want to see the part where the Bravebeard goes home to see his sister.
:'''Qingxing:''' The Bravebeard has a sister? How have I not heard of this? I definitely haven't seen that before.
:'''Yinggong:''' How impressive! Not many people would request "Homecoming." After all, only the real fans know about it.
:'''Yinggong:''' Alright, just in time for Lantern Rite, we will not perform the plots featuring monsters. We shall spin a tale of how lovers end up together.
:'''Yinggong:''' There are three characters who shall appear in this scene, aside from our Bravebeard, with whom you are familiar, of course. There is also a lonely girl named Yibing and an honest gentleman named Nanfeng.
:'''Paimon:''' Do you understand any of this, (Traveler)? Paimon's still confused...
:'''Paimon:''' So this is a story about a guy called the "Bravebeard," right? It looks like there's a lot of supporting characters as well.
:'''Paimon:''' But so far there's only one performer on stage. Uh, and there's a... folding screen? How's it gonna work?
:'''Hesheng:''' Hey, someone here has never seen a paper play before.
:'''Yinggong:''' Eh? Someone in the back asked how I, a lone performer, can be in different places at once and make this performance work?
:'''Yinggong:''' Well, our paper plays may not be as exquisite as Liyue Operas, but we certainly have our own distinctive flavors.
:'''Yinggong:''' As you may know, the characters in Liyue Operas are portrayed by real people in the flesh, the actors in our performances, however, are portrayed with paper figures pasted on silk.
:'''Yinggong:''' And Liyue Operas take place on a large wooden stage, the stage for our performances, however, is but a paper screen on a wooden shelf. Our actors and stages are all made of paper, that's why we call it a paper play!
:'''Yinggong:''' I am the narrator, but I am no actor. You will meet the three paper actors in just a moment.
:'''Hesheng:''' Yinggong, I don't think they know about the Bravebeard either. Would it be okay if you introduce them to his story? You know, the one you always start with...
:'''Qingxing:''' That's called the establishing moment. I've always enjoyed that, too. Please perform it for us, Yinggong.
:'''Hesheng:''' Establishing moment! Establishing moment!
:'''Yinggong:''' It is said that the sky's the limit, but the woes of the world are also limitless.
:'''Yinggong:''' There was once a man named Huanguang, suffering from human injustice, who resorted to dwelling amongst the mountains and rivers.
:'''Yinggong:''' By chance, he became a disciple of an adeptus, changed his appearance, and grew a black beard. Thus, he is known as the "Bravebeard."
:'''Yinggong:''' At the behest of the adeptus, he struck down monsters and scared off demons with his sword.
:'''Yinggong:''' The Bravebeard trained for many years and finally acquired the philosophy of the adeptus. Right before he returned to the adeptal abode, he was summoned to recall the past.
:'''Yinggong:''' It turned out that he still had an attachment to the common folk's society, where he had a sister at home. The poor sister, Yibing, was now alone and helpless.
:'''Yinggong:''' She thought that her brother had lived a miserable life, and never imagined that he would return home. As to what happened next...
:'''Yinggong:''' I shall show you, right away!
:'''Hesheng:''' Hey, don't just stand there. Clap!
:{{DIcon}} Bravo!
:{{DIcon}} (Clap along)
:'''Paimon:''' I&mdash;Is there a rule about when we should clap? Ah, okay!
:'''Yinggong:''' Thank you all. We are supposed to continue the show, but I can tell that these two guests are still a little perplexed.
:'''Yinggong:''' I think it would be better if I ask these two to volunteer from the audience by coming forward and assisting me in directing the scene.
:'''Yinggong:''' It will give you both a good look, and it will help the actors move forward on this stage. What do you think?
:'''Qingxing:''' Hey, why didn't you invite me? I know all about paper plays! You gotta remember to invite me, you just gotta!
:'''Hesheng:''' You have been up there too many times already. Quit making a fuss and enjoy the show!
:{{DIcon}} That's fine by me.
:'''Paimon:''' Help direct the scene? That sounds so novel. It's also fine by Paimon!
:'''Yinggong:''' Then I shall ask you two to prepare. As soon as you two are in position, the performance will begin.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Few Words in the Foreground
|zhs     = 幕前二三言
|zhs_rm  = Mùqián Èrsānyán
|zht     = 幕前二三言
|zht_rm  = Mùqián Èrsānyán
|zh_tl   = Two, Three Words Before the Screen
|ja      = 幕前二言三言
|ja_rm   = Makumae Futakoto Mikoto{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Two or Three Words In Front of the Curtain{{Sino|ja}}
|ko      = 연극의 사전 지식
|ko_rm   = Yeongeuk-ui Sajeon Jisik
|ko_tl   = Theater Preliminary Knowledge
|es      = Actuando delante del telón
|es_tl   = Acting in Front of the Curtain
|fr      = Quelques mots en avance
|fr_tl   = A Few Words in Advance
|ru      = Вступительная беседа
|ru_tl   = Introductory Talk
|th      = คำพูดสองสามคำก่อนเข้าฉาก
|th_rm   = Kham-phut Song Sam Kham Kon Khao Chak
|th_tl   = Two, Three Words Before the Scene
|vi      = Vài Lời Trước Khai Mạc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein paar Worte vor der Vorstellung
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Sepatah Dua Patah Kata di Depan
|id_tl   = A Word or Two in the Front
|pt      = Algumas Palavras Proferidas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ön Deyiş
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Chiacchiere dietro le quinte
|it_tl   = Chatters Behind the Scenes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[es:Actuando delante del telón]]
[[pt-br:Algumas Palavras Proferidas]]
[[ru:Вступительная беседа]]