{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22042
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission A Fishy Flavor.png
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Asase Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]
|characters    = Neko; Paimon; Traveler
|region        = Inazuma
|npc           = Neko
|requirement   = Complete [[Neko Is a Cat]] [[World Quest]] Series
|other         = AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''A Fishy Flavor''' is a daily commission that occurs in [[Asase Shrine]], [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Neko]]
#Feed the little cats with [[Fish]]
#Report back to Neko

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"[[Neko]]," the [[Asase Shrine]]'s provisionary head priestess, seems to be troubled about something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Neko:''' What an unteachable lot...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Neko:''' Ah, it's you. Those little ones have run off yet again. They really are growing most rebellious...
:{{DIcon}} Do you need any help?
:{{DIcon}} Need us to go look for them?
:'''Neko:''' Now that you have hung those metal balls around the shrine, I believe that they will be able to find their way back.
:'''Neko:''' It is not a bad thing, perhaps, for them to go a little wild outside, lest they make a fool of themselves in front of the humans and disgrace the shrine.
:'''Neko:''' But if they should go overboard and go hungry from when the suns hangs high to when the moon comes up... That would not be good either.
:'''Neko:''' Well then, please bring these fish to those little rascals so that they may eat.
:{{DIcon}} Alright then.
::'''Paimon:''' Let's pass our map to Neko to mark out, shall we?
:{{DIcon}} Here's our map...
:'''Neko:''' Mmm, it seems that you do not lack comprehension...

:'''Neko starts to mark the map...'''

:'''Neko:''' Alright then. Go now, and quickly. I have matters of the shrine to attend to yet.

;(Talk to Neko again)
:'''Neko:''' Bring those fish to the little ones, and quickly. I have matters of the shrine to attend to yet.
----
;(If the kittens were fed)
::'''Paimon:''' Well, looks like the kittens have all gathered around.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders if Neko's given them all names or not...
;(If the kittens were scared away)
::'''Paimon:''' Wait! What are you doing!?
::'''Paimon:''' Ugh, now they've all run away! ...Th&mdash;They're gonna tell on us to Neko, aren't they...
----
;(Report back to Neko)
;(If the kittens were fed)
::'''Neko:''' You have returned. Have you fed those rascals?
::{{DIcon}} Yes.
::'''Neko:''' Good, good. You have my thanks. Without your aid, those children would have played and played... and then they would have gone hungry outside.
::'''Neko:''' *sigh* What a bunch of disobedient children. How will they be fit to receive the people coming to the shrine this way...
;(If the kittens were scared away)
::'''Neko:''' You have returned. It is strange. Those children suddenly all came back, and they looked mighty frightened, too.
::'''Neko:''' Did they meet some [[Hilichurl Fighter|hairy churls]] outside, the ones with the sticks?
::'''Neko:''' Still, they did come back... Wait, what is the matter with you?
::{{DIcon}} Uh, actually, I...
::'''Neko:''' ...You... unfathomable human! What possessed you to do that?
::'''Neko:''' You could simply have played with these children the normal way...
::'''Neko:''' Meow! No wonder they were so frightened... You must go and comfort them.
::'''Neko:''' Really, now. I suppose it was a bit much to ask for all humans to be like [[Asase Hibiki|Hibiki]]...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Fishy Flavor
|zhs     = 鱼之味
|zhs_rm  = "Yú zhī Wèi"
|zht     = 魚之味
|zht_rm  = "Yú zhī Wèi"
|zh_tl   = Flavor of Fish
|ja      = 魚の味
|ja_rm   = Sakana no Aji
|ja_tl   = Flavor of Fish
|ko      = 생선의 맛
|ko_rm   = Saengseon-ui Mat
|ko_tl   = Taste of Fish
|es      = Sabor a pescado
|es_tl   = Fishy Taste
|fr      = La saveur du poisson
|fr_tl   = The Flavor of Fish
|ru      = Запах рыбы
|ru_tl   = The Flavor of Fish
|th      = รสชาติปลา
|th_rm   = Rotchai Pla
|th_tl   = Fish Flavor
|vi      = Mùi Vị Cá
|vi_tl   = Fish Flavor
|de      = Fischgeschmack
|de_tl   = Fish Aroma
|id      = Aroma Ikan
|id_tl   = Fish Aroma
|pt      = Um Sabor de Peixe
|pt_tl   = A Flavor of Fish
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|Standalone}}