{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest A Fine Opportunity?.png
|id            = 20601
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|summary       = [[Cyrus]] asks the Traveler to help him check up on [[Jack]] at [[Thousand Winds Temple]]. You find him injured and rescue him, clear out a Hilichurl camp, and promise to keep his secret.
|requirement   = Talk to Cyrus after completing [[Dragon Storm]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 100
|mora          = 6,000
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}{{Card|Teyvat Fried Egg|5}}
|characters    = Cyrus; Jack; Traveler; Paimon
}}
'''A Fine Opportunity?''' is a World Quest that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]. It becomes available right after fending off Stormterror in [[Dragon Storm]].

This quest is time-locked. It can only be triggered and performed before completing Act I of the [[Prologue]] (before doing the quests where the player explores the temples with [[Amber]], [[Kaeya]], and [[Lisa]].)

This quest is mutually exclusive with the World Quest ''[[Solo Venture]].''

==Steps==
Start the quest by talking to [[Cyrus]]. He can be found outside the [[Adventurer's Guild]] headquarters (located south of [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]].)
# Talk to Cyrus
# Track down [[Jack]]
# Rescue Jack from the hilichurls
# Talk to Jack
# Clear out the camp
# Talk to Cyrus

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Even in the midst of the storm, Cyrus of the Adventurers' Guild seems to be gearing up for action...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Cyrus)
:'''Cyrus:''' Drat... If only we had more manpower...
:{{DIcon}} Is something the matter?
:'''Cyrus:''' Traveler? Great timing! You've seen the tempests that Stormterror's kicked up in Mondstadt, haven't you?
:'''Cyrus:''' The Knights of Favonius have mobilized their full strength. Naturally, the Adventurers' Guild will not stand idly by. It is time for the people to witness our strength!
:'''Cyrus:''' The Knights are in charge of internal security, but those foolish monsters outside the city walls are the specialty of the Adventurers' Guild.
:'''Cyrus:''' The Guild's experienced hands have all been sent to various places to investigate. But... I just fear for Jack.
:'''Cyrus:''' He volunteered to go to the Thousand Winds Temple, but we haven't heard from him since.
:'''Cyrus:''' I like his spirit, but he's too rash sometimes and doesn't have enough experience. I worry that something might happen to him.
:'''Cyrus:''' Traveler, if you are willing, could you help me go to the [[Thousand Winds Temple]] to look for Jack?
:{{DIcon}} Sure thing.
::'''Cyrus:''' Thank you! I must oversee the situation here at the Guild, or I would have gone myself.
::'''Cyrus:''' I am counting on you. The Guild must not lose another young soul.
:{{DIcon}} There are other things I need to do...
::'''Cyrus:''' ...Alright. In such times, settling your own affairs is the wisest choice. <small>(does not accept the quest)</small>

;(Talk to Cyrus again)
:'''Cyrus:''' Where has that kid [[Bennett]] run off to? *sigh* At a moment like this, no less... I hope he didn't run into any trouble...
----
:{{DIcon|Investigate}} Investigate
:'''Paimon:''' Look, footprints! Let's follow them and see if they lead us to Jack.
----
;(Upon finding Jack)
:'''Paimon:''' It's Jack! Quick, we need to rescue him!
----
;(Talk to Jack after defeating opponents)
:'''Jack:''' *hissing* That... hurts...
:'''Jack:''' Thank you so much. I'd thought that I wouldn't be coming home today...
:{{DIcon}} How are you feeling?
:'''Jack:''' Ha, it's just a little... *grunt* hurt! Just a little. I'm fine.
:'''Jack:''' I discovered a group of hilichurls congregating in the camp ahead, and suspected that they might be up to something. So I followed them...
:'''Jack:''' ...But I got too close, and they discovered me.
:'''Jack:''' Never mind that, or me &mdash; please help to clear those hilichurls out!
:'''Jack:''' Their numbers are increasing. We can't let their plans come to fruition.
:'''Jack:''' As for me... I can take care of myself.
----
;(Talk to Jack at the Adventurers' Guild headquarters)
:'''Jack:''' You've cleaned them out, I suppose?
:{{DIcon}} Yup.
:'''Jack:''' You really are very strong. If only I could be as outstanding as you...
:'''Jack:''' I, too, would like to leave behind dragon-slaying, world-saving legends, but in the end, I couldn't even beat a pack of hilichurls...
:'''Jack:''' Ugh... Anyway, I... This is embarrassing, but I have something to ask of you...
:'''Jack:''' I actually came to the Thousand Winds Temple because I'm soon to take an Adventure Ranking test...
:'''Jack:''' I thought that the ranking would go much more smoothly if I could show my stuff at this time.
:'''Jack:''' I never thought that I'd not only have nothing to show for it, but almost lose my life in the process as well.
:'''Jack:''' C–Could I ask you not to tell Cyrus about this? I'd truly be in hot soup if this were to affect my ranking...
:{{DIcon}} Your secret's safe with me.
::'''Jack:''' Thank you so much! I promise I won't be so reckless in the future!
:{{DIcon}} This isn't right...
::'''Jack:''' I know it isn't, and Cyrus always says that adventurers should be honest with themselves...
::'''Jack:''' But... *sigh* Forget it. I just hope he won't be too mad at me...

;(Talk to Jack again)
:'''Jack:''' *sigh* I really hope my ranking won't be affected by this...
----
;(Talk to Cyrus)
:'''Cyrus:''' You're back, and so is Jack, I see, though he's limping.
:'''Cyrus:''' What happened out there?
:{{DIcon}} Jack fought bravely.
::'''Cyrus:''' Oh, you fought alongside him? So that's how he was injured.
::'''Cyrus:''' *sigh* Bravery is good... but I'd rather that he were more steady. One can only be an adventurer if one stays alive.
::'''Cyrus:''' Your bravery is commendable as well, traveler. Take this as your reward.
:{{DIcon}} Jack rushed in, and got hurt as a result...
::'''Cyrus:''' So it's as I thought. *sigh* He hasn't been listening to what I always tell him, has he?
::'''Cyrus:''' I understand that he wants to prove himself, but...
::'''Cyrus:''' Forget it. I understand what happened. I'll talk to Jack.
::'''Cyrus:''' This is for you, consider it payment for your adventure.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Fine Opportunity?
|zhs     = 天赐良机？
|zhs_rm  = Tiāncì Liángjī?
|zht     = 天賜良機？
|zht_rm  = Tiāncì Liángjī?
|zh_tl   = A Good Opportunity Given by the Heavens?
|ja      = チャンス到来？
|ja_rm   = Chansu Tourai?
|ja_tl   = Incoming Chance?
|ko      = 하늘이 내린 기회?
|ko_rm   = Haneul-i Naerin Gihoe?
|ko_tl   = Heaven-Sent Opportunity?
|es      = ¿Un obsequio de los cielos?
|es_tl   = A Gift from Heaven?
|fr      = Une occasion unique ?
|fr_tl   = A Unique Occasion?
|ru      = Хорошая возможность?
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = โอกาสที่ฟ้าประทาน?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cơ hội trời ban?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine einmalige Gelegenheit?
|de_tl   = A Unique Opportunity?
|id      = Kesempatan dari Surga?
|id_tl   = A Chance from Heaven?
|pt      = Uma dádiva dos deuses?
|pt_tl   = A Gift from the Gods?
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}