{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02007
|image         = Archon Quest C2A1 A Flower Blooms in a Prison.webp
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia
|part          = 8
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          = A Swordmaster's Path Is Paved With Broken Blades
|next          = Amidst Stormy Judgment
|domain        = Police Detention Center
|exp           = 1025
|mora          = 49,200
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|9}}
|characters    = Hanshirou; Kamisato Ayaka; Kinoshita; Kujou Sara; Maeda; Masakatsu; Okawara Goemon; Paimon; Thoma; Traveler; Yoimiya
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=A Flower Blooms in a Prison|chapter=2|act=1|part=8}}

==Steps==
# Return to the [[Kamisato Estate]] to see [[Kamisato Ayaka]]
# Go to [[Naganohara Fireworks]]
# Go to the [[Police Station]] to help [[Master Masakatsu]]
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Police Detention Center]]
# Find Master Masakatsu
# Rescue Master Masakatsu
# Leave the Police Station
# Return to [[Komore Teahouse]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completion of this quest also starts the Story Quests, [[A Private Commission]] and [[The Firework Girl's Strange Stories]].

==Achievements==
* Finishing the cutscene with Kamisato Ayaka will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Omamori, Justice, Number One]]''.
* Completing the Police Detention Center domain will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Jailhouse Fiesta]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After fulfilling [[Kamisato Ayaka]]'s three wishes, you successfully win her trust. And now the next step is...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Enter Yashiro Commission Headquarters)

:;(Cutscene plays)
:{{A|vo dqaq008 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Ayaka! Guess who fulfilled all your wishes~!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 cs paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Ayaka?
:;(Traveler is getting curious but Thoma pauses the Traveler for a moment before Kamisato Ayaka herself, with elegance, appears in the front of Traveler and Paimon)

:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Traveler, Paimon... It is a pleasure to finally meet you both face-to-face, hehe.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I have heard all about how you helped out three friends. My sincerest thanks to you.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, we didn't really help at all..
:{{DIcon}} The damage done by losing a Vision can't be completely undone.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Yeah... short of getting them their Visions back, it seems like there's no way to really help them...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, Ayaka &mdash; how come this time you get to come out and meet us in person?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hehe, because now that you have done the three things I asked of you, I consider you to be my friends. As you will observe, I dispense with the screen for Thoma, also.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Mm-hmm.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a second, but isn't Thoma your, um... servant? Paimon's happy to help and all, but Paimon sure as heck did not sign up to be a servant!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh...! Ahaha, Paimon you are most entertaining. Thoma is first and foremost my friend, and was so before he ever became my attendant.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, okay then... Ayaka, you seem pretty different out in the open compared to how you are behind the screen. Mmm... Alright, we can be friends.
:{{DIcon}} Alright then.
:{{DIcon}} Friend request accepted.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hehe, thank you both kindly.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Back to the matter at hand. You have now witnessed the pain of those deprived of their Visions... What are your feelings on what you have seen?
:{{DIcon}} I hope they can one day be free from their torment.
:{{DIcon}} It seems to be a fate worse than death.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' *sigh* ...Perhaps, in the eyes of a deity such as the Almighty Shogun, the lives of those who inhabit the world are inconsequential...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thunder's roar, lightning's flash, the wind's assault, and the rain's descent... all these things take place with no regard for the feelings of the common people.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But I believe that surely you understand what they must endure.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It seems that perhaps now, you can appreciate my feelings on all of this. In which case... perhaps you would be willing to reconsider your stance?
:{{DIcon}} I will help you fight the Vision Hunt Decree.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' You will? Really!?
:{{DIcon}} But you must keep the promise you made me.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Naturally, hehe.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Alright, bravo, milady. You were right all along.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 13a.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 13b.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' See... I told you {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} wouldn't reject them. I'd placed my trust in the right person after all.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 1 ayaka 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Now then, given that the remainder of our discussion pertains to matters of a more... confidential nature... perhaps we could move to the Komore Teahouse? We ought not to involve other members of the Yashiro Commission.

:'''''Kamisato Ayaka and Thoma take you once again to Komore Teahouse...'''''

:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, here we are again...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Please, continue without me. I'll keep watch.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what's the deal with this place, anyway? What makes it your favorite meeting spot?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' This is land that was gifted to the Yashiro Commission by the shogun. The Kamisato Clan has the exclusive right to plan, build, and repair any property on this land &mdash; and even to allow or deny access.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Such privileges exist due to the Yashiro Commission's role in managing ceremonial affairs. Oftentimes, it is not appropriate to discuss details in front of bystanders.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh Paimon gets it &mdash; gotta keep a bit of mystery, right?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Once the number of ceremonial affairs conducted in the city began to decline, our forebears built a teahouse here. Only members of the Yashiro Commission are permitted to come and go as they please.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Makes sense. Perfect place for a secret base!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' In any case, we can talk freely here. I presume (Traveler), you have a few questions that you wish to ask me?
:;(The order doesn't matter)
:{{DIcon}} What kind of god is the Raiden Shogun?
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 05a.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The Almighty Shogun... I have seen her on but only a few occasions, most of them formal ceremonies...
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 05a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' She inspires awe, commands respect, and exudes a sense of absolute authority. But as I recall, there was something else about her that struck me even more deeply...
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 05a 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It was her almost complete lack of any emotion. In that sense, she appeared to me to be less of a ruler and more of... well, an executive official, I suppose. Focused exclusively on her single goal of implementing Eternity, acting accordingly without feeling.
:{{DIcon}} Is no one else fighting the Vision Hunt Decree?
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 05b.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The issue is this... For the vast majority of people, the Vision Hunt Decree is something that has no implications whatsoever.
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 05b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' After all, it is but a tiny minority of people who receive Visions. Moreover, it is not unknown for Visions to spark jealousy in others.
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 05b 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Because of this, the attitude of most people towards the Vision Hunt Decree is one of indifference.
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How can they be like that...? Hmph, Paimon's getting mad...
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 05b 3.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Nevertheless, in addition to us, there is also the resistance on Watatsumi Island.
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 paimon 05b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Resistance? You mean, like, an army fighting against the decree?
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 05b 4.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes, many who have lost or fear losing their Visions have rallied together under Sangonomiya on Watatsumi Island to form a resistance group.
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 05b 5.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' To say a little more about Sangonomiya... Historically, there has always been some conflict between them and the Shogunate of Narukami Island due to their different belief systems.
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 05b 6.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But I do wonder whether there may be some other agenda behind their resistance movement, beyond merely fighting the Vision Hunt Decree...
:{{DIcon}} Have you raised a formal objection to the Vision Hunt Decree?
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 05c.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Of course. We have tried on numerous occasions. Unfortunately, each time a proposal to repeal the decree arrives at Tenshukaku, it is promptly vetoed by both the Tenryou Commission and the Kanjou Commission, and subsequently scrapped...
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 05c 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' They invariably adopt a stance of unconditional support for the shogun's decisions. They have no interest in discussing anything.
::{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 05c 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It almost makes one wonder whether they had a hand in the shogun's sudden decision to issue the Vision Hunt Decree...
;(After asked all questions)
:{{DIcon}} I have no further questions.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, ooh, Paimon has a question though!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh? What would you like to know, Paimon?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have you got a plan yet? To fight the Vision Hunt Decree?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' To be honest... we do not.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Please, do not forget that challenging the Vision Hunt Decree is tantamount to challenging a deity. Coming to terms with that is already a difficult step to take.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... So, what're we gonna do?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Well, for the moment, all we can do is to try and reduce the harm that is being caused by this decree.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' For example, by providing Vision bearers with safe refuge, or manufacturing counterfeit Visions for them as a contingency measure.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're telling Paimon that there are people out there who can make fake Visions!?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Don't underestimate the talents of the craftspeople in [[Hanamizaka]]. To the naked eye, their counterfeits are indistinguishable from the genuine article.
:{{DIcon}} Must have been where Venti went...
:{{DIcon}} I kind of want one, too...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The problem we are facing right now is that Master Masakatsu, who was providing us with counterfeit Visions, has recently been arrested by the Tenryou Commission.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh darn! So they found out about it? Ugh...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes... We knew it was not a long-term solution and that it was only a matter of time before it would be exposed... But we cannot simply abandon Master Masakatsu.
:{{DIcon}} He has saved many others.
:{{DIcon}} It is only right that he should be saved, too.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Exactly, I feel the same way. But given mine and Thoma's identities as part of the Yashiro Commission, breaking him out of prison would risk dragging down the reputation of the entire Kamisato Clan should we be caught. That would only serve to cast suspicion on any future activity we might seek to attempt.
:{{DIcon}} So you're offloading that job to me, huh?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hehe, by no means do we intend to place the burden of such a task on your shoulders alone.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 2 ayaka 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' When you are ready, go to Hanamizaka, and look for a fireworks shop run by the Naganohara family. There, you will find someone who can help you.

;(Talk to Ayaka)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq008 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' You want to know who you'll be meeting in Hanamizaka? Let's just say... they'll be easy to find. You'll see what I mean when you get there, hehe.

;(Talk to Thoma at the front of Komore Teahouse porch)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq008 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hey, all finished? I've been keeping watch and I'm happy to report that everything is fine and dandy!
----
;(Go to Naganohara Fireworks)
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 ookawaragoemon 01.ogg}} '''Okawara Goemon:''' Just hand it over, you don't want any trouble with me.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 ookawaragoemon 02.ogg}} '''Okawara Goemon:''' If you think your elemental powers are enough to resist the Vision Hunt Decree, then you'd better think again.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 ookawaragoemon 03.ogg}} '''Okawara Goemon:''' Believe me, you're not the first of your kind we've encountered... And we've seen the same unpleasant outcome time after time. You'd best save yourself the trouble.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 hanshiro 01.ogg}} '''Hanshirou:''' Can't you make an exception? I just got this Vision &mdash; I won't even use it, I promise.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this is the Vision Hunt Decree in action, huh? We can't just sit around and watch things unfold, can we?
:{{DIcon}} Let's move!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Psst...! Hey &mdash; wait...!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? There's someone trying to get our attention.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Come on...! This way...!

:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, what's going on!? Can't you see we need to go help...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Shh! Quiet! Just sit tight and watch for a moment...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! This isn't right, y'know! Just because you don't have a Vision doesn't mean you can sit back and watch others in trouble...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Hey wait... you do have a Vision!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Shh! If you don't keep your voice down, I won't have one much longer!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 hanshiro 02.ogg}} '''Hanshirou:''' Alright, alright... Here... take it.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 ookawaragoemon 04.ogg}} '''Okawara Goemon:''' Hm, wise choice. Alright, let's go!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What should we do now? He's already given up his Vision... Doesn't he know what could happen to him after losing it?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, this is your fault. You're the one who stopped us from interfering!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 hanshiro 03.ogg}} '''Hanshirou:''' Phew! Many thanks, Miss Yoimiya. If you hadn't swapped me a fake just now, I'm sure I would have lost it.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No worries! You put on quite the convincing performance!
:{{DIcon}} So the Vision they took was fake?
:{{DIcon}} Seems we were fooled, too...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh, so that's what's going on here! And to think Paimon was about to unleash Paimonial wrath on Miss Yoimiya... hehehe... sorry about that.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Haha, ahh think nothing of it! I could tell from your reaction we were on the same side &mdash; you just didn't know it, y'know?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Alright &mdash; allow me to introduce myself. I'm Yoimiya, the current owner of Naganohara Fireworks. It ain't much, but it's honest work, hehe. Great to meet ya!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 hanshiro 04.ogg}} '''Hanshirou:''' Practically everyone in Hanamizaka knows Yoimiya. She's the "Queen of the Summer Festival"! Without her and her fireworks, summer on Narukami Island just wouldn't be same.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, that's quite the introduction! Paimon loves fireworks! It's nice to meet you.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hee-hee, stop it Hanshirou, you'll embarrass me!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' As for thanking me, you'd be better off thanking Master Masakatsu. He's the one that gave me the fake Visions in the first place.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' His handiwork allowed me to keep my own Vision. Whew, I can't even imagine trying to run business without it...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 hanshiro 05.ogg}} '''Hanshirou:''' Yes, Master Masakatsu is a good man. It's too bad good people seldom get the recognition they deserve.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Master Masakatsu!?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Huh? Do you guys know him too?
:{{DIcon}} Miss Kamisato mentioned his name.
:{{DIcon}} We were just on our way to rescue him.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You don't say! Then it sounds like the Shirasagi Himegimi has a plan... Awesome! I've been thinking about breaking him out too recently.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But if I just marched straight in there by myself, I'd probably get Miss Kamisato in a whole heap of trouble, hehe...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So... what about if I join you instead!?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure! Welcome to the team! Ayaka told us to go look for help at a fireworks shop. She must have meant you!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hee-hee, seems like I've finally got a new job to do! ...Y'know, besides hiding Vision bearers in my shop, that is...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 16.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So, Master Masakatsu is being held at the Police Station. I've already surveyed the area and found a way in.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, talk about a reliable source. Seems we've got the right person on our team!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 yoimiya 17.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Not bad, huh? Hehe. Let's go as soon as everyone's ready. Don't worry Master Masakatsu, we're on our way!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Time to break him out!
----
;(Entering the domain)
:{{A|vo dqaq008 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Now that we're inside, this place is a whole lot creepier than Paimon imagined... Eh-he...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 4 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' C'mon, this way! As long as we stay quiet, we've got a good chance!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 4 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I certainly wouldn't want to end up locked away in here... Let's find Master Masakatsu and get out of here.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 4 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' We should split up. I've got a "little present" to prepare for Master Masakatsu, hehe... I'll be right back.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You sure? Alright then... Just be careful not to get caught!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 4 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yes, uh &mdash; you too!

;(At the middle of the corridor across the sealed door)
:{{A|vo dqaq008 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Talk about a big door... Seems we need to collect something shaped like magatama in order to open it.

;(At the front of the first sliding door)
:{{A|vo dqaq008 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This wall looks a bit odd... Maybe there's some special trick to it!

;(Facing the Electro-Infused Shogunate Infantry)
:{{A|vo dqaq008 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These guys seem a lot tougher than usual... Paimon wonders if that armor over there has anything to do with the source of their strength?

;(Upon reaching the first shrine)
:{{A|vo dqaq008 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Doesn't that magatama shape look pretty similar to the grooves on the door over there?

;(Going Downstairs)
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shh... quick, hide! Look over there...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That must be Master Masakatsu!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 kinoshita 01.ogg}} '''Kinoshita:''' ...Did you really think that little trick of yours could fool us?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 maeda 01.ogg}} '''Maeda:''' Hehe... locking you up was just the beginning.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 masakatsu 01.ogg}} '''Masakatsu:''' ...Argh... No...!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh no... Those Tenryou Commission brutes are torturing him.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we don't come up with a way to break him out fast, then... Eh!? Yoimiya, when did you get back here...
:{{DIcon}} We can only grit our teeth for now...
:{{DIcon}} We need to ensure we have a means of escape.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Ugh... I can't bear to watch. If anything happens to Master Masakatsu, our whole plan will have been for nothing...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Hey, you there! What are you doing!?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 kinoshita 02.ogg}} '''Kinoshita:''' Ah! M&mdash;Ma'am!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 maeda 02.ogg}} '''Maeda:''' W&mdash;We were just teaching him a little lesson... That's all.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Who's that?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That's Kujou Sara, adopted daughter of the Kujou Clan of the Tenryou Commission. She's also a general in the Shogun's Army. What's she doing here...?
:{{DIcon}} I think Kazuha mentioned her before...
:{{DIcon}} She's also enforcing the Vision Hunt Decree.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 kujousara 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Make way, let me have a look at him.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I'm sure you're well aware that torture is strictly against military regulations.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 kinoshita 03.ogg}} '''Kinoshita:''' Y&mdash;Yes, ma'am.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' If you are unashamed of such disgraceful action, then you are also unworthy of the Tenryou Commission itself! Do I make myself clear!?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 maeda 03.ogg}} '''Maeda:''' Y&mdash;Yes, ma'am. I&mdash;It won't happen again!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, Paimon sure wouldn't want to get on her bad side...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hey, this is our chance! Let's move while they aren't watching Master Masakatsu.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yoimiya! Are you sure now's the right time!?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' ''(stepping on the loose wood plank, unintentionally giving off the sound)'' Ah...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Who is that...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 kujousara 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Quick, go and investigate.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 kinoshita 04.ogg}} '''Guards:''' Yes, ma'am!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The&mdash;They're coming! Quick &mdash; hide!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sorry sorry sorry! I didn't mean to...
:{{DIcon}} We're in trouble now.
:{{DIcon}} They'll find us for sure if we don't do something.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Don't worry, I've got us covered. Time for my "little present..."
:'''Fireworks:''' BOOM!!!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wha&mdash;! Fireworks!?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 kinoshita 05.ogg}} '''Kinoshita:''' Huh? Was that an explosion!?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 maeda 04.ogg}} '''Maeda:''' I&mdash;It sounded like... fireworks?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 kinoshita 06.ogg}} '''Kinoshita:''' Quick, let's hurry!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, the fireworks were enough to distract them! Maybe more than enough, hehe...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, fireworks aren't just for festivals y'know.
:{{DIcon}} Nice work!
:{{DIcon}} I knew we could count on you!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hee-hee, I was particularly proud of this batch, I decided to&mdash;
:'''Fireworks:''' POW!!! CRACKLE CRACKLE... FIZZZZ!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 kinoshita 07.ogg}} '''Guards:''' Wahhhhhh!!!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh-he... Uh, Yoimiya... this is turning into a bit of a fireworks display, hehe...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Well... fireworks are my craft after all. Every batch has to be spectacular! Hee-hee...
:{{DIcon}} I'm beginning to think this wasn't only intended as a distraction...
:{{DIcon}} Well, those guards deserved what they got...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, the coast is clear. Now's our chance!

;(Rescue Master Masakatsu)
:{{A|vo dqaq008 6 masakatsu 01.ogg}} '''Masakatsu:''' Y&mdash;Yoimiya? Is that you?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 6 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Master Masakatsu! Sorry we took so long... Ugh... those awful guards!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' C'mon, we've got no time to lose! They could be back any minute...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh...
:{{DIcon}} You were over there watching us this whole time, weren't you?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 6 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Yes. Leave, before I let my judgment get the better of me.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 6 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' He's in serious condition, be sure he gets immediate medical attention.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 6 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But remember...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 6 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Once he's recovered, it won't be long until I bring him right back.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 6 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Uh, well... Ahem, you can bet we'll do all we can to keep that from happening.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you...
:{{DIcon}} We will protect Master Masakatsu.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 6 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hm... leave this place.
----

;(After leaving the domain)
:{{A|vo dqaq008 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew! We're finally outta that creepy place.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 7 masakatsu 01.ogg}} '''Masakatsu:''' Yes... Finally, I've made it out of there...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 7 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Master Masakatsu &mdash; how do you feel? Can you hold on?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 7 masakatsu 02.ogg}} '''Masakatsu:''' Don't worry, I think I can make it to the infirmary without keeling over.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 7 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Thank you, all of you! I'll take him to get treated. I'll treat you to a round of drinks once this is all over!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry about us, just take care of Master Masakatsu!

:{{A|vo dqaq008 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, good thing we were able to rescue him.
:{{DIcon}} Luck was on our side this time.
:{{DIcon}} All thanks to that person.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, Kujou Sara... Do you think she was making up for how the guards were treating him?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It seems as though there are some okay people among the ranks of the Tenryou Commission... Oh! Though Paimon would never agree with their actions in the Vision Hunt Decree, of course.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How about we go tell Ayaka and the others the good news?
----

;(Return to Komore Teahouse)
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I see, so Kujou Sara stayed her hand. It would appear she still has some honor to her.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I wonder if we should try establishing contact with her... Perhaps we could coax out some information.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Unlikely.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Don't forget, Kujou Sara is also carrying out the Vision Hunt Decree. She obeys the orders of the Raiden Shogun without question.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' In her eyes, Master Masakatsu is of no threat to the decree. This is why she was so willing to allow his escape.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' If our true motives were ever divulged, she would act against us without a second thought.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' True... Though if you ask me, Master Masakatsu's release is an unexpected blessing.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' We are now one step closer to victory... and we couldn't have done it without Yoimiya and (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hehe, you're turning out to be even more reliable than we expected.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for the compliment.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee, don't mention it.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Indeed, things may have turned out very differently this time without the help of (Traveler).
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But if we wish to mount any sizable resistance against the Vision Hunt Decree... there is still much to be done.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It is time we make ready our next set of plans...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' There's no need to rush, milady.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Things seem to have taken a turn for the better, at least. Not only have we rescued Master Masakatsu, but our list of allies appears to be growing.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Ah yes, which reminds me... The Tenryou Commission seems to be making preparations for a "celebration"... They call it a "ceremony" of sorts.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' And the number of samurai out enforcing the Vision Hunt Decree seems to be waning. The days ahead may be more peaceful than usual.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' A "ceremony," you say? Why would such a task be left to the Tenryou Commission?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I don't know, but I'm sure it has nothing to do with us. Anyway, with the Tenryou Commission busy with preparations, we should have a little more breathing room than usual.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hmm, you do present a good point.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Being in a constant state of alert will only tire us further, perhaps a period of rest is in order.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thoma, what would you suggest?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'd say a celebratory feast is in order. Might I suggest an evening of hot pot together!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Funny enough, I learned a new [[Hot Pot Game|"hot pot game"]] recently. I'm sure you'll find it quite amusing!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A hot pot game? What's that? Well, as long as it has to do with eating...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Simply put, every person prepares an ingredient to add to the hot pot. Once the meal begins, we add all the ingredients together.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 14.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Then we take it in turns to close our eyes, pick an ingredient out of the pot, taste it, and guess whose ingredient it was.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 15.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Anyone who guesses correctly can go again, and whoever finishes the meal with the most points is declared the winner. Tradition even has it that the winner receives blessings from the God of Hot Pot.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 16.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Don't you think it sounds like fun? Hehe, I've been wanting to give it a try... In fact, I've already got my ingredients prepared!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You really do wanna play, huh!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, sounds like we've got our work cut out for us! Time to gather some ingredients. But... what should we choose?
:{{DIcon}} Let's stick to the classics...
::{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see what we've got here. Hmm, fresh fish fillets, shrimp, bamboo shoots...
::{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nice! You can't go wrong with these. Paimon can't wait!
::'''''Everyone enjoys a normal and harmless round of hot pot...'''''
::{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon never thought we'd be the only ones to actually put anything edible into the pot... Don't go wasting the rest now!
::{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05b 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* This was possibly the scariest-looking hot pot Paimon's ever seen... Fortunately, Thoma ended up eating all the weird stuff.
::{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17b 1.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You can say that again... But hey, at least I got the most points... Ugh, wait a moment... that doesn't feel good...
::{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 11b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I'm afraid it's your own fault for adding all those strange ingredients Thoma. The soup flavor wasn't quite the same afterwards...
::{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 11b 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Even with (Traveler)'s normal ingredients, I still couldn't guess any of them correctly.
:{{DIcon}} Let's be team daredevil...
::{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon proposes we gather raging demon-level Jueyun Chilis, super salty Ham, Mist Flower Corollas...
::{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is already shaping up to be a hot pot to remember...
::'''''Everyone enjoys a questionable and borderline hazardous round of hot pot...'''''
::{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17a 1.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Ugh, my stomach! It feels like Yoimiya's fireworks are going off inside me...
::{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05a 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who would've guessed that Thoma would be the winner...? He ate practically all those weird ingredients without a second thought! Uh, Thoma? You okay buddy?
::{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17a 2.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Salt-crusted herring, unripe Lavender Melon, flash-boiled dango... Oh, and whatever that thing was that nearly froze my tongue off...
::{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17a 3.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hold up, my life is starting to flash before my eyes... Time I call it a night, everyone...
::{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 11a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hehe, you've only got yourself to blame Thoma... All those strange things you ate were ingredients you added yourself.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05a 4.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05b 5.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' But weren't you the one who added those little cakes Ayaka? Hehe, I think (Traveler) ended up eating one.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05a 5.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05b 6.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' Boiling cakes in hot pot... bleurgh... think of the texture...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 11a 2.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 11b 3.ogg}}--> '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I must apologize... To be perfectly honest, I thought the cakes would be a tasty addition.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17a 4.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17b 2.ogg}}--> '''Thoma:''' Uh oh, I'm definitely not okay... Ugh, I need to lie down.
:'''''Some time passes.../After a while...'''''
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17a 5.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17b 3.ogg}}--> '''Thoma:''' Whew... I feel like a new man.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05a 6.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05b 7.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' Uh, you know, Thoma... all you had to do was guess wrong on purpose and it would've been someone else's turn. Talk about being competitive...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17a 6.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17b 4.ogg}}--> '''Thoma:''' Haha, guess I've been feeling unlucky recently and wanted the God of Hot Pot's blessing.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17a 7.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17b 5.ogg}}--> '''Thoma:''' Perhaps I did get a little carried away... Still, I couldn't be beaten at my own game first time around!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17a 8.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17b 6.ogg}}--> '''Thoma:''' I think my luck has already taken a turn for the better &mdash; I can sense it!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17a 9.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17b 7.ogg}}--> '''Thoma:''' So without further ado, I hereby declare that the winner of today's hot pot challenge is... me!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05a 7.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05b 8.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' Oh brother...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17a 10.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17b 8.ogg}}--> '''Thoma:''' Ahh... good effort team, another important job taken care of. Next on the agenda: some well-earned rest and relaxation.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 11a 3.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 11b 4.ogg}}--> '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes, if the Tenryou Commission truly is as busy with preparations as Thoma claims, then some rest would be a welcome change of pace.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 11a 4.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 ayaka 11b 5.ogg}}--> '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' And with the extra time, there are some other matters I wish to attend to...
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17a 11.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17b 9.ogg}}--> '''Thoma:''' Let's all take some much-needed time off. After a few days' rest, we'll reconvene at the Komore Teahouse and discuss our next operation.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17a 12.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17b 10.ogg}}--> '''Thoma:''' Downtime is hard to come by these days, so be sure to make the most of it!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17a 13.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17b 11.ogg}}--> '''Thoma:''' I'll tidy things up here and start thinking about our ingredients for our next round, hehe.
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05a 8.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05b 9.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' There's gonna be a sequel!?
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17a 14.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 thoma 17b 12.ogg}}--> '''Thoma:''' Sure, why not! We should play again now that everyone knows the rules. I'll see you all later!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05a 9.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05b 10.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' Bye, Thoma!
:{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05a 10.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dqaq008 8 paimon 05b 11.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' Hmm, seems we won't need to be visiting the Komore Teahouse for a while. Why don't we go explore some other places!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Flower Blooms in a Prison
|zhs     = 于狱中绽放之花
|zhs_rm  = Yú Yùzhōng Zhànfàng zhī Huā
|zht     = 於獄中綻放之花
|zht_rm  = Yú Yùzhōng Zhànfàng zhī Huā
|zh_tl   = Flower that Blooms in a Prison
|ja      = 獄中に咲く花
|ja_rm   = Gokuchuu ni Saku Hana
|ja_tl   = Flower that Blooms in Prison
|ko      = 옥중에서 피어나는 꽃
|ko_rm   = Okjung-eseo Pieonaneun Kkot
|ko_tl   = Flower that Blooms in Prison
|es      = De la celda brota una flor
|es_tl   = A Flower Blooms From The Cell
|fr      = Une fleur qui s'épanouit dans une prison
|fr_tl   = A Flower that Blooms in a Prison
|ru      = Цветок распускается в темнице
|ru_tl   = A Flower Blooms in a Prison
|th      = ดอกไม้ที่ผลิบานในแดนโหด
|th_rm   = Dokmai thi Phliban Nai Daen Hot
|th_tl   = A Flower That Blooms in a Unmerciful Land
|vi      = Đóa Hoa Nở Trong Ngục
|vi_tl   = Flower that Blooms in a Prison
|de      = Eine Blume blüht in einem Gefängnis
|de_tl   = A Flower Blooms in a Prison
|id      = Bunga Mekar Dalam Penjara
|id_tl   = A Flower Blooms in a Prison
|id_note = Another way to read this is ''A Blooming Flower in a Prison''. This is possible due to lexical ambiguity in the "Bunga Mekar."
|pt      = Uma Flor Desabrocha em Uma Prisão
|pt_tl   = A Flower Blooms in a Prison
|tr      = Hapishanede Açan Bir Çiçek
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un fiore che sboccia in una prigione
|it_tl   = A Flower that Blooms in a Prison
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[ja:獄中に咲く花]]
[[pt-br:Uma Flor Desabrocha em Uma Prisão]]
[[ru:Цветок распускается в темнице]]