{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74009
|image         = World Quest A Fontainian Message.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Luca; Paimon; Traveler; Sonny; Virgil
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Palais Mermonia]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Palais Mermonia
|prev          = Aqueous Tidemarks
|next          = Vagrants and Scamps
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Primogem*30;Mora*15,000;Hero's Wit*2
}}
'''''A Fontainian Message''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Court of Fontaine: Palais Mermonia]], [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
* Start the quest by talking to Luca and Sonny (marked as ???) at the start location of the previous quest.
# Head to your destination
# Talk to the two people
# Have a "chat" with them 
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Electro Potioneer;Treasure Hoarders: Hydro Potioneer;Treasure Hoarders: Seaman; Treasure Hoarders: Crusher;Treasure Hoarders: Marksman}}
#* Wave 2: 
#** {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Raptor|text=Virgil &mdash; Reliable Partner}}
# Talk to [[Virgil]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* [[Luca]] and [[Sonny]] will fight alongside the player in step 3 as {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Pugilist}} and {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Scout}}, respectively.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|A Fontainian Message (Achievement)}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You meet two people where you first met Virgil, and they have the same goal. They seem... nice. It's time to get an explanation from Virgil.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Sonny)
:'''Sonny:''' Now, this is a most serendipitous meeting. Won't you agree, my dear Luca?
:'''Luca:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Who are you?
:'''Sonny:''' Apologies. Look at me, beginning a conversation without even introducing myself. I am Sonny, the one they sometimes call the "White Glove." My friend here is Luca the Fisherman. He's pretty famous in certain circles.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, hello! Paimon is...
:'''Sonny:''' It's most alright. I know that you are Paimon, and this {{MC|m=blond|f=blonde}} traveler is {{Traveler}}.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? You know us already?
:'''Sonny:''' But of course! It's just that before today, my knowledge of you was much like my knowledge of the Chief Justice. In other words, I knew of you, but you did not know of me.
:'''Sonny:''' With your fame and accomplishments, it is only natural that news of your arrival would reach us as soon as you stepped foot in Fontaine.
:{{DIcon}} We're that famous?
:'''Sonny:''' Ah, you're too humble. How should I put it?&nbsp;...Hmm, to certain people, your arrival in Fontaine would be as if someone had just set off a bomb on the stage of Opera Epiclese.
:'''Sonny:''' &mdash;Of course, I mean this in only the most positive way. Don't you agree, my dear Luca?
:'''Paimon:''' Er, but how can a bomb going off ever be a good thing...
:'''Sonny:''' Hm... I'm not very good with words. How would you put it, my dear Luca?
:'''Luca:''' Lyney and Lynette's magic show. Blasting everything wide open to accomplish the impossible. Spine-tingling experience.
:'''Sonny:''' Precisely! See, I would have never thought to put it like that.
:'''Paimon:''' I&mdash;If you say so...
:'''Paimon:''' Why are you called the "White Glove," though? Paimon doesn't see a glove at all...
:'''Sonny:''' Ooh, now that's a hard question. How should I explain?
:'''Sonny:''' Imagine, if you will, that you're wearing a white glove. If something dirty were to get on your hand, then a dark mark would be left on the glove. My duty... would be to find that dark mark and remove it from view.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh... So you're something like a cleaner?
:'''Sonny:''' Exactly, my dear Paimon! See, I was never able to so succinctly summarize the nature of my work.
:'''Paimon:''' Ahh, so people like you are the reason why the streets of the Court of Fontaine are always so well-kept and tidy!
:'''Sonny:''' Hahaha, that's what I like to hear! Yes, you may understand it like that.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, that makes sense to Paimon... But why would a cleaner need a knife?
:'''Sonny:''' You may think of it as a small tool of the trade that we bring out when there are marks that are particularly hard to remove.
:'''Paimon:''' Got it, thanks! So... is your friend Luca here "Luca the Fisherman" because he's really good at fishing?
:'''Sonny:''' Hmm &mdash; that's only a part of the story, I am afraid. See, there are many kinds of fish in Fontaine as well.
:'''Sonny:''' And Luca here is really experienced at teaching people to spend some quality time with all the different kinds of fish. Am I right, my dear Luca?
:'''Luca:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Paimon doesn't get it... If that's the case, then&mdash;
:'''Sonny:''' I must say, dear Paimon, that you've really got a knack for asking the most difficult and fascinating questions. It would be most wonderful if we could have a longer conversation, where I would be able to answer everything to your full satisfaction.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, it's okay to stop asking.
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? Alright then... Sonny and Luca, is there something you'd like to ask us?
:{{DIcon}} Anything we can help with?
:'''Sonny:''' You see, we're extremely intrigued by the practice of diving. Fontaine's waters are full of priceless treasures, left by nature and our ancestors alike.
:'''Sonny:''' We heard that you had made a good friend recently, and even went for a dive with him. Your powers were such that you didn't even need to use any diving equipment, isn't that right, my dear Luca?
:'''Luca:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} You want to ask about Virgil.
:'''Sonny:''' Yes. We want to ask about Virgil.
:'''Paimon:''' Virgil... That liar and traitor! Ahh, just remembering him makes Paimon mad!
:{{Black Screen|You recount your experiences with Virgil to Sonny the White Glove and Luca the Fisherman.}}
:'''Sonny:''' ...I see, I see. Thank you for telling us all of this.
:'''Paimon:''' You're welcome! Hmph, Paimon hasn't forgotten a single thing about that guy.
:'''Sonny:''' We are, of course, exceedingly grateful that you were willing to share the whole story with us. However, from my own perspective, I am even more relieved that you do not consider Virgil to be a friend. If that hadn't been the case...
:'''Sonny:''' Hmm, maybe I can put it like this: had you seen him as a friend, things would have become quite awkward for both of us. Isn't that right, my dear Luca?
:'''Luca:''' It could make things difficult.
:'''Sonny:''' I agree, I agree. Thank you so much.
:'''Paimon:''' What are you talking about...?
:{{DIcon}} They are Virgil's enemies.
:'''Paimon:''' Ahh!
:'''Sonny:''' Your words wound me, {{MC|m=my dear sir|f=my lovely lady}}. I have many friends and not a single enemy. Virgil is just one of my many friends &mdash; and ah, speaking of dear Virgil...
:'''Sonny:''' I think it's about time that we have a serious "talk" with him. Surely you understand what I mean, dear {{Traveler}}?
:'''Sonny:''' Of course, this is also so that we can get back at him for what he's done to you. It's the least we can do for our honored guests, don't you think?
:'''Paimon:''' Er, Paimon is lost...
:{{DIcon}} He's the White Glove. That's all you have to know.
::'''Paimon:''' Ermm... Okay...
:{{DIcon}} It's okay to not understand everything, Paimon...
::'''Sonny:''' Life can often become extremely boring when you understand everything in this world, isn't that right, my {{MC|m=good sir|f=lovely lady}}?
:'''Sonny:''' We've already found the stronghold of Virgil and the rest of his friends. Why don't we meet up there?
:{{DIcon}} Why do we also need to go...
::'''Sonny:''' My {{MC|m=good sir|f=lovely lady}}! With how much Virgil has wronged you, we cannot possibly have... our conversation with him without informing you of our plans beforehand.
::'''Luca:''' ...
::'''Sonny:''' See, Luca agrees as well.
:{{DIcon}} Alright then. Let's go.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! Paimon wants to talk to Virgil too! He has to make a formal apology to us!
:'''Sonny:''' Hahaha, you are too kind. Then let's meet up at our destination.
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Sonny:''' Dear Paimon, and my {{MC|m=good sir|f=lovely lady}}.
:'''Sonny:''' This is the stronghold that Virgil has been using as of late.
:'''Sketchy-looking person:''' I swear, why is Virgil still not back yet...
:'''Dangerous-looking person:''' If he's just gonna keep us waiting, I might not be able to... hold myself back from this shipment of Sinthe...
:'''Untrustworthy-looking person:''' Hey, cut it out! That shipment took us an arm and a leg to get. Virgil will have no mercy for you if you were to just take it without his permission.
:'''Sonny:''' What a pity. It would seem that my dear friend Virgil hasn't returned to the stronghold yet. We can still have a chat with these guys, however.
:'''Paimon:''' Er, but it doesn't look like they're in the mood for a chat...
:'''Sonny:''' Hm, but I think they may change their minds soon enough. What do you think, my dear Luca?
:'''Luca:''' No problem.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Are you sure that there'd be no problem? Paimon thinks they'll probably just try to beat you up!
:'''Sonny:''' Oh no! You are too considerate, dear Paimon. Something like that would be most unfortunate indeed.
:'''Sonny:''' ...For them, of course.

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Untrustworthy-looking person:''' Curses! It's "The White Glove"... and... oh Archons, "The Fisherman" too!
:'''Dangerous-looking person:''' Oh no, no, no... The Fisherman, what is the Fisherman doing here!?

;(Defeat the Treasure Hoarders)
:'''Virgil:''' {{Traveler}}? What are you... and The White Glove and the Fisherman...

;(After defeating Virgil)
:'''Virgil:''' Please let me explain... This is all a misunderstanding...
:'''Virgil:''' Mr. Sonny... You see, we only got into this business because we heard there was Mora to be made, and since the higher-ups didn't agree, we figured... We figured we could just earn the money first, and then turn all of the profits over, yeah, that's exactly it!
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, he's totally ignoring Paimon!
:'''Virgil:''' I have no complaints against the organization, none at all... Oh right, I was also tricked by these crooks! That's the only reason at all why I did something so foolish...
:'''Sonny:''' Impressive, very impressive. {{Traveler}}, you are every inch as strong as the stories have made you out to be. Don't you agree, my dear Luca?
:'''Luca:''' Super strong. Incredibly formidable.
:'''Virgil:''' Please, if you still remember anything about the time we spent together... Mr. Sonny... Mr. Luca...
:'''Luca:''' ...
:'''Virgil:''' Argh! Please, please no...
:'''Sonny:''' Luca, our guests are still here. Let's not do anything discourteous that might bring down their mood.
:'''Luca:''' Understood.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! See the errors of your ways now, Virgil?
:'''Virgil:''' Ahh, it was my fault, it was all my fault... Please, have mercy...
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, at least you've admitted that you have done something wrong. Now make sure you won't do it again!
:'''Sonny:''' My dear Virgil would never do something like that again. Paimon, {{Traveler}}, I can promise you that on the honor of Sonny the White Glove, as well as that of my father and son.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go, Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} What are you going to do now?
::'''Sonny:''' Life can often become extremely boring when you understand everything in this world, isn't that right, my {{MC|m=good sir|f=lovely lady}}?
::'''Sonny:''' And if you must know, we will have... a long and very serious chat with him. We will not take any more of your time, however.
:'''Paimon:''' Mhm! Thank you so much, Sonny and Luca. It seems that there are more good than bad people in Fontaine, after all!
:'''Sonny:''' Farewell, dear Paimon, and my {{MC|m=good sir|f=lovely lady}}. I hope there'll come a day when we'll be able to work together again.
:'''Virgil:''' Eeek...
:;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Sonny or Luca, optional)
:'''Sonny:''' Alright, my dear Virgil... You've really put us through a lot of trouble. Now then, what should we do with you?
:'''Virgil:''' S&mdash;Sorry...
:'''Sonny:''' This won't do, this won't do at all. You know full well that time flies, and it is now too late for you to turn back. Our organization has a justice code all on our own, and one of our most important rules is that there are some trades that you just never do.
:'''Virgil:''' But... But Mr. Sonny, please just listen to me, the profit margin on this, it's just...
:'''Sonny:''' Ah, not this again. Mora, Mora, Mora &mdash; is there anything you care about other than Mora? What about your pride as a citizen of Fontaine? What about your conscience as you watch our countrymen turn into husks of themselves from this drink?
:'''Luca:''' Bah!
:'''Sonny:''' Oho? How shocking, even Luca is showing intense emotion in response to your words. You see, my dear Virgil, you've truly accomplished the impossible.
:'''Virgil:''' Mr. Sonny, I... Please believe me, i&mdash;it's all because of what those guys said, they lied to me, I&mdash;I would not have done anything if not for...
:'''Sonny:''' Silence, you worthless dross!
:'''Virgil:''' Argh!
:'''Sonny:''' You're the exact kind of lowlife I've got no time for. Even now, you're still trying to lie to me? Huh? Are you beyond dumb, or do you think I'm dumb? Not so talkative now, are you?
:'''Sonny:''' You even tried to hurt {{Traveler}}. Did you have even the faintest inkling of who you were asked to deal with? To think that he could have trained someone as clueless as you... I've really got to have a good conversation with him...
:'''Sonny:''' But that will not be something you'll need to worry about, my dear Virgil.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The style of the dialogue and the character names "{{w|List of The Godfather characters#Virgil Sollozzo|Virgil}}", "{{w|Sonny Corleone|Sonny}}", and "{{w|Luca Brasi|Luca}}" are references to the film ''{{w|The Godfather}}''.
* The quest name "A Fontanian Message" is a reference to the phrase "a Sicilian message," also popularized by ''The Godfather''.


==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/9WKITliNmHY
|caption1 = Guide: A Fontainian Message
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = A Fontainian Message
|zhs      = 一条枫丹信息
|zhs_rm   = Yītiáo Fēngdān Xìnxī
|zht      = 一則楓丹訊息
|zht_rm   = Yīzé Fēngdān Xùnxí
|zh_tl    = A Message From Fontaine
|ja       = フォンテーヌからのメッセージ
|ja_rm    = Fonteenu kara no Messeeji
|ja_tl    = A Message from Fontaine
|ko       = 폰타인으로부터<->의 메시지
|ko_tl    = A Message From Fontaine
|es       = Un mensaje de Fontaine
|es_tl    = A Message from Fontaine
|fr       = Un message fontainois
|fr_tl    = A Fontainian Message
|ru       = Фонтейнское послание
|ru_tl    = A Fontainian Message
|th       = ข่าวสารจาก Fontaine
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Thông Điệp Của Fontaine
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Eine Nachricht aus Fontaine
|de_tl    = A Message From Fontaine
|id       = Pesan dari Fontaine
|id_tl    = A Message From Fontaine
|pt       = Uma Mensagem de Fontaine
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Bir Fontainelinin Mesajı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Messaggio di un abitante di Fontaine
|it_tl    = Message from an Inhabitant of Fontaine
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

[[es:Un mensaje de Fontaine]]