{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Inazuma
|chapter       = Gorou
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Canine General's Special Operations
|description   = While writing replies, Gorou encounters a letter from one of his subordinates and is once again troubled...
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Accidental Encounter
|next          = 
|characters    = Gorou; Traveler; Kuroda; Denjirou; Toshihiko; Tsuneo; Hiroaki
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''A Friend's Path''' is a quest in [[Gorou]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[The Canine General's Special Operations]].

==Steps==
# Hand the finished replies over to Yae Publishing House
#Chat with the soldiers on Watatsumi Island

===Those Who Depart===
# Go with Gorou to look for Hiroaki

==Dialogue==
===A Friend's Path===
{{Quest Description|While writing replies, Gorou encounters a letter from one of his subordinates and is once again troubled...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Hand the finished replies over to Yae Publishing House)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902701 kuroda 01.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Great, that's all the replies for this round accounted for.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902701 kuroda 02.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Thank you for your hard work, Ms. Hi&mdash; Mr. Gorou.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902701 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Think nothing of it. I agreed to help, so it's only right that I do the best I can.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902701 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' (Traveler), could I trouble you to come back to Watatsumi Island with me?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902701 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I want to find that soldier. Not to persuade him to stay, I just... I don't want him to leave without saying goodbye.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902701 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' [[Kazuha]] once told me that the bonds between people whose paths have crossed can never be broken, even after they part ways.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902701 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But... maybe I'm scared he might be wrong. People can change quickly, and I worry that the next time I meet my comrade who fought so bravely alongside me, there will already be some distance between us.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go visit them together.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902701 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Great. Then let's head off whenever you're ready.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Have a little chat with some of the troops on Watatsumi Island to help soothe Gorou's heart.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Chat with the soldiers on Watatsumi Island)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 denjirou 01.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' General Gorou, and... Captain of Swordfish II?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 denjirou 02.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' General, Captain, are you here to inspect the camp?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Uh...not this time. I just thought I'd come by to catch up while everyone has some downtime.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 toshihiko 01.ogg}} '''Toshihiko:''' Certainly, General Gorou! Anything you want to discuss, we'll share whatever we know!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 toshihiko 02.ogg}} '''Toshihiko:''' But we haven't been out of the camp lately, so we don't have a whole lot of interesting stories...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Actually, I've had something on my mind, and wanted to ask everyone's thoughts on the matter.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' You see, after the war, Her Excellency streamlined the army, and a lot of people were transferred to other duties.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Do you still have much contact with each other?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 denjirou 03.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' To be honest... not much.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 denjirou 04.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' We're so busy even just with training and patrolling that it's almost impossible to squeeze in the time to meet up.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 denjirou 05.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' We have holidays, but we usually use them to go home and spend time with our nearest and dearest. Besides, everyone's vacations come at different times. Our schedules rarely overlap.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 toshihiko 03.ogg}} '''Toshihiko:''' Yeah, I'm busy when they're free, and they're busy when I'm free.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 toshihiko 04.ogg}} '''Toshihiko:''' Anyway, even if we did manage to meet up &mdash; what then? We all do different jobs now, and we all have new friends who aren't mutually acquainted. I'm not sure what we'd talk about.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So that's really how it goes, huh...
:{{DIcon}} We all go through it.
:{{DIcon}} It's part of life.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I know, it's okay, I just... it just seems a pity, that's all.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 denjirou 06.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' You know... having said all that, there's something else that I've always felt about this.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Really?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 denjirou 07.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' Yes. I feel that no matter how long we're apart, and no matter what we might go through in the meantime, all of us will be straight back here if Watatsumi Island is ever in danger.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 denjirou 08.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' Even if we've all changed beyond recognition, we can always trust that we've got each other's backs. That's one thing that's never going to change!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 toshihiko 05.ogg}} '''Toshihiko:''' We're your troops, General Gorou. You trained us, took us into battle, and led the way as we charged against the enemy.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 toshihiko 06.ogg}} '''Toshihiko:''' Even if we seldom keep in contact now, we are still brothers in arms. If you say the word, we will all pick up our weapons again at a moment's notice.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 toshihiko 07.ogg}} '''Toshihiko:''' Long live the resistance!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Heh... hahaha.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yes, that's the way it should be. Long live the resistance!
:{{DIcon}} Long live the resistance!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I won't disturb you any further. You guys keep training hard. Regarding everything else, I'm sure it'll all be fine.

:'''''After joking around with the soldiers for a time, you hear approaching footsteps...'''''

:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 tsuneo 01.ogg}} '''Tsuneo:''' Ah, General Gorou. You're here.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 tsuneo 02.ogg}} '''Tsuneo:''' I believe Hiroaki's been hoping to catch you. He's been waiting at the camp for a long time, but never saw you return.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 tsuneo 03.ogg}} '''Tsuneo:''' Are you planning to head back to camp later? If you're busy, I can go and let him know so he's not waiting there in vain.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Tell him I'll be right over.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I know what I have to do now... Come with me (Traveler), let's head to the camp.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Those Who Depart===
{{Quest Description|update|No longer feeling lost, Gorou decides to face his subordinate's request head on.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go with Gorou to look for Hiroaki)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 gorou 13.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Denjirou is right. No matter what changes the future may bring, we will always have each other's backs.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902702 gorou 14.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Sure, there may be some awkward silences when we meet again after a long time, but in no time at all we'd be the best of friends again.
----
;(Talk to Hiroaki)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 hiroaki 01.ogg}} '''Hiroaki:''' General Gorou, I...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 hiroaki 02.ogg}} '''Hiroaki:''' I... I would like to request permission to leave the resistance, Sir!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 hiroaki 03.ogg}} '''Hiroaki:''' I know this may seem very abrupt, and in fact I have only just made the decision...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It's alright.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 hiroaki 04.ogg}} '''Hiroaki:''' Back then... I had so much hatred for the Vision Hunt Decree, and so much disappointment in Narukami Island for supporting it. But after the war ended, I wanted to go back and visit... but I still couldn't make up my mind...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 hiroaki 05.ogg}} '''Hiroaki:''' Thanks to Ms. Hina's encouragement, I was finally able to find the courage to talk to you about it.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 hiroaki 06.ogg}} '''Hiroaki:''' Of course, if you disapprove, I'll obey your orders. I am your subordinate, after all.
:{{DIcon}} Ms. Hina?
:{{DIcon}} I don't recognize that name...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Ms. Hina? Who's that?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 hiroaki 07.ogg}} '''Hiroaki:''' It's a long story...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Forget it, never mind her. I approve your application to leave the resistance.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 hiroaki 08.ogg}} '''Hiroaki:''' General Gorou... I...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Come on, don't look so down. It's not like we're never going to see each other again.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' If you ever have the time, you should come back and visit Watatsumi Island. There is no need to limit yourself to a specific place &mdash; just do what you want to do.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' No matter where we are, we will always be comrades.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 hiroaki 09.ogg}} '''Hiroaki:''' ...Yes, General!

:'''''You send the soldiers off to the seashore...'''''

:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 hiroaki 10.ogg}} '''Hiroaki:''' I'll take my leave then. Take care of yourself, General Gorou!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Take care!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' That was... that was okay.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Or should I say... it's for the best? (Traveler).
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1902703 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' This is how it should be... it should leave you with a smile on your face, just like this.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: The Smiling Send-Off===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = The Smiling Send-Off
|character       = Gorou
|act             = 1
|description     = "We smile when we part, so that we may smile when we meet again."
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Friend's Path
|zhs     = 朋友之道
|zhs_rm  = Péngyǒu zhī Dào
|zht     = 朋友之道
|zht_rm  = Péngyǒu zhī Dào
|zh_tl   = The Way of Friends
|ja      = 友達の道
|ja_rm   = Tomodachi no Michi
|ja_tl   = A Friend's Path
|ko      = 친구의 의미
|ko_rm   = Chingu-ui Uimi
|ko_tl   = The Meaning of Friend
|es      = El camino de la amistad
|es_tl   = The Path of Friendship
|fr      = La voie de l'amitié
|fr_tl   = The Path of Friendship
|ru      = Путь друга
|ru_tl   = A Friend's Path
|th      = หนทางแห่งมิตรแท้
|th_rm   = Hon Thang haeng Mit Thae
|th_tl   = The Path of A Good Friend
|vi      = Đạo Bằng Hữu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Weg zur Freundschaft
|de_tl   = The Path to Friendship
|id      = Prinsip Pertemanan
|id_tl   = Friendship Principle
|pt      = O Caminho da Amizade
|pt_tl   = The Path of Friendship
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}