{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 5016
|image         = Archon Quest A Fuel Named Fate.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = V
|act           = The Rainbow Destined to Burn
|actNum        = IV
|part          = 6
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Ajaw; Amsalu; Asmerom; Azmera; Berehanu; Burkina; Capitano; Citlali; Diligent Yumkasaur; Gulema; Iansan; Kachina; Kamaka; Kinich; Mavuika; Mayahuel; Mualani; Nusta; Ororon; Paimon; Qhispe; Quiz; Raman; Ronova; Sitina; Sundjatta; Tepoz; Traveler; Uturunku; Wanjiru; Xbalanque; Xilonen; Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night
|startLocation = [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Basin of Unnumbered Flames
|subarea       = Stadium of the Sacred Flame
|poi           = 
|prev          = No One Fights Alone
|next          = For the Same Land
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*700;Primogem*30;Mora*31,125;The Cornerstone of Stars and Flames*1;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=A Fuel Named "Fate"|chapter=5|act=4|part=6}}

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Mavuika]]
#* Optional Objectives
#** Have a chat with [[Kinich]] and [[Iansan]] (optional)
#** Have a chat with [[Xilonen]], [[Mualani]], and [[Kachina]] (optional)
#** Have a chat with [[Ororon]] and [[The Captain]] (optional)
# Keep chatting, or return to your room to rest
# Go to the [[Speaker's Chamber]] to look for Mavuika
# Enter the Speaker's Chamber
# Talk to Mavuika
# Leave the Speaker's Chamber

==Gameplay Notes==
* Beginning the quest grants the {{Achievement|The Victors Shall Burn Bright}}.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|The Rainbow Destined to Burn (Achievement)}}.
* The following changes can be observed after completing this quest:
** Numerous NPCs are missing, having been killed in the war. Of particular note is [[Vichama]]: at his usual spot at the [[Scions of the Canopy]], his goggles and a bouquet of flowers can be found instead.
** Many NPCs have updated dialogue discussing the events of the quest and people who died. 
** A memorial for the dead has been set up inside the tower where the player ends the quest. An interactable note is found on the table  entitled [[Record Penned by All]], naming some NPCs who died during the war.
** [[Citlali]] can be found sleeping at a table outside the [[Weary Inn]].
** While the [[False Sky|"split-sky phenomenon"]] was quickly closed, the fragments of a celestial body which were seen through it are still faintly visible in the sky above Natlan.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The threat to Natlan remains unresolved, for the Abyssal tide you shattered was but a reflection emerging from the [[Night Kingdom]]. Still more crises await &mdash; sorrow, solitude, and death...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Continues from previous quest)
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Everyone, we are gathered here to celebrate a glorious victory.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' It is a victory forged by each and every one of us, and we should all be proud of what we have accomplished.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We emerge victorious from another crisis to declare: Our beloved Natlan is saved!
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 asmerom 01.ogg}} '''Asmerom:''' Alright!
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I must caution that this war is not yet over. We have not destroyed our enemy, merely driven them further into the depths of the Night Kingdom.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' But the Abyss underestimated Natlan's forces, and they have suffered a devastating defeat. It will be a long time before they are able to pose a threat to us again.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' After making some preparations, I will launch my final counterattack. I shall strike them in their lair and wipe them out for good.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 asmerom 02.ogg}} '''Asmerom:''' Oh, man...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 berehanu 01.ogg}} '''Berehanu:''' Wait, Archon... Are you saying you're going alone?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Yes. The Abyssal energy there is too strong. Contact with it would be instantly lethal to anyone else.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I'm sure you're all still fired up, and you must be eager to take the fight home to the enemy. But I must ask you to temper your ambitions. I will return victorious, for all of us.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 asmerom 03.ogg}} '''Asmerom:''' It's kind of a shame that we can't join in with the final showdown...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Please, look at the bigger picture. Thanks to every one of you, we have already secured an enormous victory. Tonight, we should celebrate to our hearts' content.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 berehanu 02.ogg}} '''Berehanu:''' I guess... if our lives are no longer at risk, things can basically go back to normal, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 asmerom 04.ogg}} '''Asmerom:''' That's good enough for me. Beats having monsters everywhere.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' When the time comes, I will gather everyone here again.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Now, let us also remember those who gave their lives fighting for our nation.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 12.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Once the last dregs of the Abyss are wiped out, I intend to give them the grand funeral they deserve.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 13.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' An [[Ancient Name|ancient name]] could never record the many who we lost, but no hero of Natlan should be forgotten.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' If I may... Let's have a moment of silence for the fallen.
:'''Kinich:''' ...
:'''Asmerom:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 14.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Lastly, there is one more person I must thank for his extraordinary support in our time of need, and that is The Captain.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 thecaptain 01.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Speaking in a personal capacity, I should like to offer my sincere congratulations on your victory.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 1 mavuika 15.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Well everyone, please enjoy the victory feast. I hope it's a chance to relax your minds and rekindle your spirits, so that we may face what lies ahead with renewed vigor.

;(Talk to [[Ajaw]], Iansan, or Kinich, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 ajaw 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Kinich, you are one lucky devil. I don't know how the heck you're still alive. Pff.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I'm in a zero-tolerance mood right now. Stop being so flippant.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 iansan 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Unless you want to get punched in the face.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it with you, Ajaw? Why are you so incapable of being nice?
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 ajaw 02.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Oh, this is rich! One measly victory, and it's all gone to your head! Hmph, you'd all be mincemeat by now if not for the heroic deeds of the Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw!
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Alright, credit where credit's due. Here's a bunch of grapes for your trouble.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 ajaw 03.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Don't treat me like I'm your pet parrot!
:{{DIcon}} How are the [[Scions of the Canopy]] and the [[Collective of Plenty]]?
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 kinich 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' The messengers are the worst affected. I expect there'll be delays on all deliveries in Natlan for some time.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 kinich 04.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Although fortunately, a lot of people have said they're willing to help out part time. That should alleviate the situation.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 iansan 02.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' The Collective of Plenty was the furthest from the Abyss's entry point, so they didn't have as many monsters to deal with. From what I hear, they got off relatively unscathed.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 iansan 03.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' But it might have been a different story if [[Chasca]] hadn't gotten there when she did...
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's good to hear. All's well that ends well.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 ajaw 04.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Well, whaddya know, these are pretty tasty... Oh, servant! One more bunch of grapes, posthaste!
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 kinich 05.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Okay, Polly.

;(Talk to Ajaw, Iansan, or Kinich again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 iansan 04.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Everyone else is enjoying the celebration, but Ajaw's still being as aggravating as ever. Does he have a chip on his shoulder? What's it about?
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 kinich 06.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' In fairness, repeating a few set phrases ad nauseum is all parrots know how to do.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 ajaw 05.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' I am NOT a parrot! I am the Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw!

;(Talk to Kachina, Mualani, or Xilonen, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You did a great job, Kachina. You're much more confident now. Seems like winning the [[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame|Pilgrimage]] gave you a real boost.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hehe, nah, I just figured I should do my part, y'know?
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I spoke to your mom and dad &mdash; they were singing your praises. They said the world's your oyster now.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How are things at the [[People of the Springs]]' base?
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' There are some casualties, but the overall mood is very positive. I reckon they'll start rebuilding pretty soon.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Same situation for the [[Children of Echoes]].
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Still... it's so sad that some people couldn't be saved by the [[Ode of Resurrection]].
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I think... I wanna hold a candlelight vigil for them when I get home.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Oh, that's a great idea. Let's do it together.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Let's hope that their sacrifice marks the beginning of a new age for Natlan &mdash; an age of unprecedented peace.

;(Talk to Kachina, Mualani, or Xilonen again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' If you're making candles, I have some materials you can use. They're in the warehouse. Should have plenty to spare.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, okay! Um, I guess I'll... tread carefully on the way in, then? Or...
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Oh, good point. I'll go instead.

;(Talk to "The Captain" or Ororon, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 thecaptain 01.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' I must congratulate you on your efforts during this war. I am told you have proven yourself to be an outstanding adventurer and warrior.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 thecaptain 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo dialog ntaq109 thecaptain 02b.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' You remind me of the {{MC|m=Princess|f=Prince}}. The similarities in your approach are striking, especially when you told me you wanted to win.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 thecaptain 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo dialog ntaq109 thecaptain 03b.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' I hope you will see {{MC|m=her|f=him}} soon.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Ororon, how are the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] doing?
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Granny [[Citlali]]'s been there the whole time, and she's a tough one. I think we should be fine...
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm sure there'll be some patching up to do though. That's a job for the young folks &mdash; I should probably head back, so I can pitch in.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 thecaptain 04.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Do you need support from the [[Fatui]]?
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...Probably not. There are a lot of older folks in our tribe, and I suspect they would find your comrades' presence a little distressing.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, 'cause they often look like a bunch of intimidating thugs.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 olorun 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Well, also, in my tribe, excessive use of [[Element|elemental energy]] is bad for your eyesight.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right... Okay.

;(Talk to "The Captain" or Ororon again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 thecaptain 05.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' I am still somewhat in disbelief that a united people prevailed against the Abyss...
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Do I sense some regret in your words?
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq109 thecaptain 06.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' A degree of regret is inevitable. But above all, I feel profound admiration.

;(Talk to Mavuika)
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' ...Ah. Welcome.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You seem a little out of sorts. Are you just tired, or...?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I guess I am. You know, when I was up there in the sky, I could see all of Natlan stretching out below me... People everywhere, giving everything they had for a chance at victory.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I just... If only I'd been quicker, maybe they wouldn't have... And [[Chuychu]], maybe she'd still...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' ...I'm sorry, now's not the time for that. Um... Fruit juice, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Make it a large...?
:{{DIcon}} At least it's over now. That's something.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' True. My 500-year plan has almost come to fruition. Just one last step to go.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Namely, my final battle against the Abyss. But battle is second nature to me, so I'm not feeling a huge amount of pressure.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It was so awesome, the way you exploded that thing in the sky with one almighty punch! Are you always gonna have that kind of power from now on?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Oh, that was the divine throne unleashing my full potential, and it was only temporary. I can't wield that power for any length of time &mdash; my body wouldn't be able to handle it.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Likewise, the amplified power of the Ode of Resurrection was also temporary. From now on, it's back to ancient name bearers only.
:{{DIcon}} I'm guessing the [[Night Warden Wars]] are over for the foreseeable future?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Correct. We dealt the Abyss a critical blow, so for the time being, it's too weak to sustain regular invasions.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I hope the people will be able to enjoy this period of peace... Or rather, assuming all goes to plan &mdash; eternal peace.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We've had centuries of war with the Abyss, and it's high time we brought that chapter to a close.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 12.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Anyway, there's something I've been wondering about. I know you've been at the center of some major events in other nations too, and fought many powerful foes.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 13.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' In this war, you were in the thick of it once again. Dashing around tirelessly, supporting the fighting on all fronts... So tell me, what drives you to do this as a mere Traveler passing through? Why risk life and limb for a cause that's not your own?
:{{DIcon}} So I can look back on my journey with a clear conscience.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 14a 1.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' A clear conscience... Great answer. That's how life should be lived: to the fullest, with no regrets.
:{{DIcon}} I just can't turn a blind eye to injustice.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 14b 1.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' You know, it's that mindset that distinguishes the heroes in every story. They're the natural protagonists.
:{{DIcon}} Because Paimon hates to see people suffer.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 7 paimon 04c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...What's this got to do with Paimon?
::{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 14c 1a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 14c 1b.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Hahaha, {{MC|m=he's|f=she's}} just showing how much you mean to {{MC|m=him|f=her}}, in {{MC|m=his|f=her}} own way.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 15.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' What I'm really trying to say is... I would love for you, with your extraordinary talent and your sense of justice, to join me in this final step. You and I, together, finally putting an end to the ever-looming threat of the Abyss...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 16.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' But I also don't want to take advantage of your good nature and readiness to help others. The final battle will be very dangerous, and you have the rest of your journey to consider.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 17.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I'm sure you must be weary? Sleep well tonight. Let's talk again tomorrow, in the Speaker's Chamber.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 18.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I'll give you more details on the final battle, and then I hope to hear your verdict.

;(Talk to Mavuika again, optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 19.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' My mind is still flooded with scenes from the war. I can't get the images out of my head...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 7 mavuika 20.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Maybe I need another drink.
----
;(Approach the Speaker's Chamber)
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}, Paimon. There you are, I've been looking all over for you.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hey Citlali. What's up?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Listen up. I have something really important to tell you...
:{{Black Screen|Citlali quickly explains her concerns about Mavuika's death.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? Are you serious?
:{{DIcon}} So Mavuika still has to die...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Natlan must pay the price for Mavuika's use of the [[Ronova|Ruler of Death]]'s power. That price is death, and only Mavuika's death can clear the debt.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I had thought that the Ruler of Death might have a change of heart after seeing the people of Natlan come together and fight so bravely. But...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Even now that the war's over and the threat to Natlan is gone, it looks like that death is still set in stone.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I had to know your thoughts &mdash; I want to save her, but I can't do it alone.
:{{DIcon}} I'll see what I can do.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Okay, good. That makes me feel a little better.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Thank you for standing up for us. There's clearly something special about you, so if anyone has a chance of defying the rules, that would be you.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh, and please don't breathe a word of this to Mavuika.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm sure she's well aware of the cost of using the divine throne's power. But if she finds out that anyone else knows, it could ruin our chances to help.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got it. Mum's the word.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Alright, that was the last major item on my to-do list. Now, since I've come all this way, I think it's finally time for a well-earned drink.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... G&mdash;Go easy though, yeah?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Don't worry, I said "a" drink. That means just one.
----
;(In Mavuika's memories)<!-- screen transition -->
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 sundjatta 01.ogg}} '''Sundjatta:''' Alright, you little munchkin! If you keep pestering me, I'm gonna have to get serious.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 sundjatta 02.ogg}} '''Sundjatta:''' I get a hundred kids a day telling me they want to be the next Pyro Archon. So, why should I train you?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 sundjatta 03.ogg}} '''Sundjatta:''' *sigh* Nagging isn't going to accomplish anything. No one can predict the future, and unless you have some exceptional, jaw-dropping talent I'm unaware of&mdash;
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' "I can shoot those cornflakes in your kitchen from right here."
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 sundjatta 04.ogg}} '''Sundjatta:''' Hahaha, don't be ridiculous! You couldn't make that shot from all the way over here. ...Wait, hold on, you could hurt someone with that...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 sundjatta 05.ogg}} '''Sundjatta:''' ...Well I'll be. You made the shot.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 sundjatta 06.ogg}} '''Sundjatta:''' The Scions of the Canopy raise 'em tough... That's some real skill you've got there, little lady. Maybe you really will be Pyro Archon one day.

;(Follow the path)
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 burkinayoung 01.ogg}} '''Burkina:''' See this? I'm the first one of us to get an ancient name &mdash; and not just any ancient name, but {{Rubi|Malipo|Turnfire}}!
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 burkinayoung 02.ogg}} '''Burkina:''' If you ask me nicely, there's still time to join my team for the Pilgrimage, y'know...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 burkinayoung 03.ogg}} '''Burkina:''' No need to scowl... You lost, and I won, it's no big deal. You want me to be happy for you when your turn comes, right? So cheer up.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' "I'll get my own ancient name soon enough. And it'll be an even better one than yours."
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 burkinayoung 04.ogg}} '''Burkina:''' Oh really? Well, good luck with that... What ancient name could beat {{Rubi|Malipo|Turnfire}} in our tribe?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 burkinayoung 05.ogg}} '''Burkina:''' Unless... Surely you don't mean {{Rubi|Kiongozi|Leader}}?

;(Follow the path)
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 wanjiru 01.ogg}} '''Wanjiru:''' Ah, that was fantastic! I can't believe I beat you in a wrestling match for once.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 wanjiru 02.ogg}} '''Wanjiru:''' Can't be more than a few days now until you're officially made the Pyro Archon. Heh, imagine me trying to schedule a wrestling session with you after that...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 wanjiru 03.ogg}} '''Wanjiru:''' "Excuse me, Pyro Archon, but would you be able to take a day off from running the nation to wrestle with me?" Hahaha.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 wanjiru 04.ogg}} '''Wanjiru:''' I heard that the Pyro Archon inherits the knowledge stored in the [[Sacred Flame]], and apparently, it can change your personality... I can't help but feel a little worried.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' "Worried that you won't be able to beat me in a wrestling match anymore?"
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 wanjiru 05.ogg}} '''Wanjiru:''' Why would I be worried about that!? Ugh, never mind, clearly I'm just overthinking things. Why would you forget about me just because of some new job? Even if that job happens to be archon.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 wanjiru 06.ogg}} '''Wanjiru:''' Come on, one more round!

;(Follow the path)
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 quiz 01.ogg}} '''Quiz:''' After the darkness will come the dawn.

:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 amsalu 01.ogg}} '''Amsalu:''' No one fights alone.

:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 sitina 01.ogg}} '''Sitina:''' For Natlan!

:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 azmera 01.ogg}} '''Azmera:''' Look, the sky! It's getting brighter at last!

:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 gulema 01.ogg}} '''Gulema:''' We walk the righteous path, and the Pyro Archon will guide us.

;(Approach the flame)
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 godofdeath 01.ogg}} '''Ronova:''' The victors shall burn bright, while the losers must turn to ash...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 godofdeath 02.ogg}} '''Ronova:''' I have done what is required of me. The rules are now written into the Night Kingdom, and this will help you to stand against the Abyss.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 xbalanque 01.ogg}} '''Xbalanque:''' It is still not enough.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 xbalanque 02.ogg}} '''Xbalanque:''' All this can do is give my people courage. It will not see us through a true catastrophe.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 xbalanque 03.ogg}} '''Xbalanque:''' If you are to make the Natlanese alone bear the consequences of a broken world, you will have to bring more to the bargaining table.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 godofdeath 03.ogg}} '''Ronova:''' ...You are the greediest human I have ever met, and the fiercest negotiator. No other would seriously ask to borrow my power.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 godofdeath 04.ogg}} '''Ronova:''' My domain is death, and its power comes at a great price... The question is, are you prepared to pay?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 xbalanque 04.ogg}} '''Xbalanque:''' I need that power. Only a hero can truly wield it, and heroes are not afraid of dying.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 godofdeath 05.ogg}} '''Ronova:''' No, a fear of death is ingrained in all living things. If the wielder of this power cannot conquer their fear, countless innocent lives will be claimed in their stead, for only then can the price be paid.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 godofdeath 06.ogg}} '''Ronova:''' Those are the rules.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 xbalanque 05.ogg}} '''Xbalanque:''' Mine is a nation that will not yield to the Abyss. It will certainly not yield to your rules.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 xbalanque 06.ogg}} '''Xbalanque:''' As their culture and civilization is transmitted through the generations, and their faith grows, the people will go from strength to strength, and reach heights that even I cannot dream of.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 godofdeath 07.ogg}} '''Ronova:''' Very well. I shall agree to help you. But I am merely a [[Shade]], and I do not have as much freedom to do as I please as you might think.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 xbalanque 07.ogg}} '''Xbalanque:''' Then what do you propose?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 godofdeath 08.ogg}} '''Ronova:''' Keep this a secret.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 godofdeath 09.ogg}} '''Ronova:''' If I am questioned about it, I will deny all involvement, and claim: "That treacherous [[Xbalanque]] stole my power."
:{{A|vo ntaq109 10 xbalanque 08.ogg}} '''Xbalanque:''' That will not be a problem. Thank you, I am glad we could reach an agreement.
----
;(In the Speaker's Chamber)<!-- screen transition -->
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Come in.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' As you know, I've asked you to come here to discuss the task of wiping out the Abyss.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Oh, but first &mdash; any progress on the Ancient Name?
:{{DIcon}} I've received the gift from the Lord of the Night.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I'm surprised she was willing to help you... and, by extension, me. I'm very grateful to her.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, hold on, wasn't the whole point of the Ancient Names for winning that huge battle? Why would the Traveler still need one by this point?
:{{DIcon}} Because she wants me to join her in the final battle.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That's right. The Abyss has retreated to the depths of the Night Kingdom, a place that has long since been corrupted by Abyssal energy...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' If we don't finish them off and restore the [[Ley Line]]s, the threat they pose to Natlan will remain. The battle we fought yesterday, we may one day have to fight again.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' This is the fate Natlan has always been resigned to. For thousands of years, we have struggled on the brink of a looming darkness, and never known true peace.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' But this time, I want to break the cycle and free us from this fate for good.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' With the sacred flame, I can protect myself from the Abyssal corruption, but beyond that, you are the only other person who can resist it.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' If your ancient name can't be forged, I will go alone. But if it can, I'd really love your help.
:{{DIcon}} Is the Ode of Resurrection working again?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Not completely &mdash; after all, the Night Kingdom is still plagued by Abyssal corruption.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 12.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' But when I used the power of the divine throne, it dispelled a lot of that corruption. Plus, your ancient name is a special case, so the Lord of the Night will take special care of you.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 13.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' In short, the Ode of Resurrection still has a number of limitations, but I can promise that it will work reliably on you.
:{{DIcon}} Good. Then I will join you in battle.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like I'm your only option anyway.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa whoa whoa, aren't we forgetting something here? What about Paimon? What's her place in all this?
:{{DIcon}} You'll need to stay behind.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? You mean, we'll be separated?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 14.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The Abyss is extremely devious. If you two go there together, you can bet they'll make Paimon their primary target just to put us in an impossible position.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon wasn't that worried, but... now she's petrified...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What will you do without me!?
:{{DIcon}} I'll be a complete mess, I'm sure.
:{{DIcon}} But only for a short time.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, well... Paimon needs to think about this, because you're really asking a lot of her. But give Paimon some time, and she'll do her best to rise to the challenge...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 15.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I greatly appreciate it.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 16.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Everyone in Natlan knows how important this final battle is. You will be remembered and revered long into the future, until the end of time.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 11 mavuika 17.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' If you have any other questions, please ask away.

;(Talk to Mavuika, optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' As I've said, if you have any other questions, please ask away.
:{{DIcon}} About the aftermath of the war...
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02a 1.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The work of rebuilding is underway, and people are flocking to join the effort. With everyone rallying together, I'm sure it won't be long before there's no trace left of the damage done by this war.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02a 2.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The healing process, on the other hand... that is a bigger obstacle to overcome. Many are grieving, and there's simply no replacing the ones we lost.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02a 3.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' As the sun rises once more, and we rediscover the ability to believe in the future, we must never forget their sacrifice.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About the [[False Sky|false sky]] and the strange fragments...
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02b 1.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' "False sky"... I have heard this expression before, but I think this was the first proof of its existence.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02b 2.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I think there is a lot of investigating to be done to understand what the fragments behind the sky are, and why they were hidden in the first place.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02b 3.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' However, from what the [[Adventurers' Guild]] tells me, neither the split-sky phenomenon nor the fragments have ever been observed in any other nation.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02b 4.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' My guess is that the [[Heavenly Principles]] wants them kept a secret. I just hope they don't cause me any trouble over it.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 paimon 01b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you should be fine. We did [[Masquerade of the Guilty|something much crazier]] back in [[Fontaine]], and we're still here...
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02b 5.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Hahaha, well that's good to know. Anyway, the line I'm going with for the masses is "astronomical anomaly," and I don't expect much of a backlash.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02b 6.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Meanwhile, we can look into it at our own pace.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About the [[Heroes of Natlan|Six Heroes]] of old...
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02c 1.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That wasn't their souls we saw, but a snapshot of them in time. All the work of the Ancient Name engravers 500 years ago, who made some special modifications to their Names.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02c 2.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Their souls returned to the Night Kingdom long ago, and will have been reborn in Natlan since, albeit in a different form. For all we know, they may have already lived many new lives by now.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02c 3.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' And so, even though we will never meet again, they will always be by our side, in one way or another.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02c 4.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I think that gives another layer of meaning to the phrase, "no one fights alone."
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About The Captain...
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02d 1.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We have a temporary alliance, but I can tell that saving Natlan is not his only goal.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 paimon 01d 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon still doesn't get why saving Natlan would be so important to him in the first place... Unless he's just a good guy who wants to avoid another [[Khaenri'ah]]? But somehow, Paimon doubts it's that simple.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02d 2.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Heh, I wouldn't worry too much. Based on all the interactions we've had with him, and knowing more about his background, I have a lot of respect for him. I don't think he has any ill intentions.
::{{A|vo ntaq109 12 mavuika 02d 3.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Now, we should focus on the final battle.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} I have no more questions.

;(Leave the Speaker's Chamber)
:;(At the [[Remnants of the Secret Source]])
:{{A|vo ntaq109 12 nightmare 01.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' The outlander with deep ties to this land returns... and this time, he is alone?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 12 thecaptain 01.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' The power that the Pyro Archon used to strike back at the Abyss came from the Ruler of Death. From what I know of her rules, she will demand death in return.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 12 nightmare 02.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' How do you know of this?
:{{A|vo ntaq109 12 nightmare 03.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' ...I see. So, the Ruler of Death sent you on your long journey.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 12 thecaptain 02.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Natlan still has a final battle to fight, and I too have a final foe to face.
:{{A|vo ntaq109 12 thecaptain 03.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' For the sake of those countless lost souls, and a hope for Natlan's future... I need your help.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Unsorted Voice-Overs===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ntaq109 9 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq109 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mavuika said she had more to discuss with us today. Let's head to the Speaker's Chamber.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = A Fuel Named "Fate"
|zhs      = 名为「命运」的燃料
|zhs_rm   = Míngwéi "Mìngyùn" de Ránliào
|zht      = 名為「命運」的燃料
|zht_rm   = Míngwéi "Mìngyùn" de Ránliào
|zh_tl    = A Fuel Named "Fate"
|ja       = 「運命」という名の燃料
|ja_rm    = "Unmei" to Iu Na no Nenryou
|ja_tl    = A Fuel Called "Fate"
|ko       = 「운명」이라는 이름의 연료
|ko_tl    = A Fuel Named "Fate"
|es       = Un combustible llamado “destino”
|es_tl    = A Fuel Called "Destiny"
|fr       = Un carburant nommé « Destin »
|fr_tl    = A Fuel Named "Fate"
|ru       = Топливо под названием «Судьба»
|ru_tl    = A Fuel Named "Fate"
|th       = เชื้อเพลิงนามว่า "โชคชะตา"
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Nhiên Liệu Mang Tên "Vận Mệnh"
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ein Treibstoff, genannt „Schicksal“
|de_tl    = A Fuel Named "Fate"
|id       = Bahan Bakar Bernama "Takdir"
|id_tl    = A Fuel Named "Fate"
|pt       = Um Combustível Chamado "Destino"
|pt_tl    = A Fuel Called “Destiny”
|tr       = Her Şey "Kader" İçin
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Un destino da ardere
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter V}}