{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70672
|image         = World Quest A Guest From Liyue.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Tubby
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Guest From Liyue''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Mondstadt]] related to [[Genius Invokation TCG]]. Completion of this quest updates the [[Genius Invokation TCG/Invitational|Invitation Board]], making Invitation Duels take place in the Invitation Duel Room instead of a room in [[The Cat's Tail]] proper. This also allows [[Inazuma]] characters to be invited before the abolition of the [[Sakoku Decree]] in {{Quest|Transient Dreams}}.

==Steps==
# Go to [[The Cat's Tail]]
# Talk to [[Tubby]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A strange guest from Liyue appears to arrived in The Cat's Tail...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the Cat's Tail)
;(If the player met [[Tubby]] during ''[[A Teapot to Call Home: Part II]]'')
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, isn't that Tubby? What's she doing in The Cat's Tail!?
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tuuubbyyy...!
::{{DIcon}} Hey, Tubby!
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 01.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Ah, it's you two.
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What are you doing here? ...Wait, and how'd you get out of the Serenitea Pot? You can do that?
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 02.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Of course I can... Ah, but this is your first time seeing me outside of the teapot realm, isn't it?
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 03.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Although the adepti created teapot spirits primarily to manage and maintain their teapot realms, our movements are not restricted to those domains.
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 04.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' For instance, there's [[Chubby]]&mdash; I'm sorry, "Jade Seeker," who travels far and wide to gather the rarest treasures in the land.
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 05.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' *sigh* But it is true that I, in contrast, rarely leave the teapot realm at all.
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah. Paimon gets it now.
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, well since you so rarely leave, what's the occasion today?
::{{DIcon}} I'm guessing you didn't come for a drink?
:::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 06a 1.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' As curious as I am to know how the drinks here differ from those in Liyue, no &mdash; in fact, I was sent here for a reason.
:::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 paimon 06a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What reason is that?
::{{DIcon}} Not to play cards, I'll bet.
:::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 06b 1.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Indeed not, although it may surprise you to learn that the reason I was sent here still has to do with the card game.
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 07.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Um... and as it happens, it has something to do with {{Traveler}}, too.
::{{DIcon}} ...How so?

;(If the player did not meet Tubby during ''A Teapot to Call Home: Part II'')
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? There's a strange new customer in the tavern!
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 2 plumpy 01.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Hmm?
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, look, {{Traveler}} it's a huge finch!
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 2 plumpy 02.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Excuse me, I am not a finch! My name is...
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 2 plumpy 03.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Um... Oh dear, it seems... No, I can't quite remember my name. You can just call me "Tubby," I suppose.
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, hey Tubby. Don't think we've seen you around Mondstadt before...
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 2 plumpy 04.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' That's because it's highly unusual for me to be in Mondstadt at all. I actually came here all the way from Liyue...
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... How come you came all this way just to visit The Cat's Tail?
::{{DIcon}} I'm guessing you didn't come for a drink?
:::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 06a 1.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' As curious as I am to know how the drinks here differ from those in Liyue, no &mdash; in fact, I was sent here for a reason.
:::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 paimon 06a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What reason is that?
::{{DIcon}} Not to play cards, I'll bet.
:::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 06b 1.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Indeed not, although it may surprise you to learn that the reason I was sent here still has to do with the card game.
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 2 plumpy 06.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Um... and if I am guessing correctly, and you are indeed {{Traveler}}... then as it happens, it has something to do with you, too.
::{{DIcon}} ...How so?

:{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 08.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Well, as I'm sure you've discovered, with the rising popularity of Genius Invokation TCG, inviting a friend to a duel in the tavern has become a fun way to pass the time.
:{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 09.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' There's just one little problem. Many invitees currently have to travel an enormous distance to get here, turning the whole thing into quite an ordeal. I have therefore been sent here to create a little game room using the same adeptus art as is used to construct teapot realms.
:{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 10.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' That way, anyone with an invitation will need only to think the thought, and they will instantly appear in the game room.
:{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 11.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' You will be free to use the room whenever you wish to invite a friend to duel, and it will be far more straightforward for them to take you up on the offer.
:{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow. This'll make things much easier!
:{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... What if Margaret finds out? She's not gonna get mad at you for renovating her tavern with your adeptus arts, is she...?
:{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 12.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Umm... That shouldn't be a problem, since the realm will not be physically located within The Cat's Tail. Besides, we obviously sought the owner's permission in advance...
:;(A flashback begins)
:{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 13.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' She was quite enthusiastic: "Ooh, Liyue's adepti arts sound pretty useful! Could you double the size of the tavern while you're at it?" ...Unfortunately, my mastery of adeptus arts is not sufficient to achieve this.
:;(Flashback ends)
:{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Yeah, that does sound like something Margaret would say...
;(If the player met Tubby during ''A Teapot to Call Home: Part II'')
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 14.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Anyway, it's great that you're here &mdash; I was expecting to have to wait until your next visit to the teapot realm to fill you in.
;(If the player did not meet Tubby during <nowiki>A Teapot to Call Home: Part II</nowiki>)
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 2 plumpy 13.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Anyway, it's great that you're here. I was racking my brains trying to think how to get in touch with you after setting everything up.
:{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 15.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Right then. Let's get started.
:{{Black Screen|Tubby uses her adeptus arts to remodel the tavern and update the match invitation board.}}
:{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 16.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Okay, that should do it.
;(If the player did not meet Tubby during ''A Teapot to Call Home: Part II'')
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, just like that? Liyue's adepti arts are pretty nifty.
::{{A|vo tips tcg101 2 plumpy 16.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Mm-hmm... You know, I have a feeling that we will meet again someday. Who knows when &mdash; but we will find out when that time comes.
:{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 17.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Over to you, {{Traveler}}. Now you can invite friends to duel with you in this room, wherever in the world they are. I hope it serves you well.
:{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 18.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' ...Oh, and I almost forgot. A guy from the tavern wanted me to say this to you:
:{{A|vo tips tcg101 1 plumpy 19.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Hope you'll have fun playing Genius Invokation TCG!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* Tubby will be in her [[Trust Rank]] 1-3 appearance, regardless of the player's own Trust Rank.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = A Guest From Liyue
|zhs       = 璃月来客
|zhs_rm    = Líyuè Láikè
|zht       = 璃月來客
|zht_rm    = Líyuè Láikè
|zh_tl     = A Guest From Liyue
|ja        = 璃月からの来客
|ja_rm     = Riiywe-kara no Raikyaku
|ja_tl     = A Visitor From Liyue
|ko        = 리월에서 온 손님
|ko_tl     = A Guest From Liyue
|es        = Una visita desde Liyue
|es_tl     = A Visit from Liyue
|fr        = Un client de Liyue
|fr_tl     = A Customer From Liyue
|ru        = Гость из Ли Юэ
|ru_tl     = A Guest from Liyue
|th        = แขกจาก Liyue
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Khách Từ Liyue
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Ein Gast aus Liyue
|de_tl     = A Guest From Liyue
|id        = Tamu dari Liyue
|id_tl     = A Guest From Liyue
|pt        = Visitantes de Liyue
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Liyue'den Gelen Misafir
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Un'ospite da Liyue
|it_tl     = A Guest from Liyue
|it_note   = the presence of an apostrophe indicates that the guest is female.
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

[[ja:璃月からの来客]]
[[pt-br:Visitantes de Liyue]]
[[ru:Гость из Ли Юэ]]