{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 08001
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = IV
|act           = We Will Be Reunited
|part          = 2
|description   = After fleeing from those creepy ruins, you meet [[Dainsleif]] by chance. You follow him and begin your pursuit of the [[Abyss Herald]] through those ruins once more...
|startLocation = [[Minlin]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Involuntary Sacrifice
|next          = Dishonorable Trial
|exp           = 650
|mora          = 31,125
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|characters    = Dainsleif;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|4|part=2}}
==Steps==
# Talk to [[Dainsleif]]
# Look for traces of the [[Abyss Order]]
# Talk to Dainsleif
# Look for traces of the Abyss Order
# Talk to Dainsleif
# Look for traces of the Abyss Order
# Talk to Dainsleif
# Defeat all opponents
# Talk to Dainsleif

==Achievements==
* Completing this quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[Sneering at the Power of the Gods]]."
{{clr}}
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Dainsleif, continued from [[Involuntary Sacrifice]])
:{{A|vo szaq002 1 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' So we meet again, a little sooner than I had expected.
:{{A|vo szaq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, it's Dain!
:{{A|vo szaq002 1 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Judging by your expression, it seems you just experienced something quite strange.
:{{A|vo szaq002 1 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Could it be that you encountered an Abyss Herald in those ruins?
:{{A|vo szaq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? How did you know that?
:{{A|vo szaq002 1 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I've been on the Abyss Herald's trail. I didn't expect to find you here as well.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, the Abyss Herald wasn't all we encountered...
:{{DIcon}} There was something even stranger than the Abyss Herald in the ruins.

:'''''The Traveler tells Dain about the strange statue and deceased thief...'''''

:{{A|vo szaq002 1 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' An inverted Statue of The Seven... holding Abyssal power in its hands? No, I have never seen such a thing during my time fighting the Abyss... though I have had my suspicions.
:{{A|vo szaq002 1 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Tell me the rest of what happened in there. So you escaped the ruin depths filled with Abyssal power, and then?
:{{A|vo szaq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And then, as we got close to the exit, an Abyss Herald suddenly appeared and blocked our way.
:{{A|vo szaq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We fought a big battle with that thing. Maybe it hasn't gotten too far yet...
:{{A|vo szaq002 1 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Yes, this is a rare opportunity indeed. Come, let's catch up to it.
:{{DIcon}} Yes, sir!
:{{DIcon}} Wait, I thought I was the one who commissioned you...
:{{A|vo szaq002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go! A rare opportunity! With Dain helping out, maybe we'll be able to solve more mysteries about the Abyss!
----
;(Talk to Dainsleif after defeating the enemies around the Ruin Guard)
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Those [[Abyss Mages]] just now... were they trying to ambush us?
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' No, they were just digging through these abandoned [[Ruin Guard]]s looking for something of value.
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, is that so... The Traveler here seems to like doing that a lot, too...
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looking for Chaos Devices, Chaos Circuits... You know, that kinda stuff.
:{{DIcon}} Yep, those are important materials!
:{{DIcon}} Abyss Mages probably weren't looking for stuff like that...
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' They wouldn't be searching for such ordinary objects.
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' In fact, I was nearby investigating precisely because Abyss Mages often come out from that ruin to explore.
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' They seem to be searching the remains of Ruin Guards for a certain valuable object to take back to the ruins.
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' However, they look disappointed, so it would seem they haven't found it yet...
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well then, why didn't you grab one of them just now and ask what they were up to?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, Master [[Diluc]]'s done that before...
:{{DIcon}} You should be rougher with them.
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I certainly don't mean to be merciful towards these monsters of the Abyss...
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' But I have a feeling that their plan with this object is of major importance to the entire Abyss Order.
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 dainsleif 08.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' One can not discover the truth behind it through interrogation.
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 dainsleif 09.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Or rather, these Abyss Mages likely fear something else much more than they do a painful interrogation...
:{{DIcon}} Fear...
:{{DIcon}} Something related to what we saw in the ruins?
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Paimon is getting goosebumps thinking about all this!
:{{A|vo szaq002 2 dainsleif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Alright, we shouldn't waste too much time here. Let's continue our search.
----
;(Talk to Dainsleif after defeating the enemies and the Ruin Hunter)
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... Besides the Abyss Order, Ruin Guards sure are active around here...
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems wherever we find an Abyss Mage hideout, there's often a bunch of Ruin Guards roaming around too. Is that just a coincidence, or...?
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' There are no coincidences in the world. Everything is the fruit of seeds planted long ago.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Just like your appearance in that tavern... Time is just waiting for those seeds to sprout.
:{{DIcon}} But I only heard about you by chance...
:{{DIcon}} I don't really understand...
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Forget it. Just some needless musings.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The connection between the Abyss Order and the Ruin Guards is by no means incidental.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Rather, they are both branches that have grown out and up from the same roots below.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Branches"? "Roots"? What do you mean exactly?
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Both originate from an ancient nation that was destroyed 500 years ago &mdash; [[Khaenri'ah]].
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Khaenri'ah!?
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really!? The Abyss Order and Ruin Guards are left over from after the destruction of that nation!?
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Speaking of Khaenri'ah, that's really a super ancient name...
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right. As your guide, Paimon should explain a bit here. A long time ago, the nation of Khaenri'ah was...
:{{DIcon}} I know about Khaenri'ah...
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 08a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Huh?
:{{DIcon}} Because I have memories of Khaenri'ah.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 08a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You have memories of being there? But that nation was destroyed 500 years ago...
:'''Dainsleif:''' ...
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 07a 1.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Is that so? Well, everyone has their secrets. You did not pry into mine, so I shall not pry into yours...
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 07a 2.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' But if you would like to tell me, I will listen... So, the Khaenri'ah you saw, what was it like?
:{{DIcon}} (Well, I can't hide it from him any longer...)
:{{DIcon}} (Dain and Khaenri'ah... It's worth a shot.)
:{{DIcon}} (The person who woke me up...)
:{{DIcon}} (And that sea of flames)

:'''''The Traveler tells Dain about the sea of flames they saw 500 years ago, and that god they encountered...'''''

:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's the complete story, huh... Paimon thought that you ran into that [[Unknown God|unknown god]] first...
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 07a.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 08b.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I see... So your first memory after coming into this world was being awoken by your (sister/brother) from within that meteorite...
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 10a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 10b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It seems your (sister/brother) woke up first, but the question is, how long before you...
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 09a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 09b.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' And then your (sister/brother) told you that the destruction of Khaenri'ah plunged the whole world into chaos and that you two should leave this world called Teyvat?
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 11a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 11b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "The destruction of Khaenri'ah"? (She/he) said that?
:{{DIcon}} Correct.
:{{DIcon}} That's what I heard at the time.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' That destruction you witnessed, that's... history from 500 years ago.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 11.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It seems the first time you awoke in this world was indeed during that period.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 12a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 12b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... So your (sister/brother) must have understood this world better than you did because (she/he) woke up first.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 12.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' And it was shortly after that that you encountered an unknown god who blocked your path, so you couldn't escape...
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon knows this part really well.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 13.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...I understand.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 14.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' When you awoke at that time and hurriedly tried to leave for another world, you didn't know anything about Khaenri'ah.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 15.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' But now, since you have come to gain some understanding of Teyvat, you are able to guess that the war you witnessed all those years ago must be the war that ended Khaenri'ah... Am I right?
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! If that's the case, you must've been flipping through all sorts of books during our adventure these past few months.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Before going to Mondstadt, you had just looked at some vague materials. Later, we managed to gather a whole bunch of old books from all around Mondstadt and Liyue, but you told Paimon they were useless...
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 16a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 16b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the whole time you were just trying to learn more about Khaenri'ah so you could find your (sister/brother)?
:{{DIcon}} It's the second most promising lead after looking for The Seven.
:{{DIcon}} Despite only having a place name to go on.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah... You can travel around the seven nations to find The Seven but where can you go to find a nation that was destroyed 500 years ago...?
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 16.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I probably know more about Khaenri'ah than both of you.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 17.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Khaenri'ah was a nation without a god &mdash; not because it had a god that died or abandoned them, but because it never had a god to begin with.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 18.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It was a powerful nation, built purely by humans, an unprecedented flourishing and glorious civilization &mdash; it was the pride of humankind.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A nation... without a god...?
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 19.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Later events unfolded just as you remember &mdash; it was all destroyed... by gods.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean that...
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 20.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' 500 years ago, the gods descended upon the world and brought desolation to Khaenri'ah.
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 21.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The "pride of humankind" was uprooted and crushed, like a weed removed from the garden of the gods...
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How could that be...? The history books don't say anything about that...
:{{DIcon}} That's horrible...
:{{DIcon}} What a dangerous world... I need to hurry up and find my (brother/sister).
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 22.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Yes. Well, continuing to discuss the past now will only dampen our spirits.
:{{DIcon}} (But, the next time I see [[Venti]] or [[Zhongli]]...)
:{{DIcon}} (I need to hear what explanation the gods have for their actions.)
:{{A|vo szaq002 3 dainsleif 23.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Let's keep moving. I will tell you more of what you want to know as we continue our search.
----
;(Approach the Ruin Guard and Abyss Mages)
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Over there! It's more Ruin Guards and Abyss Mages.
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dain was just saying how these ancient machines are from Khaenri'ah...
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... did Khaenri'ah have a lot of ruins that needed to be guarded?
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' No. "Ruin Guard" is the name modern people have given these machines. No one called them that 500 years ago.
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' These "Ruin Guards" were known as "[[Field Tiller]]s" by the people of Khaenri'ah.
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Field Tillers"? What a strange name.
:{{DIcon}} They were farming equipment!?
:{{DIcon}} So what's with the lethal weapons...?
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It's not like you think. "Field Tiller" was just a code name. The people of Khaenri'ah liked to give code names to their weapons.
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' "The land is not to be tilled with farming tools, but rather to be fought for with steel and blood." &mdash;This is how the "Field Tiller" came about.
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Fought for with steel and blood"? Well that's an interesting way of understanding "tilling"... Paimon doesn't think it's a very positive interpretation.
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' After the destruction of Khaenri'ah, these masterless "Field Tillers" went completely out of control.
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' They wandered aimlessly over the centuries, gradually spreading to every corner of Teyvat.
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 dainsleif 08.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Perhaps resonating with the sorrow of other civilizations across the time, they found their way to various ruins across the land, where they lie dormant.
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds... so sad...
:{{DIcon}} Wandering aimlessly for 500 years...
:{{DIcon}} It seems... we should put an end to their suffering.
::{{A|vo szaq002 4 paimon 07b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah... Paimon thinks you've been doing a real good job of that.
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 dainsleif 09.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Once you understand more, those details won't mean much to you.
:{{A|vo szaq002 4 dainsleif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' But no matter their past, all that remains of them now is the danger they pose... so destroy them all.
----
;(Talk to Dainsleif after defeating the enemies)
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? This Abyss Mage dropped a talisman... Could it be a communication of some kind?
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Hmm, this talisman seems connected to the Abyss Herald. But why would an Abyss Mage be carrying it...?
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Perhaps it really does contain information about their operation.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, Paimon can't read the writing on it... *gasp* Is that the script of Khaenri'ah?
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 03b.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' "...Engulf the faith of the enemy in flame, and bring glory to (Her/His) Highness, the (Princess/Prince)..."
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wha&mdash;!? Is that what it says?
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' "...'Loom of Fate,' initial operation."
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' They... the Abyss, seem to be carrying out a large operation. The keyword here is "Loom of Fate."
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It seems like they are still launching the operation, or rather, are still conducting preliminary tests...
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Loom of Fate"? What's that? Is it literally a... fate-weaving machine?
:{{DIcon}} The Abyss Mage came from those ruins...
:{{DIcon}} Is it related to the inverted statue?
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' From the horrible feeling Paimon's been getting, those eerie ruins are super likely to be related to this fate-weaving operation.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Dain, what message does this talisman contain?
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I'm reading it now...
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 08.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Hmm... An ambitious operation, but some parts are difficult to understand.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How so?
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 09.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' In short, the first phase of the plan is related to [[Osial]], Overlord of the Vortex.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Overlord of the Vortex!? You mean that god in the ocean?
:{{DIcon}} We weren't able to destroy it last time...
:{{DIcon}} It was just crushed by the [[Jade Chamber]]...
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do they want with Osial? Ohh...
:{{DIcon}} Could it be the same as with [[Dvalin]]?
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I know of your past heroics regarding Dvalin, and I also know of the Abyss Order's role in the Stormterror incident.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 11.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Though you may not have been aware of it at the time, you were thwarting an Abyss Order operation similar to this one.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Last time it was Venti's old friend, this time it's a huge ancient god... The Abyss Order keeps setting their sights higher and higher.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Will the Abyss Order use their lies and dark magic to corrupt Osial, just as they did Dvalin?
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 12.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' No... From the contents of the talisman, this operation goes one step further.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 13.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' They won't just corrupt Osial's mind. They also plan to use the ancient technology behind the "Field Tillers" to completely transform Osial's body.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is... that even possible?
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So wait, the Abyss Order wants to make some sort of... Cybernetic Squid-God of Mass Destruction!?
:{{DIcon}} Sounds about right.
:{{DIcon}} These nicknames keep getting longer!
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 14.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Very few people today truly understand the civilization of Khaenri'ah, though of course, the accuracy of that understanding itself is difficult to judge.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 15.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Only the Abyss Order has consistently sought out the remnants of Khaenri'ah. Despite being far from human, they seek out this lost human civilization quite persistently.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 16.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The talisman's message states that they will use "the Defiled Statue" as a base, attaching Osial's limbs to construct a mechanized god.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 17.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' And the new core that shall replace the orb usually held by the Statue of The Seven... is the eye of the very first Field Tiller.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "The eye of the very first Field Tiller"? ...Ohh, Paimon gets it! All those Abyss Mages are looking for this special eye, right?
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 18.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It would seem so.
:{{DIcon}} They haven't found it yet. We still have time.
:{{DIcon}} Let's find the eye before they do.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This whole thing keeps getting more complicated, but basically it all has to do with that eerie Statue of The Seven we saw, right?
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 19.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Yes. According to the talisman, the eye should be placed in the hands of the Defiled Statue...
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 20.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Thereby imbuing the newly born god with the power to "topple the divine thrones of [[Celestia]]."
:{{DIcon}} (Celestia...)
:{{DIcon}} (Topple the divine thrones...)
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh boy... The Abyss Order sure isn't holding back with this plan.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm. Since no one knows where the first Field Tiller is, how about we take the information about the statue as the starting point for our investigation?
:{{DIcon}} That statue... It looked like the Anemo Archon...
:{{DIcon}} Should we ask the Church of Favonius about it?
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that Tone-Deaf Bard is too difficult to track down anyway. Let's go to the {{Color|buzzword|Cathedral}} first and ask around, maybe we'll learn something.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 21.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The Cathedral... Hmph.
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's the matter, Dain?
:{{A|vo szaq002 5 dainsleif 22.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Nothing. Let's get moving.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Herald Without Adherents
|zhs     = 无信者的使徒
|zhs_rm  = Wú Xìnzhě de Shǐtú
|zht     = 無信者的使徒
|zht_rm  = Wú Xìnzhě de Shǐtú
|zh_tl   = Herald Without Adherents
|ja      = 信者のない使徒
|ja_rm   = Shinja no Nai Shito
|ja_tl   = Herald Without Adherents
|ko      = 신자 없는 사도
|ko_rm   = Sinja Eomneun Sado
|ko_tl   = Apostle Without Believer
|es      = Un emisario sin seguidores
|es_tl   = An Emissary Without Followers
|fr      = Apôtre des infidèles
|fr_tl   = Apostle of Infidels
|ru      = Вестник без последователей
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Herald ที่ไร้ซึ่งผู้ศรัทธา
|th_rm   = Herald thi Rai Sueng Phu Sattha
|th_tl   = A Herald Without Believers
|vi      = Sứ Đồ Của Kẻ Bất Tín
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Verkünder ohne Zuhörer
|de_tl   = A Herald without Listeners
|id      = Seorang Herald Tanpa Penganut
|id_tl   = A Herald Without Adherents
|pt      = Um Apóstolo sem Seguidores
|pt_tl   = An Apostle Without Followers
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]

[[pt-br:Um Apóstolo sem Seguidores]]