{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75659
|image         = Event Quest A Hero's Approval!.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Emblem of Steadfast Valor
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Irade; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Basin of Unnumbered Flames
|subarea       = Stadium of the Sacred Flame
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Emblem of Steadfast Valor]] Event.
}}
'''''A Hero&#39;s Approval!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Emblem of Steadfast Valor]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the combat readiness liaison

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A combat readiness liaison is awaiting your help outside the Stadium of the Sacred Flame's Speaker's Chamber...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Irade]])
:'''Irade:''' You're finally here, great hero!
:'''Irade:''' I have waited here for a long time indeed, but your arrival has made it all worth it. Ah, the very sight of you is as rejuvenating balm!
:{{DIcon}} Indeed, my timing is impeccable.
:{{DIcon}} Err... So, what's the situation?
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, the atmosphere suddenly got so... formal... Does Paimon, um, also have to speak really formally too?
:'''Irade:''' Ah, not to worry, hero, noble guide. Allow me to introduce this situation in brief.
:'''Irade:''' I am but a humble staff member at the [[Speaker's Chamber]]. Irade is my name, and I assist [[Mavuika|our Archon]] in the training of various tribal patrol squads.
:'''Irade:''' Tradition dictates that, after a certain period of time has passed, new warriors are to be selected from amongst the youth of the tribes to join these squads.
:'''Irade:''' At the same time, we must prepare sterner tests for the veteran members such that they never cease to challenge themselves and improve.
:'''Irade:''' The relevant selection and examination stages are designed via cooperation between the combat readiness liaisons and outstanding warriors from every tribe...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, alright, Paimon can see where this is going!
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry! {{Traveler}}'s a real pro when it comes to combat and tests of speed, so {{MC|m=he|f=she}} should be able to help you come up with lots of cool stages!
:{{DIcon}} Are you going to send me a commission, then?
:{{DIcon}} Are you going to be my client?
:'''Irade:''' Hardly, hardly! I would not presume to ask you to do that which was my job from the first, great hero! That would not only be a dereliction of my duty, but a slight against you, to boot!
:'''Irade:''' The design of all the exam stages has already been completed. I'd just like to request that you, great hero, help us "certify" their suitability, and, at the same time, set an example for our warriors.
:'''Irade:''' Just as written exams demand perfect scores, so too must lofty targets for practical skills be set. Mighty warriors will take the lead in clearing these challenges, and this will greatly motivate their juniors.
:'''Irade:''' For example, exam stages related to the [[Children of Echoes]] will be certified by "Baraka" [[Xilonen]]...
:'''Irade:''' While we've asked "Malipo" [[Kinich]] and "Vuka" [[Chasca]] to deal with those of the [[Scions of the Canopy]] and the [[Flower-Feather Clan]], which has led to many warriors gladly taking on said challenges...
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, so that's what you're going for... In that case, aren't you asking {{Traveler}} to become&mdash; How do you say it again?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, right! "The unattainable horizon"!
:{{DIcon}} Alright. This ace shall set the pace.
:'''Irade:''' That's the spirit! That's our hero!
:{{DIcon}} Still, Paimon, let's stay humble. [[Teyvat]]'s full of skilled fighters.
:'''Irade:''' Ah, such modesty &mdash; truly, you are a virtuous hero!
:'''Irade:''' In that case, allow me to mark some exam stage locations out on the map. Feel free to visit them and show us what you've got!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = A Hero's Approval!
|zhs      = 来自英雄的认证！
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 來自英雄的認證！
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 英雄たちのお墨付き！
|ja_rm    = Eiyuu-tachi no Osumitsuki!
|ja_tl    = A Heroes' Approval!
|ko       = 영웅의 인증!
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¡La aprobación de {{MC|m=un héroe|f=una heroína}}!
|es_tl    = {{MC|mf=1|A Hero's}} Approval! 
|fr       = La reconnaissance d'un héros !
|fr_tl    = A Hero's Recognition!
|ru       = Подтверждение героизма!
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = การรับรองจากผู้กล้า!
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Chứng Nhận Từ Anh Hùng!
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Anerkennung durch einen Helden!
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Pengakuan Sang Pahlawan!
|id_tl    = The Hero's Recognition!
|pt       = Aprovação de Um Herói!
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Kahramanın Onayı!
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = L'approvazione di un eroe!
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

[[ja:英雄たちのお墨付き！]]
[[pt-br:Aprovação de Um Herói!]]
[[ru:Подтверждение героизма!]]