{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item A Horn Unwinded.png
|set   = Long Night's Oath
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|A horn that was once used to summon [[Lightkeepers|those who had sworn oaths]]. It has long since lost its purpose.}}
'''A Horn Unwinded''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Long Night's Oath]].

==Description==
When the horns proclaimed the [[Snezhnaya|northern realm]]'s might, thunderous footsteps shook the earth;<br>
Like iron rails stretching across the frozen tundra, sending pale flames shooting across the land.<br>
A [[Fatui|contingent]], sworn to Her Majesty the [[Tsaritsa]], whose loyalty lay with no single [[Harbinger]],<br>
Vowed to forge a pure new world beneath the white, glimmering stars.

Even those dwelling in the [[Nod-Krai|borderlands]], autonomy being bestowed upon them, remained children of the motherland;<br>
For in her boundless love, the Tsaritsa abandoned none who chose to follow.<br>
Since his earliest years, the Warrant Officer who led this border squad had held this conviction firm,<br>
Until he hovered before the very gates of hell and glimpsed those souls unloved by any.

The request to strike had yet to be sanctioned, but he had already made up his mind:<br>
We journeyed this far to save innocents beset by merciless calamity;<br>
How could we stand by as those pitch-black beasts devour the land, snatching away the lives of mothers and their children?<br>
If this was what those in power called an order, then to hell with it.<br><br>

...<br>
Thus was the foul miasma swept away by the northern winds, just as the first light of dawn pierces the coal-black clouds, its glow once more cast down upon the cerulean earth below.<br>
The war had ended, yet to the high tower no triumphant hero returned; only a criminal, and the children he had risked all to save.<br>
Though the plan had strayed slightly from its course, the renegade [[Dottore|doctor]] paid it no heed, for the goal had been achieved.<br>
Desertion, treason against the Tsaritsa &mdash; grave crimes indeed, yet absolved by a newly-sworn oath.<br>
Upon a staircase built of bones, new warriors took up their watch, there to stand till the [[Abyss|abyssal]] tides dried up.<br>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = A Horn Unwinded
|zhs      = 未吹响的号角
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 未吹響的號角
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 未だ鳴らざる笛
|ja_rm    = Imada Narazaru Fue
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 울리지 않는 나팔
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Cuerno Insonoro
|es_tl    = Silent Horn
|fr       = Cor silencieux
|fr_tl    = Silent {{w|Horn (instrument)|Horn}}
|ru       = Умолкнувший рог
|ru_tl    = Silenced Horn
|th       = A Horn Unwinded
|vi       = Tù Và Chưa Thổi Vang
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ungeblasenes Horn
|de_tl    = 
|id       = A Horn Unwinded
|pt       = Trompa Não Soprada
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Üflenmeyen Boru
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Corno mai suonato
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Long Night's Oath}}

[[fr:Cor silencieux]]
[[ja:未だ鳴らざる笛]]
[[vi:Tù Và Chưa Thổi Vang]]