{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75651
|image         = <!-- Event Quest A Honest Promotion.png -->
|type          = World
|event_name    = Mementos of Teyvat
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage
|characters    = Boucicaut; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage]], [[Fontaine]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Paimon's Kamera*1;Mora*10,000
}}
'''''A Honest Promotion''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the ''[[Mementos of Teyvat]]'' event.

==Steps==
# Take a walk with Paimon

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Quest Description|"Buy one get one free! My loss if you buy, your loss if you don't!"<br>But what sort of gullible folk would be taken in by such slogans... Wait, Paimon pre-ordered already?}}
;(Approach Damoville Purveyor)
:'''Paimon:''' Y'know, {{Traveler}}, Paimon can see that the commissions have been pretty taxing lately.
:'''Paimon:''' As a thoughtful, capable guide, Paimon's duty is to help you relax, so... Ta-da! Guess where this is?
:{{DIcon}} Well, it says "[[Damoville Purveyor]]" on the sign right here.
::'''Boucicaut:''' Hello there. Welcome to Damoville Purveyor.
:{{DIcon}} Ah, the abode of Mora thieves, the graveyard of wallets.
::'''Boucicaut:''' Dear me, dear customer, do not speak such inaccuracies. Damoville Purveyor is committed wholly to affordability and quality. You may survey our prices should you wish.
:'''Paimon:''' This is no ordinary store. This is a place where hardworking laborers relax via spending money.
:'''Boucicaut:''' Indeed, indeed! In fact, we have recently launched a buy one get one free promotion, with all customers welcome to take part!
:'''Boucicaut:''' My loss if you buy, your loss if you don't!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon saw the event poster when we passed by before. That's how she remembered it.
:'''Paimon:''' Double the goods for every purchase sounds like a great deal, no matter how you slice it!
:'''Paimon:''' It always feels like there's something missing in Paimon's day if she doesn't spend some Mora here... So today, we're coming here together to fill that gap!
:{{DIcon}} And what would you like to buy, Paimon?
:{{DIcon}} And how shall this yawning void be filled, Paimon?
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, not telling you just yet.
:{{DIcon}} Payment might get tricky that way.
:'''Paimon:''' Nah, don't worry. Paimon brought her own Mora today.
:'''Paimon:''' Boss, has the order arrived yet? It's under "Paimon and {{Traveler}}."
:'''Boucicaut:''' We do have your package. One moment...
:{{Black Screen|Boucicaut the shopkeeper retrieves something over-packaged beyond identification. Beside you, Paimon fishes out a large pile of pocket money. You detect a hint of sadness on her face as she parts with this sizable sum.}}
:{{Black Screen|After you unwrap the package together, you realize that it contains two photo albums.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, finally! Paimon's been waiting ages to get these!
:'''Paimon:''' We've taken so many pictures so far, and now we've got a spot to put them!
:{{DIcon}} I don't usually see you use a Kamera?
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, that doesn't mean Paimon hasn't ever whipped it out! She's taken quite a few pictures of you while you weren't looking, in fact!
:{{DIcon}} Huh. Y'know, I'd like to see 'em now...
:{{DIcon}} Ooh, let me see!
:'''Paimon:''' Not right now! Paimon's gotta take a whole album's worth first.
:{{DIcon}} Nyeh, so petty.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's a meanie.
:'''Paimon:''' Pfft, phooey! Anyway, take this photo album, would'ja?
:'''Paimon:''' This one's a little thin, but it can fit a whole bunch of photos anyway.
:'''Paimon:''' We've been to so many places and taken many photos for others, but not really for ourselves.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon thought it'd be nice if we could keep a few more memories for ourselves, so she bought these two albums.
:{{DIcon}} So this is a gift?
:'''Paimon:''' That's right. It was a buy one get one free deal, so it's one for each of us. Paimon had it all figured out even when she was ordering.
:'''Paimon:''' You've gotta start using it right away, alright? You can take pictures of places we've been to, maybe relive some past memories as well.
:'''Paimon:''' By the way, wanna use Paimon's Kamera to take some photos? You've never used it before, right?
:'''Paimon:''' It took a lot of effort to custom-order this from a department store, so it'd be a shame if we didn't use it more often.
:{{DIcon}} Sure, I'll give it a go.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, as long as you like it! This is what a good guide should do, after all.
:'''Paimon:''' C'mon! Let's go take some photos!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = A Honest Promotion
|zhs      = 善良促销
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 善良促銷
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 良心的なキャンペーン
|ja_rm    = Ryoushinteki-na Kyanpeen
|ja_tl    = An Honest Campaign
|ko       = 착한 판매 행사
|ko_tl    = A Kind Sale Event
|es       = Una oferta honesta
|es_tl    = An Honest Offer
|fr       = Une promotion honnête
|fr_tl    = An Honest Promotion
|ru       = Честная реклама
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = โปรโมชันสุดคุ้ม
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Quảng Cáo Thân Thiện
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Eine ehrliche Werbung
|de_tl    = An Honest Promotion
|id       = Promosi Baik
|id_tl    = Good Promotion
|pt       = Uma Promoção Honesta
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Dürüst Bir İndirim
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Una pubblicità onesta
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

[[pt-br:Uma Promoção Honesta]]
[[ru:Честная реклама]]