{{EventTabs}}
==Notes==
* When trying to walk out of bounds, a message will appear at the top of the screen saying: "How about we explore the area ahead of us later?"

==Dialogue==
===Intro===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Lisa isn't in the library?
:'''Paimon:''' We are leaving for Sumeru soon. Paimon heard that Lisa is the greatest talent to graduate from the Sumeru Akademiya in the last two centuries! Aww, Paimon wanted to see her to ask for information!
:'''Traveler:''' You were so sound asleep that I couldn't wake you up. It's late, Lisa has probably left work.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe... If Lisa isn't here, we'll just have to look for books on Sumeru. There are surely some here... Paimon's on it!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm!? Traveler, look! There are some shiny pieces of paper here!
:'''Traveler:''' Looks like we can put them together. And there is also a note:
:'''Traveler:''' "This is a jigsaw puzzle inspired by the landscapes and plants of Mondstadt, Liyue, Inazuma, and Sumeru. You can piece together a magical world and explore it."
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! Traveler, let's piece them together! Paimon won't fall asleep this time!
:;After obtaining the pieces, you can assemble them and explore!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Main Screen===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(If 1–2 Encounter have been unlocked{{Verify<!--verify 2-->}})
::'''Paimon:''' Look, here are some magic pieces of paper! And a line of explanation!
::'''Traveler:''' This is a jigsaw puzzle inspired by the landscapes and plants of Mondstadt, Liyue, Inazuma, and Sumeru.
;(If 3–5 Encounters have been unlocked)
::'''Paimon:''' Doesn't seem too hard, does it? Then again, Paimon is really smart!
::'''Traveler:''' Well, after we go to Sumeru, why don't you handle all the puzzle-solving during our adventure?
;(If 6–8 Encounters have been unlocked)
::'''Paimon:''' Umm... On second thought, puzzles are a little tough...
::'''Traveler:''' Let's take a closer look at the color of the pieces' ground.
;(If 9–12 Encounters have been unlocked)
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa! That's not right. How did we get that wrong!?
::'''Traveler:''' Let's see if we can rotate this piece... (Thinking hard)
;(If all 13 Encounters have been unlocked)
::'''Paimon:''' All of the encounters have been unlocked! But Paimon is still the biggest and most special encounter of your adventure!
::'''Traveler:''' Of course!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Friendly Hilichurl===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with the Friendly Hilichurl)
:'''Friendly Hilichurl:''' Olah, olah, yoyo mosi mita!
:'''Traveler:''' (Carefully recalling the "Poetry Exchange" Daily Commission)...
:'''Traveler:''' Muhe ye!
:'''Friendly Hilichurl:''' Valo, ya odomu.
:'''Traveler:''' This is the first time I've met a Hilichurl who took the initiative to say hello. Next time I'm taking Ms. Musk with me, so I can use this opportunity to practice my Hilichurlian!

;(Interact with the Friendly Hilichurl again)
:'''Friendly Hilichurl:''' Olah, olah, yoyo mosi mita!
:'''Traveler:''' Muhe ye!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Anemo Slimes===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with the Anemo Slimes)
:'''Traveler:''' Why do the Anemo Slimes keep going around in circles?
:'''Traveler:''' Because this is where their home is, where they are surrounded by family.
:'''Traveler:''' Even the wind of freedom has things to which it is attached~

;(Interact with the Anemo Slimes again)
:'''Traveler:''' Even the wind of freedom has things to which it is attached~
{{Dialogue end}}

===Jumpy Dumpty===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with the Jumpy Dumpty)
:'''Traveler:''' Jumpy Dumpty!? Good thing it didn't blow up...
:'''Traveler:''' In Mondstadt, is it true that there's a bouncing Jumpy Dumpty wherever swimming fish are found?

;(Interact with the Jumpy Dumpty again)
:'''Traveler:''' In Mondstadt, is it true that there's a bouncing Jumpy Dumpty wherever swimming fish are found?
{{Dialogue end}}

===Guoba===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with Guoba)
:'''Traveler:''' Guoba definitely loves to eat spicy food~
:'''Traveler:''' But this Jueyun Chili is a little too spicy! Guoba is starting to do somersaults!
:'''Guoba:''' ♪~

;(Interact with Guoba again)
:'''Guoba:''' ♪~
{{Dialogue end}}

===Forest Boar===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with the Amber)
:'''Traveler:''' A boar jumped out of the amber!
:'''Traveler:''' I wonder if it will taste any different? Paimon will definitely be very curious~
:'''Boar:''' !!!

;(Interact with the Boar)
:'''Traveler:''' A boar has jumped out of the amber. Will it taste different? Paimon is definitely very curious!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Luxurious Chest===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with the Geogranum near the Luxurious Chest)
:'''Traveler:''' This puzzle has taken so long, and I finally got this Luxurious Chest. But why is it empty!?
:'''Traveler:''' There isn't even a cabbage here! Has someone been here already?

;(Interact with the Luxurious Chest)
:'''Traveler:''' This puzzle took too long and there's not even a cabbage in the chest! Has someone been here already?
{{Dialogue end}}

===Bake-Danuki===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with the torch)
:'''Traveler:''' Don't hide! I know you're out here somewhere!
:'''Bake-Danuki:''' (He seems to be having a great time and wants to play with me for a while...)

;(Interact with the Bake-Danuki)
:'''Bake-Danuki:''' (He seems to be having a great time and wants to play with me for a while...)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Cats===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with the cats)
:'''Traveler:''' Eat up, kitties!
:'''Traveler:''' I secretly fished this out from the pond not too far away!

;(Interact with the cats again)
:'''Cat:''' (Eating the fish with gusto...)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Onikabuto===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with the Onikabuto)
:'''Traveler:''' (Watching the Beetle Fight...)
:'''Traveler:''' Can you guys use the Super Paimon Tornado? If so, that's really impressive!

;(Interact with the tree)
:'''Traveler:''' Go! Use the Super Paimon Tornado!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dendro Samachurl===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with the Dendro Samachurl)
:'''Traveler:''' This is a very common Bouncy Mushroom in Sumeru of the "Tri-Lakshana" variety.
:'''Traveler:''' Sure enough, you can use it to bounce to greater heights~
:'''Traveler:''' It must be very useful when exploring the mountainous rainforest.

;(Interact with the Dendro Samachurl again)
:'''Traveler:''' A very common Bouncy Mushroom in Sumeru. It must be very useful when exploring the mountainous rainforest.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Sumeru Researcher===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with the Sumeru Researcher)
:'''Sumeru Researcher:''' I will submit this research report to the Akademiya soon...
:'''Sumeru Researcher:''' But there is one theory that has yet to be tested...
:'''Sumeru Researcher:''' Hi, may I ask...
:'''Sumeru Researcher:''' If I can win the Akademiya's Pir Kavikavus Prize with this, that would be wonderful... Nevermind, I should just focus on graduating first.
:'''Traveler:''' She seems to be very busy. Let's leave her to it.

;(Interact with the Sumeru Researcher again)
:'''Traveler:''' She seems to be very busy. Let's leave her to it.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Hydro and Dendro Slimes===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with the Hydro and Dendro Slimes)
:'''Traveler:''' Contact between a Dendro Slime and a Hydro Slime triggers a "Bloom" reaction and produces a "Dendro Core."
:'''Traveler:''' When the "Dendro Core" explodes, it deals AoE Dendro DMG but can also deal DMG to you!
:'''Slime:''' !!!

;(Interact with the Hydro and Dendro Slimes again)
:'''Traveler:''' After creatures are affected by Hydro and Dendro, they will trigger a "Bloom" reaction, generating a "Dendro Core."
{{Dialogue end}}

===Paimon===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with Paimon)
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe! Didn't see that coming, huh? Paimon is the most special encounter!
:'''Paimon:''' We'll be heading off to Sumeru soon~ No matter what, Paimon will always be your best travel guide and companion!

;(Interact with Paimon again)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon will always be your best travel guide and companion!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Loading Screen Tips==
* The movement and rotation of the pieces seem to change the wonderful world you are exploring~
* When certain special terrain is stitched together, special encounters can be triggered, try to discover them!
* If you don't know how to put the pieces together, you can observe the color of the piece's ground.
* The initial pieces give you a clue on where the other pieces should be, you can't move or rotate them.
* Each piece has at least one encounter waiting for you to discover~
* The design of the pieces seem to reference the landscapes and plants of various countries, Mondstadt, Liyue, Inazuma, and... What is this place?
* Paimon, wake up! We need to think about it together. Stop dozing off!
* In the corner of the Mondstadt Athenaeum, there are some amazing pieces scattered around. It seems that a magical world can be pieced together!

[[pt-br:Jornadas entre Folhas/História]]
[[ru:Путешествие по страницам/История]]