{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19084
|image         = Hangout Event A Knight's Journey Through Liyue.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Noelle
|actNum        = II
|act           = Knightly Exam Prep
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 26, and spend 2 [[Story Key]]s
|next          = 
|characters    = Guanhai; Iron Tongue Tian; Noelle; Qian; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Knight's Journey Through Liyue''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Knightly Exam Prep}}.

==Steps==
# Head to the Third-Round Knockout
# Head to the hilichurl camp in the city's outskirts
# Help Iron Tongue Tian gather inspiration
#* Defeat opponents {{Enemy List|Hilichurl Berserker*2;Hilichurl Fighter*3}}
# Talk to Iron Tongue Tian
# Give a Chaos Device to Iron Tongue Tian
# Return to Third-Round Knockout and listen to the story

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Noelle is mistaken for a Knight of Favonius several times over the course of the trip. After things have calmed down a little, you decide to stop by Third-Round Knocout and take a short break.<br>At Third-Round Knockout, you and Noelle meet a somewhat frustrated Iron Tongue Tian. To help him find his muse and write his new, knightly tale, Noelle agrees to help provide some source material.<br>After a whirlwind trip, Iron Tongue Tian seems to have finally finished his story. Intrigued, but also a little apprehensive, you and Noelle head to Third-Round Knockout to hear how the story turned out.}}
===Emergency Story-Sourcing===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 irontonguetian 01.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Oh, you must be from Mondstadt?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 irontonguetian 02.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Looking at your outfit, you don't seem to be an ordinary civilian. In which case, surely...
:{{DIcon}} Here it comes.
:{{DIcon}} Here we go again.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 irontonguetian 03.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' ...You must be an illustrious knight of Favonius!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 irontonguetian 04.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Pardon my directness. My name is Iron Tongue Tian, and I was hoping that you could help me out...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hold on, I'm really sorry...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...I am not yet an official knight, but just a maid of the Knights of Favonius...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 irontonguetian 05.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Uhh... Maid? Of the Knights? ...A Maid-Knight!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 irontonguetian 06.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Now that is genuinely intriguing! Miss, if you're willing to help me out, I have every confidence that you will provide me with infinitely more source material than any other knight could!
:{{DIcon}} ...Source material?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 irontonguetian 07.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' As you can see, I have been a local storyteller here for a long time, and, well, my audience is starting to tire of hearing the same old stories over and over again...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 irontonguetian 08.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' When I saw this young lady show up just now, I was quite awestruck by her! So much so that I was suddenly inspired by the idea of writing a new book: "A Knight's Journey Through Liyue!"
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 irontonguetian 09.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' However... inspiration is just the start, I still need some material to work with. Even the most ingenious storytellers don't just come up with stories out of thin air.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 irontonguetian 10.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' I do occasionally hear anecdotes about the Knights of Favonius doing the rounds here in Liyue, but they're mostly unreliable rumors, with everyone telling a different story. Far better to find an actual knight and see for myself!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But I... I am still not a knight yet...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 irontonguetian 11.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Ah, don't worry about all that. As the saying goes, the story should by "inspired by life but larger than life." As the storyteller, I can change a detail or two here and add some dramatic effect there... y'know?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Honorary Knight... I am a little conflicted. What should I do...?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Although I should always lend a hand to anyone in need... It would be dishonest for me to pretend to be a real knight.
:{{DIcon}} It's not dishonest, you're just helping generate some ideas.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 irontonguetian 12.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Haha! You understand me! Miss, rest assured that I will not put you in a difficult spot.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 irontonguetian 13.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' All I'm asking you to do is come with me to the countryside and show me some of your bladework. Let me see something new! I'll fill in all the other details... All within reason, of course.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Well... Okay then, if it's just providing initial source material...

;(Head to the hilichurl camp in the city's outskirts)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908401 irontonguetian 14.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' I heard earlier from the Millelith that some hilichurls have been wreaking havoc in the countryside. Ooh! Let's head over there...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908405 irontonguetian 01.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' This looks to be the place. Argh... But it seems our timing is off &mdash; the hilichurls are nowhere to be seen...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908405 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh... If the hilichurls are not around, does that mean you can't get any source material?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908405 irontonguetian 02.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Not necessarily. Look at all the things they left here... Miss, why don't you use your greatsword to clean the place up?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908405 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Cleaning up? Well, that shouldn't be too difficult...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908405 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But the hilichurls could return at any moment. Mr. Tian, please find a safe location from which to observe.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908405 irontonguetian 03.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Okay! "...The knight's meticulous mind attended to each and every detail of her duty with the utmost care and attention..." Ahaha, this is good, I can work with this. Very knightly...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908405 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Y&mdash;You're taking notes already!?

;(Cleaning up the hilichurl camp)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908405 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Cleaning up a camp... I guess I do this kind of thing all the time...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908405 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...So it should be okay to include in your book...
:;(Breaking an object)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908405 irontonguetian 04.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Wonderful! I'll call this one... the "Indomitable Sword of Favonius"!
:;(Breaking the last object at the hilichurl camp)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908405 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh no, the hilichurls are back! Mr. Tian, please, be careful!

;(After defeating opponents)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908402 irontonguetian 01.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Sensational! I will call that one the "Impregnable Shield of Chivalry!"
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908402 irontonguetian 02.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Mm, yes... It's coming to now... "With the prescience of a prophet, the knight foresaw the precise moment of the hilichurls' return and promptly warned the commoners to take cover. Now, she stood alone as she drew her sword and strode forward to confront the enemy..."
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908402 irontonguetian 03.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' This is all great material... It's just a pity that the only enemies are these hilichurls. Mm... It needs a little more oomph...!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908402 irontonguetian 04.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' I've got it! Would the two of you be able to give me some kind of mementos?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908402 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...Mementos?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908402 irontonguetian 05.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' That's right, mementos! Though the story is a work of fiction, the more real it feels, the more engaging it will be...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908402 irontonguetian 06.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Some sort of battle trophy to display before the audience &mdash; ooh &mdash; would really seal the deal...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908402 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Okay, um... So something like a hilichurl mask or an arrowhead...?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908402 irontonguetian 07.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' If it's all the same to you, uh... I was thinking more along the lines of... Maybe... a component from that Ruin Guard?
:{{DIcon}} Is this what you meant by "larger than life"?
:{{DIcon}} Is this what you meant by "dramatic effect"?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908402 irontonguetian 08.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Yes, you've got it! You really understand where I'm coming from. I've heard that there's a very common component in Ruin Guards called the, uh... Chaos Device?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908402 irontonguetian 09.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' I&mdash;I should write down my new ideas before I forget them... Um, just hand the Chaos Device to me once you've managed to obtain it.

;(Talk to Iron Tongue Tian again)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908402 irontonguetian 10.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' If you could hand me that Chaos Device once you've managed to procure it, I'd be much obliged.

;(Give a Chaos Device to Iron Tongue Tian)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908403 irontonguetian 01.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Oh! Such mighty power, so battered and bruised... Mm, haha... I just need to embellish it a little further and this will be perfect!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908403 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Embellish it... even further?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908403 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm... Well, as long as I have been able to help you with your creative process...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908403 irontonguetian 02.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Of course you have! Okay, I know where I'm going with this story now... I need to get back and start writing...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908403 irontonguetian 03.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Oh, and if the two of you have any free time later, stop by Third-Round Knockout and you can hear me tell my new story!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908403 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I wonder how Mr. Tian's story will turn out in the end. For some reason... I have a bad feeling about it...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908403 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' {{Traveler}}, why don't we go back to Liyue Harbor and listen for ourselves?

;(Return to Third-Round Knockout and listen to the story)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 irontonguetian 01.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' ...With a roar like thunder, iron clashed with iron. Then, four gigantic fists came pounding into the ground with a force beyond what could be put into words... So colossal was their weight, and so earth-shattering their impact.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 irontonguetian 02.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Such unthinkable power could easily cleave a stone peak right off the top of a mountain. Any ordinary human would either be torn to pieces in an instant, or at the very least suffer indescribable injuries...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 irontonguetian 03.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' ...But not so the knight from beyond the border. She did not flinch in the face of the flying iron fists, but sank instead into a low fighting stance... and with one swift sweep of her sword, the clash of metal erupted once more, as dust billowed all around...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 irontonguetian 04.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Moments later, there was a deep and dull thud as the dust dispersed to reveal... two pairs of iron claws, lying lifeless on the ground. Such is the awesome power of the "Impregnable Shield of Chivalry," an esoteric martial technique practiced exclusively by the Knights of Mondstadt...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 irontonguetian 05.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' The knight barely had time to catch her breath before a dark shadow leaped up before her into the sky, blotting out the sun and turning day into night... It was... a Ruin Hunter!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 irontonguetian 06.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' But she was no ordinary knight, and in her heart, she declared: "I have nothing to fear!" With an almighty battle cry, she unleashed the Indomitable Sword of Favonius... Beams of golden light shone out in all directions, a gust of wind raced through the battlefield, sparks flew, and debris fell...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 qian 01.ogg}} '''Qian:''' One knight against two Ruin Guards... and a Ruin Hunter? Surely, that must be an exaggeration...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 guanhai 01.ogg}} '''Guanhai:''' Eh, I suppose these stories are supposed to be taken with a grain of salt...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Is this... about me? What is he talking about...?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:'''  No, this won't do! I must ask him to rewrite the story!
:{{DIcon}} It's fine. The audience isn't taking it seriously...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 irontonguetian 07.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' Hehe... Hard to believe? Then feast your eyes on this!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 irontonguetian 08.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' This is solid proof of the Maid-Knight's journey to Liyue! A fragment of a Ruin Guard's armor, cut from its carcass by a blow of her blade in the midst of her death-defying battle!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 qian 02.ogg}} '''Qian:''' ...That is a part of a Ruin Guard! A friend of a friend of a relative in the Millelith told me about these! Whoa...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 guanhai 02.ogg}} '''Guanhai:''' ...It's real, alright! Look at the cuts on it... Fresh from the battlefield!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I... I must explain to Mr. Tian...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Honesty... modesty... These are the virtues cherished by the Knights...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 qian 03.ogg}} '''Qian:''' Hey, will you look at that &mdash; that girl over there looks uncannily similar to the knight from the story...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 guanhai 03.ogg}} '''Guanhai:''' Oh, I'd say more than just similar... She's the spitting image! Oh, should we get an autograph? It's definitely her, the legendary Maid-Knight!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Uh... Huh?
:{{DIcon}} Noelle, let's get out of here!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh! Okay!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 irontonguetian 09.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' ...And so, the knight went west from Stone Gate with her sword in hand, and scaled the mountains of a vast new land...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908404 irontonguetian 10.ogg}} '''Iron Tongue Tian:''' A legend from the moment she set foot in Liyue, tales of the adventures of the Maid-Knight would be talked about for hundreds of generations... Stay tuned for the next chapter.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: "The Maid-Knight's Tale"===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = "The Maid-Knight's Tale"
|character       = Noelle
|act             = 2
|description     = "The Knight went west from Stone Gate with her sword in hand, and scaled the mountains of a vast new land. A legend from the moment she set foot in Liyue, tales of the adventures of the Maid-Knight would be talked about for hundreds of generations!"
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Knight's Journey Through Liyue
|zhs     = 异国骑士璃月行记
|zhs_rm  = Yìguó Qíshì Líyuè Xíngjì
|zht     = 異國騎士璃月行記
|zht_rm  = Yìguó Qíshì Líyuè Xíngjì
|zh_tl   = Records of a Foreign Knight's Travels in Liyue
|ja      = 異国騎士璃月記行
|ja_rm   = Ikoku Kishi Riiywe Kikou
|ja_tl   = Foreign Knight's Liyue Travel Notes
|ko      = 이국 기사 리월 여행기
|ko_tl   = Foreign Knight's Liyue Travelogue
|es      = El viaje de una caballera por Liyue
|es_tl   = A Knight's Journey Through Liyue
|fr      = Histoire d'un chevalier à Liyue
|fr_tl   = Story of a Knight in Liyue
|ru      = Путешествие рыцаря по Ли Юэ
|ru_tl   = A Knight's Journey Through Liyue
|th      = การเดินทางของอัศวินต่างแดนใน Liyue
|th_rm   = Karn Doen-thang khong At-sa-win Tangdaen nai Liyue
|th_tl   = Foreign Knight's Journey in Liyue
|vi      = Hành trình Liyue của Kỵ Sĩ Dị Quốc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein fremder Ritter in Liyue
|de_tl   = An Unknown Knight in Liyue
|id      = Perjalanan Sang Knight Menuju Liyue
|id_tl   = The Knight's Journey to Liyue
|pt      = A Viagem de Uma Cavaleira por Liyue
|pt_tl   = A Knight's Trip Through Liyue
|tr      = Bir Şövalyenin Liyue Yolculuğu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Viaggio di una cavaliere a Liyue
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}