{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 08011
|image         = Archon Quest A Lamenter at Fates End.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|act           = Caribert
|actNum        = VI
|part          = 3
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Caribert (NPC); Eide; Traveler; Vedrfolnir<!-- as Voice Inside the Head -->
|startLocation = 
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = 
|prev          = Fortune-Mocking Pedigree
|next          = Portended Fate
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*625;Mora*25,450;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=A Lamenter at Fate's End|chapter=3|act=6|part=3}}

==Steps==
# Follow the [[hilichurl]]
# Follow the hilichurl to the cavern
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Unknown Sanctuary]]
#* The player is not given the option to adjust their party upon entering from the special story mode but will be able to change it within the Domain via a [[Door of Resurrection]], which can be used while not in combat.
#* If the player leaves the Domain, their quest progress will be lost and reset to this step, and they will be transported to the Domain's entrance in the normal Teyvat map. The Domain can be re-entered from both there, which allows the player to adjust their party as usual, and the special story mode.
# Continue exploring
# Defeat the Fortune Lector
#* {{Enemy|Abyss Herald: Frost Fall|text=Fortune Lector &mdash; Secret Keeper of Fate's End}}
#* The battle takes place near the Domain's Door of Resurrection, which is just outside of the Fortune Lector's [[aggravation]] range.
# Talk to Eide
# Continue exploring

==Gameplay Notes==
{{Transclude|Fortune-Mocking Pedigree|Gameplay Notes}}
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|The Far Side of Fate}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The medicine meant to restore [[Caribert (NPC)|Caribert]] didn't work quite as expected. During the process of remaking the medicine, you seem to find yourself beset upon by strange phenomena...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo szaq203 1 eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' That's... that's not Caribert.
:{{DIcon}} No, it's not.
:{{DIcon}} There's no silk scarf around his arm.
:{{A|vo szaq203 1 eide 02.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Right. Caribert's scarf was a gift I once gave to his mother. I use it now as a marker of sorts.
:{{A|vo szaq203 1 eide 03.ogg}} '''Eide:''' M&mdash;My eyes must be going... how could I not recognize my own son? Ugh, this decrepit body of mine... *sigh*
:{{DIcon}} Still, this hilichurl...
:{{DIcon}} There's something strange about it.
:{{A|vo szaq203 1 eide 04.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Yes... It doesn't seem interested in us in the least. It seems intent on walking in that direction... Where could it be going?
:{{DIcon}} No idea.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go have a look.
:{{A|vo szaq203 1 eide 05.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Yes... The more we know about hilichurls, the better.

;(Follow the hilichurl)
:{{A|vo szaq203 2 eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Did it go in here? Hmm... Well, let's head in.

;(Enter the Unknown Sanctuary)
:{{A|vo szaq203 3 eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' What a ghastly place... Has it always existed? I swear I've never noticed it before...
:{{DIcon}} Look...
:{{DIcon}} What are those hilichurls doing?
:{{A|vo szaq203 3 eide 02.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Huh. It looks like they're... worshiping. Sometimes walking, sometimes kneeling in worship... And it appears to be in earnest.
:{{A|vo szaq203 3 eide 03.ogg}} '''Eide:''' I've never seen anything like this in all my life. What in the world does this place conceal?
:{{A|vo szaq203 3 eide 04.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Oh, there's only one way to find out.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The air here, and this creepy scene... it's eerily familiar...)

;(Pass through the first portal)
:{{A|vo szaq203 6 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq203 6 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Is this a teleportation device? What energy is powering it...

;(Pass through the portal at the end of the large room)
:{{A|vo szaq203 8 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq203 8 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' How did I get on the ceiling? Did the room turn upside down, or gravity itself...?

;(Approach the central platform)
:{{A|vo szaq203 7 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq203 7 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' It seems like I need to find a place to insert the rune.

;(Open the door and enter the room below)
:;(As [[Eide]] and the Traveler approach the opening door, an Abyss Herald comes out)
:{{A|vo szaq203 4 fortunelector 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Halt, humans. Fate has not granted you the right to enter this place...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (An Abyss Herald? No, he doesn't look like someone from the [[Abyss Order]]...)
:{{A|vo szaq203 4 fortunelector 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Hmm, do you insist on an audience?
:{{A|vo szaq203 4 fortunelector 03.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Very well, then I grant you the trial of destiny.

;(Defeat the Abyss Herald)
:{{A|vo szaq203 5 eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Who was that? He was... he was...
:{{DIcon}} Terrifying?
:{{DIcon}} I've seen similar characters before.
:{{A|vo szaq203 5 eide 02.ogg}} '''Eide:''' ...He was a perfect being. I'm in awe.
:{{DIcon}} ...Huh?
:{{A|vo szaq203 5 eide 03.ogg}} '''Eide:''' He had the most wondrous aura, a perilous yet beautiful power... Truly mesmerizing.
:{{A|vo szaq203 5 eide 04.ogg}} '''Eide:''' And yet you were able to defeat him. Your strength is greater than I had imagined. Hehe...
:{{DIcon}} You have unconventional tastes.
:{{DIcon}} I just have lots of combat experience.
:{{A|vo szaq203 5 eide 05.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Let's continue on. I find myself growing more curious by the second... and more excited.

;(Approach the large chained crystal)
:{{A|vo szaq203 9 eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' I think... we've made it to the end...
:{{DIcon}} What is that thing!?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Wrapped in chains, hanging in midair, emanating a sinister aura... There's no mistaking it. It's just like the Defiled Statue!)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (So it does have something to do with the Abyss Order. And these worshiping hilichurls remind me a little too much of the Grand Thief...)
:{{DIcon}} Eide, this place is bad news. We've got to go!
:{{A|vo szaq203 9 eide 02.ogg}} '''Eide:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Eide?
:{{A|vo szaq203 9 schickzal 01.ogg}} '''Voice Inside the Head:''' ...O dear creature, why do you bow down? For fear of the unknown? Or for a power that you covet?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Whose voice is that? It must be coming from right inside my head... Can't Eide hear it?)
:{{A|vo szaq203 9 schickzal 02.ogg}} '''Voice Inside the Head:''' ...O dear creature, why do you bow down? For I am no god... I am but a [[Five Sinners of Khaenri'ah|"Sinner."]]
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (A "Sinner"...?)
:{{A|vo szaq203 9 schickzal 03.ogg}} '''Voice Inside the Head:''' You are like a flower born in sin yet pure, spotless... I know your fate well.
:{{A|vo szaq203 9 schickzal 04.ogg}} '''Voice Inside the Head:''' You need no longer hold back your resentment, nor accept the countless lies.
:{{A|vo szaq203 9 schickzal 05.ogg}} '''Voice Inside the Head:''' Go forth, become a transcendent one, rise beyond the fate bestowed upon you...
:{{A|vo szaq203 9 schickzal 06.ogg}} '''Voice Inside the Head:''' And I shall shed a tear at the end of time... as I gaze back upon your life.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...Who in the world are you? What do these words mean?)
:'''Voice Inside the Head:''' ...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The voice... it's gone...)
:;(The crystal glows and wisps of purple energy fly into Eide's body)
:{{A|vo szaq203 9 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq203 9 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' !!!
:{{DIcon}} ...Eide?
:{{A|vo szaq203 9 eide 03.ogg}} '''Eide:''' *pant* *pant* ...What just happened?
:{{A|vo szaq203 9 eide 04.ogg}} '''Eide:''' When I saw that thing, my heart was instantly at peace... I&mdash;I was overcome by a sense of awe... or joy, perhaps.
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright now?
:{{A|vo szaq203 9 eide 05.ogg}} '''Eide:''' I am... I feel good, in fact... I&mdash;I feel better than I did before I came in here. How peculiar...
:{{DIcon}} Something's not right about this place. We need to get out of here.
:{{A|vo szaq203 9 eide 06.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Oh, i&mdash;is that so? Alright, as you wish.
:{{Black Screen|You leave the ominous cave and return to Eide's house.}}
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 01.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Caribert! Oh, thank goodness. He's still okay.
:{{DIcon}} Don't we still need to go to the {{sic|[[Statue of The Seven|Statue of the Seven]]}}?
:{{DIcon}} Why are we back here?
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 02.ogg}} '''Eide:''' I... I have a strange feeling that what just happened was meant to be.
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 03.ogg}} '''Eide:''' For this to happen right at the moment when I was dreading worshiping at a {{sic|Statue of the Seven}}... it's as if fate was calling to me.
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 04.ogg}} '''Eide:''' You say that I bowed before that thing, so perhaps... it might be just as effective?
:{{DIcon}} That sounds like a ridiculous idea...
:{{DIcon}} But if you insist...
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 05.ogg}} '''Eide:''' I have to try. No matter what. ...You said it yourself: I have to exhaust all options.
:{{Black Screen|Another dose of medicine is administered to the hilichurl...}}
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 06.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Caribert...?
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 caribert 01.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' ...
:;(Caribert opens his eyes to see Eide)
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 caribert 02.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' ...P&mdash;Papa...?
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 07.ogg}} '''Eide:''' *gasp* ...Caribert! Oh, my goodness, it worked! It's a miracle!!! Oh, Caribert, my dear son...
:{{DIcon}} I can't believe it...
:{{DIcon}} I'm stunned.
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 08.ogg}} '''Eide:''' You see!? It worked! Caribert can speak again!
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 caribert 03.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' Where's... Mama?
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 09.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Mama is... Caribert, look at me. Do you know who I am?
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 caribert 04.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' Of course... You're Papa.
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 10.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Hahahaha... Yes! Haha... Salvation, sweet salvation... Yes, this is what this feeling is...
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 11.ogg}} '''Eide:''' How do you feel, Caribert? Are you fully awake now?
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 caribert 05.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' Yes... it feels like I just woke up from a long, long sleep. I dreamed that I was hiding in a little room. I didn't dare go out the whole time, and I didn't want to either...
:;(Caribert looks down and sees his hands and feet)
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 caribert 06.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' Wait...
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 caribert 07.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' My body! What happened to me? Is this... is this me?
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 caribert 08.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' Papa... What's happened to me!?
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 12.ogg}} '''Eide:''' ...
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 13.ogg}} '''Eide:''' ...Don't panic, son. It's just... while you were sleeping, we went into a fairytale world.
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 14.ogg}} '''Eide:''' There's no more [[Khaenri'ah]] here, no more home &mdash; but do you know what that means? No more red sky... no more end of the world.
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 15.ogg}} '''Eide:''' In this world, you have to be a little monster... but you get to stay with Papa forever.
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 caribert 09.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' Am I... dead?
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 16.ogg}} '''Eide:''' No, no, of course not! Look, Caribert... you still have Mama's scarf on your arm. That means she's watching over you, protecting you. So how could you be dead?
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 caribert 10.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' Really...?
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 17.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Yes, really! You've only just woken up, and this must all be very confusing for you. Just rest here for now... Things will get better.
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 18.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Oh, and um... you have to promise me something...
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 19.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Never take off your mask.
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 20.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Understand? Whatever happens, you mustn't take it off...
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 caribert 11.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' Okay, Papa... I won't, I promise...
:{{Black Screen|Father and son talk for a long while. Eide seems like a changed man after his religious experience...}}
:;(Eide and the Traveler talk outside the house)
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 21.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Not since that day have I been so glad as I am now... I can't believe this is really happening...
:{{DIcon}} Yeah...
:{{DIcon}} It's unbelievable.
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 22.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Hmph, I knew that placing my hope in [[The Seven]] was a waste of time... I even worshiped at one of their statues like a common fool. Never before have I humiliated myself like that...
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 23.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Once a murderer, always a murderer... I was naive to think that the gods who conspired against us would ever offer redemption.
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 24.ogg}} '''Eide:''' But the god we saw in that cave... Now that was a truly mighty god! Nothing like one of The Seven!
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 25.ogg}} '''Eide:''' That wondrous power... It was truly enchanting... Surely, that must have been the reason I bowed down?
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 26.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Hmm, now then... after one beseeches a god, and the god responds by answering their prayers, should they, um... do something to show their devotion?
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 27.ogg}} '''Eide:''' Piety is hardly my area of expertise... but surely I should honor the god that has honored my wishes.
:{{DIcon}} But Eide... that was not a god.
:{{DIcon}} That was... a "Sinner."
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 28.ogg}} '''Eide:''' A "Sinner"? Don't be absurd. You don't know a single thing about him... how dare you utter such blasphemy?
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 29.ogg}} '''Eide:''' You and I have both witnessed his divine power. When have The Seven worked a miracle like this before? Never... He is a god mightier than they! And yet you would call him a "Sinner"? Preposterous!
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 30.ogg}} '''Eide:''' No matter... Believe what you will. You cannot shake my faith.
:{{A|vo szaq203 10 eide 31.ogg}} '''Eide:''' I am going to pay my respects &mdash; with or without you.
:{{DIcon}} You...
:{{DIcon}} Fine, go ahead.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Eide's experience has deeply affected him... Not that he was particularly stable to begin with, but this... religious fervor is something else...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I guess I'd better catch up with him anyway. There are monsters everywhere... I can't stand by and let him fall into their hands.)
:;(Eide begins to leave and the Traveler runs behind him to catch up)

;(Talk to Caribert, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog szaq203 caribert 01.ogg}} '''Caribert:''' Do you live in the fairytale world as well? My name's Caribert, nice to meet you...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Lamenter at Fate's End
|zhs     = 命运尽头的垂泪者
|zhs_rm  = Mìngyùn Jìntóu de Chuílèi-zhě
|zht     = 命運盡頭的垂淚者
|zht_rm  = Mìngyùn Jìntóu de Chuílèi-zhě
|zh_tl   = The One Who Sheds Tears at Fate's End
|ja      = 運命の終点で涙を零す者
|ja_rm   = Unmei no Shuuten de Namida wo Kobosu Mono
|ja_tl   = The One Who Sheds Tears at Fate's End
|ko      = 운명<->의 끝에서 눈물 흘리는 자
|ko_tl   = The One Who Weeps At the End of Destiny
|es      = Lágrimas en el final del destino
|es_tl   = Tears at the End of Destiny
|fr      = Un lamenteur à la fin du destin
|fr_tl   = A Lamenter at Fate's End
|ru      = Плач на закате судьбы
|ru_tl   = A Cry at Fate's Fall
|th      = ผู้หลั่งน้ำตา ณ ปลายทางของโชคชะตา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kẻ Rơi Lệ Nơi Cuối Vận Mệnh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Weinende am Ende der Zeit
|de_tl   = The Weeping One At the End of Time
|id      = Dia yang Meratap di Ujung Takdir
|id_tl   = He Who Lament at the Edge of Fate
|pt      = Um Lamentador no Fim do Destino
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kader Matemi
|tr_tl   = Destiny Mourning
|it      = Un lamento ai confini del Destino
|it_tl   = A Lament at the Borders of the Destiny
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter III}}

[[es:Lágrimas en el final del destino]]
[[ja:運命の終点で涙を零す者]]
[[vi:Kẻ Rơi Lệ Nơi Cuối Vận Mệnh]]