{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70121
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Dragonspine
|summary       = After discovering a journal, the Traveler heads to Stevens, hoping to find answers. After discovering the origins of the books, he/she also uncovers the authors' fate.
|startLocation = [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]]
|exp           = 400
|mora          = 40,000
|primogems     = 50
|rep           = Mondstadt
|repAmt        = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|characters    = Paimon; Stevens; Traveler
}}
'''A Land Entombed''' is a [[world quest]] that occurs in [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
Start the quest by picking up one of the [[Ancient Investigation Journal]]s in [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]]. (Location in Notes)
#Return to the base camp and ask the researchers for clues regarding the journal.
#Obtain two of the following steps, based on which books you don't yet have:
#*(If you have not found Book 1) Go to the "cellar in the southwestern ruins" to search for journals
#*(If you have not found Book 2) Head for the "secret chamber" to search for journals
#*(If you have not found Book 3) Head to "South Base Camp" to search for journals
#Give the gathered journals to [[Stevens]]

==Ancient Investigation Journals==
*[[Ancient Investigation Journal: Part I]] - Found in the Exquisite Chest near the [[Entombed City - Ancient Palace]] cave door. (On the world map, it is in the region below the word City.)
*[[Ancient Investigation Journal: Part II]] - Found in a chest beneath the ice lake puzzle left of Starglow Cavern.
*[[Ancient Investigation Journal: Part III]] - Found on a shelf in Starglow Cavern. (On the world map, it is located in the area by the "ar" in "Starglow.")

==Notes==
<!-- Any notes that will help complete the quest -->
*Completing this quest grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[Snow-Stored History]]."
*The [[Ragged Records]] are related to this quest, but are not required for the quest itself.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
{{Quest Description|You discover a strange journal in the mountains that tells of the secrets of a certain kingdom. Perhaps someone at the camp may know more about this journal...}}
;(After picking up an Ancient Investigation Journal)
:'''Paimon:''' What's this?
:'''Paimon:''' Seems like some sort of records left behind by someone who once investigated the area.
:'''Paimon:''' (Traveler), Paimon bets these will be of great value&mdash; Um, historical value to someone. Let's go ask around.
----
;(Talk to Stevens)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I found this.
:'''Stevens:''' Huh? Up on the mountain? Let me take a look...
:'''Stevens:''' Wow, what a find! This is a priceless treasure.
:{{DIcon}} Treasure...?
:'''Paimon:''' Treasure!?
:'''Stevens:''' ...A treasure trove of knowledge for the history enthusiast, I mean.
:'''Stevens:''' Once, on a research trip, I read some ancient historical annals.
:'''Stevens:''' I remember one of them, from before the time of the Knights of Favonius, talked about a team sent by the aristocrats to investigate the mountain.
:'''Stevens:''' For some reason, though, the annals provide next to no details about what the investigation team found...
:'''Stevens:''' If this is one of the journals kept by that investigation team, it will serve as an immensely valuable historical source for researchers.
:'''Stevens:''' Would you be willing to go back into the mountains and see if you can find any more of them?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me!
::'''Stevens:''' Really? Thank you ever so much!
:{{DIcon}} Depends if there's treasure...
::'''Stevens:''' Haha, in terms of material wealth... I can't guarantee there will be.
::'''Stevens:''' But for helping me, I will make sure to provide you with compensation of a suitably material nature. A reward for your great contribution to academic research.
:'''Stevens:''' Based on what I'm reading here... The team investigated three sites in total.
:'''Stevens:''' One of them was where you found this &mdash; so that leaves two more.
:'''Stevens:''' Let me see... here, and... here. I've marked them out on your map.
:'''Stevens:''' Thank you for agreeing to this, and please be careful out there!
----
{{Quest Description|update|According to the researcher Stevens, these journals belong to Mondstadt aristocrats who lived before the era of the Knights of Favonius and who came to explore Dragonspine. Carefully reading these journals might show you where they went...}}

;(Upon reaching the "secret chamber")
:'''Paimon:''' This is one of the places mentioned by Stevens too.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow... This door's huge! Do you think the journal is somewhere around here?
:'''Paimon:''' Let's look around.

;(After obtaining [[Ancient Investigation Journal: Part I]] from the Exquisite Chest at the "secret chamber")
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the journal we're looking for. Why is it here... Never mind, let's take a look!

;(Trying to solve the first Seelie puzzle at the "cellar in the southwestern ruins")
:'''Paimon:''' Um... These mechanisms shut down on their own.
:'''Paimon:''' It seems that we should focus on these two Seelie's {{Color|buzzword|movement patterns}}...

;(Upon reaching the second Seelie puzzle at the "cellar in the southwestern ruins")
:'''Paimon:''' This is one of the places mentioned by Stevens too.
:'''Paimon:''' But this looks like a swimming pool... There's no cellar in sight...
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... Unless that cellar is under the ice.

;(Trying to solve the second Seelie puzzle at the "cellar in the southwestern ruins")
:'''Paimon:''' Yikes, it's even more complicated than back up there.
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... Paimon really wants to give these Seelie an ugly nickname!

;(Trying to solve the second Seelie puzzle at the "cellar in the southwestern ruins")
:'''Paimon:''' How are we supposed to activate all these mechanisms at once? Hmm...
:'''Paimon:''' Feels like we're going in circles &mdash; just like these Seelie...

;(Upon solving the second Seelie puzzle at the "cellar in the southwestern ruins")
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, be careful!

;(After obtaining [[Ancient Investigation Journal: Part II]] from the Exquisite Chest in the "cellar in the southwestern ruins")
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the journal we're looking for. What's written inside? Paimon's curious!

;(After obtaining [[Ancient Investigation Journal: Part III]] from the Exquisite Chest in the "South Base Camp")
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the journal we're looking for. No time to waste, open it!
----
{{Quest Description|update|After searching through the snow, you found a total of three different journals at three different locations. The information contained within them seems to point to some sort of conspiracy... Perhaps Stevens will be able to shed some more light on the situation.}}

;(Return to Stevens after obtaining all three journals)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About those journals...
:'''Stevens:''' You found the rest of them? Amazing! Here, let me take a look...
:'''Stevens:''' Hmm... Wow, my goodness... Wait, if this detail is correct...
:{{DIcon}} What have you found out?
:'''Stevens:''' Oh, uh... Sorry, I was lost in thought. Ahem.
:'''Stevens:''' Thank you, these investigation journals are of rather significant historical value. There is a serious dearth of detail on this topic in the existing literature, as all the available sources only make passing reference to some mysterious investigation team formed once by the aristocrats...
:'''Stevens:''' These journals you found will help fill in some major gaps in the historical record.
:'''Stevens:''' Now, we finally have answers to the questions of why so little information on the investigation appears elsewhere &mdash; and why nothing of relevance beyond the initial departure of the team is recorded in the annals.
:{{DIcon}} I think I understand what happened, too.
:'''Stevens:''' Yes, well... Although there are still a fair few minor details to straighten out, the overal picture is becoming very clear.
:'''Paimon:''' ...Paimon doesn't get it!
:'''Stevens:''' Well, all the evidence &mdash; or lack thereof &mdash; would suggest that not one member of the investigation returned to Mondstadt. But, these journals suggest there's a chance that one of them, called [[Eberhart]], may have managed to escape...
:'''Stevens:''' Since there is no record of his return in Mondstadt, however... The million-Mora question is: Where did he go?
:'''Stevens:''' Many other details need corroborating, too...
:'''Stevens:''' But without a doubt, this doesn't detract from how valuable these are as historical sources.
:'''Stevens:''' I am most grateful to you. Please take this for your trouble.
:'''Stevens:''' Any other books you find while out exploring the mountains, I'd be much obliged if you could bring them to me on your return.
:'''Stevens:''' Eberhart... Where did you go...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/0r23-yegu-0
|caption1 = A Land Entombed Quest Guide

|video2   = M3KDK59AVUw
|caption2 = A Land Entombed (Guide)
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Land Entombed
|zhs     = 覆雪之国
|zhs_rm  = Fùxuě zhī Guó
|zht     = 覆雪之國
|zht_rm  = Fùxuě zhī Guó
|zh_tl   = Snow-Covered Nation
|ja      = 雪に覆われた国
|ja_rm   = Yuki ni Oowareta Kuni
|ja_tl   = A Region Covered in Snow
|ko      = 눈 덮인 나라
|ko_rm   = Nun Deopin Nara
|ko_tl   = Snow-Covered Country
|es      = Un reino bajo la nieve
|es_tl   = Undersnow Kingdom
|fr      = Royaume sous les neiges
|fr_tl   = Undersnow Kingdom
|ru      = Погребённое королевство
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ดินแดนที่ปกคลุมไปด้วยหิมะ
|th_rm   = Din daen thi pkoklum pai duai hima
|th_tl   = Land Covered with Snow
|vi      = {{tt|Vương Quốc|王国}} {{tt|Tuyết|雪}} {{tt|Phủ|撫}}
|vi_tl   = Snow-Covered Kingdom
|de      = Eingeschneites Land
|de_tl   = Snowbound Country
|id      = Negeri yang Tertutup Salju
|id_tl   = Snow-Covered Country
|pt      = País da Neve
|pt_tl   = Country of Snow
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}