{{Stub|Images}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74127
|image         = World Quest A Letter.png
|type          = World
|group         = 
|requirement   = 
* Complete [[Fontaine Research Institute Chronicles]]
|characters    = Choiseul; Desnos; Iaune; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[New Fontaine Research Institute]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Liffey Region;Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region
|subarea       = New Fontaine Research Institute
|poi           = Academic Assembly Hall;Mary-Ann Memorial Park;Qualifications Review Representative Office
|prev          = A Certain Stamp
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3
|rep           = Fontaine
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 572
}}
'''''A Letter''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[New Fontaine Research Institute]], [[Fontaine]] which is only available after a [[Reset|daily reset]] following the completion of both the {{Quest|A Certain Stamp}} and {{Quest|Fontaine Research Institute Chronicles}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the Fontaine Research Institute
# Go to the [[Mary-Ann Memorial Park]]
# Defeat all the malfunctioning meka 
#* {{Enemy|Recon Log Mek - Ousia|x=3}}
# Go to the [[Academic Assembly Hall]]
# Take pictures around the perimeter and give them to [[Iaune]]
# Go to the [[Qualifications Review Representative Office]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* The daily reset only needs to happen for the World Quest that is completed first. For example, if ''Fontaine Research Institute Chronicles'' is completed first and then ''A Certain Stamp'' is completed after the server reset, then this quest will be triggered immediately.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You meet Iaune again at the Fontaine Research Institute...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach [[Choiseul]] and Iaune)
:'''Choiseul:''' ...Just like I stressed before, dear Gestionnaire, that's how the procedure goes and there's nothing I can do.
:'''Choiseul:''' Mr. [[Roialte]] did send the list of required documents and I do have them ready.
:'''Choiseul:''' However, you can't simply come over and take any document. That does not conform with our letter delivery regulations.
:{{DIcon}} Huh? Iaune!
:{{DIcon}} Then I'll fly over here with you later.
::'''Iaune:''' {{Traveler}}! So glad to see you. What luck!
:'''Paimon:''' Hi, Iaune. You're looking good!
:'''Iaune:''' You as well. It's all thanks to the help I've received from Mr. Roialte and Mr. [[Semaine]].
:'''Choiseul:''' You know {{Traveler}} too, Iaune?
:'''Iaune:''' Of course. {{Traveler}} did me a huge favor before. Without {{MC|m=him|f=her}}, I wouldn't still be working at the [[Maison Gestion]].
:'''Choiseul:''' Really? No wonder {{Traveler}} is an Honorary Senior Researcher of the Institute, hahahaha!
:{{DIcon}} I'm very good at providing moral support.
:{{DIcon}} All I did was fix the Autostamper 3000.
:'''Iaune:''' Regardless, without your support, I'm sure... I couldn't have made it...
:'''Iaune:''' I believe I heard Mr. Choiseul call you an Honorary Senior Researcher of the Institute just now?
:{{DIcon}} Bingo. I even have the certificate.
:'''Paimon:''' And a photo! Paimon's in it, too, but Paimon didn't get a certificate...
:'''Choiseul:''' Yes, in recognition of {{Traveler}}'s merits and achievements, the Institute has granted {{MC|m=him|f=her}} the title of Honorary Senior Researcher.
:'''Choiseul:''' As for what those "achievements" are... I'll let {{MC|m=him|f=her}} speak for {{MC|m=himself|f=herself}}. Let's talk business first.
:'''Choiseul:''' I really cannot hand that document to you right now, Iaune.
:'''Choiseul:''' But as for what you asked earlier that you'd like a researcher to guide you over and take some pictures near the Institute... That's no problem at all!
:'''Choiseul:''' I think {{Traveler}} might just be suited to the job. {{MC|m=He|f=She}} knows the surroundings like the back of {{MC|m=his|f=her}} hand, and shall be more than equal to the task.
:'''Choiseul:''' What do you say, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} No problem. Leave it to me.
:{{DIcon}} I'm happy to help Iaune out.
:'''Iaune:''' You're so kind. As long as you're there, it should be fine. When I came, all I saw were out-of-control meka and monsters...
:'''Iaune:''' But taking pictures isn't the priority here. Truth be told, Mr. Choiseul...
:'''Choiseul:''' I'd love to help you too, Iaune, but the procedure is procedure and my hands are tied. Please don't make it hard on a lowly public official who only knows how to stamp documents.
:'''Iaune:''' All right, I'll discuss this with Mr. Roialte later, after I return...
:'''Iaune:''' Goodbye, Mr. Choiseul. Have a nice day.
:'''Choiseul:''' Thank you. I hope you enjoy your time at the Fontaine Research Institute.
:'''Iaune:''' It's your turn to be the guide now, {{Traveler}}. Why don't we go to the Mary-Ann Memorial Park first?

;(Talk to Choiseul, optional)
:'''Choiseul:''' Raimondo still isn't back yet... What is he up to?
----
;(Approach Mary-Ann Memorial Park)
:'''Iaune:''' Those meka look like they are out of control. I noticed as soon as I arrived.
:'''Iaune:''' I even took the long route just to bypass them...
:'''Iaune:''' *sigh* The Fontaine Research Institute is just letting them run wild here, and doing nothing about them...

;(After defeating the Recon Log Meks)
:'''Iaune:''' Uh, is this the Mary-Ann Memorial Park? I can't tell it's a park at all...
:'''Iaune:''' Mr. Roialte will be disappointed. He was hoping to have someone make a speech here.
:'''Iaune:''' Looking around, a speech is out of the question. There's not even an iconic landmark here, and it's not good for group photos.
:{{DIcon}} You can take some meka back with you as a memento.
:'''Iaune:''' You're funny, but there's no room in the Maison Gestion for such things.
:'''Iaune:''' And even if I could, I'd still have to have the meka appraised, reported, categorized, then stored...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! We're only joking. No need to get so focused on work all of a sudden...
:'''Iaune:''' Speaking of reports... I still can't get that document. Mr. Roialte will be disappointed again...
:{{DIcon}} Is Choiseul making it difficult for you?
::'''Iaune:''' Not exactly. My request was not quite by-the-book, so it's no surprise that he rejected it.
:{{DIcon}} What were you and Choiseul discussing back there?
:'''Iaune:''' As you may know, the Institute is making plans to rebuild, right? Certain resources and personnel arrangements have to be made through the Maison Gestion.
:'''Iaune:''' The Maison Gestion takes this matter very seriously, so it had Mr. Roialte select a team to conduct field studies in and around the vicinity.
:'''Iaune:''' Therefore, Mr. Roialte stayed behind at the Maison Gestion to do the head count, while I am to visit the Institute to coordinate the reception.
:'''Iaune:''' It happens that the Institute has a letter for the Maison Gestion, so I thought since I'm here already, I might as well bring it back with me...
:'''Iaune:''' But Mr. Choiseul insisted it was a violation of proper procedure and simply would not give it to me.
:'''Paimon:''' Violation of procedure? What procedure?
:{{DIcon}} There are proper procedures for picking up a document?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, don't tell Paimon there's gonna be running around for approvals, signatures, and listening to bureaucrats babble on endlessly as well...
:'''Iaune:''' Simply put, most official correspondence within the Maison Gestion must be mailed.
:'''Paimon:''' What? Then... What if the departments mailing the letter are on the same street, or even right across from each other?
:'''Iaune:''' Yes, you still have to mail it. That's for the purpose of being "traceable."
:{{DIcon}} Gestionnaires sure aren't afraid of work.
:'''Iaune:''' I suppose everyone is just used to it all by now...
:'''Iaune:''' Never mind, let's just go to the next spot. Let me check the memo Mr. Roialte left for me... Uh...
:'''Iaune:''' This place is called... the Institute's Academic Assembly Hall. Strange... I didn't see any buildings with such a sign when I came.
:{{DIcon}} I know where it is, just follow me.
:'''Iaune:''' I knew I could depend on you! What would I do without you?
:'''Iaune:''' Let's hurry, then. There might be more out-of-control meka around here...
----
;(Approach the Academic Assembly Hall)
:'''Iaune:''' Is this the Academic Assembly Hall?
:'''Iaune:''' I admit, the structure does look like a hall, but what's academic about it?
:{{DIcon}} The academic part is in the researchers' heads.
:{{DIcon}} The rocks aren't academic, that's for sure.
:'''Iaune:''' All right, good thing I didn't come for anything academic today. Anyway, the building seems relatively... intact.
:{{DIcon}} Intact is all it has left.
:'''Iaune:''' Ahem! Come on, let's look around. I think this place is perfect for a group photo.
:'''Iaune:''' I should go find a good vantage point so I won't be at a complete loss if Mr. Roialte grills me.
:'''Iaune:''' Please take a few pictures for me too, {{Traveler}}. I heard you're a good photographer, certainly better than me!
:{{DIcon}} I got this.

;(Take a picture at the marked location)
;(Obtain {{Item|"Academic Assembly Hall" Picture}})

;(Talk to Iaune)
:'''Iaune:''' This one isn't bad... Have you finished taking pictures yet?
:{{DIcon}} Yes.
:;(Submit {{Item|"Academic Assembly Hall" Picture}})
:{{DIcon}} Almost.
::'''Iaune:''' Once you're done, please show them to me.

;(After submitting the picture)
:'''Iaune:''' Oh my... Too high, far too high!
:{{DIcon}} Are you describing the Institute's academic level?
:'''Iaune:''' No, I'm marveling at the height of this place! Though the Institute's academics were certainly up there too...
:'''Iaune:''' But now... *sigh* Who could've foreseen so many hardships for the Institute? And who knows how smooth the reconstruction will be...
:'''Iaune:''' The last stop is... The Fontaine Research Institute Qualifications Review Representative Office.
:{{DIcon}} All in one breath, impressive.
:'''Iaune:''' Thank you. But where is it? I didn't notice any such office in the Institute.
:{{DIcon}} Is [[Desnos]] in charge of the office?
:'''Iaune:''' Yes! That's right! You know even this place? I shouldn't be surprised that the Honorary Senior Researcher knows everything about the Institute!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon remembers now! Is it that office in the ruins? If you can count that as an office...
:'''Iaune:''' Maybe Mr. Desnos shortened the name to make it easy for you to understand.
:'''Iaune:''' Please lead the way. I have to get some files from Mr. Desnos too. Once I have them, I can return to the Maison Gestion.
:'''Iaune:''' It's been such an uneventful day today. I should be able to go back and relax soon. The Fontaine Research Institute sure does things differently from... Ahem, I didn't say a thing.
----
;(Talk to Desnos)
:'''Desnos:''' O Archons save me, may no more meka causing trouble... What are you doing here, Iaune?
:'''Iaune:''' Mr. Roialte has sent me here to conduct an inspection, so I thought I'd drop by and bring you some coffee.
:'''Iaune:''' But I have to say that your working environment is indeed... quite difficult. I thought this "office" would at least have an actual room.
:'''Desnos:''' Thank you for the coffee, my dear Iaune. As for the work environment... I'm content with what I have. Look around, at least I'm working under an intact ceiling.
:{{DIcon}} Are you still in charge of the qualifications review?
:'''Desnos:''' {{Traveler}}! No... I should call you Honorary Senior Researcher! Glad to see you.
:'''Desnos:''' And what's with that sad look, Iaune?
:'''Iaune:''' *sigh*... It's like this...
:{{Black Screen|With a long face, Iaune recounts all that has happened...}}
:'''Desnos:''' Hmm... Is the correspondence some sort of classified document?
:'''Iaune:''' It can't be. Replies like this are typically in the vein of "Got it," "I have no questions," "I don't know," or something similar...
:'''Iaune:''' At most, it's copied to different departments to let them know it's something they should care about.
:'''Desnos:''' Oh, no wonder I got a copy of the letter too... Have a look, is this it?
:'''Iaune:''' What!? But Mr. Choiseul clearly said he hadn't mailed it yet!
:'''Iaune:''' ...Oh, he must've meant that the external letters haven't been sent out yet.
:{{DIcon}} Once more, he failed to tell the whole story.
:'''Paimon:''' People from the Institute are really good at getting under your skin, huh...
:'''Desnos:''' Judging from your reaction, this must be the document you wanted. I've read it several times already, myself.
:{{DIcon}} This is identical to the document you wanted.
:'''Desnos:''' Very astute, {{Traveler}}. I'm sure all the letters that Choiseul sent out are the same, Iaune.
:'''Desnos:''' Why don't you just take my copy back with you?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, what? If Iaune takes it, then won't you have lost yours?
:'''Desnos:''' Hahahaha, look at me! Nobody will care if someone in my position accidentally loses a nonessential letter.
:{{DIcon}} Not a bad idea.
:{{DIcon}} That does solve the problem, doesn't it?
:'''Desnos:''' See, Iaune, I'm not just mooching coffee off you!
:'''Iaune:''' No, Monsieur, I cannot do that. It's against regulations. I'll go back and wait for the official letter to be delivered.
:'''Desnos:''' My dear Iaune, think outside the box, don't be a fool! Why must you insist on making it hard for yourself?
:'''Desnos:''' Who knows when that letter will get to you! The sooner you get it, the sooner you can start working and settle all that mess.
:'''Iaune:''' No, Monsieur. Thank you, but I will not violate regulations. My duty as a civil servant demands it.
:'''Iaune:''' {{Traveler}}, Mr. Desnos, and Paimon, I must leave now. Mr. Roialte is still waiting for me to report back.
:{{Black Screen|Iaune walks away with solemn, heavy steps...}}
:'''Desnos:''' *sigh* Iaune can be such a fool. His brains have gone all rotten, haven't they?
:'''Desnos:''' Everyone else tries to make things easier for themselves, yet he insists on going through the motions, even for small things like this.
:{{DIcon}} That's just his character.
:{{DIcon}} That's just the person Iaune is.
:'''Desnos:''' Admirable, yet scary at the same time. No wonder he has few friends in the Maison Gestion other than Roialte and Semaine.
:{{DIcon}} I'm his friend too.
:'''Paimon:''' So is Paimon, so is Paimon!
:'''Desnos:''' That's good. You should be around him more often. I feel Iaune's nerves are getting more and more frayed by the day...
:'''Desnos:''' As for the letter, I'll see what I can do. I'll pay Mr. Choiseul a visit and ask him to let me mail them out.
:'''Desnos:''' If he agrees, I'll send one to Iaune as quickly as possible.
:'''Desnos:''' *sigh* It takes a lot of effort to be friends with a fool...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Letter
|zhs     = 一份信函
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 一份信函
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 一通の手紙
|ja_rm   = Ittsu no Tegami
|ja_tl   = A Letter
|ko      = 한 통의 우편물
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = A Letter
|es      = Una carta
|es_tl   = A Letter
|fr      = Une lettre
|fr_tl   = A Letter
|ru      = Письмо
|ru_tl   = A Letter
|th      = จดหมายฉบับหนึ่ง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Một Lá Thư
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Brief
|de_tl   = A Letter
|id      = Sepucuk Surat
|id_tl   = A Letter
|pt      = Uma Carta
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bir Mektup
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Una lettera
|it_tl   = A Letter
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}