{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20049
|type          = Commission
|summary       = Nimrod wants to go drinking, so he asks the Traveler and Paimon to distract Eury while she is out shopping. After completing his request, the Traveler and Paimon come back to see him elated to have more drinking time.
|npc           = Nimrod
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|characters    = Eury; Nimrod; Quinn; Paimon; Traveler
|other         = 
* AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''A Little Booze Doesn't Hurt...''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Nimrod]]
#Find [[Eury]]
#Give the [[Sunsettia]] (×5)
#Report back to Nimrod

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Nimrod wants to enjoy a few drinks from the tavern, but he needs some help to deal with his wife...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Nimrod)
:'''Nimrod:''' Boy do I need a drink...
:'''Nimrod:''' But if Eury catches me drinking, it'll be the end of me.
:{{DIcon}} Is everything okay?
:'''Nimrod:''' Huh? Oh... It's fine, I just fancy a little drink is all.
:'''Nimrod:''' My wife Eury can't stand it when I drink, though, so I never touch the stuff at home.
:'''Nimrod:''' All I can do is wait till she's gone out shopping and then slip out for a few quick ones.
:{{DIcon}} The first step is admitting you have a problem...
:'''Nimrod:''' Hey! Don't be like that. I'm hardly the only person in Mondstadt who's fond of a drink.
:'''Nimrod:''' But could you go and distract Eury for a while? Just long enough for one or two brews, you know?
:'''Nimrod:''' Whenever Eury goes shopping, all it takes is a little too much choice and she'll be there all day trying to make up her mind!
:'''Nimrod:''' She's guaranteed to keep thinking it over as long as you can keep making sure there's another option...
:{{DIcon}} Okay...
::'''Nimrod:''' Haha, excellent! May your glasses forever flow with the fine wine of good fortune, my friends!
:{{DIcon}} How long do you plan on drinking for, exactly?
::'''Nimrod:''' Ho-ho, well that depends how long you can...
::'''Nimrod:''' ...N&mdash;No, I just need enough time to enjoy one nice drink without having to down it...
::'''Nimrod:''' Just the one, I swear! You can always trust a tavern-goer in Mondstadt!
----
;(Find Eury)
:'''Paimon:''' Check it out &mdash; there's Eury.
:'''Paimon:''' It looks like she's battling with indecision as we speak...
;(Talk to Eury)
:'''Eury:''' Hmm... Sunsettias or apples? Decisions, decisions...
:'''Eury:''' *sigh* I wish Nimrod were here, I'd just pick what he wants...
:'''Quinn:''' Apologies, Eury ma'am. We're all out of sunsettias.
:'''Eury:''' Oh, I see. Well, I guess it will have to be apples, then.
:'''Quinn:''' Ooh... Sorry Eury, I think these apples are starting to turn...
:'''Eury:''' Really? Hmm... but there's no other choice.
:'''Paimon:''' Allow us!
:'''Eury:''' Huh? Allow you to...?
:{{DIcon}} To help.
:'''Paimon:''' Relax. We'll find some fresh {{Color|buzzword|sunsettias}} for you.
:'''Quinn:''' ...You will? Um, well thanks...!
:'''Eury:''' This is great, Nimrod much prefers sunsettias to apples. I'll wait here then.
----
;(Give the sunsettia to Quinn)
:'''Quinn:''' Did you find any sunsettias?
:{{DIcon}} Will these do?
:;(Sunsettia ×5 removed from inventory)
:'''Quinn:''' Gosh, that's plenty! This is amazing, thank you!
:'''Eury:''' They look really good!
:'''Eury:''' ...But these apples are so cheap. Maybe I should get some of each?
----
;(Return to Nimrod)
:'''Nimrod:''' Y&mdash;You're back? What's the... situation with Eury?
:'''Paimon:''' Judging by the smell, I'd say he's had more than one...
:{{DIcon}} Eury is struggling with a big decision as we speak.
:'''Nimrod:''' Great... great! I, uh... I guess I have time for another then! Bartender&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' Oi! You said just the one! You said you swear!
:'''Nimrod:''' Hehe... I did, didn't I? Just the one... I swear&mdash; I swear this next one is just the one for me! Haha! Bartender...
:'''Nimrod:''' Thank you, my friends. Please, take these. My gift to you.
:'''Nimrod:''' Now, I must get back to my wine! Wine o'clock doesn't come every day...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Little Booze Doesn't Hurt...
|zhs     = 蒙德酒客
|zhs_rm  = Méngdé Jiu Kè
|zht     = 蒙德酒客
|zht_rm  = Méngdé Jiǔ Kè
|zh_tl   = Mondstadt's Drinker
|ja      = モンドの酒飲み
|ja_rm   = Mondo no Sakenomi
|ja_tl   = Mondstadt's Heavy Drinker
|ko      = 몬드 주객
|ko_tl   = Mondstadt Drinker
|es      = Un poco de alcohol no hace daño...
|es_tl   = A Little Booze Doesn't Hurt...
|fr      = Un dernier verre
|fr_tl   = One Last Drink
|ru      = Ещё по одной
|ru_tl   = One More Round
|th      = ดื่มสุรานิดเดียวไม่ทำร้ายใคร...
|th_rm   = Duem Su-ra Nitdiao Mai Thamrai Khrai...
|th_tl   = A Little Booze Doesn't Hurt Anyone...
|vi      = Khách uống rượu ở Mondstadt
|vi_tl   = Drinking Guest at Mondstadt
|de      = Ein Gläschen hat noch keinem geschadet
|de_tl   = A Glass Didn't Hurt Nobody Yet
|id      = Sedikit Anggur Saja...
|id_tl   = Just a Little Bit of Wine...
|pt      = Um Copo não Faz Mal a Ninguém
|pt_tl   = One Cup Doesn't Hurt Anyone
|tr      = İki Duble İçer Kalkarım Zaten...
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un po' di alcol non fa mai male...
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:Un poco de alcohol no hace daño...]]
[[fr:Un dernier verre]]
[[ru:Ещё по одной]]