{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73506
|image         = Event Quest A Librarian's Long and Carefree Vacation.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Second Blooming
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Effendi; Gafoor; Lisa; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Treasures Street]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Adventurer's Experience*2;Wanderer's Advice*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Second Blooming]] Event.
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Librarian's Long and Carefree Vacation''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Second Blooming]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Effendi]]
# Enter [[Puspa Café]]
# Go to the [[Mawtiyima Forest]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Effendi, the Akademiya's Liaison Officer, is looking for suitable volunteers for a long-term research project under the Spantamad Darshan...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Effendi)
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 effendi 01.ogg}} '''Effendi:''' Greetings! Welcome to the [[Citadel of Regzar]]. Would you be interested in taking on some commissions?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are there any easy jobs where we can earn loads of Mora for just standing around? Oh, better yet, for sitting around! That's the kind of task we're interested in now.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 effendi 02.ogg}} '''Effendi:''' Uh, ahem... We don't currently have any commissions like that. However, I do have some relatively simple requests from residents that will pay several thousand [[Mora]].
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really, that's all? That isn't nearly enough for Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} The more Mora, the better.
:{{DIcon}} We want something a little more lucrative.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah. Effendi, are there any high-paying commissions available?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 effendi 03.ogg}} '''Effendi:''' Ah, I see. Let me think... [[Spantamad]] recently initiated a research project on the Ley Lines and is looking for paid volunteers.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 effendi 04.ogg}} '''Effendi:''' There are several researchers in Spantamad who specialize in studying Ley Lines, so there is a great demand for Ley Lines data. Researchers often need to enter Domains to investigate Ley Line Disorders.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 effendi 05.ogg}} '''Effendi:''' They have been understaffed for some time, even after recruiting a good number of their own students. So now they've turned to recruiting large numbers of volunteers.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 effendi 06.ogg}} '''Effendi:''' They offer substantial pay, but they also have strict requirements for the quality of the volunteers. Are you interested?
:{{DIcon}} What are the requirements?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 effendi 07.ogg}} '''Effendi:''' Yes, let's walk through the recruitment process... First of all, "are you proficient with one or more types of weapon?"
:{{DIcon}} I'm skilled with one-handed swords.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, I am proficient with all sorts of weapons.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 effendi 08.ogg}} '''Effendi:''' Very good. "How's your understanding of elements? Are you capable of using elemental powers?"
:{{DIcon}} I know a lot about [[Elemental Reactions]].
:{{DIcon}} I am experienced at using elemental powers in battle.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 effendi 09.ogg}} '''Effendi:''' Alright... I'll put you down as the Traveler, right? Okay, I've finished the registration. I'll be coordinating the necessary supplies and payments for volunteers later.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 effendi 10.ogg}} '''Effendi:''' You'll have to find [[Gafoor]] for more details about the job. However, he has an important visitor today, so I don't think he'll be in the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 effendi 11.ogg}} '''Effendi:''' According to the standard protocol for receiving visitors, he will most likely bring the visitor to the Puspa Café. You can go there and talk to him when his time with the visitor has finished.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 1 effendi 12.ogg}} '''Effendi:''' He sounded like he was in quite the rush to recruit volunteers when he contacted me, but now he's showing a visitor around. Seriously, who could be so important...?
----
;(Enter Puspa Café)
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 01.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' Do you still remember what the coffee's like here?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Of course, how could I forget? It used to be my go-to drink here.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Listen, Gafoor... Ahem, I suppose I should call you Professor Gafoor now... We're old acquaintances, so how about we stop beating around the bush, hmm?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 03.ogg}} '''???:''' First you wanted to catch up, and now the coffee... If you have something to say, just say it.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that's Gafoor. He's the one we're searching for, but he seems to be busy talking with someone else. Maybe we should wait for them to finish.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 02.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' Oh, well it's nothing really. It's just that ever since you left the Akademiya, our original projects and plans have lost their backbone, so to speak.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 03.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' [[Cyrus (Sumeru)|Cyrus]] is also disappointed. He's always valued you as a proud disciple.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 04.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' To be honest, it's a real shame that you left the Akademiya, [[Lisa]].
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 05.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' With your wisdom and intellect, had you stayed in the Akademiya, you would have become a [[Herbad]] by now.
:{{DIcon}} (It's Lisa!)
:{{DIcon}} (What is she doing here?)
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold on... That's Lisa! The librarian Lisa! Our Lisa!
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon heard that Lisa had studied at the Akademiya before, but that was a long time ago. What's Lisa doing here now?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' If I'm reading the situation right, you're reminiscing about the past to convince me to come back, aren't you?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 06.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' Well, I heard that you're currently the librarian for the [[Knights of Favonius]] in Mondstadt. If you ask me, that's a tragic waste of your talents.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 07.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' Why waste your time and energy on something as trivial as taking care of a library? Your time is much more valuable than that.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 08.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' If you're willing to come back to the Akademiya, I have plenty of projects for you to preside over right away. The Akademiya needs people right now, and some of these projects are quite important...
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Yawn... So all this talk IS to convince me to come back. I'm guessing Professor Cyrus doesn't know that you're talking to me about this.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 09.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' As a matter of fact, he has long wanted you to come back and work at the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' ...Is that so? You know, Professor Gafoor, it isn't a good idea to lie to people.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Our teacher knows exactly why I left the Akademiya after only two years. He would never ask me to come back.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 08.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Giving up my life in Mondstadt and returning to the Akademiya as a Spantamad researcher... The price of seeking wisdom is no longer something I'm willing to pay.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 09.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' So please, don't bother trying to get me to come back.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so Lisa used to be a Spantamad researcher? Paimon's never heard her mention it before.
:{{DIcon}} Keep your voice down.
:{{DIcon}} Shh, Paimon.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 10.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Besides, taking care of a library IS important work. I've never considered it a waste of my time.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 11.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' "Wisdom is hidden in every corner of the world. Never underestimate wisdom, no matter how small it may appear!" That's what our teacher always said.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 12.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' A good scholar wouldn't overlook the small details, Gafoor. *sigh* I'm sorry, I'm still not used to calling you "Professor." Nevertheless, the underlying meaning of what you just said is simply wrong.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 13.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' And there's one other detail you probably haven't noticed... Two people have been eavesdropping on us for quite a while now.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 10.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' ...
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 14.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Is there anything we can help you two with?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello, Lisa!
:{{DIcon}} Long time no see, Lisa.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 15.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Well, if it isn't you two.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 16.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Long time no see, cutie, Paimon.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 11.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' Excuse me, but what business do you two have here?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh well, actually, we're here to participate in a research project on Ley Lines for Spantamad! We just finished registering with Effendi.
:{{DIcon}} Which is when we happened to run into you, Lisa.
:{{DIcon}} We didn't want to interrupt your conversation.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 17.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' A research project on Ley Lines? Oh darling, you haven't joined the Akademiya, have you?
:{{DIcon}} Only as project volunteers.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, Effendi told us a research project is looking for paid volunteers. That's what we came to see Gafoor about.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 18.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Paid volunteers? Gafoor, is the Akademiya really that understaffed? Or are there projects that insist on the use of outsiders...?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 12.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' No, no, the paid volunteers are for a conventional project to monitor the Ley Lines. All operations follow the prescribed safety protocols.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 13.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' We rely on a lot of manpower to collect the data; there's no way around it now. But if only you would agree to come back and preside over some matters, we wouldn't have to go through all this nonsense.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 19.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' If memory serves me right, collecting Ley Lines data requires investigators to go deep into Domains, which can be dangerous.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've seen our fair share of combat since leaving Mondstadt! Exploring a Domain is like a walk in the park to us!
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 20.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' It's been so long now, I can only imagine what wonderful stories you have to share.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mm-hmm, so there's nothing to worry about.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 14.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' Since you two are here to apply for the project, then please wait a moment while I talk to Lisa...
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 21.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I'm sorry, Gafoor, my answer is still no.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 15.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' Aren't you even a little bit interested?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 22.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I have never regretted my decision to leave the Akademiya... and I don't think that will change in the future.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 16.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' I thought after all this time, you would have a different answer. But you're still as obstinate as ever, Lisa.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 17.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' You've made yourself clear. I'll only make a fool of myself if I keep insisting.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 18.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' In that case, I still have unfinished business to take care of, so I'll take my leave. See you at the Darshan reunion in a few days.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 23.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Yes. Don't worry, I'll be there on time.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 19.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' As for you two, please come see me later in the Mawtiyima Forest when you're free. We'll need your help with the volunteer work.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 20.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' Oh, and one last thing, Lisa...
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 24.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Yes?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 gafoor 21.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' I wish you the best of luck in Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 25.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' ...Thank you.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 26.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Well then, cuties, now that the recruiter is gone, we can sit down and have a good chat.
:{{DIcon}} Recruiter?
:{{DIcon}} You mean Gafoor?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 27.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe, much has been happening within the Akademiya, and Gafoor is paving the way for his future.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, Lisa, what brought you to Sumeru? Are the Knights okay with you being gone?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 28.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Of course, [[Jean]] gave me an extended paid vacation. It's rare that I get any time off, so I thought to myself, "Why not go on a trip and relax a little?"
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 29.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I don't know how much of our conversation you heard, but I studied in the Spantamad Darshan at the Akademiya for two years.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 30.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' But instead of staying at the Akademiya after graduation, I went back to Mondstadt to become the librarian for the Knights of Favonius.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's why you came to Sumeru, right? To walk around and meet with your old friends and teachers.
:{{DIcon}} Why did you choose to leave the Akademiya?
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 31.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' You'd like to know, wouldn't you? Well... I guess it wouldn't hurt if I told you. After all, it was ages ago.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 32.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' If anything, it all boils down to a difference in philosophy.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 33.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' When I first came to the Akademiya, Professor Cyrus really appreciated my work and invited me to participate in several major projects.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 34.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' But most of those projects ended in failure. To be honest, they went too far trying to achieve wisdom beyond mortal understanding, so failure was only to be expected.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 35.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I didn't want any part of that lunacy, so I left. Anyway, now that I told you, make sure you keep it between us.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... sounds like you've experienced a lot.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 36.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I don't wish to return to the Akademiya, even if Professor Cyrus came to ask me personally.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 37.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Rather than conducting experiments day and night, I'm much more suited for working hours that start after 10:00 AM, with regular afternoon tea every day.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohhhh, Lisa chose to be a librarian because she doesn't want to deal with hassles all the time!
:{{DIcon}} That is Lisa's style.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 38.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I prefer to take things at my own pace when it comes to tiring tasks like a job. And besides, being able to take regular vacations is also really important.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 39.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' It's a pity I didn't even have time to visit [[Collei|that child]] in [[Gandharva Ville]] yet. Gafoor found me just after I arrived in Sumeru.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 40.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Speaking of which, what about you two? What brings my favorite cuties to Sumeru?
:{{Black Screen|You tell Lisa about all that's happened after coming to Sumeru.}}
;(If the player has not completed [[A Toast to Victory]])
::{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 45.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I see... So you came to Sumeru in search of information on Lesser Lord Kusanali, the God of Wisdom.
::{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 46.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' The two of you have more pressing issues than entertaining a tourist like me.
::{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 47.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I wanted to walk around Sumeru with you, but now doesn't seem like the right time.
;(If the player has completed ''A Toast to Victory'')
::{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 41.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I see... Even I didn't expect them to be so bent on their pursuit, wanting to even surpass the gods...
::{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 42.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Sounds like you were involved in some remarkable events again, and I was completely unaware.
::{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 43.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' And to think you were even able to handle a crisis of that magnitude... Cutie, your abilities are really beyond measure.
::{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 44.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Having accomplished such a feat, I'm sure you must have a lot on your plate right now. I was actually thinking about inviting you two to walk around Sumeru with me...
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 48.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' What a pity. It's very rare for us to meet like this.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not that busy.
::{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 49a 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh? Then would you like to spend some time with me, darling? That would be wonderful.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe later.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 50.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I plan to spend the next few days visiting around Sumeru City. At the end of my stay, I'll leave from Gandharva Ville and return to Mondstadt via Liyue.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 51.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Who knows, perhaps we'll bump into each other again in Sumeru City or Gandharva Ville.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 52.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hmm, come to think of it, there's something romantic about such a chance encounter like this. It's like icing on the cake for this little vacation of mine.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 2 lisa 53.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' If you see me around, be sure to come and say hello, otherwise I might start feeling lonely, hehe.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Lisa, optional)
:{{A|vo lxeq001 4 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' (It's amazing how much the Traveler has grown. I wonder what the future holds in store...)

;(Talk to Lisa again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog lxeq001 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I remember you two agreed to meet Gafoor in Mawtiyima Forest to talk about the Ley Lines research job.
:{{A|vo dialog lxeq001 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Feel free to leave if you want to go look for him. As for me, I think I'll spend a little more time at Puspa Café.
----
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Gafoor, optional)
:{{A|vo lxeq001 4 gafoor 01.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' (I can't believe she would just pass up such a great opportunity. I really don't understand what's going through her head.)

;(Talk to Gafoor)
:{{A|vo lxeq001 3 gafoor 01.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' There you are! Looks like you two are ready.
:{{DIcon}} Yep.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 3 gafoor 02.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' Very well. Let me inform you of some details.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 3 gafoor 03.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' Spantamad has been involved with the Ley Lines for a long time, and it's imperative that their current is constantly monitored. This research project was also organized to help meet this demand.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 3 gafoor 04.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' However, because abnormal fluctuations often occur in Sumeru Domains, we must regularly send people deep into various Domains to record the situation with the Ley Lines.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 3 gafoor 05.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' Since it's often dangerous inside the Domains, we've established a rule of only dispatching personnel with combat capabilities.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 3 gafoor 06.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' It'll be your task to go into the Domain and record any Ley Line anomalies. However, if you encounter any danger, please prioritize your safety.
:{{A|vo lxeq001 3 gafoor 07.ogg}} '''Gafoor:''' Well, those are all the necessary details. When you're ready, you may enter the Domain.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Gafoor, optional)
:'''Gafoor:''' (Don't get hurt, or I'll have to cover the damages... I don't wanna pay from my own pocket!)

{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* Upon completing the quest, Lisa can be found near various locations in [[Sumeru]] on different days of the event. (See [[Second Blooming/Story]].)

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Librarian's Long and Carefree Vacation
|zhs     = 图书管理员的悠长假期
|zhs_rm  = Túshū Guǎnlǐyuán de Yōucháng Jiàqī
|zht     = 圖書管理員的悠長假期
|zht_rm  = Túshū Guǎnlǐyuán de Yōucháng Jiàqí
|zh_tl   = A Librarian's Long Vacation
|ja      = 図書館司書のロングバケーション
|ja_rm   = Toshokan Shisho no Rongu Bakeeshon
|ja_tl   = A Librarian's Long Vacation
|ko      = 도서관 사서<->의 기나긴 휴가
|ko_tl   = A Long Vacation of a Librarian
|es      = Las largas vacaciones de una bibliotecaria
|es_tl   = A Librarian's Long Vacation
|fr      = Les vacances insouciantes d'une bibliothécaire
|fr_tl   = A Librarian's Carefree Vacation
|ru      = Длинный и беззаботный отпуск библиотекаря
|ru_tl   = A Librarian's Long and Carefree Vacation
|th      = วันหยุดยาวหย่อนใจของบรรณารักษ์
|th_rm   = Wanyutyao Yonchai khong Banna-rak
|th_tl   = A Librarian's Long and Carefree Vacation
|vi      = Kỳ Nghỉ Dài Của Quản Lý Thư Viện
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gemächlicher Urlaub der Bibliothekarin
|de_tl   = Leisurely Vacation of the Librarian
|id      = Liburan Panjang Seorang Pustakawan
|id_tl   = A Libarian's Long Vacation
|pt      = As Longas Férias da Bibliotecária
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bir Kütüphanecinin Uzun ve Rahat Tatili
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La vacanza lunga e spensierata di una bibliotecaria
|it_tl   = A Librarian's Long and Carefree Vacation
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[ru:Длинный и беззаботный отпуск библиотекаря]]
[[pt-br:As Longas Férias da Bibliotecária]]