{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22009
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission A Little Raid.png
|summary       = [[Soraya]] asks the Traveler to help her stop Treasure Hoarders from digging up and taking valued relics.
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Paimon; Soraya; Traveler
|region        = Liyue
|npc           = Soraya
|requirement   = Requires completing the Box of Gadgets version of [[The Lost Relic]] commission.
|prev          = The Lost Relic
|other         = 
*Grants the achievement [[Scholarly Pretensions]].
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}

'''A Little Raid''' is a daily [[commission]] that occurs in [[Liyue]], unlocked after rescuing Soraya in [[The Lost Relic]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Soraya]]
#Grab the treasure off the [[Treasure Hoarders]]
#Talk to Soraya

==Notes==
* Completing this commission will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "Scholarly Pretensions."

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Enemies==
; 4 enemies in one wave (south of Wangshu Inn)
*{{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Scout;Treasure Hoarders: Marksman*2;Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Soraya]] is fed up with those [[Treasure Hoarders]] constantly digging up relics. She's looking for someone who can help put a stop to them once and for all.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Soraya)
:'''Soraya:''' These Treasure Hoarders are running more and more rampant...
:{{DIcon}} You were looking for me?
:'''Soraya:''' Ah, yes. I have a matter to entrust to you. This [[Bao'er]] you mentioned previously... After thorough investigation, I have ascertained that she is a Treasure Hoarder.
:'''Soraya:''' As for the reason why she acted alone... Perhaps she wanted to take all the treasure for herself, or perhaps she was always meant to be a vanguard for the main group of Treasure Hoarders.
:'''Soraya:''' Judging by how she was able to fool even such an experienced adventurer as yourself, she seems adept at subterfuge as well.
:'''Soraya:''' If we leave her be, then we also leave the surrounding Treasure Hoarders to run amok. This will put the cultural relics nearby at risk.
:'''Soraya:''' Therefore, I'd like you to stop them. Even if we cannot rein them in entirely, rescuing some relics from their clutches will serve.
:{{DIcon}} Understood.
::'''Soraya:''' I'll leave it to you, then.
:{{DIcon}} How do you know where they are?
::'''Soraya:''' If I'm not mistaken, this group of Treasure Hoarders has been following me.
::'''Soraya:''' These greedy scoundrels haven't simply been content to have me lead them to some treasure.
::'''Soraya:''' As long as it's someplace I've been, they will start digging into the ground, thinking to uncover a little something.
::'''Soraya:''' I know where they'll show up, it just takes a bit of thought. But I'm just a scholar. Such matters of logic are simple for me...
::'''Soraya:''' But combat is something that I'll have to leave experienced adventurers like you.
::'''Soraya:''' So please, take those relics back from the Treasure Hoarders!
:{{DIcon}} I'll clean them up.
::'''Soraya:''' Please wait a moment. While I did say you should stop them, I don't mean for you to have a showdown with Bao'er right away.
::'''Soraya:''' The Treasure Hoarders have a very loose organization, and it's hard to get ahold of their trail. Now that you've gotten tangled up with them, we have the chance of a lifetime.
::'''Soraya:''' I believe that there's a bigger scheme behind their presence here in the Guili Plains. If you stay near Bao'er, you might be able to uncover those plans.
::'''Soraya:''' So don't reveal yourself just yet. I trust in your ability to find a hidden point to strike, and to... well, end things quickly.
::'''Soraya:''' Remember, get the relics and get out.

;(Talk to Soraya again)
:'''Soraya:''' These Treasure Hoarders are running more and more rampant...
:{{DIcon}} How do you know where they are?
:;(Same as above)
:{{DIcon}} I'll clean them up.
:;(Same as above)
----
;(After arriving at the location)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon sees them! It's the Treasure Hoarders, for sure!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's take 'em down, grab that relic, and get outta here!
:;(After defeating the Treasure Hoarders, you gain [[Stolen Relic]])
----
;(Return to Soraya)
:'''Soraya:''' How did it go?
:{{DIcon}} These are the relics.
:'''Soraya:''' Hmm. It's as I thought. They've been tailing me, and digging all along the path my studies have taken me down.
:'''Soraya:''' Though they have no technique to speak of, they do have the advantage of numbers, and with those numbers, they've been able to dig up a few things eventually.
:'''Soraya:''' Thank you so much. If not for you, who knows what might have happened to those cultural relics?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/4iNoDF-nAKo
|caption1 = The Lost Relic & A Little Raid "Scholarly Pretensions" Achievement.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Little Raid
|zhs     = 「夺宝」小行动
|zhs_rm  = "Duó Bǎo" Xiǎo Xíngdòng
|zht     = 「奪寶」小行動
|zht_rm  = "Duó Bǎo" Xiǎo Xíngdòng
|zh_tl   = "Treasure Hunting" Activity
|ja      = ミッション「お宝略奪」
|ja_rm   = Misshon "Otakara Ryakudatsu"
|ja_tl   = Mission "Treasure Pillage"
|ko      = 「보물 빼앗기」 작전
|ko_rm   = "Bomul Ppae'atgi" Jakjeon
|ko_tl   = "Treasure Snatch" Operation
|es      = Recuperar lo robado
|es_tl   = Getting Back What Was Stolen
|fr      = Pilleurs & reliques
|fr_tl   = Looters & Relics
|ru      = Дело о краже сокровищ
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ปฏิบัติการยึดสมบัติ
|th_rm   = Patibatkan Yuet Sombat
|th_tl   = Treasure-Seizing Operation
|vi      = Lấy Cắp bảo Vật
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein kleiner Raubzug
|de_tl   = A Little Raid
|id      = Hentikan perampokan
|id_tl   = Stop the robbery
|pt      = Uma Pequena Invasão
|pt_tl   = A Little Invasion
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|In Series}}

[[es:Recuperar lo robado]]
[[pt-br:Uma Pequena Invasão]]