{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00394
|image         = Archon Quest A Long Shot.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = III
|act           = Song of the Dragon and Freedom
|part          = 6
|startLocation = [[Stormterror's Lair]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Brightcrown Mountains
|subarea       = Stormterror's Lair
|prev          = Calm Before the Storm
|next          = When the Wind Dies Down
|domain        = Storming Terror
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*425;Primogem*30;Mora*12,400;Favonius Warbow*1;Tainted Blood*1;Adventurer's Experience*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3;Barbara*1
|characters    = Diluc;Dvalin;Jean;Paimon;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|3|part=6}}

==Steps==
# Venture beyond the seal
#* Enter [[Confront Stormterror]]'s Quest Domain: [[Storming Terror]]
#* The battle is split into two parts for the two crystals [[Dvalin]] has on his back.
# Ride the winds to defeat Dvalin
#* {{Enemy|Stormterror Dvalin|text=Stormterror Dvalin &mdash; Tyrant of the Skies}}
#* The party is fixed to the [[Traveler]] for this part, even if they are not in the party.
# Defeat Dvalin
#* {{Enemy|Stormterror Dvalin|text=Stormterror Dvalin &mdash; Erstwhile King of the Skies}}
#* [[Venti]] will be added to the party as a Trial Character

==Gameplay Notes==
* Healing foods can be used even during the aerial battle.
* [[Barbara]] is not directly awarded from this quest, but rather from [[Baptism of Song]], which can be found in the [[Events]] menu.
* The Trounce Domain Memories: Confront Stormterror is already available at the start of this quest, despite the domain being a repeat of the second half of the Storming Terror domain. Completing Confront Stormterror first does not progress the quest.
* Completing this quest grants the {{Achievement|Winds Change Their Course}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After a long and daring pursuit of Dvalin, who has been led astray by the Abyss Mages, you are about to finally confront him once and for all.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(During the first phase of the fight)
:{{A|vo mdaq069 2 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Look! There are {{Color|buzzword|two shiny spots}} on Dvalin's back!
:{{A|vo mdaq069 2 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' They appear to be poisonous blood clots that have coagulated on his wounds...
:{{A|vo mdaq069 2 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The [[Abyss Order]] must have cursed the wounds. That's what's corrupting Dvalin's mind.
:{{A|vo mdaq069 2 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' To save Dvalin, we're going to have to get rid of those {{Color|buzzword|blood clots}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq069 2 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Aim for those blood clots!
:;(After reaching roughly 60% HP)
:{{A|vo mdaq069 2 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Dvalin is getting away... but I am familiar with his tactics. Just hold on a bit longer.
:{{A|vo mdaq069 2 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I'll extract and condense the pure [[Anemo]] from the shots being fired.
:{{A|vo mdaq069 2 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Shattering them will create {{Color|buzzword|acceleration currents}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq069 2 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I can't control where they will appear, so keep your eyes peeled.
:{{A|vo mdaq069 2 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Shatter the {{Color|buzzword|condensed Anemo orbs}} to create {{Color|buzzword|acceleration currents}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq069 2 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I know it's hard to tell amidst the barrage of bullets, but this is the only way.
:;(After depleting Dvalin's HP)
:{{A|vo mdaq069 2 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Dvalin... I'm sorry this is hurting you... Hang on, just one more!
----
;(During the second phase of the fight)
:;(Dvalin flies over to a circle of platforms, and Diluc, Jean, Venti, and the Traveler follow. Dvalin bursts up from the middle of the platforms to engage the party in battle.)
:{{A|vo mdaq069 3 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Now we can fight Dvalin on equal grounds. The grandest bard is here to help!
:{{A|vo mdaq069 3 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But first, let me be clear...
:{{A|vo mdaq069 3 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Even after hundreds of years without use, Dvalin's teeth and claws are still very dangerous.

;(After Dvalin's shield bar is depleted and Dvalin becomes vulnerable)
:{{A|vo mdaq069 3 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Now is our chance! Aim for the tainted blood clot on his neck!

;(If Dvalin uses [[Stormterror Dvalin#Abilities and Attacks|Caelestinum Finale Termini]])
:{{A|vo mdaq069 3 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' A-ha, this is Dvalin's ace in the hole: Caelestinum Finale Termini!
:{{A|vo mdaq069 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...This dragon has strange taste when it comes to naming things.
:{{A|vo mdaq069 3 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I named it for him just now.
:{{A|vo mdaq069 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seriously!?
:{{A|vo mdaq069 3 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well... Anyway, let's ride the {{Color|buzzword|wind currents}} and stay away from the breaking platforms.
:{{A|vo mdaq069 3 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The energy flooding out from the fissures will be hot. Be sure to watch your step.
----
;(A cutscene plays)
:;(After defeating Stormterror, the platforms crumble and everyone loses their footing.)
:'''Paimon:''' This place is gonna collapse!
:;(Dvalin rescues everyone from falling and flies away with everyone on his back)
:'''Venti:''' It's been a while since we flew like this together, huh, Dvalin?
:'''Dvalin:''' Just now... Why... Why did you not ask me to protect you like the last time?
:'''Venti:''' Me not wanting you to listen to the Abyss Order doesn't mean that you have to listen to me.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 1 cs venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Freedom, if demanded of you by an [[archon]], is really no freedom at all.
:'''Dvalin:''' Is this... the power of the Anemo Archon? But I am no longer part of the [[Four Winds]].
:{{A|vo mdaq071 1 cs venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Even if that's so, you still protected us regardless.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 1 cs venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Now, spread your wings of freedom and go with my blessing.
:;(Dvalin brings everyone back to the [[City of Mondstadt]]. The scene cuts to Jean at her office desk.)
:{{A|vo mdaq071 1 cs qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' And so, the Stormterror threat was quelled.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 1 cs qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I clarified the misunderstanding to the citizens of Mondstadt
:{{A|vo mdaq071 1 cs qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' and let them know that they are safe.
:;(The Traveler and Paimon, Diluc, and Venti are seen in various parts of the city)
:{{A|vo mdaq071 1 cs qin 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' To them it seems Stormterror attacked Mondstadt out of nowhere
:{{A|vo mdaq071 1 cs qin 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' and then vanished just as quickly.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 1 cs qin 06.ogg}} '''Jean:''' They must be finding the whole ordeal very confusing.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 1 cs venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' However, winds change their course.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 1 cs venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Someday, they will blow towards a brighter future.
:;(Cutscene ends)
:{{Black Screen|One day later...}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = A Long Shot
|zhs       = 为了青色的身影
|zhs_rm    = Wèile Qīngsè de Shēnyǐng
|zht       = 為了青色的身影
|zht_rm    = Wèile Qīngsè de Shēnyǐng
|zh_tl     = For the Green Figure
|ja        = 青の姿のために
|ja_rm     = Ao no Sugata no Tame ni
|ja_tl     = For the One in Green
|ko        = 푸른 그림자를 위해
|ko_tl     = For the Blue Shadow
|es        = Para la sombra índigo
|es_tl     = For the Indigo Shadow
|fr        = Pour l'ombre cyan
|fr_tl     = For the Cyan Shadow
|ru        = Синяя тень
|ru_tl     = A Blue Shadow
|th        = เพื่อเงาสีฟ้านั่น
|th_rm     = Phuea Ngao Si Fa Nan
|th_tl     = For That Sky-Blue Shadow
|vi        = Vì Bóng Hình Màu Xanh
|vi_tl     = For the Green Shadow
|de        = Für einen dunklen Schatten
|de_tl     = For a Dark Shadow
|id        = Demi Bayang-bayang Hijau
|id_tl     = For the Green Shadow
|pt        = Uma Sombra Azul
|pt_tl     = A Blue Shadow
|tr        = Zorlu Görev
|tr_tl     = Challenging Task
|it        = L'ombra azzurra
|it_tl     = The Azure Shadow
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[es:Para la sombra índigo]]
[[ja:青の姿のために]]
[[pt-br:Uma Sombra Azul]]
[[tr:Zorlu Görev]]
[[vi:Vì Bóng Hình Màu Xanh]]