{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79024
|image         = Event Quest A Misplaced Conch.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|chapter       = The Scattered Past
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Agafya; Chevka; Paimon; Traveler; Yakov; Zakhar
|startLocation = [[Twinning Isle/2.8|Twinning Isle]], [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|area          = Golden Apple Archipelago
|subarea       = Twinning Isle
|prev          = The Discarded Insignia
|prev2         = The Misplaced Photo
|next          = 
|exp           = 400
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 50
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
}}
'''''A Misplaced Conch''''' is an event [[World Quest]] in [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] event. The quest automatically starts after completing both [[The Discarded Insignia]] and [[The Misplaced Photo]].

==Steps==
# Talk to the [[Fatui]] at the camp
# Investigate the camp
# Collect clues by talking to the Fatui at the camp
# Talk to Paimon
# Find the lost conches (0/3)
# Place the misplaced conches in their original places
#* Misplaced Conch 1 on striped tablecloth
#* Misplaced Conch 2 on white tablecloth
#* Misplaced Conch 3 on red tablecloth
# Wake Yakov up

==Gameplay Notes==
* The misplaced conches can be picked up prior to starting this quest.
* The step "Find the lost conches" will be skipped if the player has already collected all 3 conches.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Fatui team members you've brought back to their senses have all returned to the camp on the central island. You wonder if the Geochanter Bracer named Yakov has regained his wits or not...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to the Fatui)
:'''Agafya:''' Yakov, Yakov... That was your favorite song.
:'''Agafya:''' So, has Yakov woken up?
:'''Zakhar:''' No, he's still not responding.
:'''Agafya:''' Every time I sing the song, especially when I get to the line "Midsummer passed, flowers faded. You'll sail away someday, but I'll be here, waiting..."
:'''Agafya:''' Every time I got to it, he'd look at me misty-eyed. Why didn't he react at all this time?
:'''Agafya:''' *sigh*...
:'''Zakhar:''' I made him his favorite soup. It smelled so good that it made my mouth water, but he remained unconscious.
:'''Chevka:''' I got it, Agafya! Yakov wants his father to come back more than anything else. How about I pretend to be his father?
:'''Agafya:''' Shut it, you. Don't talk to me! I should've never let Yakov go with you!
:'''Chevka:''' It wasn't my fault, you know. It was that experiment!
:'''Agafya:''' Oh, Yakov. Poor Yakov...
:'''Paimon:''' Is Yakov still not responding?
:'''Agafya:''' Oh, it's you. Well, as you can see, Yakov is still unresponsive.
:'''Agafya:''' What should we do now? If he goes back to Snezhnaya like this, he'll probably be dismissed from the Fatui...
:{{DIcon}} Wouldn't that be a blessing?
:{{DIcon}} That sounds good to me.
:'''Agafya:''' But he's all on his lonesome now. We've got our own duties to perform, so none of us can afford to take care of him. How will he survive if he gets dismissed?
:'''Agafya:''' Hey, (Traveler). You know how to deal with situations like this, right?
:'''Agafya:''' Please, I'm begging you, just find a way to wake Yakov up!
:'''Paimon:''' But...
:'''Agafya:''' You want intel, right? We can trade! Even classified secrets such as...
:'''Zakhar:''' Yes, such as "we Fatui are secretly hunting for mysterious [[Medaka]] in the Golden Apple Archipelago"!
:'''Agafya:''' Zakhar...
:'''Zakhar:''' Sorry, that's all I can remember.
:'''Chevka:''' Running errands is what we do. We don't know any classified secrets.
:'''Agafya:''' Just shut up already, Chevka.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, how do you feel about the intel that "the Fatui are secretly hunting mysterious Medaka on Golden Apple Archipelago," (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} It's news to us, at least...
:{{DIcon}} It counts. Just barely, though...
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, it's a deal then. We'll help you.
:'''Agafya:''' Thank you so much!
:'''Paimon:''' But how do we wake Yakov up, exactly?
:'''Paimon:''' They look like they've been staying at this camp this whole time... (Traveler), why don't we rummage about and see what we can find?

;(Talk to Agafya again)
:'''Agafya:''' Well, that's it. We've told you everything we know. Have you found some way to wake Yakov up?
:{{DIcon}} About the signal testing...
::'''Agafya:''' Like I told you, I don't know much about it. They were probably just some simple tests, but running all over these islands was just... incredibly tiring.
:{{DIcon}} About Zakhar...
::'''Agafya:''' Zakhar is an orphan. His parents died of illness long ago, and it is said that he led a difficult life for a long time. He then heard the Fatui provided free meals, and decided to join them...
:{{DIcon}} About the photo...
::'''Agafya:''' Well that's my two brothers in the photo, both of whom have devoted their services to [[Snezhnaya]]. I've always been proud of them.
:{{DIcon}} We're still investigating...

;(Talk to Chevka again)
:'''Chevka:''' *sigh* Oh, what are we going to do about Yakov... Do you have any clues, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} Why did you join the Fatui?
::'''Chevka:''' Why... I joined the Fatui?
::'''Chevka:''' Well, I did it to help realize the long-cherished wish of Her Royal Highness the [[Tsaritsa]]... and to bring more honor to my family. I was raised to fight for the Tsaritsa.
:{{DIcon}} About Yakov...
::'''Chevka:''' *sigh* It seems Yakov is still delirious...
:{{DIcon}} Nothing yet...

;(Talk to Yakov again)
:'''Yakov:''' Why... Why did you leave me alone, Father... Why...
:{{DIcon}} (He still doesn't seem to be in his right mind...)

;(Talk to Zakhar again)
:'''Zakhar:''' Ah... How much longer till Yakov regains his wits?
:'''Zakhar:''' Our instructors taught us that we Fatui soldiers of [[Snezhnaya]] who should stand ready to sacrifice ourselves for a greater cause, and that we should not be too swayed by unnecessary emotions...
:'''Zakhar:''' But we've spent so much time together as a team, day in and day out... I'mnot the brightest spark, I know that, but can anyone truly feel nothing at all for their comrades?

;(Approach the Imaging conch)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm? Look at the conch on that crate, (Traveler)...
:'''Paimon:''' It feels like we've seen this sorta thing before, haven't we? Let's go have a look.
----
;(Activate the Imaging Conch)
:'''Projection of Chevka:''' Well, look who's back. Pfft. Well, at least you didn't wreck the device or anything.
:'''Projection of Yakov:''' But...
:'''Projection of Chevka:''' Bah, it was just a signal reception test, not the end of the world.
:'''Projection of Agafya:''' See? Chevka doesn't mind!
:'''Projection of Yakov:''' Well... Guess I'll make preparations. We'll head out later!
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, so these conches can record images...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... it does feel like the snippets it gets are all over the place, though. It's like something's missing.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go ask those Fatui, (Traveler).

;(Talk to the Fatui)
:'''Agafya:''' So, did you find anything?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, it's not exactly a lead, but it has potential.

:'''You explain the function of the conches to the three Fatui...'''

:'''Agafya:''' Wow, I didn't expect that the conches affected by the strange machine would have such an effect.
:'''Agafya:''' What you described sounds like what happened when I took Yakov, who feared a dressing down, to find Chevka.
:'''Chevka:''' Now that you mention it, I do remember that incident.
:'''Agafya:''' But that was quite a while back, and... uhh... My memory's still hazy from whatever it was that huge machine did to me.
:'''Agafya:''' There are supposed to be four conches, though, so there should be {{color|buzzword|three more}}!
:'''Paimon:''' Your memory's hazy, yet you know that there are four conches?
:'''Agafya:''' While regrouping at the camp, we realized that we forgot to bring bowls for soup, so we used conches instead, one for each of us.
:'''Zakhar:''' Before we took off, however, Yakov left his on a box.
:'''Zakhar:''' The rest of us took ours!
:{{DIcon}} What about the conches?
:{{DIcon}} Where are they now?
:'''Agafya:''' Uh, we thought they were just ordinary shells, so we threw them away after using them...
:'''Agafya:''' Let me think, I had just gotten on the {{color|buzzword|large island to the northwest}}... Then I finished the soup and tossed the conch into a watery cave.
:'''Chevka:''' I think I might've left mine on a mountain on {{color|buzzword|the large island to the south}}...
:'''Zakhar:''' Hehe, I threw mine into a well on the {{color|buzzword|large island to the northeast}}.
:'''Paimon:''' You guys sure scattered them everywhere, huh...
:'''Paimon:''' The northwestern island should be the one from [[Xinyan]]'s dream, or [[Broken Isle/2.8|Broken Isle.]]
:'''Paimon:''' The large island to the south should be [[Minacious Isle/2.8|Minacious Isle]]. And as for the northeastern one...
:{{DIcon}} Must be [[Twinning Isle/2.8|Twinning Isle]].
:'''Paimon:''' They were scattered on those three islands.
:{{DIcon}} We have to find all three conches.
:'''Paimon:''' Yup, if we find these three conch shells, maybe we'll find a clue to helping Yakov wake up!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You may have to find the Imaging Conches that the Fatui have taken to various different places to help Yakov regain his senses...}}
{{Dialogue start}}

;(Talk to Chevka prior to recovering Misplaced Conch 1)
:'''Chevka:''' I think I might've left that conch of mine on a mountain on {{color|buzzword|the large island to the south}}...
:'''Chevka:''' Gah. If I knew what those conchs could do, I wouldn't have taken mine out of the camp.

;(Talk to Agafya prior to recovering Misplaced Conch 2)
:'''Agafya:''' Can't find the conch? If I remember correctly, it should be in a watery cave on the {{color|buzzword|big island to the northwest}}.

;(Talk to Zakhar prior to recovering Misplaced Conch 3)
:'''Zakhar:''' My conch? Well, I threw it into a well on the {{color|buzzword|great island to the northeast}}. That was one deep well.

;(On picking up [[Misplaced Conch 1]])
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, looks like those two people are lying on the ground... Are they stargazing?
:'''Paimon:''' To be honest, this image seems a bit weird...
:'''Projection of Zakhar:''' Yakov, what did the commander say to you that's got you so down?
:'''Projection of Yakov:''' Well, the waves were really choppy, so I slipped and fell while carrying the device. Fortunately, I was quick enough to save it...
:'''Projection of Yakov:''' But the commander still gave me an earful and ordered our squad to do signal reception tests. I mean, ugh, that's the toughest job around...
:'''Projection of Zakhar:''' Oh come on, don't feel so down. We've done this stuff a hundred times before. Hey, chin up! Go get yourself something to eat!
:'''Paimon:''' They're pointing towards something high up. Are they looking for something to eat?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, is this conch crooked somehow?

;(On picking up [[Misplaced Conch 2]])
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, the projection is actually at the center of the stage.
:'''Paimon:''' What are those two doing? One seems to be talking and the other is sitting on the ground.
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon knows! She must have been telling the person sitting on the ground a story before they went to bed. That's the kind of picture this is!
:{{DIcon}} Do Fatui listen to bedtime stories too?
:'''Paimon:''' You never know.
:'''Projection of Yakov:''' Agafya, Persikov has ordered us to perform some signal reception tests. Looks like all four of us have to go... Chevka will probably get mad at me.
:'''Projection of Agafya:''' Come on, Yakov, orders are orders, and Chevka isn't going to blame you for them!
:'''Projection of Agafya:''' ...You know what, if you're that scared, I'll go with you to talk to Chevka, alright?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, so she wasn't telling a story after all...
:'''Paimon:''' But this snippet just kinda comes outta nowhere. We can't tell what's going on at all...

;(On picking up [[Misplaced Conch 3]])
:'''Paimon:''' Seriously? That conch just floated up from inside the well...
:{{DIcon}} Well, it is being affected by the Mirage...
:{{DIcon}} There was probably a pocket of air inside the shell...
:'''Paimon:''' That's pretty amazing. Ooh, look, (Traveler)! Someone's bending over... Ah!
:'''Paimon:''' Don't move, (Traveler), behind you...!
:{{DIcon}} Uhh, should I be very concerned...?
:{{DIcon}} This isn't the time for pranks, Paimon!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, wait, no. It's just the image projected from the conch. It just appeared behind you so suddenly...
:'''Projection of Yakov:''' Two signal testing sets...
:'''Projection of Chevka:''' You know, I honestly thought that he was in serious trouble this time. Who knew this was just about being assigned slightly more annoying work! So yeah, that was a relief.
:'''Projection of Agafya:''' Hah! You should have seen how afraid he was of getting scolded by you. It was almost like watching a little brother cower at the thought of his older brother scolding him. Y'know... do you think he's just afraid of disappointing us?
:'''Projection of Agafya:''' I mean, we're just squad-mates... but it does sometimes feel like we're family as well...
:'''Projection of Chevka:''' Family, huh...
:'''Paimon:''' Um, Paimon gets the feeling that we just eavesdropped on something we really shouldn't have...
:'''Paimon:''' To be honest, these Fatui don't seem all that bad...
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Place the conches that you have gathered to the proper area in the center of the campsite. Perhaps this might bring Yakov back to his senses...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After obtaining all 3 conches, if they were not picked up previously)
:'''Paimon:''' These must be the three conches Agafya and the others mentioned!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's bring 'em back to their camp and place them on the crate. We'll see what happens then.

;(If all 3 conches are already owned)
:'''Paimon:''' By the way, (Traveler), we saw strange conch images in all those places they mentioned.
:'''Paimon:''' Those three conches we picked up might have something to do with that. We should put them on the box and see!

;(If Misplaced Conch 1 is placed on the red tablecloth)
:'''Zakhar:''' Eh, what was so good about that bag, anyway? I don't remember there being anything to eat in there...

;(If Misplaced Conch 2 is placed on the red tablecloth)
:'''Agafya:''' I don't remember ever sitting on this cart... There's mud all over it.

;(If Misplaced Conch 2 is placed on the striped tablecloth)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. These images look kinda weird. Let's try arranging them a bit differently, (Traveler)...

;(If Misplaced Conch 3 is placed on the striped tablecloth)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. These images look kinda weird. Let's try arranging them a bit differently, (Traveler)...

;(If Misplaced Conch 1 is placed on the white tablecloth)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. These images look kinda weird. Let's try arranging them a bit differently, (Traveler)...

;(If Misplaced Conch 3 is placed on the white tablecloth)
:'''Chevka:''' Huh, that's the part where Agafya and I watched Yakov make preparations... Wait, that's not right. The equipment we needed to bring was on the cart, not in the tent!

;(After placing the conches correctly)
:'''Zakhar:''' Yakov, what did the commander say to you that's got you so down?
:'''Yakov:''' Well, the waves were really choppy, so I slipped and fell while carrying the device. Fortunately, I was quick enough to save it...
:'''Yakov:''' But the commander still gave me an earful and ordered our squad to do signal reception tests. I mean, ugh, that's the toughest job around...
:'''Zakhar:''' Oh come on, don't feel so down. We've done this stuff a hundred times before. Hey, chin up! Go get yourself something to eat!

:'''Yakov:''' Agafya, Researcher Persikov has ordered us to perform some signal reception tests. Looks like all four of us have to go... Chevka will probably get mad at me.
:'''Agafya:''' Come on, Yakov, orders are orders, Chevka isn't going to blame you for them!
:'''Agafya:''' ...You know what, if you're that scared, I'll go with you to talk to Chevka, alright?
:'''Chevka:''' Well, look who's back. Pfft. Well, at least you didn't wreck the device or anything.
:'''Chevka:''' Bah, it was just a signal reception test, not the end of the world.
:'''Agafya:''' See? Chevka doesn't mind!
:'''Yakov:''' Well... Guess I'll make preparations. We'll head out later!

:'''Yakov:''' Two signal testing sets...
:'''Chevka:''' You know, I honestly thought that he was in serious trouble this time. Who knew this was just about being assigned slightly more annoying work! So yeah, that was a relief.
:'''Agafya:''' Hah! You should have seen how afraid he was of getting scolded by you. It was almost like watching a little brother cower at the thought of his older brother scolding him. Y'know... do you think he's just afraid of disappointing us?
:'''Agafya:''' I mean, we're just squad-mates... but it does sometimes feel like we're family as well...
:'''Chevka:''' Family, huh...

;(Yakov woke up)
:'''Yakov:''' Family... But I don't have any family now...
:'''Yakov:''' My father stayed behind so I could get away and return to Snezhnaya. After confirming that he didn't make it, they sent me that insignia...
:'''Yakov:''' But I don't want any accolades or honors. I... I just want my family back. Oh father, why did you leave me behind in this world?
:'''Agafya:''' Yakov.
:'''Yakov:''' Ugh, my head hurts... What happened? Why are you here, Agafya? Weren't you in the other squad?
:'''Agafya:''' The experiment and our mission are both over, Yakov.
:'''Chevka:''' So it was about "family," huh? Well, at least I was half right!
:'''Yakov:''' Why are you all looking at me like that? Did I say something strange?
:'''Agafya:''' No, we just heard your true feelings, Yakov. By mistake, yes, but still... Family sometimes goes beyond blood, you know.
:'''Zakhar:''' Heh, if you ask me, I'd say that family is whoever you feel comfortable breaking bread with, day after day.
:'''Yakov:''' I... Oh, I know...
:'''Chevka:''' You can think of me as your father if you want.
:'''Yakov:''' Uh, I'll pass. That would be weird...
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, there we go! Yakov's regained his wits!
:{{DIcon}} That's great news.
:'''Yakov:''' ...Wait a minute. I've read about you two in our internal files...
:'''Paimon:''' Actually, Paimon's been meaning to ask...
:{{DIcon}} Internal files?
:{{DIcon}} What's this internal file-communique-business, anyway?
:'''Agafya:''' Um, it's nothing. There's nothing all that important written there...
:'''Agafya:''' Oh, right, yes! Without their help, you might have been in a coma forever, Yakov!
:'''Yakov:''' Well, uh... I don't know what happened, but thank you all the same!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Honestly, there's some stuff that Paimon still wants to know, but whatever. At least we've finished this "errands for intel" trade, eh?
;(Quest completes)

;(Talk to Agafya again)
:'''Agafya:''' The bulk of the troops have already left, and we're just about ready to leave as well...

;(Talk to Chevka again)
:'''Chevka:''' Hehehe, that researcher Persikov, bossing us around and making us do all the hard work...
:'''Chevka:''' Now that this experiment has failed, there'll be a fine show to watch once we get back for sure.

;(Talk to Yakov again)
:'''Yakov:''' I am extremely grateful to you all but... I think it might still be too embarrassing to admit that I need "family"...

;(Talk to Zakhar again)
:'''Zakhar:''' It's kind of weird to think that we may become enemies again in the future...
:'''Zakhar:''' But, friends can also be made even from amongst foes, right?

;(Interact with "A Note" in the camp after the Fatui left)
::'''A Note'''
::I heard about how you helped me from my teammates. Thank you very much. If one day we are no longer enemies and instead fight side by side, I think we would make good comrades-in-arms.
::&mdash; Yakov
::I hope you will find the method I taught you of obtaining intel useful. Come to think of it, it's the only useful thing I've said!
::&mdash; Agafya
::My father once taught me that a real man's worth is seen in battle, so let's fight justly and honorably next time — and may the vanquished not begrudge the victor their success.
::&mdash; Chevka
::I leave you these four apples.
::&mdash; Zakhar
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/MWlriHGMqic
|caption1 = A Misplaced Conch Guide

|video2   = https://youtu.be/b6phhtVhEpE
|caption2 = A Misplaced Conch Quick Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Misplaced Conch
|zhs     = 被错置的海螺
|zhs_rm  = Bèi Cuòzhì de Hǎiluó
|zht     = 被錯置的海螺
|zht_rm  = Bèi Cuòzhì de Hǎiluó
|zh_tl   = A Misplaced Conch
|ja      = 置き間違えられたホラガイ
|ja_rm   = Oki-machigaerareta Horagai
|ja_tl   = A Misplaced Conch
|ko      = 잘못된 위치의 소라
|ko_rm   = Jalmotdoen Wichi-ui Sora
|ko_tl   = A Misplaced Conch
|es      = Unas caracolas fuera de lugar
|es_tl   = Some Misplaced Conches
|fr      = Une conque égarée
|fr_tl   = A Misplaced Conch
|ru      = Раковина не на месте
|ru_tl   = A Misplaced Conch
|th      = หอยสังข์ที่ถูกวางผิดตำแหน่ง
|th_rm   = Hoi-sang thi Thuk Wang Phit Tam-naeng
|th_tl   = A Misplaced Conch
|vi      = Ốc Biển Sai Vị Trí
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine verlegte Meeresschnecke
|de_tl   = A Misplaced Conch
|id      = Keong Salah Lokasi
|id_tl   = A Misplaced Conch
|pt      = Uma Concha Fora do Lugar
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Unas caracolas fuera de lugar]]
[[pt-br:Uma Concha Fora do Lugar]]