{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 04019
|image         = Archon Quest A Moment's Respite.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = IV
|act           = Cataclysm's Quickening
|actNum        = IV
|part          = 5
|characters    = Cuistot; Freminet; Jurieu; Laverune; Lourvine; Lynette; Lyney; Paimon; Sigewinne; Traveler; Wriothesley; Tartaglia <!-- cutscene -->
|startLocation = [[Administrative Area]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Liffey Region
|subarea       = Fortress of Meropide
|poi           = Administrative Area
|prev          = Calamitous Tread
|next          = Deluge of Wrathful Waters
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*775;Primogem*30;Mora*34,075;Memory of Running Stream*1;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=A Moment's Respite|chapter=4|act=4|part=5}}

==Steps==
# Return to the prison to learn more about everyone's situation (0/4)
# Talk to Wriothesley
# Return to the dormitories to rest

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Cataclysm's Quickening (Achievement)}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The crisis has been averted... for now. You decide to return to the Fortress of Meropide to see how everyone's doing.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Cuistot or Laverune)
:{{A|vo fdaq109 4 cuistot 01.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' Eh? You... You guys are back?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cuistot! Laverune!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 4 laverune 01.ogg}} '''Laverune:''' You guys... didn't get caught and thrown back down here, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? No, not at all!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 4 cuistot 02.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' Ugh! And here I thought you'd managed to escape from jail during all the commotion. I had held you up as legendary jailbreakers, but now you're telling me... you just never left?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahahaha... Uh, we're sorry, but we just... Had some business to take care of...
:{{A|vo fdaq109 4 laverune 02.ogg}} '''Laverune:''' Alright, alright, there's no need to get caught up in the details. We're just relieved to see you. He was super worried about you, you know.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 4 cuistot 03.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' Hey, it wasn't just me! Weren't you super worried as well?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 4 laverune 03.ogg}} '''Laverune:''' Something like that, yeah.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 4 laverune 04.ogg}} '''Laverune:''' I was also transferred to work in the kitchen a few days ago. I can still hear Cuistot mumbling to the carrots: "Are those two alright? Do you think they made it out alive?"
:{{A|vo fdaq109 4 laverune 05.ogg}} '''Laverune:''' Whenever he said that, I'd tell him, "I'm sure they're fine! Wherever they are, they're kicking back with drinks in hand, enjoying the lovely scenery."
:{{A|vo fdaq109 4 cuistot 04a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo fdaq109 4 cuistot 04b.ogg}}--> '''Cuistot:''' Hey! There's nothing wrong with worrying about your prison pals, is there? I mean, considering how they always loved listening to all of my gossip...
:{{A|vo fdaq109 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These two... They sure are a lot warmer and friendlier than when Paimon first met them...
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure the welfare meals must have just skyrocketed in quality recently.
:{{DIcon}} Your meals will bring all the prisoners to the cafeteria.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 4 cuistot 05.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' ...Well, if you say so. I'll be watching you to make sure you finish every last bite!

;(Talk to Cuistot or Laverune again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq109 cuistot 01.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' Why don't we have a meal with those two one of these days?
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq109 laverune 01.ogg}} '''Laverune:''' You wanna cook for 'em yourself?
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq109 cuistot 02.ogg}} '''Cuistot:''' Why not? Good chance to show them what I can do.

;(Talk to Sigewinne)
:{{A|vo fdaq109 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sigewinne!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 1 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, you're back!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 1 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Are you still doing alright? Did either of you get hurt?
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, we're both doing great.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're fine! But what about you guys? It was such a huge mess! How bad was it?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 1 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' A few people sustained superficial injuries, but that's about the extent of the damage. Monsieur Neuvillette paid us a visit. It was all thanks to him that we managed to suppress the crisis for the time being.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 1 sigewinne 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Of course, we must also thank you for the help you provided.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How did Neuvillette know that he was needed here?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 1 sigewinne 05.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Monsieur Neuvillette has strong resonance with the Hydro element. When the water level rises, he can feel the waves produced.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 1 sigewinne 06.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I ran into the Bombshell Bros while bandaging the injuries of the wounded. They were mumbling the whole time about how you just ran down without a word... I'm so relieved to see that you're both alright.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 1 sigewinne 07.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' If you're not too pressed for time, please stay with us a few more days.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 1 sigewinne 08.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Just let me know if you get a craving for any particular dish, so I can have Mr. Wolsey get your meals prepared. Oh, and please feel free to visit the infirmary for a break at any time.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 1 sigewinne 09.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I'd like to take the opportunity to spend some more time observing your facial muscles as well. Your happy smiles are quite contagious, you know. They're so memorable, and I've missed them immensely while you were gone.

;(Talk to Sigewinne again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq109 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' If you can find the time, please stay at the Fortress for just a while longer.

;(Enter the infirmary)
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Now guess! What suit will this next card be?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 freminet 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Uhhh... A bared-teeth cat?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 lynette 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Well, well, look who it is.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 freminet 02.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Hello everyone.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like you're recovering nicely, Freminet!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 freminet 03.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Mhm, thanks to everyone's support.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 freminet 04.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Oh, right! I... I managed to work up the courage to thank Miss Clorinde in person!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, how did she react?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 freminet 05.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' She told me that it was nothing... It was as if saving a life wasn't a big deal to her at all. She also told me to not worry about it.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 lynette 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' She didn't want to stress you out, that's all. She's right, and it's best not to dwell on it.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 freminet 06.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Yeah...
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, but check this out! We went back to the opera house, and we met The Knave!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' You met "Father"? Did she say anything to you?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She said a few things that were... uh, a bit hard to understand, and also that she's looking forward to working with us in the future.
:{{DIcon}} It was a little surprising.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Her attitude towards you is even better than what we'd imagined... That's fantastic.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' You should believe her. She has her own way of doing things, and she'll do everything in her power to help those she considers close, which now might also include you.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 lynette 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Mhm. "Father" is very capable, and also trustworthy.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon just remembered that she thought Lyney was a bit too proud as well! She said that you should learn how to rely on others sometimes.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Uh... Got it.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 freminet 07.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' That does sound like something that "Father" would say...
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 lyney 07.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hey!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 lynette 04.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Are you going to stay here for the next few days?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like it, yeah.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 lynette 05.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Excellent. I will host a tea party.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' For real? Then Paimon wants another serving of cake!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 lynette 06.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Another implies that you were already served some delicious cake while you were up there. Hmm, how lovely.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 2 lynette 07.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Well next time, you're going to have tea and snacks with us.

;(Talk to Lyney, Lynette, or Freminet again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq109 lynette 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' We should start preparing that tea party!
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq109 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oh! That's a great idea. I'm all for it.
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq109 freminet 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' I'll help you set it up.

;(Talk to Lourvine or Jurieu under the Duke's Office)
:{{A|vo fdaq109 5 lourvine 01.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' Jurieu! Miss Sigewinne told me you still haven't eaten.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 5 jurieu 01.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' Er, I was working on something, so I forgot.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 5 lourvine 02.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' That's no excuse for... Huh? It's you two!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Jurieu, Lourvine, we're back!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 5 jurieu 02.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' Hello there. It's been quite the mess here recently. How have you been?
:{{DIcon}} We're fine, thanks.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And you? Are you still taking the secret passageway from the infirmary to work on the ship?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 5 lourvine 03.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' Yep. That is still top secret, though. So don't say a word to anyone!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 5 jurieu 03.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' It can be a bit annoying when there are lots of people in the infirmary, but I still prefer taking that route over the one from the Duke's office.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 5 lourvine 04.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' I mean, the infirmary does make it easier for you to slack off.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 5 jurieu 04.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' Oh yeah? Then why are you also here so much?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You two really are just using your jobs as a cover for your relationship, aren't you?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 5 together 01.ogg}} '''Together:''' Not at all!

;(Talk to Lourvine or Jurieu again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq109 lourvine 01.ogg}} '''Lourvine:''' Jurieu, the rumors about us are literally everywhere now. Please do something about it.
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq109 jurieu 01.ogg}} '''Jurieu:''' But it's not like I caused them by myself... Alright, alright, I'll try to do something about it when I can find the time.
----
;(Talk to Wriothesley)
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Do my eyes deceive me or did I just see two inmates come back after making it to the surface? Some strange winds blowing of late.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We wanted to see how the Fortress is doing! Is everything still alright?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' We're fine for the most part. Neuvillette came down and took care of the worst of it.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If that's the case, why don't you just ask him to stay here?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Oh, what a brilliant plan. Let's go convince the Iudex himself to exchange the courts of Fontaine for a puddle of water in the middle of nowhere.
:{{DIcon}} I don't think that's going to work...
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' He came here in a hurry, and left without even stopping for a cup of tea. He did remember to take Miss Sigewinne's gift with him, though.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He sure sounds super busy.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Miss Clorinde has left as well. She also took her gift from Miss Sigewinne.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Were the gifts milkshakes?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Neuvillette got the milkshake. Clorinde received lipstick instead.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Those aren't even remotely alike!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Well, it's Neuvillette's own fault for making Sigewinne worried about his health by working so much. But besides that, our head nurse is still quite fond of picking out beauty products for the ladies.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Oh, and I have some gifts here for you as well.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are these from Sigewinne, too?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Nope, they are from yours truly.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You've already wrapped up your work at the Fortress, so you can return to the surface at any time. You haven't yet served your full prison term, however, so you may continue to use your cell until your term is up.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' For real? Then we can stay here for a really long time!
:{{DIcon}} Is food still covered?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 wriothesley 11.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You may access the cafeteria for free.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hooray!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 3 wriothesley 12.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Just remember to come complete your paperwork once it's time for your release.

;(Talk to Wriothesley again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq109 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Your file can't be closed until we've completed your paperwork, so don't forget to come find me again when you're done serving your sentence.
----
;(Approach the bed in the dormitories)
:{{A|vo fdaq109 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're back in our cell again! We're no longer prisoners, though, so it really doesn't feel the same...
:{{DIcon}} It feels like a huge weight is off our shoulders.
::{{A|vo fdaq109 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure feels that way... But the truth is, we never did anything bad to begin with, so I'm not sure why we put so much pressure on ourselves.
:{{DIcon}} It feels like we've regained our freedom.
::{{A|vo fdaq109 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mhm! Being free sure feels pretty special now.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, is there something you'd like to say?
:{{A|vo fdaq109 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How did you know?
:{{DIcon}} Because you usually just immediately fall asleep.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, that's not true! Alright... Okay, Paimon just wanted to say that we really are an amazing duo after all!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's like... We've now gone to so many places together, and become friends with so many people. We've never stopped traveling, or stopped meeting new friends.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are so many bad things in the world, and we're just two people, but we've still been solving problems no matter where we go... Isn't that pretty cool?
:{{DIcon}} We're the best adventurers ever.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're counting Paimon today? Aren't you the only adventurer here?
:{{DIcon}} Being a guide counts, too.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then let's ask Katheryne to give Paimon an Adventurer Handbook as well! Paimon'll also be an adventurer from today forward!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh, just the thought's making Paimon giddy... Paimon's gonna crash, so you sleep soon, too!
:{{A|vo fdaq109 6 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The last time we fell asleep here, we woke up to a whole mess outside our cell and the Primordial Seawater nearly rose up. That was so scary...
:{{A|vo fdaq109 6 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should be safe now, right?
:{{DIcon}} We'll be fine, so don't worry, Paimon.
:{{A|vo fdaq109 6 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, then good night to you, {{Traveler}}!
:{{DIcon}} Good night to you, Paimon.
{{Color|menu|Completely exhausted, you quickly fall into a deep sleep.<br>In the darkness, the Vision Childe left with you again begins to glow faintly.<br>Adrift in a vast ocean that stretches seemingly to infinity, Childe slowly opens his eyes. As he regains consciousness, he is astonished to see the vast silhouette before his eyes...<br>The shadow of a gargantuan narwhal so vast blots out the rays of the sun filtering down from the surface, and all is returned to darkness once more.}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Trivia==
* During the cutscene at the end, regardless on the Voice-Over the player has active, [[Tartaglia]]'s voice will always be from his Chinese voice actor.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Moment's Respite
|zhs     = 片刻安宁
|zhs_rm  = Piànkè Ānníng
|zht     = 片刻安寧
|zht_rm  = Piànkè Ānníng
|zh_tl   = A Moment of Peace
|ja      = しばしの安寧
|ja_rm   = Shibashi no Annei
|ja_tl   = A Moment of Peace
|ko      = 잠깐<->의 평화
|ko_tl   = A Moment of Peace
|es      = Una calma muy esperada
|es_tl   = A Long-Awaited Calm
|fr      = Un moment de répit
|fr_tl   = A Moment of Respite
|ru      = Краткое затишье
|ru_tl   = A Brief Lull
|th      = ความสงบชั่วครู่
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Khoảnh Khắc Bình Lặng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Moment des Friedens
|de_tl   = A Moment of Peace
|id      = Istirahat Sejenak
|id_tl   = A Short Break
|pt      = Um Momento de Paz
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bir Anlık Huzur
|tr_tl   = A Moment of Peace
|it      = Un momento di respiro
|it_tl   = A Moment of Breathing
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter IV}}