{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71506
|part          = 2
|title         = A Muddy Bizarre Adventure
|image         = Event Quest A Muddy Bizarre Adventure.png
|type          = World
|characters    = Hosseini; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|prev          = A Muddy Bizarre Adventure (Part 1)
|next          = Spike Self-Circulation Report: Abstract (Part 1)
|event_name    = A Muddy Bizarre Adventure
}}
'''''A Muddy Bizarre Adventure''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[A Muddy Bizarre Adventure]] Event. It is automatically obtained after completing the stage, [[A Muddy Bizarre Adventure#Transportation Test|Transportation Test]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Hosseini]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The [[Sumeru]] researcher [[Khedive]], who is conducting research as part of the exploration team, seems to be troubled about the environment within [[The Chasm: Underground Mines|The Chasm]].}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Hosseini)
:'''Paimon:''' Didn't you say that theoretically, there wouldn't be any problems?
:{{DIcon}} The Spike wound up causing the [[dark mud]] to gush out instead...
:'''Hosseini:''' Ah, is that how it is... Agh, to think that I did not factor the ground into my calculations. Ah, what an error.
:'''Paimon:''' Factor the ground into your calculations?
:'''Hosseini:''' That's right. Our previous experiments all took place on softer soil.
:'''Hosseini:''' But within The Chasm, the medium through which the Spike's energy travels is not soil but rock, which has very different properties. This caused a major discrepancy between the earlier calculations and the actual results.
:'''Hosseini:''' Indeed, theory is not a mere matter of imagination. Instead, it must be grounded and proven in reality.
:'''Paimon:''' This proving process seems kinda dangerous, though. Also, why did so much mud come out all at once?
:'''Hosseini:''' Indeed, this place is quite far from the mining complex, so the mud really shouldn't be flowing all the way here... The situation must be more urgent than we imagined.
:'''Hosseini:''' Also, the Pursina's Spike has a definite effect on environments affected by the dark mud. This shows that the mud's proliferation is, as I guessed, an issue that stems from the [[Ley Lines]].
:'''Hosseini:''' This proves the need for experimentation and proof, does it not?
:'''Hosseini:''' Of course, if I had done the experiment myself, I would have wound up being attacked by the monsters.
:'''Hosseini:''' Not that I worry about being injured &mdash; that would be a small loss compared to any damage that might be done to the Pursina's Spike. How would I answer to our great tutor [[Firnas]] or my fellow researchers in the [[Kshahrewar]]...
:{{DIcon}} You should pay more attention to your own safety nonetheless.
:'''Hosseini:''' True. The data we've collected can be used to adjust the results of our calculations. Now, the solutions to these interfering parameters... I believe there are four such methods, though there should be only one that will prove most effective.
:'''Hosseini:''' Thank you so much for helping me with this test run, {{Traveler}}. I will make some adjustments to the Pursina's Spike.
:'''Hosseini:''' Later, it can be moved into the mining complex, where operations can then begin.
:{{DIcon}} You're moving it into the mining complex?
:{{DIcon}} By yourself?
:'''Hosseini:''' Well, no. I had agreed with Khedive to hire some of the local miners here to move it.
:'''Hosseini:''' But when they heard that my objective was to resolve the issue of the dark mud, they refused any payment.
:'''Hosseini:''' I've spoken to Khedive and [[Muning]] from the [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]], however. The [[Mora]] will still go to them as compensation.
:'''Hosseini:''' Of course, I'll need you to help start the machine up once it reaches its destination.

;(Talk to Hosseini again)
:'''Hosseini:''' We also need to collect some rock samples from The Chasm to get a better picture of some involved parameters.
:'''Hosseini:''' We cannot shame the good name of the Academia...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude = A Muddy Bizarre Adventure}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

[[pt-br:Em Lama Profunda (Parte 2)]]
[[ru:По уши в приключениях (задание)]]