{{Event Tabs}}
==A Muddy Bizarre Adventure==
===Part 1===
{{Transclude|A Muddy Bizarre Adventure (Part 1)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

===Transportation Test===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After starting the challenge)
:'''Hosseini:''' The dark mud... Why is it flowing out from there? Did I miscalculate!?
:'''Hosseini:''' We turned the Spike off in time, but it seems like we've attracted a lot of monsters all the same.
:'''Hosseini:''' Don't let them touch the Spike, {{Traveler}}...

;(After defeating the first wave of enemies)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? These guys aren't on the dark mud, but they still have its aura on them!
:'''Paimon:''' That's weird, but let's take 'em out anyway, {{Traveler}}!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Part 2===
{{Transclude|A Muddy Bizarre Adventure (Part 2)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Spike Self-Circulation Report: Abstract==
===Part 1===
{{Transclude|Spike Self-Circulation Report: Abstract (Part 1)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

===Automated Charging===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After starting the challenge)
:'''Hosseini:''' It is as we suspected, {{Traveler}}. The Spike can indeed charge autonomously. Now, if you could, please clear the dark mud from this area to speed things up a little.

;(After clearing a dark mud)
:'''Hosseini:''' Mind you, don't let those monsters hit the Spike!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Part 2===
{{Transclude|Spike Self-Circulation Report: Abstract (Part 2)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Spike Self-Circulation Report: Environs Log==
===Part 1===
{{Transclude|Spike Self-Circulation Report: Environs Log (Part 1)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

===Circulation Theory===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After starting the challenge)
:'''Hosseini:''' Yes, the Pursina's Spike is operating quite optimally. It should be able to aid you in defeating the monsters nearby in addition to clearing the mud now.

;(After dark mud covers the Spike)
:'''Hosseini:''' Looks like the Spike has been clogged by the mud. Please, clear the blockages before more monster appear...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Part 2===
{{Transclude|Spike Self-Circulation Report: Environs Log (Part 2)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Spike Self-Circulation Report: Experimental Procedure==
===Part 1===
{{Transclude|Spike Self-Circulation Report: Experimental Procedure (Part 1)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

===Emergency Escort===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After starting the challenge)
:'''Hosseini:''' Please be careful as you transport the Spike, {{Traveler}}. It really is a delicate and complicated piece of equipment...
:'''Hosseini:''' Should you encounter dark mud or oncoming monsters, you'll have to get rid of them before proceeding. Don't let them do anything to the Pursina's Spike...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Part 2===
{{Transclude|Spike Self-Circulation Report: Experimental Procedure (Part 2)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Spike Self-Circulation Report: Conclusion==
===Part 1===
{{Transclude|Spike Self-Circulation Report: Conclusion (Part 1)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

===Part 2===
{{Transclude|Spike Self-Circulation Report: Conclusion (Part 2)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

[[pt-br:Em Lama Profunda/História]]
[[ru:По уши в приключениях/История]]