{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71501
|part          = 1
|title         = A Muddy Bizarre Adventure
|image         = Event Quest A Muddy Bizarre Adventure.png
|type          = World
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 28
* Complete [[Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering]]
* Reach [[Lumenstone Adjuvant]] Level 2
|characters    = Hosseini; Katheryne (Liyue); Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|next          = A Muddy Bizarre Adventure (Part 2)
|other         = 
* Unlocks the [[A Muddy Bizarre Adventure]] event.
|event_name    = A Muddy Bizarre Adventure
}}
'''''A Muddy Bizarre Adventure''''' is an [[Event Quest]] that unlocks the [[A Muddy Bizarre Adventure]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to the Liyue [[Adventurers' Guild]] and talk to [[Katheryne]]
# Go to the mining camp to look for the [[Sumeru]] researcher

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Assist the researcher from Sumeru in initializing the Pursina's Spike.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:'''Katheryne:''' Hmm... It seems that the situation has been getting worse over the last two days. The exploration team's movements will be limited as a result...
:'''Katheryne:''' Who can I get to take this commission up...
:{{DIcon}} What's going on?
:{{DIcon}} Has something happened?
:'''Katheryne:''' Ah! (Traveler) and [[Paimon]]. Your timing truly is impeccable.
:'''Paimon:''' Impeccable, you say?
:'''Paimon:''' Sounds like we've got trouble on our hands again.
:'''Katheryne:''' For reasons unknown, some dark mud-like substance has come pouring out of the caverns and mines of [[The Chasm]] lately.
:'''Katheryne:''' It is a very sudden affair, and the exploration team has yet to come up with any countermeasure, and so investigations there have started and stopped several times. As such, [[Khedive]] has asked the Adventurers' Guild to send help...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? [[Dark mud]] stuff? Isn't that thing from beneath The Chasm...
:'''Katheryne:''' That's exactly the substance I speak of. I do not know why it has reached the caverns and mines, but either way, the exploration team's progress has been stymied, and even their day-to-day movements have been affected...
:'''Katheryne:''' After all, they rely heavily on the mining tunnels for the transportation of goods and materials.
:{{DIcon}} How long has this been going on?
:'''Katheryne:''' For some time now. Khedive says that he's found a researcher from Sumeru who can help him out, but that researcher seems to need help themselves...
:'''Katheryne:''' I must admit that this has been troubling me ever since.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, y'know, Khedive probably pays pretty well.
:'''Paimon:''' Has no one stepped forward?
:'''Katheryne:''' No, I'm afraid, mostly owing to the extreme danger that the dark mud poses. Quite a few people actually came on account of the reward...
:'''Katheryne:''' But the moment they heard it was The Chasm, they quickly declined.
:'''Katheryne:''' To make things trickier, most adventurers are not very familiar with The Chasm's layout.
:'''Katheryne:''' So the one who accepts this commission will have to be someone with no fear of danger and who knows The Chasm like the back of their hand...
:'''Katheryne:''' And just as I was puzzling over this matter, you two dropped by.
:'''Paimon:''' So that's how it is. Things do seem quite serious, (Traveler)...
:{{DIcon}} Right. Let's go have a look.
:{{DIcon}} I suppose we can help Khedive out.
:'''Paimon:''' Then let's go now, shall we?
:'''Katheryne:''' Ah, about that... Khedive did say that you just have to look for that other researcher from Sumeru.
:'''Katheryne:''' Or, to quote him verbatim, "If anyone's willing to help, tell them to go to the campsite at The Chasm. That guy will be there prepping, just as usual."
:{{DIcon}} Alright, then we'll be off.
:'''Katheryne:''' Thank you. The Chasm's safety is in your hands!
----
;(Talk to [[Hosseini]])
:'''Hosseini:''' Hmm, I didn't think that the environment here would be so unique. In that case, the energy system of the [[Pursina's Spike]] will...
:'''Hosseini:''' Hmm? Ah, (Traveler) and Paimon! It has been a while! Why are the two of you here at The Chasm?
:'''Hosseini:''' Actually, I do recall Khedive saying that you'd helped the exploration team out a lot.
:'''Hosseini:''' That said, the situation in The Chasm has been worsening. It's no place for a walk in the park.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, you are...?
:'''Hosseini:''' Oh, come on, didn't we just meet a short while ago?
:'''Hosseini:''' I mean, I do always end up asking you for help, but that's no reason to pretend that you don't recognize me...
:'''Hosseini:''' Ah, forget it. In that case, allow me to introduce myself once again. I am Hosseini, a researcher at the [[Sumeru Akademiya|Akademiya]]. I've been working on a device known as the [[Energy Amplifier]], and I even went to [[Inazuma]] to do some reference work there.
:'''Hosseini:''' However, I've run out of operating funds for my research, and so I have to return to Sumeru...
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, okay, Paimon thinks she remembers you now...
:'''Hosseini:''' You do?
:'''Paimon:''' You're Amplifier Man!
:'''Hosseini:''' ...I'm quite sure that I've never introduced myself as such.
:'''Hosseini:''' Whatever the case, I received a request from a fellow researcher named Khedive. I owe him a favor regarding research funds from way back...
:'''Hosseini:''' So I'm here at The Chasm to help him solve this problem.
:'''Hosseini:''' Well, I hope that explanation's clear enough. In which case, let me ask the question: Why are you two here at The Chasm?
:{{DIcon}} Well, we also just so happen to have received a commission from Khedive...
:{{DIcon}} We're your backup.
:'''Hosseini:''' Ah, so that's you! And to think I was worried when Khedive mentioned that he was going to get some people to help out.
:'''Hosseini:''' Since it's you, I guess there's nothing to worry about.
:'''Hosseini:''' I must admit that if I were to attempt to resolve the dark mud issue here at The Chasm myself, it would take a lot of time and energy. But with your help, our odds are... well, higher.
:{{DIcon}} What do you need us to do?
:'''Hosseini:''' You've heard of the Pursina's Spike, right? A device that can release energy that disrupts the [[Ley Lines]].
:'''Hosseini:''' According to my hypothesis, we can place the Spike at points where the dark mud is pouring out to disrupt the Ley Line movements and clear it away.
:'''Paimon:''' Is the dark mud even related to the Ley Lines?
:'''Hosseini:''' Well, they did appear based on anomalies in the Ley Lines, so it is very likely that they are related. That's what Khedive and I have discussed, anyway.
:'''Hosseini:''' So, we can use the Spike to disrupt or even close the openings that allow the Ley Lines here to access external elements, which will stop the dark mud.
:{{DIcon}} I see...
:'''Hosseini:''' However, we were previously just using the Spikes to "disrupt" the Ley Lines. This is the first time I'm using the Spikes to "seal" them.
:'''Hosseini:''' I have done some estimations and adjusted some of the Spike's parameters. In theory, nothing should go wrong.
:'''Hosseini:''' But theory is, as you know, ultimately theory, and theories must all be tested. I was just thinking of beginning the initialization process, in fact, but it has some risks...
:{{DIcon}} Well, allow me, then...
:'''Hosseini:''' Hmm, alright, I'll leave it to you.
:'''Hosseini:''' I will observe from the sides.

;(Talk to Hosseini again)
:'''Hosseini:''' Alright, let's test run the Pursina's Spike. Don't worry, I'll be over here watching you operate it.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|A Muddy Bizarre Adventure|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

[[pt-br:Em Lama Profunda (Parte 1)]]
[[ru:По уши в приключениях (задание)]]