{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 15000
|image         = Story Quest A Mysterious Visitor From Huitztlan.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Tribal Chronicles
|chapter       = Yupanqui's Turnfire
|act           = 
|actNum        = I
|requirement   = 
|recommended   = {{Quest|From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku}}
|characters    = Ajaw; Enjou; Huni; Paimon; Pocchi; Poggi; Ponini; Sanka; Toba; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Coatepec Mountain]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Coatepec Mountain
|subarea       = 
|prev          = 
|next          = A Hero's Rite
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Mora*27,825;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|otherRewards  = 
|rep           = "Scions of the Canopy"
|repAmt        = 200
|repOrder      = 100
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Mysterious Visitor From Huitztlan''''' is the first act of {{Quest|Yupanqui's Turnfire}}.

==Steps==
* Start the quest by approaching [[Huni]] and [[Toba]].
# Go beneath the cliffs outside the [[Scions of the Canopy]]'s dwellings
# Find the missing baby [[Saurian]]s (0/3)
# Go back and find Huni and Toba

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You encounter two kids beneath the cliffs outside the Scions of the Canopy tribe. They seem to require some help...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Huni and Toba)
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 huni 01a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 huni 01b.ogg}}--> '''Huni:''' Hi! I'm Huni, are you here to help find the baby Saurians?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 toba 01.ogg}} '''Toba:''' And I'm Toba. You must be the helpers that we've been waiting for!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... It's nice to meet you, too! But we were just passing through...
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 huni 02.ogg}} '''Huni:''' But Uncle [[Sanka]] said he was gonna send some of his friends over to help us... You sure he didn't mean you?
:{{DIcon}} I'm afraid we don't know anyone called Sanka.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, sorry... Whatever this is about, it sounds like you got the wrong end of the stick.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 huni 03.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Wrong end of the stick?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 toba 02.ogg}} '''Toba:''' Darn it! We've been tricked, Huni! I should've known that glasses guy was a con artist...
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 huni 04.ogg}} '''Huni:''' What are we supposed to do about the baby Saurians now? Time's running out...
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's okay, Huni, don't worry! Why don't you tell us what happened with these baby Saurians, huh?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 huni 05.ogg}} '''Huni:''' There's been a lot of unrest in the tribe lately, and [[Trinidad|my dad]]'s Saurian got injured... Her name's [[Nanna]], and she has three little babies.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 huni 06.ogg}} '''Huni:''' After what happened to Nanna, her babies were so scared that they ran off and hid. I'm really worried about them, so I decided to go look for them.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If Nanna is your dad's Saurian... Why isn't he the one looking for them?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 huni 07.ogg}} '''Huni:''' My dad's one of the elders, so he's busy getting ready for [[Turnfire Night]]. It's a really important ceremony &mdash; more important than this, anyway. I'm not supposed to be out here either, but I snuck out without telling him...
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 huni 08.ogg}} '''Huni:''' I didn't think it would take very long. But then that guy we ran into made us tell him loads of stories, and it wasted so much time...
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 toba 03.ogg}} '''Toba:''' Yeah, he was so selfish! He doesn't have a heart!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's alright, don't let him get to you! We're here now, and we'll help you. Because we care a lot, don't we, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} We sure do. So, are the baby Saurians nearby?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 huni 09.ogg}} '''Huni:''' They should be! I already managed to find their tracks, and it seems like they're hiding on the cliff...
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to Paimon and me. It shouldn't take long.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 huni 10a.ogg}} {{A|vo jnqlq001 1 huni 10b.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Really? Wow... Thank you so much, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}}, and Miss Paimon!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 toba 04a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo jnqlq001 1 toba 04b.ogg}}--> '''Toba:''' Awesome! You gotta be careful out on the cliffs, though. They're really steep. Even grown-ups have trouble climbing them.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huni said the baby Saurians are on the cliff, so let's find a way up!

;(Talk to Huni again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog jnqlq001 huni 01.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Good luck, and stay safe! We'll wait right here.
----
;(Talk to Poggi)
;(If player is not indwelling a Saurian)
::{{A|vo jnqlq001 2 poggi 01.ogg}} '''Poggi:''' Coo... Coo...
;(If player is indwelling a Saurian)
::{{A|vo jnqlq001 2 poggi 02.ogg}} '''Poggi:''' ([[Kongamato|The Mountain King]]...)

;(Talk to Ponini)
;(If player is not indwelling a Saurian)
::{{A|vo jnqlq001 2 ponini 01.ogg}} '''Ponini:''' Wah! Wah!
;(If player is indwelling a Saurian)
::{{A|vo jnqlq001 2 ponini 02.ogg}} '''Ponini:''' (Too high! I'm scared!)

;(Talk to Ajaw or Pocchi)
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 2 pocchi 01.ogg}} '''Pocchi:''' Awoo...
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We found them! ...Wait, but what's that other... [[Ajaw]]!?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 ajaw 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Well, if it isn't the gruesome twosome, who wormed their way into our servant's circle of friends... Still awe-struck from the last time we met? Would that be why you hastily scrambled up here to pay your respects the moment you saw us? I suppose we can't blame you. Such is the spell that our majesty casts on our minions.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 ajaw 02.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Very well! You heathens leave us no choice... the Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw shall grant you the audience that you seek. Come. Pucker up. You may now kiss our feet.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, aren't you like... [[Kinich]]'s sidekick? What the heck are you going on about? You're somehow managing to be even more annoying than the last time we met.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 ajaw 03.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Silence! Who are you calling "sidekick"? We are the dragon supreme! Sovereign ruler of the Nation of Flame!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 ajaw 04.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' We shall have you know that last time, were it not for Kinich's earnest pleading on your behalf, you would have received not a single word of mercy!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, come on! You talk big, but Kinich clearly has you under lock and key!
:{{DIcon}} O great sovereign, what brings you to this mountaintop?
::{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 ajaw 05a 1.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Hmph. That's more like it.
:{{DIcon}} So, little munchkin, whatcha doing up here?
::{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 ajaw 05b 1.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' That's "great sovereign" to you! You dare invite the wrath of the Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw? You will burn in [[Turnfire]] for a thousand years for your blasphemy!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 ajaw 06.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' If you must know &mdash; our humble servant begged us to investigate an [[Abyss]] incident near Huitztlan, and we chose to grant his request.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Abyss incident!?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 ajaw 07.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' See this little lizard? Its mother, a medium-sized lizard, came under the influence of Abyssal power. In her confusion, she attacked my servant's tribe, then assailed her own offspring.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes... So how is she doing now?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 ajaw 08.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' She was but a lowly bug fighting against the power of the Abyss. Naturally, she has departed for the [[Night Kingdom]].
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 ajaw 09.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Such a fragile creature... Apparently, she ended her struggle by leaping from a cliff.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Leaping from a cliff!?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 ajaw 10.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' My dear Anemic Flying Ant, as addled with questions as your head may be, please keep them to yourself. And wipe that absurd expression off your face. We are the Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw, not a wish-granting fountain.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anemic Flying Ant!? You...! Just you wait, two can play at the ugly nickname game!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 ajaw 11.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Hm, we sense a faint Abyssal energy... An evil sorcerer must be lurking nearby, but they are well-hidden. If you encounter any suspicious outlanders, be sure to give them a robust interrogation.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Suspicious outlanders? Wait, are you mocking us?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 ajaw 12.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Pah! How dare you cast aspersions on your ruler, heathen! You're just lucky that our servant has such vile taste in friends! Otherwise, we would beat you black and blue! And then purple! Then black again!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 3 ajaw 13.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' If you're not here to kiss my feet, then get out of my sight! Do not impede the work of the Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The potty mouth on that guy! Paimon is furious! ...Still, good to know about the Abyss threat, huh? Wasn't expecting that.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Ugh, let's not get sidetracked. We should take care of Huni's request first.
----
;(Talk to Huni or Toba)
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 01a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 01b.ogg}}--> '''Toba:''' Wow, you're back already! That was sooo fast!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 01a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 01b.ogg}}--> '''Huni:''' I'm so glad that the babies are all right. Thank you both so much! Now we can finally go home and stop worrying about them.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're welcome! Piece of cake.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 02b.ogg}}--> '''Huni:''' You're not from Natlan, right? 'Cause your clothes look different than ours. Hey, you must be tired after all that climbing. You should come take a rest at my house!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 02.ogg}} '''Toba:''' Yeah, please come! I promise, you'll get a big Scions of the Canopy welcome! We love having guests, and you're really nice people &mdash; not like glasses guy.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the sounds of it, "glasses guy" wasn't from Natlan either, right?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 03.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Uh-huh. Well, his clothes sure weren't... You know what, now that I think about it, there was something really fishy about him!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Maybe he was the suspicious outlander that Ajaw mentioned...
:{{DIcon}} Could you tell us a little bit more about him?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 04a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 04b.ogg}}--> '''Huni:''' Sure, if you're interested. Lemme think, how did the conversation go again...
;(A flashback begins)
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 05.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Please, Mister, I've told you so many stories already... When are you gonna help me find the baby Saurians?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Just one more story. One more, I swear. Why don't you tell me more about that ball of fire?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 02.ogg}} '''???:''' I heard that there was a huge, transparent ball of fire that used to burn... five hundred years ago? A thousand years ago? Maybe even further back than that.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 03.ogg}} '''Toba:''' Oh, you mean Turnfire! That's where the [[Ancient Name|ancient name]] "{{Rubi|Malipo|Turnfire}}" comes from!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh, wow, so it was the origin of an ancient name? That's impressive!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 06.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Uh-huh! There's a story behind every ancient name. The legend goes that the Turnfire first appeared in the era of the Grand Alliance. It was used by the tyrant [[Och-Kan]] to rule over Natlan and oppress anyone who opposed him.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 07.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Turnfire is different from normal fire. If you get set on fire with it, you'll feel a horrible burning pain from behind you, but you won't die from it right away. And whatever you do, you mustn't turn back to look at it!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Why? What happens if you turn back?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 04.ogg}} '''Toba:''' As soon as you turn around, poof! You get burned to a crisp!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 05.ogg}} '''???:''' Well good golly gee... I mean, it's one thing to singe someone's clothes, but burning people alive? That is a big no-no in my book...
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 08.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Right? How nasty is it to burn someone from behind and not even let them turn around to look? Och-Kan really was an evil tyrant.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 06.ogg}} '''???:''' Yes, shocking behavior... Now let me guess &mdash; eventually, a valiant hero came to save the day? That's how these stories usually go.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 05.ogg}} '''Toba:''' Good guess, Uncle Glasses! Seems like you really know your stuff. The hero was called [[Yupanqui]]. He's the ancestor of our tribe.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 09.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Mm-hmm. Yupanqui was friends with Och-Kan the tyrant and also [[Xbalanque]], the first [[Pyro Archon]]. He was working as an ordnance officer for the Grand Alliance at the time.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 10.ogg}} '''Huni:''' He didn't like how Och-Kan was such a cruel tyrant. So he stole the Turnfire and threw it at the Och-Kan's army. The soldiers couldn't defend against it, and they all got turned to ash.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 11.ogg}} '''Huni:''' And that's how our ancestor set our people free. But, just as he was about to leave the city, he thought he heard Och-Kan calling out to him from behind. It caught him off guard, and he turned around to look...
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 06.ogg}} '''Toba:''' But Och-Kan wasn't there. All he saw was a city burned black, an army in ruins, and giant flames reaching up into the sky...
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 12.ogg}} '''Huni:''' A split-second later, the flames he saw burst out from inside his eyes, and swallowed him up.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 07.ogg}} '''Toba:''' All it took was a single glance! As soon as he looked back, he was burned to a crisp.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 07.ogg}} '''???:''' The question is, was this the price he paid for stealing the Turnfire? Or the price of turning back?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 08.ogg}} '''Toba:''' Nobody knows the answer. But the fire that consumed Yupanqui burned more fiercely than any other. It burned for a hundred days, until it burned a hole right through the ley lines!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 09.ogg}} '''Toba:''' And then, kshhh! The flame dropped into the deathly dark Night Kingdom, where it still burns to this day.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 13.ogg}} '''Huni:''' The grown-ups say that it lights up the path that leads to the next life. But for the dead to be reborn, they have to accept the flames and be purified by the fire first.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 14.ogg}} '''Huni:''' It's like a final look back at your life, where you have to answer for everything you did... Anyway, that's the story of Yupanqui's Turnfire.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 08.ogg}} '''???:''' Ahh... A fine parable indeed! So is it true? Is it really possible to find this fire in the Night Kingdom?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 15.ogg}} '''Huni:''' I dunno... I think it's just a story.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 09.ogg}} '''???:''' Either way, I assume this name has been passed down in your tribe ever since?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 10.ogg}} '''Toba:''' Sure has! It went to [[Burkina]], the hero that we celebrate on Turnfire Night. But that was five hundred years ago.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 16.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Yeah, and now it belongs to Kinich... So we often call him "{{Rubi|Malipo|Turnfire}}" Kinich.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 10.ogg}} '''???:''' Kinich, huh...
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 11.ogg}} '''Toba:''' Alright, Uncle Glasses, that's enough stories! Now, can you please go find the baby Saurians for us, like you promised?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 11.ogg}} '''???:''' Uhh... I would, but doesn't the legend of the Turnfire teach us not to look back? Let's not go dredging up the past.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 12.ogg}} '''???:''' Tell me more about this Kinich guy. One more story, I swear. Starting... now.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 13.ogg}} '''???:''' No? ...Careful Toba, you look dangerously close to cursing me out right now. Tut-tut, we can't have that. Cursing is for grown-ups only.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 17.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Uncle... You'd better not be trying to trick us... Or the Turnfire will get you when you die!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 14.ogg}} '''???:''' How would it get me if I'm outside of Natlan? Uncle Glasses isn't from here, you know. Unlike you.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 18.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Huh...?
:;(Sanka sees the Traveler and Paimon walking over in the distance)
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 15.ogg}} '''???:''' Wait... Is that...?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 16a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 16b.ogg}}--> '''???:''' ...Alright, kiddos &mdash; I'm a man of my word. Two of my friends are on their way here and, uh... yeah. They'll help you out on my behalf.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 17a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 17b.ogg}}--> '''???:''' Work them like dogs, okay? That's what they're here for. Don't go easy on them just for my sake.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 12.ogg}} '''Toba:''' Really? ...Well, first can you tell us your name?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 18.ogg}} '''Sanka:''' We met at the foot of this cliff, so... beneath the peaks... Let's go with "Sanka."
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 19.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Seriously...?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 19a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 fuchikami 19b.ogg}}--> '''Sanka:''' If you don't believe me, turn around and see for yourselves. They're right behind you.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 20.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Huh? Where...?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 21.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Wait... Uncle Sanka, where did you go!?
;(Flashback ends)
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, definitely a fishy character... It sounds like he was digging for info about the ancient names.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 13.ogg}} '''Toba:''' Yeah! And not only that, but he betrayed us too! He'll pay for this!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 22.ogg}} '''Huni:''' All he got out of us were some stories, though. What's the worst that could happen?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... {{Traveler}}, maybe we should go tell Kinich about this? Ajaw says he's investigating it, but he's a bit of a loose cannon. We probably shouldn't take him at his word.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 23.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Huh? You know Kinich?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... Not very well. But we have met him before, and one time we had a meal together.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 14.ogg}} '''Toba:''' Aw man, I'm so jealous! I've never even spoken to him. He's so cool! He's the Saurian-hunter, and he has a really awesome ancient name.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 24.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Me neither! I don't think my dad really likes him, though... He always tells me to stay away from him. Probably because of that little creep he always hangs out with. He's nasty. And he's so full of himself.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, the creep who calls himself K'uhul Ajaw! Yeah, we've had the pleasure of meeting him too... He sure loves pushing people's buttons.
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 25.ogg}} '''Huni:''' Exactly! I dunno why Kinich partnered up with him. Why didn't he pick me instead?
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 15.ogg}} '''Toba:''' Uh-oh! Huni, look how late it is! We've been out way too long... We'd better get home now, or we'll get yelled at!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 26a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 26b.ogg}}--> '''Huni:''' Yikes, you're right. Okay, well... this path here leads to our settlement. If you decide to visit, remember to come to my house!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 huni 27.ogg}} '''Huni:''' If there's anything you need, my dad can help get it for you. Hope to see you soon!
:{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 16a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo jnqlq001 5 toba 16b.ogg}}--> '''Toba:''' We gotta run! Bye for now!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = A Mysterious Visitor From Huitztlan
|zhs      = 维茨特兰的神秘访客
|zhs_rm   = Wéicítèlán de Shénmì Fǎngkè
|zht      = 維茨特蘭的神秘訪客
|zht_rm   = Wéicítèlán de Shénmì Fǎngkè
|zh_tl    = A Mysterious Visitor From Huitztlan
|ja       = ウィッツトランからの謎の客
|ja_rm    = Wittsutoran kara no Nazo no Kyaku
|ja_tl    = A Mysterious Visitor From Huitztlan
|ko       = 위칠틀란<->의 수수께끼 방문객
|ko_tl    = A Mysterious Visitor From Huitztlan
|es       = Un visitante misterioso de Huitztlán
|es_tl    = A Mysterious Visitor from Huitztlán
|fr       = Un mystérieux visiteur de Huitztlan
|fr_tl    = A Mysterious Visitor From Huitztlan
|ru       = Таинственный гость из Уитцтлана
|ru_tl    = A Mysterious Guest From Huitztlan
|th       = ผู้มาเยือนลึกลับจาก Huitztlan
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Vị Khách Bí Ẩn Của Huitztlan
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ein geheimnisvoller Besucher aus Huitztlan
|de_tl    = A Mysterious Visitor From Huitztlan
|id       = Seorang Tamu Misterius dari Huitztlan
|id_tl    = A Mysterious Guest From Huitztlan
|pt       = Um Visitante Misterioso de Huitztlan
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Huitztlan'dan Gelen Gizemli Misafir
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Un misterioso visitatore di Huitztlan
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}