{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19012
|image         = Hangout Event A Mysterious Order.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Sayu
|actNum        = I
|act           = Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = 
|next          = Give It Up!
|next2         = Shuumatsuban Suspicions
|characters    = Kano Nana; Sayu; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Mysterious Order''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the city
# Give chase in the direction of Sayu's disappearance
# Look for Sayu nearby
# Ask the shrine maiden about the situation
#* If the player thanks her for her help, proceed to [[Give It Up!]]
#* If the player tells her that they will continue investigating, proceed to [[Shuumatsuban Suspicions]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As you walk through [[Inazuma City]], you feel a strange gaze from somewhere around you.}}
===A Mysterious Gaze===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to the city)
:'''Thoughts:''' (Huh?)
:;(The camera zooms on Sayu, who disappears from Traveler's sight)
:'''Thoughts:''' (Was that... Sayu? What's she doing running around here?)
:'''Thoughts:''' (Let's go follow her, maybe we can find out what's going on.)
----
;(Chase Sayu)
:'''Thoughts:''' (She's nowhere to be seen...)
:'''Thoughts:''' (We saw her only a moment ago, she couldn't have gone too far off.)
:'''Thoughts:''' (Perhaps she's using her ninjutsu skills to hide. Hmm, let's have a look around the area.)
----
;(Observe the box crates)
:'''Observe:''' (This appears to be just an ordinary pile of junk. Someone will likely come by to clean it up soon.)

;(Observe the barrels)
:'''Observe:''' (There doesn't seem to be anything of particular interest here, let's go have a look somewhere else.)

;(Observe crates and barrels)
:'''Observe:''' (Nope, she doesn't seem to be around here.)
----
;(Observe the "barrel")
:'''Observe:''' (Hm? What's that strange-looking thing?)
:;(The "barrel" transforms into Sayu)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Aw, you saw right through my disguise...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Odd... Even the shrine maiden often struggles to find me.
:{{DIcon}} Well, if your tail wasn't sticking out...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Huh? My tail was sticking out!?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *sigh* I must have been too nervous and failed to fully utilize my ninjutsu technique.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' So, uh, what do you need?
:{{DIcon}} I was about to ask you the same thing.
:{{DIcon}} Weren't you looking for me just now?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Well, uh... I heard that Shimura's added a delicious new dish to their menu.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' And [[Yae Publishing House]] has some good light novels... Oh, and a dip in [[Aisa Bathhouse]] is always nice.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' So uh, you know...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Today's weather is perfect for... all that stuff.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' ...So, what can I do for you?
:{{DIcon}} ...What's the real reason?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No really, I'm not up to anything. I'm just a little tired and thought I could use a good nap.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I'll be going now. Don't bother chasing me again, you won't be able to catch me anyway.
:{{DIcon}} I suppose I'll just have a chat with the shrine maiden, then.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps I'll tell Kamisato Ayaka that I ran into you here.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh no, anything but that!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *sigh* You're just as difficult as the shrine maiden. C'mon just let me go, would you.
:{{DIcon}} Then I expect you to answer honestly.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 15.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, fine. But if I tell you the truth, I don't wanna hear any complaints, no matter how crazy the truth may seem.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 16.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' So you know I'm in the [[Shuumatsuban]], right? Well, it's our job to take care of matters that are "inconvenient" to the higher-ups.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 17.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Which sometimes includes ambushing people.
:{{DIcon}} I see. Go on...
:{{DIcon}} Ambushing, huh? That's sticky business.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 18.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Huh? Doesn't that intimidate you even a little bit?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 19.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' You do know what that means, right? And still no reaction, huh? Don't tell me it's because of my height.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 20.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Anyway, being ambushed is pretty scary. You should at least try to express a little concern.
:{{DIcon}} But I'm not your target, right?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 21.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uh actually, according to my orders, you are... Though I have no intention of really attacking you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 22.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I don't get it, they never assign me this kind of mission. There's loads of other suitable operatives.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 23.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' All this craziness is starting to interfere with my sleep schedule. I just dropped by to see how you were doing. I was glad to see that you're okay.
:{{DIcon}} But why all the running? And what's with all those lame excuses just now?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 24.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I was worried about how you'd react...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 25.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I mean, who knows what you'd do if you knew that I was out to ambush you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 26.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yet, when I told you, you didn't so much as flinch. I guess that actually made me feel a lot better.
:{{DIcon}} Well, you were a great help to us before. What's really concerning is whatever's behind these orders of yours.
:{{DIcon}} I want to ask around and get to the bottom of this.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 27.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Who do you want to talk to? Someone in the [[Yashiro Commission]]?
:{{DIcon}} Who is the "shrine maiden" you mentioned earlier?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 28.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' She's the one who's been assigned to supervise my work. She always tries to catch me whenever I'm slacking off. Basically, it's her duty to keep me from napping.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 29.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But... she would probably know more about the origins of my mission.
:{{DIcon}} Then let's go ask her about it.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 30.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Fine... I'll take you to her, but I'll have to hide somewhere in the distance. If she catches me anywhere near there, I'll never hear the end of it.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 31.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' And then they'll sentence me to all kinds of work, which'll really cut into my time for napping.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I understand. Let's go.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 32.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Please, she's quite perceptive. You mustn't tell her that you've seen me anywhere.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901204 sayu 33.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' You got that? We have a deal, no word about me."
{{Dialogue End}}

===Shuumatsuban Visitation?===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Ask Kano Nana)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 01.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' *sigh* Where has she run off to this time...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 02.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Hm? I didn't expect to see you here. You're {{Traveler}}, right? It's a pleasure to meet you.
:{{DIcon}} Do you know me?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, you've heard of me?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 03.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Yes, [[Kamisato Ayaka|Miss Kamisato]] has spoken of you before. You seemed familiar. It appears my intuitions were correct.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 04.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' May I ask what brings you here?
:{{DIcon}} I happened to be in the area. Do you come here often?
:{{DIcon}} It seems you are looking for something.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 05.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' It just so happens I'm looking for a little child by the name of Sayu.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 06.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' She's a ninja with a nasty habit of disappearing the moment I turn around. *sigh* She's always neglectful of her duties.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 07.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' She often comes here to take a nap, but it seems she's already predicted that I would come looking for her.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 08.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' You haven't happened to see her anywhere, have you? She's wearing a mujina costume, pretty hard to miss.
:{{DIcon}} Uh, no... No, I haven't.
:{{DIcon}} No.
:{{DIcon}} No, of course not.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 09.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Really?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 10.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Well then, I suppose I'll just have to keep searching for her.
:{{DIcon}} By the way, I've caught word that the Yashiro Commission has supposedly dispatched someone to ambush me.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 11.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Oh? How could that be?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 12.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' How did you catch wind of this? Did you encounter the ninja tasked with the matter?
:{{DIcon}} No, I've just... heard things.
:{{DIcon}} I've just got an unusual feeling that someone's following me.
:{{DIcon}} Someone informed me that this might be happening. I've been on my guard.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 13.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Huh... Well, I'm sure there's no need to worry. You're probably just overthinking things.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 14.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' After all, you have been of great service to the Yashiro Commission and many are thankful for your actions. How could anyone even consider dispatching a ninja to attack you?
:{{DIcon}} Is it possible that a ninja could have gone rogue? You know, a ninja like Sayu...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 15.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Like Sayu? You mean to say that this matter is related to Sayu?
:{{DIcon}} No, not at all. I'm just making an example, that's all.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 16.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' There's absolutely no need to worry about Sayu. If anything, she's extremely loyal and would never act presumptuously.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 17.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Though she often neglects her duties as a ninja and seems to never heed instructions, she's certainly not one to go against our principles.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 18.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Given her age, such portentous tasks are not assigned to her.
:{{DIcon}} (Of course Sayu wouldn't hurt me...)
:{{DIcon}} (What a relief...)
:{{DIcon}} (But doesn't that just make Sayu even more suspicious?)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 19.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' What's the matter? Are you still worried?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 20.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Alright, just to be sure, I shall personally inquire about this matter with the Yashiro Commission.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 21.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Though I am the shrine maiden, it is also part of my duties to take on work from the Shuumatsuban.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, that would certainly help.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} While you are making inquiries, I shall continue investigating on my own, just to be safe.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Branch 1====
{{Dialogue Start}}
<!--:{{DIcon}} Thank you, that would certainly help.-->
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 22.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' I'll be sure to look into it. I'm curious myself what could be the cause of such absurd rumors.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 23.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' My intuition tells me that Sayu's mischief might be behind this whole misunderstanding.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 24.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Are you completely certain that you haven't seen her around recently?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, absolutely certain.
:{{DIcon}} (Seems there's no fooling her...)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 25.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 26.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Aha! Sayu, I can see you. Come out from there!
:{{DIcon}} (Don't tell me she left her tail sticking out again!)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 27.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Don't even think about trying to sneak away. Come over here, this instant!
:{{Black Screen|''Seeing Sayu walk up gloomily, Kano Nana understands what going on.''}}
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 28.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Hmm, it does appear that Sayu has really been given a mission to ambush you... Which wasn't assigned by me, of course.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 29.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' I apologize, {{Traveler}}. I'm afraid I did not treat this matter with due sincerity.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 30.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' I shall take these orders back to the Yashiro Commission for further clarification.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Good... Well if there's nothing left for me to do then I'll be...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 31.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Ahem! Sayu!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, uh, y&mdash;yes!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 32.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Where do you think you're off to? You have ninjutsu training to complete, so you shall return with me to Chinju Forest.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yes, but you know, an exceptional ninja must not only work hard, but also have ample rest. *yawn* It happens to be time for my nap, so I'll see you next time... Goodbye and good night.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 33.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' You're coming with me, even if I have to carry you, Sayu. Is that what you want?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, n&mdash;no need. I'm sorry, I'll come quietly.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' In which case... {{Traveler}}, will you come with us, too?
:{{DIcon}} Why?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I promise there won't be any trouble. I need a bit of your time, that's all.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I helped you by bringing you to the shrine maiden, so now you need to return the favor.
:{{DIcon}} Alright, fine.
:{{DIcon}} Good thing we didn't have any other plans.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 34.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Ugh... I honestly hope you are not up to something again, Sayu.
:;(Proceed to [[Give It Up!]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Branch 2====
{{Dialogue Start}}
<!--:{{DIcon}} While you are making inquiries, I shall continue investigating on my own, just to be safe.-->
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 kanonana 35.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Yes, of course. I'm sorry that this matter has taken up so much of your time. I'll be sure to look into it and get back to you as soon as possible.
:{{Black Screen|''Kano Nana leaves.''}}
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Whew, that was close. Thanks for not ratting me out.
:{{DIcon}} Good thing you didn't fall asleep.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hey, even I find it hard to sleep through a tense moment like that.
:{{DIcon}} So we know that Kano Nana isn't behind your mission, is there anyone else you can think of?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hmm, I don't know where else to start...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, but there is one official guy who is responsible for delivering orders from the Yashiro Commission to the Shuumatsuban. Anyone with missions like this will report directly to him.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But I never receive those kind of missions, so I've hardly ever spoken to him before.
:{{DIcon}} That makes him a likely suspect.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe there's a way we can get his attention?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, so what should I do?
:{{DIcon}} Just pretend that you've already finished the job.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Huh!? B&mdash;But, I can't do that... I mean, I&mdash;I can't even squish an [[Onikabuto]], there's no way I...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 15.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh wait, you said pretend, didn't you? You almost scared my tail off... But even so, I'm a lousy liar...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I'll give you some hair and other evidence to report back with.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 16.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, I get it. We'll take the evidence, stuff it in a bag, and write my name on it. Then, all I need to do is put it in the big box used for reports and wait for him to see it. I'm sure he'll come looking for me.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 17.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *yawn* But that's a lot to do, and it's really far away.
:{{DIcon}} Hey, you have to help me out here.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 18.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh fine, I guess my nap will have to wait till later. Just stay put, okay? I'll be back in no time.
:{{Black Screen|''After a while, Sayu finally returns.''}}
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 19.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *panting* I finally made it back.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 20.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Your evidence caught his attention right away. He gave me a different location to meet him up later. Strange, why wouldn't we just meet at the [[Police Station]]?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he's up to something.
:{{DIcon}} That's even more suspicious.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901205 sayu 21.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Let's go to the meeting point, I want to settle this quickly so I can finally curl up for a nice, long nap.
:;(Proceed to [[Shuumatsuban Suspicions]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Mysterious Order
|zhs     = 一项神秘的命令
|zhs_rm  = Yī Xiàng Shénmì de Mìnglìng
|zht     = 一項神祕的命令
|zht_rm  = Yī Xiàng Shénmì de Mìnglìng
|zh_tl   = A Mysterious Order
|ja      = 謎めいた命令
|ja_rm   = Nazomeita Meirei
|ja_tl   = Enigmatic Order
|ko      = 의문의 명령
|ko_rm   = Uimun-ui Myeongryeong
|ko_tl   = A Mysterious Order
|es      = Una orden misteriosa
|es_tl   = A Mysterious Order
|fr      = Un ordre mystérieux
|fr_tl   = A Mysterious Order
|ru      = Таинственный приказ
|ru_tl   = A Mysterious Order
|th      = คำสั่งอันลึกลับ
|th_rm   = Khamsang an Luek-lap
|th_tl   = A Mysterious Order
|vi      = Mệnh Lệnh Thần Bí
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein geheimnisvoller Auftrag
|de_tl   = A Mysterious Order
|id      = Sebuah Perintah Misterius
|id_tl   = A Mysterious Order
|pt      = Uma Ordem Misteriosa
|pt_tl   = A Mysterious Order
|tr      = Gizemli Bir Emir
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un ordine misterioso
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}