{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19170
|image         = Hangout Event A Mysterious Senior.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Faruzan
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Confounding Conundrum
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Pardis Dhyai]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ashavan Realm
|subarea       = Pardis Dhyai
|requirement   = 
|next          = Essential Classic
|next2         = Early Learning Mechanism
|next3         = Wanderings of a Lonesome Shadow
|characters    = Collei; Faruzan; Nadwah; Tighnari; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Mysterious Senior...?''''' is a quest in {{Quest|A Confounding Conundrum}}.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Pardis Dhyai]]
# Talk to [[Tighnari]]
# Find [[Faruzan]] at the Akademiya
# Talk to [[Collei]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Tighnari is at Pardis Dhyai, waiting for a certain mysterious senior...}}
===A Mysterious Senior...?===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to Pardis Dhyai and talk to Tighnari)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Even though most of the Akademiya's restrictions have significantly relaxed, I'm still a bit worried that the matra might give her trouble.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I need to stay here to keep an eye on the situation. Collei, can you head to Sumeru City and find out why she isn't here yet?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Um... Does it have to be me?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'd only assign a job this important to someone I trust. ...Are you not feeling well?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, no, I'm fine! I've completely recovered! It's just that if I'm going to see her... Umm, I think I need to mentally prepare myself first...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' *sigh* I know, I know... you'll have a tough time if you go by yourself... If we could arrange for someone to accompany you...
:{{DIcon}} In a predicament, I see?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, hey there!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It's been a while. What a coincidence, I was just thinking about asking you to accompany Collei to Sumeru City.
:{{DIcon}} Why'd you think of me...?
:{{DIcon}} What made you think I have time on my hands?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Sorry, that's not what I meant. It's just that this matter... concerns research banned by the Akademiya. Not the sort of thing you'd shout from the rooftops.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Also, you happen to know about this situation. There are very few people I can trust to be discreet right now. After giving it much thought, I believe you're the most suitable person for this task.
:{{DIcon}} Research banned by the Akademiya?
:{{DIcon}} And something that I know about...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It's complicated, and this isn't the best place to talk about it. We'll fill you in on the details once she arrives.
:{{DIcon}} Who's "she"?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You might have heard about her in Sumeru before. Her name is Faruzan, and she's a very experienced senior researcher.
:{{DIcon}} When you say "very experienced"...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Let's just say that a huge part of Kshahrewar's mechanical research over the past 100 years have used her academic discourse and manuscripts as their foundation.
:{{DIcon}} 100 years? Is she human?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' She is, but she vanished for a hundred years because of a certain incident. She only returned to the Akademiya after being found in the wilderness a few years ago.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Because of that, her current personality can be a bit... er, strange. As is her attitude towards Collei.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Aaah, I'm getting a headache just thinking about it...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 13.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' She doesn't have bad intentions, so you don't have to be scared.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I&mdash;I'll try... *sigh*
:{{DIcon}} Do we really have to invite her here?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 14.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yes. Kshahrewar and Spantamad researchers are often quite prejudiced, so I can't trust them with this matter.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 15.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' However, Faruzan isn't influenced by modern thinking. In our previous correspondence through letters, she indicated that she'd be willing to help.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 16.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It's already past our arranged meeting time, but she still hasn't shown up...
:{{DIcon}} Did she get caught by the Akademiya?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 17.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I don't think so. With her personality, it's more likely that she got wrapped up in some sort of trouble.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 18.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Anyway, can you go with Collei to the Akademiya and check on Faruzan for me?
:{{DIcon}} Sure thing.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 collei 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Phew, thank goodness. I was so anxious...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 19.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm counting on you two. Collei, don't push yourself too hard. Just go there and see what's going on.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 20.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Our task is important, but not that urgent. If Faruzan really is in some trouble, come back and tell me about it. We can always reschedule our meeting.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 tighnari 21.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' After all, if she's distracted by other things, it'll affect her ability to help us.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917001 collei 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Alright, let's go!

;(Talk to Tighnari again)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Oh yes, and one more thing. You might find her difficult to get along with at first.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' However, if you address her as "Madam," she'll become much easier to talk to.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Tighnari, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917301 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' (I do hope Madam Faruzan is able to find time as soon as possible...)
----
;(Find Faruzan at the Akademiya)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Sorry? What did you say? Could you repeat yourself? As you know, I'm sure, hearing goes with age...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 nadwah 01.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Faruzan, I said that you need to give us an answer!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Ah, yes, and did you forget to add "Madam" when you addressed me earlier?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 nadwah 02.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Your hearing is perfectly fine!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 nadwah 03.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Ahem! Madam... Faruzan, we don't want to make things difficult for you. However, you haven't been teaching courses or supervising theses these past few years...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 nadwah 04.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Isn't this rather problematic as an adviser? Never mind the students, even other advisers are starting to complain.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' And who, if I might ask, complained? If they have any issue with me, tell them to talk to me themselves rather than waste any of your time.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 nadwah 05.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Um...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmph! You don't have to tell me anything. I very well know that it's those people from Haravatat. How I wish they'd put their time into doing proper research instead!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 nadwah 06.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' But Madam Faruzan, it has been a long while since you last made any practical academic contribution yourself...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Uh... Ahem! Academic contribution cannot simply be divided between the tangible and the intangible. The issue here, I believe, is that the reviewer doesn't understand the very nature of knowledge itself...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' In any case, makes no sense to use a metric like this to evaluate a mentor. Which sage set this rule, anyway? I should write a letter of complaint right this instant!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 nadwah 07.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' W&mdash;Wait! Madam Faruzan, please let me finish!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' That's her, all right... but the person with her doesn't look like a matra.
:{{DIcon}} She looks so young!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Shh! She hates it when people call her young!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Her body apparently stopped aging during the years she was gone, so that's why she looks the same as she did 100 years ago.
:{{DIcon}} (So she disappeared for 100 years...)
:{{DIcon}} (What in the world happened to her?)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Phew... Okay, I think I'm ready for this. Let's go!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 nadwah 08.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' *sigh* Anyway, [[Acara Crafts]] and the leader of Kshahrewar would like to invite you to collaborate on this project...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 nadwah 09.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' They're wondering if you'd be interested... Uh, Madam Faruzan? Are you listening?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Mm-hmm...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 08.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Ah! Collei? Why are you here at the Akademiya? Are you feeling better now?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I'm m&mdash;much better, Madam Faruzan. It's all thanks to {{Traveler}} and the Dendro Archon...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 09.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Have you been sleeping well? You seem to be developing some eye bags... Is that brat Tighnari forcing you to stay up late again?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 collei 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' No! It's because I'm a slow learner... It's not Master's fault...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 10.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' It's good to be hardworking, but you need to take care of your health. I'll have to give Tighnari a right talking-to when I see him. I'll also prepare some health supplements for you.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 collei 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Uh, there's really no need...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 11.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Ah, and is the person beside you the legendary {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Pleasure to meet your acquaintance, Madam.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 12.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Oh? I've heard much about you before. In fact, I've been meaning to meet you for a while now.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 13.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' It is thanks to you, after all, that the Akademiya is finally getting back on its feet. Even Collei's illness is...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 nadwah 10.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Ahem. Madam Faruzan, I believe we were still discussing the collaboration with Acara Crafts.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 14.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmph! I'd wager it's those Kshahrewar dunderheads finding excuses so that I'd go to their Darshan. Say no more &mdash; I have no plans to change my field of research.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 nadwah 11.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' *sigh* If you're this unwilling to participate in the collaborative project, you can also consider teaching a class.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 nadwah 12.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' It might be difficult to teach a course with topics that only fall within Haravatat subjects, but we can't delay this anymore. You need to give an answer!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 nadwah 13.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' You can teach a course or participate in a collaborative project. If you don't do either, it'll be hard for me to persuade the advisers and students who have been complaining.
:{{DIcon}} (This sounds like some internal Akademiya dispute...)
:{{DIcon}} (This seems to have nothing to do with Tighnari's request...)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 15.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Could you not give me a few more days to consider? This matter has been delayed for so long already...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 nadwah 14.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' That's precisely the issue! If you don't give an answer today, I fear that someone will soon escalate their complaints to the sages.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 16.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' What a waste of free time these folks are...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 17.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Now, you two are here at Tighnari's behest, I take it? I'm sorry, but given the current situation, it looks like I'll have to come over some other day.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 collei 08.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Um...
:{{DIcon}} (Collei seems like she wants to say something...)
::{{DIcon}} Please give me a moment with Collei.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917002 faruzan 18.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Of course. I shall need some time to think as well...
;(Continue to [[#An Akademic Problem|An Akademic Problem]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===An Akademic Problem===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Collei)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' What now? She seems so busy.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Master said there's no rush, but I know that he's been busy working on something at Pardis Dhyai, so he hasn't returned to Gandharva Ville for several days now.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I feel for Madam Faruzan, but I still want to ask her to come with us.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' But if I get her in trouble with the Akademiya, then she won't have the time to help Master. What should I do? Ugh, this is such a headache.
:{{DIcon}} Let's help her resolve her current problem first.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Let's think of some way to get her to Pardis Dhyai.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Collei)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Yeah, that would be the best for them both. I'll check with Master later and see if there's anything I can help him with.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' But I'm sure he'll say, "The best thing you can do now is study hard so I don't have to give you remedial lessons"...
:{{DIcon}} I can stay and help Faruzan.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Huh? Oh, yes! This way, she can get her problem sorted out quickly, and then she can go see Master.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 08.ogg}} '''Collei:''' So if I also stay and help... Umm, that still sounds kinda scary...
:{{DIcon}} You don't have to force yourself.
:{{DIcon}} Let's observe the situation first.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 09.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Okay, then... I'm counting on you.

;(Talk to Faruzan)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hah. I have to teach students from Haravatat, or owe Kshahrewar a favor? It strikes me that they might be even less happy about such a deal than I am.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 01.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Haha... I think I can sympathize with them...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 10.ogg}} '''Collei:''' We're back, Madam Faruzan.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 11a.ogg}} {{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 11b.ogg}} '''Collei:''' {{Traveler}} said that {{MC|m=he|f=she}} can stay and help you.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Oh? Why, I couldn't ask for more. In fact, I'm rather curious about the type of person the Traveler is... You were the one who taught Azar a lesson, after all. That said, will I be troubling you?
:{{DIcon}} It's no trouble at all.
:{{DIcon}} I specialize in solving problems.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Is that so? Good. It does so happen that I do have something I need help with...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Now, should I apply to teach a course with Haravatat, or join the collaborative project that Kshahrewar is proposing? Honestly, I don't want to choose either of them.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me more about that Haravatat course...
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1.1|Branch 1.1]])
:{{DIcon}} Let's hear what this Kshahrewar collaborative project is about...
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1.2|Branch 1.2]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Branch 1.1====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 02.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' You might have heard of it before. Haravatat is an academic faction that researches languages and runes. One hundred years ago, Madam Faruzan was a researcher from that Darshan.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Now, now, not was. Still am.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 03.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Y&mdash;Yes, of course, but current Haravatat students can't really... um, understand her direction of research. So even if she opened a course, chances are that no one would attend.
:{{DIcon}} Direction of research?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' In summary, I mean to "interpret the configurations and solutions of ruin mechanisms via the deciphering of on-site stone carvings and unearthed documents." It'll include research into general documents dealing with such ancient machines.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 04.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' The research method is supported by Haravatat, yes, but the content deals heavily with both ruins and mechanisms. This will make it difficult for students of this Darshan because they don't understand much about mechanisms...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 05.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Also, there are fewer and fewer unexplored ruins left nowadays, and Kshahrewar researchers have been developing their own theories on mechanisms. As such, they don't need to rely on ancient documents...
:{{DIcon}} (So this subject is what you might call a "sunset industry"...)
:{{DIcon}} (So she's doing very niche research...)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmph! They're far too complacent. Ancient mechanisms are more dangerous and complex than one might imagine.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 08.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I'm telling you, things weren't like this 100 years ago. All researchers back then were interested in exploring knowledge from a variety of topics. They also gave more respect to unknown mechanisms...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 09.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Nowadays, all people are interested in are "mainstream subjects" and "popular research." Even if they attended my course, I wouldn't be interested in teaching them.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 10.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Also, the people here think that my research is outdated and unrealistic, so they keep cutting my funding!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 11.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Why, I think they could all stand to learn from Collei &mdash; she's a hardworking child and respects her elders!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 12.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Huh? Why me?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 12.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Ah, if only those who came to my lectures were more like you...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 13.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Speaking of which, are you feeling better? You don't have to confine yourself to Gandharva Ville anymore, right?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 13.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I&mdash;I just remembered that I have a lot of studying to do! I need to head back and find Master!
:{{DIcon}} Wait, I have an idea.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 14.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmm?
:{{DIcon}} Collei needs to learn how to read...
:{{DIcon}} And you need to teach a course...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 15.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Are you telling me to start a reading course for Collei?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 14.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 06.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Wait! Although Tighnari has academic dealings with the Akademiya, he isn't considered part of it. This means that Collei isn't technically a student...
:{{DIcon}} Does she have to hold this class IN the Akademiya?
:{{DIcon}} Can't it be a public course?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 16a.ogg}} {{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 16b.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmm... No, {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s right. The old Akademiya became consumed by their arrogance precisely because they ignored the public.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 17.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' There must surely be many people like Collei in Sumeru who are passionate about learning but cannot study due to various reasons.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 18.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' The old Akademiya paid no heed to them, but if I start a reading course for Collei as a pilot, perhaps this shall come to benefit many more people in the future!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 07.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Hm... I'll need to go back and ask if this is in accordance with regulations...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 19.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Oh, save yourself the extra trouble. I'll come with you. If there's any arguments to be had, we shall sweep them aside together!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 20.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' {{Traveler}}, Collei, do wait for us a little while outside the Akademiya. I'll be back in just a moment.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 15.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Ah! Wait... Let's catch up with her!
:;(Proceed to [[Essential Classic#Doing Paperwork Sure Is Tough!|Doing Paperwork Sure Is Tough!]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Branch 1.2====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 21.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I don't know if Tighnari's told you about this before, but while my research involves learning about ruins and the mechanisms within them...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 22.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I don't belong to Kshahrewar, which specializes in researching mechanisms, nor am I in Spantamad, which specializes in researching energy flow. Instead, I'm part of Haravatat, which specializes in languages and scripts.
:{{DIcon}} He only said that you're a very senior researcher in the field of mechanisms...
:{{DIcon}} You don't belong to Kshahrewar or Spantamad, huh...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 08.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' She has been invited to Kshahrewar multiple times to continue her research, but she's rejected them each time.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 23.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Just listen to how they introduce themselves! "In the future, Kshahrewar will be the only Darshan with the ability to research mechanisms." Hmph, there's no such thing as exclusivity in knowledge.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 24.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Besides, the current Kshahrewar is more concerned about how mechanisms can be used in everyday life, while my research involves textual analysis of ruins.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 25.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' If they're trying to use the collaborative project as an excuse to have me reconsider again...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 09.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' N&mdash;No, that's not it. The request this time is from Acara Crafts.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 10.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' The representative of Kshahrewar recommended you to them, Madam Faruzan. In truth, she told me that it's because she respects you a lot.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 26.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Oh, r&mdash;respect...? Oh, my...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 27.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Ahem! Putting aside my ideological differences with Kshahrewar, I suppose I must acknowledge this attitude of theirs. At the very least, they're bounds above those decrepit Haravatat fools.
:{{DIcon}} It wouldn't hurt to hear them out.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 16.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Yeah, Acara Crafts is a pretty nice shop...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 28.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmm... Since both of you feel as such, I shall first hear this proposal.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 11.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' In summary, Acara Crafts wants to design a series of early learning toys that will cultivate curiosity and learning in children.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 29.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Early learning toys? Interesting...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 12.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' The Akademiya agreed to work with them because they hope that these toys can help children become excellent researchers in the future.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 30.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' True, the current Akademiya is in need of some new blood. If the children start learning now, perhaps I can find some talented students in a few years...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 17.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Madam Faruzan, you still haven't found any students...?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 13.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Anis, Kshahrewar's representative, should be staying in the inn at Port Ormos. If you want more details, you can find her there.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 31.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Port Ormos? Now there's a place I haven't been to in a long time. I wonder how much it's changed.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 18.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I probably can't join you since Port Ormos is a little far from here... I should probably go back and report to Master, and then review today's homework.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 32.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' No worries. Go do your homework, Collei. Once I'm done with everything here, I'll head over to Pardis Dhyai.
:{{DIcon}} I'll take you there.
:{{DIcon}} I can help out.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 33.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Thank you. Why, I'd even call this a rare chance for a curious researcher like myself to observe the legendary Traveler up close.
:;(Proceed to [[Early Learning Mechanism#Toys and How to Play With Them|Toys and How to Play With Them]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 19.ogg}} '''Collei:''' But if someone does complain to the Akademiya, wouldn't it make Faruzan's situation more awkward?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 20.ogg}} '''Collei:''' And if the Akademiya investigated and found her at Pardis Dhyai, things would get even worse for her!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 21.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Do you have some way to invite her over to Pardis Dhyai without stepping on the Akademiya's toes?
:{{DIcon}} I do have the makings of an idea.
:{{DIcon}} Let's observe the situation first.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 22.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Okay, then... I'm counting on you.

;(Talk to Faruzan)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 34.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hah. I have to teach students from Haravatat, or owe Kshahrewar a favor? It strikes me that they might be even less happy about such a deal than I am.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 14.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Haha... I think I can sympathize with them...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 23.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Madam Faruzan, we're back. Sorry for asking again, but are you sure you can't go to Pardis Dhyai today?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 35.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...Well, since you're asking me so sincerely, let's just ignore the Akademiya and&mdash;
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 15.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Please, Madam Faruzan, focus! Today is the deadline!
:{{DIcon}} Actually, Tighnari wants to invite her over to discuss some research.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 16.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 36.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Ah... Ahhh yes, I see, I see. No wonder he sent you two over.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 37.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Why, that lad didn't make it very clear in his letter, now did he? Otherwise, I would've reported it as part of my research.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 24.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Uh... Yeah, yeah, that's right! Master sent us over to explain everything to you.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 17.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Wait, opportunities for collaborative research don't just come out of thin air... This seems like too much of a coincidence.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 18.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Also, there isn't much overlap between Madam Faruzan's research and that of Amurta, right? What will you even be collaborating on?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 25.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Master wants to research, uh...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 38.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...A fully automated irrigation system.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 19.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' A fully automated irrigation system...?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 39.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Precisely. Um, it's a system that can automatically adjust the amount of water it provides based on the season and the plant species involved.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 40.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I saw a similar mechanism while exploring a ruin in the rainforest. That's why Tighnari wanted to collaborate with me.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 20.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' A mechanism like that exists? Why haven't I heard of it before...?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 41.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I... I found it 100 years ago, so it's only natural that you don't know about it. Why don't you go ask your teacher's teacher? Perhaps they've heard about it from their teacher.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 21.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' Uh... But we can't prove its existence one way or the other, right?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 42.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Fret not. I'll have Tighnari write an official proposal to the Akademiya later. That should do it, right?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 22.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' An official proposal... *sigh* Fine. We haven't made any progress with either the collaborative project or the elective course, anyway...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 nadwah 23.ogg}} '''Nadwah:''' I'll go inform my superiors now. Please do take care of the paperwork as soon as possible. Don't delay this any longer.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 43.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Sure. I'll be sure to needle him until he gets it done.
:{{Black Screen|The researcher leaves, clearly still having some doubts...}}
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 44.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Phew... I think she bought it.
:{{DIcon}} That was quick thinking back there.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 45.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Even though this is our first meeting, I must say... we make a good team.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 26.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Wow, you made up that excuse on the spot, huh... Um, Madam Faruzan, did you really find an irrigation system 100 years ago? If the Akademiya asks for any details...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 46.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Who knows? It's been 100 years, so it wouldn't be too surprising if I've forgotten a few details, no?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 collei 27.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Huh? Then how will we explain things to them?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 47.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Heh, I'll let Tighnari worry about whatever documents we might need to send to the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917003 faruzan 48.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...If I'm right, the request he has in store for me won't be any simpler than the Akademiya nonsense.
:;(Proceed to [[Wanderings of a Lonesome Shadow#A Greater Problem|A Greater Problem]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Mysterious Senior...?
|zhs     = 神秘前辈…？
|zhs_rm  = Shénmì Qiánbèi...?
|zht     = 神秘前輩…？
|zht_rm  = Shénmì Qiánbèi...?
|zh_tl   = A Mysterious Senior...?
|ja      = 謎の先輩…？
|ja_rm   = Nazo no Senpai...?
|ja_tl   = A Mysterious Senior...?
|ko      = 신비한 선배…?
|ko_tl   = A Mysterious Senior...?
|es      = ¿Una erudita misteriosa?
|es_tl   = A Mysterious Scholar?
|fr      = Une mystérieuse aînée...?
|fr_tl   = A Mysterious Senior...?
|ru      = Загадочный профессор?..
|ru_tl   = Mysterious Profesor...?
|th      = รุ่นพี่ลึกลับ...?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tiền Bối Thần Bí...?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine mysteriöse Gelehrte&nbsp;...
|de_tl   = A Mysterious Scholar&nbsp;...
|id      = "Ibu" Misterius&nbsp;...?
|id_tl   = Mysterious "Madam"...?
|pt      = Uma Veterana Misteriosa...?
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gizemli Bir Kıdemli mi?
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un'accademica misteriosa...?
|it_tl   = A Mysterious Academic...?
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}