{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41127
|type          = World
|image         = NPC Location Viktor Context.png
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|event_name    = Unreconciled Stars
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|What the Skies Conceal, the Water Reveals|showType=0}}
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|rewards       = Fading Star's Essence*20;Primogem*40;Mora*25,000
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Viktor
}}
'''''A Mysterious Loss''''' is one of the quests during the third phase of the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event: Star of Destiny. The player must complete the {{Quest|What the Skies Conceal, the Water Reveals}} to unlock this quest.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Viktor]]
# Go to the [[Thousand Winds Temple]] to search for Viktor's lost box
# Use Elemental Sight to find [[Viktor's Lost Box]]
# Report back to Viktor

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Many meteorites have landed outside the city of [[Mondstadt]], wreaking havoc everywhere. Viktor appears to have lost something important, and is talking to himself, flummoxed...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Viktor:''' Oh, this is terrible. I'm finished for sure...
:{{DIcon}} Something wrong?
:'''Viktor:''' Gah! Staying here was just too boring, what with the weird looks the nuns give me and all, so I decided to get out, get some fresh air...
:'''Viktor:''' But just as I left the city, thinking to go to the Thousand Winds Temple for a stroll... all these meteorites started raining down from the sky.
:'''Viktor:''' There was no way I was staying out there, so I ran back into the city... And that's when I realized that I left a box behind...
:'''Viktor:''' Given all the chaos out there, I didn't dare to go out to look for it, either.
:'''Viktor:''' And, well... I'm Fatui. If I were to make any sudden moves, I'd be suspected of doing something untoward for sure...
:'''Viktor:''' Bah, enough nonsense. Could you help me look for that thing?
:'''Viktor:''' Our transactions have been quite amiable so far, and I plan to continue doing good business with you...
:{{DIcon}} Stop saying such suspicious stuff.
:'''Viktor:''' What? Come now, there was nothing suspicious about the stories I told you...
:'''Viktor:''' Well, how about it? Will you help me out, or won't you?
:{{DIcon}} I'll help you out.
::'''Viktor:''' That's great. Now, let me think... While I can't remember the details, I was wandering around the Thousand Winds Temple earlier...
::'''Viktor:''' But as I was running back, I encountered a large group of Electro Slimes. I got careless and took a few hits from them, and the box fell out...
::'''Viktor:''' Now, I did manage to grab it back, but... I wound up losing it again in my haste.
::'''Viktor:''' Still, since the box was touched by those Electro Slimes, it should have some elemental traces on it.
::'''Viktor:''' In any case, try following the trail of Electro traces and see what you can find.
::'''Viktor:''' Once you've found the box, bring it back to me.
::'''Viktor:''' Well... {{Color|buzzword|you can also come back and look for me if you really can't find it}}.
::'''Viktor:''' I'll give it a bit more thought. Maybe I'll remember something...
:{{DIcon}} Bit hard to search without leads, don't you think?
::'''Viktor:''' Um, alright, one moment. Let me try to remember...
::'''Viktor:''' No, nothing comes to mind: There's nothing special about the box, either...
::{{DIcon}} Then if I may ask you something...
::'''Viktor:''' Sure. What would you like to know?
::{{DIcon}} What were you doing out there?
:::'''Viktor:''' Oh, come on... What's with that look of suspicion?
:::'''Viktor:''' I just went out for a stroll, really! I legged it back here the moment those meteorites started falling.
:::'''Viktor:''' Well, whatever. Go out there and have a look. {{Color|buzzword|Come back and look for me if you really can't find it}}.
:::'''Viktor:''' I'll give it a bit more thought. Maybe I'll remember something...
::{{DIcon}} What's in the box?
:::'''Viktor:''' That's, uh, none of your business. Just a few odds and ends...
:::'''Viktor:''' Come on! Don't look at me like that. I'm not some kind of villain!
:::{{DIcon}} But you're with the Fatui.
:::'''Viktor:''' Fatui this, Fatui that... So all of us are the bad guys now? What sort of logic is that?
:::'''Viktor:''' Well, whatever. Go out there and have a look. {{Color|buzzword|Come back and look for me if you really can't find it}}.
:::'''Viktor:''' I'll give it a bit more thought. Maybe I'll remember something...
::{{DIcon}} What happened while you were running back here?
:::'''Viktor:''' While I was running back? Hmm, let's see... No, I can't recall any details.
:::'''Viktor:''' Ah, yes! I did encounter large group of Electro Slimes near the {{Color|buzzword|Thousand Winds Temple}} on the way back. They gave me a few hard knocks, causing the box to fall out!
:::'''Viktor:''' Now, I did manage to grab it back, but... I wound up losing it again in my haste.
:::'''Viktor:''' Still, since the box was touched by those Electro Slimes, it should have some {{Color|buzzword|elemental traces}} on it.
:::'''Viktor:''' In any case, try following the trail of Electro traces and see what you can find.
:::'''Viktor:''' Once you've found the box, bring it back to me.

;(Talk to Viktor again)
:'''Viktor:''' What? Did you need something else?
:{{DIcon}} It's a little hard to search without any clues, you know...
:;Same as "Bit hard to search without leads, don't you think?" above

;(Talk to Viktor one more time after exhausting all of his clues)
:'''Viktor:''' That's all I can remember. Find me that box, and quickly.
:'''Viktor:''' If you can't, well... then I'm done for...
----
;(Upon reaching Thousand Winds Temple)
:'''Paimon:''' The area around the Thousand Winds Temple... We should pretty close.
:'''Paimon:''' Use your Elemental Sight and have a look around!
----
;(After collecting the first clue)
:'''Paimon:''' These electro traces... Maybe they come from that box.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's keep looking.
----
;(After collecting the second clue)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Viktor's Lost Box}})
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? This box is...
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe it's the one Viktor lost. Let's bring it back and let him have a look at it.
----
;(Speaking to Viktor)
:'''Viktor:''' Have you found that box?
:{{DIcon}} Got it right here.
:'''Viktor:''' You... actually managed to find it! Phew... That's good... That's good.
:{{DIcon}} And as for our "deal"?
:'''Viktor:''' Uh, fine... Fine, I get it. Out with it, then. What do you want to know this time?
:{{DIcon}} So, what do you know about the meteorites?
::'''Viktor:''' The meteorites... Well, not that I don't want to tell you, but I have no clue either.
::'''Viktor:''' All I do is stand here in Mondstadt, unable to leave or move. What do I know?
::'''Viktor:''' But my gut feeling tells me that those meteorites don't bode well...
::'''Viktor:''' I'd stay out of this one if I were you. It can only mean trouble.
:{{DIcon}} What about the other Fatui in the city?
::'''Viktor:''' Oh, them? They're probably spinning their wheels here, just like me.
::'''Viktor:''' *sigh* I wonder when these days will finally end...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Mysterious Loss
|zhs     = 秘密失物
|zhs_rm  = Mìmì Shīwù
|zht     = 祕密失物
|zht_rm  = Mìmì Shīwù
|zh_tl   = Secret Property Lost
|ja      = 秘密の落とし物
|ja_rm   = Himitsu no Otoshimono
|ja_tl   = Mysterious Lost Property
|ko      = 베일에 싸인 분실물
|ko_rm   = Be'il-e Ssa'in Bunsinmul
|ko_tl   = Veiled Lost Property
|es      = Una pérdida misteriosa
|es_tl   = A Mysterious Loss
|fr      = Une perte mystérieuse
|fr_tl   = A Mysterious Loss
|ru      = Загадочная потеря
|ru_tl   = A Mysterious Loss
|th      = ของลึกลับที่หายไป
|th_rm   = Khong Luek-lap thi Hai Pai
|th_tl   = A Mysterious Loss Item
|vi      = Vật bí mật bị mất
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein mysteriöser Verlust
|de_tl   = A Mysterious Loss
|id      = Kehilangan yang Misterius
|id_tl   = A Mysterious Loss
|pt      = Uma Perda Misteriosa
|pt_tl   = A Mysterious Loss
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[ja:秘密の落とし物]]
[[ru:Загадочная потеря]]