{{Book Infobox
|id           = 121079;12180;121081
|image        = Item A Nameless Adventurer's Notes.png
|type         = Quest Items
|quality      = 4
|region_lore   = Natlan
|region_location = Natlan
|description  = Notes left by an adventurer of an unknown era. In them, they recorded their adventures in Ochkanatlan.
|source1      = ''[[Vaulting the Wall of Morning Mist]]''
}}
'''A Nameless Adventurer's Notes''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during the {{Quest|Vaulting the Wall of Morning Mist}}. It has two additional parts, which must be obtained separately.

These notes were written by [[Bona]] during her journey in [[Ochkanatlan]].

==Text==
===Page 1===
* Obtained at the start of ''Vaulting the Wall of Morning Mist''.
Month: Unknown. Day: Unknown. Weather: Foggy...<br><br><!--
-->...Finally here. Ochkanatlan. This ancient city, now occupied by a violent and evil dragon, and the final resting place of {{Obf|2}}...<br><br><!--
-->...If Aunt [[Liriwu]] knew, she'd be in quite the huff, that's for sure. But there's no other way. Even if they say I shouldn't take on the regrets of generations past, I still want to finish this...<br><br><!--
-->...Though the [[Abyss]] no longer poses as terrifying a threat as it did back when I was born, but whether for the sake of the "[[Golden Entreaty (Moment of Awakening)|Jade of Return]]" sought by countless adventurers, or to unravel the final riddle of {{Obf|2}}, I must go there...<br><br><!--
-->...It's fine, no need to be nervous. You've already had a lot of adventures, right? You're a seasoned adventurer, so it'll all be okay! Not to mention, it's been so long, maybe that nasty dragon has long since vanished...<br><br><!--
-->...Anyway, this is where it starts! My adventure...

===Page 2===
* Obtained after defeating the enemies in ''[[Palace of the Vision Serpent]]''.
Month: Unknown. Day: Unknown. Weather: Rainy...<br><br><!--
-->...Unbelievable, I ended up being attacked by the dragon after all. But maybe I should be thanking it... After all, I wouldn't have stumbled upon this place without it...<br><br><!--
-->...The [[Core of Chu'ulel]]. Seems like it was once the heart of the entire city. I heard a member of the tribe speaking about it before, how in ancient times the [[Och-Kan|Sacred Lord]] once transformed himself into the heart of the dragon city, but I never expected the meaning to be so literal...<br><br><!--
-->...Unlike those I've encountered elsewhere, the [[Secret Source Automaton]]s here seem to be able to understand speech. Did the Sacred Lord make them in order to protect himself? Anyway, at least I don't have to worry about monsters coming after me for now...<br><br><!--
-->...I can't believe it actually worked. I used the [[Pyrophosphorite]] on my body to awaken the dragonspirit slumbering within the heart of the machine... But is this little guy really a dragonspirit? It's so small, and absolutely adorable! And it's green like a chunk of turquoise, so I think I'll call it [[Cocouik]]...<br><br><!--
-->...It's the path to the [[Altar of Primal Flame]]. I saw the signs left by Aunt Liriwu, it really is the same path that {{Obf|2}} walked...<br><br><!--
-->...Still, there's only one chunk of Pyrophosphorite left. I must make sure I don't use it up before I get to the Tonatiuh...

===Page 3===
* Unlocked by interacting with the [[Tonatiuh#Goggles Left Behind by Someone|Goggles Left Behind by Someone]] on the [[Tonatiuh]] after completion of ''[[The Chosen One's Promise]]''.
Month: Unknown. Day: Unknown. Weather: Can't tell from where I am now...<br><br><!--
-->...It's completely different from what I imagined. I didn't expect the Tonatiuh to be such a desolate place. I can almost see what the Python King must've felt in those final moments...<br><br><!--
-->...Still, there's Pyrophosphorite everywhere. Does that mean this is the origin of all the Pyrophosphorite that adventurers get? But who could take it from here and give it to them...<br><br><!--
-->...So that's it. It's only thanks to Coco that I now understand the true nature of the "Jade of Return"...<br><br><!--
-->...The machine that could save Natlan, but not us... So many heroes have been sacrificed for this... So why draw us here...? I get it, you can't touch it, can you? That's why you need our hands, need Coco's...<br><br><!--
-->...But even if it's a fake Sacred Grail, it doesn't matter if it's {{Obf|2}}, or Aunt Liriwu, anyone who embarks on the journey is a true hero!...<br><br><!--
-->...This is the last fragment of Pyrophosphorite left in the land... Was it your plan for me to bring it here? I guess that's fine, though, since this way, nobody else'll be tricked by you...<br><br><!--
-->...I won't let you get it! Because we're going to stop your plan, right here!

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = A Nameless Adventurer's Notes
|zhs     = 无名冒险家的笔记
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 無名冒險家的筆記
|zht_rm  = 
|ja      = 無名冒険者のノート
|ja_rm   = Mumei Boukensha no Nooto
|ko      = 이름 없는 모험가의 일지
|es      = Registro de aventuras anónimo
|fr      = Notes d'un aventurier anonyme
|ru      = Записи безымянного искателя приключений
|th      = บันทึกของนักผจญภัยนิรนาม
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Ghi Chép Của Nhà Mạo Hiểm Vô Danh
|de      = Aufzeichnungen eines unbekannten Abenteurers
|id      = Tulisan Petualang Tanpa Nama
|pt      = Anotações de Um Aventureiro Sem Nome
|tr      = İsimsiz Maceracının Notları
|it      = Appunti di un avventuriere senza nome
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Book Navbox|Natlan}}

[[ru:Записи безымянного искателя приключений]]