{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20040
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission A New Storm is Brewing.png
|summary       = Vind asks the Traveler to clear the area around the watchtower at Stormbearer Point so she can check for any incoming storms.
|startLocation = [[Stormbearer Coast]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Stormbearer Point
|characters    = Traveler; Vind
|npc           = Vind
|other         = 
* AR-Dependent Rewards
* Additional Rewards:
{{Card|Windwheel Aster|4}}
}}
'''''A New Storm Is Brewing''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Stormbearer Coast]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Vind]]
#Clear out the monsters on the smoke tower
#Talk to Vind
#Climb the watchtower
#Talk to Vind

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* There is a bug where this quest can be left in a soft-locked state if the player leaves the area after killing the monsters. To resolve this, quit back into the title screen and load into the game again.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Sister Vind wishes to get to the top of the watchtower but something has gotten in her way. She's trying to think of a way through...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Vind)
:'''Vind:''' *sigh* How am I going to get past...
:'''Vind:''' Oh, hello... Is something wrong?
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Vind:''' I'm trying to get to the watchtower at Stormbearer Point &mdash; I want to see if there is a storm brewing out at sea or not.
:'''Vind:''' But there's a group of monsters blocking the way up ahead. I don't know how to get past.
:'''Vind:''' Don't worry, I'm not about to ask you to go to the watchtower for me!
:'''Vind:''' It is my duty, and I must see it fulfilled no matter what it takes.
:'''Vind:''' You probably have things to do. Go on, don't worry about me, I'll figure it out.
;''(Vind starts walking towards the tower)''
:'''Paimon:''' She talks like she's got this one covered, but boy there are a lot of monsters...
:'''Paimon:''' Come on, let's clear out the area for Ms. Vind shall we?
:'''Paimon:''' Look at her... She's seriously thinking of just making an almighty run for it...
:{{DIcon}} Okay, let's do this.
::'''Paimon:''' People of such good character deserve a bit of help, if you ask Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} I've never seen such dedication in all my life...
::'''Paimon:''' That would be the worst thing that could happen.
::'''Paimon:''' Let's not let it happen that way. Come on, get rid of these monsters.

;(Talk to Vind again)
:'''Vind:''' Hmm... maybe if I run fast enough I can get all the way to the top without getting hurt...
----
;(After clearing the tower)
:'''Vind:''' Is something the matter?
:{{DIcon}} The monsters are gone now.
:'''Vind:''' Really! Thanks be to the Anemo Archon...
:'''Vind:''' I mean&mdash; Sorry, I take that back. You are the one I should be thanking!
:'''Vind:''' How can I repay you? Oh! I've got it...
:'''Vind:''' Come and find me at the top of the watchtower. I'll wait for you.

;(After climbing the watchtower)
:'''Vind:''' Mmm... Calm seas and no wind again today.
:'''Vind:''' Generations of my family have kept watch here on behalf of Mondstadt, looking for any signs of an oncoming storm. It was [[Vennessa|Lady Vennessa]] who first entrusted us with this task.
:'''Vind:''' Since [[Barbatos|Lord Barbatos]] began protecting Mondstadt, we have not seen a single storm, and the watchtowers have slowly fallen into disrepair.
:'''Vind:''' Even so, I still cannot bring myself to stop coming here to this watchtower.
:{{DIcon}} You're really dedicated.
::'''Vind:''' Thank you. But, on the subject of my duty...
::'''Vind:''' ...I would prefer never to have to fulfill it.
:{{DIcon}} Quite the sob story...
::'''Vind:''' Yes. I hope that part of history is one that never repeats itself.
:'''Vind:''' Anyway. Thank you for your help. These [[Windwheel Aster]]s are for you.
:'''Vind:''' In the past, my family would look at how well the Windwheel Aster grows in an area to determine how strong the wind was there.
:'''Vind:''' The Windwheel Aster can grow neither in places with no wind, nor anywhere that is plagued by strong storms.
:'''Vind:''' It can only flourish in places like Mondstadt, where the wind is gentle and nourishing.
:'''Vind:''' Let's hope they continue to prosper here forever.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A New Storm Is Brewing
|zhs     = 新的风暴尚未出现
|zhs_rm  = Xīn de Fēngbào Shàngwèi Chūxiàn
|zht     = 新的風暴尚未出現
|zht_rm  = Xīn de Fēngbào Shàngwèi Chūxiàn
|zh_tl   = A New Storm has Yet to Emerge
|ja      = まだ見ぬ新たな嵐
|ja_rm   = Mada Minu Arata-na Kaze
|ja_tl   = Still Unseen New Winds
|ko      = 아직 나타나지 않은 새로운 폭풍
|ko_tl   = A New Storm Yet to Emerge
|es      = Una nueva tormenta se avecina
|es_tl   = A New Storm is Brewing
|fr      = Tempête à l'horizon
|fr_tl   = Storm on the Horizon
|ru      = Грядёт буря
|ru_tl   = Storm Comes Through
|th      = พายุลูกใหม่
|th_rm   = Pha-yu Luk Mai
|th_tl   = New Storm
|vi      = Trận Bão Mới Chưa Xuất Hiện
|vi_tl   = A New Storm has yet to Appear
|de      = Ein neuer Sturm zieht auf
|de_tl   = A New Storm is Brewing
|id      = Badai yang Belum Terlihat
|id_tl   = A Storm that has yet to Appear
|pt      = Uma nova tempestade está se formando
|pt_tl   = A New Storm is Brewing
|tr      = Yeni Bir Fırtına Geliyor
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Una nuova tempesta in arrivo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:Una nueva tormenta se avecina]]
[[fr:Tempête à l'horizon]]
[[ru:Грядёт буря]]