{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74510
|image         = Event Quest A Clash Between the First and the Latest! & A Not-So-Distant Farewell.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta
|requirement   = Complete the stage [[Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta#Speedy Black Shadow! Sleeping Ninjutsu!|Speedy Black Shadow! Sleeping Ninjutsu!]].
|characters    = Haniyyah; Paimon; Souka; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Quartier Lyonnais]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Quartier Lyonnais
|prev          = A Clash Between the First and the Latest!
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''A Not-So-Distant Farewell''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the two people at the stall

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta"'s debut ends here. Haniyyah and Souka will keep improving the game, and make preparations for an official tournament in the future. That said, they won't be going off to some distant place this time...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Hanniyah)
:'''Paimon:''' We won! Our Fungi companions did it!
:'''Haniyyah:''' Hats off to you, you two!
:'''Haniyyah:''' Your taming talents are beyond common sense, and the Fungi remain undefeated under your command even when facing enemies that themselves defy reason!
:{{DIcon}} Wow, praise from Haniyyah!
:{{DIcon}} You were quite formidable, too!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers seeing the Great Snowboar King and Maguu Kenki before, but this time, you even brought out a "Blade Pup."
:'''Paimon:''' You really went all out when you set that lineup, huh?
:'''Souka:''' Well, these enemies are all legends in adventurers' stories from all over the world! Our players will definitely resonate with them.
:'''Souka:''' As a writer, I'm a huge fan of characters from different works battling one another. I get excited just thinking about it!
:'''Souka:''' Anyway, dear Twin Stars of Brilliant Valor, you've played every stage of our game. What do you think?
:{{DIcon}} There aren't enough stages.
::'''Haniyyah:''' This fits with our second prediction. I suppose we'll have to make more stages based on the highest specs for the next preview event.
:{{DIcon}} The number of stages is just right.
::'''Haniyyah:''' Thank you! But it might also be that you were busy and didn't have much time for this. We'll prepare more backup stages, just in case.
:{{DIcon}} I'm fine with whatever you come up with, as long as our Fungi companions get more screentime!
::'''Haniyyah:''' Ha, you haven't changed. As Souka said, you're our boss now. If there's anything you want to see in the game, just let us know.
:'''Haniyyah:''' Anyway, Souka will do more research and design more formidable and interesting enemies, so that the game will grow on the Fontainians.
:'''Haniyyah:''' That way, Fonta, our generous sponsor, will feel confident in continuing to fund us.
:'''Haniyyah:''' Once we have enough money, we can host a tournament just like the Nilotpala Cup...
:'''Haniyyah:''' No, something bigger! And we'll improve the system such that it'll be as exciting and interesting as can be!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon's getting excited just thinking about it!
:{{DIcon}} Let me know if you need help!
:{{DIcon}} We know a little about management, too!
:'''Haniyyah:''' This is a long-term plan, so we're not too concerned about our short-term progress.
:'''Haniyyah:''' With guidance from Souka and Balfour, I can safely say that I'm in the business, too. So don't worry, we shan't trouble you with details!
:'''Haniyyah:''' Even when the preview event and the business negotiations are over, Souka and I will stay in Fontaine for a while, traveling with the Fungi.
:'''Haniyyah:''' We'd like to send you letters periodically to keep you updated on the project, and to let you know how the Fungi are doing.
:'''Haniyyah:''' But that'll require a contact address, or we won't be able to reach you, just like last time...
:'''Paimon:''' A contact address?
:{{DIcon}} Well, somewhere we go every few days.
:{{DIcon}} I guess... the Adventurers' Guild?
:'''Souka:''' Perfect! Then on behalf of Haniyyah and the Fungi, I shall write you two regularly!
:'''Paimon:''' It's a deal, then!
:'''Haniyyah:''' Our game's still pretty hot right now, so the event will last a while.
:'''Haniyyah:''' If you're not too busy, don't forget to come by!
:{{DIcon}} Sure thing!
:{{DIcon}} We have plenty of time!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon's feeling a lot better, now that Haniyyah, Souka, and the Fungi companions won't be far away anymore, and we won't be apart for too long.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's really looking forward to the next Beast Tamers Tournament now. How're things gonna go this time?
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Not-So-Distant Farewell
|zhs     = 不遥远的分别
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 不遙遠的分別
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 遠くない別れ
|ja_rm   = Tookunai Wakare
|ja_tl   = A Not-So-Distant Farewell
|ko      = 멀지 않은 이별
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = A Not-So-Distant Farewell
|es      = Despedida breve
|es_tl   = Brief Farewell
|fr      = Une séparation pas si éloignée que ça
|fr_tl   = A Not-So-Distant Parting
|ru      = Скорое прощание
|ru_tl   = Upcoming Farewell
|th      = การจากลาที่ไม่ยาวไกล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lời Tạm Biệt Không Xa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wir sehen uns später!
|de_tl   = I'll See You Later!
|de_note = lit. "We see each other later!"
|id      = Perpisahan yang Tidak Jauh
|id_tl   = A Not-So-Distant Farewell
|pt      = Uma Despedida Não Tão Distante
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kısa Süreli Veda
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un addio a poca distanza
|it_tl   = A Farewell at a Short Distance
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

[[pt-br:Uma Despedida Não Tão Distante]]
[[ru:Скорое прощание]]