{{Meta
|missing_summary = yes
}}
{{Event Tabs
|subpage1=Gathering of Stars
|subpage2=Project Connectivity
|subpage3=Antiquity Hunt
|subpage4=In Truth's Steps
|subpage5=Concocted Reaction
|subpage6=Mimetic Replication
}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|image           = A Parade of Providence Chapter.png
|type            = Story
|event_name      = A Parade of Providence
}}
'''A Parade of Providence''' is an Event Chapter.

Requirements: {{Quest|30;A New Star Approaches|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}

Recommended Quests: {{Quest|Inversion of Genesis;The Illusions of the Mob|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}

==Interdarshan Championship==
===List of Acts===
* Act I - [[Comings and Goings]]
* Act II - [[Beginnings and Endings]]
* Act III - [[Gatherings and Partings]]

===Summary===
====Act I - Comings and Goings====
{{Transclude|Comings and Goings|Summary|main=1|top=1}}

====Act II - Beginnings and Endings====
{{Transclude|Beginnings and Endings|Summary|main=1|top=1}}

====Act III - Gatherings and Partings====
{{Transclude|Gatherings and Partings|Summary|main=1|top=1}}

====When the Curtains Close====
{{Main|When the Curtains Close}}
''(To be added.)''

=="That Incident From Twenty Years Ago"==
==="That Incident From Twenty Years Ago"===
{{Main|"That Incident From Twenty Years Ago"}}
Dori asks the Traveler and Paimon if they have decided to buy exclusive information about the Akademiya Extravaganza from her. Paimon is hesitant after hearing that the price is a million Mora. Dori then states that Paimon is the customer number 1,001 today and that she can get the information for free. The Traveler and Paimon decided to take that offer, despite being suspicious that this could be Dori's trick. Dori then proceed to ask them about the Diadem of Knowledge. She explains that the diadem was a rather expensive antique and the Akademiya lost the diadem once after it was donated by Sachin. Paimon is surprised because she never hear about it before. Dori claims to have a witness called Kashmer who lives in the suburbs. Dori suggest them to seek him if they are interested to learn more about the incident, and told them to say the password "that incident from twenty years ago."

The Traveler and Paimon arrives and mentioned the password to Kashmer. He then begins to tell his story. Twenty years ago, Kashmer was just six years old. The Interdarshan Championship was held that year and there were three rounds, the last of which was outside the city. He begged his mom to take him to it, but his mom refused. So Kashmer decided to sneak out on his own, but ended up getting lost outside of the city. While he was frightened and cried, he saw some [[Aranara|strange creatures]] and he stopped crying at the sight of them. The strange creature took him to the competition but by the time they arrived, the competition is already over. Suddenly, one of the strange creature is seen dragging along a beautiful and shiny crown. Kashmer saw them hiding the crown in a hollow tree before they disappear. He tried to touch the crown, but he heard the distant cries of her mother. Turns out her mother and his neighbours has been looking for him. He never got to touch the crown and he was surprised that when he was older, he saw the "Diadem of Knowledge" at the Interdarshan Championship. Paimon asks him if he remembers where the diadem ended up. He guesses Avidya Forest, though he have been back few times and never found anything. The Traveler and Paimon decides to look for it themselves.

The Traveler and Paimon arrives in the hollow tree, and they find it completely empty. Paimon then finds a note that says "The good Nara taught Arakasyapa how to read. Arakasyapa must protect the good Nara...".

===Sachin's Article===
{{Main|Sachin's Article}}
The Traveler and Paimon returns to Dori. Dori is offering them the latest update on the Akademiya Extravaganza, which is free for them. Dori then tells them that while she was doing business with him at the desert, she met an old businessman and he gave her a dealer's ledger. The ledger also mentions Sachin in it, turns out Sachin had been to the desert to investigate custom and conditions of the locals and he also had exchanges with the traveling merchants in the desert. The Traveler and Paimon have a look of the old papers and Paimon is confused, but Dori tells them that they would have to pay a million Mora to have it analyzed. Paimon refuses to pay and Dori gave them a hint instead, that there should be someone in the desert venue that has been to a lot of Akademiya Extravaganzas and suggests them to find that person.

The Traveler and Paimon talks to Vasudeva first, he was seen reminiscing about the past and they couldn't get anything from him. Then they talks to Huvishka. He tells them the Interdarshan Championship twenty years ago is still the best one for him. He went to the championship to support his friend that was participating in the game. The last round of that year was held in the Avidya Forest. But at the end, no one dared to approach the forest and the Akademiya decided to shut down the competition. They also banned many of the events where participants could possibly desperate enough that they would fight to the death. The Traveler asks him about his friend, he tells them that he was an honest and kind person, but he's also vulnerable and sensitive. Paimon then decides to seek Wiqas out to ask him some questions.

After meeting Wiqas, the Traveler and Paimon asks him about the incident twenty years ago. Wiqas claims that he was five years old during that time. But he never told anyone that he was a part of the Akademiya Extravaganza's planning committee because of the influence of his senior colleague. He describes that his colleague is a timid person. Four years ago, Wiqas told his colleague that he's returning to the Akademiya for the Akademiya Extravaganza. Right after he mentions "Akademiya Extravaganza", his colleague got startled and said "it has nothing to do with me.", he also started talking all sorts of nonsense that Wiqas didn't heard clearly because he was drunk. But Wiqas heard him said that he lost the Diadem of Knowledge for a while and nearly had a heart attack, but eventually he found the diadem in a tree hole. Many people have come to inquire his colleague about the lost diadem but he covered it up and said that it never went missing, he got overwhelmed that he quit his job and left the Akademiya. Wiqas was too drunk that night and when he woke up the next day, his colleague was already gone. Wiqas then joined the Akademiya Extravaganza Planning Committee to investigate things on the inside, but couldn't find anything either. Wiqas never heard from his colleague again after that night. Wiqas encourages them to keep looking and gives them some information of Sachin. He met an Eremite commander that possess an article signed by Sachin, and finds out that Sachin is an important member of the Vahumana darshan. He suggests them to seek out the Eremite commander in the Valley of Dahri to find out more.

The Traveler and Paimon meets Suhayb, the Eremite commander. Paimon asks him about Sachin's article and he said that the article is nothing more than a personal travel journal with little value. Sachin hired Suhayb's father as a bodyguard. At one time, his papers were blown by the wind but Sachin was unconcerned about it. Suhayb's father however believes that anything written by an intellectual must be valuable so he went to look for the paper at night. His family are illiterate, so he passed it down to Suhayb only to discover that paper is completely worthless. Suhayb then let them have a look. Paimon can't understand the writings, but deduces that he went through a hard time. Even though it's worthless in value, Suhayb decides to keep the paper because his father gave it to him.

===The Contestant===
{{Main|The Contestant}}
The Traveler and Paimon meets Dori again. Dori offers the latest report of the championship for half a million Mora but ended up offering it for free as before. Dori tells them that twenty years ago, there was a contestant whose personality suddenly changed after taking part in the competition and someone saw him in Aaru Village. The Traveler and Paimon then head out to Aaru Village to ask around.

They talk to Rishti about it. She tells them that a young man once appeared here. Back then, live in Aaru Village was really heard but this young man from Akademiya is willing to help them out. He taught the villagers how to deal with Wenut and monsters, then he bought them medicines from his own pocket and tend to the ill all by himself. But he sadly died when he was still really young. Rishti describes that he always looks frowned and a bit crazy. Sometimes he would tell a story to the children that he taught a [[Aranara|strange creature]] how to write. He would often explore the desert and he was looking for the Nagarjunites. Later on, he died on a quicksand while helping a caravan that was trapped in a quicksand. He saved many people but didn't get to save himself. An unfinished letter for his child was found in his home and Rishti's son always thinking of delivering it to the man's child someday. Paimon asks her if the unfinished letter is still here, but her son took the letter with him when he became a mercenary. He was killed few years ago in a scuffle and all of his belongings were taken away. Rishti wonders how the man's child turned out and if they hold a grudge against him.

==Gala Booths==
===Gathering of Stars===
{{Main|Gathering of Stars}}
The Traveler approaches the Rtawahist booth, tended by Farbal. The Traveler asks him if there's something to play here. Farbal gives a brief explanation about the Rtawahist darshan and he was worried about giving further explanation because their research wouldn't make much sense for most people. He originally wanted to set up an astrology booth but he was concerned that setting up an astrology booth would just end up making the involved students get into academic discussions and not manning the stall. So they decided to set up a simple puzzle game that is not complicated and will not involve any academic disputes. Farbal then asks the Traveler to give it a try.

===Project Connectivity===
{{Main|Project Connectivity}}
The Traveler approaches the Ksahrehwar booth, tended by Daya. Daya introduced the Traveler to a new game that Kshahrewar just created, "Project Connectivity". Daya gives an explanation on how to play the game, which is to construct pathways to reach the destination and afterwards they will test it. The Traveler is worried that it may be too complicated but Daya ensure them that they will not have to build anything in real life and there are not limit for the number of tries. She then tells the Traveler to let their imagination run free.

===Antiquity Hunt===
{{Main|Antiquity Hunt}}
The Traveler approaches the Vahumana booth, tended by Daneh. Daneh is excited to meet the Traveler and he tells them that Vahumana is running an archaeology-themed game. He explains that they have placed a lot of replica relics and buried them all around Sumeru City, participants will be given their specially-made detectors to find it. The Traveler decides to give it a try.

===In Truth's Steps===
{{Main|In Truth's Steps}}
The Traveler approaches the Haravatat booth, tended by Bahar. Bahar invites the Traveler to try a new game from Haravatat darshan called "In Truth's Steps.". Bahar explains that she will tell them a story, and the Traveler can ask her some questions so that they can find the "truth" of her story.

===Concocted Reaction===
{{Main|Concocted Reaction}}
The Traveler approaches the Spantamad booth, tended by Bahador. Bahador seemingly frustrated about something. When the Traveler asks him about the event that Spantamad is running, he explains that it will be a domain exploration. He tells the Traveler that he was conflicted about what event should he run for the event and he decided to ask for the Adventurers' Guild help, with their air they finally found a domain. Spantamad also developed specialized potions to be used inside the domain. He gives the potion to the Traveler and tells them to stay safe while exploring the domain.

===Mimetic Replication===
{{Main|Mimetic Replication}}
The Traveler approaches the Amurta booth, tended by Paz. Paz invites the Traveler to try a new game from Amurta darshan called "Mimetic Replication." Paz will introduce the behavioral patterns of certain animals and the Traveler have to use the models to imitate the actions of the corresponding animals. The Traveler is interested about this game, Paz tells them to enjoy the habitual behaviors of animals in a relaxed manner.

==Character Appearances==
===Playable Characters===
The following [[playable characters]] appear in this event in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or in the open world. The prerequisite(s) shown in the prerequisite column need to be completed for characters to appear in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Character !! Act I !! Act II !! Act III !! Quests !! Open World !! Open World Prerequisite
|-
|[[Alhaitham]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|When the Curtains Close}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Candace]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Collei]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Cyno]] || {{Check|yes}}|| {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Dehya]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Dori]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes|"That Incident From Twenty Years Ago"}} || {{Check|yes}} || [[Opening Festivities]] (leaves after both Act III and her 3 quests are finished)
|-
|[[Faruzan]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Kaveh]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|When the Curtains Close}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Layla]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Nahida]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Nilou]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Tighnari]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Wanderer]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|}

===Other Notable Characters===
The following notable non-playable characters appear in this event in Event Story Quests or Event World Quests.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Character !! Act I !! Act II !! Act III
|-
|[[Sachin]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}}
|-
|[[Mehrak]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}}
|}

===Event Exclusive Non-Playable Characters===
The following non-playable characters only appear during this event in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or in the open world.

{| class="article-table sortable align-center"
!NPC !! Open World !! Quests !! Thoughts !! class="unsortable"|Notes
|-
|[[Bahador]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || NPC for [[Concocted Reaction]]
|-
|[[Bahar]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || NPC for [[In Truth's Steps]]
|-
|[[Daneh]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || NPC for [[Antiquity Hunt]] and [[Antiquity Hunt: Conclusion]]
|-
|[[Daya]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || NPC for [[Project Connectivity]]
|-
|[[Farbal]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || NPC for [[Gathering of Stars]]
|-
|[[Paz]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || NPC for [[Mimetic Replication]]
|-
|[[Aissa]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Opening Festivities]] and [[The Arc of Intellect]]
|-
|[[Alae]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Opening Festivities]] and [[The Arc of Intellect]]
|-
|[[Amur]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Opening Festivities]]
|-
|[[Aymar]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Opening Festivities]]
|-
|[[Bahir]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Opening Festivities]] and [[The Arc of Intellect]]
|-
|[[Ganjul]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Opening Festivities]]
|-
|[[Habib]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Opening Festivities]]
|-
|[[Haryadi]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Opening Festivities]]
|-
|[[Huwa]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Opening Festivities]]
|-
|[[Kareena]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Opening Festivities]], [[To Claim the Crown]] and [[The Arc of Intellect]]
|-
|[[Mahar]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Opening Festivities]]
|-
|[[Morgiana]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Opening Festivities]]
|-
|[[Wiqas]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Opening Festivities]] and [[Sachin's Article]]
|-
|[[Aarav]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Suspicions Aroused]] and [[To Claim the Crown]]
|-
|[[Jiwani]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[To Claim the Crown]]
|-
|[[Levi]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[To Claim the Crown]]
|-
|[[Mazaar]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[To Claim the Crown]]
|-
|[[Fawara]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[The Arc of Intellect]]
|-
|[[Marwa]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[The Arc of Intellect]]
|-
|[[Qamar]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[The Arc of Intellect]]
|-
|[[Sidra]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[The Arc of Intellect]]
|-
|[[Kashmer]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [["That Incident From Twenty Years Ago"]]
|-
|[[Huvishka]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Sachin's Article]]
|-
|[[Suhayb]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Sachin's Article]]
|-
|[[Vasudeva]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[Sachin's Article]]
|-
|[[Rishti]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Quest NPC in [[The Contestant]]
|}

===Regular Non-Playable Characters===
The following regular (not event-exclusive) non-playable characters appear in this event in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or have unique idle quotes, dialogue or thoughts (readable using [[Nahida]]'s Elemental Skill) in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Quests !! Idle Quotes !! Dialogue !! Thoughts
|-
|[[Arina]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Arina|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|yes}}
|-
|[[Armin]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Armin|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|yes}}
|-
|[[Ashk]] ||  {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Ashk|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|yes}}
|-
|[[Erfan]] ||  {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Erfan|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|yes}}
|-
|[[Farghani]] ||  {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Farghani|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Farhad]] ||  {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Farhad|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Feresht]] ||  {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Feresht|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Homayun]] ||  {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Homayun|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Hunayn]] ||  {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Hunayn|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Khaldun]] ||  {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Khaldun|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Makhfi]] ||  {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Makhfi|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Nizam]] ||  {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Nizam|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Rukh Shah]] ||  {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Rukh Shah|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Shatir]] ||  {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Shatir|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Shohre]] ||  {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Shorhre|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Yavanani]] ||  {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes|Yavanani|A Parade of Providence}} || {{Check|no}}
|}

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|A Parade of Providence|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|A Parade of Providence}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|A Parade of Providence Soundtracks|type=quest}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[ja:盛典と慧業/ストーリー]]
[[pt-br:Sabedoria e Sagacidade/História]]
[[ru:Торжество разума/История]]