{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11032
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Sinae Unicornis Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = Sea of Clouds, Sea of People
|character     = Ganyu
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = A Secretary in a Sea of Humanity
|exp           = 425
|mora          = 26,025
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Guide to Diligence|5}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|characters    = Baishi; Baiwen; Baixiao; Ganyu; Huixin; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''A Pact That Crosses Time''' is the third and final part of [[Ganyu]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Sinae Unicornis Chapter]]: Act I - [[Sea of Clouds, Sea of People]].

==Steps==
#Go to [[Xinyue Kiosk]] for the meal appointment
#Talk to the [[Jade Chamber]] secretaries

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Accepting the commission of the Tianshu, Uncle Tian, Ganyu very naturally slips into her work mode, coming to the aid of her junior colleague Huixin with ease in the latter's time of need. To express her thanks, Huixin invites you all to Xinyue Kiosk to have a meal...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Huixin)
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 01.ogg}} '''[[Huixin]]:''' Ms. Ganyu, thank you for accepting my invitation. And as for the two of you, your presence is also much appreciated.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure!
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' That's so kind of you, Huixin. You went to great lengths to organize this.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 02.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Ha, truth be told... Apart from thanking you for all the help, there's something I'd like to tell you...
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Oh? If there's anything I can help you with, just tell me straight away. No need to hesitate.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 03.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Ah... No, no, I don't really need help. Uh... Could you just listen for a bit?
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' With pleasure.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 04.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Ha... When I was a little girl, my [[Uncle Tian|father]] used to tell me many stories about you, Ms. Ganyu.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 05.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Even though I have the utmost respect for my father... I always admired how gentle and reliable you are.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 06.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' I only decided to join the [[Yuehai Pavilion]] staff because I've always looked up to you.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I didn't know that you think so highly of me.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 07.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' However, in reality, working at the Yuehai Pavilion turned out to be an arduous task.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 08.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' I can't compare myself to such an outstanding secretary like you. I often doubt myself as a result...
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 05.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I disagree. You're a great secretary in your own right.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 09.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Aha, thank you.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 10.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Over the years, I became a mother, too...
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh! So Uncle Tian is a grandpa!
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 11.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Influenced by my youthful ideals, she followed my footsteps and came to be a secretary at the Yuehai Pavilion, too.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 12.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' At first, I was worried about her. It's not an easy job, after all. To tell the truth, I'm still unsure if she's capable enough.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 13.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' But after all that happened this time, I've... made up my mind to support her choice.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 06.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' So, what made you change your mind?
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 14.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' The fact that she'll have you, Ms. Ganyu, as her senior colleague.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 15.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' You'll help her, gentle as always, and tell her, "Your mom used to do it like that." Heh.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 16.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' It'd be such a beautiful moment.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 17.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' If it's not too much to ask for, she might still need your guidance in twenty plus years, too.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 07.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Huixin...
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 08.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I... I never thought that I meant so much to you.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 18.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Heh, just like when you showed me my father's trick. Having you as their "witness" makes people feel at ease.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 09.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' "Witness"...
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 10.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' ...It's true that I've witnessed thousands of years of Liyue Harbor's history. All the changes it's gone through, the stories of its people...
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 11.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' But I've always regarded it as nothing more than the source of my loneliness.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 12.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Huixin, you don't know how important those words are to me...
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 13.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' You've made me realize that I share another connection with the people of Liyue Harbor, apart from my contract with Rex Lapis.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 14.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' They rely on me, accept me, and long for me to bear witness to their stories.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 19.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Of course! You're irreplaceable to us!
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 15.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Ehehe... That's right. That's why I can't disappoint you.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hooray! Ganyu's finally cheered up!
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 16.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Even if I've really been supplanted, I wish to fight for my place...
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 17.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I won't let you down. I'm going to fulfill my contract and keep working as the Qixing's secretary.
:{{DIcon}} Uh... I told you, you haven't been...
:{{DIcon}} You haven't been fired. It's a misunderstanding.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 18.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Regardless, I'll go back and see for myself.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 19.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I'm afraid that it might've all become a mess during my absence.
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 ganyu 20.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' No time to waste &mdash; let's get back to work!
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 huixin 20.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Good luck, Ms. Ganyu!
:{{A|vo gylq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huuuuh!? We leaving already? Paimon's still hungry!

----
;(Approach the secretaries)
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 baishi 01.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Ahhhh...
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 baiwen 01.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' Baishi, are you okay? Did you fall asleep standing up?
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 baixiao 01.ogg}} '''Baixiao:''' Look... Look who's back!
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' You even have enough time for leisure? It seems you three are a suitable replacement for me after all.
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 baiwen 02.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' Not at all! We just... We've been working for too long. If we didn't take a break...
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 baixiao 02.ogg}} '''Baixiao:''' We wouldn't have survived long enough to see you again, Ms. Ganyu.
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 baishi 02.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Ms. Ganyu, we've missed you...
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Ehehe. That's so kind of you all, given we've only met once.
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 baiwen 03.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' We've been praying day and night for you to return and take over your duties again.
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 baishi 03.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' To us, you're like an adeptus coming down to the human world to save all life.
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 baixiao 03.ogg}} '''Baixiao:''' Forget all our envious complaints from before &mdash; just free us from this strenuous work, please...
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 ganyu 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Alright, alright, I see.
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 ganyu 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Please divide the matters at hand into government affairs, business affairs, and civil affairs. Mark out the tasks that haven't been started and those that are in progress...
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 ganyu 05.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I'll take care of the rest.
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 baiwen 04.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' Of course! We'll do it right away!
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 baishi 04.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Finally... We're saved...
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 ganyu 06.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Ah, yes, there's one more thing.
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 ganyu 07.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I'd like to earnestly thank you, Traveler. If it weren't for your companionship, I would still be embroiled in my inner conflict right now.
:{{DIcon}} It was a fun adventure for me, too.
:{{DIcon}} It's good that you've pulled yourself together.
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 ganyu 08.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Hehe, to think that I'd gain a human friend outside of work. It makes me happier than I could've imagined.
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 ganyu 09.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I'd like to repay you when I'm done with the work at hand. What would you say if I... accompanied you on one of your trips?
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure, but... are you ever done with work, Ganyu?
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 ganyu 10.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Hm...
:{{A|vo gylq003 3 ganyu 11.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Uh, let's cross that bridge when we come to it, shall we...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Pact That Crosses Time
|zhs     = 跨越时间的托付
|zhs_rm  = Kuàyuè Shíjiān de Tuōfù
|zht     = 跨越時間的託付
|zht_rm  = Kuàyuè Shíjiān de Tuōfù
|zh_tl   = Commitment Over Time
|ja      = 時を超えた委託
|ja_rm   = Toki wo Koeta Itaku
|ja_tl   = Trust Which Crossed Time
|ko      = 시간을 초월한 부탁
|ko_rm   = Sigan-eul Chowolhan Butak
|ko_tl   = Request Over the Time
|es      = Un pacto más allá de los límites del tiempo
|es_tl   = A Pact Beyond The Limits of Time
|fr      = Une mission intemporelle
|fr_tl   = A Timeless Mission
|ru      = Договор, неподвластный времени
|ru_tl   = A Timeless Pact
|th      = สัญญาข้ามกาลเวลา
|th_rm   = San-ya Kham Kan We-la
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ủy Thác Vượt Thời Gian
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Pakt durch die Zeit
|de_tl   = A Pact through the Time
|id      = Kepercayaan Melintas Waktu
|id_tl   = A Trust Over Time
|pt      = Um Pacto que Cruza o Tempo
|pt_tl   = A Pact That Crosses Time
|tr      = Zamanı Aşan Bir Anlaşma
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un patto che trascende il tempo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

[[es:Un pacto más allá de los límites del tiempo]]