{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02000
|image         = Archon Quest A Path Through the Storm.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = Prologue
|act           = Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves
|part          = 1
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 30
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = A Soul Set Apart
|next          = The Crux Clash (Quest)
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*700;Mora*34,075;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|characters    = Atsuko; Beidou; Chai Yi; Jinyou; Kaedehara Kazuha; Liang; Paimon; Traveler; Uncle Yun; Zhuhan
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|2|0|1}}

==Steps==
# Take in the view outside of [[Liyue Harbor]] to collect your thoughts
# Talk to [[Paimon]]
# Ask [[Atsuko]] about how to travel to [[Inazuma]]
# Go to the [[Alcor]] and meet with [[Beidou]]
# Go to the tournament arena
# Size up the other competitors (0/3)
# Talk to [[Zhuhan]], who is in charge of registration for [[The Crux Clash]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Step 4 will grant the {{Achievement|The Gathering Storm}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You share your feelings with Paimon before embarking on the next phase of your journey.<br><br>After collecting your thoughts, you prepare for your journey to Inazuma. The way to the islands is blocked by a veil of thunderstorms, so you need to come up with a means of traveling there.<br><br>You meet with Beidou and she agrees to grant you passage to Inazuma as a reward for winning The Crux Clash. Time to check out the competition.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Teleport Waypoint north of Liyue Harbor)
:{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you okay? Paimon never imagined your {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}} would have sided with [[the Abyss]]...
:{{DIcon}} I'm feeling a bit better.
:{{DIcon}} I still can't accept it...
:{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, keep your chin up, {{Traveler}}!
:{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon believes in both of you.
:{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And when the going gets tough, the tough get going! Right?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah. You're right.
:{{DIcon}} There must be more to this than meets the eye.
:{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{MC|She|He|mc=1}} said we needed to "reach the end of our journey..." Paimon bets {{MC|she|he|mc=1}} still has lots more to tell us!
:{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And we won't find out what this "journey" is or where it will end unless we keep going!
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, Paimon.
::{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 07a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't mention it, partner! Travel buddies are supposed to look out for one another.
:{{DIcon}} I'm glad to have you as a guide, Paimon.
::{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 07b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee, then Paimon will be sure to keep up the good work!
:{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Although... where should we go next? If we want to continue with the journey... hmm...
:{{DIcon}} I still need to find [[Unknown God|that god]]...
:{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 09a.ogg}} {{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 09b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! You mean the god that took your {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}} away in the first place...
:{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...You're right. After all, everything that followed... all this confusion... it all started with her.
:{{DIcon}} I need answers from her.
::{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 11a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon bets she's the key to understanding this whole mystery.
:{{DIcon}} I need to teach her a lesson she won't forget.
::{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 11b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon supports that idea! Just the thought of it is so satisfying!
:{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we've ruled out two gods so far &mdash; the Anemo and Geo Archons. So, next...
:{{DIcon}} Let's go to Inazuma.
:{{DIcon}} Let's find the [[Ei|Electro Archon]].
:{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Paimon doesn't think we can simply walk into Inazuma. Zhongli said it was a closed nation. We'll have to find some other way in...
:{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't we ask someone from Inazuma how to gain entrance?
:{{DIcon}} Let me try and think of someone...
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure there's someone we've met...
:{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon's thought of someone already &mdash; Atsuko, in Liyue Harbor! She's from Inazuma.
:{{A|vo wylq001 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see what she has to say.
----
;(Talk to Atsuko)
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 01.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' Hello... Oh! I&mdash;I mean, good fortune... right? *sigh* I'm still learning to talk like a local, haha...
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 02.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' Is there anything I can hep you with?
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We wanted ask... how do we get into Inazuma?
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 03.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' Ohh, so that's why you're here... Well, there is a way...
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! We came to the right person!
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 04.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' But the chance of success is... incredibly small.
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Incredibly small? Then how did you get out of Inazuma in the first place?
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 05.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' It was in leaving Inazuma that I found out just how dangerous this method truly was...
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 06.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' All I had to rely on was a little wooden raft that I'd put together myself. There was a storm raging ahead of me, and my pursuers were close on my tail.
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 07.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' After I'd escaped their clutches, I floated on the ocean for... I don't know how many days. My rations and fresh water supply soon ran out, and I remember getting to the point where I was sure I'd reached the end. Then, I blacked out.
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 08.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' But, to my surprise, my journey didn't end there... or to put it in another way, a new beginning found me.
:{{DIcon}} Did someone from Liyue save you?
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 09.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' That's right! I escaped by the skin of my teeth. The fact that I'm even alive to tell the tale must be a sign that the gods were watching over me.
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a horrible journey! And you set off knowing how dangerous it was? Why?
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 10.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' Well... because everything is just too restrictive over there. The atmosphere is so stifling... The [[Kanjou Commission]] subjects everyone leaving or entering the nation to a protracted approval process, and... I felt like I didn't belong there.
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kanjou Commission? What's that?
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 11.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' Along with the other two commissions, they oversee anything in Inazuma. We usually collectively refer to them as the [[Tri-Commission]] &mdash; I suppose they're equivalent to the [[Eight Trades]] under the [[Liyue Qixing]].
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 12.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' One of the obligations of the Kanjou Commission is to conduct rigorous identity checks on all individuals leaving or entering Inazuma. All non-nationals are processed centrally on [[Ritou]] upon arrival...
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 13.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' Meanwhile, the [[Tenryou Commission]] is responsible for implementing the recently promulgated [[Vision Hunt Decree]]. They act like the executive arm of the [[Raiden Shogun]]'s rule, loyal yet unfeeling.
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 14.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' It doesn't feel good to speak ill of my home like this... but after spending so long under that oppressive atmosphere, I began to lose all hope for the future.
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 15.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' What I mean to say is... unless you have an extremely compelling reason to go to Inazuma, you should abandon your plans of trying to get there.
:{{DIcon}} I have a compelling reason.
:{{DIcon}} There are answers to questions I must know there.
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 16.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' *sigh* You should know that the sea around Inazuma is engulfed in a perpetual tempest of wind and rain. Supposing you survived that, you would still need to get past the samurai guards that enforce the [[Sakoku Decree]] &mdash; the closed nation policy of Inazuma.
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 17.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' And even if you did manage to find a way, you'd still have to produce the necessary documentation at the Ritou center for processing outlanders. Otherwise, you'd be kicked out immediately...
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like they really don't want anyone setting foot in Inazuma, huh...
:{{DIcon}} But they have Ritou...
:{{DIcon}} But there's a place for outlanders to go, right?
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 18.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' They only set that up as a port to guarantee a supply of goods and information to the island. Most outlanders would be unable to acquire the documentation needed.
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 19.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' But if you really are on set going, there is one thing you can try...
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... The raft idea sounds a little on the dangerous side... plus Paimon would definitely get seasick.
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 20.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' That's not what I meant. You could ask someone from The [[Crux Fleet]] if they have some way of getting you to Inazuma, they're well-known in Liyue.
:{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 21.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' Voyaging far and wide has made them a well-traveled group with a wide range of experiences. They may just know how to break through the storm.
;(If the player has not met Beidou before)
::{{A|vo wylq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... it's an armed fleet, right? Why would they agree to a request like this?
::{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 22.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' That part is up to you! If you're able to persuade their captain, Beidou, then the hardest part would be out of the way.
::{{DIcon}} Let's give it a try.
::{{DIcon}} It seems like our only option.
::{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 23.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' The Alcor is the flagship of The Crux Fleet. I heard that it's currently anchored by [[Guyun Stone Forest]] on a supply run. This might be your best chance.
::{{A|vo wylq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then there's no time to lose! Let's go find Captain Beidou!
;(If the player has met Beidou before)
::{{A|vo wylq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're right! I'm sure if we can get Beidou's help, she'll certainly find a way out of this mess. Her crew is super strong!
::{{A|vo wylq001 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders if she'll be willing to take this risk...
::{{DIcon}} Let's give it a try.
::{{DIcon}} It seems like our only option.
::{{A|vo wylq001 2 atsuko 24.ogg}} '''Atsuko:''' The Alcor is the flagship of The Crux Fleet. I heard that it's currently anchored by Guyun Stone Forest on a supply run. This might be your best chance.
::{{A|vo wylq001 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What are we waiting for? Let's go find Beidou right away!

----
;(Approach Beidou, if the player has not met Beidou before)
::{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hmm? Who've we got here... Wait, I know you. You're that traveler, {{Traveler}}, aren't you? The one who fought against the Fatui and Osial, right?
::{{DIcon}} Have we met?
::{{DIcon}} My reputation precedes me...
::{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha, Ningguang told me about you. "A traveler of great insight and remarkable skill has saved Liyue," she said.
::{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' She's a hard one to please... so praise from her is high praise indeed. I remember thinking at the time that it'd be good to meet you in person.
::{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Judging by the clothes on your back and this floating thing, I guess that time has come.
::{{A|vo wylq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! The name's not "floating thing," it's PAIMON!
;(Approach Beidou, if the player has met Beidou before)
::{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Oh? If it isn't {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
::{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I knew you guys would come, hahaha!
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Paimon... hmm... What a fascinating being. You two give off not only the essence of [[Anemo|wind]] and [[Geo|earth]], but also of... yes... the stars...
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? The fragrance of what now? That's the weirdest compliment Paimon's ever heard...
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Pay it no heed... I mean only to say I am certain... that it is by fate, not chance alone, that we should meet... and that gives our encounter meaning.
:{{DIcon}} Is this guy a bard, by any chance?
::{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You're not far off, but they go by a different name in Inazuma.
:{{DIcon}} ...And this must be your bard-for-hire?
::{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05b.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Uh, I prefer... other means of entertainment.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 1.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' This young man is Kaedehara Kazuha, a temporary addition to my crew for reasons I won't bore you with. Occasionally, he opens his mouth and flowers come out instead of words.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 kazuha 02a.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' With this fine ship and the soft sea breeze... would it not be romantically irresponsible of me not to acknowledge it with a line or two of poetry?
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 2.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha, can't argue with that... Okay then, once The Clash is underway, I'll give you a chance to perform.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 kazuha 02a 1.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Only if the mood takes me, of course. Poetry for poetry's sake tends to lack meaning.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 3.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hey, you don't wanna pass this opportunity up too easily, especially seeing as our great hero might be in attendance.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 paimon 02a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a minute, what's The Clash? Also, just to clarify, by "great hero"... do you mean...
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 4.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Huh? I thought you might be here to sign up... You're telling me you've never even heard of it?
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 5.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The Crux Clash is a martial arts tournament that I hold. There'll be a whole bunch of folks taking part to showcase their talents.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 6.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' There are two important rules. One &mdash; competitors must be renowned fighters. We want those with real martial arts ability, not just people taking part for the fun of it.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 7.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So, you've got nothing to worry about there. I don't think there's anyone out there who hasn't heard of you.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 8.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Two &mdash; you can't take part if you've got a [[Vision]]. Otherwise, things get a little... one-sided.
:{{DIcon}} I don't have a Vision, but&mdash;
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 9.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha, you must be feeling confident, but you might wanna watch out &mdash; there are a few crouching tigers and hidden dragons lurking around in Liyue.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' And with Liyue's savior taking part in the tournament... now that's gonna turn a few heads. I think we can expect a healthy turnout this time...
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 paimon 02a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... we didn't come here to take part in a martial arts tournament.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Well, before you dismiss the idea completely, you might be interested to hear that the prize this time 'round is particularly sought after...
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Get this &mdash; it's a [[Masterless Vision]]!
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 kazuha 02a 2.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Supplied by myself, as a matter of fact. If the tournament champion can reawaken the Vision... it belongs to them.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 paimon 02a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is there really such thing as a masterless Vision!?
:{{DIcon}} Why doesn't it have a master?
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 kazuha 02a 3.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' When a Vision bearer dies, the light in their Vision will fade away. But the shell that housed that light remains.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 kazuha 02a 4.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' As for whether this shell has any practical application, well, this remains to be seen. But my intuition tells me that while it remains in the world, it may just be possible for someone else to inherit it.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Yep, and the way I see it, a Vision is a badge of recognition from the gods &mdash; so if anyone's able to rekindle it, it's got to be an individual of exceptional strength and talent.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 14.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Organizing The Clash is my way of uncovering hidden talents... and hopefully, this time, of getting a Vision to glow again.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 05a 15.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So, if you don't have a Vision, this is the perfect opportunity to get your hands on one of your very own.
:{{DIcon}} To be honest, I'm not interested.
:{{DIcon}} A Vision is of no use to me.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we're interested in getting to Inazuma, not fighting in some tournament!
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Inazuma? You... want to go there?
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Well, why didn't you say so! Inazuma? No sweat.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' In that case, if you win the tournament, I'll give you a choice: Masterless Vision, or a ticket to Inazuma aboard The Alcor. Up to you.
:{{DIcon}} That was easy!
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 paimon 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo wylq001 3 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You just want {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} to take part in your tournament!
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hahaha, what's wrong with that? The more talent we have, the better the tournament will be. I couldn't let a competitor like you fall through the net.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What're we gonna do, {{Traveler}}? *sigh* Looks like we pretty much have to do this tournament if we want to get to Inazuma, huh?
:{{DIcon}} I'm not worried.
:{{DIcon}} Let's give this a shot.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 beidou 09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Great, then, let's get you signed up! Head to the tournament arena in Guyun Stone Forest. Kazuha and I will be over soon.
:{{A|vo wylq001 3 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It seems like it will only be a matter of time before the answer is revealed...

;(Talk to Beidou)
:{{A|vo dialog wylq001 beidou 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Go on, get yourself to Guyun and sign up already.
:{{A|vo dialog wylq001 beidou 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I've already fixed up the arena. You can't miss it.

;(Talk to Kazuha)
:{{A|vo dialog wylq001 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Martial arts tournaments always remind me of the duels they have back in Inazuma...
:{{A|vo dialog wylq001 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But when the combatants are obliged to exercise restraint, it is unlikely they will ever display their true potential.
----
;(Approach the arena)
:{{A|vo wylq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Before we sign up, let's see who the other competitors are!
:{{A|vo wylq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Beidou said that they had to be renowned fighters. Hmm, who will we be up against?

;(Talk to [[Uncle Yun]])
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello, are you here to compete in The Crux Clash?
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 uncleyun 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' You bet I am, have you put your names down yet?
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:{{DIcon}} We just wanted to take a look around first.
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 uncleyun 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' Well, I'd have a look at the entrance criteria if I were you. They don't allow just anyone to take part.
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 uncleyun 03.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' The Clash is a comprehensive test of fighting ability. Anyone who turns up for show over skill is gonna get their butt handed to them.
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 uncleyun 04.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' Tsk, nobody wants to see that, right?
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we heard a rule about that. So Paimon's wondering... are you a renowned fighter?
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 uncleyun 05.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' Hahaha, me? Only a former runner-up in the Chihu Rock Freestyle Combat Summit! Oh yeah...
:{{DIcon}} Former...
:{{DIcon}} Runner up...
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-huh... Also, that doesn't sound like the most official tournament out there...
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 uncleyun 06.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' What!? You... Nonsense! Have you been living under a rock? It's been going on for years! There were plenty of competitors when I took part!
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 uncleyun 07.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' Not to mention, I've helped the Millelith catch Treasure Hoarders before! There were two of them trying to escape &mdash; I soon sorted them out.
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 uncleyun 08.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' They tried to sneak past me under the cover of darkness... Ha! They didn't know what hit 'em.
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 uncleyun 09.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' I planted a left hook on the skinnier one's face and sent him flying. Then, the big guy pulled out a knife!
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 uncleyun 10.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' I stood my ground, of course. A roundhouse kick sent the blade hurtling into a beam above us.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds, uh... impressive.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds, um... dangerous.
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 uncleyun 11.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' Hahaha, I told you! Unarmed, outnumbered two to one, but I still got the upper hand!
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 uncleyun 12.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' I'm not saying I came out completely unscathed of course, but the fact remains that I did manage to subdue both of them... AND hand them over to the Millelith. I received quite the commendation! Oh yeah...
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-huh... But for us, even four or five Treasure Hoarders at a time is all in a day's work...
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for letting us know...
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mm-hmm... Alright, we're gonna keep looking around.
:{{A|vo wylq001 7 uncleyun 13.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' I'll see you in the arena. Tsk, but I don't plan on losing to a pair of children any time soon!

;(Talk to Uncle Yun again)
:{{A|vo dialog wylq001 uncleyun 01a.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' See you in the arena, kid!
:{{A|vo dialog wylq001 uncleyun 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Yun:''' Watch out for my signature roundhouse!

;(Talk to [[Jinyou]])
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 01.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' Hey, youngster. Are you here for The Crux Clash too?
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 02.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' If so... seems I've found myself another new adversary.
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're also here for the tournament?
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 03.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' You better believe it. I wouldn't be here if I didn't think I could walk away as a champion.
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 04.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' For me, obtaining a Vision is the final and most important piece in the puzzle that is my life.
:{{DIcon}} Do you want to become an adventurer?
:{{DIcon}} Do you want to become a hero?
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 05.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' No, no, no &mdash; it's not about what I want to do. This is about who I want to be. I am looking to become a perfect person.
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 06.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' I know how that sounds, but let me explain. I've lived a successful life so far, without any setbacks.
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 07.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' I've passed every exam I've ever taken, enjoyed numerous successful business ventures, and seem to get on with just about everyone socially...
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 08.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' In most people's eyes, I am already the very embodiment of the perfect person, though of course, I'd never let the praise get to my head. I know I haven't reached perfection yet... because there's one thing I'm still missing...
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 09.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' ...A Vision.
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You have so much self-confidence...
:{{DIcon}} Do you have tournament experience?
:{{DIcon}} Are you a renowned fighter?
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 10.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' That's not important... I have a contact in The Crux Fleet who was happy to vouch for me. So, they very kindly made special arrangements on my behalf.
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 11.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' I've also brought along a bit of entourage, for moral support. It's such a blessing, really, to have so many good friends in my neighborhood.
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 12.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' Of course, I also put in a few good days' practice, concentrating mostly on rare and esoteric styles of kung fu. As a high-achiever by nature, I'm confident I've done enough to guarantee my victory in this tournament.
:{{DIcon}} Don't be so sure.
::{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 13a.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' Hah, you don't mince your words, do you... The arena will be the judge.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure you have.
::{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 13b.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' Haha, I seem to have gained another fan. Don't let my aura overwhelm you, though. You'll need your wits about you today.
:{{A|vo wylq001 11 jinyou 14.ogg}} '''Jinyou:''' Now then, if you don't mind, I need to finish my pre-competition routine. It's not too long now before you'll get to see me in action.

;(Talk to [[Chai Yi]] or [[Liang]])
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi there, are you here for The Crux Clash too?
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 chaiyi 01.ogg}} '''Chai Yi:''' That's right. Nothing beats real-life combat for honing your skills. That's what our master taught us.
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 chaiyi 02.ogg}} '''Chai Yi:''' But this tournament is more than just a chance to put training into practice &mdash; it's also a chance for us to obtain the Masterless Vision.
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 liang 01.ogg}} '''Liang:''' Exactly! With a Vision, we'd quickly become our master's top students.
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This master of yours must be pretty incredible, huh... Are they someone famous?
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 chaiyi 03.ogg}} '''Chai Yi:''' Famous? He's the founder of the [[Lingshan Clan]], and his skills are unparalleled! Liang and I are both disciples of his.
:{{DIcon}} The Lingshan Clan...?
:{{DIcon}} Doesn't ring a bell.
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 chaiyi 04.ogg}} '''Chai Yi:''' You probably wouldn't have heard of it, it was founded quite recently. The clan is nowhere near as famous as the master himself, anyway.
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 chaiyi 05.ogg}} '''Chai Yi:''' He's got to be a grandmaster or something. He's created many different styles of kung fu, and countless other clans have borrowed extensively from him.
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 chaiyi 06.ogg}} '''Chai Yi:''' To the Lingshan Clan, he teaches a special technique known as "force dispersal."
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Force dispersal"?
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 chaiyi 07.ogg}} '''Chai Yi:''' It's a type of breathing exercise where you can train yourself to harness the energy around you and neutralize attacks without moving an inch.
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 chaiyi 08.ogg}} '''Chai Yi:''' For example, our master can use it to alter the path of an attacking fist, or change the direction of an incoming stone, all without breaking a sweat!
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 liang 02.ogg}} '''Liang:''' One time, he sent a challenger flying into the air without lifting a finger!
:{{DIcon}} Is that really possible?
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 chaiyi 09.ogg}} '''Chai Yi:''' It sure is! But it's extremely difficult to cultivate this ability. We've been training for ages, and we're still getting to grips with the very basics. There's no way we could use it proficiently yet.
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 liang 03.ogg}} '''Liang:''' *sigh* We're clearly not that naturally gifted, or we would have at least gotten the gist by now... If we don't start making progress soon, we'll probably run out of money to pay the tuition fees and still have nothing to show for all our training...
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's a tuition fee!?
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 liang 04.ogg}} '''Liang:''' Of course! This is a grandmaster we're talking about here. He doesn't have time to waste. If you want face-to-face training, you've gotta show you're sincere about it.
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 chaiyi 10.ogg}} '''Chai Yi:''' *sigh* But here we are, having trained under him directly all this time without even a hint of improvement. Master is getting increasingly impatient with us.
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 chaiyi 11.ogg}} '''Chai Yi:''' Recently, though, we heard that a [[Xingqiu|Vision bearer]] joined the [[Guhua Clan]] and made pretty much instant progress in their training.
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 liang 05.ogg}} '''Liang:''' So, if we can get our hands on a Vision, too, maybe we can finally make our master proud!
:{{DIcon}} A Vision won't make you better at martial arts.
:{{DIcon}} There may be other reasons why you can't seem to master this technique...
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 chaiyi 12.ogg}} '''Chai Yi:''' Well, we have to try something new, otherwise, we're stuck in the same situation.
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 liang 06.ogg}} '''Liang:''' Exactly, it can't hurt to try. And if it turns out it does work, the Lingshan Clan will go down in history!
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 liang 07.ogg}} '''Liang:''' Folks will come from far and wide. Heck, we could even become the dominant martial arts clan in all of Liyue!
:{{DIcon}} Well... that's the spirit.
:{{DIcon}} Can't fault you for trying...
:{{A|vo wylq001 9 chaiyi 13.ogg}} '''Chai Yi:''' See you in the arena!

;(Talk to Chai Yi or Liang again)
:{{A|vo dialog wylq001 chaiyi 01.ogg}} '''Chai Yi:''' If we win... we could even start our own clan and take disciples of our own!
:{{A|vo dialog wylq001 liang 01.ogg}} '''Liang:''' Keep your voice down! What if the master heard you'd been saying something like that, huh?

;(After talking to all three)
:{{A|vo wylq001 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So to recap... we're up against an inflated ego, some gullible guys paying way too much for their kung fu classes, and another guy who's just... really average.
:{{A|vo wylq001 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm.... Seems like you've got a pretty good chance of winning this thing, {{Traveler}}!
:{{A|vo wylq001 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' C'mon, let's go sign up!
----
;(Talk to Zhuhan)
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 01.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' Qingce Village Armwrestling Champion, huh... *sigh* Alright, you're signed up...
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 02.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' Next please... what's your name?
:{{DIcon}} I'm {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 03.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' {{Traveler}}... Wait! A&mdash;Aren't you...!?
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 competitora 01.ogg}} '''Clash Competitor:''' Did I hear that right? {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 competitorb 01.ogg}} '''Clash Competitor:''' Is it really them?
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 competitorc 01.ogg}} '''Clash Competitor:''' ...Huh? Aren't they a Vision bearer, though? Why are they trying to enter the Clash?
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 04.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' Uh... I&mdash;I have to ask... aren't you the traveler that helped Liyue fight off that ancient god...?
:{{DIcon}} Correct.
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 competitora 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo wylq001 13 competitora 02b.ogg}} '''Clash Competitor:''' It's really {{MC|him|her|mc=1}}!
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 competitorb 02.ogg}} '''Clash Competitor:''' The one that spoke with Lady [[Keqing]] at the [[Rite of Parting]]!
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 competitorc 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo wylq001 13 competitorc 02b.ogg}} '''Clash Competitor:''' Oh! Oh! I wonder if I can get {{MC|his|her|mc=1}} autograph later?
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 05.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' I&mdash;I trust you are aware that... only those without Visions can enter the tournament?
:{{DIcon}} I don't have a Vision.
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 06.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' Really? B&mdash;But from what I've heard, the things you're capable of in combat are... nothing short of extraordinary... You walk into the most dangerous situations imaginable, face off against all sorts of monsters &mdash; even the Fatui &mdash; and always come out on top!
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 paimon 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo wylq001 13 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup! {{MC|He|She|mc=1}} still doesn't have a Vision though. See for yourself!
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 07.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' My apologies, I didn't mean to be rude. I'm sure a great hero like yourself would have no reason to lie. Now, could I ask you to provide a few claims to fame?
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 08.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' It's just a formality for you, of course, but I have to make a record of competitors' achievements as part of the sign-up process...
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 09.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' So far I've got "Defeated the ancient god, Osial," so that's one. Do you... have any others?
:{{DIcon}} I defeated a Fatui Harbinger.
::{{A|vo wylq001 13 paimon 02a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, and also a dragon, too! Put down "Battle with Stormterror"!
:{{DIcon}} I saved Dvalin.
::{{A|vo wylq001 13 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, put that down! And also, "Defeated the Fatui Harbinger, Childe."
:{{DIcon}} I'm the Honorary Knight of the Knights of Favonius.
::{{A|vo wylq001 13 paimon 02c.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Also, don't forget to mention that previous battles include, but are not limited to "Stormterror" Dvalin and Fatui Harbinger, Childe.
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 competitora 03.ogg}} '''Clash Competitor:''' Whoa...
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 competitorb 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo wylq001 13 competitorb 03b.ogg}} '''Clash Competitor:''' Might as well declare {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} the champion already.
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 competitorc 03.ogg}} '''Clash Competitor:''' I wonder if it's too late to withdraw?
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 10.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' Okay, um... that's plenty... Actually, this is the most dazzling track record I've ever seen, by a long shot...
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 11.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' Right, your registration is complete. Now, a brief word about the prize.
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 12.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' A great hero such as yourself can surely only be here for one thing &mdash; to win the tournament and claim the grand prize, namely, a Vision.
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we're not here for that. We're here because Captain Beidou promised to take us to Inazuma if we win the tournament.
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 competitora 04.ogg}} '''Clash Competitor:''' There's another prize too? First I've heard of it!
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 competitorb 04.ogg}} '''Clash Competitor:''' Beidou must have upped the stakes this time to attract top talent!
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 competitorc 04.ogg}} '''Clash Competitor:''' But why would anyone want to go somewhere as dangerous as Inazuma?
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 13.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' ...I see, so... I take it you discussed your terms with Beidou in advance, then.
:{{DIcon}} Everyone's misunderstanding the situation.
::{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 14a.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' Well, nobody expected you to sign up to a tournament like this... I can hardly believe it myself, to be honest...
:{{DIcon}} I'm just not that interested in Visions, that's all.
::{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 14b.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' Well, I'm sure a great hero has an important reason for being here.
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 zhuhan 15.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' Anyway, the qualifying rounds are about to begin. I'll leave you to your preparation.
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, so, Paimon's thinking about that whole "no Vision bearers" rule in this tournament.
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even though you don't have a Vision, most people in Teyvat think that you can't manipulate the elements without one.
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Paimon thinks you probably shouldn't use your elemental abilities during the tournament. Y'know, just to avoid any misunderstandings.
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In any case, looking at the competition, it should still be pretty easy for you to win even without using any elements, right?
:{{DIcon}} Makes sense.
:{{A|vo wylq001 13 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, it's showtime! You got this!
:{{A|vo wylq001 14 zhuhan 01.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' You seem like you're raring to go. Are you ready to compete?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I'm ready.
::{{A|vo wylq001 14 zhuhan 02a.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' Good, then please follow me into the arena.
:;(First fight begins, continues to [[The Crux Clash (Quest)|The Crux Clash]])
:{{DIcon}} Not quite.
::{{A|vo wylq001 14 zhuhan 02b.ogg}} '''Zhuhan:''' Not a problem, there's still time. Make sure you're fully prepared!
:;(Quest complete)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Path Through the Storm
|zhs     = 冲破雷暴之法
|zhs_rm  = Chōngpò Léibào zhī Fǎ
|zht     = 衝破雷暴之法
|zht_rm  = Chōngpò Léibào zhī Fǎ
|zh_tl   = The Way to Break Through a Thunderstorm
|ja      = 嵐を突破する方法
|ja_rm   = Arashi wo Toppa-suru Houhou
|ja_tl   = A Way to Break Through the Storm
|ko      = 뇌우를 뚫는 법
|ko_rm   = Noe'u-reul Ttulleun Beop
|ko_tl   = A Way to Break Through the Thunderstorm
|es      = Cómo superar una tempestad
|es_tl   = How to Overcome A Storm
|fr      = À travers la tempête
|fr_tl   = Through the Storm
|ru      = Путь сквозь шторм
|ru_tl   = A Path Through the Storm
|th      = หนทางฝ่าพายุ
|th_rm   = Honthang Fa Pha-yu
|th_tl   = A Way Through the Storm
|vi      = Thuật Phá Lôi Bạo
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Weg durch den Sturm
|de_tl   = A Way Through the Storm
|id      = Cara Menembus Badai
|id_tl   = How to Break Through the Storm
|pt      = Rompendo a Tempestade
|pt_tl   = Breaking the Storm
|tr      = Fırtınanın İçinden Bir Yol
|tr_tl   = A Path Through the Storm
|it      = Una via attraverso la tempesta
|it_tl   = A Way Through the Storm
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[es:Cómo superar una tempestad]]
[[ja:嵐を突破する方法]]
[[pt-br:Rompendo a Tempestade]]
[[ru:Путь сквозь шторм]]
[[vi:Thuật Phá Lôi Bạo]]