{{Event Tabs
|subpage1=Gathering of Stars
|subpage2=Project Connectivity
|subpage3=Antiquity Hunt
|subpage4=In Truth's Steps
|subpage5=Concocted Reaction
|subpage6=Mimetic Replication
}}
{{Event
|name              = A Parade of Providence
|image             = A Parade of Providence.png
|type              = In-Game
|group             = Flagship
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-04-27 10:00:00
|time_end          = 2023-05-15 03:59:59
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/17950597
|link2             = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/111241
|reward            = Faruzan
|rewardType        = Character
|quick_start       = Inversion of Genesis;The Illusions of the Mob
|no_quick_start    = A New Star Approaches
}}
{{Description|Being a momentous celebration for the [[Akademiya]], this year's Akademiya Extravaganza is extra lively.<br>With competitions and amusements aplenty, meet with people from all across [[Teyvat]] and join in a time of revelry.}}
'''A Parade of Providence''' is a [[Flagship Event]] in [[Version 3.6]].

==Event Details==
===Duration===
* 2023/04/27 10:00 - 2023/05/15 03:59
:{|class="article-table"
!Event Content
!Start Time
!End Time
|-
!colspan=3|Quest Start Time
|-
|Act I - [[Comings and Goings]]
|2023/4/27 10:00
|rowspan=3|2023/5/15 3:59
|-
|Act II - [[Beginnings and Endings]]
|2023/4/29 4:00
|-
|Act III - [[Gatherings and Partings]]
|2023/5/1 4:00
|-
!colspan=3|Gameplay Duration
|-
|Phase I
|2023/4/27 10:00
|rowspan=4|2023/5/15 3:59
|-
|Phase II
|2023/4/29 4:00
|-
|Phase III
|2023/5/1 4:00
|-
|Phase IV
|2023/5/3 4:00
|}

===Requirements===
* [[Adventure Rank]] 30 or above
* Complete the [[Archon Quest]] "[[A New Star Approaches]]"
* To get the best experience from this event, complete Archon Quest "[[Inversion of Genesis]]" and [[Alhaitham]]'s [[Story Quest]] "[[Vultur Volans Chapter]]: Act I".
** If the player has not completed the Archon Quest "Inversion of Genesis" and Alhaitham's Story Quest "Vultur Volans Chapter: Act I," they can enter the event through "Quick Start" in the event page.

===Summary===
* During the event, participate in the "Akademiya Extravaganza" held by Sumeru Akademiya, and you will be rewarded with [[Primogem]]s, [[Crown of Insight]], event-exclusive [[Furnishing]]s, and other rewards. By finishing the games prepared by each Darshan, you can accumulate Gala Excitement. If the Gala Excitement reaches the specified value, you can invite "Enigmatic Machinist" [[Faruzan]] ({{Anemo}}) to join your party.
* During the event, six types of gameplay will unlock in sequence: Gathering of Stars, Project Connectivity, Antiquity Hunt, In Truth's Steps, Concocted Reaction, and Mimetic Replication.
* In the "[[A Parade of Providence/Gathering of Stars|Gathering of Stars]]" gameplay, Travelers can rotate the Artisan Astrolabe and complete the pattern.
* In the "[[A Parade of Providence/Project Connectivity|Project Connectivity]]" gameplay, Travelers will have to use the least amount of building materials you can to construct a path from the starting point that connects all checkpoints.
* In the "[[A Parade of Providence/Antiquity Hunt|Antiquity Hunt]]" gameplay, Travelers will have to use the "Search Compass" to find hidden relic replicas at each location.
* In the "[[A Parade of Providence/In Truth's Steps|In Truth's Steps]]" gameplay, Travelers will have to listen and consider the happenings of a certain story before responding with inquiries and discovering the truth via deduction.
* In the "[[A Parade of Providence/Concocted Reaction|Concocted Reaction]]" gameplay, in a mysterious Domain, Travelers will have to use a variety of potions to overcome various situations while using the bonuses to maintain combat effectiveness.
* In the "[[A Parade of Providence/Mimetic Replication|Mimetic Replication]]" gameplay, Travelers will have to control replicas for various creatures and imitate specific behaviors.
* Complete these phases to gain Gala Excitement and reach 1,200 [[Gala Excitement]] to invite "Enigmatic Machinist" Faruzan (Anemo).

==Gala Excitement==
{|class="article-table tdl1"
!Objective !! Rewards
|-
|Reach 300 Gala Excitement
|{{Card|Primogem|50}}{{Card|Blueprint: "Vahumana Flag"|1}}{{Card|Blueprint: "Spantamad Flag"|1}}
|-
||Reach 600 Gala Excitement
|{{Card|Primogem|50}}{{Card|Blueprint: "Haravatat Flag"|1}}{{Card|Blueprint: "Amurta Flag"|1}}
|-
||Reach 900 Gala Excitement
|{{Card|Primogem|50}}{{Card|Blueprint: "Rtawahist Flag"|1}}{{Card|Blueprint: "Kshahrewar Flag"|1}}
|-
||Reach 1200 Gala Excitement
|{{Card|Primogem|50}}{{Card|"Monthly Frustration-Be-Gone"|1}}{{Card|"Spiraling Duet"|1}}
|-
||Reach 1,500 Gala Excitement
|{{Card|Primogem|50}}{{Card|Crown of Insight|1}}{{Card|Akademiya Extravaganza Large Stage|1}}
|}

==Battle Pass Missions==
{{Battle Pass Missions
|name     = Crown of Glory
|mission1 = {{Color|[Event]}} Complete "Comings and Goings" of the "Interdarshan Championship" in "A Parade of Providence"
|exp1     = 1,500
|mission2 = {{Color|[Event]}} Reach 750 Gala Excitement in "A Parade of Providence"
|exp2     = 1,500
|mission3 = {{Color|[Event]}} Reach 1,500 Gala Excitement in "A Parade of Providence"
|exp3     = 2,250
}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|Primogem = 970
|Faruzan = 1
|Mora = 220,000
|Hero's Wit = 15
|Adventurer's Experience = 28
|Mystic Enhancement Ore = 30
|Crown of Insight = 1
|Blueprint: "Vahumana Flag" = 1
|Blueprint: "Spantamad Flag" = 1
|Blueprint: "Haravatat Flag" = 1
|Blueprint: "Amurta Flag" = 1
|Blueprint: "Rtawahist Flag" = 1
|Blueprint: "Kshahrewar Flag" = 1
|"Monthly Frustration-Be-Gone" = 1
|"Spiraling Duet" = 1
|Akademiya Extravaganza Large Stage = 1
|"Omnidirector" = 1
|sort = Primogem¤Faruzan¤Mora¤Hero's Wit¤Adventurer's Experience¤Mystic Enhancement Ore¤Crown of Insight¤Blueprint: "Vahumana Flag"¤Blueprint: "Spantamad Flag"¤Blueprint: "Haravatat Flag"¤Blueprint: "Amurta Flag"¤Blueprint: "Rtawahist Flag"¤Blueprint: "Kshahrewar Flag"¤"Monthly Frustration-Be-Gone"¤"Spiraling Duet"¤Akademiya Extravaganza Large Stage¤"Omnidirector"
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Parade of Providence
|zhs     = 盛典与慧业
|zhs_rm  = Shèngdiǎn yǔ Huìyè
|zht     = 盛典與慧業
|zht_rm  = Shèngdiǎn yǔ Huìyè
|zh_tl   = Grand Ceremony and Karmic Wisdom
|ja      = 盛典と慧業
|ja_rm   = Seiten to Egou{{assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Grand Ceremony and Karmic Wisdom
|ko      = 성대한 지혜의 축제
|ko_rm   = Seongdaehan Jihye-ui Chukje
|ko_tl   = Grand Festival of Wisdom
|es      = La gran ceremonia de erudición
|es_tl   = The Great Ceremony of Erudition
|fr      = Célébration de la providence
|fr_tl   = Celebration of Providence
|ru      = Торжество разума
|ru_tl   = A Celebration of Intellect
|th      = นิทรรศการกรรมบถบ่วงปัญญา
|th_rm   = Ni-thatsakan Kammabot Buang Panya
|th_tl   = Exhibition of Karmic Path in the Wisdom’s Bond
|vi      = Điển Lễ Trí Tuệ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Versammlung der Erleuchtung
|de_tl   = Gathering of Enlightenment
|id      = Gebyar Hikmat dan Kebijaksanaan
|id_tl   = Celebration of Sagacity and Wisdom
|pt      = Sabedoria e Sagacidade
|pt_tl   = Wisdom and Wit
|tr      = Bilgelerin Geçidi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Celebrazione della saggezza
|it_tl   = Celebration of Wisdom
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[Category:Akademiya Extravaganza]]

[[es:La gran ceremonia de erudición]]
[[fr:Célébration de la providence]]
[[ja:盛典と慧業]]
[[ru:Торжество разума]]
[[pt-br:Sabedoria e Sagacidade]]