{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12004
|image         = Story Quest Ayaka A1 A Private Commission.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Grus Nivis Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = The Whispers of the Crane and the White Rabbit
|character     = Kamisato Ayaka
|requirement   = Complete [[The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia]]
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          = 
|next          = Woven Wishes
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Mora*13,925;Adventurer's Experience*6;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3
|characters    = Kamisato Ayaka; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''A Private Commission''' is the first part of {{Quest|The Whispers of the Crane and the White Rabbit}}.

==Steps==
# Leave [[Komore Teahouse]]
#* [[Co-Op Mode]] and teleportation are locked until this step is completed.
#* Players must exit through the front door of Komore Teahouse to complete this step.
# Talk to [[Kamisato Ayaka]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Kamisato Ayaka seems to have something to discuss with you. Meet up for a chat with her at Komore Teahouse.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon arriving at the outside of Komore Teahouse)
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, where do we go from here...? What's the plan?
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Traveler, Paimon. Hold on.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Ayaka?
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Something has come up, and I would like to request your assistance.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But you ought not be nervous. This is not coming from the [[Yashiro Commission]] or the [[Kamisato Clan]]. It is my own individual request.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Individual request? You mean... personal stuff?
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Correct. It concerns my mother.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' This may seem a little sudden... but in my view, you are the only person I can entrust this to.
:{{DIcon}} Can you give me any more details?
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' A few days ago, I was sorting through some old family belongings when I found a notebook that belonged to my mother.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' She wrote about all kinds of things, mostly of little consequence. But what drew my attention was a name &mdash; it is one that I have never heard before, so the fact that she mentions it so frequently... it makes it difficult for me to ignore...
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Probably your mom's best buddy, right?
:{{DIcon}} You'd really never heard the name before? Not once?
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Never. And although my mother and father passed away many years ago, both my brother and I are familiar with the vast majority of their acquaintances.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' So... I am very curious about this mysterious individual. I would very much like to meet them.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' According to the notebook, their name is "[[Tsubaki]]." This seems to have been someone very important to my mother. Someone with a lot of personality, who liked to have fun.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Paimon thinks it sounds like a girl's name.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' That's what I thought too.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what do you want us to do?
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you need us to find her for you?
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' No, no, her address is given in the notebook &mdash; we can head straight there. I wanted you to assist me with the preparation of greeting gifts...
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...Please keep everything I have told you in strict confidence.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The proper course of action would be to involve my brother and visit her together, but he is terribly busy at present, and... on a more selfish note, I don't wish to involve anybody else from Inazuma in this matter.
:{{DIcon}} Hence why you came to me, an outlander.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Exactly. That, and you are also a kind, well-mannered person with a genuine concern for other people... not to mention trustworthy. I would not feel comfortable with anyone else in this situation.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can count on us! We've done greeting gifts before, so we should be able to help. In terms of payment... just treat us to some delicious food, and we'll be more than happy!
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Wonderful &mdash; in fact, I was hoping to take this opportunity to show you both around. If you don't mind, of course?
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we don't mind! We don't mind at all! Do we, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Not in the slightest.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 ayaka 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thank you kindly! Shall we head off, then? [[Ogura Textiles & Kimonos]] is our first stop.
:{{A|vo aylq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! Sounds great!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Private Commission
|zhs     = 私人委托
|zhs_rm  = Sīrén Wěituō
|zht     = 私人委託
|zht_rm  = Sīrén Wěituō
|zh_tl   = Private Commission
|ja      = 個人の依頼
|ja_rm   = Kojin no Irai
|ja_tl   = A Private Request
|ko      = 사적인 의뢰
|ko_rm   = Sajjeogin Uiroe
|ko_tl   = A Private Request
|es      = Un encargo personal
|es_tl   = A Personal Order
|fr      = Une mission à titre privé
|fr_tl   = A Private Mission
|ru      = Частное поручение
|ru_tl   = A Private Commission
|th      = คำขอส่วนตัว
|th_rm   = Kham-kho Suan-tua
|th_tl   = A Private Request
|vi      = {{tt|Ủy Thác|委託}} Riêng
|vi_tl   = Private Commission
|de      = Eine private Mission
|de_tl   = A Private Mission
|id      = Permintaan Pribadi
|id_tl   = Private Request
|pt      = Missão Pessoal
|pt_tl   = Personal Mission
|tr      = Özel Bir Görev
|tr_tl   = A Private Mission
|it      = Un incarico privato
|it_tl   = A Private Assignment
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Un encargo personal]]
[[pt-br:Missão Pessoal]]