{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73018
|image         = World Quest A Prayer for Rain on the Fecund Land.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Varuna Gatha
|part          = 2
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Arabalika; Arakunti; Aranakula; Arapandu; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Apam Woods]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ashavan Realm
|subarea       = Apam Woods
|prev          = Memory of Stone
|prev2         = Irate Iron Chunk
|prev3         = Slumbering Roots
|exp           = 400
|mora          = 40,000
|primogems     = 50
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}{{Card|Stories of You and the Aranara|1}}
* Unlocks the World Quest, ''[[Sprouting Seedlings]]''
}}
'''''A Prayer for Rain on the Fecund Land''''' is the second<!--idk the best way to enumerate these quests--> quest in the [[Varuna Gatha]] quest series. It is automatically received after completing the three requisite World Quests.

==Steps==
# Head to the rest stop
# Talk to [[Arapandu]]
# Head near the [[Varunastra]]
# Head to the underground space
# Head into the depths
#* There is an unmarked [[Teleport Waypoint]] along the way.
# Clear the spores
# Defeat the Fungi
#* {{Enemy|Winged Dendroshroom|text=Disturbed Fungus &mdash; Bad Bug Plaguing the Varuna Contraption}}
# Defeat the Fungi
# Talk to Arapandu

==Gameplay Notes==
* Arabalika will deal {{Color|Dendro DMG}} at set intervals during the final fight against the Disturbed Fungus.
** {{Environmental Damage|7.5|Arabalika's attacks}}
* Completing this quest grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[The Rain Seeps Into the Soil]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The "branches and leaves" of the Varuna Contraption that were scattered in Vana were all healed. In Arapandu's words, it's time to get rid of the bad bugs gnawing on the roots of the Varuna Contraption...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After completing all previous quests)
:'''Paimon:''' We've gone to the places Arapandu mentioned. We should be able to get close to the Varuna Contraption now.
:'''Paimon:''' But that water pillar was flowing backwards... Let's go ask Arapandu what to do next.

;(Approach Arapandu)
:'''Arapandu:''' Nara (Traveler), and Paimon, thank you for helping Aranara. Arapandu senses that the branches blocking the stream in various places have been removed.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! So we can go and heal the Varuna Contraption now, right?
:'''Arapandu:''' Soon, but not yet. The root system is deep underground, and the entrance is in the center of the Varunastra.
:'''Paimon:''' The Varunastra... You've mentioned that before, haven't you, Arapandu?
:'''Arapandu:''' It's a manifestation of the power of the Varuna Contraption. When it displays its power, it will be taller than the tallest tree in Vana. Nara (Traveler) and Paimon saw it before.
:'''Paimon:''' Do you mean that place from which water jets out occasionally? Are we seriously going through the center of that thing!?
:{{DIcon}} That doesn't look like an entrance.
::'''Paimon:''' That's right!
:{{DIcon}} We can't get in! There's no way to get in!
::'''Paimon:''' Hey!
:'''Paimon:''' What if it activates just as we go in...?
:'''Paimon:''' The water jet is so high, and it looks really powerful too... Paimon can't figure out how we're going to get into its center...
:{{DIcon}} Guess we can only get in from above.
::'''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon can fly, but you sure can't!
:{{DIcon}} So we're taking this thing head-on, then.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon's heard that some people train by sitting under a waterfall and absorbing its impact... But we'll surely be swept away if we just rush in!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we can dig a tunnel to it from the side...
::'''Paimon:''' What kind of solution is that? ... Wait. It might be worth a try...
:'''Arabalika:''' Why? We can just make it stop.
:'''Paimon:''' It can stop!?
:'''Arapandu:''' It couldn't before, but thanks to Nara (Traveler) and Paimon's help, the power of the Varuna Contraption has been partially restored. Now, Aranara can make it stop.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, we did such an amazing thing by coincidence!
:{{DIcon}} Well, it's not so much of a coincidence...
::'''Paimon:''' Ah, true. It was really difficult to find the [[Grove of Dreams]]...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon is amazing!
::'''Paimon:''' You're amazing too. Hehe, we're both amazing!
:'''Arapandu:''' Nara (Traveler), Paimon, let's go together. The green branches have bloomed. It's almost time to bear fruit.
----
;(Approach the Varunastra)
:'''Paimon:''' It's even more impressive when you see it up close...
:'''Arapandu:''' The Varuna Contraption is a creation of the Lord of Dendro. It sends forth water that brings life, turning Valuka into Vana, replacing that which was once yellow with green, and turning barren land into a land full of life.
:'''Paimon:''' It sounds miraculous. "Water that brings life"... Wow...
;(If Arpas' soup was eaten during [[Cooking, the Aroma of Homecoming]])
::'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, Paimon ate the soup Arapas made earlier. That was made with the water from here, right?
::'''Paimon:''' His soup doesn't have a special effect, right...
;(If Arpas' soup was not eaten during [[Cooking, the Aroma of Homecoming]])
::'''Paimon:''' Can this water be consumed? Will it have any special effects?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it reverses aging.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Would that happen to you, or Paimon?
::{{DIcon}} It'd be you, baby Paimon.
:::'''Paimon:''' If Paimon gets any younger than she is now...
:::{{DIcon}} You'd become like a [[Cicin]].
:::'''Paimon:''' Oh come on, Paimon won't become that small!
::{{DIcon}} Couldn't be me, right?
:::'''Paimon:''' If that's the case...
:::'''Paimon:''' Hah, "Good baby (Traveler), Paimon's here to take care of you! C'mere, let Paimon give you some hugsy-wugsies!"
:{{DIcon}} It might let you live forever.
::'''Paimon:''' Wow, it might be possible to live long enough to eat every dish in Teyvat that way!
::{{DIcon}} But where will those who share the taste be then...?
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Guess living too long is not entirely a good thing, huh...
:'''Aranakula:''' So Paimon wants water...
:'''Aranakula:''' If Paimon becomes a seed, Aranakula will take good care of her, water her properly, and put her in a sunny place and loosen the soil for her.
:'''Arakunti:''' Arakunti will play music to Paimon and tell her things about Vana that she doesn't know.
:'''Arakunti:''' Arabalika won't come to see Paimon so often. But will bring mushrooms. Cook for her.
:'''Arabalika:''' Arabalika will not do such things.
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, that sure sounds like such a cozy life! ...Wait! Paimon won't turn into a seed! What is this, some kind of scary forest that you can't leave once you enter!?
:'''Paimon:''' ...It's even scarier when you think that these words are coming from these sweet-looking Aranara!
:{{DIcon}} You'll grow strong and bear fruit quickly, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Don't you start saying that scary stuff too!
:'''Arapandu:''' Nara and Paimon won't stay in Vana like Aranara do. Aranakula knows this.
:'''Aranakula:''' Aranakula knows... Nara (Traveler) and Paimon have other missions and will leave Vana, like other Nara...
:'''Arapandu:''' We have to complete the Aranara mission now and stop the Varuna Contraption in order to go down and remove those bad bugs and heal the machine.
:;(The vines shrink to create an opening)
:'''Paimon:''' The entrance to the underground... It's opened up!
:{{DIcon}} I feel like something's missing...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, that's true! Look at this giant, empty hole... Well, at least it's not a hole in our hearts.
:'''Arapandu:''' Let's go down together, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
:'''Arapandu:''' But we must be careful on the road ahead. It is dark and sunless underground. The place where seeds used to sleep peacefully has likely become the lair of the Fungi.
:'''Arapandu:''' Nara (Traveler) and Paimon are Aranara's friends. Aranara do not have great power, but if you are in danger, Aranara will try to protect you.
:'''Arabalika:''' Nothing to fear. Arabalika is around.
:'''Paimon:''' We've been through gales and high water! This won't scare us.
:'''Arakunti:''' There shouldn't be any great winds down there. Water, maybe, but no big waves.
:'''Paimon:''' Hm... So you're still taking our words at face value, huh, Arakunti...
:{{DIcon}} "Gales and high water" means that a person has been through a lot.
:'''Arakunti:''' Arakunti understands now. Paimon's words are difficult to understand.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon would say the same to you!
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, Fungi aren't scary at all! If this really is their lair... we'll have all-you-can-eat mushrooms for dinner tonight!
:'''Paimon:''' (Traveler), let's hurry down once you're ready!
----
;(Descend the tunnel)
:'''Paimon:''' This is a long way... What's the place down there?
:'''Arapandu:''' It's [[the Rain's End]].
:'''Paimon:''' ..."The Rain's End"? What a weird name.
:'''Arapandu:''' There is no rain here, and yet it's the birthplace of rain. The rains that purify Vana begin &mdash; and end &mdash; here.
:'''Arapandu:''' So... we can't let the bad bugs take this place.

;(Approach the center of the cavern)
:'''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;This is much deeper than the [[Ruins of Dahri]]... Paimon didn't expect this place to be so deep underground.
:'''Paimon:''' And there are so many spores! Just seeing them is unbearable enough...
:'''Arapandu:''' The spores are covering the Varuna Contraption...
:'''Aranakula:''' It must've been left by the bad guys... Ugh... The bad guys could be close by...
:'''Arabalika:''' Toughen up, Aranakula. Do not back down. We are already here. We solve the problem, whether it be spores or Fungi. This is all for Vana.
:'''Arakunti:''' The Varuna Contraption must be very sad to be covered by spores like this.
:'''Paimon:''' Yes... Being covered by spores... Just the thought of it is kinda scary...
:{{DIcon}} Let's hurry and clear the spores away.
:'''Paimon:''' Yup! We'll handle this just like when we cleaned the [[Yasna Monument]] up, eh?

;(Talk to Arapandu again)
:'''Arapandu:''' Aranara are not too late... but bad seeds grow faster than good seeds. Oh, Nara (Traveler), please clear the bad seeds away...
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The place is filled with spores and seems to have become the Fungi's lair. Clear the spores that are covering the Varuna Contraption.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Clear the spores)
:'''Paimon:''' Eek! Where did this guy come from? It's huge! And it looks really strong!
:'''Paimon:''' Is it angry because we cleared the spores away? Watch out, (Traveler)!
:'''Arapandu:''' It must see this place as its lair. The Varuna Contraption will go out of control if we don't get rid of it!
:'''Aranara:''' Nara (Traveler)! We are in this together!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The angry Fungus is going on a rampage. It must be the "bad bug" that the Aranara mentioned. Defeat the Fungus to move on.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Once the fungus' health reaches 50%)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! It's running away!
:'''Aranakula:''' N&mdash;Nara (Traveler)! It's going the other way... Catch up with it!
:'''Arankunti:''' Careful, Golden Nara! We do not know what waits for us.

;(Once the fungus' health reaches 50% again)
:'''Arabalika:''' Why, that mushroom!
:'''Paimon:''' Yikes! What kind of despicable mushroom is this? Is it trying to slow us down with these Fungi?
:'''Arapandu:''' Nara (Traveler)! The bad guy is running that way. We can't lose its trail!

;(Once the fungus' health reaches 50% yet again)
:'''Paimon:''' Running away again? Is there no end to this!?
:'''Arapandu:''' It's running over there! Arapandu feels it... It has already used up lots of its energy. Just a little more!

;(Approach the Varuna Contraption cavern)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? This place seems a little familiar... Have we circled back?
:'''Arapandu:''' Bad guy! Arapandu won't let you run away again!
:'''Arabalika:''' Nara (Traveler)! Let Arabalika help you!
:'''Aranakula:''' Aranakula is not powerful, but will try to help you!
:'''Arakunti:''' Paimon, you should also cheer for Nara (Traveler)!
:'''Paimon:''' O&mdash;oh! (Traveler)! Come on! You're so close! Don't lose to today's dinner!
----
;(After defeating the fungus)
:'''Paimon:''' W&mdash;We did it!
:'''Arapandu:''' The bad bugs plaguing the Varuna Contraption have been removed! Finally!

;(Approach Arapandu and the other Aranara)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks we're safe... for now?
:'''Arapandu:''' Nara (Traveler), thank you for your bravery. The bad bugs gnawing on the roots of the Varuna Contraption have been cleared away.
:'''Arapandu:''' The branches scattered all over Vana are also sending us their power. Now Aranara can heal the Varuna Contraption.
:{{DIcon}} It was no trouble.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon told you, the Fungi are nothing! Paimon wouldn't be scared even if there were ten more of them! Heh!
:{{DIcon}} Just treat it as a warm-up.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon knew you wouldn't be scared of the Fungi, (Traveler). Hehe...
:{{DIcon}} If there really were ten more of them, I'd just leave it to Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Come on. No way!
:'''Aranakula:''' Everyone was doing their best to fight the bad guys earlier. And then there was Paimon...
:'''Arakunti:''' Not a drop of effort!
:'''Paimon:''' That's not true! P&mdash;Paimon gave it her all to cheer for (Traveler)! C'mon, (Traveler), you felt Paimon's sincerity, didn't you!?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I did.
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, see? We're one heart and one mind!
:{{DIcon}} Not at all.
::'''Paimon:''' That can't be! You should've put more effort into feeling Paimon's sincerity... It was definitely there, you know!
:'''Arapandu:''' Anyway, Arapandu thanks Nara (Traveler) and Paimon for helping Aranara so much. Now it's Aranara's turn.
:'''Paimon:''' Hooray! We'll be able to say goodbye to those nose-tickling spores soon!
:;(Roots grow and the Varuna Contraption appears)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! The air is much cleaner now!
:{{DIcon}} I can breathe freely now.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, peace returns to the Ashavan Realm! Paimon doesn't know about those Fungi in the forest though...
:'''Arapandu:''' After that, the bad guys may leave, or they may not. But the Varuna Contraption has already been healed, and there won't be so many spores anymore. Aranara will not let the bad guys destroy Vana.
:'''Aranakula:''' The nurseries will be revived too, right...?
:'''Arabalika:''' But [[Marana]] is still here. Aranara have a lot to do.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh, you're so strict, Arabalika. We've finished one thing, haven't we? Just let Aranakula be happy for a bit!
:'''Arabalika:''' Hmph.
:{{DIcon}} Same old Arabalika.
:'''Paimon:''' *sigh*... Paimon doesn't know what will satisfy him.
:'''Arabalika:''' No sense of urgency. Paimon is careless. Will get into trouble.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon's heard that one before. Paimon's not careless! Paimon's always careful!
:{{DIcon}} Looks like somebody hasn't learned their lesson.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh right, (Traveler). Wasn't there something else we wanted to ask Arapandu?
:{{DIcon}} About the children of Vimara Village...
:'''Paimon:''' It's about the odd things that have happened in Vimara Village to the east. The children living there sometimes disappear for a period of time, but will always return safely...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's sure that you Aranara know more about the forest than we do. It would be great if you do know something.
:'''Arapandu:''' Strange things about Vimara Village... Arapandu doesn't know now, but Arapandu will make a note of it. Other Aranara might know.
:'''Arapandu:''' Arapandu will return to Vanarana later. Perhaps the answer will emerge then.
:'''Arapandu:''' About the Varuna Contraption... Nara (Traveler), now you know that Aranara music can control the contraption.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm. (Traveler), you've studied Aranara music before as well, right? Does that mean that we can control the Varuna Contraption too?
:'''Arapandu:''' Nara (Traveler), like [[Nara Varuna]], has been proven to be worthy of Aranara's friendship.
:'''Arapandu:''' Arapandu is willing to teach you the music to control the Varuna Contraption.
:'''Paimon:''' Great! But will we really have to go so deep underground every time we play...
:'''Arakunti:''' Paimon is not very smart. The Varuna Contraption gets power from all over Vana...
:{{DIcon}} So you can also control the Varuna Contraption from other parts of Vana.
:'''Paimon:''' Come on, that's Aranara trivia! You can't expect us to recall all that!

:'''You master the Rhythm of the Source Water.'''

:'''Arapandu:''' Nara (Traveler), Paimon, thank you for your help. Vana will never forget this, and neither will Aranara...
:{{DIcon}} I hope to see you at [[Festival Utsava]].
:'''Arapandu:''' We will meet again in Vanarana. May you have a carefree time, Golden Nara, and may [[Aramuhukunda]] watch over you.
:;(Quest ends)
----
;(Talk to Arakunti again)
:'''Arakunti:''' Golden Nara! Heeey ♪
:'''Arakunti:''' Mushrooms yummy! Hey hey ♪
:'''(Traveler):''' (Arakunti seems to be fully immersed in the music)

;(Talk to Arapandu again)
:'''Arapandu:''' Arapandu will look for answers about Vimara Village too. Please be patient.

;(Talk to Arabalika again)
:'''Arabalika:''' Hmph.
:'''Arabalika:''' ...
:'''Arabalika:''' Nara (Traveler). Do not be as careless as Paimon.

;(Talk to Aranakula again)
:'''Aranakula:''' Is Nara (Traveler) going to take care of the nursery with Aranakula? There is nothing there yet...
:'''Aranakula:''' But if you plant seeds, they will soon grow into beautiful flowers...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Prayer for Rain on the Fecund Land
|zhs     = 膏腴土地下的唤雨之曲
|zhs_rm  = Gāoyú Tǔdì Xià de Huànyǔ zhī Qū
|zht     = 膏腴土地下的喚雨之曲
|zht_rm  = Gāoyú Tǔdì Xià de Huànyǔ zhī Qū
|zh_tl   = The Song of Rain-Calling on the Fertile Land
|ja      = 沃野と雨乞いの曲
|ja_rm   = Yokuya to Amagoi no Kyoku
|ja_tl   = Fertile Fields and the Rain-Praying Song
|ko      = 비옥한 땅 아래, 비를 부르는 노래
|ko_tl   = Under Fertile Land, Rain-Calling Song
|es      = La invocación de la lluvia
|es_tl   = The Invocation of the Rain
|fr      = Pour la pluie sous la terre fertile
|fr_tl   = For the Rain Under the Fertile Land
|ru      = Молитва о дожде на плодородной земле
|ru_tl   = A Prayer for Rain on the Fertile Ground
|th      = บทเพลงเพรียกฝนใต้ผืนดินอุดมสมบูรณ์
|th_rm   = Bot-phleng Phriak Fon Tai Phuendin U-domsombun
|th_tl   = Under Fertile Land, Rain-Calling Song
|vi      = Khúc Ca Gọi Mưa Của Vùng Đất Màu Mỡ
|vi_tl   = The Rain-Calling Song of the Fertile Land
|de      = Ein Gebet für Regen auf fruchtbarem Land
|de_tl   = An Area For the Rain on the Horrifying Land
|id      = Lagu Pemanggil Hujan dari Tanah yang Subur
|id_tl   = Song of Calling the Rain from a Lush Dirt
|pt      = Canção Que Evoca a Chuva Sobre a Terra Fértil
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Verimli Topraklar İçin Yağmur Duası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Preghiera per la pioggia in una terra fertile
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:La invocación de la lluvia]]