{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20701
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission A Returning Customer.png
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|characters    = Siegfria; Traveler
|npc           = Siegfria
|requirement   = Complete [[Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip]]
|other         = 
* AR-Dependent Rewards
* Additional Rewards:
{{Card|Mora|1,800}}{{Card|Crystal Chunk|1|caption=Delicious Jade Parcels reward}}{{Card|White Iron Chunk|1|caption=Normal Jade Parcels reward}}
}}
'''''A Returning Customer''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Siegfria]]
#Cook [[Jade Parcels]]
#Give the Jade Parcels to Siegfria
#Talk to Siegfria

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}
On top of the Commission Rewards, you will also get {{Item|Mora|24|x=1800}} and depending on the quality of the dish, you will also get:
* '''Delicious''' - {{Item|Crystal Chunk|24|x=1}}
* '''Normal''' - {{Item|White Iron Chunk|24|x=1}}
(You will not get anything extra besides the 1,800 Mora when submitting a suspicious dish).

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Siegfria]] can't stop thinking about the delectable [[Jade Parcels]]. Oh how she wants to taste it again...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talking to Siegfria)
:'''Siegfria:''' How am I already hungry again...
:'''Siegfria:''' Oh, it's you! Wonderful. Do you still remember me?
:'''Siegfria:''' From the cook-off, with Xiangling? That was me, Siegfria!
:'''Siegfria:''' Hehe, do you remember now? Anyway, you've come at a great time. Could I... ask you to help me with something?
:{{DIcon}} What do you need?
:'''Siegfria:''' Do you still recall the Jade Parcels that you made the previous time?
:'''Siegfria:''' It was so delicious, I can still taste it, even now.
:'''Siegfria:''' So I wanted to give it a try and make some myself, but... it always feels like there's something missing...
:'''Siegfria:''' I feel like if I get to try it a few more times, I can recreate that flavor too!
:'''Siegfria:''' So, could I ask you to make some Jade Parcels for me to try?
:{{DIcon}} I'll see it done.
::'''Siegfria:''' Great! Thank you so much. I'll be waiting over here.
::'''Siegfria:''' Hehe... I'll finally be able to eat Jade Parcels again...
:{{DIcon}} Would you like anything else?
::'''Siegfria:''' Ugh, well... I'd also like to eat other things. But if I tried to eat everything, then I wouldn't be able to eat anything at all.
::'''Siegfria:''' So I'd like to get a firm grasp on how Jade Parcels taste first.
----
;(Talking to Siegfria while preparing the dish)
:'''Siegfria:''' This is great! I'll finally get to taste the Jade Parcels you make again.
:'''Siegfria:''' I do know the recipe, and I have been able to figure out how to make it, but it doesn't quite match the flavor it had when you made it.
:'''Siegfria:''' *sigh* If only you could make those Jade Parcels for me a few more times. There are still many intricacies to them that I have yet to work out.
----
;(Talking to Siegfria after making Jade Parcels)
:'''Siegfria:''' Are the Jade Parcels ready yet?
;(Submit dish)

;(Talking to Siegfria after submitting Jade Parcels)
:;(If delicious)
::'''Siegfria:''' ...Ah, they're all gone.
::'''Siegfria:''' The mouthfeel of those vegetables... the perfectly paired flavors of the ham and the lotus... and that soup...
::'''Siegfria:''' This is it — this is the flavor that I tasted the last time!
:;(If normal)
::'''Siegfria:''' The freshness of the ham, the mouthfeel of the vegetables, and this faint spiciness...
::'''Siegfria:''' Hmm, this is not bad. It's a really good serving of Jade Parcels!
:;(If suspicious)
::'''Siegfria:''' Ugh... These vegetables are so dry, and it feels like there are some ingredients that weren't cooked all the way through...
::'''Siegfria:''' It's a far cry from what I had before... is this some new method of cooking that you came up with?
::'''Siegfria:''' There's just something off about it... but I can still use it for reference.
:'''Siegfria:''' Thanks for coming over just to make me this dish. I need to go back and make some notes.
:'''Siegfria:''' Next we meet, I will definitely be able to make a batch of perfect Jade Parcels.
:'''Siegfria:''' When that time comes, do swing by to have a taste.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Returning Customer
|zhs     = 回头客
|zhs_rm  = Huítóukè
|zht     = 回頭客
|zht_rm  = Huítóukè
|zh_tl   = Regular Customer
|ja      = リピーター
|ja_rm   = Ripiitaa
|ja_tl   = Regular Customer
|ko      = 다시 찾아온 손님
|ko_tl   = A Returning Customer
|es      = Cliente frecuente
|es_tl   = Loyal Customer
|fr      = Client fidèle
|fr_tl   = Loyal Customer
|ru      = Постоянный клиент
|ru_tl   = A Regular Customer
|th      = รสชาติที่คิดถึง
|th_rm   = Rotchat thi Khitthueng
|th_tl   = A Nostalgic Flavor
|vi      = Khách Quen
|vi_tl   = Familiar Customer
|de      = Stammkunde
|de_tl   = Regular Customer
|id      = Tamu Langganan
|id_tl   = Loyal Guest
|pt      = Cliente Frequente
|pt_tl   = Frequent Customer
|tr      = Sadık Müşteri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Cliente abituale
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:Cliente frecuente]]
[[fr:Client fidèle]]
[[pt-br:Cliente Frequente]]
[[ru:Постоянный клиент]]