{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11031
|image         = Story Quest A Secretary in a Sea of Humanity.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Sinae Unicornis Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = Sea of Clouds, Sea of People
|character     = Ganyu
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = The Illuminated Beast of the Sea of Clouds
|next          = A Pact That Crosses Time
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*675;Mora*41,750;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*9
|characters    = Bolai; Dongsheng; Ganyu; Huixin; Master Lu; Paimon; Traveler; Uncle Tian
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Secretary in a Sea of Humanity''''' is the second part of {{Quest|Sea of Clouds, Sea of People}}.

==Steps==
# Accompany Ganyu to return to [[Liyue Harbor]]
# Stroll around Liyue Harbor's wharf
# Head to [[Yuehai Pavilion]] and speak to [[Huixin]]
# Go to the [[Wanyou Boutique]] and talk to [[Bolai]]
# Go to [[Fanmu Carpenter]]'s and speak with [[Master Lu]]
# Defeat the suspicious [[Fatui]] underling{{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire*0}}
# Clear the warehouse of its occupants
#* Wave 1:{{Enemy List|Blazing Axe Mitachurl;Hilichurl Grenadier*2;Hilichurl Berserker;Electro Hilichurl Shooter}}
#* Wave 2:{{Enemy List|Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl;Rock Shield Hilichurl Guard*2;Hilichurl Berserker*2}}
# Look for the {{Item|Invoice From Second Life|text=invoice}} from [[Second Life]]
# Return to Yuehai Pavilion and speak to Huixin
# Talk to [[Dongsheng]] at Second Life

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Caught between the world of humans and [[adepti]], Ganyu has descended into a funk. After she hits a snag in her plan to return to [[Jueyun Karst]], you follow Ganyu back to Liyue Harbor, intending to resolve her misunderstanding that she has been dismissed from her post...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Liyue Harbor)
:{{A|vo gylq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're finally back!
:{{A|vo gylq002 1 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Eh... I'm still...
:{{A|vo gylq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on, Ganyu, we're almost there. You don't want to turn back now, do you?
:{{A|vo gylq002 1 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I suppose you have a point. It would be quite impolite of me to leave the two of you now.
:{{A|vo gylq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! Where do you wanna go first then?
:{{A|vo gylq002 1 ganyu 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I've spent too much time in the mountains. The first thing that comes to my mind is the sea.
:{{A|vo gylq002 1 ganyu 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Let's go for a walk in the port.
:{{A|vo gylq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Happy to come with!

----
;(Approach the South Wharf)
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' The sound of the waves in this familiar port...
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' The smell of the sea breeze makes me nostalgic.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ganyu, you didn't leave Liyue for that long. Why do you look so moved?
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 ganyu 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Well, I used to be so busy. I haven't taken a stroll around here in a long time.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... That's true, Ganyu seemed to be working all the time.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 ganyu 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Well, when I think about my time here, I've spent most of it behind a desk, filing documents.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 ganyu 05.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' It put me in a certain mood &mdash; similar to the one I felt during my training in Jueyun Karst, in fact.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 uncletian 01.ogg}} '''[[Uncle Tian]]:''' Is that... It is! It's Lady Ganyu!
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 uncletian 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Hahaha... I wouldn't have thought I'd meet you here. You were always so terribly busy.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Lady Ganyu"? Why are you calling her that?
:{{DIcon}} It's a bit awkward.
:{{DIcon}} Little Miss Ganyu!
::{{A|vo gylq002 2 ganyu 06b.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Ah... Please don't also start calling me that...
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 ganyu 07.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Ahem... Allow me to introduce Uncle Tian, he is...
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 uncletian 03.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' That's alright, just tell them the truth. They have done so much for Liyue, after all, and I am the one who has yet to introduce myself.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 ganyu 08.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' ...Uncle Tian is a member of the [[Liyue Qixing]], the "Tianshu."
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What! This grandpa is a member of the Qixing?
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The same rank as [[Ningguang]]!?
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 uncletian 04.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Hush, now... I must ask for your discretion concerning my identity.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 uncletian 05.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Fishing in the port and strolling about are the greatest pleasures of my life. I have no wish to be followed around by those armed guards.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 uncletian 06.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' In most people's eyes, I'm just a forgetful and wordy old man.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 ganyu 09.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Uncle Tian is too modest. He's been around for a long time. There's no one who can replace a person of such noble character.
:{{DIcon}} Don't judge a book by its cover, they say...
:{{DIcon}} I'm trying to remember if I've ever messed with him...
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 uncletian 07.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Hahahaha... Ah, what an honor to receive such high praise from Lady Ganyu herself! I guess I must have done something right over the last... however many decades.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 ganyu 10.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Uncle Tian, please... A person of your standing should really stop calling me "Lady Ganyu"...
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 uncletian 08.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Uh, my apologies. It's not intentional, just a habit from my younger days.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 uncletian 09.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Thank you for looking after me when I first ascended to my position in the Qixing.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, so you've been friends for many decades now, huh?
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 ganyu 11.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Oh, I was just fulfilling my duties as the Qixing's secretary. It's nothing worthy of your gratitude.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 uncletian 10.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Talking about "secretaries"... *sigh* I don't know if I should bring it up. Ganyu, I believe you know my daughter, Huixin? She seems to be a bit... troubled, recently.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 ganyu 12.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Yes, she works at Yuehai Pavilion, and she's my junior. How can I help her?
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 uncletian 11.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Hehe, I don't know myself, really. She's all grown-up now and doesn't like to ask for my help.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 uncletian 12.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' May I trouble you to meet her at Yuehai Pavilion? She just needs a bit of guidance.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 ganyu 13.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' With pleasure. Solving the Qixing's problems has always been in my job description.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (She's back in character, just like that, huh...)
:{{DIcon}} As expected of a Qixing member, he's actually helping Ganyu.
:{{DIcon}} I'm afraid Ganyu didn't even notice.
:{{A|vo gylq002 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's move then! To Yuehai Pavilion!

;(Talk to Uncle Tian again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog gylq002 uncletian 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Tian:''' Eh, don't think too much about it. My daughter really needs Ganyu's help, and there's nothing more to it, hehe...

----
;(Talk to Huixin)
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 huixin 01.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Ms. Ganyu! It's been too long!
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 huixin 02.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' I don't know why, but seeing you brings me a sense of peace in these chaotic times.
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Indeed, it has been a while, Huixin. I'm flattered, but aren't you exaggerating a little?
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I heard that you've encountered some problems, and came to see if I could be of some help.
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 huixin 03.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' *sigh* My father asked you to come, didn't he?
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 huixin 04.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Abusing his status as a member of the Qixing to trouble you...
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 ganyu 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Hehe, don't worry. I'm always happy to help a junior colleague from Yuehai Pavilion.
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ganyu's not only a competent secretary but also a great mentor.
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 ganyu 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' So, what can you tell me about the problem?
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 huixin 05.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Uh, where should I start? I discovered something strange while organizing tax records...
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 huixin 06.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' There are obvious irregularities in the tax declarations of two stores: Second Life and Wanyou Boutique. However, whether I question the shopkeepers or check their accounts, I... I can't seem to make any progress with my investigation.
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 huixin 07.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Without any evidence, my hands are tied.
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 ganyu 05.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I see. It's not uncommon for merchants to be blinded by greed.
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 huixin 08.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Well, is there any solution you can advise?
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 ganyu 06.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Naturally. I've dealt with similar issues hundreds of times. Give me a moment to consider the best approach in this scenario...
:{{DIcon}} That's a thousand years of work experience for you...
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 ganyu 07.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Alright... Let's approach it this way, then: "Your enemy knows you best."
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 huixin 09.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 ganyu 08.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' If I remember correctly, Second Life and Wanyou Boutique are old business rivals, competing for market share due to their similar wares.
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 ganyu 09.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' In that case...
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 huixin 10.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' In that case... Ah, I know what you mean, Ms. Ganyu!
:{{DIcon}} I still don't get it.
::{{A|vo gylq002 3 huixin 11a.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Ms. Ganyu plans to let them expose each other.
:{{DIcon}} You want them to expose each other?
::{{A|vo gylq002 3 ganyu 10b.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Exactly.
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 ganyu 11.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Let's start with Wanyou Boutique. The owner's name is... Bolai, isn't it?
:{{A|vo gylq002 3 huixin 12.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Yes, you're right. Follow me, please!

----
;(Talk to Bolai)
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 01.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Aha, we meet again, Traveler. And you must be... from the Yuehai Pavilion?
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 02.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Hehe, I suppose you're about to place a big order. I'd be honored to offer you my wares.
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' That won't be necessary, Mr. Bolai. Wanyou Boutique's credit is not sufficient to accept orders directly from Yuehai Pavilion.
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Should we need to place such an order, we would certainly go to Second Life instead.
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 03.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' What! Second Life!?
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 04.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Ugh... That rascal Dongsheng, he's stealing all of my customers.
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 ganyu 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Well, Second Life's credit has always been excellent, and based on their tax records, their business is thriving...
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 05.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Hohoho... Tax records? Thriving?
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 ganyu 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Huh? Is there anything you'd like to share with us, Mr. Bolai?
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 06.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Don't let that rascal fool you. I know his dirty tricks best.
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 07.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' If you don't believe me, show me his tax records. I'm sure I'll find something fishy in there.
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 ganyu 05.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' You know Second Life's business so well?
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 08.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Of course! Their every transaction makes my blood boil!
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 09.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' I'd rather lose money myself than see that rascal make some!
:{{DIcon}} Is that how competitors behave?
:{{DIcon}} That's real petty!
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 ganyu 06.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Well then, please look over this tax record. We'll review Second Life's credit based on your observations.
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 10.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Oh, of course. I'll read very, very carefully...
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 11.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Line by line and word by word...
:{{Black Screen|Bolai takes some time to examine Second Life's tax record...}}
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 12.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Ah! Here! I found it!
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 13.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' That exquisite, wooden furniture set he bought from Fanmu Carpenter's at the beginning of the year? He even flaunted it in front of me!
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 14.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Look at the tax record, not a word about that furniture. And he kept all the profit for himself!
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 huixin 01.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' I see. He must've gotten rid of all the documents related to this transaction. No wonder there was no trace of it.
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 15.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Hmph, I told you so. Just as I expected. I can't wait to watch him squirm.
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 huixin 02.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' But Ms. Ganyu... Despite all this, can't he just flat out deny ever making this transaction?
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 ganyu 07.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' He might have destroyed all the evidence, but I believe the supplier, Fanmu Carpenter's, might still have some proof of it.
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 16.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Aha, you're right! Master Lu from Fanmu Carpenter's must still have the invoice. He wouldn't be swayed by the likes of Dongsheng.
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 ganyu 08.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I hope so. Let's go to Fanmu Carpenter's. It should be near [[Qingce Village]].
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 ganyu 09.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Thank you for shining a light on this case, Mr. Bolai.
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 bolai 17.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Oh, please, please, that's nothing. I just hope you won't be lenient with him once you find the evidence. That's the best way to show your gratitude.
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 huixin 03.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' *sigh* I'm afraid I can't go to Qingce Village...
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 ganyu 10.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' It's alright, Huixin. You can stay in Liyue Harbor and finish your work. Leave the rest to us.
:{{A|vo gylq002 4 huixin 04.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Ah, that's so considerate of you. Still, I'm sorry to trouble you like that.

----
;(Talk to Master Lu)
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 masterlu 01.ogg}} '''Master Lu:''' Ah, welcome, welcome. How can an old carpenter like me help you?
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 masterlu 02.ogg}} '''Master Lu:''' I'm usually happy to take new apprentices, but I'm afraid I can't take too many at once. But I'm always around if you're keen for a chat...
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Qingce really is full of lonely old people.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 masterlu 03.ogg}} '''Master Lu:''' Hey, I heard that, flying one!
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon's sorry!
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Master Lu, we've just come to see you and ask you some questions.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 masterlu 04.ogg}} '''Master Lu:''' Hahaha... Ah, don't worry, I know &mdash; you're from the Yuehai Pavilion, right?
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 masterlu 05.ogg}} '''Master Lu:''' Why would the Qixing care about an old man like me? Well, whatever. You said that you want to ask me something &mdash; ask away, then.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Hehehe, you're very direct, Master Lu. I will be plain &mdash; we're looking for proof that Dongsheng from Second Life has been evading taxation.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 ganyu 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Dongsheng bought some furniture from you at the beginning of the year. Do you still have the invoice or any other record of that transaction?
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 masterlu 06.ogg}} '''Master Lu:''' Oh, it's about Second Life. It was a big order, how could I forget?
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 ganyu 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Sure enough, Mr. Bolai was right.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 ganyu 05.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Could we perhaps borrow that invoice? We won't have any evidence to bring against Dongsheng otherwise.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 masterlu 07.ogg}} '''Master Lu:''' Of course you can.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 masterlu 08.ogg}} '''Master Lu:''' But... I'm not so sprightly anymore.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, what's that supposed to mean?
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 masterlu 09.ogg}} '''Master Lu:''' I only do my woodwork and display finished wares here at Fanmu Carpenter's.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 masterlu 10.ogg}} '''Master Lu:''' As for old documents and such, I keep them all in a warehouse, west of here.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 masterlu 11.ogg}} '''Master Lu:''' But some troublemakers have recently moved there, invading my warehouse. I tried to drive them away, but they just wouldn't leave...
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 masterlu 12.ogg}} '''Master Lu:''' Since you need that invoice anyway... it may best to get it from the warehouse yourself. And while you're at it, you can teach those louts a lesson.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 ganyu 06.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' So that's what happened. I see.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 masterlu 13.ogg}} '''Master Lu:''' I'll leave you to it then. I need to get back to work.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Take back the warehouse, find the invoice... Time for us to show our stuff in a fight!
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 ganyu 07.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Wait. I think I saw one of those troublemakers... Ah, over there!
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Paimon sees them, too. It's one of the Fatui!
:{{DIcon}} What are they doing here?
:{{DIcon}} What is he trying to do?
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 ganyu 08.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' They must be plotting something against Liyue Harbor.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe they're the scoundrels who invaded Master Lu's warehouse.
:{{DIcon}} Shouldn't we observe him for a while first?
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 ganyu 09.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Ever since [[Osial]] attacked the harbor, the Fatui's reputation in Liyue has reached rock bottom.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 ganyu 10.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' We won't cause a serious diplomatic crisis by getting into some small scuffle with the Fatui within our borders. You need not worry.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 ganyu 11.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Besides, I can already feel their malicious intentions. Consider it...
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 ganyu 12.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' ...My intuition as the secretary of the Qixing.
:{{A|vo gylq002 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then what are we waiting for? Let's go teach him a lesson!

;(Talk to Master Lu again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog gylq002 masterlu 01.ogg}} '''Master Lu:''' Don't forget to drive those hooligans away. It'll save me the trouble of asking for the [[Millelith]]'s help too.
----
;(After battle with the Fatui Skirmisher ends)
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 skirmisher 01.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' *cough*... You... Scoundrels...
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I think you've had enough. About time you tell us your plan, no?
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 skirmisher 02.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Plan... What plan?
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' We just taught you a lesson, but clearly, you weren't paying attention.
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' If you don't spill whatever you're scheming against Liyue...
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' We'll be forced to use harsher methods.
:{{DIcon}} I think we were harsh enough.
:{{DIcon}} Quick, tell us everything!
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 skirmisher 03.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' I'm telling the truth. There's no scheme.
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 05.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' If you're telling the truth, then why would you, a member of the Fatui, suddenly appear on the outskirts of Qingce Village?
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 skirmisher 04.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Fine. If you really want to know, then, well... I was about to...
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' About to... what?
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 skirmisher 05.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' ...Pick [[Berries]] over there.
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 06.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Um...
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 07.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I must admit, I didn't expect you to come up with such a silly excuse.
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 skirmisher 06.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' It's not an excuse! I rarely have a free morning, and I heard that there were fresh Berries in this area...
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 skirmisher 07.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Think about it. I'm here alone and Qingce Village is nothing more than a retirement spot for old people. What could I be scheming, anyway?
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Judging by how he's looking at us, it does seem like he feels like he's the victim here.
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 08.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' So you have nothing to do with the occupation of Fanmu Carpenter's warehouse?
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 skirmisher 08.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Fanmu Carpenter's warehouse? Where is that?
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 skirmisher 09.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' I swear, I only came here to pick Berries, that's all.
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So it wasn't the Fatui who took over Master Lu's warehouse, after all...
:{{DIcon}} We might have blamed him for nothing.
:{{DIcon}} So that's it?
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 09.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I also feel... that he's telling the truth.
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, um... Whoopsie...
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 10.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I misjudged the situation and offended you. My apologies.
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 11.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Our... Uh... Our exchange only represents my personal views. If you wish it so, you can file a complaint to the [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]].
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 skirmisher 10.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Exchange!?
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 skirmisher 11.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' (T-this woman! She's clearly aware that the Ministry of Civil Affairs wouldn't side with us Fatui...)
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 12.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Yes, precisely. As an alternative, you may... try to solve this problem with force once again.
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's in~!
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 skirmisher 12.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' D&mdash;Darn you... How can you wear that solemn face while bullying me like this...
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 13.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' What's your choice then?
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 skirmisher 13.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' ...I'll get back to my Berries.
:{{DIcon}} Good choice.
:{{DIcon}} The Fatui get what they deserve!
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a bittersweet ending!
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 14.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I made a laughingstock out of myself. I might've spent too much time away from work &mdash; my intuition is not as accurate as it used to be.
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No worries! It's always nice to teach the Fatui a lesson!
:{{A|vo gylq002 7 ganyu 15.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Hehe... Let's keep moving towards Master Lu's warehouse. Our goal is to get the invoice, after all.

----
;(Approach the warehouse)
:{{A|vo gylq002 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this is the warehouse. Seems like those troublemakers were nothin' more than a few hilichurls.
:{{A|vo gylq002 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's show them what we've got!

;(After defeating the occupants)
:{{A|vo gylq002 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All clear~ Quick, let's look around for the invoice.

;(Investigate first location)
:{{A|vo gylq002 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This one is... an invoice from [[Wanmin Restaurant]]. Some dining tables and chairs. That's not it.

;(Investigate second location)
:{{A|vo gylq002 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This one is... [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]]'s... Oh, so they make coffins, too...

;(Investigate third location)
:{{A|vo gylq002 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This one is... Second Life's! We finally found it!
;(Obtain {{Item|Invoice From Second Life}})
:{{A|vo gylq002 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's bring this invoice back to Huixin.

----
;(Talk to Huixin)
:{{A|vo gylq002 10 huixin 01.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Ah! Ms. Ganyu, you're back.
:{{A|vo gylq002 10 huixin 02.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' I hope it wasn't too much trouble rushing about like that...
:{{A|vo gylq002 10 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I promised to help you and I'll keep my word. Nothing to worry about.
:{{A|vo gylq002 10 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Look, it's the invoice for the transaction between Second Life and Fanmu Carpenter's. We've brought it back.
:{{A|vo gylq002 10 huixin 03.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' *sigh* Thank you so much! Now we can solve this problem.
:{{A|vo gylq002 10 ganyu 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Agreed. How about we go to Second Life and... have a nice chat with the owner?

----
;(Talk to Dongsheng)
:'''Dongsheng:''' Welcome, welcome to Second Life. What would you like to buy?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, about these tax records...
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 dongsheng 01.ogg}} '''Dongsheng:''' Isn't it... Huixin from the Yuehai Pavilion? I remember you.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 dongsheng 02.ogg}} '''Dongsheng:''' I told you that all of my transactions are included in the records. My tax declarations are scrupulous, as well.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 dongsheng 03.ogg}} '''Dongsheng:''' I do hope that my business won't be affected by any groundless accusations.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Groundless accusations? Mr. Dongsheng, you seem very sure of yourself.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' But I sincerely advise that you cease this behavior immediately. It is liable to affect the fine you'll need to pay in the end.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 dongsheng 04.ogg}} '''Dongsheng:''' Ah... No, no, I'm an honest merchant. I would never get involved with any fraudulent sources of profit.
:{{DIcon}} You've got no shame.
:{{DIcon}} Not so confident now, are you?
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Haven't I made myself clear? Mr. Dongsheng, you've already been proven guilty of tax evasion. I just came here to see if you'd confess.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 dongsheng 05.ogg}} '''Dongsheng:''' What? P&mdash;Proven guilty? H&mdash;How come? That's impossible. Absolutely absurd!
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's talking without rhyme or reason. Must be crumbling under Ganyu's pressure.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Time for the finishing blow!
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 huixin 01.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Mr. Dongsheng, can you tell me what this is?
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 dongsheng 06.ogg}} '''Dongsheng:''' I... It... It's an invoice from Fanmu Carpenter's!
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 dongsheng 07.ogg}} '''Dongsheng:''' I... I'm... Master Lu, he... I didn't...
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 huixin 02.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Do you admit to tax evasion? This transaction was absent from the tax record.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 dongsheng 08.ogg}} '''Dongsheng:''' *sigh* I didn't think you'd find out. I didn't leave a single trace.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Indeed, we wouldn't have found out if it weren't for Mr. Bolai's aid.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 dongsheng 09.ogg}} '''Dongsheng:''' Bolai? That imp from Wanyou Boutique... So he told on me behind my back!
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 dongsheng 10.ogg}} '''Dongsheng:''' Hmph, he's got his own share of dirty laundry...
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 05.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Oh? Mr. Dongsheng, I'd like to hear a little more about this "dirty laundry." Would you care to elaborate?
:{{Black Screen|Dongsheng exposes Wanyou Boutique's tax machinations...}}
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 06.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I don't think you'll need my guidance for what comes next.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 huixin 03.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Yes, thank you, Ms. Ganyu! I can take it from here.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 07.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Hehe. That's good.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 huixin 04.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' *sigh* I must say, you're truly impressive, Ms. Ganyu.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 huixin 05.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' "Your enemy knows you best."
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 huixin 06.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' To think &mdash; you came up with this plan and executed it so masterfully.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 08.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Hehe. It's actually one of your father's &mdash; the Tianshu's &mdash; old tricks. I just took some inspiration from it.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 huixin 07.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' M&mdash;My father!
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 09.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Pitting your opponent against their enemies and watching them drag each other down from an advantageous position.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 10.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' That's how Uncle Tian managed to keep his position in the Qixing secure for so many years.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 11.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I figured that as Uncle Tian's daughter, you'd naturally grasp your father's strategies.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 12.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' So I decided to use one of your father's tricks and play it out for you to see.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 huixin 08.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' *sigh* I can see it now... Clearly, I still have a lot to learn about my father.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 huixin 09.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' I'm really grateful, Ms. Ganyu! Heh, you're the kindest mentor I've ever had! Thank you!
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ganyu's solved both Huixin's work and family problems. Two birds with one stone!
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 huixin 10.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Oh, you've helped me so much. You must... You must allow me to repay your kindness...
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 13.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Ah, that's not necessary. No need to be so serious. It was nothing, really.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 huixin 11.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Then... let me treat you to a meal, hmm? The Traveler and Paimon are invited as well. I appreciate your help!
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! Come on, Ganyu, just say yes! Let's eat!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, don't forget your manners.
::{{A|vo gylq002 11 paimon 05a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, come on, it's just a meal!
:{{DIcon}} Let's wait for Ganyu's decision.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 14.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' If it's just a meal... there's no reason for me to decline. It'll be my pleasure, Huixin.
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee!
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 huixin 12.ogg}} '''Huixin:''' Actually, I've already booked [[Xinyue Kiosk]]. I need a moment to prepare everything first. Let's meet there in a while!
:{{A|vo gylq002 11 ganyu 15.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Hmm, alright. We dare not refuse such generosity.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = A Secretary in a Sea of Humanity
|zhs      = 人之海的秘书
|zhs_rm   = Rén zhī Hǎi de Mìshū
|zht      = 人之海的秘書
|zht_rm   = Rén zhī Hǎi de Mìshū
|zh_tl    = Secretary of the Sea of People
|ja       = 人の海の秘書
|ja_rm    = Hito no Umi no Hisho
|ja_tl    = Secretary of Human Sea
|ko       = 인간의 바다 속의 비서
|ko_rm    = Ingan-ui Bada Sok-ui Biseo
|ko_tl    = Secretary of the Sea of People
|es       = Una secretaria en un mar de humanos
|es_tl    = A Secretary in a Sea of Humans
|fr       = Une secrétaire dans la marée humaine
|fr_tl    = A Secretary in the Flood of People
|ru       = Секретарь в море смертных
|ru_tl    = A Secretary in a Sea of Mortals
|th       = เลขานุการในหมู่ผู้คน
|th_rm    = Le-kha-nu-karn nai Mu Phukhon
|th_tl    = A Secretary in a Sea of People
|vi       = Thư Ký Trong Biển Người
|vi_tl    = Secretary in the Sea of People
|de       = Sekretärin Menschenmeer
|de_tl    = Secretary Sea of People
|id       = Sekretaris di Lautan Manusia
|id_tl    = Secretary Amidst the Sea of People
|pt       = A secretária do Mar de Pessoas
|pt_tl    = A Secretary of the Sea of People
|tr       = İnsanlık Denizinde Bir Sekreter
|tr_tl    = A Secretary in the Sea of Humanity
|it       = Una segretaria in un mare di umanità
|it_tl    = A Secretary in a Sea of Humanity
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

[[es:Una secretaria en un mar de humanos]]
[[ja:人の海の秘書]]
[[pt-br:A secretária do Mar de Pessoas]]