{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40029
|image         = Event Quest A Secret Born From Ashes.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Shadows Amidst Snowstorms
|actNum        = III
|startLocation = [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Dragonspine
|prev          = The Shadows Deepen
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Hero's Wit*2;Mora*20,000;Snowman Torso: Sitting Pretty*1
|characters    = Albedo; Amber; Bennett; Cyrus (Mondstadt); Eula; Joel; Joserf; Paimon; Reckless Pallad; Timaeus; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Secret Born From Ashes''''' is the third quest of the [[Shadows Amidst Snowstorms]] Event.

==Steps==
# Head for Albedo's campsite
# Return to the adventurer camp
# Talk to Cyrus
# Go to Mondstadt's alchemy store

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You return to Dragonspine with your tale to meet Albedo at the encampment. The hitherto unknown secret may yet lie buried on this mysterious and perilous snowy mountain...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(On login)
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess what? Paimon's story is finished! Let's go see Albedo again!

;(Approach Albedo's camp)
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Traveler, Paimon.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I suppose your story is ready.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup yup! How about you? Do you need some more time?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' No need. I am also ready to tell my story.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon calls dibs! Paimon first!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Please, go ahead.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, here goes!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Once upon a time, there was an evil researcher who went into the mountains and did a crazy experiment on whopperflowers to transform their appearance. After a lot of pain and suffering, the whopperflowers finally took on a human form. Then, they stood by the side of the mountain to wait for unsuspecting bypassers...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' To whoever spoke to them, they would ask some questions, such as: "Who am I?" "Who are you?"
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If the bypasser got the wrong answer... The last sound they'd make would be a "yelp" before the whopperflower ate them alive in one bite!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Oh, truly frightening.
:{{DIcon}} Yes, Paimon is truly frightening.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the... You two aren't scared at all!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe I'm just really tough, I don't know.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't go nitpicking, okay! If you didn't like the story, go write your own.
:{{DIcon}} Ooh, in that case, I would add some horror elements in...
::{{DIcon}} After the whopperflowers eat someone...
::{{DIcon}} They would turn into that person!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' In other words, the whopperflowers would ambush and then completely replace their victims.
:{{DIcon}} And then adopt their newfound identity.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And then what? Go back to where the person lives? Enter their home!? Eat their whole family!? Aaaah!!!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, Paimon made up this story, but now Paimon's the one who's scared by it...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It's a good story. May I write it down? I may bring it up in future conversations.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What for? Just to scare people with?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You've got a real mean streak, Albedo!
:{{DIcon}} So what's your story?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Mine is a little longer than yours. It starts with an alchemist.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' A great alchemist once created Subject One. Subject One was her proudest achievement, and successfully blended into human society. No one ever would have thought that this friend of theirs was in fact a synthetic human.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' However, unbeknownst to Subject One, the alchemist had tried the same experiment many times before he had come into being. Some of the rejects from failed experiments had been discarded, but had not died.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Subject Two was one such failed experiment. He was swallowed by a great dragon that came to rest upon a snowswept mountain. Many years later, he was resurrected by the dragon's mysterious power.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' He saw all kinds of people on the mountain, including... Subject One, who had somehow, miraculously, blended in among them.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Never in Subject Two's wildest imagination had he thought it possible for experimental life forms such as they to deceive everyone so successfully. He saw the way humans accepted Subject One as a friend, witnessed their affection as they addressed him by name.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 15.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This was what Subject Two wanted. Now, all that Subject Two desired was to replace Subject One and take the joy of his existence for himself.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhhh... Th&mdash;This is giving Paimon the chills. It's so scary...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 16.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Subject Two began to unfold his plan. He stole Subject One's books and notes and studied all that Subject One had learned from the alchemist. Subject Two was highly intelligent and he learned quickly.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 17.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' He changed his face into an exact replica of Subject One's face. Then, he found a plant with mimicry capabilities and transformed it using dragon blood and alchemy.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 18.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' And so, not only did Subject Two transform his own appearance to perfectly match that of Subject One, he also created a third entity: Subject Three.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? There's three of them now!?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 19.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But Subject Two wanted to become a perfected human. So, he erased the mark on both his and Subject Three's necks, for these marks were symbols of imperfection.
:{{DIcon}} He purposely erased it?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 20.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' In my view, it was probably a subconscious act. An instinct.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 21.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' He so desperately craved to become a perfect human being that he forgot something: Human beings are defined by their flaws.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 22.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Subject Two's plan was meticulously crafted. Subject Three would draw Subject One's attention. After Subject One disposed of Subject Three, he would assume the threat had now disappeared, and would let his guard down.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 23.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The next moment that Subject One was alone, Subject Two would make his move. He would eliminate Subject One and become the only one remaining.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 24.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' He would secretly replace the Subject One of everyone's memories, and inherit his identity, residence, clothing, sword, name, and friends.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 25.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' People would have no idea that the individual they knew had become somebody else from one day to the next.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, uhh, this is way too scary... Paimon's never gonna be able to trust anyone again...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 26.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But just before Subject Two could carry out his plan, a unique stranger entered the mix. Subject Two tried to make contact with this person, but found that they could somehow sense he was different from Subject One.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 27.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' What's wrong? Are you scared?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What happened then? What happened to the stranger?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 28.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' He became a new stage in Subject Two's plan. One more person that Subject Two had to dispose of.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 29.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It's as if there were three identical roses in a garden. Only one of the three was a fine specimen, while the other two were defective specimens that bore poisonous thorns.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 30.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' In all the world, only the gardener who tended to them could tell which was the good specimen.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 31.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' People do not like poisonous plants. Only a perfect rose can fetch a high price. If the inferior specimens wanted to conceal the fact of their worthlessness, they would have to take the gardener out of the picture using their poisonous thorns.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 32.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This is exactly what Subject Two was thinking. So he hid in the shadows and waited patiently. Maybe soon, he would get his chance to become truly human.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (This is not just a story...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (These are real events. Albedo is trying to tell me the cruel and unbelievable truth.)
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, that was intense. So what happened after that? Did Subject Two's plan succeed? Uhh, Paimon can't bear thinking about it...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 33.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Fortunately, it is just a story, and even in this story, Subject Two did not succeed. But you can never let your guard down on Dragonspine.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 34.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Monsters mutated with Durin's power and blood are also creatures of Rhinedottir, just like me. You must beware of all such creatures.
:{{DIcon}} Don't say that! You're not a monster, you're my friend.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 35.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I'm glad to hear that. It's okay. I know what I am. You and I are both "different," so there is no need for me to hide the truth from you.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 36.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The only thing is that sometimes, when I think about how mighty the power of alchemy is, I feel so small.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 37.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' As beings who set foot in this world, how arrogant are we in desiring to control our destiny, and in desiring to create?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 38.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Is creation an arrogant act, Traveler? If not, why do we call the ones that created us and control us, "gods"?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 39.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' If it is, then what qualifies us to call ourselves creators? How far must we take our reverence and respect, and what purpose does it serve?
:{{DIcon}} How did you feel when you took out the impostor?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 40.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Nothing special. But...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 41.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...Whenever I think about it, I feel a twinge of grief.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Poor Albedo...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 ambor 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Helloooo! Traveler! Are you here?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, is that Amber?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 eula 01.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Thought we might find you here.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' We're here to deliver a message from Cyrus. There's gonna be a big event down at the base camp, and they want you there too, Traveler.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 eula 02.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Winter camp is nearing its end. Apparently, even provisional instructors are required to attend.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like we need to go, Albedo. Bye for now.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 albedo 42.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Then I won't keep you. I have some things to attend to here, so forgive me for not seeing you down.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Don't worry about it! There've been no issues getting up and down the mountain recently.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 1 eula 03.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Is everyone ready? Let's not keep them waiting.

;(Talk to Albedo again)
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs105 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Go ahead. You're one of their instructors, no?
----
;(Approach the adventurer camp)
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Who is this guy...
:{{DIcon}} Is he... Joel's father?
:{{DIcon}} A gigantic version of Joel...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Allow me to introduce Joserf. He's Joel's father.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joel 01.ogg}} '''Joel:''' Dad! This is that traveler I was telling you about. The traveler's helped me out loads in the past, and this time we even built a snowman together.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joserf 01.ogg}} '''Joserf:''' Joel has told me everything about you. I can't thank you enough.
:{{DIcon}} I'm glad you're finally reunited...
:{{DIcon}} I'm glad you're okay...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, this is amazing!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a second. Why is Cyrus discreetly wiping tears away, and what is Pallad doing here?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Pallad is the hero of the hour this time! Go on, Pallad, tell us what happened in your own words.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 recklesspallad 01.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' Okay... *clears throat*...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 recklesspallad 02.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' The weather was fine on that fateful day, and I had a feeling that lady luck was smiling down on me. So I trusted my gut and set off to explore somewhere new. Somewhere dangerous. Because where there is great danger, there is also great treasure.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why does this sound so hard to believe...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 recklesspallad 03.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' But I had only been away from the group for a very short while, when...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 recklesspallad 04.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' I fell down a slope and just started rolling...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Uh-oh...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' (Did my bad luck rub off on him when we ran into each other on the mountain?)
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 recklesspallad 05.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' The place I fell to was somewhere I didn't recognize, and I'd sustained a few injuries. I remember thinking to myself: "This is the worst luck I've ever had in my whole life"...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' (Uhh...)
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 recklesspallad 06.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' ...Then I met Joserf. He'd heard the sound of me falling and came out to see what was going on!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Huh...?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so it was completely by chance, then.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 recklesspallad 07.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' I thought he must have been someone from the Adventurers' Guild here for the event. But after a few words of conversation, it was clear that he was having memory problems. He didn't even know his own name.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 recklesspallad 08.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' The temperature was freezing, and there was no time to deal with all that there and then, so I convinced him to come back to the camp with me and figure everything else out after we got there.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 recklesspallad 09.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' We got back to the camp, ran into Joel, and the moment he saw him, he froze for a second, with this completely stunned expression on his face, and then he started crying out: "Dad! Dad!" That's when Joserf suddenly started to remember.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joserf 02.ogg}} '''Joserf:''' My memory has still not fully recovered, but Joel and his mother... they are the only ones that I will not... no, that I cannot forget.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joel 02.ogg}} '''Joel:''' Daddy...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joserf 03.ogg}} '''Joserf:''' Daddy's right here, Joel. Daddy's right here.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Joserf, don't you remember anything else at all?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[The Boar Princess]], [[Lost in the Snow|feeding the foxes]]...?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joserf 04.ogg}} '''Joserf:''' I'm sorry, I have no recollection. Maybe it's because of the head trauma? I'm not sure...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joserf 05.ogg}} '''Joserf:''' I woke up and found myself covered in blood. My things were gone and there was nothing to indicate who I was or how I got there.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joserf 06.ogg}} '''Joserf:''' I crawled into a cave and settled in for a slow recovery. After my legs and feet were a little better, my hunting skills were what kept me alive.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joel 03.ogg}} '''Joel:''' Dad... I was so worried about you.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joserf 07.ogg}} '''Joserf:''' I'm alright now, Joel. Don't cry, daddy's not going anywhere. I'm here to stay.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah... This is good... This is good...
:{{DIcon}} All's well that ends well.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 recklesspallad 10.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' You know what though, I definitely think my luck got worse after running into Bennett on the mountain.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I knew it! Urghh... I... I just...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 recklesspallad 11.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' No, no, I just meant, if it weren't for you, there's no way I ever would've run into Joserf on a mountain this huge!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 recklesspallad 12.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' Besides, we got back safely, didn't we? So don't blame yourself. Maybe sometimes miracles can only happen when you get just unlucky enough.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...Pallad... Hehe, when did you become such a smooth talker, huh?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 recklesspallad 13.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' Huh? Am I? I&mdash;I was just... telling the truth...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joel 04a.ogg}}<!-- {{A|vo eqxs105 3 joel 04b.ogg}} --> '''Joel:''' Oh, yeah &mdash; I wanna say thank-you to the Traveler, Uncle Cyrus, Aunty Eula, and Aunty Amber. Thanks everyone.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joel 05.ogg}} '''Joel:''' You all helped look after me, and I'll always remember it.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joel 06.ogg}} '''Joel:''' But I guess I can't take the snowman with me, or it'll melt once it leaves Dragonspine... it's such a shame...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 eula 01.ogg}} '''Eula:''' ...Oh, I can help with that. One moment.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Eula?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 eula 02.ogg}} '''Eula:''' ...Here. Take this. It's powdered rime &mdash; just add it to your snowman, and it will never melt.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joel 07.ogg}} '''Joel:''' Wow! Really? This is awesome! You're the best, Aunty Eula!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joel 08.ogg}} '''Joel:''' Dad, I have an unmeltable snowman now! Hahaha, how cool is that!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joserf 08.ogg}} '''Joserf:''' How can I ever repay you all...?
:{{DIcon}} Don't mention it.
:{{DIcon}} We are all delighted for you.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joserf 09.ogg}} '''Joserf:''' Thank you all. Thank you from the bottom of my heart...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joel 09.ogg}} '''Joel:''' Dad, I wanna go move the snowman. Can we do it now, please?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 joserf 10.ogg}} '''Joserf:''' Okay. I'll be leaving with Joel now. I'm sure I'll see you all another day.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 cyrus 01.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Very well, very well... It's time for Pallad and I to have another discussion concerning his breaches of adventurer discipline.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 recklesspallad 14.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' Huh? B&mdash;But Cyrus... I think I kinda made up for my mistakes this time, y'know...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See you guys.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 eula 03.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Oh, I made this for you and Amber. Think of it as a winter souvenir.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Are you sure? This must be really important to you.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 eula 04.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Come on, now, just take it. No need to make such a fuss.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, now our snowman won't melt either. Great!
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, Eula.
:{{DIcon}} I'll treasure it.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 eula 05.ogg}} '''Eula:''' ...You're welcome. Just keep it, that's all I ask.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 eula 06.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Amber and I have some business to attend to now. See you later.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See you!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Everyone's gone. Seems like they've all got their own stuff to do now...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! You know what? We've been on Dragonspine all this time, and somehow Paimon still forgot to ask Albedo about how to make a fruit jucifier machine that can keep the juice fresh... Ugh...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe we should try Timaeus again. He does seem pretty eager to please, after all!

----
;(Approach the alchemy store)
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Timaeus!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 timaeus 01.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Traveler and Paimon. What can I do for you?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 timaeus 02.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Wait a minute... You've got that mischievous look on your face... you're not still thinking about that ridiculous juicer thing, are you!?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Timaeus, will you help us?
:{{DIcon}} There's no "us" in this situation, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} I really have no stake in this either way.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 timaeus 03.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Well, if the Traveler isn't really interested then, uh, maybe I'll give this one a pass... It's just the weirdest request ever...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nooo, but Paimon's Sunsettias are gonna go to waste without it!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 timaeus 04.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' In the time it would take me to research something like that, I could probably pick those Sunsettias again ten times over...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' New research project, Timaeus?
:{{DIcon}} Hmm?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' We meet again.
;(Camera pans to the mark on Albedo's neck as he walks up)
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 timaeus 05.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Albedo! Thank goodness. So the situation is, Paimon wants a machine that can turn fruit into juice and keep the juice fresh. I mean, surely it's&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Majorly important, that's what it is! If you can manage to invent this, we'll never have to worry about fruit going bad ever again!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 timaeus 06.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' That's impossible! ...
;(Camera pans to Albedo's neck, which no longer has the mark)
;(A flashback plays &mdash; the Traveler recalls not seeing the mark on Albedo's neck)
:{{DIcon}} (...!?)
:{{DIcon}} (Wait, his neck!?)
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Turning fruit into juice is not hard, but keeping it fresh is more difficult. But if you simply want to keep the fruit from rotting, there are many ways to achieve this.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Right, Traveler?
;(The mark on Albedo's neck reappears)
:{{DIcon}} (!!!)
:{{DIcon}} Your neck...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The mark is back... Is this a prank!?)
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What about his neck?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' What's wrong? Is there something on my neck?
:{{DIcon}} ...No, it's fine.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' From the look on your face, it's as if you thought I had just played a practical joke on you that was in exceedingly poor taste.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (So it WAS a prank!)
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo, you were saying? How do you stop fruit from going bad?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Well, one way would be to bury your fruit on Dragonspine, where the snow never melts all year round.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But then Paimon won't be able to eat them!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' You could always live on Dragonspine.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, no, too cold for Paimon...
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Or you can give the fruit to me, and I would take it to Dragonspine for you.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But since you don't like the cold, you'd have to send someone else to pick them up when you want them.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This is where you come in, Traveler.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Suddenly sounds a lot more feasible with other people doing all the work... Okay then! Shall we go with that idea?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Fruit buried on Dragonspine will stay fresh for much longer. However, it is also possible that the fruit will sprout and grow into fruit trees.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Who knows, maybe the next time you visit, it will have grown into an orchard. You can water the trees, add fertilizer, and when they finally bear fruit, you will have some fresh Sunsettias.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahhhh...!? No way!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then Paimon'll have to be a gardener. That's not the goal here!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Oh?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 15.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I don't think being a gardener is so bad.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (A gardener...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I didn't expect Albedo to joke about this. Doesn't he care about what the mark means?)
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo! Stop trying to get your hands on Paimon's super-sweet Sunsettias!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 16.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm? It bothers you, does it?
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course it bothers Paimon! They are the rarest super-duper sweetest Sunsettias ever. And they're not for you!
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 17.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Okay. But they're just Sunsettias. I think you are only so attached to them because you don't have much fruit of this quality in your possession.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 albedo 18.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' When someone's pockets are full and their spirit is fulfilled, they don't easily fall prey to this kind of yearning.
:{{A|vo eqxs105 4 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? Really...?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...I see, that makes a lot of sense.)
;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Albedo again)
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs105 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Dragonspine is too cold for ordinary fruit trees to survive. But...
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs105 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' If, one day, Dragonspine did become home to gardens and orchards, there would be more reasons for people to visit. Perhaps, a little life is the key to attracting people.
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs105 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Life may exist in all kinds of unfathomable forms and in all manner of unthinkable environments. Mysterious, yet tenacious... Perhaps this is what makes life so special.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Secret Born From Ashes
|zhs     = 灰中之秘
|zhs_rm  = Huīzhōng zhī Mì
|zht     = 灰中之秘
|zht_rm  = Huīzhōng zhī Mì
|zh_tl   = Secret in the Ashes
|ja      = 埋もれた秘密
|ja_rm   = Umoreta Himitsu
|ja_tl   = Buried Secret
|ko      = 재 속의 비밀
|ko_rm   = Jae Sok-ui Bimil
|ko_tl   = Secret in the Ashes
|es      = Secreto en las cenizas
|es_tl   = Secret in the Ashes
|fr      = Un secret né des cendres
|fr_tl   = A Secret Born From Ashes
|ru      = Секрет, рождённый из пепла
|ru_tl   = A Secret Born From Ashes
|th      = ความลับในเถ้าถ่าน
|th_rm   = Khwam-lap nai Thaothan
|th_tl   = Secret in Coal Ash
|vi      = Bí Mật Từ Tro Bụi
|vi_tl   = Secret From Ashes
|de      = Ein Geheimnis aus der Asche
|de_tl   = A Secret From the Ashes
|id      = Rahasia dari Abu
|id_tl   = Secret From the Ashes
|pt      = Segredo nas Cinzas
|pt_tl   = Secret in the Ashes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

[[pt-br:Segredo nas Cinzas]]
[[ru:Секрет, рождённый из пепла]]
[[ja:埋もれた秘密]]