{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Story Quest Yoimiya A1 A Sliver of Hope.png
|type          = Story
|description   = Though you and [[Yoimiya]] managed to secure [[Sakujirou]]'s passage out by sea, he wavers, unable to reconcile himself to his wish. It is at this moment that Yoimiya recalls an old couple among [[Naganohara Fireworks]]' clients who might be able to help him out.
|chapter       = Carassius Auratus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = Dreamlike Timelessness
|character     = Yoimiya
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Imatani Saburou; Imatani Kaori; Morihiko; Naganohara Ryuunosuke; Paimon; Satoru; Traveler; Yoimiya; Matsuzaka; Saika; Iwao
|startLocation = [[Konda Village]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = Expectations Not to Be Betrayed
|next          = Together Under the Fireworks
|exp           = 500
|mora          = 31,125
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|voiced        = yes
}}

'''A Sliver of Hope''' is the third part of [[Yoimiya]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Carassius Auratus Chapter]]: Act I - [[Dreamlike Timelessness]].

==Steps==
#Visit the old couple to ask for their help
#* Speak to [[Imatani Saburou]] or [[Imatani Kaori]] in [[Konda Village]]
#Help the old couple clean up their courtyard
#Give the Pickled Radish to [[Satoru]] in the village
#Report back to the old couple
#Tell [[Sakujirou]] the news

==Notes==
*It is possible to cut down the plants before talking to the Imatanis. This will result in some alternate dialogue from Paimon and Yoimiya.
*There will be optional dialogue if you talk to [[Matsuzaka]], [[Saika]], [[Iwao]] before heading back to Sakujirou. They are located just outside [[Inazuma City]].

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Starting dialogue)
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahem, why did you cut Paimon off earlier?
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Because what he needs isn't an answer, just time.

;(If cut down the plants near Imatani Kaori and Imatani Saburou before talking to them)
::{{A|vo xglq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, these plants are getting a little out of control.
::{{A|vo xglq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, but this is someone's place, isn't it... Guess we can't go chopping everything down...

;(Talk to Imatani Kaori or Imatani Saburou)
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 imatanikaori 01.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' Well! If it isn't Yoimiya! Come on in, dear, come and take a seat.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 imatanikaori 02.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' Are these two your friends?
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yes, they're travelers from afar. Outsiders have a very difficult time getting into Inazuma nowadays.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 imatanisaburou 01.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' Indeed, these are unprecedented times. But seeing as they came all this way, we locals should give them a warm welcome.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Mm-hmm. Oh, before I forget &mdash; I brought the fireworks that you ordered.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 imatanisaburou 02.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' Oh, thank you, dear. Your family is so good to us, every year. First your father, and now you.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 imatanisaburou 03.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' I wonder if I'll still be alive to see the next heir of Naganohara Fireworks.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Of course you will, you're both in great health! Don't say things like that, it's bad luck.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 imatanikaori 03.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' *sigh* We aren't as young as we once were, though. The body knows it.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 imatanikaori 04.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' It used to be that I could spend all day working the land, carrying water back and forth, but now, even a moment of light work leaves me with all sorts of aches and pains.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 imatanikaori 05.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' I wanted to do some weeding yesterday, but as soon as I bent down to get started, I suddenly felt that if I went any further, I wouldn't be able to get back up again.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No worries, say no more &mdash; we'll handle it!
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 imatanisaburou 04.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' No, no, no, we can't be putting you to work when you're a guest in our home.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 imatanisaburou 05.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' I'll just go fetch the tea and some snacks, and then we'll continue our conversation.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's fine, it's not like it's the first time I've helped you with chores. I just haven't had much time recently with the fireworks show coming up &mdash; but once that's outta the way, I'll be sure to come by more often.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's no trouble, really. We don't mind helping.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 imatanikaori 06.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' *sigh* You're such good kids... As for mine, he's all grown up now, hasn't found anyone yet, and he doesn't visit very often.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 imatanikaori 07.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' If you're quite sure it's no trouble, then... I have some pickled radish here, would you mind delivering it to Satoru on the other side of the village?
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sure, it won't take us a moment.
:{{A|vo xglq003 1 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' The old folks aren't very mobile, so c'mon, let's help them out. We'll {{Color|buzzword|get rid of the weeds}} first and then {{Color|buzzword|deliver the pickled radish}}.

----
;(If already cut down the plants beforehand)
::{{A|vo xglq003 1 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You've finished already? Hehe, Mrs. Imatani will be really pleased.
::{{A|vo xglq003 1 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Let's take the pickled radish to Satoru. He's over on the other side of the village.

;(After the cleaning)
::{{A|vo xglq003 1 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yeah, you got it. And that should just about do it.
::{{A|vo xglq003 1 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Satoru is on the other side of the village, let's go see him now.

;(Talk to Imatani Kaori or Imatani Saburou again)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq003 imatanikaori 01.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' Thank you, dears. *sigh* Sorry to make you run errands for us.
:{{A|vo dialog xglq003 imatanisaburou 01.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' I'll brew some tea and prepare some snacks for when you get back.

----
;(Talk to Satoru)
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hey, Satoru, how have you been? Keeping well?
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 satoru 01.ogg}} '''Satoru:''' Same as usual, not much has changed. You're looking full of life, as always.
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' All thanks to the support of our loyal customers. The family business just keeps getting better and better.
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' We sold some fireworks to Liyue a while back, and word is they were a real hit. So it looks like we'll be getting more business from over there in the future.
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 satoru 02.ogg}} '''Satoru:''' That must mean a lot more work for you though? Are you sure you and Mr. Ryuunosuke can manage?
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 satoru 03.ogg}} '''Satoru:''' If it gets too much, don't forget you can always ask me for help. Hmm?
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' We should be fine. I think we can cope.
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh yeah, um, this is some Pickled Radish from Mrs. Imatani.
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 satoru 04.ogg}} '''Satoru:''' Wow, thank you so much! I never used to be a fan of Pickled Radish, would you believe.
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 satoru 05.ogg}} '''Satoru:''' But then I tried some of Mrs. Imatani's homemade stuff, and I couldn't get enough of it. It's a family staple now.
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Speaking of your family, how is everyone doing?
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 satoru 06.ogg}} '''Satoru:''' They're doing well. We have the occasional heated argument, but... I guess that's every family ever.
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 satoru 07.ogg}} '''Satoru:''' Being close to family is better than never getting to see them, even if it does mean putting up with some conflict.
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 satoru 08.ogg}} '''Satoru:''' Now, Mr. and Mrs. Imatani seem to have a great relationship &mdash; but still, they must get lonely with their child never visiting.
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Huh, they didn't seem that way to me. I think they're just used to it.
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You make a good point though. I should drop by more often in the future. That way, they won't get so bored.
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 satoru 09.ogg}} '''Satoru:''' I'm sure they'd love that &mdash; as would all of us in Konda Village. You're always welcome here.
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hee-hee, thank you.

----
;(After completing the chores)
:{{A|vo xglq003 2 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Now that we've finished all the chores, it's time to talk to the Imatanis about Sakujirou.

;(Talk to Satoru again)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq003 satoru 01.ogg}} '''Satoru:''' The [[Naganohara Fireworks Show]] must be coming up soon, right? My daughter left quite a while ago.
:{{A|vo dialog xglq003 satoru 02.ogg}} '''Satoru:''' Heh, she couldn't get out the house quickly enough. She's clearly very taken with this boy in the city, it was written all over her face...
:{{A|vo dialog xglq003 satoru 03.ogg}} '''Satoru:''' *sigh* But, at least she's happy, I suppose.

----
;(Report back to the old couple)
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanikaori 01.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' That was quick! Ah, young people are so handy.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Younger people have bundles of energy, and older people have a wealth of wisdom. Each have their strengths.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 01.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' Speaking of youth... Do you know what? It's been 50 years this year.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanikaori 02.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' Oh, so it has! Goodness, how the time flies... You barely notice as the years go by, but then suddenly, 50 years have passed.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' 50 years since what? Some important day?
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 02.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' Haha, well, if you must know, it was 50 years ago, back in the days when this young lady was still trying to win me over, that&mdash;
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanikaori 03.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' Oh, stop trying to impress them. We both know you were the one who was hopelessly smitten and desperately trying to win my affection...
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 03.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' Well, maybe you're right. 50 years ago, I proposed to my wife at the Naganohara Fireworks Show. We've been together ever since.
:{{DIcon}} Congratulations to you both.
:{{DIcon}} You should be very proud of what you have.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 04.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' To tell the truth, I was still a little uncertain. I wasn't sure what I was doing when I walked into the Naganoharas' shop and ordered my firework.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 05.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' Even as it was rising up into the sky... I still had no clue what I was going to say.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 06.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' But then it exploded... the sky lit up... I looked back at her and saw her eyes, twinkling in the light of the fireworks...
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 07.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' ...Before I knew what was happening, apparently, I'd already said it, and well, she'd said yes.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanikaori 04.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' 50 years... In some ways, it's a long time, in others, it's no time at all. Really, it's just a number.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanikaori 05.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' But 50 years of being together... now that is something worth commemorating.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I had no idea it was your 50th anniversary. If I'd known, I would've made some extra-fancy fireworks, just for you.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanikaori 06.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' Oh, no, it's quite alright. We always set off the same firework every year. It wouldn't be the same without it.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanikaori 07.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' Seeing that firework go off takes us right back to those days. Even at this age, we still look back with not a single regret.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, what a great relationship they have...
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 08.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' Enough about us, though. Yoimiya, aren't you busy with the fireworks show coming up? Was there something you needed to discuss?
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yeah, um... it's a difficult thing to talk about, but here goes...

:'''''Yoimiya tells the Imatanis about Sakujirou.'''''

:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 09.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' Hmm... Sakujirou... so, he came back.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Huh? You know him?
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanikaori 08.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' He was our boy's best friend when they were young.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanikaori 09.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' *sigh* They were inseparable. They grew up together, shared everything with each other, and went everywhere together.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanikaori 10.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' But one day, they had a terrible argument...
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 10.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' Sakujirou seemed to feel that Inazuma was too peaceful, and wanted to see what the outside world was like.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 11.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' But our [[Keisuke]] took after his father and mother. He felt that there was nothing wrong at all with being peaceful.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 12.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' You know what children are like, they get terribly worked up about these sorts of things. In the end, Sakujirou stormed off, and that was that.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I see...
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 13.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' Keisuke said nothing to me or my wife about the fight. We could sense that he was very hurt by it, but he didn't want to talk with us about how he was really feeling.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 14.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' Eventually, whether out of pent-up anger or for some other reason, he joined the Tenryou Commission. He rarely comes home anymore.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanikaori 11.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' If it was anything else, I could talk to Keisuke, and I'm sure he'd be willing to help.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanikaori 12.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' But since it's Sakujirou... I don't feel there's any way we can get involved.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a strange coincidence. Who'd have thought...
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I understand now. When I asked Sakujirou why he came back, he just said "because of past mistakes" and wasn't willing to elaborate.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Now, I finally understand why he can't decide what to do.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Two best buddies in childhood... one grows up to join the Tenryou Commission, the other grows up to join the Tenryou Commission's most wanted list...
:{{DIcon}} I guess this is fate.
:{{DIcon}} I never would have imagined it either.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Well, no worries, if that's the case then never mind.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' We can find some other way to help Sakujirou, there's no need to make things difficult for you. This sounds like something for Sakujirou and Keisuke to resolve between themselves.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanikaori 13.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' Yes, it'd be nice if they could go back to the way things were.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 imatanisaburou 15.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' I think after all these years, they ought to let go of their grudges.

;(After the dialogue)
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' *sigh* Well, can't say we didn't try.
:{{A|vo xglq003 3 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'll let Sakujirou know after we get back.

;(Speak to Imatani Saburou or Imatani Kaori)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq003 imatanisaburou 02.ogg}} '''Imatani Saburou:''' I'm sorry that we weren't much help.
:{{A|vo dialog xglq003 imatanikaori 02.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' One day, though, that child is going to have to face up to his feelings.
:{{A|vo dialog xglq003 imatanikaori 03.ogg}} '''Imatani Kaori:''' This is one life lesson that he can't learn from his parents.

----
;(Talk to [[Matsuzaka]], [[Saika]], [[Iwao]] outside the city before meeting Sakujirou)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq003 matsuzaka 01.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' That man who just came past looked really scary...
:{{A|vo dialog xglq003 saika 01.ogg}} '''Saika:''' Do you think... they're here to steal our weapons?
:{{A|vo dialog xglq003 iwao 01.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Oh... So we won't be able to scare off the [[Great Mujina Youkai]] anymore?

;(Tell Sakujirou the news)
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 naganohararyuunosuke 01.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Yoimiya, something bad's happened! Some people from the Tenryou Commission came by.
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Huh? Why? ... Do they know?
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Pops, are you alright? They didn't do anything to you, did they?
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 naganohararyuunosuke 02.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' I told them the show was starting soon and the place was filled with fireworks, so they shouldn't go in because it's a fire hazard.
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 naganohararyuunosuke 03.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' But they didn't listen. It seemed like they knew Sakujirou was inside.
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 naganohararyuunosuke 04.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Luckily, Sakujirou heard them coming in time and managed to escape through the window. The Tenryou Commission wasn't able to capture him.
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' This is bad news. I don't think Sakujirou had enough time to make his mind up...
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Pops, did you see where he went?
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' The Tenryou Commission will definitely be chasing after him.
:{{DIcon}} Did you catch any of their names?
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Good point! Names, we need names! Suddenly showing up like this, surely it must be Keisuke's doing!
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' The Commission wouldn't normally cause this big of a fuss over a stowaway.
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 naganohararyuunosuke 05.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Sorry, my ears are no good, and I didn't get a good look at them either. If you're wondering which way they went, they left the city.
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 naganohararyuunosuke 06.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' I wish I caught their names... *sigh* But I didn't hear a thing...
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 morihiko 01.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' As it happens, I did.
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 morihiko 02.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' I was getting some ore from my friend's place and happened to bump into them on the way over.
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 morihiko 03.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' I think their leader's name was Keisuke, just like you said.
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Just as I thought! Thanks!
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If Sakujirou still hasn't made up his mind, those two running into each other won't solve anything &mdash; and even worse, there'll be no coming back from it for Sakujirou.
:{{A|vo xglq003 4 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' We can't let that happen. Come with me, (Traveler), let's track them down!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Sliver of Hope
|zhs     = 一线希望
|zhs_rm  = Yīxiàn Xīwàng
|zht     = 一線希望
|zht_rm  = Yīxiàn Xīwàng
|zh_tl   = A Sliver of Hope
|ja      = 希望の光
|ja_rm   = Kibou no Hikari
|ja_tl   = A Light of Hope
|ko      = 일말의 희망
|ko_rm   = Ilmal-ui Huimang
|ko_tl   = A Little Hope
|es      = Un rayo de esperanza
|es_tl   = A Sliver of Hope
|fr      = Une petite lueur d'espoir
|fr_tl   = A Small Glimmer of Hope
|ru      = Проблеск надежды
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เส้นด้ายแห่งความหวัง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Một Tia Hi Vọng
|vi_tl   = A Ray of Hope
|de      = Ein Funke der Hoffnung
|de_tl   = A Spark of Hope
|id      = Sebuah Harapan
|id_tl   = A Hope
|pt      = Um Pouco de Esperança
|pt_tl   = A Bit of Hope
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Un rayo de esperanza]]
[[pt-br:Um Pouco de Esperança]]