{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 08003
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = IV
|act           = We Will Be Reunited
|part          = 4
|description   = You continue searching for "the first [[Field Tiller]]," following the information you've obtained from [[Barbara]] and the [[Andrius|Great Wolf King of the North]]...
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Wolvendom]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Dishonorable Trial
|next          = A Path Through the Storm
|exp           = 650
|mora          = 31,125
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Guide to Freedom|2}}{{Card|Guide to Resistance|2}}{{Card|Guide to Ballad|2}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|characters    = Dainsleif;Paimon;Traveler;Traveler's Sibling
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|4|part=4}}
==Steps==
# Talk to [[Dainsleif]]
# Go to [[Stormterror's Lair]]
# Enter the [[Call of the Abyss|ruins]] again
# Search for the [[Defiled Statue]]
# Defeat the Abyss Herald

==Notes==
* Defeating the Abyss Herald during this quest grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[Silence, You Raving Lunatic]]."
* Completing this quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[We Will Be Reunited (Achievement)|We Will Be Reunited]]."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Dainsleif)
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dain, there you are. Did you see Master Jean?
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I saw her, but purposely avoided her.
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' As both the Lionfang Knight and the Acting Grand Master, she naturally would have some reservations towards me.
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' If I'm not careful, one day I may find myself becoming the object of one of her investigations.
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' But back to the matter at hand... I defeated some of the Abyss forces but wasn't able to gather any information. Did you have more success?

:'''''The Traveler tells Dain what they learned from the spirit of Lupus Boreas...'''''

:{{A|vo szaq004 1 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I see...
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Well then, we can more or less figure out where the first Field Tiller ended up.
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Really? Just from the Lupus Boreas story?
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' That information combined with a more comprehensive analysis.
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 dainsleif 08.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' For example, the old story you told me you heard in the Cathedral...
:{{DIcon}} "The Tyrant's Final Fury"!
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 dainsleif 09.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Exactly, the strange story told to you by that young sister, long mistaken to be a curse rained down by a deceased tyrant.
:{{DIcon}} The fireballs raining from the sky were probably missiles...
:{{DIcon}} The ancient people of Mondstadt wouldn't have seen the fireballs for what they were...
:{{DIcon}} Actually, Barbara's the deaconess...
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon get's it! So "The Tyrant's Final Fury" was really just missiles fired from the Field Tiller after it ran from Wolvendom!
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After it was damaged in the fight with the Wolf of the North, it must have wandered into the ruins of Old Mondstadt and stayed there...
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then, whenever anyone got close &mdash; PEW, PEW, BOOM! It would fire a ton of missiles at them... Until one day, it finally broke down for good, and the fireballs stopped raining from the sky.
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Back then, the people of Mondstadt hadn't seen many Ruin Guards before, so they came to interpret it as "The Tyrant's Final Fury."
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 dainsleif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It looks like we need to make a trip to {{Color|buzzword|Stormterror's Lair}} and comb the entire area.
:{{DIcon}} No.
:{{DIcon}} No need.
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 dainsleif 11.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Hmm. What do you mean...?
:{{DIcon}} I... I remember.
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You mean...
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh, Paimon remembers, too! We saw that abandoned {{Color|buzzword|Ruin Guard sitting atop the tower}} when we went there before! Can't forget something like that!
----
;(Approaching the [[Weird Statue]])
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is it, right? Okay then, use your Elemental Sight to look for the eye!
:;(The Traveler uses Elemental Sight)
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooooh... So what did you see?
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? ...Nothing? But Paimon was so excited...
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's going on...? Are you sure you did it right?
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' This requires another method.
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Using Elemental Sight on a Field Tiller is of no use because it is not powered by the elements.
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Let me give it a try.
:;(Dainsleif conjures magic)
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...And done.
:;(The eye of the Field Tiller appears)
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wowwww! It's, it's the...!
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The very thing the Abyss Herald has been seeking all along &mdash; the eye of the first Field Tiller.
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' All of the Ruin Guards today are just replicas of this machine. As the prototype, its combat capability was unrestricted.
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Prototype"? ...Paimon doesn't know that word, is it another ancient term from Khaenri'ah?
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' As the Abyss Order has surmised, if this eye is placed in the hands of the Defiled Statue...
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 08.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' And if the limbs of Osial, Overlord of the Vortex, are attached to the statue... there you have a mechanized god.
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 09.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' And this newly born god will have the power to "topple the divine thrones of Celestia".
:{{DIcon}} What an extreme and dangerous operation.
:{{DIcon}} The Abyss Order must be stopped.
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Yes.
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;Then... What should we do with this eye?
:{{DIcon}} Hide it somewhere no one will find it.
:{{DIcon}} Put it under the guardianship of the Church of Favonius.
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 11.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' No. I'll guard it myself.
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? You!? Dain... You won't go and do anything crazy with it, will you?
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 12.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' You may doubt me if you wish, but I must ensure it does not fall into the wrong hands.
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 13.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' No matter where we may hide it, they will find it. And as for the Church of Favonius &mdash; well, you know I don't trust them.
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hehe... right...
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 14.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' But our work isn't done yet. To avoid any further repercussions, we must also take care of that Defiled Statue.
:{{DIcon}} By doing what, exactly?
:{{DIcon}} Can we let the Church take care of this one?
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 15.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' We can't have the Church get involved. Let's handle it ourselves. As for what I mean by take care of it... naturally, I mean to completely destroy it.
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' D&mdash;Destroy it!? That's a Statue of The Seven! As well as being a important cultural relic, they're actually divine, too...
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, well, good thing we didn't tell Barbara earlier. Otherwise, she'd be going completely bonkers right now!
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 16.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Hmph... Do The Seven really expect me to help them look after what belongs to them?
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 17.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Let's go back to {{Color|buzzword|those ruins}} and destroy the inverted statue. If we are lucky, we will also run into that Abyss Herald.
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 dainsleif 18.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I'll make sure it doesn't get away this time.

;(Interact with the Field Tiller)
:'''Field Tiller:''' ...
----
;(Upon entering the [[Call of the Abyss]])
:{{A|vo szaq004 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, after all that running around, we end up right back here again...
:{{A|vo szaq004 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look at us... We barely escaped this place last time, and now we're strolling right back in!
:{{A|vo szaq004 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gee, surely we must be some of the bravest adventurers in all of Teyvat! That or the stupidest...
:{{A|vo szaq004 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' To get to that creepy statue...
:{{A|vo szaq004 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We just need to follow the path we used to escape last time. That should take us right back to it...
:{{A|vo szaq004 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep! That'll work. Let's go, and remember to be on your guard.
----
;(Approach the room with the Defiled Statue)
:{{A|vo szaq004 4 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Looks like we're here.
:{{A|vo szaq004 4 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' An eerie, lifeless, dark chamber... I understand the evil aura you were describing earlier.
:{{A|vo szaq004 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohhhh... Such a scary place...
:{{A|vo szaq004 4 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Be careful to not be overwhelmed by the power of the Defiled Statue&mdash; the Abyss Herald, it's here.
:{{A|vo szaq004 4 abyssinvoker 01.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' Mwahaha... You sense correctly.
:{{A|vo szaq004 4 abyssinvoker 02.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' You are just as vexatious as ever, Dainsleif, enemy of the Abyss!
:{{A|vo szaq004 4 abyssinvoker 03.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' I sense your soul is stained by terrible bloodshed, perhaps from your darkest nightmares. Unless... Huh?
:{{A|vo szaq004 4 abyssinvoker 04.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' Oh, and something far more dangerous! You reek of a corruption familiar to me...
:{{A|vo szaq004 4 abyssinvoker 05.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' Then we are the same. We're both dangerous. But dangers from outside the Abyss Order must be caught and caged...
:{{A|vo szaq004 4 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Tsk.
:{{A|vo szaq004 4 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It is your words that forever reek of corruption...
:{{A|vo szaq004 4 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Time to silence you!
----
;(After defeating the enemies, a cinematic begins)
:;(While fighting the Abyss Herald, it conjures a portal and tries to escape)
:;(Dain restrains the Abyss Herald using magic, but is stopped by an attack)
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' (grunts)
:;(It is revealed that the attacker is the Traveler's sibling)
:{{A|vo szaq004 1 cs invokerherald 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq004 1 cs invokerherald 01b.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' (Princess/Prince)

===Male Traveler===
;{{Color|menu|You and Dain fight together against the Abyss Herald, but as you gain the upper hand, someone familiar appears and stops you... It is your long-lost sibling.}}
;(After the cinematic)
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, c&mdash;could that be...!?
:{{DIcon}} Lumine!
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 heroine 01.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' Aether...
:{{DIcon}} I've finally found you!
:{{DIcon}} Let's get out of here, it's too dangerous!
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 02a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Wait, (Traveler)... She just blocked an attack against the Abyss Herald...
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your sister, and the Abyss...
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 heroine 02.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' Aether, why are you with Dain?
:{{DIcon}} ...What?
:{{DIcon}} You're asking about... Dain?
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{DIcon}} (We've been separated for so long...)
:{{DIcon}} (Why are you asking about something that doesn't matter...?)
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 05a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your sister... knows Dain, (Traveler)?
:'''Dainsleif:''' ...
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 dainsleif 02a.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Lumine. We meet again.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 06a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What's going on here? Dain knows her, too!
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 heroine 03.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' You shouldn't team up with this man.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 heroine 04.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' He is my enemy.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 dainsleif 03a.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Lumine...
:{{DIcon}} Hold on a second!
:{{DIcon}} Stop saying things that don't make sense, Lumine!
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 heroine 05.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' ...
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 heroine 06.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' But it must be said... Don't try to stop me. Don't try to stop the Abyss.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 heroine 07.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' That man, Dainsleif, was the "Twilight Sword," one of the royal guards of the final dynasty of Khaenri'ah. 500 years ago, he failed to prevent the destruction of Khaenri'ah.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 heroine 08.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' A curse of immortality was laid upon him, to forever wander the wilderness... while he watched the people he was supposed to protect turn into monsters of the Abyss.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're saying... Dain is from Khaenri'ah!? The same Khaenri'ah that was destroyed 500 years ago!?
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And you said the people turned into monsters... You're trying to tell Paimon that the Abyss Order is not only related to Khaenri'ah but is actually the people of Khaenri'ah themselves!?
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... and the whole thing about Dain being your enemy? Ohh... Paimon's so confused...
:{{DIcon}} Come with me, Lumine! Let's go home!
:{{DIcon}} You can tell me all this later. Let's go home!
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 heroine 09.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' Home...
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 heroine 10.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' Yes, of course. "Home" is wherever we are together.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 heroine 11.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' But I cannot go with you to the next world to find a new home... at least, not yet.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 heroine 12.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' Until the Abyss has engulfed the thrones, my war with destiny will see no end...
:{{DIcon}} Destiny...?
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 heroine 13.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' Listen to me, Aether.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 heroine 14.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' I have already traveled through this world once. Once you reach the end of your journey as I did, you will see for yourself the true nature of this world.

;(A cinematic begins)
:;(The Abyss Herald conjures a portal)
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 cs heroine 01.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' So we'll meet again.
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 cs heroine 02.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' Though we need not rush, brother. I have more than enough time to wait for you
:;(Aether begins to run towards Lumine)
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 cs heroine 03.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' We have always... had enough time
:;(The Abyss Herald and Lumine leave through the portal)
:;(Dainsleif dashes into the portal to follow them)
:;(Aether reaches the portal, but phases through it as the portal closes behind him)

===Female Traveler===
;{{Color|menu|You and Dain fight together against the Abyss Herald, but as you gain the upper hand, someone familiar appears and stops you... It is your long-lost sibling.}}
;(After the cinematic)
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, c&mdash;could that be...!?
:{{DIcon}} Aether!
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 hero 01.ogg}} '''Aether:''' Lumine...
:{{DIcon}} I've finally found you!
:{{DIcon}} Let's get out of here, it's too dangerous!
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Wait, (Traveler)... He just blocked an attack against the Abyss Herald...
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your brother, and the Abyss...
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 hero 02.ogg}} '''Aether:''' Lumine, why are you with Dain?
:{{DIcon}} ...What?
:{{DIcon}} You're asking about... Dain?
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{DIcon}} (We've been separated for so long...)
:{{DIcon}} (Why are you asking about something that doesn't matter...?)
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your brother... knows Dain, (Traveler)?
:'''Dainsleif:''' ...
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 dainsleif 02b.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Aether. We meet again.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 06b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What's going on here? Dain knows him, too!
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 hero 03.ogg}} '''Aether:''' You shouldn't team up with this man.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 hero 04.ogg}} '''Aether:''' He is my enemy.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 dainsleif 03b.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Aether...
:{{DIcon}} Hold on a second!
:{{DIcon}} Stop saying things that don't make sense, Aether!
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 hero 05.ogg}} '''Aether:''' ...
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 hero 06.ogg}} '''Aether:''' But it must be said... Don't try to stop me. Don't try to stop the Abyss.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 hero 07.ogg}} '''Aether:''' That man, Dainsleif, was the "Twilight Sword," one of the royal guards of the final dynasty of Khaenri'ah. 500 years ago, he failed to prevent the destruction of Khaenri'ah.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 hero 08.ogg}} '''Aether:''' A curse of immortality was laid upon him, to forever wander the wilderness... while he watched the people he was supposed to protect turn into the monsters of the Abyss.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're saying... Dain is from Khaenri'ah!? The same Khaenri'ah that was destroyed 500 years ago!?
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And you said the people turned into monsters... You're trying to tell Paimon that the Abyss Order is not only related to Khaenri'ah but is actually the people of Khaenri'ah themselves!?
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... and the whole thing about Dain being your enemy? Ohh... Paimon's so confused...
:{{DIcon}} Come with me, Aether! Let's go home!
:{{DIcon}} You can tell me all this later. Let's go home!
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 hero 09.ogg}} '''Aether:''' Home...
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 hero 10.ogg}} '''Aether:''' Yes, of course. "Home" is wherever we are together.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 hero 11.ogg}} '''Aether:''' But I cannot go with you to the next world to find a new home... at least, not yet.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 hero 12.ogg}} '''Aether:''' Until the Abyss has engulfed the thrones, my war with destiny will see no end...
:{{DIcon}} Destiny...?
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 hero 13.ogg}} '''Aether:''' Listen to me, Lumine.
:{{A|vo szaq004 5 hero 14.ogg}} '''Aether:''' I have already traveled through this world once. Once you reach the end of your journey as I did, you will see for yourself the true nature of this world.

;(A cinematic begins)
:;(The Abyss Herald conjures a portal)
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 cs hero 01.ogg}} '''Aether:''' So we'll meet again
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 cs hero 02.ogg}} '''Aether:''' Though we need not rush, sister. I have more than enough time to wait for you
:;(Lumine begins to run towards Aether)
:{{A|vo szaq004 2 cs hero 03.ogg}} '''Aether:''' We have always... had enough time
:;(The Abyss Herald and Aether leave through the portal)
:;(Dainsleif dashes into the portal to follow them)
:;(Lumine reaches the portal, but phases through it as the portal closes behind her)

===Moving On===
;{{Color|menu|Your only kin leaves once more, this time escorted by an Abyss Herald, while you watch on helplessly. Their voice seems to hang in the air while you just stand there in the empty ruins, lost in your own world.}}
;(After the cinematic)
:{{A|vo szaq004 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They... left...
:{{A|vo szaq004 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, don't be too sad, (Traveler)... We'll find them again! Look on the bright side, at least we've got some really useful information!
:{{DIcon}} I'm... not sad.
::{{A|vo szaq004 6 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? You sure...?
:{{DIcon}} You're right, Paimon. There is hope.
::{{A|vo szaq004 6 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-huh, that's right!
:{{A|vo szaq004 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At least now, as well as The Seven, Dain is also a key part of finding your sibling too, right?
:{{DIcon}} Once we get to [[Inazuma]], we should keep that in mind as we look for more clues.
:{{DIcon}} Another objective for our journey.
:{{A|vo szaq004 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! Um... by the way, what they said just now was all pretty confusing... Did you understand it at all?
:{{DIcon}} I pretty much got it.
:{{DIcon}} I was too focused on (Lumine/my brother) to really listen carefully.
:{{A|vo szaq004 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... well then... let's go over it again.

:'''''The Traveler and Paimon try to recall as many details as they can...'''''

:{{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' First off, that Abyss Herald called your (sister/brother) "(Princess/Prince)."
:{{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It seems like your (sister/brother) is leading the Abyss Order, even the Abyss Herald answers to (her/him)... Still, we don't know for sure if (she's/he's) the highest-ranking leader in the organization.
:{{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, your (sister/brother) said that (she/he) wants to "engulf the thrones" and go to "war with destiny." What the heck does that mean? ...Could it be that (she/he) wants to destroy The Seven and the seven nations?
:{{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Next thing... turns out the Abyss Order monsters are really what the people of Khaenri'ah turned into after their nation was destroyed. This story is just plain terrifying!
:{{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And Dain is from Khaenri'ah, too! He witnessed its destruction 500 years ago. But... he didn't turn into a monster, and now he's fighting the Abyss Order...
:{{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 06b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's why your (sister/brother) said that Dain was (her/his) enemy, right?
:{{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... if the monsters of the Abyss are the same people that Dain protected all those years ago, then why is he enemies with the Abyss Order now?
:{{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 08b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, how come... after all this time we've spent searching for your (sister/brother), it turns out (she's/he's) on the side of the Abyss. What's up with that?
:{{DIcon}} We have many new questions, but few answers.
:{{DIcon}} Thinking about it over and over will solve nothing.
:{{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're right.
:{{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then... we can't let ourselves get down about it now, (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Our journey's not over yet, let's get a move on! Time to leave this terrible, dark place and get back to the surface, where the sun shines bright.
:{{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 12a.ogg}} {{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 12b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If your (sister/brother) wants you to "reach the end of your journey"... Well then, show (her/him) what you're made of!
:{{A|vo szaq004 8 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on, Traveler, let's go!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* The Traveler's Sibling will call the player "Aether" (Male Traveler) or "Lumine" (Female Traveler) regardless of the name set by the player in both the voiceovers and the transcription.
** In Chinese and Korean, Lumine will call the Male Traveler "big brother" instead.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Soul Set Apart
|zhs     = 有隔阂的魂灵
|zhs_rm  = Yǒu Géhé de Húnlíng
|zht     = 有隔閡的魂靈
|zht_rm  = Yǒu Géhé de Húnlíng
|zh_tl   = A Soul Estranged
|ja      = 隔たりのある魂
|ja_rm   = Hedatari no Aru Tamashii
|ja_tl   = A Soul Estranged
|ko      = 엇갈린 영혼
|ko_rm   = Eotgallin Yeonghon
|ko_tl   = A Missed Soul
|es      = Almas separadas
|es_tl   = Separated Souls
|fr      = Âmes séparées
|fr_tl   = Separated Souls
|ru      = Разлучённые души
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = วิญญาณที่ถูกแบ่งแยก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Separated Souls
|vi      = Linh Hồn Ngăn Cách
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine entfernte Seele
|de_tl   = A Distant Soul
|id      = Jiwa yang Terpisah
|id_tl   = Separated Souls
|pt      = Uma Alma Dividida
|pt_tl   = A Divided Soul
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]

[[pt-br:Uma Alma Dividida]]