{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19103
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Diona
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Cat and the Cocktail
|startLocation = [[Dadaupa Gorge]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Galesong Hill
|subarea       = Dadaupa Gorge
|requirement   = [[The Cat and the Cocktail]]
|prev          = The Cat's Tail's Bartender
|next          = The Shadow Over Dadaupa
|characters    = Allan; Diona; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''A Special Base Drink''' is a quest in the second branch of [[Diona]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[The Cat and the Cocktail]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Diona
# Go to [[Dadaupa Gorge]]
# Talk to the person at the gorge's entrance ([[Allan]])
#* I'll avoid the monsters as well. Proceed to [[The Shadow Over Dadaupa#The Shadow Over Dadaupa|The Shadow Over Dadaupa]].
#* I'll defeat all the monsters head-on. Proceed to [[The Shadow Over Dadaupa#Dead-Drunk Draff|Dead-Drunk Draff]].
# Go to Dadaupa Gorge
# Head to the hilichurl camp

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Diona would like to go to Dadaupa Gorge to secure a certain special "base drink."}}
===A Special Base Drink===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910301 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Dadaupa Gorge is just up ahead. We should be able to find a special drink base there.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910301 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' An adventurer who visited the tavern told me that he once ventured deep into Dadaupa Gorge and discovered a type of drink inside the cooking pots of a hilichurl tribe who lived there.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910301 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' The drink is actually a herbal soup made by samachurls  using a variety of ingredients. According to the adventurer, it seems like the samachurls made these drinks to grant the tribe more energy.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910301 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' The adventurer also said that just by taking a single whiff of it, and I quote...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910301 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' "I wasn't able to determine whether or not I took in the smell, because as soon as I tried to smell it, it felt like my nose was being trampled by a hundred forest boars. I couldn't feel my nose anymore, let alone smell anything..."
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910301 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hmph, even though he lost his sense of smell, he still remembered to come and drink. He even started telling me that my delicious cocktails would help his nose regain its sense of smell again...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910301 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' What a hopeless drunk... He was probably just exaggerating and hoping for more drinks.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910301 diona 08.ogg}} '''Diona:''' But whether or not he was exaggerating is not important. The idea of using a hilichurl drink as a base for my cocktails, haha, is one I'm definitely interested in.
:{{DIcon}} You want to make a drink... from that?
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910301 diona 09.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Of course, you wanted a specialty drink, right? Special drinks require special ingredients.
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910301 diona 10.ogg}} '''Diona:''' No need to worry. This will be one drink you'll remember... forever.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we can use something else instead?
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910301 diona 11.ogg}} '''Diona:''' No way! Normal ingredients will never suffice for a special cocktail, we must use something special.
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910301 diona 12.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Besides, I've never used such ingredients before either. This will be my latest drink, just wait and you'll be the first one to try it.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910301 diona 13.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Now listen up, I had that old adventurer mark the location for me, so all we have to do is get there and grab what we need.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910301 diona 14.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Since we're only on the outskirts of Dadaupa Gorge, we'll have to walk further in. We still have quite a ways to go.

;(En route)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I also told my father about the samachurl herbal soup, he said that he would keep an eye out for it.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' But he's probably just saying that. Once he's had enough drinks in him, he can't even remember his own name, let alone the herbal soup I mentioned.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Oh well, I never had high hopes for him anyway. Looks like I'm going to have to get the special drink base on my own.

;(Going into Dadaupa Gorge)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910303 allan 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Hmm? Someone's approaching...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 allan 01.ogg}} '''Allan:''' Diona? Is that you?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Huh? Oh, I know you... You're the one that usually goes hunting with my father.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 allan 02.ogg}} '''Allan:''' Yeah, my name is Allan. I'm part of the hunting team that Draff leads.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Huh, so if you're here, that means my father is also somewhere nearby.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Well, where is he, huh? Oh, I bet he drank too much again after the hunt and fell asleep somewhere, waiting for someone to drag him back to Springvale.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 allan 03.ogg}} '''Allan:''' I&mdash;I wish that were the case...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 allan 04.ogg}} '''Allan:''' I'm afraid that Draff... Well h&mdash;he rushed into Dadaupa Gorge by himself!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Wait... What!?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 allan 05.ogg}} '''Allan:''' You see, Draff brought us hunting in the area nearby...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 allan 06.ogg}} '''Allan:''' Thanks to him, the hunt went really well and we managed to catch lots of game. After the hunt, we stopped to rest for a bit before we'd head back to Springvale.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 allan 07.ogg}} '''Allan:''' So we started a bonfire, got some barbeque going, and well... had a little to drink. Honest! We only drank a little, you know, just to celebrate the hunt.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 allan 08.ogg}} '''Allan:''' But after a few drinks, Draff started saying that he wanted to go get something from a hilichurl tribe in the depths of Dadaupa Gorge.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 allan 09.ogg}} '''Allan:''' He refused to let any of us accompany him. Instead, he kept saying that he's a descendant of the Kätzlein bloodline and that he could come and go as he pleases in a place like this.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 allan 10.ogg}} '''Allan:''' Before we could say anything, he rushed out by himself. There's no way we could stop him.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 allan 11.ogg}} '''Allan:''' I had a hunter who's quick on his feet run back to Springvale to find help, and sent a few veteran hunters into the gorge to look for Draff, but...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 08.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ugh! That stupid old man!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 09.ogg}} '''Diona:''' And it's all because he had something to drink, right!?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 10.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I don't know how many times I've told him not to drink! He just won't listen!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 11.ogg}} '''Diona:''' *sigh* I'll go look for him and see what kind of trouble he's got himself into this time!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 allan 12.ogg}} '''Allan:''' No, wait! It's too dangerous for you to go alone, Diona. Let's wait for more help to arrive and go find him together.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 12.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I'm also of the Kätzlein bloodline, and I'm much better on my feet than he is.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 13.ogg}} '''Diona:''' And most importantly, I don't drink. So I won't be making any of the mistakes that he would.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I'll go with her.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 allan 13.ogg}} '''Allan:''' You're... Oh! You're the Honorary Knight!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 allan 14.ogg}} '''Allan:''' There should be nothing to worry about with you by her side. I'll leave you to it.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 14.ogg}} '''Diona:''' You're coming with me to Dadaupa Gorge? There'll be a lot of monsters in there, I wouldn't want to stir them all up at once.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 15.ogg}} '''Diona:''' So I plan on sneaking by the monsters to find my stupid father... What's your plan?
:{{DIcon}} I'll avoid the monsters as well.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} I'll defeat all the monsters head-on.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])

;(Talk to Allan again)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910305 allan 01.ogg}} '''Allan:''' What could Draff be looking for that made him just charge straight in like that? Maybe some kind of valuable treasure?
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 16.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Really? Alright then, but if you do startle them, be sure not to lure them to me.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 17.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Actually... it wouldn't really matter, because you won't be able to figure out where I'm headed anyway.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 18.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Let's pounce to it then. I'll mark the route on your map.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 19.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Oh &mdash; make sure to stick to the route. I'm not coming back for you if you get lost.
:;(Proceed to [[The Shadow Over Dadaupa#The Shadow Over Dadaupa|The Shadow Over Dadaupa]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 20.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Take them all head on, huh? Well, you are the Honorary Knight after all...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 21.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hmmm...That would work too, I suppose. You can distract the monsters while I sneak around them.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 22.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Let's head deeper into Dadaupa Gorge. I don't know where my foolish father is, but we can start our search there.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 23.ogg}} '''Diona:''' And uh, if the monsters are too strong, then just run away if you can. There are lots of places to hide around here... trust me.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910302 diona 24.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Alright, let's get to it! I've marked the approximate location on your map.
:;(Proceed to [[The Shadow Over Dadaupa#Dead-Drunk Draff|The Shadow Over Dadaupa]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Special Base Drink
|zhs     = 特殊的基底饮品
|zhs_rm  = Tèshū de Jīdǐ Yǐnpǐn
|zht     = 特殊的基底飲品
|zht_rm  = Tèshū de Jīdǐ Yǐnpǐn
|zh_tl   = Special Base Drink
|ja      = スペシャルベースドリンク
|ja_rm   = Supesharu Beesu Dorinku
|ja_tl   = A Special Base Drink
|ko      = 특별한 베이스 음료
|ko_rm   = Teukbyeolhan Beiseu Eumryo
|ko_tl   = A Special Base Drink
|es      = Una bebida con una base especial
|es_tl   = A Special Base Drink
|fr      = Base de boisson spéciale
|fr_tl   = Special Base Drink
|ru      = Особая основа для коктейля
|ru_tl   = Special Base for Cocktail
|th      = ส่วนผสมหลักสุดพิเศษ
|th_rm   = Suanphasom Lak Sut Phiset
|th_tl   = A Special Base Drink
|vi      = Thức uống nền đặc biệt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Getränk mit besonderer Basis
|de_tl   = A Drink With a Special Base
|id      = Bahan Dasar Minuman Spesial
|id_tl   = A Special Base Drink
|id_note = Can be read as: "Base of the Special Drink"
|pt      = Uma Bebida Básica Especial
|pt_tl   = A Special Basic Drink
|tr      = Özel Bir İçki
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un drink dalla base speciale
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}