{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19050
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Liyue
|chapter       = Beidou
|actNum        = I
|act           = When the Crux Shines Bright
|description   = The Crux returns safely  from Inazuma and is preparing to celebrate. The only difference is that today, you're the guest of honor...
|startLocation = [[Sea of Clouds]], [[Liyue]]
|next          = Life on the High Seas
|next2         = Beneath the Surface
|next3         = Guili Plains Treasure Hunt
|next4         = Qingce Village Treasure Hunt
|characters    = Beidou; Furong; Huixing; Sea Drake; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''A Special Guest''' is a quest in [[Beidou]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[When the Crux Shines Bright]].

==Steps==
# Go to The Alcor
# Talk to Beidou
#*Show interest in the life of a sailor. Go to '''Sailor Training'''.
#*Thank the crew for taking you to Inazuma. Go to '''Private Chat.'''

;'''Sailor Training'''
# Have a taste of sailor training
#*Choose The Shield of The Crux. Go to [[Life on the High Seas]].
#*Choose The Spear of The Crux. Go to [[Beneath the Surface]].

;'''Private Chat'''
# Go to a quiet spot to talk details with Beidou
#*Choose Guili Plains. Go to [[Guili Plains Treasure Hunt]].
#*Choose Qingce Village. Go to [[Qingce Village Treasure Hunt]].

==Dialogue==
===A Special Guest===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_seadrake_01.ogg}} '''[[Sea Drake]]:''' Well, would you look who's here! Looks like it's going to be a day to remember. Guys, look who the sea washed up!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_furong_01.ogg}} '''[[Furong]]:''' Ahoy there, Traveler. Hah, so Captain really did invite you to join the homecoming celebration!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_huixing_01.ogg}} '''[[Huixing]]:''' Hey! I heard that you took care of another crisis while you were in Inazuma. Are the rumors true?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_furong_02.ogg}} '''Furong:''' That's what I heard, too. Thanks to you, Inazuma's Vision Hunt Decree was finally put to an end... Well done, Traveler!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_seadrake_02.ogg}} '''Sea Drake:''' Captain's got quite the eye for people. She said she was sure that your trip to Inazuma would stir up some waves, and sure enough...
:{{DIcon}} All I wanted was to have a chat with the Electro Archon.
:{{DIcon}} It was a joint effort, I can't take all the credit.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_furong_03.ogg}} '''Furong:''' Heh, look at you, being so modest. We all know what you did to protect Liyue Harbor...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_seadrake_03.ogg}} '''Sea Drake:''' I've heard that they tell stories about you in Mondstadt too: the "Honorary Knight"... Pretty impressive!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_huixing_02.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' I'd say someone of your caliber would be right at home in The Crux. Right, sailors?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_furong_04.ogg}} '''Furong:''' Haha, that's right! Wow, I'm getting excited just thinking of being the Traveler's crewmate!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_furong_05.ogg}} '''Furong:''' Hey, whaddya say we arm wrestle?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_beidou_01.ogg}} '''[[Beidou]]:''' (Traveler), I was worried you'd be too busy to show up.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_seadrake_04.ogg}} '''Sea Drake:''' Oh, Captain on deck!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_huixing_03.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Captain! We were just trying to talk the Traveler into joining the crew.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_furong_06.ogg}} '''Furong:''' Yeah c'mon, Captain Beidou! Surely you've got a way to get the Traveler onboard.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_beidou_02a.ogg}} {{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_beidou_02b.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' (She/He)'s onboard right now for the celebration, isn't (she/he)?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_huixing_04.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Yeah, but just one celebration together is not enough. You know what we mean, Captain!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Alright, alright, I get it now. There is something special about you, (Traveler). You earned everyone's respect, myself included.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So it goes without saying that The Crux would be honored to have a crew member such as yourself.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_furong_07.ogg}} '''Furong:''' No doubt about that!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But then again, a hero like yourself doesn't just set off on a journey without some bigger purpose in mind.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So should a hero really drop what they are doing just to spend day after day drifting at sea with us?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' If that were the case, then The Crux, known for always moving forward to the next horizon, would instead be holding someone back.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_huixing_05.ogg}} '''Huixing:''' Right... Uh, I guess we didn't think that part through.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Remember, rather than seeking out strong members to join us, you should be focusing on making yourselves the strongest that you can be! If we are powerful, they will come to us.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Isn't that why everyone here chose to come aboard in the first place?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_seadrake_05.ogg}} '''Sea Drake:''' Yes... A strong sailor is always looking for a sturdy ship!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_furong_08.ogg}} '''Furong:''' I guess I almost forgot the first lesson you ever taught me... Thanks for the reminder, Captain!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905001_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Just be sure you all keep that in mind! There's no more need to hound the Traveler. As you were! The Traveler and I have something to discuss.
{{Dialogue end}}

{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I'm glad you came, (Traveler). Welcome back aboard.
:{{DIcon}} The crew seemed excited to see me. Thanks for helping me out back there.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hey, don't mention it! As a host, it would be pretty embarrassing to continue letting my guest be put on the spot like that.
:{{DIcon}} You run a tight ship, Captain.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Do I? Haha! To be honest, I don't care for that kind of reputation. I don't want people to see me like some big-shot official from Yujing Terrace.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But I'll take it as a compliment. I'm glad you see me as well-respected.
:{{DIcon}} You are a wise leader.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Heh, thanks. I'll take that.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Some rumors have it that the leader of The Crux is so powerful that she could slay the mighty leviathan, Haishan, without breaking a sweat.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I can't go getting too caught up in my own reputation, though. That's certainly not how The Crux made it to where we are today.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' As the head of the fleet, my task is to keep us on the right course, no matter how turbulent the seas may become.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But then again, the crew isn't usually this riled up. It's not that they're arrogant, they're just bubbling with ambition, that's all.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Their excitement today comes from their great respect for you &mdash; both your strength and your character... So please, don't take it the wrong way.
:{{DIcon}} Why would I? I'm actually quite interested in the life of a sailor.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Oh, is that so? Well, it just so happens that we're doing some recruitment and training for new crew members while we're back. It'll be a first-rate chance to learn the life of a sailor.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Since you're interested, why don't you come along and experience a sailor's life firsthand?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I'm curious to see if you'll take the sea by storm in the same way you have on land.
::{{DIcon}} Alright, Captain. Show me the ropes.
:::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_14.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Good, come with me, I've got something interesting for you to see.
::{{DIcon}} Maybe not by storm, but I'll try and make a splash?
:::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_15.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Nice! Come with me. Let's see how big of a splash you can manage."
:;(Proceed to [[A Special Guest#Sailor Training|Sailor Training]])
:{{DIcon}} Why would I? I should be thanking them for taking me to Inazuma.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_16.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' All good then. Great. Actually, speaking of Inazuma, I think your good luck must have rubbed off on me on the way over. I made an interesting find on the beach shortly after we parted ways.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905004_beidou_17.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Let's talk about it over there, where it's a little quieter.
:;(Proceed to [[A Special Guest#Private Chat|Private Chat]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Private Chat===
{{Quest Description|update|The Crux returns safely from Inazuma and is preparing to celebrate. The only difference is that today, you're the guest of honor...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to a quiet spot to talk details with Beidou)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So after we dropped you off in Ritou, we found a shipwreck nearby. Probably belonged to Inazuman pirates.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' We searched the wreckage and found a map.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' At first, I thought it was a nautical chart. I was thinking we might discover a new sailing route if we were lucky.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But after a closer look, I realized that it wasn't a map of the sea at all. It was a Liyue treasure map, and no ordinary one at that.
:{{DIcon}} Is an evil chi active in the area?
:{{DIcon}} Is there a great demonic presence in the area?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Um... nothing like that. I just mean that the map was a mess. So it was the most I could do to figure out that the treasure was probably in Liyue.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' As for its exact location, I have no idea.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I'd say I've explored Liyue pretty extensively, but still, this one managed to beat me.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So I thought of you. Nobody can beat you when it comes to treasure hunting on land, right?
:{{DIcon}} You know me too well.
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't say I'm the best treasure hunter of all time... only the best to date.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Is that right? Well then, it looks like I'm in good hands.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Here's the map, see what you can make of it.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So? Where do you think it is?
:{{DIcon}} I think it's [[Guili Plains]], just very badly drawn.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Guili Plains... Huh, I never would have gotten that. How can you tell?
::{{DIcon}} Call it a treasure hunter's intuition.
::{{DIcon}} Compared against a regular map, the topography of the area most closely resembles the Guili Plains.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Ohh... okay then.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_14.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So you do live up to the hype. I can't believe you noticed that &mdash; you sure have an eye for detail.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_15.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Let's head over there and take a look. I'll need you to help me zero in on the specific location once we're there.
:;(Continue to [[Guili Plains Treasure Hunt]])
:{{DIcon}} I think it's [[Qingce Village]], just very badly drawn.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_16.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Qingce Village... I don't see the resemblance at all. How'd you come to that conclusion?
::{{DIcon}} Call it a treasure hunter's intuition.
::{{DIcon}} Qingce Village has a lot of terraced land, which seems to match the contour lines on this map.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_17.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Ohh... okay then.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_18.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I'm definitely a rookie at this, haha. But your word's good enough for me. Time for a trip to Qingce.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905003_beidou_19.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You're coming with me, of course. I'll need you to help me zero in on the specific location once we're there.
:;(Continue to [[Qingce Village Treasure Hunt]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Sailor Training===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Chief Mate Juza is breaking in the newcomers. But, I think we can spare you the tedium of that.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' After this, the new crew members will be arranged into two teams for more specialized training, according to their own aptitudes and the needs of the fleet.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' One team will learn comprehensive survival skills, including maritime emergency rescue, marine meteorology, psychological counseling, and so on.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' They will serve as the support team for the fleet, ensuring safe navigation. That's why we call them "The Shield of The Crux."
:{{DIcon}} What's the other team? "The Spear of The Crux"?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' That's right. You catch on quick.
:{{DIcon}} What's the other team? "The Pen of The Crux"?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The Pen of The Crux? Hahahaha! That's a wild idea.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Unfortunately, this ain't the Wanwen Bookhouse, kid.
:{{DIcon}} What's the other team? "The Vision of The Crux"?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The Vision of The Crux? Hahahaha! We don't have that many Visions, kid.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' As one might expect, we call the other team the "Spear of The Crux," because they will be learning about naval warfare. They will make up the armed portion of our crew.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Also, they are responsible for handling the fleet's cargo deals.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So, what do you think? Which team is for you?
:{{DIcon}} The Shield of The Crux.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Heh, as I expected. You have a will to protect others.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' There are two main subjects that The Shield of The Crux focuses on, survival knowledge and entertainment.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_14.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' As I was saying earlier, survival knowledge includes prevention of injuries and diseases at sea, navigation and cartography, basic meteorology, etc.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_15.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You can go learn about these skills from Yinxing, Huixing, and Liushi. They are all seasoned hands in their respective fields.
::{{DIcon}} I thought I would be learning from you, Captain.
::{{DIcon}} There are crewmates who know even more than you, Captain?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_16.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Each sailor has their own strengths and weaknesses. I'm no rookie, of course, but you shouldn't underestimate the knowledge of the crew.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_17.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' If there's anything I'm most proud of in the fleet, it's my people!
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_18.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Go and get to work. I'll have some questions to test you later. Heh, I look forward to seeing how you do.
:;(Continue to [[Life on the High Seas]])
:{{DIcon}} The Spear of The Crux.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_19.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Heh, you truly are an adventurer at heart.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_20.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Let's start with the fundamentals for any armed crew member: basic boat handling.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905002_beidou_21.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Follow me.
:;(Continue to [[Beneath the Surface]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Special Guest
|zhs     = 特别来客
|zhs_rm  = Tèbié láikè
|zht     = 特別來客
|zht_rm  = Tèbié láikè
|zh_tl   = A Special Guest
|ja      = 特別な客
|ja_rm   = Tokubetsuna Kyaku
|ja_tl   = A Special Guest
|ko      = 특별 손님
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = (La invitada/El invitado) especial
|es_tl   = The Special Guest
|fr      = (Un invité spécial/Une invitée spéciale)
|fr_tl   = A Special Guest (M/F)
|ru      = Особый гость
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = แขกพิเศษ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vị Khách Đặc Biệt
|vi_tl   = Special Guest
|de      = Besonderer Gast
|de_tl   = Special Guest
|id      = Tamu Spesial
|id_tl   = A Special Guest
|pt      = (Uma/Um) Convidad(a/o) Especial
|pt_tl   = A Special Guest (M/F)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}