{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest A Story For You.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|event_name    = Hues of the Violet Garden
|chapter       = Festival Deeds
|actNum        = I
|actType       = Part
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture]]
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Let's Go, Dodoco!|1}}
|characters    = Albedo; Aratani; Iwao; Kayabuki Ikkei; Klee; Matsuzaka; Paimon; Saika; Traveler; Yae Miko; Yoimiya
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''A Story For You''' is an Event Quest part of [[Festival Deeds]] during the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==Steps==
# Speak to [[Albedo]]
# Walk around with [[Klee]]
# Give Klee 3 [[Egg Roll|Delicious Egg Rolls]]
# Go to [[Naganohara Fireworks]]
# Accompany [[Yoimiya]] and Klee to see the Irodori Festival
# Go to Naganohara Fireworks
# Go beside the window
# Go to [[Yae Publishing House]]
# Wait for printing to finish (14:00 – 16:00 the next day)
# Go to the Irodori Festival site

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"Today, me and Albedo arrived in a country where there's lots and lots of thunder. Albedo said that this place is called Inazuma... Inazuma... Klee thinks this name is pretty hard to write."}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' What a coincidence. I was wondering where I might be able to find you, and here you are.
:{{DIcon}} What's up?
::{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 02a.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hehe, can't I come and see you when nothing is up?
:{{DIcon}} Miss me?
::{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 02b.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes, indeed, I believe Klee has missed you tremendously.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Alright, as much as I'd like to sit and chat with you, this time I'm here mainly for Klee.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Before bringing Klee here, I told her many stories about Inazuma. It got her very excited to experience the local culture here.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' However, I've got other things to do in Inazuma this time besides painting the portraits of The Five Kasen. Over the next couple of days, I won't have the time to show her around.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Inazuma is not like Mondstadt. I can't just let Klee wander off by herself when I'm busy with other things. So, I had to have her stay at the International Trade Association while I finish my work.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' She hasn't complained, but I can tell she's not enjoying being stuck there on her own.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Fortunately, I now have you and Paimon. So...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 klee 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq001 1 klee 01b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yay, (Mr./Miss) Honorary Knight's here!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 klee 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq001 1 klee 02b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Whatcha talkin' about, (Mr./Miss) Honorary Knight? Are we gonna go play?
:{{DIcon}} Klee, are you saying you'd like to go and play?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yeah! ...Um, but Albedo is really busy. I can't go too far away, or he'll be worried about me.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Aw, Klee, you're such a thoughtful kid.
:{{DIcon}} Unlike Paimon.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Paimon's very thoughtful, thank you very much! Paimon always thinks of you whenever she's eating a delicious slime.
:{{DIcon}} Well, that settles it. You're very thoughtful.
:{{DIcon}} Ok, fine: Paimon, you are very thoughtful.
::{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's more like it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway &mdash; it is pretty cruel not to let Klee go out when she was so excited to come here.
:{{DIcon}} We'll look after Klee.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup yup, allow the almighty (Traveler) and dependable Paimon to bring Klee on a tour of Inazuma.
:{{DIcon}} Let's take her somewhere interesting.
:{{DIcon}} Let's introduce her to someone interesting.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 09a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 09b.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Klee, do you wanna go play with (Mr./Miss) Honorary Knight?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yay! You bet I do!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' As you know, Klee is our Spark Knight. You must keep her safe and sound.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Ahem... by which I mean, try to keep her out of trouble.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' For instance, if a mountain in Inazuma was to lose one if its peaks, or if there were an explosion somewhere in the city, Klee could very well get in trouble...
:{{DIcon}} Got it. No explosions.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Glad to hear it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 klee 05.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I promise I'll bring you back an awesome souvenir, Mr. Albedo.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 1 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Great, I look forward to it.

:{{A|vo rcjwq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are loads of cool things to do in Inazuma. Try the local cuisine, visit a shrine... What do you wanna do, Klee?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 3 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' "Cuisine"? What's that?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Y'know, food and drink. Paimon just meant we could take you to a local restaurant.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 3 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' A restaurant! Yay! Snack time!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got it! Alright, snack time it is! Let's go.

;(Talk to Albedo again)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjwq001 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Thank you for taking care of Klee.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjwq001 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I heard lighting fires is strictly prohibited in both Ritou and Inazuma during the Irodori Festival. Please keep a close watch on her.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjwq001 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Klee's already run off. You'd better catch up with her.
{{Dialogue end}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|"Albedo's busy right now and can't play with Klee."<br />"Poor Albedo... Not being able to play must be such a bummer."<br />"Later, I went with (Mr./Miss) Honorary Knight and Paimon to go play."<br />"I'll bring something fun back for Albedo. Let's hope he doesn't feel too sad."}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach [[Yukio]]'s food stall)
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Wow, something smells so good... I think it's coming from this steaming thingy.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 klee 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq001 4 klee 02b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' (Mr./Miss) Honorary knight, look at this noodley soup, it's so pretty! There's so many nice things inside.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 iwao 01.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' It's not "noodley soup." It's "Tonkotsu Ramen," actually.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Oh... so, um, what are those yellow-and-red thingies on that plate?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 iwao 02.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' You're kidding, right? Those are Tri-Flavored Skewers.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' And what about this little yellow cake?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 iwao 03.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' That's an Egg Roll. They're amazing. Have you really not tried one before?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 klee 05.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Wow, Tonkotsu Ramen, Tri-Flavored Skewers, and Egg Rolls... They all sound delicious.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 iwao 04.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Hehehe, they sure are. Guess you're not from around here if you haven't tried any of these before.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 iwao 05.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Lemme buy you an Egg Roll with my allowance so you can get a taste of our Inazuman food.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 klee 06.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Really? But Master Jean said I shouldn't go taking other people's things.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, that's your allowance, right? Taking another kid's allowance just seems kinda wrong...
:{{DIcon}} Don't take his Mora.
:{{DIcon}} I'll cook them myself.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 iwao 06.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Ohh... I remember you, you're Yoimiya's friend. How come you know how to make Egg Rolls?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq001 4 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Egg Rolls are a piece of cake for (Traveler). Why don't you make some for Klee and Iwao?
:{{DIcon}} Sure &mdash; and I'll throw in some for you too.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' R&mdash;Really? Wow, Paimon is so touched. You're learning, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, we'll be waiting on those Egg Rolls.

;(Talk to Iwao again)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjwq001 iwao 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo dialog rcjwq001 iwao 01b.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Hey (mister/ma'am), do you really know how to make Egg Rolls?
:{{A|vo dialog rcjwq001 iwao 02.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' If you're not confident in your cooking skills, you can always go buy them from Shimura Kanbei's shop instead. I promise I won't make fun of you for it.

;(Talk to Klee)
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 6 klee 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq001 6 klee 01b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' (Mr./Miss) Honorary Knight, what do Egg Rolls taste like?
:(open food inventory)

;(After giving Klee three Delicious Egg Rolls)
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 7 iwao 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq001 7 iwao 01b.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Wow, you really can cook them. You're awesome, (mister/ma'am).
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 7 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Mmm... it's sweet... so yummy!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Yup yup, it's delicious... (Traveler), you are the best.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 7 iwao 02.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Yeah, these Egg Rolls are pretty good... but I still think Yoimiya's are better.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 7 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Who is Yoimiya? She makes Egg Rolls, too?
:{{DIcon}} She runs the fireworks shop.
:{{DIcon}} She's a superhero.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 7 iwao 03.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Yoimiya can do anything! She tells stories, keeps goldfish, makes fireworks, and gives us candy, too.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 7 iwao 04.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Yoimiya's pretty much the best and most awesome person ever.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 7 klee 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq001 7 klee 03b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' For me, the best and most awesome person in the world is my mom! And Klee knows loads of other great people, too, like Mr. Albedo, (Mr./Miss) Honorary Knight, Master Jean, Kaeya...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Surely she's not going to name everyone she knows...?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 7 iwao 05.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Oh... well, I don't know any of those people. But anyways, I still wanna introduce you to Yoimiya. If you want, I'll take you to find her.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 7 iwao 06.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' In most festivals, Yoimiya's so busy that you can never find her. But this festival's different &mdash; she has free time, so she can play with us.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 7 iwao 07.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' She seems like she hasn't been in a great mood recently, but maybe seeing you will cheer her up.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 7 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Okay, let's go play with Yoimiya.
{{Dialogue end}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|"Klee found lots of tasty stuff, and Iwao too!<br />(Mr./Miss) Honorary Knight treated us to super tasty Egg Rolls. (He/She)'s just the best!"<br />"Later, we went with Iwao to the fireworks shop and we met the super cool Yoimiya!"}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Naganohara Fireworks)
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 matsuzaka 01.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' Yoimiya, don't be sad. Um... I... oh, I know, lemme tell you something that'll cheer you up!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 matsuzaka 02.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' Yesterday, I won three beetle fights in a row against that guy with the horns on his head!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Wow, Matsuzaka, nice work! It's not easy to beat Itto...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 saika 01.ogg}} '''Saika:''' Don't worry, Yoimiya, maybe you can't light fireworks during the Irodori Festival, but there are still lots of other fun things to do!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I know... Thanks, you guys, it's just that fireworks are banned in the city for a few days. I'm not that upset, really.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 iwao 01.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Yoimiya, it's me!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 iwao 02.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' I wanna introduce you to a new friend. An outlander girl, I just met her... Wait, what's your name again?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Klee, my name is Klee.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Nice to meet you, Klee. I'm Yoimiya, and I run Naganohara Fireworks.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Um... hello...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I love the cute outfit, with the hat, and that cool little symbol, so unique. And your backpack &mdash; wow, it's really well-made.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' That's a four-leaf clover. Mom and Master Jean said it can bring me good luck.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Really? That's awesome. I bet everyone would love one of those.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Also, that little fairy on your backpack is super cute, too.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' That's Dodoco, my best friend. We always go fish blasting together in Starfell Lake.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, Dodoco? What an interesting name. I really like it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 klee 05.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yep. My mom says that when a Dodoco is born, it rides the wind and goes off on a big adventure.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' "Ride the wind and go off on a big adventure." Klee, your mom sounds like a very cool person.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 klee 06.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yep! My mom is the best and most awesome person ever.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 klee 07.ogg}} '''Klee:''' And, Yoimiya, Iwao was right. You're a really cool person, too.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, thanks, Klee, I feel like we really get each other. We'll be great friends, I'm sure of it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's so heartwarming watching these two chat away.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hey, Klee, since you like four-leaf clovers so much, why don't I make a firework with a four-leaf clover pattern and set it off for you?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 klee 08.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yeah! And after the fireworks, we can go fish blasting with Dodoco.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, hold on a second, fish blasting? No way, Albedo was pretty clear about that.
:{{DIcon}} No explosions allowed.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oops. I got so excited that I completely forgot about that.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' The folks from the Yashiro Commission specifically warned me that no fireworks are allowed in Inazuma during the Irodori Festival.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 klee 09.ogg}} '''Klee:''' What? It's not allowed? But, awww... okay then.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, come on, you just made a new friend, this is a happy occasion. Why are you suddenly so upset?
:{{DIcon}} Don't be sad.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we still have loads of things we can do!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go check out the Irodori Festival.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right. Just like Saika said, there are lots of fun things to do.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' What do you say, Klee? Sounds like the Irodori Festival could be a real blast!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 8 klee 10.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Okay then, let's go!

;(Talk to Iwao or Saika again)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjwq001 iwao 03.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' I still don't get why Yoimiya is upset...
:{{A|vo dialog rcjwq001 saika 01.ogg}} '''Saika:''' Ugh, dummy, Yoimiya is upset because she can't set off fireworks for everyone during the Irodori Festival.

;(Talk to Matsuzaka again)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjwq001 matsuzaka 01.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' It's alright, I know Yoimiya's upset because she can't light any fireworks. You should go with her to the Irodori Festival.
:{{A|vo dialog rcjwq001 matsuzaka 02.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' I'm gonna take my strongest [[Onikabuto]] and go beat that guy with the horns on his head in a beetle battle again. I'll cheer Yoimiya up in my own way.
{{Dialogue end}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|"Klee would love to go fish blasting with Yoimiya, but (Mr./Miss) Honorary Knight said we couldn't, so I didn't."<br />"But it's a shame we can't go fish blasting. Dodoco's sad too."<br />"Yoimiya couldn't set off any fireworks either, so she was kinda sad too."<br />"(Mr./Miss) Honorary Knight wanted to make us happy, so (he/she) invited us to go see the Irowdory Festival... Uh, Klee thinks she got that one right. Right?"}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the plaza)
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here we are: the venue of the Irodori Festival.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look at all these stalls. It looks super fun, doesn't it?

;(Approach [[Kayabuki Ikkei]]'s stall)
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 12 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' "Outlander Brigade: When the Wind of Death Blew Towards the Blond Samurai"...? What a long name... Must be a new one, I've never heard of it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 12 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' By... Kawabunga Icky. Yoimiya, this is a really strange name.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 12 kayabukikazukei 01.ogg}} '''Kayabuki Ikkei:''' Who's this "Kawabunga"? It's pronounced "Kayabuki Ikkei." Heh... that would be me.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 12 kayabukikazukei 02.ogg}} '''Kayabuki Ikkei:''' Outlander Brigade is a new series of mine, and When the Wind of Death Blew Towards the Blond Samurai is the first volume.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 12 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Outlander's Big... Raid... um, is it a story about the best of friends?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 12 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Kaeya says that every good story has to have best friends in it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 12 kayabukikazukei 03.ogg}} '''Kayabuki Ikkei:''' Absolutely not. I would never allow such clichés in one of my novels.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 12 kayabukikazukei 04.ogg}} '''Kayabuki Ikkei:''' This is a book about betrayal, blood, and tears! A long and lonely struggle! A stubborn samurai's path to the truth! This is the kind of story that needs to be told.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 12 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh... is that right? Well, I'm not sure that's a very suitable story for Klee. Um... we might keep looking around.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 12 kayabukikazukei 05.ogg}} '''Kayabuki Ikkei:''' Hey, Miss, don't go! Are you sure you don't want a copy? I'll give you 40% off!

;(Follow Klee and Yoimiya)
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Flowers for Princess Fischl... Oh, look, it's Fischl's story.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That's right, Flowers for Princess Fischl. Have you read this book before, Klee?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Nope. But I know Fischl's story.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Fischl always hangs out with Oz. Everyone in the Adventurers' Guild knows, it's just like how me and Dodoco are always together.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I wonder if... Dodoco is getting bored now?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Klee, I'm afraid it can't be helped. There are a lot of flammable items at the festival, and we have to be careful not to start a fire.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Darn, it seems like even the Irodori Festival can't cheer Klee and Yoimiya up.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... there must be plenty of things you can do with Dodoco besides lighting fireworks and going fish blasting.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yeah! Like, um... uh...
:{{DIcon}} Like painting.
:{{DIcon}} Like writing a story.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Wait, so that's what you're suggesting?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, the Irodori Festival is the perfect occasion for storytelling.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! The Irodori Festival is a place for putting your work on display. You could show Dodoco's story for everyone here...
:{{DIcon}} Think of it like Dodoco playing with everybody.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bingo! What do you think of that idea, Klee?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 klee 05.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Mr. Albedo taught me how to paint! I can paint the story of Dodoco's adventure in Inazuma!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That's very imaginative. I think it's a great idea!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, we can even put the finished story on display at the festival.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 klee 06.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yay, great! Dodoco will be so happy.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Perfect. Okay, so I have some paper, paintbrushes, and paint at the shop. Let's go to the shop and paint your story there.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 13 klee 07.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yay! Let's go, let's go!

:{{A|vo rcjwq001 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Those two can run so fast when they're motivated. We'd better catch up!
{{Dialogue end}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|"(Mr./Miss) Honorary Knight said that Dodoco could play with me in pictures, and that we can play however and whatever we like there, even fish blasting!"<br />"Yoimiya is bringing me to go draw a story. She'll draw and I'll color!♪"<br />"Klee's so happy right now, and Dodoco too!"}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Naganohara Fireworks)
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 15 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' (Traveler), Klee and I just had a discussion, and we've decided...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 15 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' We're gonna keep the content of this story a secret from you guys for now.
:{{DIcon}} ...Why?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 15 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Ugh, obviously I can't tell you why, or... You'll see, don't worry.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 15 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You can keep exploring the festival while we're busy in the shop. We'll be here when you get back.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 15 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Come on, Yoimiya, we should get going. Let's go inside and start painting.

:'''Yoimiya and Klee enter the shop.'''

:{{A|vo rcjwq001 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww, Paimon was hoping that we could all paint together... So unfair!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heehee, actually, Paimon's got an idea! Come on, let's go around to the windows and take a sneaky peek.

;(Listen at the window)
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So. What does Dodoco do after getting to Inazuma?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Um, Dodoco goes to eat Tri-Flavored Skewers, Tonkotsu Ramen, and Egg Rolls.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Ooh, that sounds great. Is that what you're painting? It looks beautiful!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Once you're done painting, let's go get it printed. We'll print a whole bunch of copies and go hand them out at the festival.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hmm, although it'll cost a lot of Mora to get it printed. Let me see if I've got enough saved up...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' It's okay, Yoimiya, I have some Mora! Look!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' 50 Mora is probably not quite enough...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Well, if we don't have enough, we can ask (Traveler) for ideas.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 klee 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq001 16 klee 03b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' (Mr./Miss) Honorary Knight has helped a lot already. I don't wanna trouble (him/her).
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' So I think I should just go fish blasting to earn some Mora.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No fish blasting! Paimon and (Traveler) said so.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 klee 05.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Oh... then we've got no choice. We'll have to go see Mr. Albedo.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Who's Mr. Albedo?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 klee 06.ogg}} '''Klee:''' He's my older brother. He's super-duper smart, he can do anything!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 klee 07.ogg}} '''Klee:''' And he knows how to paint, too. He paints hilichurls, Kaeya, and even Dodoco. That's why he came to Inazuma this time, to do paintings for everyone.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Is that right? Then I guess Mr. Albedo must be an artist working with the Yae Publishing House.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 klee 08.ogg}} '''Klee:''' An artist? Oh, that means he has two jobs... One as an alchemy-ist, teaching Sucrose alchemy, and the other as an artist, doing paintings for people.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 klee 09.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yoimiya, lemme show you something. Mr. Albedo taught me you can paint Dodoco's color like this...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Wow, I can see the resemblance. Alright, I'll paint the streets, and Klee, you fill in Dodoco's colors.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' ...Hey, you can even write the story over here to explain what's happening in the painting.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 klee 10.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Okay! Let's write this...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shoot, Paimon didn't hear the last part.

:'''A while later.'''

:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Dodoco sure had a lot of fun in Inazuma!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Those two sound like they really did go on an adventure with Dodoco. They couldn't be happier.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 16 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Now we have to get Dodoco's story printed. C'mon, let's go to the Yae Publishing House.

;(Approach the Yae Publishing House)
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Here we are. This is the Yae Publishing House.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yae Publishing House... Ooh, it's Aunty Aratani! I know Aunty Aratani!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 aratani 01.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' Aunty? Who's that calling me Aunty? Oh, it's the little girl who came with Mr. Calx.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 aratani 02.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' How can I help you, little girl?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Aunty Aratani, can you help me get Dodoco's story printed so that everybody can see it?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 aratani 03.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' Dodoco? Oh, so you've been writing a story, huh? Is Dodoco the main character?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Not only that, Dodoco is also real. Look!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 aratani 04.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' Huh, I don't quite understand...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'd better explain this to her.

:'''You explain Dodoco's identity and Klee and Yoimiya's wish to Aratani.'''

:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 aratani 05.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' Oh, I see. I'd love to help you make this wish come true, but I'm sorry...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 aratani 06.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' The deadline has passed for accepting printing orders for the Irodori Festival.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Aunty, are you saying Dodoco won't be able to meet everyone after all?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 aratani 07.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' I'm sorry, little girl.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' *sobbing*
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Aw Klee, don't be upset. You still have me and (Traveler). We'll think of something!
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, we'll find a way.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Um, Miss Aratani, is there any way at all we can still get this printed?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' We can pay extra! And if you're short on staff to help with the printing, I can pitch in!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 aratani 08.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' Miss Yoimiya, I understand your sentiment, but I'm afraid it's not as simple as that.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 aratani 09.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' We've been printing many people's personal works for this festival, and a lot of the books are already well behind schedule. The printing press is already working overtime to try and catch up.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 aratani 10.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' At a time like this, we really can't squeeze any more jobs in.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do we do? Seems like we might have to give up on this idea...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No, I won't let that happen.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I remember this one time when I was little, pops said he'd take me to the festival, but he was so busy with work that he forgot all about it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I waited and waited, and kept wondering when pops was finally gonna take me there. Eventually, people started coming home from the festival...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That night, I cried miserably. To this day, I still remember how sad I felt. I don't want Klee to feel the same way.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If we can't get it printed, then we'll just have to find our own way!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I can paint. Over the next few days, I'll paint as many as I can, then we'll take those to the festival!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' My, my. Yoimiya has quite a determined spirit. I like it very much.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's Miko! And Albedo too!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' We heard everything.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 aratani 11.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' Oh, Lady Yae...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It's okay, I know. You were just following the rules. Plus, we really are quite behind schedule with the printing.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But our mission at Yae Publishing House is to brings dreams and happiness to the masses. It would be a crying shame if we couldn't even help one adorable little girl fulfill her wish.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Let me think... Oh, I know!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yoimiya, little girl, you can print your book, but on one condition. Okay?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Of course, Lady Guuji. Just tell us. Whatever this condition is, I am ready to face it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Dear me, it's nothing that horrendous. You make it sound like I'm some sort of wicked witch.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' All I mean is, if you want to get your work printed now, there is only one way: You have to combine it with another print.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' However, there is only a small amount of space remaining in the book in question. Your book is too big, so you have to reduce it to about half the size to make it fit.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Is this a sacrifice that you are willing to make?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Klee, Lady Guuji is saying that we can print the book if we shrink it to half the size. Are you okay with that?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 klee 05.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yep, I am! Thanks, Miss Guuji Lady!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, what an adorable little girl. Well, that settles it. Aratani, make sure it gets printed with tonight's batch!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 aratani 12.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' Yes, Lady Yae. I'll get right on it!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Combining the prints is a plausible solution, but it'll cause a lot of extra work for the printing press. I am terribly sorry about that.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' No problem. Just think of it as my greeting gift for little Klee.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Besides, the Yae Publishing House will need your help with the illustrations again next time, Mr. Calx. You could also consider it as my investment in you.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Alright, I won't disturb you two any longer. Bye-bye, now.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yay! Everything worked out perfectly. Now we just need to wait for an update from the Yae Publishing House.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yoimiya, (Traveler), thank you for keeping Klee so exceptionally well entertained for me.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, no worries!
:{{DIcon}} You should spend some time with Klee too, Albedo.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 17 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes, you're right. Klee is family, after all.
{{Dialogue end}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|"Dodoco's story almost didn't get told, but then a nice lady with fluffy ears showed up."<br />"She was super cool! She found a way to get Dodoco's story back."<br />"Later, Yoimiya and I gave Dodoco's story to (Mr./Miss) Honorary Knight, Paimon, and Albedo. Everyone was sooo happy, it was great!"}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the stall)
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 klee 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq001 18 klee 01b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Look, (Mr./Miss) Honorary Knight! Aunty Aratani brought us Dodoco's story!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now we can finally see what secrets Klee and Yoimiya were keeping from us.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's really nothing that exciting.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' It's the story of Dodoco and me...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' And me...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' And you guys.
:{{DIcon}} You put me in the story?
:{{DIcon}} You put me and Paimon in the story?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's in the story, too! This is Paimon's first time featuring in a printed book. Woohoo, Paimon's gonna be famous!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Of course we included Paimon. This is the story of everyone's big, happy adventure with Dodoco.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 klee 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq001 18 klee 03b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' This story is me and Yoimiya's gift for (Mr./Miss) Honorary Knight.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 aratani 01.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' Lady Yae wanted me to inform you that since this book was printed together with another work, there are many more copies than you may have anticipated.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 aratani 02.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' We won't charge you a printing fee, but in exchange, the extra copies of your book will be included as a free gift with purchases of the other book. Is that okay with you?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, are you sure? It's fine by us, but what does the author of the book think...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 aratani 03.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' Actually, the book that yours was printed with is called the "Teyvat Travel Guide."
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Hey! That's Mommy's book!
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So Klee's mother is a writer? Huh.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 aratani 04.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' Klee's mother, Alice, is a renowned adventurer in Teyvat, and the Inazuma Edition of her popular "Teyvat Travel Guide" series is set to be released imminently.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 aratani 05.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' Lady Yae has already decided on how to promote it: "A joint endeavor by Teyvat's biggest and best mother-daughter adventure duo." It's sure to be a huge hit.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, Paimon knew it! Miko would never do anything for free...
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, a typical move by Lady Yae. It works out well for everybody, doesn't it?
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 klee 05.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yep, I'm super happy 'cause my book gets to be released together with mommy's book. It's like me and mommy going on an adventure together.
:{{A|vo rcjwq001 18 klee 06.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I am so glad I came. The Irodori Festival is the best!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Story for You
|zhs     = 「送给你的故事」
|zhs_rm  = "Sòng Gěi Nǐ de Gùshì"
|zht     = 「送給你的故事」
|zht_rm  = "Sòng Gěi Nǐ de Gùshì"
|zh_tl   = A Story Given to You
|ja      = 「あなたへ贈る物語」
|ja_rm   = "Anata he Okuru Monogatari"
|ja_tl   = "A Story Given to You"
|ko      = 「너에게 보내는 이야기」
|ko_rm   = "Neo-ege Bonaeneun Iyagi"
|ko_tl   = "A Story for You"
|es      = Una historia para ti
|es_tl   = A Story For You
|fr      = Une histoire pour toi
|fr_tl   = A Story for You
|ru      = История для тебя
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = "เรื่องนี้มอบให้เธอ"
|th_rm   = "Rueang Ni Mop Hai Thoe"
|th_tl   = "This Story Given to You"
|vi      = Câu Chuyện Dâng Tặng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = „Eine Geschichte für dich“
|de_tl   = "A Story for You"
|id      = Sebuah Cerita Untukmu
|id_tl   = A Story For You
|pt      = Uma História para Você
|pt_tl   = A Story for You
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[pt-br:Uma História para Você]]
[[vi:Câu Chuyện Dâng Tặng]]