{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02006
|image         = Archon Quest A Swordmaster's Path Is Paved With Broken Blades.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia
|part          = 7
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          = To Treat the Well-Meaning Well
|next          = A Flower Blooms in a Prison
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*800;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|characters    = Anzai; Domon; Inagi Hotomi; Junya; Nanako; Paimon; Traveler; Yae Miko
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=A Swordmaster's Path Is Paved With Broken Blades|chapter=2|act=1|part=7}}

==Steps==
#Find the next person who lost their Vision
#Wait until night for the exorcism (18:00 - 24:00)
#Talk to [[Junya]]
#Follow the suspicious person's traces (0/3)
#*Talk to the [[Anzai|suspicious person]]
#Return to the exorcism site
#Go to [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] to see the head shrine maiden

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The swordmaster who aimed to be the greatest under heaven descended into madness after losing his Vision. You decide to help his disciples investigate the cause...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}

===Inazuma City===
;(Upon approaching the dojo in the suburbs of Inazuma City)
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The third person who had their Vision taken is supposed to be a famous swordmaster around these parts.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon heard that he's the present-day master of [[Meikyou Shisui Art]]... sounds pretty impressive...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is his dojo, luckily there's some people around. Let's go talk to them.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 01.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Nanako, don't worry! Sensei will be fine...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 02.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Those thugs that challenged the dojo were strong, but he fought them all off in the end, didn't he?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 nanako 01.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' Maybe, but I'm still worried about him...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 nanako 02.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' Things have gotten dangerous before in the past, but it's never shaken him. This time, though... *sigh*
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 03.ogg}} '''Junya:''' It's just because he's been possessed, that's all! Once the exorcism has taken place, he'll be right as rain in no time.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey there... did something happen?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 04.ogg}} '''Junya:''' ...Who are you?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 05.ogg}} '''Junya:''' I don't care whether you're trespassers or just here to harass us while Sensei is impaired &mdash; get out of here immediately!
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 06.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Don't make me draw my blade, or you won't live to regret it!
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' N&mdash;No, you got us all wrong! We just came here to... uhh...
:{{DIcon}} We're here to become disciples.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 07.ogg}} '''Junya:''' ...Disciples?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup yup! We've heard all about the mighty master of Meikyou Shisui Art. It's the whole reason we came all this way &mdash; to seek him out and ask him to train us.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But then we got here and overheard you talking about how he got possessed, or something...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 08.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Hmm... From the way you're dressed... it doesn't look like you're from around here.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 09.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Please accept my apologies... We've had so many people trying to cause us trouble recently that we're on high alert.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 10.ogg}} '''Junya:''' You haven't arrived at the best of times, I'm afraid. Sensei got possessed recently, and he's still recovering. He's not able to take on any new disciples for the time being.
:{{DIcon}} We can wait till he's recovered.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not going back until I can call him my sensei.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 11.ogg}} '''Junya:''' I see you are earnest in your pursuit. *sigh* Okay, how about this &mdash; my fellow disciple Nanako and I will explain Sensei's situation to you in a little more detail. Then you can decide whether to stay or to leave.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 12.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Sensei's name is Domon, a name I'm sure you've already heard.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 13.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Though self-taught, he mastered the art of the sword to a high level. He then proceeded to defeat many other prominent swordmasters, never losing a single fight.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 14.ogg}} '''Junya:''' He once said that his goal was to become the best swordmaster in the world.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 15.ogg}} '''Junya:''' And so, even while training us, he continued to hone his own art. His fervor truly inspired us, and we trained hard, determined to keep up with him.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 16.ogg}} '''Junya:''' But then...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 nanako 03.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' Not long ago, Sensei had his Vision taken away. He hasn't been the same since.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 nanako 04.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' He says the strangest things over and over, and he refuses to let us train...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 nanako 05.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' Junya and I have discussed it, and we both think that he's been possessed by an evil spirit. So, we've asked the shrine maidens from the Grand Narukami Shrine to perform an exorcism.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 nanako 06.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' But if I'm honest... I still have my doubts over whether he'll completely recover...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Grand Narukami Shrine? What's that?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 17.ogg}} '''Junya:''' You haven't heard of it? It's the largest shrine on Narukami Island. The head shrine maiden is reputed to have very close ties with the Almighty Shogun herself.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 18.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Not that we'd have any means of involving the head shrine maiden, of course... But even one of the ordinary shrine maidens from the Grand Narukami Shrine would have clear power and authority to perform an exorcism.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 19.ogg}} '''Junya:''' So don't worry, Nanako. Sensei is going to be just fine.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 junya 20.ogg}} '''Junya:''' The exorcism will take place this evening. You're both more than welcome to come and watch if you're interested.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... losing your Vision can cause possession? Uh, guess we should come back this evening and see for ourselves.

;(Talk to Junya again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq007 junya 01.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Sensei will be fine, I'm sure of it. He's a strong person.

;(Talk to Nanako again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq007 nanako 01.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' *sigh* I just hope Sensei doesn't have to endure this much longer...
----

;(Wait until night for the exorcism)
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 junya 01.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Shh... So, you decided to come? It's a good thing you didn't arrive any earlier &mdash; you would have had to witness Sensei in one of his fits of madness.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 junya 02.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Just now, when Nanako was attending to him, she heard him whispering a few names to himself.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 junya 03.ogg}} '''Junya:''' When she asked him who the people were, he suddenly looked panic-stricken and pushed her away.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 junya 04.ogg}} '''Junya:''' It looked like he was in great distress... He was covering his ears and looking frantically around him with bloodshot eyes.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 junya 05.ogg}} '''Junya:''' All the while he kept calling those names &mdash; some of them we knew, others we didn't recognize, but they all seemed to be the names of swordmasters he had defeated in the past.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 junya 06.ogg}} '''Junya:''' One of them was Anzai. He used to be a fellow disciple of Sensei's, his senior, in fact. But Sensei defeated him in a duel many years ago, and he has been a wanderer ever since.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 junya 07.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Sensei wouldn't stop calling his name... *sigh* Thankfully, the shrine maidens managed to subdue him, so the exorcism can finally continue.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 junya 08.ogg}} '''Junya:''' The ritual has now begun &mdash; all we can do is patiently await the result. Here's hoping Sensei will be back to his normal self very soon.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 junya 09.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Please excuse me for a moment while I fetch some water. If he wakes up, he is sure to be thirsty.
:{{Black Screen|''(Junya leaves for now. As you wait, you witness an unfamiliar, suspicious figure pass by in a flash.)''}}
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Huh?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who's that sneaking around? Uh-oh... could they be here to mess up the exorcism?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We won't let them get away with it! Come on, let's go after them!
;(Approach first trace)
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, seems they aren't here... should we keep going further up?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this definitely the right place? Let's look a little further up.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aha! Suspicious person sighted&mdash; that's gotta be him!

===Suspicious Person===
;(Talk to the suspicious person)
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 01.ogg}} '''???:''' How... How did you... catch up with me... so quickly...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Are you sure you're Domon's disciples? You move even quicker than he does...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Unless... I guess it's been a few years. Maybe his skills have improved again?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, excuse me! We're the ones asking the questions here! First off, who are you?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And what are you doing, sneaking around these parts, hmm? You seem like bad news, mister!
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Bad news? Hmph. I'll have you know I trained side-by-side with Domon back in the day &mdash; long before you ever showed up.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 05.ogg}} '''???:''' I don't care to talk about that time anymore... but if you must know, I am Domon's senior.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' His senior? Wait, that means you must be...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 06.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' Anzai. Yes, that's me.
:{{DIcon}} Why did you run?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 07.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' Because I don't wish to see Domon, or anyone else associated with him, ever again.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 08.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' When we were young, we trained under the same swordmaster, studying Meikyou Shisui Art together.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 09.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' I had begun training five years before him, and everyone looked up to me as a steady and dependable older disciple.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 10.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' Practitioners of Meikyou Shisui Art seek to achieve "stillness of mind, freedom from all agitation."So the majority of disciples are indifferent to rank and reward. I was no exception.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 11.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' But Domon was different. The first thing he did when he joined was go straight to our sensei and ask him, with a beaming smile on his face, how to become the best in the world.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 12.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' Sensei scolded him, and told him that the art of the sword should not be used for such vain ends. Sensei said that coveting the title of the best swordmaster, barely days into his training, showed that he had a fickle mind, and that this would impede him from ever mastering the blade.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 13.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' I thought so too, at the time... But Domon began making swift progress in his training, and even started catching up with me.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 14.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' Only then did I realize that it was Domon who had long since freed his mind from all agitation.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 15.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' He was consumed by his singular desire to become the best in the world. He sought nothing less than perfection in the art of the sword, and nothing could deter him from this goal, no matter what stood in his way.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure sounds like he meant business... So, how come you don't want to ever see him again?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 16.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' Because until he arrived, I was convinced that I would succeed our sensei as the master of Meikyou Shisui Art.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 17.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' Of all the disciples, I was the most gifted &mdash; I had trained the longest. Everyone had high expectations for me.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 18.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' Domon's arrival changed everything. When we sparred, I lost not just the match, but my pride and my status, too. I fled the dojo that day and never looked back.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 19.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' Later, I heard that he sparred with Sensei, too. Sensei was advanced in years by then, and unfortunately, that match used up every last ounce of energy in his body...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 20.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' After that, I wanted nothing further to do with him. Deep down, though, I still respected his mastery of the blade, and his commitment to the art of the sword.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 21.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' So when I heard rumors that he had lost his mind, my first reaction was to dismiss them as false. How could he, of all people, have lost his mind? His mind was the sharpest of them all &mdash; he had practiced Meikyou Shisui Art to perfection.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 22.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' I decided to quietly come and see if it were true. Then, to my complete astonishment, I heard him call my name... I thought mine was a name he had long since forgotten.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 23.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' So you see &mdash; I came here not to cause him any harm. I just wanted to see for myself.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 anzai 24.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' ...Okay, you've heard my story. You should get back now &mdash; the exorcism is probably finishing.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Seems like we got it wrong this time. He wasn't here to mess up the exorcism at all.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, Paimon's not sure we should bring him back with us... Uh, let's go see how the exorcism's coming along!

===Exorcism Site===
;(Upon returning to the dojo)
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 nanako 01.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' What? You're saying he isn't possessed?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 nanako 02.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' Does that mean he's just lost his mind? But how is that possible? ...No, I refuse to believe it. Something's clearly wrong!
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 junya 01.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Nanako, please, try not to get agitated...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 inagihotomi 01.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' I am sorry. With what powers I have, I can find no sign of any malignant spirit having possessed Domon.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 inagihotomi 02.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' But spirits may take a myriad of forms in this world, many of which I cannot claim to have witnessed myself. Thus, I dare not rule out possession with complete certainty.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 inagihotomi 03.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' And all is certainly not lost, for I received word not long ago that [[Lady Yae]] has taken an interest in your sensei's case.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 junya 02.ogg}} '''Junya:''' L&mdash;Lady Yae? Is that... the same Lady Yae that I think you mean?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 nanako 03.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' The head shrine maiden of the Grand Narukami Shrine? That's wonderful news! Then Sensei will be sure to recover...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 inagihotomi 04.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' Correct. Lady Yae is most knowledgeable indeed, and has abundant experience in the exorcism of evil spirits and aversion of great calamities.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 inagihotomi 05.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' I am unable to say for certain whether an evil spirit has possessed your sensei, but Lady Yae can give a conclusive verdict.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 junya 03.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Excuse me, Miss Inagi, but I must ask. Should we prepare a greeting gift for Lady Yae?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 inagihotomi 06.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' That won't be necessary. All that is required of you is your timely arrival at the Grand Narukami Shrine. Lady Yae does not like to be kept waiting.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 inagihotomi 07.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' I must leave now, but we will meet soon at the shrine. I wish Domon a full and speedy recovery.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 junya 04.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Who'd have thought Lady Yae herself would have taken notice of our sensei's case...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 nanako 04.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' Do you mean to say that Sensei isn't renowned enough to deserve Lady Yae's attention?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 junya 05.ogg}} '''Junya:''' No, no, that's not what I meant at all! You misunderstand me.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 junya 06.ogg}} '''Junya:''' I just mean... this is Lady Yae, the head shrine maiden! She has direct and close contact with the Almighty Shogun herself!
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 junya 07.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Ahem. Anyway, you should join us too, tomorrow.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 junya 08.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Given that you've traveled all this way just to meet our sensei, we the disciples of Meikyou Shisui Art will do our best to help you.
:{{DIcon}} I will gladly join you.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure! After all, everyone seems pretty excited about Lady Yae. We're curious to meet her, too.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who knows, maybe we'll be able to find out a thing or two about the Raiden Shogun from her...

===Grand Narukami Shrine===
;(Upon approaching the center of the Grand Narukami Shrine)
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' D&mdash;D'you think that's Lady Yae...? No wonder Junya was so excited... she has a really striking presence...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, is it just Paimon, or did she look right at us just now?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Eh, it was probably nothing... It's not like she's ever seen us before.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 01.ogg}} '''Domon:''' Keep away... Keep away from me...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 02.ogg}} '''Domon:''' I gave up the art of the sword... Please, let me go, I beg you...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 inagihotomi 01.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' As you can see, Lady Yae.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 inagihotomi 02.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' Domon has persisted in this state for some time now. He appears to see those who have lost to him in duels past, gathered all around him to persecute him.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 nanako 01.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' Lady Yae, it must be a possession... right?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 nanako 02.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' This is nothing like him at all. In the past, no matter what came his way, he would always face it with a confident smile.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I am sorry. It is clear to me that your sensei is not possessed by any evil spirit.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 nanako 03.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' But... Then, d&mdash;does that mean he...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm, yes. This is a change in the person himself.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Unable to cope with the tremendous pressure he was under, he suffered a spiritual collapse. With his wits impaired, he finally descended into madness.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As one who is thrown into the sea, though he fights back desperately against his predicament, it does nothing to prevent his descent into the depths.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As for what has triggered this change, I believe it must be the loss of his Vision. For to be stripped of one's Vision is to be stripped of one's ambition.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 junya 01.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Stripped of his ambition...? But, Lady Yae, even without his ambition, why should he suffer such a dramatic change? How does that explain his descent into madness?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Your school practices Meikyou Shisui Art, does it not?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' "Stillness of mind, freedom from all agitation"... What a fine notion that would be, if any in this world could ever hope to achieve it...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' There was once one who claimed to be indifferent to rank and reward, and who fled enraged when defeated by his junior. And then there was an aged swordmaster who was aggrieved enough that he crossed blades with a disciple he himself had taught.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Then, what of the one who crossed blades with his own sensei and beloved fellow disciple, and defeated them both? Can one truly remain unagitated, of still mind, in moments such as these?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 nanako 04.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' Lady Yae... I'm not sure I understand...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The path of the swordmaster is filled with twists and turns. It is no small undertaking to pursue the position of greatest swordmaster in the world.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It requires one to take their sword firmly in both hands and cut down the hopes and dreams of others... even those of one's closest companions.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Only a deep commitment to his ambition to become the best made it possible for him to rise above the pain of these encounters &mdash; to focus on the way ahead.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' When that ambition disappeared, he began to doubt himself. As he battled his growing anxiety... he slowly descended into the state you see him in now.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Heh... Much like a certain fatally flawed friend of mine.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 nanako 05.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' Poor Sensei... To think he's been suffering so greatly...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 03.ogg}} '''Domon:''' I'm sorry... It's all my fault...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 04.ogg}} '''Domon:''' Father, Sensei... Anzai...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 anzai 01.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' That's enough!
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Isn't that Anzai? Where'd he come from?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did he follow us the whole way here?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 05.ogg}} '''Domon:''' Anzai... Why are there two of you...? Is that you, or a ghost?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 06.ogg}} '''Domon:''' You're here for revenge, aren't you... I knew it would come... I never should have&mdash;
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 anzai 02.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' You're right to assume that my feelings towards you are far from kindly. *sigh* But I didn't come here to settle a score.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 anzai 03.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' It's been so long now that I made peace with it years ago. You did nothing wrong that day, I just... I couldn't face the humiliation. That's why I ran.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 anzai 04.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' I don't think most of the people you beat along the way would hold it against you. On the contrary, when you cut our ambitions short, we entrusted them to you, in the hope that they might carry you further.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 anzai 05.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' Now, I know that we can't place our hopes in you any longer, since you've been stripped of your ambitions, too...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 anzai 06.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' But that is no reason to strip them of theirs! "Follow the way of the sword all the way to the highest peak."You taught them that, didn't you?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 07.ogg}} '''Domon:''' But, what if one day... the same thing happens to them...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 08.ogg}} '''Domon:''' I put everything I had into trying to become the best... but what if it was all a huge mistake, right from the start?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 09.ogg}} '''Domon:''' If there's a chance they'll end up like me one day, I'd rather they stay where they are now than go any further down this path...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 anzai 07.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' ...Have you asked them what they think?
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 nanako 06.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' Sensei... After you rescued me from the hands of the pirates, I told myself I would follow in your footsteps for the rest of my days.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 nanako 07.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' I can't know whether I will suffer in my future as you do now. All I know is that here and now, in the present, I wish to continue.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 nanako 08.ogg}} '''Nanako:''' I want to keep going until the day that I can stand before everyone with my head held high and announce that I, like my sensei Domon before me, am a master of Meikyou Shisui Art!
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 junya 02.ogg}} '''Junya:''' Nanako's far from the only one... Actually, all of us think that way.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 10.ogg}} '''Domon:''' Goodness... Well, I...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 anzai 08.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' You see? You can place the ambition you once had in their hands.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 anzai 09.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' Being stripped of your ambition is something that's never happened to me, so I can't claim to understand it. But I do know what it feels like to have your ambitions crushed... that's what happened on the day that you so effortlessly defeated me.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 anzai 10.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' So, just as I once placed my ambitions onto you, it is time for you to release yours into their custody.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 anzai 11.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' You are not in the same position that I was. When I left, I had nothing to my name, but you have a great number of worthy disciples.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 11.ogg}} '''Domon:''' I... I understand.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 12.ogg}} '''Domon:''' I am sorry to have made you worry for me and for the state of Meikyou Shisui Art.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 13.ogg}} '''Domon:''' I no longer have the resolve to become the best in the world... the emptiness and suffering inside of me will not abate, so I cannot hope to still my mind and be free of agitation.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 14.ogg}} '''Domon:''' But as your sensei, I shall commit to imparting unto you everything I have learned in my life so far.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 domon 15.ogg}} '''Domon:''' This is my promise, and I humbly ask Anzai, my senior, to hold me to my word.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 anzai 12.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' You can count on that. I'd be checking in on you occasionally anyway, just to make sure you hadn't lost your mind again...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 anzai 13.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' But I am now used to the life of a wanderer. I do not belong in the dojo anymore. So I will simply stop by once in a while to make sure you aren't cutting any corners with them.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 anzai 14.ogg}} '''Anzai:''' Well, don't just stand there staring at me. Say thank you to Lady Yae and then get yourself back home.
:{{Black Screen|''The Meikyou Shisui Art disciples thank the head shrine maiden, turn, and leave.''}}
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, even though his ambition was taken away, his disciples can take it over on his behalf. Guess that sorta solves this one, huh?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, it seems as good of a resolution as we can hope for.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 inagihotomi 03.ogg}} '''Inagi Hotomi:''' Traveler, a moment, please. Lady Yae has some words for you.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...So, my intuition was correct.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The wind that blows from afar carries fresh life to these shores...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' For us to meet now is premature. Nevertheless, you set foot on these islands at precisely the right moment.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... I have high hopes for you, child. Don't disappoint me.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, Lady Yae seems to have taken a real interest in you.
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She seems super mysterious... Paimon's so curious what she really meant by all of that...
:{{A|vo dqaq007 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, we can come back to it another time. For now, we should go report back to Miss Kamisato.

{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* Several of [[Yae Miko]]'s lines also feature in the [[Version 2.0]] preview trailer.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Swordmaster's Path Is Paved With Broken Blades
|zhs     = 剑道家的道路铺满剑道梦的碎片
|zhs_rm  = Jiàndào Jiā de Dàolù Pù Mǎn Jiàndào Mèng de Suìpiàn
|zht     = 劍道家的道路鋪滿劍道夢的碎片
|zht_rm  = Jiàndào Jiā de Dàolù Pù Mǎn Jiàndào Mèng de Suìpiàn
|zh_tl   = The Swordmaster's Path is Fully Paved with Broken Pieces of the Blade-Art Dream
|ja      = 夢によって敷かれた剣道家の道
|ja_rm   = Yume ni Yotte Shikareta Kendouka no Michi
|ja_tl   = A Swordmaster's Path, Paved With Dreams
|ko      = 검객이 걸어온 길엔 부서진 꿈의 파편이 가득하네
|ko_rm   = Geomgaegi Georeo'on Giren Buseojin Kkum-ui Papyeoni Gadeukane
|ko_tl   = The Path the Swordsman has Walked is Full of Fragments of Broken Dreams
|es      = Un camino lleno de sueños rotos
|es_tl   = A Path Full of Broken Dreams
|fr      = Le chemin d'un épéiste est pavé de lames brisées
|fr_tl   = A Swordsman's Path Is Paved With Broken Blades
|ru      = Путь мастера меча вымощен сломанными клинками
|ru_tl   = A Swordmaster's Path Is Paved With Broken Blades
|th      = เส้นทางของนักดาบที่เต็มไปด้วยเศษเสี้ยวแห่งความฝัน
|th_rm   = Senthang khong Nak Dap thi Tem-pai-duai Setsiao haeng Khwamfan
|th_tl   = A Swordmaster's Path That is Full of Fragments of Dreams
|vi      = Con Đường Kiếm Đạo Lát Bằng Ước Mơ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Weg eines Schwertmeisters ist mit gebrochenen Klingen gepflastert
|de_tl   = The Path of a Swordmaster Is Paved with Broken Blades
|id      = Jalan Seorang Ahli Pedang Terbentuk dari Pedang yang Hancur
|id_tl   = A Swordmaster's Path Is Formed of Shattered Blades
|pt      = O Caminho de um Espadachim é Pavimentado com Espadas Quebradas
|pt_tl   = A Swordmaster's Path Is Paved With Broken Swords
|tr      = Kılıç Ustasının Yolu Kırık Kılıçlarla Döşelidir
|tr_tl   = The Swordmaster's Path Is Paved With Broken Blades
|it      = La via di un maestro di spada è tappezzata di lame spezzate
|it_tl   = The Path of a Master Swordsman is Carpeted with Broken Blades
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[es:Un camino lleno de sueños rotos]]
[[ja:夢によって敷かれた剣道家の道]]
[[pt-br:O Caminho de um Espadachim é Pavimentado com Espadas Quebradas]]
[[ru:Путь мастера меча вымощен сломанными клинками]]
[[vi:Con Đường Kiếm Đạo Lát Bằng Ước Mơ]]