{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 04011
|image         = Archon Quest A Tea Party Most Thorny.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = IV
|act           = To the Stars Shining in the Depths
|actNum        = III
|part          = 1
|characters    = Charlotte; Deakin; Furina; Isadora; Madeleine (A Tea Party Most Thorny); Marette; Neuvillette; Paimon; Arlecchino; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Fleuve Cendre]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Fleuve Cendre
|prev          = When All Return to the Waters
|next          = Fortress of Meropide (Quest)
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*850;Mora*36,825;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=A Tea Party Most Thorny|chapter=4|act=3|part=1}}

==Steps==
# Return to [[Spina di Rosula]]'s base in the [[Court of Fontaine]]
# Talk to [[Neuvillette]]
# Go to [[Café Lutece]]
# Find Neuvillette at the entrance to the [[Fortress of Meropide]]
# Ride the lift and enter the Fortress of Meropide
# Talk to [[Marette]] and complete the required procedures
# Follow [[Deakin]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Starting at step 5, the quest may be blocked by the {{Quest|Unfinished Comedy}}.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Visitor to the "Aquarium"|.}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Now that the serial disapperances case has been solved, you decide to rest up for a while, but something is stirring in the dark...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon obtaining quest)
:{{A|vo fdaq101 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Y'know, we've been walking around for a while now. Why don't we go back to the Spina di Rosula base in the Court of Fontaine and have a rest?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Navia]] said something about having a place ready for us there, didn't she? C'mon, let's go!

;(Approach Spina di Rosula's base)
:{{A|vo fdaq101 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, here's the room, and it's empty and waiting for us as promised! Navia is such a good person.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that the serial disappearances case has been solved, no one's going to come after us for anything. Even without [[Silver]] standing guard, we can just completely relax!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't we stay and rest up here for a while? Even machines in Fontaine need to stop and recharge now and then.
:{{DIcon}} If we wanted to rest...
:{{DIcon}} Couldn't we pick somewhere with a decent view?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' C'mon, this place isn't that bad. Besides, how often do we get to stay in an actual base?
:;(The Traveler gives her a sceptical look.)
:{{DIcon}} The truth, Paimon.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, fine, fine!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Remember that detective story Paimon read before? Well, the author is about to release a new book, so Paimon wanted to buy it as soon as it came out and have a quiet place to read it...
:{{DIcon}} Fair enough.
:{{DIcon}} Just don't spoil the ending for me this time.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yipee! Then it's agreed! Come on, let's get some sleep. We'll need to be up first thing in the morning to get in line and buy a copy!
:{{Black Screen|You and Paimon relax for a while at Spina di Rosula's base in the Court of Fontaine...}}
:;(One morning, several days later, the two are sitting at one of the tables outside the Spina's bar.)
:{{A|vo fdaq101 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't expect that style at all! Even though it's a detective novel, it's also like a social documentary... hmm, it's actually pretty good.
:{{DIcon}} You just finished it?
:{{DIcon}} You're a pretty slow reader, Paimon.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' N&mdash;No... Paimon just spends a bit more time sleeping than you, that's all!
:;(A woman approaches the table, and the Travler stands to receive her.)
:{{A|vo fdaq101 2 isadora 01.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' Excuse me... But do you know if {{Traveler}} and Paimon are lodging here?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Who're you? Paimon doesn't recall seeing you before... Wait, you're not here to give us trouble, are you?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 2 isadora 02.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' A blond traveler and a chatty little fairy... Whew, looks like I've found the place. Good thing I asked the Spina di Rosula, seems they sent me the right way.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what do you mean by "chatty"!? Paimon's always careful not to talk too much!&nbsp;...Most of the time, anyway...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 2 isadora 03.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' It's an honor to meet you both. I was sent from the [[Palais Mermonia]]. Monsieur Neuvillette wishes to see you. It seems he has something important to discuss in person.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Neuvillette? He wants to see us again already? We talked so much the last time we met, has something happened since then?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 2 isadora 04.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' I am not privy to the details. It would be best if you came to the Palais Mermonia and asked Monsieur Neuvillette in person.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you say so... But Paimon has a bad feeling about this...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 2 isadora 05.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' Now that I've delivered the message, I'll take my leave.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks! We haven't left the room for a few days, so we'll head over once we've freshened up a bit.
----
;(Talk to Neuvillette)
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Neuvillette! We're here! Did you want to see us about something?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why were you just standing there? You daydreaming, or thinking something over?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Yes... I did send someone to fetch you. But as for what I'd like to discuss next... Well, I still have some reservations...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Given that we've already made the trip here, you should just tell us! Bet you need us to help you with something, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I do indeed have something I'd like to ask you to do, however... you should wait until after I tell you the details, then decide for yourselves whether you'd like to help or not.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The situation is this...
:{{Black Screen|A while earlier, at the Palais Mermonia...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...It has come to my attention that the Snezhnayan Harbinger known as [[The Knave]] wants a diplomatic meeting with you, correct?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I heard that she was originally from Fontaine, but for her to suddenly arrive here and abruptly request such a meeting like this...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I sincerely advise you to refuse her invitation outright.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I'm sure you're aware that her purpose is most likely related to [[Childe]]'s recent predicament...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' We convicted one of the Snezhnayan Harbingers in a court of law, but we have yet to provide any form of detailed report on the matter. This does indeed provide an opportunity for Snezhnaya to put pressure on us.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I believe we should adopt an evasive stance until we can provide a proper explanation and have a preliminary plan on how to deal with the matter.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' No... we shouldn't... I think we should agree to the meeting.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Oh?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Well, you see... we are the ones that owe an explanation. If we keep putting off the meeting, it could easily result in the problem escalating, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 04.ogg}} '''Furina:''' It's like... like a fight between two friends. If they don't agree to see each other and talk in person, isn't it possible that the friendship could end entirely?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Though diplomatic relations between Fontaine and Snezhnaya could be considered as friendly, it is only superficially so. You wouldn't go so far as to say that our nations are "friends" as you did in your example.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 05.ogg}} '''Furina:''' *sigh* It was just an analogy... an analogy, okay?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 12.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Moreover, even if we were to talk in person, if we don't have sufficient information prepared, it is quite possible the result wouldn't be restored relations, but a complete falling-out.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 06.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Hmm, I don't think we should overthink those possibilities yet... *ahem* Even if the logic of the divine is not immediately apparent, its wisdom will only be revealed with time.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 07.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Besides, you'll be at the meeting! If any problems do pop up, you'll have no problem navigating them.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 13.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I must clarify that interacting and communicating with people outside of court is not my cup of tea. It seems you think too much of me.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 14.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' But more importantly... When did I agree to join the meeting with you?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 08.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Eeeeh!? You mean you won't come? No... no no no, that won't do! I can't go to the meeting alone, you have to accompany me, I must take you with me...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 15.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Lady Furina, could there be something else regarding this matter that is being kept from me?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 09.ogg}} '''Furina:''' No, not at all... Look, I am the Hydro Archon of Fontaine, Focalors. The God of Justice, who is loved and adored by many...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 10.ogg}} '''Furina:''' So, I only hope that justice will be served in this matter. Don't overthink it... I'll go find someone to arrange the meeting...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 16.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{Black Screen|The time for the meeting with The Knave that Lady Furina insisted upon arrives...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 01.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Though it could officially be considered a diplomatic conference, I prefer to see our meeting today as an ordinary tea party.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 02.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' I assume you see it the same way, Miss Furina?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 11.ogg}} '''Furina:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 03.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Lady Furina?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 12.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Ah? Oh... yes, yes, that's right! Just like you said, a tea party. I should thank you for providing the pastries, they look delectable.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 13.ogg}} '''Furina:''' To make this tea party even more lively, I've invited someone else to join us today...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 04.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' It's a pleasure to meet you, Monsieur Neuvillette. I was born in Fontaine, so naturally, there's no need to introduce the nation's revered Iudex to me.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 17.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Hello, the pleasure is also mine.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 05.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' First, I would like to thank the two of you. I'm often away on business outside of Fontaine. and I'm told that the children of the House of the Hearth have been well taken care of by you.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 14.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Uh...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 06.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Oh, I'm not referring to when my children Lyney and Lynette were falsely accused by you, please don't misunderstand.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 07.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' The children of the House of the Hearth are often misunderstood, perhaps due to the reputation of the Fatui. There's no getting around that.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 08.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' All I meant to say is that Fontaine has been stable in recent years. The people are well off and the children lead happy, fulfilled lives.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 09.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' That is something truly worth cherishing, and no one wishes to disrupt such peace...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 18.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Now then. You have come regarding the matter of Childe, correct?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 10.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Well, yes... It appears the ever-busy Iudex Neuvillette doesn't wish to waste time with diplomatic pleasantries and hopes that we can get straight to the point of our talk.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 11.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Yes, as you surmised, understanding Childe's situation is indeed one of the goals of this trip.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 12.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' As we are both diplomats from Snezhnaya as well as Fatui Harbingers, Childe and I have always been colleagues...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 13.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Were anything to happen in Fontaine, each of us would serve as the other's attorney to resolve the issue.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 14.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' So now, in my capacity as his attorney, I request that Childe be turned over to Snezhnaya. We have a responsibility to cooperate with Fontaine and resolve what has happened to him together.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 19.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The rules governing attorneys only apply before a trial has concluded. Since a verdict has already been rendered, we see the case as settled. I apologize for being unable to grant your request.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 15.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' An outright refusal... Very well. I respect all the rules of Fontaine's courts, just as I respect you as Chief Justice.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 16.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Okay, why don't we back up a step?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 17.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' You don't need to transfer Childe to us. I only request to enter the Fortress of Meropide to see Childe and confirm his condition.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 arlecchino 18.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' It's not like you couldn't even manage to fulfill a simple request like that, right, Miss Furina?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 furina 15.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Uh, um, about th&mdash;that...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 20.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The Fortress of Meropide has always been completely autonomous. Even we have no authority to interfere there, and diplomatic issues do not suffice as an excuse.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 3 neuvillette 21.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' However, if you absolutely must confirm the situation of the Harbinger, I have a proposal...
:;(In the present)
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Knave showed up already? Well, Lyney did say that "Father will be returning soon"...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We didn't even know that Lyney was from the House of the Hearth at the time, so we kinda overlooked that information.
:{{DIcon}} Please be careful, Neuvillette.
:{{DIcon}} The Knave won't be easy to deal with.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Yes, thank you for your kind advice. I'm well aware of the situation.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I also noticed that Lady Furina acts a little odd and unnatural whenever I bring up matters related to The Knave...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could The Knave be threatening Lady Furina or something?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' If that were the case, then why wouldn't Lady Furina inform me? And what means could The Knave possibly have to twist the arm of an archon?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, so maybe that's not very likely... Even though Furina can act a little weird at times, she's still an Archon...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' In reality, this problem is even more thorny than it appears. According to reports from the Fortress of Meropide, Childe recently disappeared under mysterious circumstances.
:{{DIcon}} Disappeared?
:{{DIcon}} Did he escape?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The details are still unclear. We cannot rule out an escape, but there have also been no reports of him outside of the Fortress of Meropide.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Special guards oversee the Fortress, and its internal systems are extensive. Combined with the special characteristics of the surrounding terrain, an escape should not be possible. I suspect that there's something else behind Childe's disappearance.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I was only willing to share this information with you because you are friends of Childe, and it is my duty to see justice done.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this is what you wanted to see us about before...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Yes. I would like you to go to the Fortress of Meropide and investigate Childe's disappearance.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' This was my proposal during our meeting with The Knave. Rather than allowing her to intervene, I offered to send someone to find out about Childe's situation and report back to her in detail.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The Knave did not seem satisfied by my proposal, but she still agreed to go along with it for the time being. Her words were, "We will talk more once we have that report."
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that means we bought ourselves some time.
:{{DIcon}} But why do you want us to go?
:{{DIcon}} Wouldn't it be more convenient to have an official from Fontaine do this?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Firstly, you're already acquainted with Childe. Your eyes may discern relevant details there that others would miss.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 12.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' And secondly is the consideration of the unique nature of the Fortress of Meropide...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Isn't it just Fontaine's prison?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 13.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I would not define it so crudely. The Fortress of Meropide is not affiliated with the court system of Fontaine on paper. It has always existed as an "autonomous" entity.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 14.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Early in Fontaine's history, criminals were punished with exile, not imprisonment. Even today, sentences against convicted criminals still include exile, just as before.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 15.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The Fortress of Meropide may seem like a prison, but it should in fact be regarded as a gathering place for exiles.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 16.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' All we do is dispatch guards to keep watch and help maintain security, but we have no right to get involved with any other matters.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 17.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Although I do have a personal relationship with the administrator there, neither myself nor the courts have the right to be directly involved with the investigation, no matter how serious the grounds.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon gets it now! That's why you need us to conduct our own investigation as a third party, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 18.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Correct. I will arrange false charges against you so that you may secretly investigate inside the fortress during your detention. This will save us a lot of unnecessary trouble.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 19.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' So, are you two willing to accept my proposal?
:{{DIcon}} Since you're in such a tough spot...
:{{DIcon}} Well, Childe is our friend, after all...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, no matter how you look at it, it seems we're the best choice. Alright, we hereby accept this difficult task... uh, reluctantly!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 20.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You two have my sincere thanks. This matter is of critical importance to Fontaine's current situation. Also, I hope that both of you can keep this operation a secret.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 21.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' We will rendezvous at the Fortress of Meropide's entrance on Erinnyes once you've prepared yourselves. I will arrange for someone to take you inside.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Prepared ourselves...? Uh, is there something we need to prepare?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 22.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Perhaps you could enjoy a good meal and have a nice bath. I'm afraid that living conditions inside the Fortress are nothing like those on the outside world.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! Even though we'll be there on trumped-up charges, we'll be in prison for real...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, on second thought... Is it too late to back out?
:{{DIcon}} You didn't even consider the fact we'd be prisoners?
:{{DIcon}} We've already agreed, Paimon. Just accept it.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 23.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Please, do not worry. Since you are sacrificing both your time and quality of life for the sake of delivering this report...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 24.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You will be compensated according to the highest standards permitted to legal staff, regardless of the outcome.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that's more like it... C'mon {{Traveler}}, let's go eat the best meal we can find! We'll eat so much that we won't need to eat another meal for a whole month, your treat!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 4 neuvillette 25.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Are you leaving now? In that case, please take this cake as a token of my personal gratitude.

;(Talk to Neuvillette again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq101 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Oh, no need to thank me for it. Just be sure to enjoy it.
----
;(Approach Café Lutece)
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon'll have that, and that... Oh! And one of those too! And no Fonta! Thank you!
:{{DIcon}} You sure ordered a lot...
:{{DIcon}} Didn't you just finish eating the cake that Neuvillette gave us?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That cake was pretty good, but as soon as Paimon remembered that we're about to go to prison, Paimon's stomach suddenly became completely empty!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that Paimon thinks about it, we've always been super careful ever since we arrived in Fontaine, just to avoid breaking any strange laws here...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But here we are, about to willingly send ourselves off to the Fortress of Meropide... Maybe this is what they call fate.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Let's just try our best to investigate everything quickly once we get there... Paimon doesn't want to stay in prison too long...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 charlotte 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Oh, what is that I hear? Is it the taste of a breaking story?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, you can't hear a taste! And what are you doing here, Charlotte?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 charlotte 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Ugh, don't remind me... I invited an eyewitness to a case to eat here, and I was planning to get some great material out of him... But he didn't even show up!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 charlotte 03.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' *sigh* Calm down, calm down... This is nothing new, as a journalist, you should be used to this by now... as long as you can score some juicy tidbits from {{Traveler}}, you might still be able to recover the cost of the meal...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, you know we can still hear you, Charlotte...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 charlotte 04.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Hahaha! Never mind, it's nothing... I just heard you mention the Fortress of Meropide. You didn't commit a crime, did you? Please tell me all about it...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way, we would never! We're just going there to...
:{{DIcon}} Ahem...!
:{{DIcon}} ACHOO!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Uh... um... to...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, Paimon almost forgot that Neuvillette told us to keep it a secret...
:{{DIcon}} We're going to serve our sentences and redeem ourselves...
:{{DIcon}} For spoiling the ending of a detective novel in public.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 charlotte 05.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Huh? You're being arrested for that?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 charlotte 06.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Oh... But now that I think about it, I suppose that's not completely unreasonable. That's pretty despicable, almost as offensive as committing theft.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh...? You mean Paimon really did something that serious?
:{{DIcon}} See? I told you, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} You didn't even think anything of it at the time.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sorry! Paimon really messed up!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 charlotte 07.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Hmm, in that case, it's nothing particularly newsworthy after all... How disappointing...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 charlotte 08.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Oh, right, there's still a chance... Since you're going to be at the Fortress of Meropide... Would you be willing to help me gather some material for a story?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, about that... Paimon doesn't think we'll have any time...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 charlotte 09.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Ah, it's nothing difficult. All you have to do is think of a way to get some time face to face with the [[Wriothesley|warden of the fortress]].
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 charlotte 10.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' He was awarded the honorary title of "Duke" in Fontaine. Sounds really cool huh? Only those who have made significant contributions to the nation have been conferred this title, it's incredibly rare.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 charlotte 11.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' On top of that, the Fortress of Meropide has never been under the jurisdiction of the courts. Practically nobody, including journalists like me, knows anything about the person in charge there.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 charlotte 12.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' If I could write an exclusive article about him, I bet it would sell a boatload of papers!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You make it sound easy, but it really depends...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 charlotte 13.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Of course, I wouldn't ask you to do it for free, so this meal is on me!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, you've got a deal! We'll do anything you want!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 5 charlotte 14.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Hehe, then it's settled! The food should be here any second, right? Huh!? Wait, just how much did you order!?
:{{Black Screen|After completely stuffing yourselves, you prepare to go to the Fortress of Meropide...}}

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, Paimon's so full... Well, guess we have nothing to regret now, so let's get going!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, wait... Paimon just said something really ominous, didn't she?

;(Talk to Charlotte again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq101 charlotte 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' I had no idea you could eat so much! That didn't go according to plan... Please, please don't forget about the material for my news article!
----
;(Approach Neuvillette)
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright Neuvillette, we're ready. Is this where the entrance is?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You have come, just as promised. Yes, this is the one and only entrance to the Fortress of Meropide from Erinnyes.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Careful, you may want to step back a bit.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! So you have to go down from here... is the prison underwater?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Utilizing both the barrier of the water as well as the fear humans have of the depths, the Fortress of Meropide is naturally the perfect place to confine and guard criminals.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' But do not worry, it's not nearly as frightening inside as you may think. You will see for yourselves once you're down there.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Paimon hopes you're right... Dunno about you, but just thinking about being at the bottom of the sea like that gives Paimon the heebie-jeebies!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Oh, and there's one more thing... I mentioned that I have had personal dealings with the administrator of the Fortress, Wriothesley... He's a very... shrewd fellow.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we've heard about him too. He's that "Duke," right?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Correct. He is the highest ranking manager of the underwater prison. Even though you are going there to investigate at my behest, it would behoove you to avoid any confrontation with him or any of his subordinates.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The Duke rarely ever leaves the Fortress of Meropide, but that does not mean he is not privy to all that's happening inside and outside the fortress. He is "quiet," but not "unaware," so please bear that in mind.
:{{DIcon}} The Duke, Wriothesley...
:{{DIcon}} I'll keep that in mind.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Alright, that's about all the time that we have to talk privately. I am counting on you two.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, we won't let you down!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Good. Madeleine...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 madeleine 01a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo fdaq101 6 madeleine 01b.ogg}}--> '''Madeleine:''' I'm here, Monsieur Neuvillette. These two are the newest convicts, I presume? Don't worry, they won't escape on my watch.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, like we would try!
:{{A|vo fdaq101 6 madeleine 02.ogg}} '''Madeleine:''' Please follow me, you two. I'll process your paperwork for entering the Fortress of Meropide.

;(Ride the lift)
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are we already underwater now...?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this is what it feels like to be a criminal in Fontaine...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 madeleine 01.ogg}} '''Madeleine:''' You two seem to be taking this pretty well. It's rare to see convicts in such a good mood.
----
;(Approach Marette)
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 marette 01.ogg}} '''Marette:''' *yawn* Oh, it's you Madeleine. Why'd they make you make the trip down here today?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 madeleine 02.ogg}} '''Madeleine:''' Monsieur Neuvillette personally requested I escort these two convicts. I suppose he was concerned others might not be up to the task.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 marette 02.ogg}} '''Marette:''' *sigh* Well now, aren't you the lucky one... Must be nice to be on good terms with the big shots like the Chief Justice. The only people I get to see every day are the new inmates.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 madeleine 03.ogg}} '''Madeleine:''' Well, have you tried "service with a smile"? Who knows, it might help your professional reputation.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 marette 03.ogg}} '''Marette:''' Yeah right, as if. Every criminal comes through here looking miserable. How can I smile with such a toxic work environment?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 marette 04.ogg}} '''Marette:''' And even if I did smile at them, the convicts would probably just think that I'm some freak getting some kind of twisted enjoyment from their pain.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, she's got a point.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 madeleine 04.ogg}} '''Madeleine:''' Well, I've finished transferring you. You two will register here, and Marette will guide you through the remaining procedures.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 marette 05.ogg}} '''Marette:''' *sigh* Yep, I'll take it from here. You head on back to that bright and sunny world above.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 marette 06.ogg}} '''Marette:''' Okay, let me see... You are {{Traveler}} and Paimon, correct?
:{{DIcon}} Present.
:{{DIcon}} That's right.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That would be us.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 marette 07.ogg}} '''Marette:''' Let me confirm your charges and sentence. Let's see, you two are charged with...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 marette 08.ogg}} '''Marette:''' ...Eating a cake specially prepared for the archon by a Snezhnayan envoy without the archon's permission, thereby incapacitating the political center of Fontaine for a brief period. Sentence: 45 days...?
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait, you mean the cake that Neuvillette gave us was...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 marette 09.ogg}} '''Marette:''' Just looking at the charges... It seems you two are capable of causing some serious trouble.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 marette 10.ogg}} '''Marette:''' And considering how fond Lady Furina is of sweets, this crime is tantamount to trying to assassinate the Hydro Archon herself.
:{{DIcon}} You flatter us.
:{{DIcon}} You really have an eye for criminals.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 marette 11.ogg}} '''Marette:''' Now I've seen everything... Anyway, we still need to finish processing you before you can enter the Fortress of Meropide.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 marette 12.ogg}} '''Marette:''' Please stand in front of the board over there. I'll take your mug shots with my Kamera.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, alright... But be sure to catch Paimon's good side!
:{{Black Screen|Under Marette's guidance, you complete all the required procedures...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 marette 13.ogg}} '''Marette:''' ...And we're done. Thank you for your cooperation. Next, someone will be along to guide you inside the fortress. Please be sure to cherish this opportunity for rebirth.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? "Rebirth"? Isn't that a little much? We're only going to be here for 45 days.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 deakin 01.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' You two are the new inmates, right? Follow me.
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, okay. Paimon is Paimon, and this is {{Traveler}}...
:{{A|vo fdaq101 8 deakin 02.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' Save it, unlike I'll remember your names. Move it.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Unsorted Voice-Over===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq101 madeleine 01.ogg}} '''Madeleine:''' Please use the elevator to proceed below.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Tea Party Most Thorny
|zhs     = 锋芒难掩的茶会
|zhs_rm  = Fēngmáng Nán Yǎn de Cháhuì
|zht     = 鋒芒難掩的茶會
|zht_rm  = Fēngmáng Nán Yǎn de Cháhuì
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 棘の隠せないお茶会
|ja_rm   = Toge no Kakusenai Ochakai
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 가시 돋친 다과회
|ko_tl   = A Thorny Tea Party
|es      = Una peliaguda hora del té
|es_tl   = A Tricky Teatime
|fr      = Un thé très épicé
|fr_tl   = A Very Spicy Tea
|ru      = Непростое чаепитие
|ru_tl   = An Uneasy Tea Party
|th      = งานเลี้ยงน้ำชาที่ยากจะปกปิดความเชือดเฉือน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tiệc Trà Sóng Gió
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine ausgesprochen scharfe Teegesellschaft
|de_tl   = A Remarkably Hot Tea Party
|id      = Pesta Teh Berduri-Duri
|id_tl   = Thorny Tea Party
|pt      = Uma Festa do Chá Complicada
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Çay Harareti Alır
|tr_tl   = The Tea Takes the Heat
|it      = Un tè spinoso
|it_tl   = A Thorny Tea
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter IV}}

[[es:Una peliaguda hora del té]]