{{EventTabs
|rootpage = A Thousand Questions With Paimon/2021-04-06
}}
The following are questions that you may receive in the web event '''A Thousand Questions With Paimon'''. Only the correct answers are listed.

==Questions from Previous Runs==
{{Main|A Thousand Questions With Paimon/2020-12-18/Story}}
Questions are often reused from previous events. If an answer for a question isn't on this page, it may be in previous runs.

==List of Possible Questions==
'''''Use Ctrl+F (find) to search up particular questions'''''
----
After dying in a Domain, you are automatically teleported to the nearest Statue of the Seven.
*'''False'''
----
After using his Elemental Burst, Lightning Fang, Razor's Normal Attacks will deal {{Color|Electro DMG}}.
*'''False'''
----
Amber is the Knights of Favonius' only:
*'''Outrider'''
----
At which of the following Liyue restaurants can you try Xiangling's cooking?
*'''Wanmin Restaurant'''
----
Barbara's Elemental Skill "Let the Show Begin" will intermittently apply Hydro to the active character. This can be used to clear Electro from a character who has had it applied to them.
*'''False'''
----
Barbara's Talent, Glorious Season, is able to decrease the Stamina Consumption of all party members when Barbara is in the party.
*'''False'''
----
Beidou's fleet is called:
*'''The Crux Fleet'''
----
Can two characters of the same element activate an Elemental Resonance in Co-Op Mode?
*'''True'''
----
Cryo attacks can destroy Pyro Abyss Mages shields at the same rate as Hydro attacks &mdash; is this statement true?
*'''False'''
----
Currently, each Shrine of Depths can only be opened once, and cannot be reset &mdash; is this statement true?
*'''False'''
----
Donna, an assistant at Floral Whisper flower store, is infatuated with:
*'''Diluc'''
----
During the Windblume Festival event "The Great Bubble Crash," how many bubbles may there be in a row?
*'''5'''
----
Each character has their own Fullness meter. Once it is full, that character cannot continue to consume Dishes. Based on what factor does the Fullness meter return to normal?
*'''Time'''
----
Fatui Skirmishers will empower themselves in battle, and these empowerments must be removed to defeat them quickly. Of the following interactions, which one is the least efficient?
*'''Electrohammer Vanguard – use {{Color|Pyro DMG}}'''
----
For which of the following can Geo Sigils not be exchanged?
*'''Talent Level-Up Materials'''
----
How many Boss Enemies are currently recorded in the Adventurer Handbook?
*'''8'''
----
How many Elemental Resonances can a single party have active at once?
*'''2'''
----
How many Elemental Resonances can you have in a party at once?
*'''2'''
----
How many elements make up the continent of Teyvat?
*'''7'''
----
How many Fortify stacks can Zhongli's Passive Talent "Resonant Waves" provide?
*'''5'''
----
How many kinds of elemental Primordial Showers do Primo Geovishaps have at their disposal?
*'''4'''
----
How many members does Benny's Adventure Team have?
*'''1'''
----
How many tunes can be played in the Windblume Festival event Ballads of Breeze?
*'''4'''
----
How many types of Hydro Mimics can the Oceanid summon in total?
*'''8 types'''
----
How many works of calligraphy are there in Wangshu Inn?
*'''6'''
----
How much stamina does Keqing's Charged Attack cost?
*'''25'''
----
How often does the Abyssal Moon Spire reset?
*'''1st and 16th of each month'''
----
How often does the Rite of Descension, one of Liyue's traditional ceremonies, occur?
*'''Once a year'''
----
In Co-Op Mode, you can cause Seelie in friends' worlds to move and guide you.
*'''False'''
----
In Jean's Story Quest, "Leo Minor Chapter," what is the name of Margaret's lost cat?
*'''Prince'''
----
In Peculiar Wonderland, minigames are selected at random from a pool. What is the total number of minigames in the pool?
*'''8'''
----
In the Story Quest "Bookworm Swordsman", which volume of "Legend of the Shattered Halberd" did Xingqiu borrow from Chang the Ninth?
*'''6'''
----
Kaeya's Elemental Burst, Glacial Waltz, is able to constantly freeze water surfaces, allowing one to run across them.
*'''False'''
----
Lisa's "General Pharmaceutics" Passive Talent gives her a chance to refund materials used in crafting Character Enhancement Materials.
*'''False'''
----
Noelle's Elemental Skill, Breastplate, is able to deal one instance of {{Color|Geo DMG}} to nearby enemies. It will not generate any Elemental Particles.
*'''True'''
----
Of the following Mondstadt taverns, Diona is a bartender at:
*'''The Cat's Tail'''
----
On PC, you can click Alt + 1 / 2 / 3 / 4 to switch to a character and use their Elemental Burst.
*'''True'''
----
Other than using her Elemental Skill, Mirror Reflection of Doom, what other method can Mona use to create Phantoms?
*'''By entering Illusory Torrent for two seconds and being near an enemy.'''
----
Sucrose is the assistant of the genius alchemist called:
*'''Albedo'''
----
The Karst Crawlers at Mt. Hulao can entrap anyone who steps on them, covering the intruder in amber. Who planted those plants?
*'''Mountain Shaper'''
----
The people of Liyue believe that the adepti dwell in:
*'''Jueyun Karst'''
----
The pet that Qiqi would like to have the most is a:
*'''Finch'''
----
The Pyro Regisvine is immune to {{Color|Pyro DMG}} &mdash; is this statement true?
*'''False'''
----
The rivalry between the two famed styles of cooking, Li and Yue, is a few hundred years old. Out of the two, the Yue style is popular among the enthusiasts of:
*'''Mountain delicacies'''
----
The second charge level of Bennett's Elemental Skill, Passion Overload, will launch him, and this cannot be prevented by any other operations&mdash; is this statement true?
*'''False'''
----
The Sunsettia is the most commonly found food in the game. It has no other uses apart from being eaten as-is.
*'''False'''
----
The Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero can be found at:
*'''Windrise'''
----
True or false: After lowering the World Level, the maximum available difficulty level of the Stormterror challenge will also decrease.
*'''False'''
----
True or false: Albedo's Elemental Burst "Rite of Progeniture: Tectonic Tide" only generates Fatal Blossoms when there is a Solar Isotoma on the battlefield that was created by Albedo himself.
*'''True'''
----
True or false: During the Windblume minigame "Stepping Stone Antics," you will respawn after falling and can continue playing.
*'''False'''
----
True or false: Dust of Azoth can be used at an alchemy workbench to convert any material to another material of the same type. The quantity of Dust of Azoth required differs depending on the material.
*'''False'''
----
True or false: Entering a Domain consumes Original Resin or Condensed Resin.
*'''False'''
----
True or false: Fischl's Elemental Skill summons Oz to assist her in battle. Oz attacks with Freikugel, which can trigger the Elemental Skill DMG bonus given by The Stringless.
*'''True'''
----
True or false: In a friend's Character Showcase, we can view the details on the specific affixes of their character's artifacts.
*'''True'''
----
True or false: In the Contending Tides event, you can invite your friends to join you in Co-Op Mode for difficult stages.
*'''False'''
----
True or false: Normal and Charged Attacks with Snow-Tombed Starsilver may generate an Everfrost Icicle above the enemy, which deals {{Color|Cryo DMG}}.
*'''False'''
----
True or false: On the page for the event wish "Epitome Invocation," select the magnification icon to view the effects if the current featured weapons.
*'''True'''
----
True or false: On the PC version, you can press Left Alt + 1/2/3/4 to switch to the corresponding character in your party and cast their Elemental Burst.
*'''True'''
----
True or false: Rainy weather extinguishes Flaming Flowers, allowing us to gather them immediately.
*'''False'''
----
True or false: The constructs that Zhongli, Ningguang, and the Geo Traveler summon can all be climbed.
*'''False'''
----
True or false: When Rosaria casts her Elemental Burst "Rites of Termination," the whole party's CRIT Rate is increased by 15%.
*'''False'''
----
True or false: Xiao's talent "Transcension: Gravity Defier" guarantees that Xiao will never take damage from a Plunging Attack.
*'''True'''
----
True or false: Xinyan's Passive Talent "...Now That's Rock 'N' Roll!" increases the {{Color|Physical DMG}} dealt by shielded characters by 15%.
*'''False'''
----
Using Geo attacks against Anemo Hypostasis: Beth will cause a Crystallize reaction.
*'''False'''
----
Venti's Elemental Skill will generate a lot of Elemental Particles upon hitting monsters. This feature can be taken advantage of by using his Elemental Skill before switching to a different character to help them gain Energy faster.
*'''True'''
----
Wangshu Inn's cat is called:
*'''Wei'''
----
What do Cecilias represent in the language of flowers?
*'''"The true feelings of the prodigal son."'''
----
What does "Lupical" mean?
*'''Family'''
----
What factor influences Oz's time on the field?
*'''Duration is fixed'''
----
What is Fischl's position at the Adventurers' Guild?
*'''Investigator'''
----
What is Keqing's title in the Liyue Qixing?
*'''Yuheng'''
----
What is the CD of the Parametric Transformer?
*'''7 days'''
----
What is the CD of the World Level adjustment function?
*'''24 hours'''
----
What is the load limit of a Wind Catcher?
*'''5'''
----
What is the maximum number of characters that can be displayed in a friend's Character Showcase?
*'''8'''
----
What is the maximum number of Electro Sigils that Razor's Elemental Skill, Claw and Thunder, can generate?
*'''3'''
----
What is the name of the Anemo Hypostasis?
*'''Beth'''
----
What is the name of the bartender at the Angel's Share?
*'''Charles'''
----
What is the name of the night shift guard of the Northland Bank?
*'''Nadia'''
----
What reaction will occur when an Elemental Attack is used against Anemo Hypostasis: Beth?
*'''Swirl'''
----
When does the Boreas fight refresh every week?
*'''Monday, 4:00 AM'''
----
When Kaeya is in the party, character Stamina Consumption when sprinting is decreased.
*'''True'''
----
When making Mystic Enhancement Ore from Magical Crystal Ore, what quantity of Original Resin is consumed to make 6 Mystic Enhancement Ores?
*'''10'''
----
When the Anemo Traveler is affected by Pyro, holding the Traveler's Elemental Skill can be used to cause an Elemental Absorption.
*'''True'''
----
When Xiangling's Guoba is breathing fire, if a character is in the AoE of the fire breath, they will also be affected by Pyro.
*'''False'''
----
Which element is most effective at attacking a Cryo Regisvine's weak points?
*'''Pyro'''
----
Which if the following statements about fighting Geo Hypostasis: Gimel is false?
*'''You can use Geo attacks to damage the Geo Hypostasis's core'''
----
Which location is not covered by the Teyvat Travel Guide?
*'''Wuwang Hill'''
----
Which of the Archons was Mora named after?
*'''The Geo Archon'''
----
Which of the following animals does not appear in "The Boar Princess" Book Collection?
*'''Rabbit'''
----
Which of the following areas does not contain any Philanemo Mushrooms?
*'''Wolvendom'''
----
Which of the following Book Collection was written by Klee's mother, Alice?
*'''Teyvat Travel Guide'''
----
Which of the following cannot be achieved with the Archive?
*'''Obtaining detailed information on items that have not yet been obtained'''
----
Which of the following cannot provide energy to charge an Elemental Burst?
*'''Interacting with a Statue of The Seven'''
----
Which of the following characters can provide a bonus when forging the Whiteblind?
*'''Diluc'''
----
Which of the following characters did not have a pet turtle as a child?
*'''Amber'''
----
Which of the following characters does not belong to the Knights of Favonius?
*'''Mona'''
----
Which of the following characters is least efficient at destroying the Rock Pillars summoned by Geo Hypopstasis: Gimel?
*'''Venti'''
----
Which of the following characters is the most suitable to counter Electro Hypostasis: Aleph?
*'''Klee'''
----
Which of the following characters will not have their Charged Attacks infused by {{Color|Cryo DMG}} by Chongyun's Spirit Blade: Chonghua's Layered Frost?
*'''Klee'''
----
Which of the following dishes cannot be acquired by purchasing it at a shop?
*'''Adeptus' Temptation'''
----
Which of the following dishes increases character DEF?
*'''Jewelry Soup'''
----
Which of the following dishes is not a Mondstadt staple?
*'''Mora Meat'''
----
Which of the following does not appear in the game's archives?
*'''Wind Gliders'''
----
Which of the following drops Chilled Meat when defeated?
*'''The Great Snowboar King'''
----
Which of the following Elemental Resonances can reduce the CD of Elemental Skills?
*'''Impetuous Winds'''
----
Which of the following elements is the most efficient at breaking a Hydro Abyss Mage's shield?
*'''Cryo'''
----
Which of the following factors affects the DMG dealt by Shatter?
*'''Elemental Mastery'''
----
Which of the following Hilichurl tribes does not appear at Dadaupa Gorge?
*'''Lunar Tribe'''
----
Which of the following is a signature dish at Wangshu Inn?
*'''Almond Tofu'''
----
Which of the following is not a buff provided by Bennett's Elemental Burst, Fantastic Voyage?
*'''Energy Recharge Increase'''
----
Which of the following is not a feature of Statues of The Seven?
*'''Temporarily increases characters' ATK and Max HP'''
----
Which of the following is not a method of restorying characters' Stamina
*'''Stop swimming and tread water for a while'''
----
Which of the following is not a minigame that can be experienced during the Windblume Festival?
*'''Swimming'''
----
Which of the following is not one of the Cryo Regisvine's weak points?
*'''Petals'''
----
Which of the following is the customary Hilichurl greeting?
*'''Olah!'''
----
Which of the following items can Boreas drop?
*'''All of the other options are true'''
----
Which of the following items can you obtain from the Unusual Hilichurl?
*'''Cabbage'''
----
Which of the following items cannot be obtained from "Memories: Storming Terror I"?
*'''Vajrada Amethyst Chunk'''
----
Which of the following items cannot be purchased in a shop in Mondstadt?
*'''Rice'''
----
Which of the following items does not belong to the Liyue region?
*'''Valberry'''
----
Which of the following items does not belong to the Mondstadt region?
*'''Snapdragon'''
----
Which of the following items will not drop when fighting a Lv. 40 Electro Hypostasis?
*'''Vajrada Amethyst Chunk'''
----
Which of the following kinds of information is not available in the Living Beings section of the Archive?
*'''Attributes of monsters'''
----
Which of the following Ley Line Disorders has not featured in a Domain?
*'''Characters being periodically inflicted by High Voltage'''
----
Which of the following locations can Crabs be acquired from?
*'''Yaoguang Shoal'''
----
Which of the following locations does not belong to the Liyue region?
*'''Brightcrown Canyon'''
----
Which of the following locations does not belong to the Mondstadt region?
*'''Nantianmen'''
----
Which of the following materials can be converted with Dust of Azoth?
*'''Varunada Lazurite Gemstone'''
----
Which of the following materials cannot be dropped by a Primo Geovishap?
*'''Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone'''
----
Which of the following materials cannot be found in the Archive?
*'''Wind Gliders'''
----
Which of the following methods can be used to obtain Fowl?
*'''Killing Pigeons'''
----
Which of the following methods cannot be used to acquire Crystal Chunks?
*'''Shop Purchase'''
----
Which of the following methods does not decrease the character's Sheer Cold meter?
*'''Eating Goulash'''
----
Which of the following methods does not raise your Adventure Rank?
*'''Defeating monsters'''
----
Which of the following methods increases the growth rate of the character's Sheer Cold meter?
*'''Swimming'''
----
Which of the following methods will not allow a Traveler to gather a Flaming Flower Stamen in the world?
*'''Attacking the Flaming Flower with a Physical attack using a Claymore character'''
----
Which of the following monsters will not emerge from a Blossom of Revelation challenge?
*'''Unusual Hilichurl'''
----
Which of the following plants is not unique to Mondstadt?
*'''Sweet Flower'''
----
Which of the following stataments about Sucrose is false?
*'''Sucrose's Passive Talent, Astable Invention, grants a 25% chance to return a portion of materials used in the crafting of Character Talent Materials.'''
----
Which of the following statements about Albedo's Elemental Skill "Abiogenesis: Solar Isotoma" is false?
*'''The amount of DMG dealt by Transient Blossoms is based on Albedo's ATK.'''
----
Which of the following statements about artifacts is false?
*'''We can obtain Sands of Eon that increase {{Color|Black|Elemental DMG}}.'''
----
Which of the following statements about artifacts is true?
*'''Artifact affixes will never provide the same effects as the main attributes.'''
----
Which of the following statements about artifacts is true?
*'''Artifacts in the Thundering Fury set can be obtained from Midsummer Courtyard'''
----
Which of the following statements about Daily Commissions is true?
*'''We can receive a maximum of 4 commission rewards per day.'''
----
Which of the following statements about Diluc is false?
*'''Diluc's Passive Talent, Tradition of the Dawn Knight, refunds 15% of the ore used when crafting Sword-type'''
----
Which of the following statements about Dvalin's "Caelestinum Finale Termini" ability is false?
*'''Using a wind glider to glide above the cracked platforms will cause the character to suffer DMG.'''
----
Which of the following statements about Elemental Reactions is true?
*'''The Burning reaction itself deals DMG'''
----
Which of the following statements about Elemental Reactions is true?
*'''Using Hydro to trigger Vaporize deals greater DMG than triggering it using Pyro'''
----
Which of the following statements about Friendship Level is false?
*'''As a character's Friendship Level increases, their ATK will also increase'''
----
Which of the following statements about Geo constructs is true?
*'''Geo constructs can be used to block certain monster attacks'''
----
Which of the following statements about Geovishap Hatchlings is false?
*'''Geovishap Hatchlings are immune to {{Color|Geo DMG}}'''
----
Which of the following statements about Hu Tao's Elemental Skill "Guide to Afterlife" is true?
*'''Guide to Afterlife can still be cast when Hu Tao's HP is less than 100'''
----
Which of the following statements about Keqing is false?
*'''Keqing can perform her Elemental Skill, Stellar Restoration, while in mid-air.'''
----
Which of the following statements about Plunging Attacks is false?
*'''Plunging Attacks can only deal {{Color|AoE Physical DMG}}'''
----
Which of the following statements about Qiqi is false?
*'''Qiqi's Elemental Skill, Adeptus Art: Herald of Frost, can regenerate HP for all active characters in Co-Op Mode.'''
----
Which of the following statements about Seelie is true?
*'''All of the other options are true'''
----
Which of the following statements about Serpent Spine is true?
*'''The DMG-increase stacks do not reset if the character leaves the field.'''
----
Which of the following statements about the Artifacts section of the Character Screen is correct?
*'''All of the other options are true'''
----
Which of the following statements about the Childe boss fight is true?
*'''This fight can be done in Co-Op Mode'''
----
Which of the following statements about the City Reputation system is true?
*'''The number of Bounties and Requests is shared between all cities'''
----
Which of the following statements about the Sacrificial Bow is true?
*'''An Elemental Skill must deal DMG for the Sacrificial Bow to have a chance of resetting it.'''
----
Which of the following statements about Zhongli's Elemental Skill, "Dominus Lapidus," is false?
*'''Zhongli can use his Elemental Skill's holding mode to destroy Electro Crystals.'''
----
Which of the following statements is true about Dragon's Bane?
*'''The Elemental Mastery attribute can effectively increase the DMG dealt by the elemental reactions.'''
----
Which of the following weapon's abilities is generated differently from the others?
*'''Solar Pearl'''
----
Which of the following weapon's abilities is generated differently from the others?
*'''Solar Pearl'''
----
Which of the following will not allow you to obtain Shrine of Depths Keys?
*'''Completing a Story Quest'''
----
Which of the following will not increase Reputation?
*'''Completing a Story Quest'''
----
Which of the following World Levels does not require an Ascension Quest to reach?
*'''5'''
----
Which place's topography is the result of an Archon hurling giant spears of rock during a time of war?
*'''Guyun Stone Forest'''
----
Which wind glider can be obtained from reaching Reputation Level 8 in Mondstadt?
*'''Wings of Azure Wind'''
----
Who is the owner of the best pharmacy in Liyue Harbor, Bubu Pharmacy?
*'''Baizhu'''
----
Who occupies the eighth seat among the Eleven Fatui Harbingers?
*'''La Signora'''
----
Who wrote the Favonius Survival Rulebook for Klee?
*'''Kaeya'''
----
Xingqiu's Passive Talent, Flash of Genius, allows him to sometimes refund materials used in crafting Talent Enhancement Materials.
*'''True'''
----
Xinyan is Liyue Harbor's sole ________ musician.
*'''Rock n' Roll'''

<!-- Format to copy and paste
----
Question
*'''Answer'''

-->