{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40092
|image         = Event Quest A Thousand Miles for an Enigmatic Tune.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = The Exquisite Night Chimes
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 28
* Complete [[Chapter I]]: Act III - [[A New Star Approaches]]
|characters    = Baiwen; Baixiao; Dvorak; Fujing; Ganyu; Keqing; Madame Ping; Ningguang; Paimon; Traveler; Xinyan; Yaoyao; Yelan; Zhongli
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|next          = A Single Harmony for an Irreplaceable Soul
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[The Exquisite Night Chimes]] Event, and the [[Behind the Scenes (Event Quest)|Behind the Scenes]], [[Vigilance at Sea]], [[Radiant Sparks]], and [[A Few Words in the Foreground]] Event Quests
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Thousand Miles for an Enigmatic Tune''''' is the first [[Event Quest]] during the [[The Exquisite Night Chimes]] Event.

==Steps==
# Take a walk around [[Liyue Harbor]]
# Obtain the [[Nascent Bamboo Shoots|"Nascent" Bamboo Shoots]] (0/3)
# Go to the one calling for help
# Go to Liyue Harbor
# Show [[Dvorak]] around Liyue Harbor
# Talk to [[Xinyan]]
# Head to [[Yujing Terrace]]
# Head near Yujing Terrace to look for [[Ganyu]]
# Stay put and wait for 2 hours
# Talk to everyone
# Go to the performance venue
# Go to the place [[Baiwen]] mentioned
# Investigate clues (0/3)
# Talk to [[Yelan]]
# Follow Yelan
# Go to the Treasure Hoarder camp
# Defeat the Treasure Hoarders
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarder Scout|text=Fujing &mdash; Misled Musician}}
# Talk to the Treasure Hoarder
# Head to Yujing Terrace to report back to Baiwen

==Gameplay Notes==
* During Step 5, the active party is limited to only the [[Traveler]]. If the Traveler exits the area, the quest will reset to Step 4.
** Most key bindings are disabled except for walking, Quest Navigation, Interacting, and opening the Paimon Menu, Chat Screen, and Inventory.
* During Step 17, the active party is limited to only a trial Yelan.
* [[Co-Op Mode]] is disabled during the above steps.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
<!-- World Levels -->
|wl                      = 5, 6, 8
|character_name          = Yelan

|character_level5        = 70
|constellation5          = 3

|weapon_name5            = Aqua Simulacra
|weapon_level5           = 70
|refinement5             = 1

|artifact_flower5        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather5       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands5         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet5        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet5       = Royal Masque
|set1_5                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_5      = 4
|artifact_level5         = 16

|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 5
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 8

|hp5                     = 23,885
|atk5                    = 1,285
|def5                    = 474
|em5                     = 42
|crit_rate5              = 61.4%
|crit_dmg5               = 164.6%
|er5                     = 135.0%

<!-- WL 6 Stats-->
|character_level6        = 81
|constellation6          = 3

|weapon_name6            = Aqua Simulacra
|weapon_level6           = 81
|refinement6             = 1

|artifact_flower6        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather6       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands6         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet6        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet6       = Royal Masque
|set1_6                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_6      = 4
|artifact_level6         = 20

|normal_attack_talent6   = 6
|elemental_skill_talent6 = 6
|elemental_burst_talent6 = 9

|hp6                     = 30,904
|atk6                    = 1,614
|def6                    = 622
|em6                     = 105
|crit_rate6              = 76.3%
|crit_dmg6               = 172.4%
|er6                     = 135.0%

<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name8            = Aqua Simulacra
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4
|artifact_level8         = 20

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 11

|hp8                     = 32,542<!-- her passive shouldn't be in effect here, since she is the only one in the party -->
|atk8                    = 1,692
|def8                    = 662
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate8              = 76.3%
|crit_dmg8               = 180.1%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You return to Liyue with Paimon in anticipation of yet another unforgettable time at the Lantern Rite Festival...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
<!--
Unsorted lines, think they are talk again lines. May not be accessible.
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj201 dvorak 06.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Program... list of performers... dress rehearsal schedule, and rehearsal venue...
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj201 dvorak 07.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' What a spectacular stage we have... I have to make sure that the performances will be nothing short of exceptional.
-->
;(On login)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Time flies so fast! Before you know it, Lantern Rite's almost here again.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The people of Liyue must've already started preparing for their most important festival of the year, right? Hopefully, Paimon will be able to check out tons of great food again this year!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's go to Liyue Harbor and see what's up!

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon votes we go say hi to Xiangling first...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Zhongli! What a pleasant surprise meeting you here!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh? Why, the pleasure is all mine... as is the surprise, surely.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It must be fate that brings us together in this place. How have you fared as of late?
:{{DIcon}} Everything has been going great.
::{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 03a 1.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I sense you are older and wiser than the last time we met. It seems your travels continue to yield valuable insights.
::{{DIcon}} Thank you, Zhongli.
:{{DIcon}} Things have been going... alright.
::{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 03b 1.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Setbacks are inevitable over the course of a long journey. If you wish to share what's troubling you, allow me to lend my ear. There is no need to shoulder all burdens by yourself.
::{{DIcon}} Thank you, Zhongli.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' You are too kind.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Zhongli, are you here to listen to stories over tea again?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I had originally planned to set out after this last round of tea. However...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' However...?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I had planned to take a walk to Qingce Village and gather some nascent Bamboo Shoots, which are currently in season. A villager there once gave me a small sample, and they possessed a most excellent flavor.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? "Nascent" Bamboo Shoots...? Why can't you just use normal Bamboo Shoots instead?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Paimon knows! Because Zhongli prefers the finer things in life, right?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, Mr. Particular, lemme guess... The "nascent" Bamboo Shoot has a uniquely tender texture and a delicate, sweet taste that its "normal" cousin cannot match.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' An astute observation, Paimon. You know me well indeed.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Lantern Rite is almost upon us, but besides the Bamboo Shoots, there are a few other items I have not yet procured from Director Hu's list... May I ask if you have already made arrangements for the days ahead?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, well, we were planning to use the opportunity to say hi to some of our friends! But before we were able to figure out a schedule, we ran into you.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Well then, might I invite you to imagine the sheer delight that is a soup cooked with the freshest nascent Bamboo Shoots in all the land? Generous cuts of pork belly and crisp, fragrant Bamboo Shoots, placed together in the pot, and left to simmer slowly for half a day...
:{{DIcon}} I've never had anything like it...
:{{DIcon}} I'm already drooling...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh! You're doing this on purpose, aren't you!? Paimon's onto your plan &mdash; you just wanna hoodwink us into fetching your bamboo for you!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hmm? Why, I assure you, I would do no such thing. I merely wished to inform you of the freshest, most succulent and flavorful Bamboo Shoots one could ever hope to taste.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You... Ugh, let's go, {{Traveler}}! Paimon's tastebuds can't take it anymore!
:{{DIcon}} Ready to go when you are!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Collecting a few Bamboo Shoots shouldn't take too long. Paimon has got to get her hands on some of that soup!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 11.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Such fine specimens are indeed well worth the excursion. Very well, I shall leave the Bamboo Shoots to you. Should you have the good fortune to find some, please share them with me as well.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See, see! Paimon knew he was just bamboozling us!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 12.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' However, there is no need to rush.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 13.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The streets of Liyue will be bustling with visitors and filled with all manner of celebrations during the festive period. By all means, go wherever your interests lead you.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 14.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The nascent Bamboo Shoots would be but a wonderful final touch to a most exceptional feast. What an honor it would be to savor them in the company of friends.
:{{DIcon}} I understand.
:{{DIcon}} We will check in with you later at Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're heading out! Enjoy your walk, Zhongli.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 1 zhongli 15.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Take care now, you two.

;(Talk to Zhongli again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj201 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' As for Director Hu's list... Hmm...
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj201 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I shall attend to it after one last round of tea.
----
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bamboo Shoot... Bamboo Shoot... "Nascent" Bamboo Shoot...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! This one's only just sprouted, and it looks super fresh. Paimon thinks this is the one!

;(After collecting three [[Nascent Bamboo Shoots]])
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These should be enough. Let's head back...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Help! Heeeelp!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you hear that? Someone's calling for help... It's coming from over there!

;(Approach Yaoyao)
:{{Black Screen|A short and slender figure rescues the drowning man, and brings him back to shore...}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Are you okay? Did any water go down the wrong pipe?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 02.ogg}} '''???:''' *cough* *cough*...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Phew... I&mdash;I think I'm okay now. Thank you so much...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That was scary... Well, at least you're alright! All thanks to your savior here... oh, a little girl?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 02b.ogg}}--> '''Yaoyao:''' Greetings, everyone. My name is Yaoyao. It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, she's so well-mannered!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' My name's Paimon, and this is {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} Greetings.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 04.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' I'm Dvorak, a musician from Fontaine.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 05.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' I came through [[Stone Gate]], intending to head towards Liyue Harbor, but then I became captivated by the beautiful scenery... and before long, I was completely lost.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 06.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Just now, I was so mesmerized by the waterfall that I slipped and fell into the water. If it weren't for Miss Yaoyao's help, I shudder to think what might have happened...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 03.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' It's alright, Mr. Dvorak.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 04.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' The splashing around the bottom of the waterfall means the stone path is always wet and slippy. You definitely have to be careful.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 05.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Next time you're exploring an unfamiliar environment, try to focus on what's right in front of you. Don't let your mind wander.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 06.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' As long as you watch your step, accidents like this won't happen anymore!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 07.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Yes Ma'am, I understand... I'll remember to be more careful next time.
:<!--missing audio-->'''Dvorak:''' *grumble*
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 07.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Oh... Are you hungry, Sir?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 09.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Oh, uh... I'll be fine, heh...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 08.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Please, Sir, it's quite alright! I was born and raised here in Liyue. It's only natural for me to extend my hospitality to any guests who are passing through.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 09.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I expect you still have quite a long journey ahead of you? It's very important to keep your energy levels up.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 10a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 10b.ogg}}--> '''Yaoyao:''' I still have some [[Lotus Flower Crisp]]s left in my backpack. Why don't we split them between the four of us?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww... what a thoughtful kid! She even has some for Paimon!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 11.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Hehe, you're welcome!
:{{Black Screen|Everyone savors some Delicious Lotus Flower Crisps as they enjoy the scenery...}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mmm, so tasty... If only there were more...
:{{DIcon}} More!? You already had the Sumpter Beast's share...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 12.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Having a healthy appetite is a good thing! It means Paimon's still growing. If I'd known I was gonna run into you, I would have made a second batch.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hope you're taking notes, Traveler. This is how you treat your Paimon!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 13.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' What do you think, Sir? Are Liyue's snacks to your taste? I wonder if they're not sweet enough?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 10.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' No no, they're perfect.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 11.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' When I was traveling through Mondstadt, I had a chance to try one of their [[Moon Pie]]s. It had a meat filling, unlike these crisps. But apart from that, it seems like they follow a similar cooking process. Both are delicious in their own way.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 12.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' As for [[Fontaine]]'s cooking, though... Ah, it's been a long time since I've had a taste of home.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like you spend a lot of time on the road, huh?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 13.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' I do. It's part of my job &mdash; I'm one of the main organizers of the [[Iridescence Tour]].
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Iridescence Tour?
:{{DIcon}} That sounds somewhat familiar.
:{{DIcon}} Doesn't ring a bell.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 14.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' The Iridescence Tour is one of the biggest music festivals in Fontaine. We're looking to expand, though. Our aim is to hold a festival in every nation.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 15.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' At least, all the main organizers share this goal. Unfortunately...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 16.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' *sigh* It's a long story, so I'll spare you the details. But anyway, so the main reason I'm traveling all around Teyvat is to promote our music festivals. But I have some... personal reasons, too.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, what are they? Just tell us already!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 17.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Let me see... well, to explain it in full, I'd have to start with a story from my ancestors... I don't want to take up too much of your time?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 14.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I love listening to stories!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mm-hmm, we want to hear it too!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 18.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Okay. Then I'll start from the beginning.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 19.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' The story goes that my ancestor, who was also a traveler, once slipped and fell into a lake during his travels. As he was sinking and gasping for breath, he heard a wondrous tune in the air...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 20.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' They say it was the most beautiful, moving melody he had ever heard.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 21.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Even in that life-and-death moment, the ethereal music seized his full attention, and almost made him forget the fact that he was drowning...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 22.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' When he finally came to, he found that he had already been brought ashore. Not too far from him stood an unfamiliar woman with an almost divine aura.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 23.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Once she saw that he was no longer in danger, she left without a word.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 24.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' My ancestor tried to run after her to give his thanks. But although a mere dozen paces separated them, no matter how quickly he gave chase, he drew no closer, and remained a dozen paces behind.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 25.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' In the end, all he could do was to bow in thanks to the woman as he watched her walk away towards the rivers and mountains in the distance, before at last he turned around and made his way home.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 26.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Once he returned to Fontaine, he began to learn an instrument, so that he could spread his story far and wide, just like the bards.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 27.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' After generations of retelling, embellishing, and dramatizing, people have come to think of that lady as something like a fairy.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 28.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' The story's become something of a local legend in Fontaine. It's called, "The Lady Overlooking the Lake."
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 29.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' People now say that if you go down to the lakeside and play an instrument, so long as you play a pleasing melody, you will hear a fairy lady, who is hiding out of sight, playing along with you...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 15.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Wowwwww!
:{{DIcon}} It's a nice legend.
::{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 30a 1.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Well, yes, as it stands now, it's become a touch too romantic and detached from reality... But I understand the original story and its historical grounding better than anyone else.
:{{DIcon}} At its heart is a true story.
::{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 30b 1.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Exactly. It may just be a legend to others, but for me, it's a real part of my family history.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 31.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' I wanted to find out the truth of this tale. So I decided to retrace my ancestor's steps, and search for that lady's modern-day descendants.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 32.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Of course, there's no way of knowing where my ancestor fell into the lake all those years ago. So I always knew that the search would be akin to looking for a needle in a haystack.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 33.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' I've spent many years on the road now, and I'm nowhere near as fit as I was in my youth. The wish that I have spent half my life chasing after has now become something of an obsession...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 16.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I haven't lived half of my life yet, but still... I understand how you must feel.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon too...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's like... imagine if you'd saved the center of a Lotus Flower Crisp &mdash; which is the best part, by the way &mdash; 'cause you wanted to eat it another day, but then suddenly, sploosh! It falls into the water, never to be seen again!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon would definitely remember that for the rest of her life!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 34.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Hahaha... There's no need to feel sorry for me. I have made some progress over the years. For example... I've concluded that the story must have taken place in Liyue.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! So you finally found a lead?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 35.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Yes. In fact, that's an intriguing story in and of itself.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 36.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' I'd always known that Mondstadt is the City of Song and Freedom. But more recently, I heard that the Anemo Archon returned to Mondstadt for [[Weinlesefest|a festival in the Fall]], and learned that he himself is a patron deity of music.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 37.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' So, I prayed for the Anemo Archon's guidance in the Mondstadt Cathedral... and as soon as I set foot back outside the front gate, I noticed a cluster of leaves being blown in the wind, further and further west, towards Stone Gate.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 38.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' A friendly local told me that this meant the wind was guiding me in the direction of Liyue. So, I followed their advice, and made my way here.
:{{DIcon}} That settles it then. It was Liyue.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 39.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Right? You get it! I knew I'd find someone that agrees with me eventually.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 17.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Hmm... are you sure? It sounds a bit too much like one of those fake legends told by those treasure hoarder guys to scam gullible grannies from Qingce Village...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 18.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' "Rex Lapis has returned to the world! Just give me some incense and a little Mora towards the travel fees, and I will pass your gift on to the Lord of Geo, and ask him to keep you and your family safe and well..." And so on, and so on.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, Yaoyao! We, uh... we have a lot of experience with deciphering omens and stuff.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And anyway, you only got scammed if you handed over Mora, right?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 40.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Actually, to express my gratitude, I did spend rather a lot of Mora on several bottles of fine wine, which I left at the {{sic|Statues of the Seven}} along the way...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh dear...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 19a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 19b.ogg}}--> '''Yaoyao:''' Well, how about this, ladies and gentlemen &mdash; why don't I bring you all to Yujing Terrace to see Miss Ganyu?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 20.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I don't know very many people, so I can't help you out much, but Miss Ganyu and the Qixing know just about everything.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 21.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' If you've been scammed, they'll help you get your Mora back. And if the wind was telling the truth, and you wanna keep looking for that lady's family, they'll be the best people to ask.
:{{DIcon}} That does sound like a good idea.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 41.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' But you've already helped me so much...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 22.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I was gonna take some new medicinal herbs and plants I picked to Miss Ganyu anyway, so it's no trouble at all!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know what, it's been a minute since we saw Ganyu, too. It'd sure be nice to pay her a visit before Lantern Rite.
:{{DIcon}} Then let's get moving.
:{{DIcon}} Let's head off.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 dvorak 42.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Alright. Well, my sincere thanks to you all. I will never forget your kindness.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 yaoyao 23.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Okay, everyone, please follow me! I'll be your guide. Remember to watch where you're going, okay?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 2 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, Paimon's out of a job... Eh, oh well! Paimon'll just be a cheerleader instead!
----
;(Approach the Liyue Harbor bridge)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 01.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Wow, Liyue Harbor looks very different from when I came last...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 02.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' It's almost as if... I'm listening to the same melody, but with a richer timbre, and new variations added...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we are here during Lantern Rite, after all! It only comes once a year, so they always have a big celebration.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's fair to say that this time of year is when Liyue Harbor looks the prettiest!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 03.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Great. Let's go and check it out.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 04.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' I can't wait to get into the city and see it all up close for myself.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 05.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' The streets are breathtaking...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 06.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Smiles and laughter everywhere I look... it's contagious.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 07.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' I can almost feel the music in the air... I have the urge to start waving my conductor's baton...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 yaoyao 01.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Hee-hee... I'm glad that you're enjoying the city!

;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hey, everyone! Fancy meeting you all here! What a nice surprise.
:{{Introductory Note|Xinyan}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 yaoyao 02.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Hello, Xinyan! Let me introduce some new friends. They are...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, and Mr. Dvorak, right? Hehe, I've known them all for quite a while.
:{{DIcon}} So you already know each other...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 08.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Haha... When I was last here to advertise a Liyue stop for the Iridescence Tour, Xinyan was one of the few people willing to give me the time of day.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Feels like I've been chasing this Iridescence Tour bandwagon halfway around the world, but I keep getting stood up. What's going on, Mr. Dvorak?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 09.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' *sigh* I am so sorry, Xinyan. We've had a string of terrible luck recently, and every time we've tried to put on a show, something or other has come up to stop our plans from materializing...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Is that right... Hmm, I guess it can't be helped.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' So what brings you to Liyue Harbor at this time of the year, anyway? Thinking of putting on a music festival during the Lantern Rite celebrations?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A Lantern Rite music festival? Yes please!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 10.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' No, uh... I'm actually here on personal business this time.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Aw, so no Lantern Rite music festival?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 11.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' I mean... That's not just up to me.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 12.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Hosting a music festival takes a lot of funding and personnel. Moreover, I've never worked with the Liyue authorities before. Even if I were to start putting something together right now... I think it'd be too rushed.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, but we're going to meet the Liyue Qixing, aren't we? And they're the ones in charge.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 yaoyao 03.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Uh-huh, that's right! Miss Keqing and Miss Ningguang can make anything happen.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 13.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' You mean... What?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hahaha, this is the perfect opportunity! Sure, it might not work out, but it can't hurt to bring it up as a suggestion.
:{{DIcon}} A Lantern Rite music festival would be something different.
:{{DIcon}} A Lantern Rite music festival would be a huge hit.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' That's the spirit! See, even {{Traveler}} agrees with me. Mr. Dvorak, don't let yourself be put off by the fact that a few things haven't worked out recently.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 09.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' As for the performers... I can put you in touch with some local artists.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 10.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' My friend [[Yun Jin]] is a well-known opera singer in Liyue. With her support and a commissioned song from the [[Yun-Han Opera Troupe]], we should be able to get something going.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But what about you, Xinyan? Are you just going to sit this one out?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 11.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Haha, what do you take me for?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 12.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' If we actually manage to make the Iridescence Tour: Lantern Rite Grand Concert a reality, you think I'd let anyone else perform the opening act!?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, there's that rock 'n' roll spirit, hehe.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 13.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' What do ya say, Mr. Dvorak?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 14.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 15.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Hmm... Okay. I'll give it a shot.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 dvorak 16.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' But the opening act is not something to be chosen lightly, Xinyan. I will judge your work by the strictest of standards, so please make sure you are fully prepared.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 14.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Are you kidding? I thought you'd never ask!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 15.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Whew, guess my shopping time's getting cut short! I'm gonna head back right away and start working on this!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 xinyan 16.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Yaoyao, if you run into your senior on your way to the Qixing, please send her my regards!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 yaoyao 04.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Okay, I promise I will! Good luck with your music, Xinyan.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You've got this, Xinyan!

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, about this "senior" of yours Xinyan mentioned just now... is that anyone we know?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 yaoyao 01.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Yes, it's [[Xiangling]]. She's mentioned you two before.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 yaoyao 02.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Xiangling's always thinking about cooking... Whenever she gets scrapes or burns, she just leaves them to heal by themselves. She definitely needs someone around her to look after her.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 yaoyao 03.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I know you must have looked out for her a lot too in the time you've known her. So thank you for that.
----
;(Approach Madame Ping)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 yaoyao 04.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Oh! It's Master. Is it okay if I go and say hi to her?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 madameping 01.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Oh, calm down now, dear, I'm not about to run off anywhere. I'm not a bundle of energy like you...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 yaoyao 05.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I haven't seen you in days, Master! I've missed you.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 madameping 02.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Aww, bless you, Yaoyao... you do say the sweetest things.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 madameping 03.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Ah, look who it is. Visiting friends during the Lantern Rite, are we?
:{{DIcon}} Greetings, Madame Ping.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're half right, Madame Ping! We were also trying to help out Mr. Dvorak over here. We were on our way to take him to see the Qixing.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 dvorak 01.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Hello, Ma'am. I am a musician from Fontaine, and an organizer of the Iridescence Tour... I don't suppose you've heard of it...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 yaoyao 06.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Master, Master, the Iridescence Tour is a super famous music festival!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 madameping 04.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Hehe... An old lady like me wouldn't know much about that sort of thing. A music festival, you say? It sounds terribly exciting.
:{{DIcon}} If we could add some musical elements to Lantern Rite...
:{{DIcon}} If we could organize a Lantern Rite music festival...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh right! Madame Ping, how would you feel about that?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're an elder of Liyue, and you know all about Liyue's cultural traditions. Hearing your thoughts would definitely help us figure out how best to approach it!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' For example... do you think it might be a bit too modern, or is there any other issue?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 madameping 05.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Why, not at all. Music pays homage to history and culture, and it can also be a bridge between different civilizations.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 madameping 06.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Times change, and the music enjoyed by the youngsters of today is, no doubt, very different from the tunes I was accustomed to in my youth. Nevertheless, all fine things in life can be appreciated.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 madameping 07.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' And so... I look forward to it immensely.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 dvorak 02.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Hear, hear! I do believe that, my own dear grandmother aside, you are the wisest old lady I've ever met.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 madameping 08.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Goodness gracious, you're all being suspiciously sweet today. Yaoyao, whatever have you been feeding them?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 yaoyao 07.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Master, you're in such a great mood today! You're even cracking jokes with the rest of us.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 madameping 09.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Hehe. Well, I'm sure you must have plenty to be getting on with, yes? Run along now, don't let me hold you up.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks, Madame Ping! We'll see you again soon!

;(Talk to Madame Ping again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj201 madameping 01.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' You mustn't be afraid to try new things. If you never try, you'll never know.
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj201 madameping 02.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' With your contribution, I'm sure this year's Lantern Rite will be a most spectacular one.
----
;(Approach Ganyu and Baixiao)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' ...and when you meet with the Ministry of Civil Affairs, please remind them that the festivities are not an excuse to procrastinate their work.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 baixiao 01.ogg}} '''Baixiao:''' Understood, Miss Ganyu. I'll take my leave now.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 yaoyao 01.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Ganyuuu!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' What brings you here, Yaoyao?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 yaoyao 02.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I've brought all the medicine you asked me to pick for you. Ah, and here's a pack of Sweet Flower seeds as well.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 yaoyao 03.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Also, also, these dried Qingxin leaves make a great pot of tea that's very good for you.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 yaoyao 04.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I know you've had a lot to deal with at work recently, but you shouldn't push yourself too hard. If you're not careful, you'll end up falling asleep in the grass again...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well this is weird. It's like a responsible younger sister talking to their disorganized older sister...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Ahem...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, you're running your mouth again...
:{{DIcon}} Don't listen to Paimon...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Thank you, {{Traveler}}, but Paimon's criticism is quite valid. I do have a tendency to neglect matters outside of work, and that's something I should improve on.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 05.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Oh, my apologies, I don't believe we've been introduced?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Paimon will do the honors!
:{{Black Screen|Paimon tells Ganyu all about Mr. Dvorak, from how you met, to his family history, to your shared music festival aspirations.}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 06.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What's wrong? Did Paimon go over everything a bit too fast?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's definitely an ambitious plan... If there's anything you didn't quite catch, Paimon's more than happy to go over it again!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 07.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' It may be... a little difficult to make this happen.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 08.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Well, the Lantern Rite is the most important festival of the year. Our celebrations must not only be visually spectacular, but also appeal to the tastes of Liyue citizens from all walks of life.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 09.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' The Iridescence Tour is relatively unknown in Liyue. It's difficult to predict how a brand-new show will be received.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 10.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' It would be quite risky for us to bet everything on this one music festival.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 01.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' *sigh* All very valid points. I completely understand...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 11.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Therefore, we will not replace or cancel any of our preexisting program. However... I will submit a proposal requesting to put the Iridescence Tour special performance as the final act of this year's festivities.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 12.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Some live music will certainly add to the festive atmosphere on the night of the Lantern Rite. As for the venue... Hmm, let's reserve a space at the docks.
:{{DIcon}} So we're not stealing anyone's thunder...
:{{DIcon}} But we will end the night on a high note.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 13.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Yes. My thoughts precisely.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 14.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Now I just need to take some time to give this proposal some polish...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 15.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' As long as I clearly lay out the pros and cons, and highlight the key points of the proposal... Given that Ping and {{Traveler}} have both given the idea their blessing, I'm confident the Qixing will be sure to give it serious consideration.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 16.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Mr. Dvorak, I will need to discuss with you the number of musicians who will be coming to Liyue, as well as their catering and accommodation requirements...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 02.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Oh, yes, certainly... Let's step to the side and discuss further.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As soon as there's work to do, Ganyu's as diligent as ever...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 yaoyao 05.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I couldn't agree more!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 yaoyao 06.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Master once said that everyone has things that they are good at, and things that they are less good at. So, with that in mind, Ganyu shouldn't feel compelled to become perfect at absolutely everything.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 yaoyao 07.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I'm good at taking care of people, so that can be left to me.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... Hey, Yaoyao, can you take care of Paimon too? Paimon's getting hungry again!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, you're trying to freeload again.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 yaoyao 08.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I'm afraid my backpack's empty now, but if you let me know what you like, I can bring you some of your favorite dishes next time we meet.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 yaoyao 09.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Apart from Lotus Flower Crisps, what else do you like?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anything sweet! And anything that's made from slimes...
:;(After a while)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 17.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' ...Here's what I've drafted so far. Anything else you want to add?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 03.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' No, this is excellent! I'm racking my brains, but I don't think you've missed a single thing.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 18.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Perfect, then we'll leave it as-is. I'll go make an official copy.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 19.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Oh, perfect timing. We were just wrapping up our discussion here.
:{{DIcon}} That was quick...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 20.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Not at all. Every second counts for a complex proposal such as this. I will inform the Qixing of this development immediately... please give me a moment to pass on the message.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 21.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Yaoyao, thank you for bringing my herbs. I will make sure to take them.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 yaoyao 10.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Remember to make tea from them first, Ganyu! You mustn't just chew them raw.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 22.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' ...Uh, I&mdash;I will.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 yaoyao 11.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Okay, I should be getting back. If Yaoyao stays out for too long, Mom and Dad will be worried sick...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 yaoyao 12a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 yaoyao 12b.ogg}}--> '''Yaoyao:''' Everyone, I'm sure that the music festival will go off without a hitch, so don't worry! And in case I don't see you before, I wish you all a very happy Lantern Rite.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 04.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Thank you, Yaoyao. Happy Lantern Rite to you, too.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should go get dinner together sometime!

;(Talk to Dvorak, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj201 dvorak 01.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' That lady I just talked to, Ganyu... she really thinks of everything.
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj201 dvorak 02.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' It got me wondering... could it be that all our failed attempts so far have been down to our failure to properly prepare for different contingencies?

;(Pass time and approach Dvorak)
:{{Black Screen|After a short wait, Keqing and Ganyu arrive at the square in front of Yujing Terrace...}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Greetings, {{Traveler}}, Paimon, and Mr. Dvorak. Call me Keqing.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Ganyu has brought me up to speed on everything. I'll get straight to the point.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' The Qixing have approved Ganyu's proposal. Over the next few days, I will be working with Mr. Dvorak on behalf of the Qixing to facilitate the organization of this concert.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay, that's awesome!
:{{DIcon}} Unbelievably efficient...
:{{DIcon}} Keqing strikes again...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 04.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Please. The Qixing have a duty to deal with matters such as these. We have merely moved things forward to the next step.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 05.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' On a more personal note, I am an avid supporter of all things new and innovative.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 06.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' As such, it is my privilege to work with you on this exciting project.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 05.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Thank you so much, Keqing!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 06.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' I had become quite discouraged after our recent failures, and was expecting the same outcome once again, so I didn't dare to get my hopes up...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 07.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' ...Never in my wildest dreams could I have imagined this going so smoothly. It's like a dream come true...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 08.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Right... Time for me to call in the performers. To stage a concert at a high-profile event like this is a rare opportunity. We'll make sure it's a night to remember!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes! Our music man's finally getting fired up!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 09.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Yes indeed. I know exactly what I'm doing from here.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 10.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' For a musician, music will always be the language they are most fluent in.
:{{DIcon}} What about your ancestor?
:{{DIcon}} What about that fairy lady?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 11.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Oh, that... that can wait for another time.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 23.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' ...Oh.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 07.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Ganyu, what's wrong?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 24.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' They told me all about Mr. Dvorak's situation, but I was so engrossed in drafting the proposal that I forgot all about it...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 12.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Oh, that's quite alright. I don't even know what the person I'm trying to find looks like, so it was always going to be a long shot...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 13.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Don't worry about me, Ganyu. Your time and energy are needed elsewhere. I'm sure you already have plenty to deal with between this concert and everything else going on during the Lantern Rite.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 25.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Thanks. It was just that I had a few initial thoughts when I heard your story. For instance... I wonder if this lady your ancestor met might have been an adeptus. What do you think?
:{{DIcon}} It's definitely possible.
:{{DIcon}} We don't have enough information yet.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 26.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' To tell you the truth, Mr. Dvorak, I am somewhat related to the adepti myself. I am part-human and part-qilin. The qilin is an illuminated beast.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 27.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I know how important your quest to get in touch with your roots must be to you, because I've been there myself before... trying to find out where I belonged...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 14.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Did you say the adepti? And you're &mdash; illuminated beast? Part-qilin?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 15.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Are you telling me... all the rumors of the Liyue adepti are real? So it's not just artistic license?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You bet they're real! Trying to track them down is tough, though... Like [[Jueyun Karst]] itself. There's nothing specifically stopping you from going there, but getting in and out of there is quite an ordeal.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 28.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Yes. Anyway... if you're looking to uncover a lost melody, or shine light on a forgotten aspect of Liyue's cultural history, I'm probably not the best person to ask.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 29.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' But if it's a person you're looking for, then I just might be able to help.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 08.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' ...I see, I think I understand the situation now. In that case, Ganyu, shall we divide the work between us?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 30.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Yes, that was also my thought.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 09.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Great. So, Mr. Dvorak and I will concentrate on things here in the city to make sure the concert goes according to plan. In the meantime, Ganyu will reach out to her network and try to find the person he's looking for.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 10.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' How's your workload at the moment? Will you be able to make time?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 31.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I can probably get through everything in... two days. As long as I don't sleep.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 11.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Wait, what do you mean, "as long as I don't sleep"?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 12.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Even for someone with illuminated beast blood in their veins, working for such an extended period without a break will take its toll on your health.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Somehow, that does not sound persuasive coming from Keqing...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 13.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' "Be it but three moons from the start, he who returns is not he that departs."
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 14.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Hm! Even I know the importance of maintaining a healthy work-life balance!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 32.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' ...In that case, three days.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 15.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Alright, I can work with that.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 33.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' If you have the time, would you join me for this search?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 34.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' You're well-known to many of the adepti, and respected among the people. I'll feel much more at ease with your company.
:{{DIcon}} Of course.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 ganyu 35.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Okay, then let's meet back here in three days.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Watch this space, Mr. Dvorak! We'll get to the bottom of this.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 16.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' You're all so helpful and kind, I really... I just...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just think... imagine if we found the adeptus lady or one of her descendants and got them to come to the performance. Wouldn't that be amazing?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It'd be such a happy reunion! And that's exactly what this festival's all about!
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure the wind that guided you here feels the same way.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 17.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' ...You're right. Okay! I'm going to pull out all the stops to make this Lantern Rite a true extravaganza.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 keqing 16.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' We should probably get going. Mr. Dvorak, could you come with me to confirm the site?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! We're coming too!

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 18.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' I was wondering, what are your thoughts on music? What does it mean to you?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Music... sounds... nice?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 19.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Heh... truth be told, the question of what music means to people is one that I've been pondering for quite some time...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 5 dvorak 20.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Let's revisit this question after the concert.
----
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 6 baiwen 01.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' Lady Yuheng!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 6 keqing 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Baiwen, what is it?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 6 baiwen 02.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' Per Lady Ningguang's orders, I've been gathering intelligence outside of the city with the goal of uncovering and dispatching any trouble ahead of the festival.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 6 baiwen 03.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' I am told that a strange melody was heard somewhere along the coast. I was wary of investigating further on my own, so I was just on my way to report this incident to Lady Ningguang...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 6 baiwen 04.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' But I'm worried that if we don't act right away, we may miss the window of opportunity to take appropriate action...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 6 keqing 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' I understand. In that case, I&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Let us handle this one.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Keqing, you're busy enough as it is. There's a ton of different things in this city that needs your attention.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 6 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo eqhdj201 6 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Leave it to us! Don't worry &mdash; whatever it is, we'll definitely be able to handle it. Uh... Well, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} will handle it.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 6 baiwen 05.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' With {{Traveler}} on the case, it's as good as dealt with...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 6 baiwen 06.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' Thank you, this will be a great help. I will inform Lady Ningguang about the situation. Once it's resolved, please come and find me again at Yujing Terrace and let me know.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Will do! And say hi to Ningguang for us!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 6 keqing 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' You have my thanks too. Stay safe, and come back as soon as you're finished.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 6 dvorak 01.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Good luck.

;(Talk to Dvorak or Keqing again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj201 keqing 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' ...She said she'll reach out to the Yun-Han Opera Troupe? I see.
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj201 keqing 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Then I'll arrange for a rehearsal venue and accommodation as soon as possible. Everything should be ready tonight.
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj201 dvorak 03.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Many thanks, Keqing.
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj201 dvorak 04.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Heh... You know, I once heard someone from Liyue describe a person as "swift as lightning and agile as the wind." At the time, I thought it was a curious expression, and I had a hard time piecing together a mental image of such a person.
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj201 dvorak 05.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' But now, having seen Keqing in action, I honestly can't think of any other way to describe it... It's such a vivid and expressive phrase. A testament to the richness of Liyue's culture.
:{{A|vo dialog eqhdj201 keqing 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' You're too kind, Mr. Dvorak.
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Baiwen said the strange tune was coming from around here, right?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon doesn't hear anything... There doesn't seem to be a soul in&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I was just wondering who in their right mind would come out to a place like this. So, it's you two.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yelan!? How did you sneak up on us like that? You nearly gave Paimon a heart attack!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You look pretty alive to me. Can't have spooked you that bad.
:{{Introductory Note|Yelan}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;You... ehh, fair enough...
:{{DIcon}} Know anything about the strange music?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Ah, you're here for that, too? Saves me a bit of explaining.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Come with me. I've already reconned the perimeter, so we should be safe.

;(Investigate the window)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This place is completely empty... There's nothing valuable left here at all...

;(Investigate the boxes)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hm, the stuff by the door is in pretty good condition, though. It can't have been too long ago that someone was last living here...

;(Investigate the door)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The doors and windows are all fine, so there definitely wasn't a break-in...

;(Approach the marked location in front of the house)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, how strange. It looks like it's been looted, except for the fact that there's no sign of a struggle.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The bad guys could have sneaked in while the owner was gone, but... then how do you explain why the door and windows are intact?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Seems you've done a pretty thorough inspection. So, any theories on what might have happened here?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yelan, you didn't hide some of the evidence from us on purpose, did you?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Why would I make this more difficult for you? We're on the same side here.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, well... Paimon gives up then. Paimon's got nothin'.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' What about you? Give up as well?
:{{DIcon}} It's difficult to theorize with so little evidence.
::{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 08a 1.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Yup. It's not obvious at first sight, that's for sure.
::{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 08a 2.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' To be honest, I was only able to put it all together because of some background knowledge about this area.
:{{DIcon}} It must have something to do with that melody...
::{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 08b 1.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Your instincts are pretty good.
::{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 08b 2.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hmm, or perhaps it's not instinct. The strange melody is one of the few pieces of information you have available, after all.
::{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 08b 3.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Let me share a folk story with you.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' A long time ago, there used to be a group of bandits in the Liyue countryside who would sound a horn every time they were about to raid a village.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' But it wasn't a rallying cry to rouse their fellow men. It was a disconcerting tune, meant to intimidate the weak and warn them of their impending doom.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 11.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' To escape with their lives, the villagers would abandon their homes and flee overnight, taking only their most valuable belongings with them. Everything else was left behind.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 12.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The bandits were eventually brought to justice. But the fear and trauma remained in the villagers' hearts.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 13.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Whenever they heard that melody, they would feel like their lives were in danger once again, and flee immediately.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 14.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The culprit of this crime exploited that very fear to get access to this house without having to force their way in.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, that's quite the story...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 15.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The victims obviously will have gotten quite a fright, but at least they won't be in any great danger.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 16.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The important thing now is to find this copycat criminal.
:{{DIcon}} If we use Elemental Sight...
:{{DIcon}} We could follow their tracks...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 17.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' On any other day, that'd probably be a good idea. Unfortunately, it's not gonna work today.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 18.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Take a look around and you'll see what I mean. This criminal is clearly well-versed both in using music to commit crimes and in making a clean getaway.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 19.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Not only did they stay off the muddy road to avoid leaving footprints, it looks like they were also careful not to bring any gadgets with so much as a trace of elemental energy. Evidently, they were intent on keeping even the most experienced investigators off their trail.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 20.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Unfortunately for them, I'm one of the best trackers in the business. They're not about to get away with their little scheme on my watch.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So basically... if we wanna find the culprit, we just need to follow Yelan!
:;(The Traveler and Paimon follow Yelan)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 21.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Mm-hmm. As long as you can keep up.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 7 yelan 22.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Since the culprit's trying to be cautious and low-risk, I'll bet they left through an area with some vegetation for cover &mdash; but not so much that it would slow them down.
----
;(Follow Yelan to the first location)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 8 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Here, look at this.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 8 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' These tracks are superficial, but they definitely didn't occur naturally. Something heavy was being dragged this way... meaning, we're headed in the right direction.

;(Follow Yelan to the second location)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 8 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Huh, their pace has increased... Normally, people carrying a heavy load slow down as their journey goes on and they start to tire.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 8 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Whatever's motivating them to speed up must be psychological. For instance... reaching the home stretch.

;(Approach Yelan)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There they are! Look, a Treasure Hoarder tent!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, not the Treasure Hoarders again! And so close to Lantern Rite, too... 'Tis not the season for their antics!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 9 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' C'mon, let's round 'em up.
----
;(Approach the Treasure Hoarder)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 10 fujing 01.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' Hey! Who are you? Where'd you come from?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 10 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hmm... the evidence is conclusive.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 10 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Okay &mdash; confess, and we'll go easy on you. My patience is running low, so why don't you do us both a favor, hmm?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 10 fujing 02.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' You kidding me!? You think I'm scared of you?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 10 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Perhaps not. But you should be.

;(When Fujing reaches less than 50% HP)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 10 fujing 03.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' Curses... seems like you're not all talk after all...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 10 fujing 04.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' But there's no going back now... Better up my game!

;(Defeat Fujing)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 fujing 01.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' Mercy, have mercy...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Ooh, it's a little late for that... I've come this far, I might as well finish the job.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 fujing 02.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' I surrender! I surrender, please! I'll do whatever you say! Please have mercy...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hmph. Tell us everything.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You have one chance, and I'm warning you: Don't make me ask twice...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 fujing 03.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' I won't! I swear!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 fujing 04.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' Um, y'know, so... Lantern Rite's nearly here, and like a lot of people, I wanted to buy a few nice things...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 fujing 05.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' I know I'm with the Treasure Hoarders and everything, but I don't really have any kind of experience with robbing people and whatnot, so I, uh... I don't have the guts to break into somebody's house.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you're really going to complain to us about that?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 fujing 06.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' No, not at all. I'm just... telling it how it is.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Mkay. Continue.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 fujing 07.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' I racked my brains trying to think of what I could do, and eventually I remembered something from back when I was a kid. The bandits would blow their horn, and my grandma would grab us kids and run...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 fujing 08.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' I remember the tune, so I... I figured I'd try it for myself. ...I mean, just to see what would happen! At first, anyway... I seriously didn't expect that family to pack up and leave...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 fujing 09.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' But they did, and they just left all their stuff right there for the taking. It was too easy, I just... I couldn't resist...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 fujing 10.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' It was completely wrong of me, I know that now. I'll return everything that I took &mdash; it's all still in perfect condition. It'll be like it was never gone... Please, gimme a chance, huh? Let me make it right...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Give you a chance, huh? Sounds to me like you'd rather strike some kind of a deal... than spend Lantern Rite behind bars?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 fujing 11.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' Y&mdash;Yes, um... yes...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You know how to bargain, I'll give you that. It's just a pity that you didn't confess at the first opportunity.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You'll have to take a walk with me.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Once we've returned the goods, we'll find the owner of the house, and you can apologize to them in person. After that, I'll escort you to the Ministry of Civil Affairs.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 fujing 12.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' Yes, Ma'am!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You know, as a former victim of this kind of crime yourself, I doubt anyone understands the fear you inflicted quite as well as you do.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Does your greed matter more to you than your fear? More to the point, if you can play a tune from memory, don't you think you should be capable of making an honest living?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 fujing 13.ogg}} '''Fujing:''' You mean...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 11.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Heh, that's enough hints for you. You'll have plenty of time to reflect on all of this yourself.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 12.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' There's not much left to wrap up, so I'll take it from here. Guess this is where I'll say goodbye.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{DIcon}} Well done, Yelan!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 13.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' ...Hmm...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it? Is there something else?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 14.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I'm still not sure how you first got your hands on this information, so play it safe when you get back. Don't mention to anyone that you ran into me out here.
:;(Yelan whispers to the Traveler)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 15.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You helped a lot with the investigation and arrest anyway, so it's perfectly fair for you to get all the credit. Just take it &mdash; it works better for me too.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 yelan 16.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' See you when I see you. And Happy Lantern Rite.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yelan's such a pro at this. With her taking it from here, it's as good as resolved.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fwoosh! [[Random Event]]: "A Strange Melody" complete!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Although... it's kind of a shame that we never got that Treasure Hoarder guy to play the melody again.
:{{DIcon}} Why's it a shame?
::{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 paimon 06a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' 'Cause Paimon's curious, that's why! It's like when you have a tune stuck in your head, but you don't even know what it is. It's driving Paimon crazy!
:{{DIcon}} I'm quite curious myself.
::{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 paimon 06b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right? How could anyone not be!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When we were chatting with Mr. Dvorak, music seemed like such a positive thing.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And most music is, right? It can help us relax, feel all warm and fuzzy, recall happy memories, or even just think happy thoughts...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon never imagined that music could be used to commit crimes...
:{{DIcon}} It comes down to the ill will of the user...
:{{DIcon}} Their bad deeds influenced the emotions associated with the music.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, really? Huh... Makes sense... Paimon's musical understanding improves again!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 11 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well anyway, now that everything's resolved, let's get back to Liyue Harbor. Baiwen's still waiting for us with our Random Event rewards!
----
;(Approach Baiwen)
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Baiwen~! We're back. Everything's all sorted!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 baiwen 01.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' That's great news! Please wait here a moment, if you would be so kind. Lady Ningguang instructed me to advise her upon your return...
:{{Black Screen|Baiwen hurries off...}}
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' My greetings to the both of you. Long time no see.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No need to be so formal with us, Ningguang! We've known each other for a long time now. You must be super busy with all the preparations for Lantern Rite. Don't mind us!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' On the contrary, I think it is those that I have known longest to whom I should extend the greatest courtesies.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Alas, on a different day, I would invite both of you inside for some tea, and a brief respite from your travels...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But you're quite right: Trivial matters aside, there's no escaping the fact that we have a grand concert to organize.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Once the performance itself is over, we'll then need to invite the representatives of the Iridescence Tour for a discussion on future collaboration opportunities. The financing arrangements alone could well entail many rounds of discussion.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Simply put, there will always be work to do.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... you're already thinking that far ahead?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hehe... well, we can discuss more current affairs if you'd prefer.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I trust you saw this year's Mingxiao Lantern at the docks when you arrived at the city?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! It looked like... a goose? Which adeptus is it modeled on this time?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' [[Sea Gazer]]. I believe you're familiar with the name?
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Legend holds that he was free-spirited and easy-going. People described him as a cheerful soul and a loyal friend.
:{{DIcon}} I remember.
:{{DIcon}} It's been too long, I can't seem to recall...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' "On this marvelous Lantern Rite, we pray that the fallen heroes may be guided home."
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If the sound of music can flow like the rivers and streams into every corner of the land, perhaps the souls of those who have gone before us will hear the song of a new era. I wonder whether the melodies will be to their liking...
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, they're gonna love them! Paimon's sure of it!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At least, if the guy you mentioned is anything to go by, the adepti and heroes of the past sound like a positive and free-spirited cheerful bunch. They're sure to be open to new music!
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hehe, well let's hope so.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I heard that you'll be going on a search with Ganyu to find the descendants of a fairy lady from a Fontaine legend.
:{{A|vo eqhdj201 12 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I'm sure this quest to uncover the truth behind an ancient story will turn into a most charming tale... Do share it with me, won't you? I couldn't bear to miss out.
:{{DIcon}} Absolutely.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Thousand Miles for an Enigmatic Tune
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Qinl Xn Yn J Nnm
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Qinl Xn Yn J Nnm
|zh_tl   = Seeking a Tune for a Thousand Miles, Its Traces Elusive
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Senri wo Kakeru Onseki wa Motome Katashi{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = A Sound that Travels a Thousand Miles is Hard to Find
|ko      =   
|ko_tl   = A Thousand Miles for Music
|es      = En busca de la enigmtica meloda
|es_tl   = In Search of the Enigmatic Melody
|fr      = Mille lieux pour un air nigmatique
|fr_tl   = A Thousand Places for an Enigmatic Tune
|ru      =      
|ru_tl   = A Thousand Miles Following a Mysterious Melody
|th      = 
|th_rm   = Thong Phan Li Sa-waeng Rong-roi Botphleng Lueklap
|th_tl   = Wander a Thousand Li in Search for a Trace of Mysterious Song
|vi      = m Thanh Vn Dm Kh Tm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Auf der Suche nach der geheimnisvollen Melodie
|de_tl   = In Search of the Enigmatic Tune
|id      = Pencarian Melodi Penuh Teka-Teki
|id_tl   = Enigmatic Melody Search
|pt      = Longas Distncias por uma Msica Misteriosa
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gizemli Bir Melodi in Uzun Bir Yolculuk
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Mille miglia per una melodia enigmatica
|it_tl   = A Thousand Miles for an Enigmatic Melody
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[es:En busca de la enigmtica meloda]]
[[id:Pencarian Melodi Penuh Teka-Teki]]
[[it:Mille miglia per una melodia enigmatica]]
[[pt-br:Longas Distncias por uma Msica Misteriosa]]
[[ru:     ]]