{{EventTabs
|rootpage = A Thousand Questions With Paimon/2022-03-25
}}
{{Event
|name              = A Thousand Questions With Paimon 2022-03-25
|image             = A Thousand Questions With Paimon 2022-03-25.jpg
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-03-25 13:00
|time_end          = 2022-03-27 23:59
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/3952150
|link2             = https://webstatic-sea.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/answer-question/index.html?activity_no=2f151b0c13924d49#
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
A new challenge with new goals!

Take part in the Paimon Quiz Event from HoYoLAB each day and answer questions correctly to win Mora!

==How to Access Event==
Go to [https://webstatic-sea.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/answer-question/index.html?activity_no=2f151b0c13924d49# HoYoLAB]. Alternatively, through in-game's Event Notice or Mail.

==Requirements==
During the event, Travelers who have reached [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above can participate in this event daily.

==Event Details==
Each challenge includes 10 multiple choice questions. A correct answer will grant rewards, while an incorrect answer will result in none. The challenge can be restarted to retry the questions that were answered incorrectly at first to obtain the remaining rewards.

==Event Rewards==
{{Item|Mora|25|x=5,000}} will be obtained for every correct answer. 10 such rewards for correct answers can be obtained per day.

==Reward Delivery==
Via in-game mail (there may be some delay in the delivery of rewards)

The mail will be valid for 7 days, so be sure to collect your rewards in time~

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Each day, Paimon's questions will refresh at 04:00, please pay attention to the time.

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|A Thousand Questions With Paimon|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[ja:パイモンのクイズタイム？/2.5]]
[[th:สารพัดคำถามไปกับ Paimon/2022-03-25]]