{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13021
|image         = Story Quest A Thorough Investigation.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Vultur Volans Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = The Illusions of the Mob
|character     = Alhaitham
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Alhaitham; Alyasa; Ashera; Chandra; Ilyas; Izebel; Janaki; Makesh; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[The Akademiya]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = Fragmented Testimony
|next          = Pride and Prejudice
|exp           = 550
|mora          = 38,100
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Thorough Investigation''''' is the second part of [[Alhaitham]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Vultur Volans Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Illusions of the Mob]].

==Steps==
# Head towards the Research Preparation Center
# Talk with the staff at the Research Preparation Center
# Look for [[Chandra]]
# Talk to Chandra
# Look for [[Janaki]]
# Talk to Janaki
# Search for information related to [[Ilyas]]
# Talk to [[Alhaitham]]
# Wait for Alhaitham to look through the information
# Talk to Alhaitham
# Talk to Ilyas
# Go to [[Gandharva Ville]]
# Talk to Ilyas's parents

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Ilyas remembered two things that he had to do, one of which is to collect his pay at the Research Preparation Center.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Makesh, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ahlq002 ramesh 05.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' (There's just too much to do...)

;(Approach Makesh)
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 ramesh 01.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' Acting Grand Sage Alhaitham, I've sent this period's research expenses report to your office. Have you taken a look? Are there any issues with it?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I did. Recent research expenses have decreased quite a bit compared to past figures.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 ramesh 02.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' Yes, though that is primarily because there are fewer scholars with research needs.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 ramesh 03.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' But that can be a rather... convoluted topic. Might I ask why you are here today?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I believe you know this individual &mdash; his name is Ilyas. He worked part-time here, and he's here for his paycheck.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 ramesh 04.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' Oh, yes, of course, though... Ilyas, where have you been these past few days?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 ramesh 05.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' That was our busy period, but then you disappeared without a word. Everyone had to pick up the slack.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 ilyas 01.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I'm sorry, something unexpected came up...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 ilyas 02.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' But I know I've caused trouble for everyone... Is there anything I can do to make up for it?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 ramesh 06.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' The other researchers have more or less finished your share of the work. However, there is one thing that has yet to be settled.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 ramesh 07.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' Do you remember Chandra? You were in charge of following up on his off-site research application.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 ramesh 08.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' He retracted his application a few days ago and canceled his off-site project.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 ramesh 09.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' He's the twelfth person to retract a research application this month. I'd like you to ask him why he did that. Chandra is probably having coffee at this hour, so you can find him at the cafe.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 ilyas 03.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Understood. Then, about my paycheck...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 ramesh 10.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' I'll pay you in full once you return. However, make sure you don't disappear without saying anything again. Be considerate to your colleagues and give them some forewarning at least.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 ramesh 11.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' Is this acceptable, Acting Grand Sage Alhaitham?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 1 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I have no objections.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Makesh, optional)
:{{A|vo ahlq002 5 ramesh 01.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' (Well, seeing as it's Acting Grand Sage Alhaitham...)

;(Talk to Makesh again)
:{{A|vo dialog ahlq002 ramesh 01.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' Things at the Akademiya have been strange lately. People have become much less interested in doing research.
:{{A|vo dialog ahlq002 ramesh 02.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' This will definitely be bad in the long run...
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|According to Makesh, Ilyas's disappearance has caused some trouble for the Research Preparation Center. Ilyas wants to see if there's something he can do to make up for this. Makesh recommended that he ask Chandra about the reasons why the latter withdrew his off-site research application.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Chandra, optional)
:{{A|vo ahlq002 5 chandra 01.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' (The coffee is really bitter today...)

;(Approach Chandra)
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 01.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' Ilyas? Long time no see. What can I do for you?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 ilyas 01.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I heard that you canceled your research project, so I'm just here to ask you why.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 02.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' Oh, that... Erm, it's really nothing special. I just don't feel like going anymore.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 03.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' I'm not the only one who canceled, right? I mean, people have had no motivation to conduct research lately, haven't they?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' "No motivation to conduct research"?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 04.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' Yeah... Say, who might you be? You look sort of familiar.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Oh, don't mind me. Please continue.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 05.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' Well, with the downfall of the sages not long ago, many of the projects that they led were put on hold while they were being investigated.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 06.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' With the situation being so volatile, people are picking up random things to do to kill time. No one wants to risk starting any new research until it's clear how things will pan out in the future.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' When you say "how things will pan out," you actually mean "what the new sages would have interest in," right?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 07.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' Wow, talk about blunt... But that isn't the only reason for the lack of motivation to start new research.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what are the other reasons?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 08.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' Well... because the Akasha Terminal shut down.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 09.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' I'm sure you're all aware that we require all kinds of knowledge to perform any of the research we do.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 10.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' Back then, the Akasha would respond to any of our requests for the knowledge we needed.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 11.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' It was beyond convenient. We didn't have to spend an extended amount of time studying, so we were able to immediately run various tests and experiments.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I see.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 12.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' You get it, right? After having had a taste of something so amazing, who can be bothered to manually sift through data and files ever again?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 13.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' There are only a handful of people at the Akademiya who are starting new projects or performing research. Most people are like me, waiting for a recognized researcher to start a project before immediately applying to join.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 14.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' Although our names will be further down in the paper, we'll have a much easier time. We don't have to do most of the mental heavy-lifting &mdash; all we have to do is focus on our assigned tasks.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 ilyas 10.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Ugh!
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ilyas, what's wrong?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 ilyas 02.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' My head... It hurts...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 ilyas 03.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I remember now... I remember what Siraj said to me as he approached...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 ilyas 04.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' "You will become 'Siraj Number 36.' Fuse yourself with a consciousness under my control. Think only in accordance with a set module... like a worker bee in a beehive."
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't get it. What does that even mean?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's what Siraj was researching, and the topic of the thesis he had submitted: "collective consciousness and the path of evolution."
:{{DIcon}} "Collective consciousness"?
:{{DIcon}} "Path of evolution"?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Siraj believed that by achieving three objectives, he could create a collective consciousness in human society and drive humans toward their ultimate evolution.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' First, he would rank test subjects in descending order of ability, with number one serving as the "Overmind."
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' This Overmind would then divide tasks into numerous modules and delegate them to the collective's members, based on their assigned number.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Lastly, members would share their memories and emotions to facilitate the rapid exchange of information within the collective.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon still doesn't get it. What's the point of all that?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Think of it as linking many minds together and tailoring a given mind's assigned work based on its compatibility.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Eventually, everyone's minds will be consolidated into a new form of existence that is both an "individual" and an "organization."
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Siraj believes this "collective consciousness" is superior to individual humans.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, squishing a whole bunch of people together... Paimon thinks that sounds horrible.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 ilyas 05.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' It's just as Alhaitham said. Siraj gave all the test subjects different numbers. Bigger numbers meant you had a lower rank, so your assigned tasks were less complex, such as being responsible for everyone's basic needs.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 ilyas 06.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Smaller numbers were ranked higher, so you'd be given more complex assignments, like planning for the future. Siraj referred to me as Number 36. I think that was a low-ranking number.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 ilyas 07.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I also recall that Siraj said his plan was proceeding very quickly, and that the "Hive" would soon be complete.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, then we gotta hurry! We have to stop him before it's complete!
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 ilyas 08.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I tried my best, but that's all that I can remember. I still can't recall where the cave is. I'm really sorry...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Take your time. You'll eventually remember it all. However, something doesn't seem right. Some details don't add up...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 ilyas 09.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' What's off?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You were only designated as number 36? What a shame. From what I can see, your talents merit a smaller number.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'm not sure what Siraj's numbering system is based on... Anyway, we're done here. Let's go.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 15.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' Please, wait!
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 16.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' I heard you all talking about Siraj just now. Are you looking for him?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 alhaitham 16.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hm? Do you know something?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 17.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' Well, Siraj is pretty popular as of late. I heard he's gained recognition from a lot of well-known researchers. Supposedly, he's a strong contender for being one of the next sages.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 18.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' There are many who would give up everything to be a part of his research team. I'm nothing special, though, so I doubt I'd get the opportunity...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 19.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' That said, I do know a researcher who received an invitation from Siraj but declined it. Her name is Janaki.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 2 chandra 20.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' If you're interested, you can try to find her. She's usually reading at the pavilion in the garden.

;(Talk to Chandra again)
:{{A|vo dialog ahlq002 chandra 01.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' Hmm? What can I do for you?

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Chandra, optional)
:{{A|vo ahlq002 5 chandra 02.ogg}} '''Chandra:''' (*sigh* I wish I could've joined Siraj's research project, too...)
{{Dialogue end}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|According to Chandra, the Akademiya's learning atmosphere has been afflicted with strangeness in recent times. Upon the mention of Siraj's name, Chandra notes that he's familiar with a scholar by the name of Janaki who also previously received an invitation from Siraj.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Janaki, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ahlq002 janaki 01.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' (Did I pay too much for that piece of jewelry today?)

;(Talk to Janaki)
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you Janaki? We'd like to ask you a couple of things about Siraj!
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 01.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' ...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 02.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' Ilyas?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 01.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Do you know me? I'm sorry, but I don't recognize you...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 03.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' Are you playing dumb with me?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 02.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' No, I'm not! I actually have amnesia, so I've lost a lot of my memories.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 04.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' And? Are you trying to say that I should forgive you just because you've forgotten what you've done?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 05.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' Or are you using the Acting Grand Sage as backup to settle things with me? The two biggest "loners" teaming up... What a terrible thought...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That's enough. There seems to be a dispute between the two of you, but I have no interest in that.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I heard that Siraj once invited you to join his project. Is that true?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 06.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' ...So what if it is?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 07.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' Siraj did extend an invitation to me, and I was also interested in his project.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 08.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' I think it was about collective consciousness or something. Anyway, he said that I could be Number 45. I refused because I thought that rank was too low.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 09.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' No one wants to be placed at the bottom, certainly not me.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ilyas is Number 36 and Janaki was supposed to be Number 45... Just how many people did Siraj have his eyes on?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Tell me, did Siraj tell you how he assigned numbers?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 10.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' Yeah. Remember how the sages took advantage of the [[Akasha]] and extracted Jnana Energy from our heads back then?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 11.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' They left a document that records the amount of Jnana Energy that the Akasha had extracted from each person.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 12.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' I don't know how Siraj got his hands on that document, but he used it as the basis for his numbering system.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hmm, I see. He believes that this data can be used to evaluate a person's computing power...
:{{DIcon}} Is it true, though?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Putting aside the validity of the data, it is meaningless to judge individuals based solely on their Jnana Energy.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' At most, Jnana Energy can only be seen as representing a portion of a person's abilities. Humans are complicated beings, so it is impossible to evaluate them using a single criterion.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 13.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' See? I knew I couldn't have only been ranked as 45.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' What else do you know about Siraj?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 14.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' That's it. He came to me, I refused, and that was the end of it.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 15.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' Is there anything else you needed? If not, I'm outta here. I've had enough of this eyesore.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 03.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Please, wait. I... I still want to know what I did in the past.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 16.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' You really forgot?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 04.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I swear I don't remember anything.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can vouch for him! The matra also said that he's truly lost his memories.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 17.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' I see. You know what? It's better this way.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 18.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' I get angry just thinking about it, so I really don't have the patience to fill you in. All you need to know is that you got a lot of people in trouble back then, including me.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 janaki 19.ogg}} '''Janaki:''' That's all that I have to say. Goodbye.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And she's gone... She doesn't seem to like you very much. Do you really not remember anything?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 05.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I really don't, but after she said that, I've had this heavy feeling in my chest.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 06.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I guess... I did something really horrible...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Do you want to remember?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 07.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Even though you're a witness against Siraj in this case, you've also lost your memory.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' No one can force you to remember if you don't want to. Even if you managed to remember, all you would need to do is feign ignorance and tell us that you tried the best you could, but to no avail.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 08.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I'm not sure what to do... Like I said before, for some reason, I felt a sense of freedom when I realized I had lost my memories...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 09.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' But I feel like I shouldn't be allowed to go free so easily. I still want to remember everything. What should I do?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I can look up your file.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Something that "caused trouble for a lot of people" in the past must be on file somewhere.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Would you like me to look into it?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 10.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' ...Yes, please.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Alright, then let's return to the House of Daena. We've spent enough time here, and you should go and get your paycheck.
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|For some reason, Janaki is filled with animosity towards Ilyas, while the latter can't seem to remember his own past. Alhaitham suggests that he can help Ilyas look up his own case profile. Use this opportunity to find out more about Ilyas's background.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the center of the House of Daena)
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Let's split up for now. Ilyas, you go and deal with that. The rest of you, come to the archives with me.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 16.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' We'll meet back here later and then head over to Gandharva Ville.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 11.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Okay... Thank you all so much.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 17.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Relax, Ilyas. Being nervous accomplishes nothing.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 12.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' That's true... *sigh* I'm ready. No matter what I've done, I'm ready to face it.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 13.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I'll also try my best to remember anything else related to Siraj. We'll put an end to all of this.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 18.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'm holding you to that. See you later.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Makesh)
:{{A|vo ahlq002 5 ramesh 02.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' (What is Ilyas's relation to Acting Grand Sage Alhaitham?)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Ilyas)
:{{A|vo ahlq002 5 ilyas 01.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' (I can buy my sister a new dress...)

;(Talk to Makesh or Ilyas)
:{{A|vo dialog ahlq002 ramesh 03.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' Here's your paycheck. Next time, remember to give us a heads-up if you'll be absent.
:{{A|vo dialog ahlq002 ilyas 01.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Got it. Thank you so much.
:{{A|vo dialog ahlq002 ramesh 04.ogg}} '''Makesh:''' No problem. Let me know if you ever run into any trouble.

;(Ride the elevator to the top of the House of Daena and talk to Alhaitham)<!--no ASTK-->
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 19.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Okay, the important files from the last few years should all be here.

;(Investigate the file on the left)
:'''About the Corps of Thirty Application Fee:''' "There are many vacancies for sages, and the number of suspicious people spreading various news in Sumeru City has increased significantly recently. The Corps of Thirty are looking to recruit for surveillance to ensure the city's peace and stability..."

;(Investigate the file in the middle)
:'''About the Sleepwalking Eccentric:''' "The Rtawahist Darshan has also had an abundance of weirdos. Recently, there is a new rumor that a [[Layla|student]] has the ability to write "the Heaven-Sent Thesis. The circumstances are still under investigation..."

;(Investigate the file on the right)
;;(Before completing [[The Unanswerable Problems]])
:'''About recent developments in Pardis Dhyai:''' "Pardis Dhyai has been peaceful recently, and there's nothing out of the ordinary."
;;(After completing [[The Unanswerable Problems]])
:'''About the "Ghost of Pardis Dhyai":''' "There are witnesses that say that there is a [[Karkata|mysterious shadow]] wandering around Pardis Dhyai at night. The investigation found nothing suspicious and the case was closed."

;(After reading all three files or a certain amount of time has passed)
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 20.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' ...Hmm.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 21.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Nothing. Anyway, I found Ilyas's file. Let's meet downstairs.
:;(The player is teleported downstairs)
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 14.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' What... have I done?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 22.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' This file indicates that you were once commended by the Akademiya for your "courage and sense of justice." You were considered a "hero."
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 15.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Huh? Me?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 23.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Yes. Your instructor was engaging in academic fraud, and you were the one who reported him.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 24.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Your report was found to be true after a series of investigations, and your instructor was brought to justice by the matra.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 25.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' This incident caused quite the commotion, and the Akademiya sent you a commendation.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 21.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Ugh!
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 26.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' What is it? Are any memories coming back to you?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 16.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' No, it's just... My head feels like it's being ripped apart again... It hurts...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 17.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Did I seriously do that? Then why...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 27.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Let's put this matter aside for now. It isn't directly related to Siraj, so there's no need to push yourself over it.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 18.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' ...I'm sorry.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 19.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' That should have been something good to hear, but my body is instinctively rejecting it. I feel like I'll black out if I try to remember...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 28.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Take it slow. Recovering memories is no easy task, especially when it involves memories that you don't want to remember.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 alhaitham 29.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Just do what you think is right.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 ilyas 20.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Thank you. I'm not sure how you're so calm and composed all the time, but it does make me feel more confident about the situation I'm in.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's head to Gandharva Ville and deliver Ilyas's paycheck to his sister! Come on!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Ilyas was once hailed as a hero against academic fraud by the Akademiya, but for some reason, this honor did not bring him any joy. Now that Ilyas has also picked up his pay, it's time to accompany him on a trip to Gandharva Ville.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the center of Gandharva Ville)
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 01.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' We should be close. Let me think... It should be this way.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 alyasha 01.ogg}} '''Alyasa:''' Ilyas? What are you doing back here?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 02.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Dad... It's nothing. I was just wondering how everyone was doing.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ashera 01.ogg}} '''Ashera:''' You sure everything's okay? Did they bully you again? It's alright, you can tell us...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 18.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Ugh!
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ashera 02.ogg}} '''Ashera:''' Ilyas! What's wrong!?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 03.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' It's fine, just a minor headache. I haven't been getting much rest lately...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 alyasha 02.ogg}} '''Alyasa:''' *sigh* Back then, I told you not to be a hero. Look how things turned out.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 alyasha 03.ogg}} '''Alyasa:''' I can't imagine how things are going for you at the Akademiya. We've even been receiving threat letters.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ashera 03.ogg}} '''Ashera:''' You don't have to force yourself to stay at the Akademiya. You can always come back home...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 04.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I'm alright, I just need a little rest.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ilyas doesn't seem like he wants them to know that he has amnesia...
:{{DIcon}} He doesn't want his family to worry.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 izebel 01.ogg}} '''Izebel:''' Hey, hey, that's enough, you two. Ilyas isn't feeling well. You can keep nagging him once we get home.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 izebel 02.ogg}} '''Izebel:''' Ilyas, let's find somewhere to talk.

:'''Ilyas's sister brings you to a quieter place.'''

:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 izebel 03.ogg}} '''Izebel:''' So, how's your headache?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 05.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' It's much better now. Oh, here &mdash; it's this month's paycheck. How's everything at home?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 izebel 04.ogg}} '''Izebel:''' Same old, same old... It's just that everyone's worried about you.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 izebel 05.ogg}} '''Izebel:''' Don't mind their nagging. Deep down, they know that you did the right thing.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 izebel 06.ogg}} '''Izebel:''' It's just that after hearing a lot of bad rumors about you, and seeing all the threatening letters... Well, they're Mom and Dad. Maybe they just want you to... conform a bit more.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 06.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' "Conform"...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 izebel 07.ogg}} '''Izebel:''' Yeah, you don't remember? After the incident, you...
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 izebel 08.ogg}} '''Izebel:''' Ilyas? What's wrong?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 07.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Ah... I see. I remember now. Don't worry, I remember now.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 izebel 09.ogg}} '''Izebel:''' You're acting a little weird today, you know? Anyway, I understand your decision, but Mom, Dad, and I just want you to be happy.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 izebel 10.ogg}} '''Izebel:''' I don't care if you're a hero or not. I just want you to enjoy life and relax more.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Your understanding is a great comfort to him.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 izebel 11.ogg}} '''Izebel:''' Is it? That's good. Are you a friend of his?
:'''Izebel:''' Huh... Wait a moment... you look familiar. Have you visited Gandharva Ville before?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 alhaitham 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ahlq002 4 alhaitham 02b.ogg}}--> '''Alhaitham:''' Moreso these two. My name is Alhaitham, and this is (Traveler) and Paimon.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 izebel 12.ogg}} '''Izebel:''' Oh, that rings a bell... At any rate, I feel more at ease knowing that my brother has friends.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 izebel 13.ogg}} '''Izebel:''' Would you like to join us for dinner? I just happened to buy some extra food.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 08.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Sorry, but I still have things I need to take care of.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 izebel 14.ogg}} '''Izebel:''' Well, that's a shame... Okay, I'll get going then. Take care of yourself, Ilyas!
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 09.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Don't worry, I won't do anything to make you guys worry again.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You remember now?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 10.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Yes, I do.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 11.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Thanks for that. You know, you don't seem like such a bad person.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Is that your way of conveying gratitude?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 12.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Oh, my apologies... but I meant every word. Remember when I asked at the tavern if we had ever met?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 13.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I said there was a sense of familiarity, but what I really meant was a sense of loathing.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Loathing?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 14.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Yeah, but having spent some time with you, I realized that you're not someone I'd dislike to that extent.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 15.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Strange, isn't it? Why did I have those thoughts at that time?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' My strength is that I don't care about what others think. If you could also develop this quality, then you won't be as bothered by complicated social relationships.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 16.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' It'd be great if I could think like you. Ah, but first things first, I remember where Siraj's cave is now. I'll take you there.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? That's great!
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, Paimon remembers that you said there were two things that you had to do. We've only checked off one, right?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What about the other one? Are we not gonna do that first?
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 ilyas 17.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' There are more important things at hand... We have to stop Siraj before he completes his collective consciousness, or it'll be too late.
:{{A|vo ahlq002 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're right. Let's head out!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Thorough Investigation
|zhs     = 明察暗访
|zhs_rm  = Míngchá Ànfǎng
|zht     = 明察暗訪
|zht_rm  = Míngchá Ànfǎng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 徹底調査
|ja_rm   = Tettei Chousa
|ja_tl   = A Thorough Investigation
|ko      = 철저한 조사
|ko_tl   = A Thorough Investigation
|es      = Investigación meticulosa
|es_tl   = Meticulous Investigation
|fr      = Enquête approfondie
|fr_tl   = Thorough Investigation
|ru      = Тщательное расследование
|ru_tl   = Thorough Investigation
|th      = การสืบสวนอย่างทั่วถึง
|th_rm   = Karn Suepsuan yang Thuathueng
|th_tl   = A Thorough Investigation
|vi      = Điều Tra Cẩn Thận
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine gründliche Untersuchung
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Investigasi Menyeluruh
|id_tl   = A Thorough Investigation
|pt      = Investigação Minuciosa
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Titiz Bir Araştırma
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un'indagine approfondita
|it_tl   = A Thorough Investigation
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}