{{EventTabs
|rootpage = A Thousand Questions With Paimon/2020-12-18
}}
{{Event
|name              = A Thousand Questions With Paimon 2020-12-18
|image             = A Thousand Questions With Paimon Banner.jpg
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2020-12-18 11:00
|time_end          = 2020-12-20 23:59
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/7451
}}
New challenges, new goals, and new questions from Paimon every day! Answer them correctly to obtain Mora!

Travelers who have reached Adventure Rank 10 or above can take part in this event.

==How to Participate==
PC & Mobile: Go to the event notice in the Paimon Menu > Notices

PS4: Go to the event mail in the Paimon Menu > Mail

※ PS4 Players: To ensure that you are able to easily access the event, please do not delete the event mail. If you accidentally delete the mail, please contact Customer Service and provide your UID.

==Event Details==
Each challenge includes 10 multiple choice questions. A correct answer will grant rewards, while an incorrect answer will result in none. The challenge can be restarted to retry the questions that were answered incorrectly at first to obtain the remaining rewards.

==Event Rewards==
Mora ×5,000 will be obtained for every correct answer. 10 such rewards for correct answers can be obtained per day.

==Reward Delivery==
Via in-game mail (there may be some delay in the delivery of rewards)

The mail will be valid for 7 days, so be sure to collect your rewards in time~

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|A Thousand Questions With Paimon|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}