{{EventTabs
|rootpage = A Thousand Questions With Paimon/2020-12-18
}}
The following are questions that you may receive in the web event '''A Thousand Questions With Paimon'''. Only the correct answers are listed.
==List of Possible Questions==
'''''Use Ctrl+F (find) to search up particular questions'''''
----
After using his Elemental Burst, [[Lightning Fang]], Razor's Normal Attacks will deal {{Color|Electro DMG}}.
*'''False'''
----
Amber is the Knights of Favonius' only
*'''Outrider'''
----
At which of the following restaurants can you try Xiangling's cooking?
*'''Wanmin Restaurant'''
----
Attacking a Geo Slime not infused by Geo with Geo attacks will deal DMG.
*'''False'''
----
Barbara's Elemental Skill "Let the Show Begin♪" will intermittently apply Hydro to the active character. This can be used to clear Electro from a character who has had it applied to them.
*'''False'''
----
Barbara's Talent, Glorious Season, is able to decrease the stamina consumption of all party members when Barbara is in the party.
*'''False'''
----
Beidou's fleet is called:
*'''The Crux Fleet'''
----
Can two characters of the same element activate an Elemental Resonance in Co-Op Mode?
*'''Yes'''
----
Cryo attacks can destroy Pyro Abyss Mage's shields at the same rate as Hydro attacks &mdash; is this statement true?
*'''False'''
----
Diluc used to be the Knights of Favonius ______.
*'''Cavalry Captain'''
----
Donna, an assistant at Floral Whisper flower store, is infatuated with
*'''Diluc'''
----
Fatui Skirmishers will empower themselves in battle, and these empowerments must be removed to defeat them quickly. Of the following interactions, which one is the least efficient?
*'''Electrohammer Vanguard &mdash; use {{Color|Pyro DMG}}'''
----
Holding Venti's Elemental Skill allows him to generate a wind current which can be used to perform Plunging Attacks.
*'''True'''
----
How many Elemental Resonances can a single party have active at once?
*'''2'''
----
How many elements make up the continent of Teyvat?
*'''7'''
----
How many Ley Line challenges can exist in Mondstadt and Liyue at any one time?
*'''4'''
----
How many members does Benny's adventure team have?
*'''1'''
----
How many times will Diona's Elemental Burst heal a character?
*'''6'''
----
How many types of Hydro Mimics can the Oceanid summon in total?
*'''8 types'''
----
How often does the [[Rite of Descension]], one of Liyue's traditional ceremonies occur?
*'''Once a year'''
----
In Jean's Story Quest, "Leo Minor Chapter," what is the name of [[Margaret]]'s lost cat?
*'''Prince'''
----
In the Story Quest "Bookworm Swordsman", which volume of "Legend of the Shattered Halberd" did Xingqiu borrow from Chang the Ninth?
*'''6'''
----
In which of these locations can [[Dandy]] not be found to try a time trial challenge?
*'''The highest point of Qingce Village'''
----
Kaeya's Elemental Burst can Freeze
*'''False'''
----
Kaeya's Elemental Burst, Glacial Waltz, is able to constantly freeze water surfaces, allowing one to run across them.
*'''False'''
----
Lisa's "General Pharmaceutics" Passive Talent gives her a chance to refund materials used in crafting Character Enhancement Materials.
*'''False'''
----
Of the following Mondstadt taverns, Diona is a bartender at:
*'''The Cat's Tail'''
----
Oz summon duration is at a set time
*'''true'''
----
Protective Canopy provides a 15% RES against all elements to party members.
*'''True'''
----
Pyro Regisvine is immune to {{Color|Pyro DMG}}.
*'''False'''
----
Some of Lisa's attacks can apply the Conductive Status onto monsters. What is the maximum number of Conductive stacks that may be applied?
*'''3'''
----
Sucrose is the assistant of the genius alchemist called:
*'''Albedo'''
----
Sucrose's Passive Talent, Mollis Favonius, increases the Energy Recharge of all other party members by 20% of Sucrose's energy recharge for 8s when Sucrose's Elemental Skill or Burst hits an opponent.
*'''False'''
----
Tartaglia's Passive Talent, Master of Weaponry, increases the Normal Attack Level of characters in the party by 1.
*'''True'''
----
The constructs that Zhongli, Ningguang and the Geo Traveler summon can all be climbed &mdash; is this statement true?
*'''False'''
----
The Following statements regarding Baron Bunny is false?
*'''Baron Bunny's explosion delay is based on its charge time. The longer the Elemental Skill is held, the longer the delay until Baron Bunny explodes.'''
----
The Karst Crawlers at [[Mt. Hulao]] can entrap anyone who steps on them, covering the intruder in amber. Who planted those plants?
*'''Mountain Shaper'''
----
The people of Liyue believe that the adepti dwell in:
*'''Jueyun Karst'''
----
The rivalry between the two famed styles of cooking, Li and Yue, is a few hundred years old. Out of the two, the Yue style is popular among the enthusiasts of:
*'''Seaside delectables'''
----
The second charge level of Bennett's Elemental Skill, Passion Overload, will launch him, and this cannot be prevented by any other operations &mdash; is this statement true?
*'''False'''
----
The symbol of Mondstadt's Hero can be found at:
*'''Windrise'''
----
The Teyvat Travel Guide does not include
*'''Wuwang Hill'''
----
Using Geo attacks against Anemo Hypostasis: Beth will cause a [[Crystallize]] reaction.
*'''False'''
----
Venti's Elemental Skill will generate a lot of Elemental Particles upon hitting monsters. This feature can be taken advantage of by using his Elemental Skill before switching to a different character to help them gain Energy faster.
*'''True'''
----
Wangshu Inn's cat is called:
*'''Wei'''
----
What do Cecilias represent in the language of flowers?
*'''The true feelings of the prodigal son'''
----
What does "Lupical" mean?
*'''Family'''
----
What factors influence Oz's time on the field?
*'''Duration is fixed'''
----
What is Amber the champion of in Mondstadt?
*'''Gliding'''
----
What is Diona's Constellation called?
*'''Feles'''
----
What is Fischl's position at the Adventurers' Guild?
*'''Investigator'''
----
What is Keqing's title in the [[Liyue Qixing]]?
*'''Yuheng'''
----
What is the maximum number of Electro Sigils that Razor's Elemental Skill, Claw and Thunder, can generate?
*'''3'''
----
What is the name of the [[Anemo Hypostasis]]?
*'''Beth'''
----
What is the name of the bartender at the Angel's Share?
*'''Charles'''
----
What is the name of the hotel where the Fatui Diplomats were staying during Mondstadt's Stormterror issue?
*'''Goth Grand Hotel'''
----
What is the name of the night shift guard of the [[Northland Bank]]?
*'''Nadia'''
----
What reaction will occur when a Pyro Elemental Attack is used against Anemo Hypostasis: Beth?
*'''Swirl'''
----
What Skill is Cryo Abyss Mage's shield immune to?
*'''Kaeya's Elemental Skill'''
----
When Chongyun uses his Elemental Skill, Spirit Blade: Chonghua's Layered Frost, Diluc's attacks within that field will be infused with {{Color|Cryo DMG}}. &mdash; is this statement true?
*'''False'''
----
When does the Boreas fight refresh every week?
*'''Monday 4:00 AM'''
----
When fighting a Ruin Guard, we can attack its weak spots to cause it to enter a state of paralysis. How many weak spots does a Ruin Guard have?
*'''2'''
----
When fighting Electro Hypostasis: Aleph, which of the following elements is unable to decrease the HP of its prisms?
*'''Hydro'''
----
When Kaeya is in the party, character Stamina Consumption when sprinting is decreased.
*'''True'''
----
When the Anemo Traveler is affected by Pyro, holding the Traveler's Elemental Skill can be used to cause an Elemental Absorption.
*'''True'''
----
When the Traveler is affected by Pyro, holding the Traveler's Elemental Skill can be used to cause
*'''Elemental Absorption'''
----
When Xiangling's Guoba is breathing fire, if a character is in the AoE of the fire breath, they will also be affected by Pyro.
*'''False'''
----
Which Archon created the Mora?
*'''Geo Archon'''
----
Which element is most effective at attacking the [[Cryo Regisvine]]'s weak points?
*'''Pyro'''
----
Which location can [[Musk Reef]] be reached via a Black Hole?
*'''Cape Oath'''
----
Which location is not covered by the [[Teyvat Travel Guide]]?'
*'''Wuwang Hill'''
----
Which monster will not spawn from the Blossom of Revelation?
*'''Unusual Hilichurl'''
----
Which of the Archons was Mora named after?
*'''The Geo Archon'''
----
Which of the Fatui Harbingers is Childe?
*'''The Eleventh'''
----
Which of the following animals did not appear in "The Boar Princess"?
*'''Rabbit'''
----
Which of the following areas do not contain any Philanemo Mushrooms?
*'''Wolvendom'''
----
Which of the following areas do not contain any Violetgrass?
*'''Qingxu Pool'''
----
Which of the following Book Collections was written by Klee's mother, Alice?
*'''Teyvat Travel Guide'''
----
Which of the following cannot provide energy to charge an Elemental Burst?
*'''Interacting with a Statue of the Seven'''
----
Which of the following characters can activate treasure chests that can only be accessed through pressure plates?
*'''All of the above'''
----
Which of the following characters did not have a pet turtle as a child?
*'''Amber'''

----
Which of the following characters does not belong in the Knights of Favonius?
*'''Mona'''
----
Which of the following characters is the most suitable counter to [[Electro Hypostasis]]: Aleth?
*'''Xiangling'''
----
Which of the following characters is unable to destroy the rock pillars that Geo Hypostasis: Gimel summons?
*'''Venti'''
----
Which of the following characters will not have their Charged Attacks infused by {{Color|Cryo DMG}} by Chongyun's [[Spirit Blade: Chonghua's Layered Frost]]?
*'''Klee'''
----
Which of the following dishes is not a Mondstadt staple?
*'''Mora Meat'''
----
Which of the following does Boreas drop?
*'''All of the above'''
----
Which of the following does not belong to the Liyue region?
*'''Brightcrown Canyon'''
----
Which of the following does not belong to the Mondstadt region?
*'''Nantianmen'''
----
Which of the following does the [[Unusual Hilichurl]] drop?
*'''Cabbages'''
----
Which of the following elements can attack the Pyro Regisvine's weak points most effectively?
*'''Hydro'''
----
Which of the following elements is Boreas not immune to?
*'''Pyro'''
----
Which of the following factors affects the DMG dealt by Shatter?
*'''Elemental Mastery'''
----
Which of the following Hilichurl tribes does not appear at [[Dadaupa Gorge]]?
*'''Lunar Tribe'''
----
Which of the following [[Elemental Resonance]]s can reduce the CD of Elemental Skills?
*'''Impetuous Winds'''
----
Which of the following is a signature dish at [[Wangshu Inn]]?
*'''Almond Tofu'''
----
Which of the following is not a bard from Mondstadt?
*'''Qingzhou'''
----
Which of the following is not a buff provided by Bennett's Elemental Burst, Fantastic Voyage?
*'''Energy Recharge Increase'''
----
Which of the following is not a name that people gave to the Archon Morax?
*'''God of Eternity'''
----
Which of the following is not one of the [[Cryo Regisvine]]'s weak points?
*'''Petal'''
----
Which of the following is not the name of a hilichurl tribe in Dadaupa Gorge?
*'''Ricer'''
----
Which of the following is the customary Hilichurl greeting?
*'''Olah!'''
----
Which of the following is the most efficient at breaking a Hydro Abyss Mage's shield?
*'''Cryo'''
----
Which of the following items can Boreas drop?
*'''All of the above'''
----
Which of the following items can you obtain from the Unusual Hilichurl?
*'''Cabbage'''
----
Which of the following items cannot be obtained from "Memories: Storming Terror I"?
*'''Vajrada Amethyst Chunk'''
----
Which of the following items does not belong in the Mondstadt region?
*'''Snapdragon'''
----
Which of the following items does not belong to the Liyue region?
*'''Horsetail'''
----
Which of the following items does not belong to the Liyue region?
*'''Wolfhook'''
----
Which of the following items will not drop when fighting a Lv. 40 Electro Hypostasis?
*'''Vajrada Amethyst Chunk'''
----
Which of the following local specialties found in Liyue?
*'''Wolfhooks'''
----
Which of the following material does not drop?
*'''Amethyst'''
----
Which of the following plants is not unique to Mondstadt?
*'''Sweet Flower'''
----
Which of the following regional specialties can be obtained from Stormterror's Lair?
*'''Windwheel Aster'''
----
Which of the following statement is true about the Childe boss fight?
*'''This Boss can be done in co-op'''
----
Which of the following statements about Dvalin's "Caelestinum Finale Termini" ability is false?
*'''Using a wind glider to glide above the cracked platforms will cause the character to suffer DMG.'''
----
Which of the following statements about Elemental Reactions is false?
*'''Anemo can have a Swirl Reaction with Geo'''
----
Which of the following statements about Elemental Reactions is true?
*'''The Melt itself deals DMG'''
----
Which of the following statements about Geo constructs is true?
*'''Geo constructs can be used to block certain monster attacks'''
----
Which of the following statements about Keqing is false?
*'''Keqing can perform her Elemental Skill, Stellar Restoration, while in mid-air'''
----
Which of the following statements about Klee is false?
*'''Opponents who are hit by Klee's Elemental Skill, Jumpty Dumpty, will have their Pyro RES decreased'''
----
Which of the following statements about Sucrose is false?
*'''Sucrose's Passive Talent, [[Astable Invention]], grants a 25% chance to return a portion of materials used in the crafting of Character Talent Materials.'''
----
Which of the following statements about the Geo Traveler's Elemental Skill, Starfell Sword, are false?
*'''We can hold the Elemental Skill to stack one Meteorite on top of another'''
----
Which of the following statements about Xiangling is true?
*'''When Xiangling uses her Elemental Skill, Guoba will deal {{Color|AoE Pyro DMG}} 4 times.'''
----
Which of the following statements about Xinyan is false?
*'''Xinyan's Passive Talent "...Now That's Rock 'N' Roll!" increases the DMG dealt by characters being shielded by Sweeping Fervor by 15%'''
----
Which of the following statements is false?
*'''You can attack the Oceanid directly to deal DMG to it'''
----
Which of the following will not allow you to obtain Shrine of Depths Keys?
*'''Completing a Story Quest'''
----
Which of the following will not allow you to obtain the [[Shrine of Depths]] Keys?
*'''Completing a Story Quest'''
----
Which place's topography is the result of an Archon hurling giant spears of rock during a time of war?
*'''Guyun Stone Forest'''
----
Which plant is not unique to Mondstadt?
*'''Sweet Flower'''
----
Which volume did Xingqiu borrow from Chang the 9th?
*'''6th'''
----
Who is eleventh harbinger?
*'''Childe'''
----
Who is that "red, burny friend" mentioned by Razor?
*'''Klee'''
----
Who is the owner of the best pharmacy in Liyue?
*'''Baizhu'''
----
Who occupies the eighth seat among the Eleven Fatui Harbingers?
*'''Signora'''
----
Who want a pet finch?
*'''Qiqi'''
----
Who wrote the Favonius Survival Rulebook for Klee?
*'''Kaeya'''
----
[[Xingqiu]]'s Passive Talent, Flash of Genius, allows him to sometimes refund materials used in crafting Talent Enhancement Materials.
*'''True'''
----
Xingqiu is the second son of Liyue Harbor's:
*'''Feiyun Commerce Guild'''
----
Xinyan is Liyue Harbor's sole _____ musician.
*'''Rock 'n' roll'''

----Which of the following locations can Crabs be acquired from?

* '''Yaoguang Shoal'''

----True or false: Normal and Charged Attacks with Snow-Tombed Starsilver may generate an Everfrost Icicle above the enemy, which deals {{Color|Cryo DMG}}.

* '''False'''

----Which of the following characters is least efficient at destroying the Rock Pillars summoned by Geo Hypostasis: Gimel?

* '''Venti'''

----What is the CD of the World Level adjustment function?

* '''24 Hours'''

----Noelle's Elemental Skill, Breastplate, is able to deal one instance of {{Color|Geo DMG}} to nearby enemies. It will not generate any Elemental Particles.

* '''True'''

----Which of the following statements about Serpent Spine is true?

* '''The DMG-increase stacks do not reset if the character leaves the field.'''