{{EventTabs
|rootpage = A Thousand Questions With Paimon/2021-06-25
}}
{{Event
|name              = A Thousand Questions With Paimon 2021-06-25
|image             = A Thousand Questions With Paimon 2021-06-25.jpg
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes <!--server time for this round-->
|time_start        = 2021-06-25 13:00
|time_end          = 2021-06-27 23:59
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/483165
|link2             = https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/answer-question/index.html?activity_no=ace4a7a9b54f459f&utm_source=Link
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
A new challenge with new goals!

Take part in the Paimon Quiz Event from HoYoLAB each day and answer questions correctly to win Mora!

==How to Access Event==
Go to [https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/answer-question/index.html?activity_no=d2a9f2f0b4f242aa&utm_source=website HoYoLAB]. Alternatively, through in-game's Event Notice or Mail.

==Requirements==
Travelers who have reached [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above can take part in this event.

==Event Details==
There will be 10 multiple choice questions each day for this event. A correct answer will grant rewards, while an incorrect answer will result in none. The challenge can be restarted to retry the questions that were answered incorrectly at first to obtain the remaining rewards.

==Event Rewards==
{{Item|Mora|25|x=5,000}} will be obtained for every correct answer. 10 such rewards for correct answers can be obtained per day.

==Reward Delivery==
Via in-game mail (there may be some delay in the delivery of rewards)

The mail will be valid for 7 days, so be sure to collect your rewards in time~

*Each day, Paimon's questions will refresh at 04:00, please pay attention to the time.

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|A Thousand Questions With Paimon|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

[[ja:パイモンのクイズタイム？/2021-06-25]]
[[ru:Сто тысяч почему от Паймон/2021-06-25]]
[[th:สารพัดคำถามไปกับ Paimon/2021-06-25]]