{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74686
|image         = Event Quest A Time-Tested Friendship.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = Complete all scripts{{Verify|Minimum "quality" requirement, or no?}}
|characters    = Traveler; Xavier
|startLocation = [[Café Lutece]], [[Court of Fontaine]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|prev          = Filmmaking Notes
|rewards       = Primogem*10;Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|event_name    = Reel Ad-Venture
}}
'''''A Time-Tested Friendship''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Reel Ad-Venture]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Xavier]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Aside from filming, there are other things we can do together, like meeting for a meal. [[Good Hunter]], [[Wanmin Restaurant]], [[Lambad's Tavern]], [[Hotel Debord]], and the like... Coffee at [[Café Lutece]] might not be a bad idea either.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Xavier)
:'''Xavier:''' Hello, my gallant adventurer friend!
:{{DIcon}} Call me the Great Editor, good sir!
:{{DIcon}} That's the Commercial Auteur to you, my friend!
:'''Xavier:''' Haha, I'm glad you didn't find the filming boring! Some self-reflection would have been in order otherwise, for spending our precious time together on something dull.
:'''Xavier:''' I mean, we don't get many chances to meet. Tracking down a world-walker like yourself is no less challenging than pulling stars out of the sky.
:'''Xavier:''' Sometimes, like now, I could bump into you in a cafe. But other times, I could ask everyone about your whereabouts and still come up empty-handed.
:'''Xavier:''' The good news is that I'm sure to hear a new, thrilling tale of your travels every time we meet, so our encounters are never boring. But the bad... Well, we can never know if any given meeting might be our last.
:{{DIcon}} C'mon, I'm not that incorrigible, am I?
:{{DIcon}} I'll swing by to see you more often.
:'''Xavier:''' Haha, alright, whatever you say. Any more grousing and I'll turn into one of those empty nesters you see in public service announcements.
:'''Xavier:''' I'm almost done working with these commercials. After this, it's "nose to the grindstone" &mdash; I'll start work on my next film. Let's keep chasing our dreams even as we go our separate ways, eh?
:{{DIcon}} I will.
:'''Xavier:''' Ah, but still, let's have a meal somewhere together, should you have the time! If you'd prefer not to dine in Fontaine, that's fine too!
:'''Xavier:''' Good Hunter, Wanmin Restaurant, Lambad's Tavern, and the like... And if you want to go picnicking or big-game hunting, I'll find a way to keep up somehow... Anyway, please keep in touch!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = A Time-Tested Friendship
|zhs      = 友谊地久天长
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 友誼地久天長
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 変わらぬ友情
|ja_rm    = Kawaranu Yuujou
|ja_tl    = Unchanging Friendship
|ko       = 오랜 우정
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Por una amistad eterna
|es_tl    = For an Eternal Friendship
|fr       = Une amitié éprouvée par le temps
|fr_tl    = A Time-Tested Friendship
|ru       = Дружба, проверенная временем
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = มิตรภาพแสนยาวนาน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tình Bạn Trường Tồn
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Eine altbewährte Freundschaft
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Persahabatan Tak Lekang Oleh Waktu
|id_tl    = Lasting Friendship
|pt       = Uma Amizade Testada Pelo Tempo
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Eskimeyen Dostluk
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Un'amicizia di vecchia data
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.4}}

[[ru:Дружба, проверенная временем]]