{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item A Time of Insight.png
|set   = Deepwood Memories
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|Such timepieces are used by those who dedicate themselves to the way of the wise. These timepieces do not contain lifeless sand, but instead play host to tiny mustard seeds.}}
'''A Time of Insight''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Deepwood Memories]].

==Description==
The ancient legends say that the [[Viaghara|lord of the forest]] was immortal,<br>
As they at life's end would melt into the forest,<br>
Their claws would become metal and wood, and their stripes would become an endless maze,<br>
And their smoldering eyes would become the moon in both the sky and the water.<br>
All things that die will gain new life in some other form.<br>
All things that decay will sprout pure and tender new shoots.

"But those souls who had been destroyed by death, memories that are eternally lost,"<br>
"Is there a place for them in the cycle of life and death?"

"The soul is a void concept, and memories must one day return to the land."<br>
"What is there to worry about if something that was always void were to fade away?"<br>
"Rather, remind and support one another, such that everyone's image will be remembered forever."<br>
"Thus shall we defeat the natural cycle of life and death, and preserve memory forever!"

Much later, the [[Siman Farrokhzad|friends]] who had agreed to remind one another would be infected with the wicked disease of forgetfulness.<br>
According to the image of the three people and three spirits that had [[Memory's Final Chapter|not been wholly forgotten]],<br>
And the records and conjectures left behind by the [[The Doctor|mad scientist]] who was expelled by the [[Sumeru Akademiya|academy]],<br>
The dream had to be captured &mdash; along with the [[Aranara|inhabitants of the forest who could control dreams]],<br>
To remind [[Khayyam|that friend]] once again of one's own form and the memories that were shared.

If the organ that governs memory has taken too much damage and cannot be healed,<br>
Then bring another old friend and dwell in dreams of the past together,<br>
Play in a small tree house, and explore the limitless depth of the jungle.<br>
Yes, that would be nice as well. For in dreams, everyone has a chance to start over.

But first, those dream spirits must be captured.<br>
Those [[The Eremites|sellswords]] once did much for me.<br>
I trust they will not disappoint this time, either.

==Trivia==
* The "friends who had agreed to remind one another" likely refers to Siman Farrokhzad, Khayyam, and Irfan, whose shared past is detailed in the {{Quest|Aranaga's Memory}}. Notably, Khayyam was diagnosed with a brain disease which would eventually cause him to lose all his memories, while Siman &mdash; a sage at [[Amurta]] &mdash; personally undertook his treatment.<ref>Interactable, [[Bimarstan]]: [[Bimarstan#Medical History of Giyath Khayyam|Medical History of Giyath Khayyam]]</ref> Siman also sent [[Lunja]] and the Farrokhzadan, an Eremite tribe, to catch some Aranara,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Aragaru's Drawing|note=Employer's Orders}}</ref><ref>Interactable: [[Farrokhzadan Journal#Farrokhzadan Journal (III)|Farrokhzadan Journal (III)]]</ref> although her purpose for them is never divulged.
** The "three spirits," in turn, refers to the Aranara [[Aranaga]], [[Aranakin]], and [[Aragaru]], whose respective quests are needed to unlock the {{Quest|Memory's Final Chapter}} and [[Khayyam's Final Words]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Time of Insight
|zhs     = 贤智的定期
|zhs_rm  = Xiánzhì de Dìngqí
|zht     = 賢智的定期
|zht_rm  = Xiánzhì de Dìngqí
|zh_tl   = Period of Wisdom
|ja      = 賢知の定期
|ja_rm   = Kenchi no Teiki
|ja_tl   = Period of Wisdom
|ko      = {{tt|현명|賢命}}의 {{tt|주기|週期}}
|ko_rm   = Hyeonmyeong-ui Jugi
|ko_tl   = Period of Wisdom
|es      = Fenecimiento de la Sabiduría
|es_tl   = The Death of Wisdom
|fr      = Période de perspicacité
|fr_tl   = Period of Insight
|ru      = Час осмысления
|ru_tl   = Hour of Comprehension
|th      = A Time of Insight
|vi      = Thời Hạn Của Hiền Trí
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Zeitmesser der Weisheit
|de_tl   = Chronometer of Wisdom
|id      = A Time of Insight
|pt      = Momento de Sabedoria
|pt_tl   = Moment of Wisdom
|tr      = Bilgelik Devri
|tr_tl   = Wisdom Era
|it      = Un momento di discernimento
|it_tl   = A Time of Insight
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Deepwood Memories}}

[[fr:Période de perspicacité]]
[[id:A Time of Insight]]
[[ja:賢知の定期]]
[[tr:Bilgelik Devri]]
[[vi:Thời Hạn Của Hiền Trí]]
[[zh:賢智的定期]]