{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70659
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|type          = World
|event_name    = Windtrace/2021-05-14
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
* Unlocks [[Windtrace/2021-05-14|Windtrace]] Event
|characters    = Gygax; Traveler
}}
'''''A Timeless Classic''''' is the Event Quest that unlocks the [[Windtrace/2021-05-14|Windtrace]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Gygax]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Gygax]] from [[Mondstadt]] seems to be trying to drum up some interest in his game.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Gygax)
:'''Gygax:''' Hey there, fancy trying your hand at Windtrace?
:{{DIcon}} What's Windtrace?
:'''Gygax:''' I'm glad you asked. Windtrace is a game that's all about Mondstadt's history!
:'''Gygax:''' I suppose you've heard of the aristocrats who once lived in Mondstadt City?
:'''Gygax:''' They were tyrants, and their rule was brutal. Words cannot do justice to the way that people suffered at their hands...
:'''Gygax:''' To fight back against their oppression, a group of  brave citizens came together and formed an underground resistance.
:'''Gygax:''' These valiant rebels engaged in operations throughout the city, becoming a major thorn in the side of the aristocrats.
:'''Gygax:''' But the aristocrats retaliated, quickly training up their own team of henchmen to suppress the rebels.
:'''Gygax:''' And so, the rebels fought duel after duel with the aristocrats' lackeys all across Mondstadt.
:'''Gygax:''' Windtrace takes its inspiration from this thrilling chapter of Mondstadt's history! And it used to be quite popular, too...
:{{DIcon}} Used to be?
:'''Gygax:''' Sadly, yes. Young people these days don't seem very interested in the game...
:'''Gygax:''' But I can't let Windtrace fade into obscurity. So, i tweaked the rules a little to make it easier to get into and more fun.
:'''Gygax:''' I also added a whole load of brand-new maps in. Hopefully, this will help to attract more people...
:;([[Windtrace/2021-05-14#Tutorial|Windtrace Gameplay Tutorial]])
:'''Gygax:''' Heh. But don't take my word for it &mdash; try it out for yourself!
:{{DIcon}} Play Windtrace.
:;(Opens Windtrace Matching Menu)
:{{DIcon}} Leave.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Timeless Classic
|zhs     = 经典游戏
|zhs_rm  = Jīngdiǎn Yóuxì
|zht     = 經典遊戲
|zht_rm  = Jīngdiǎn Yóuxì
|zh_tl   = Classic Game
|ja      = 伝統ゲーム
|ja_rm   = Dentou Geemu
|ja_tl   = A Traditional Game
|ko      = 클래식 게임
|ko_tl   = Classic Game
|es      = Un juego clásico
|es_tl   = A Classic Game
|fr      = Un classique intemporel
|fr_tl   = A Timeless Classic
|ru      = Классическая игра
|ru_tl   = A Classic Game
|th      = เกมสุดคลาสสิก
|th_rm   = Kem sut Khlassik
|th_tl   = A Classic Game
|vi      = Trò Chơi {{tt|Kinh Điển|經典}}
|vi_tl   = Classic Game
|de      = Ein echter Klassiker
|de_tl   = A Real Classic
|id      = Permainan Klasik
|id_tl   = A Classic Game
|pt      = Um Jogo Clássico
|pt_tl   = A Classic Game
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

[[ja:伝統ゲーム]]
[[pt-br:Um Jogo Clássico]]
[[ru:Классическая игра]]