{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70531
|image         = Event Quest A Tour of Wonders.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Duel! The Summoners' Summit!
|requirement   = Complete [[Commence! A Suspect Genesis]]
|characters    = Onnea; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|next          = 
|rewards       = Invokation Coupons*50;Adventurer's Experience*2;Wanderer's Advice*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Duel! The Summoners' Summit!/A Tour of Wonders|A Tour of Wonders]] subevent.
|voiced        = 
}}
'''''A Tour of Wonders''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Duel! The Summoners' Summit!]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Onnea

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Onnea from Mondstadt seems to have something to tell you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Onnea)
:'''Onnea:''' Please wait! Are you also here for the King of Invokations Grand Prix?
:'''Onnea:''' If you have a minute, I'd like to tell you a little about this event hosted by the Adventurers' Guild called "A Tour of Wonders."
:{{DIcon}} Um... sure?
:{{DIcon}} Okay, let's hear it...
:'''Onnea:''' Thank you! Then I'll go ahead and introduce the basics of this event.
:'''Onnea:''' Simply put, the Adventurers' Guild has placed multiple Scenic Checkpoints in various locations across Mondstadt.
:'''Onnea:''' All you have to do is find these Scenic Checkpoints and mark your Sightseeing Handbook with the commemorative stamps at each location.
:'''Onnea:''' The challenge will be considered completed once you find every Scenic Checkpoint and collect all the stamps.
:{{DIcon}} Sure sounds like something the Adventurers' Guild would host.
:'''Onnea:''' Hehe... We put a lot of thought into the placement of these Scenic Checkpoints.
:'''Onnea:''' However... some of them are located in remote areas, and I can't guarantee they're entirely clear of monsters.
:'''Onnea:''' But I'm sure that dealing with those monsters would be a walk in the park for someone as experienced as you.
:'''Onnea:''' And that's all from me! Here's your Sightseeing Handbook. Have fun!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Duel! The Summoners' Summit!/A Tour of Wonders}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

[[es:Peregrinaje turístico (misión)]]
[[pt-br:Passeio das Maravilhas (Missão)]]
[[ru:Путешествие по чудесам (задание)]]