{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03026; 03027
|image         = Archon Quest C3A5 A Toast to Victory.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|act           = Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises
|actNum        = V
|part          = 5
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Alhaitham; Candace; Collei; Cyno; Dehya; Dunyarzad; Geoff; Hushang; Kaveh; Nahida; Nilou; Paimon; Rahman; Setaria; Sheikh Zubayr; Tighnari; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Gandharva Ville]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Gandharva Ville
|prev          = Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies
|next          = Destined Encounter
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*850;Mora*34,150;Silver Twig*1;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=A Toast to Victory|chapter=3|act=5|part=5}}

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Collei]]
# Talk to [[Tighnari]]
# Go to the [[Grand Bazaar]]
# Inquire about [[Alhaitham]]'s whereabouts in the [[Akademiya]]
# Enter the [[House of Daena]] and look for Alhaitham
# Talk to Alhaitham
# Go to [[Port Ormos]]
# Go to [[Aaru Village]]
# Wait for the feast to start (19:00 - 24:00 two days later)
# Go to the Grand Bazaar to attend the feast
# Talk to everyone at the feast (0/4)
# Go to the [[Sanctuary of Surasthana]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises (Achievement)}}.
<!--
* This quest may be blocked by {{Quest|The Reason We Are Gathered Here}}, the first two steps of {{Quest|Suspicious Smuggling Case}}, and the first three steps of {{Quest|Into the Hinterlands}}.
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The operation to save Lesser Lord Kusanali has concluded. Despite the many surreal experiences that ensued, you feel surprisingly calm after waking up again in bed, facing the rising sun.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Collei)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 2 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Good morning, {{Traveler}}! Looks like you're awake.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep yep!
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Collei.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 2 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I prepared some breakfast today. Please have a taste! I hope you'll like it.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's nice to have you here so we can eat something yummy!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 2 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Well, now that I've recovered from [[Eleazar]], I'm feeling better than ever. I can even prepare four or five meals a day now!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And Paimon bets they're all delicious!
:{{Black Screen|You enjoy a yummy breakfast with Collei, who's been waiting for you...}}
:{{A|vo xmaq305 2 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, by the way, {{Traveler}}, someone brought a letter for you after you went to sleep last night.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon hasn't already read it?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nope, Paimon wanted to read the letter with you after you woke up, so Paimon didn't open it. Alright, let's read it now!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's from Nilou.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahem~ "We're going to hold a feast at the Grand Bazaar and celebrate [[Cyno]]'s reinstatement as the General Mahamatra!"
:{{A|vo xmaq305 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "As heroes of Sumeru, please be sure to attend. I'll wait for you." The date of the banquet is written on the back... It's in two days.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 2 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, I've also heard that you've become heroes here as well. That's amazing!
:{{DIcon}} It's really not that amazing.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 2 collei 06a 1.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Everyone's aware of your abilities, there's no need to be modest.
:{{DIcon}} We were just doing our part.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 2 collei 06b 1.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Sometimes I'm really envious of strong and confident people like you.
::{{DIcon}} But you're amazing too, Collei.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 2 collei 06b 2.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, you're embarrassing me... Hehe.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's go to the Grand Bazaar to have a look!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 2 collei 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, before you leave, be sure to inform Master Tighnari.

;(Talk to Collei again - Optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Everything has been getting better lately, and my mood has been improving as well.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' You can come find me anytime if you need anything.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for looking after us.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' You're welcome, I was just doing my duty. Remember to talk to Master Tighnari before you leave.

;(Approach Tighnari)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tighnari~!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Good morning. How do you feel today?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We feel much better. How about you?
:{{DIcon}} How's your wound, Tighnari?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm recovering well, thanks for asking.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But from the looks of it, you seem to be already busy with work again.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It's fine, I'm not that busy, really.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The Eleazar patients have recovered, as well as [[Haypasia]]. For now, I only need to tend to my Forest Watcher duties.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It seems once [[Irminsul]] started getting better, everything else started to recover, too!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yes, but there are still some residual effects.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' [[The Withering]] is one example. Though it won't spread anymore, the existing zones won't just disappear. We Forest Rangers will still need to do the work.
:{{DIcon}} I appreciate that's a lot to ask.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, we have some good news. Cyno got his position back!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Heh, this news is hardly new. He had already mentioned it to me before.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You mean he was already here? Why didn't he come say hi to us...?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' He visited once, but he was afraid of disturbing you while you were resting. He just asked me a few questions and left.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then you probably already know all about the celebration feast!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Celebration feast? No, I haven't heard anything about that.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... But didn't Nilou say in her letter that they would celebrate Cyno? He didn't tell you?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hmm, perhaps... or, alternatively, he doesn't know about it, either.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Come to think of it, Cyno doesn't seem like the type who'd enjoy a celebration feast.
:{{DIcon}} I guess Nilou's only planning on telling him once festivities are underway.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You and Collei are both Cyno's close friends. Why don't you come to the feast with us?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Collei has taken over some of my tasks these days. I don't think she'll have time for it... not to mention me.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You see, some "VIPs" have come to the forest recently.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? VIPs? Very important Paimons?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 13.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Well, technically speaking, they are former VIPs. The sages involved in recent incidents have begun their training in the [[Avidya Forest]], and the people they had previously imprisoned have all been released.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!?
:{{DIcon}} Is your master all right?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 14.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yes. He's a little weak, but he isn't injured and his condition is stable.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 15.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] in her boundless mercy has decided to spare [[Azar]] and the other wrongdoers. Supposedly, they were ashamed of their shallow ideologies, and have decided to dedicate the rest of their lives to cultivating wisdom in the Avidya Forest.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 16.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' When they learned that Lesser Lord Kusanali had defeated The Balladeer and saved Irminsul, they were shocked at first, but also became happy, feeling that the sacred light guiding them on the path of discovering wisdom had begun to shine once again.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 17.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' As a result, work has increased for the Forest Rangers.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds really exhausting...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 18.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' There's nothing we can do, really...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 19.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' But that's another topic. Back to the matter at hand &mdash; are you two planning to head out?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, right! We're here to request permission to head out. Would that be... okay?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 tighnari 20.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You've recovered well. You may go, but be careful.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 3 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay! Will do!

;(Talk to Tighnari again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Is there anything else you'd like to ask about?
:{{DIcon}} How's Haypasia?
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ah yes, thank you for remembering her. She continued her training in the forest after she recovered. As a scholar, she never slacks off.
:{{DIcon}} Great.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' A lot has happened lately. Collei and I have been busy, but don't worry, we'll take care of ourselves.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' As for Cyno's reinstatement, the more I think about it, the more I suspect that he just doesn't have a single clue about this feast.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' But this does remind me that Collei and I should find an opportunity to celebrate him as well. He has helped me a lot during this time.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' And you as well, thank you.
:{{DIcon}} Don't mention it.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Take care. Please find me if you need anything.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The operation to save Lesser Lord Kusanali has concluded. Despite the many surreal experiences that ensued, you feel surprisingly calm after waking up again in bed, facing the rising sun. After breakfast, you take Nilou's letter and set out for the Grand Bazaar to meet her.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the stage in the Grand Bazaar)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 sheikhzubayr 01.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' ...Well, there won't be any problems if the feast starts at that time. Everything has already been prepared.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Mr. Zubayr, I've finished tallying things up here! Well, except for the guests...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 sheikhzubayr 02.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' *sigh* Is a simple reply really that much to ask of our guests? It's affecting our arrangements.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 hushang 01.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' It'll be fine... Besides, it never hurts to get things ready in advance.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Haha. I was thinking the same thing. The feast will be held sooner or later, right?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Nilou~!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We got your letter, so here we are!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You're the best. The other guests haven't even replied yet...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Are we the only ones that have arrived?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Yeah, I had someone deliver letters to all of our guests, but maybe everyone is still busy with other things.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 sheikhzubayr 03.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' Look, I get it, Sumeru is in an extremely important period of transition right now, but even if your friends are important figures, they shouldn't just ignore your request like this.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 sheikhzubayr 04.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' Nilou is Sumeru's number one celebrity, after all.
:{{DIcon}} Of course, you're right.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 sheikhzubayr 05.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' Hehe, you have no idea how happy I am to talk to people with good taste.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you consider enjoying Nilou's dance as having good taste, then almost everybody has good taste!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Because Paimon thinks everybody will love her performance.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 hushang 02.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' That's right! We all think she's amazing, too.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 hushang 03.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' Nilou is an absolute favorite among those of us who frequent the Grand Bazaar. For outlanders, you have a great eye!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 hushang 04.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' Master Zubayr, let's have a vote for the most outstanding audience members next time. I think these two may win!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 sheikhzubayr 06.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' Nonsense. It is not for us to determine the value of an audience.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 sheikhzubayr 07.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' But indeed, we could try giving gifts to people with particularly good taste... I heard there's a device in [[Fontaine]] called a "[[Kamera]]" that can record people's appearances as pictures. Such pictures would make superb gifts...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 hushang 05.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' Ooh, good idea! I wonder where we can find one...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Haha, you guys are so funny. There's really no need for that. I'm satisfied just being able to perform here.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's always a lot going on at the Grand Bazaar.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Yeah, and that's why I love it here.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' {{Traveler}} and Paimon, could you help confirm if the letters were actually delivered?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 nilou 09.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' If for some reason they didn't receive the letters, then please tell everyone that there will be a feast here!
:{{DIcon}} Okay, we'll go around and check.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we can also check out how everything in Sumeru is going now.
:{{DIcon}} Do you know where everybody is?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 nilou 10.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hmm... When I wrote the letters, I heard that [[Dehya]] was in Port Ormos, and Alhaitham was at the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 nilou 11.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' As for Cyno, we've only heard that he appears at the Akademiya from time to time...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 nilou 12.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I'm not too sure about Rahman's whereabouts. My guess is that he's with Dehya.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 nilou 13.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' As for [[Dunyarzad]], I just hope she's feeling better... I sent her a letter, but I was afraid of disturbing her. If you have time, please ask about her for me.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, got it. Let's go, {{Traveler}}!

;(Talk to Nilou, Sheikh Zubayr, or Hushang again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 hushang 01.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' I'll go to the Adventurers' Guild later and ask Miss Katheryne if she knows how to get one of those Kameras.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 sheikhzubayr 01.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' Yes, please do. I'm sure the audience would be thrilled at the chance of receiving commemorative gifts.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 sheikhzubayr 02.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' It could be our special surprise that we prepare for everyone.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I think it's an amazing idea! Who knows, if we take more pictures, they might even become the signature souvenir of the Grand Bazaar.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 hushang 02.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' And Nilou will become even more famous, haha! It won't be long till people are fighting for front row at your performances.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 sheikhzubayr 03.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' I've heard that this Kamera is not just something anyone can use as they please. It must be aimed properly and subjects should pose for the best results.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Ah, should we get ready then? Perhaps we should wear something a little more appropriate...
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 hushang 03.ogg}} '''Hushang:''' No, no, I think we look absolutely fine! If anything, when we pose for this... uh, clever invention, we should just be ourselves, hm?
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 sheikhzubayr 04.ogg}} '''Sheikh Zubayr:''' You really think so...?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Nilou asked you to visit the invited guests throughout Sumeru and make sure that they can show up at the celebration feast on time...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the Akademiya)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... we haven't seen Alhaitham anywhere. Let's ask that person over there.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahem, hey there! Have you seen Alhaitham around?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 5 geoff 01.ogg}} '''Geoff:''' Yes, it seems Scribe Alhaitham has gone to the House of Daena. You should be able to find him there.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 5 geoff 02.ogg}} '''Geoff:''' But, you're already the second group of people I've seen looking for him today. He must be quite the busy man.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? Who else was looking for him?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 5 geoff 03.ogg}} '''Geoff:''' Mr. [[Kaveh]] was just here asking about him. You wouldn't believe how terrible their relationship is... and now you two are here...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 5 geoff 04.ogg}} '''Geoff:''' Don't tell me everyone's here looking for gossip about the sages?
:{{DIcon}} No, not at all.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way, we're strictly here on business!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 5 geoff 05.ogg}} '''Geoff:''' *ahem* Ah, I see. Sorry, I thought maybe everyone's as interested in rumors about the sages as I am...

;(Approach Alhaitham and Kaveh in the House of Daena)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alhaitham should be around here somewhere, right?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, he's over there! But it looks like he might not have time for us...
:{{DIcon}} He's already talking with someone else.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Just put down that worthless book and tell me what happened in the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' This is not just some worthless book. Do you have any idea how difficult it is to find a physical book like this in Sumeru?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''???:''' It doesn't matter, it's probably just another thing that you used your authority to get your hands on anyway. Just put it aside. Listen, I came back today only to hear that the sages have disappeared!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Oh? You sound surprised. I thought you would already know the inside story.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Would I be here asking you if I knew? You're the Scribe, not me. So just tell me what you know already!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Well, I almost became a sage.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Don't sound too surprised now. You're the renowned Kaveh, light of the [[Kshahrewar]]. Besides, as a master builder and craftsman, chances are you'll be appointed as a sage, too.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Hmph. Why do I feel like you don't really mean it?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hmph, what makes you say that? Why would you question my heartfelt sincerity?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Maybe it's because you've never said anything good about me before.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Yeah, well, I share a similar sentiment. And anyone who knows you as well as I do would surely do the same.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ugh, you...!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' See!? This is why I hate discussing anything with you. Your ridiculous and arrogant attitude always gets in the way!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hm, it seems that you really can't stand my personality.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hah, what was your first clue?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Well, then you might as well move out of my house.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Are you threatening me? Stooping to a new low, I see!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ugh, and don't change the subject. You? A sage? What a joke. The Akademiya might as well just close tomorrow!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Are they... having a fight...?
:{{DIcon}} Let's see how this plays out. We're not in a rush, anyway...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Forget what's going on with the Akademiya, haven't you been busy with your construction project? Tell me, when are you going to build yourself a mansion?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Don't get me started... I get angry just thinking about it.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' So, what great building did our master architect work on this time?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Like I need to tell you! Keep your nose out of my business.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' No, I think we deserve to know. Where were you when Sumeru needed you most?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I was in the desert for a large project, but considering [[Haravatat]]'s utter ignorance of architectural and aesthetic matters, you probably wouldn't understand.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Which is truly unfortunate! I can only pity the man who doesn't understand the first thing about beauty and romance. Unlike a true...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 16.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hold on, wait a second, what do you mean by "when Sumeru needed me most"?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Well, while you were out fiddling around in the desert, many people came together to save Sumeru from a crisis.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 17.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hah, and you think I'd believe that?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Look, all you really need to know is that Azar and all his accomplices have all been overthrown.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 18.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Huh? What nonsense are you talking about?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's no skin off my nose if you don't believe me. It's not like my Darshan was the one trying to apply for funding from the Grand Sage. Yours, though, on the other hand...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 6 kaveh 19.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You know what? I'll ask around! I'm sure someone knows what's going on here. You're dead if I find out you're lying to me.

;(Talk to Alhaitham)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Alhaitham!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Oh, it's you two. What's the matter?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're running some errands for Nilou. Have you received her letter?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Letter?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nilou said she sent out a letter inviting everyone to a celebration feast in two days at the Grand Bazaar. We'll also be celebrating Cyno's reinstatement as General Mahamatra.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' If she addressed the letter to "Alhaitham of the Akademiya," then the letter should have gone to my office.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I've been busy these days, so I haven't had time to check for any new mail at my office. I only now have some free time to attend to personal matters.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have you always been so busy with your work?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Of course not. I'm only busy these days because several sages have been dismissed recently, and the whole Akademiya was practically turned upside down.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tighnari told us they all went to train in the Avidya Forest. Apparently they'll spend the rest of their lives there.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That is already the best possible ending for the likes of them.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Four of the Six Great Sages were possessed by their desire for power and attempted to create a new god. In order to pull it off, they even imprisoned the other two rational sages. To imagine such things could take place in the Akademiya... I don't know where to begin...
:{{DIcon}} "The Six Great Sages"... sounds pretty powerful.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're right. Huh, it feels kinda strange to hear them called that after all this time... But then again, the "Six Great Schools" sounded pretty impressive, too.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Yes, at least that's how they're supposed to sound.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's said that when the Akademiya was first founded, the [[Dendro Archon]] herself established the Six Great Schools, each representing one of the six different types of wisdom.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Numerous Darshans have sprung up and faded. Only the Six Darshans, attaching themselves to the Six Great Schools, have stood the test of time and obtained permanent seats in the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Now, the Six Darshans are nearly synonymous with the Six Great Schools, and the leaders selected for the schools are the Six Great Sages.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Among the Six Great Sages there is one central leader, the Grand Sage.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Unfortunately, only the sages from [[Vahumana]] and [[Amurta]] remain now. They were imprisoned for opposing Azar and were only rescued after Azar's downfall.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So who's managing things in the other four schools now? Do they need to find someone new?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Yes. Normally, new sages are selected based on a strict set of criteria.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, didn't you just say something about becoming a sage? If they pick you, then we'd have a huge connection in Sumeru!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon has a point!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Yes, about that... *ahem* You didn't let me finish my sentence.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 16.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The person in charge of personnel affairs nominated me to be the Grand Sage in place of Azar and help Lesser Lord Kusanali manage the Akademiya, but... I refused.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? But... Why!? Ugh, can't you be a little more ambitious?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 17.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'm not even interested in being one of the Six Great Sages. Like I said before, I don't like being a leader.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, all right. So are you busy these days trying to find others to take the job?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 18.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That's not my job, either. I'm only responsible for handling important affairs within the Akademiya before the new sages take office.
:{{DIcon}} So you're still a leader now, even if it's just temporary.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 19.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hah, and the first thing I'll do is reject Kshahrewar's application for funding.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, who was that other person just now? Is he your friend?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 20.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Do we look like friends?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't know! That's why Paimon's asking!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 21.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' His name is Kaveh, my roommate. You could say he's the representative for Kshahrewar scholars.
:{{DIcon}} He didn't seem to believe a word you told him.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 22.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Which is exactly why he always has so many problems.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So everything that's happened recently must be a huge change for the people of Sumeru...
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for your hard work these days.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 23.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Such is the work of the Akademiya Scribe.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well anyway, no matter how busy you are, since you were our planner, remember to attend the celebration feast in two days!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 7 alhaitham 24.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' All right, I'll see you there.

;(Talk to Alhaitham again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The House of Daena is the last quiet place in the whole Akademiya now. I was originally planning to stay here a little longer...
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But there's a chance that Kaveh might show up again... Tch, what a nuisance. I'd better go somewhere else.

;(Talk to Alhaitham and Kaveh after returning to the House of Daena, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Azar has gone to the Avidya Forest to reflect on himself for the rest of his life, and those people say they want you to replace him as the Grand Sage? What have you done!?
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Whoa, whoa, whoa, Azar's downfall is of his own making. What does it have to do with me?
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Everyone out there is saying something different. Some say Azar wanted to create a god, while others say he wanted to sell his power...
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Heh, but none of these sound very likely. If you ask me, I think the people spreading rumors around here don't have access to any real information.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Really? Then I'm sure you can use your abilities to uncover the truth for yourself.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Can't you show just a little respect to your senior and explain what's going on!?
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You were out there all this time and yet you still haven't managed to learn a single crucial bit of information. Heh, I'm impressed.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Fine. Apart from the leaders of Amurta and Vahumana, all the sages have been exposed and removed as Azar's accomplices. We need to select new sages for your Kshahrewar Darshan as well as my Haravatat Darshan.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' What? Did my Darshan collude with Azar as well? Wait... could this be why they sent me out on a project?
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Oh, I think that's just a coincidence. Besides, whatever you were doing won't have any significant impact now or in times to come.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You... Hmph! Listen here, I'm not buying any of it. Don't try to use this as an opportunity to talk about your crazy theories.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I think there are a few details that everyone is overlooking... For example, how as the Scribe, you were somehow able to escape this political crisis completely unscathed...
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' This can easily be seen as the results of a power struggle, no? Yet nobody has stopped to point that out yet... I almost feel like I should go out and start telling people about that!
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Be my guest, but I think everybody will be more interested in your own well-known gaffes.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Do you know what? I am done with you!
----
;(Approach the marked area in Port Ormos)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is Port Ormos, now where could Dehya be...?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Is that Paimon I hear?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' It's been a while, how are you doing?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dunyarzad! It's been so long since we've seen you!
:{{DIcon}} We're good. How about you?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 03.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I'm doing well. I can go as far as saying I've never been happier in my entire life!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 04.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I don't know if you've heard, but Eleazar has completely disappeared, and all the patients have recovered.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 01a.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You kidding? Knowing them and the connections they've got, I'm sure they've heard about it.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dehya!
:{{DIcon}} Didn't expect to see you here.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' That's right. My lady is feeling better now, so I'm accompanying her for a walk.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 05.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Why do you still call me that, Dehya? You've already informed my father of your resignation.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Haha, I guess I'm just used to calling you "my lady." Old habits die hard.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Resignation? You mean you're quitting?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yeah, I might start losing my edge if I keep being a bodyguard for the [[Homayani Family|Homayanis]].
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 06.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' You know that my parents and I are fond of you and that we appreciate you very much. It wouldn't be a problem if you wished to continue to be our bodyguard.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Heh, I'm not a woman that's easily persuaded. You should know that by now, my lady.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' When I took this job, I had already decided that I'd quit as soon as you recovered. It's time for me to get back out there and chase that horizon.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what're you gonna do now if you're not gonna be a bodyguard anymore?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I want to take a risky job and put my body to the test again.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? But we literally just finished one of the most dangerous jobs ever. Are you getting bored already?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I know. If I hadn't joined in that plan with you, I wouldn't have come up with this idea.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I guess I still get fired up by that feeling of going all-out in a fight... It made me realize that I'm still a mercenary through and through.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Life is short, and I'm happy I got to be a part of that operation.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But the whole thing also made me realize that there are still many problems in Sumeru, and as a desert-dweller, I'm still not completely ready to settle down on this side of the wall.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 07.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Well, I remember a friend had someone bring you a message...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You mean Alhaitham? Haha, I didn't expect him to still remember that. I thought he was joking.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We just came from talking with Alhaitham at the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 13.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Did he tell you that he suggested that I come work at the Akademiya?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...What!?
:{{DIcon}} We didn't hear anything about that.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 14.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I heard that Azar and his cronies fell from power, and Alhaitham told me that now was a good time to find a job in the Akademiya, but only if I wanted to.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... Paimon can't see you being anything other than a mercenary.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 08.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Hehe, me neither. But I think Dehya would look great dressed up as a scholar.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 15.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Bleh, forget about it. I wouldn't last ten seconds in there...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 16.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Alhaitham probably just liked the way I worked and knew I'm good in a fight, so he suggested I find some work in the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But you know, if you take him up on the offer, Cyno might actually agree and let you become a [[matra]].
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Because you're super amazing!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 17.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Haha. The matra have all the talent they need as long as they have Cyno. I prefer to be free to live however I choose.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 18.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' In fact, I chose this job from the very start because I knew it'd be right up my alley.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 09.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' ...Even if being a mercenary means facing all kinds of danger?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 19.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' A lion has to return to the wild sooner or later. If anything, being your bodyguard has been unfamiliar territory for me.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 10.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I don't want to see you go... But I'll respect your decision.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 20.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'm glad to hear you say that.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 21.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' C'mon, no need for the sad face, it's not like we'll never meet again.
:{{DIcon}} I guess being free is just a part of how Dehya operates.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 22.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Once the whole Dendro Archon thing has settled, everything in Sumeru will take a turn for the better. That makes me happy, too.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 23.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But a peaceful society will probably mean less demand for mercenaries like me. Before long, we'll be a dying breed, so I'd better get to work while I still can.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? But wait a second, you make it sound like you're leaving now!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 24.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Well, no... not yet, at least. I promised my lady that I'd stick around until next week.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So have you been in Port Ormos this entire time? We were wondering if you had received a letter from Nilou.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 11.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Oh, did Nilou write to us?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She heard that you were seen in Port Ormos, so she sent the letter here.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 25.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' It was probably sent to the inn that we're staying at.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 26.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' My lady has been very energetic lately and keeps taking me on hikes, staying out even into the night. By the time we get back, the receptionist is usually off napping on the job.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 12.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Right, and we tend to leave quite early in the mornings, so the old man on duty is also usually dozing off...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what it really sounds like is that the person on duty is always asleep.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 27.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I bet the letter's at the reception desk. I'll go check later.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No wonder there wasn't a reply, you never received the letter. Good thing Nilou asked us to come and check on that.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 28.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Ah, sorry to make you two come all the way out here.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 13.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' It must be something important for Nilou to specifically write to us like that.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes, she said they're preparing a victory feast in the Grand Bazaar, and we'll also be celebrating Cyno's reinstatement as General Mahamatra. She was hoping you could come.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 14.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Great. I'll be sure to attend!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 29.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Count me in, too. But is there some sort of dress code or anything for the feast? Can I just show up looking like this?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 15.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Since it's being organized by Nilou, I don't think she'll be too picky about that. If anything, I think she'd want to see us as our most natural selves.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 30.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Alright, then this is how I'll show up.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The feast will be held in two days, so don't forget!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 31.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Sure.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dunyarzad 16.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Thank you so much for letting us know. We'll see you there!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, by the way, do you happen to know where Cyno and Rahman are?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 32.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' The General Mahamatra always comes and goes without a trace. Normally, no one knows his whereabouts.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 33.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But last time we met, he mentioned he had something to do in Aaru Village. You can try your luck there.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 34.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' As for Rahman, your guess is as good as mine. I only remember he said that he had something to discuss with Cyno... You can ask Cyno when you meet him.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks, Dehya.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 dehya 35.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Don't mention it. You'd better get going.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 8 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, on to our next stop!

;(Talk to Dunyarzad or Dehya again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' After recovering from Eleazar, everything seems so different to me. When I look at the scenery I've visited before, it has a completely different feeling.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yeah, you need to be stronger than an ox to take life by the horns.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I think I've heard you say something like that before, but today, I finally understand what you mean!
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Is there any place you'd like to go? I can accompany you, I've got time.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 dunyarzad 03.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Hmm... What if I tell you I want to go to the desert?
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Fine by me!
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If we go to the desert, I can introduce you to my friends there. But we should prepare and get everything we need before setting off.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 dunyarzad 04.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Let's go! I'll go pack my luggage now. After we're done with the feast in two days, we can go have fun in the desert!
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You can count me in!
----
;(Approach Cyno in Aaru Village)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's been a while since we last visited Aaru Village.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, there's Cyno!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} It's been a while.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' What brings you here?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We recovered well, and Tighnari agreed to let us leave, so now we're out and about again!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It seems Gandharva Ville's medical treatment is still as good as ever.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mm-hmm, and Tighnari is recovering well, too.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' That's good to hear.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you for taking us to him.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're the one who brought us to him when we lost consciousness, right? Thanks for that!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' You're welcome. Tighnari has excellent medical skills, and Collei is quite attentive. It was the best place for you.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why are you just standing here like a dead tree?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I'm meeting some people.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you mean [[Candace]]?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I've already talked with Candace and the village chief. They're still at the usual place. You can go there if you'd like to see them.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' But you know one of the people I'm meeting as well.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh? By [[King Deshret]]'s blessing, my friend suddenly appears in the desert. Don't tell me you've run into trouble and need us to help now.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Rahman! And... huh? [[Setaria]]?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 01.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' Oh? You... know me?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, well... You're pretty famous in the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 02.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Don't worry, these are our friends. No need to be so guarded.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 02.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' ...I see.
:{{DIcon}} How have you been doing lately?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 03.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' I'm doing well. Many good things have happened recently.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 03.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' Same here. Really, I feel that my whole life has started to shine after suddenly finding a new direction.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, tell us everything!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 04.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Yeah, you go ahead!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 04.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' Alright, well I suppose I should start by saying...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 05.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' I've decided to leave the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!?
:{{DIcon}} You're not going to be a scholar anymore?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 06.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' It's not that I've given up on being a scholar... Instead, you could say I've found a new identity.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 07.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' I will no longer pursue research like a typical scholar, but I have not completely given up on my relationship to knowledge either.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 05.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Haha, I can see what you're saying now.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, what do you mean?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 08.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' I plan to leave the Akademiya and return to teach here in the desert.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so you want to become a teacher?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 06.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Setaria will return to support education here and teach people from the desert.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 07.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' She can't teach everyone on her own, but there are many of us Eremites all over Sumeru. She came to discuss a collaboration with me and hoped that I could bring her ideas to the Eremites.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 09.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' Yes, it's my hope that the Eremites can help me select a group of smart people with the best aptitude for teaching. I'll teach them, and after they've finished learning from me, they can go educate more people.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 10.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' That is the true meaning of education and spreading of knowledge.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 08.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' The people of King Deshret suffer from sandstorms, exile, and ignorance. Miss Setaria is more than welcome to come teach here. Her arrival is like a star shining in the desert night.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 09.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' The stars have always guided caravans, thieves, soldiers, and travelers who get lost in the night. They lead those in the dark out of trouble and back to safety.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 11.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' Oh please, where's all of this coming from? I'm starting to feel a little embarrassed...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 10.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' You deserve these compliments. Mercenaries are accustomed to danger and don't fear death, which is why we recognize extraordinary actions that common people would easily overlook.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Setaria's idea will bring much good to many people.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 12.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' At first, I feared it was destined to fail... Everyone knows that the Akademiya doesn't allow scholars to teach in the desert without permission.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 13.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' As you know, all knowledge is under their surveillance and control, and very few desert-dwellers are as lucky as me...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 14.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' But what I heard at [[Like a Triumphant Hero|that time]] has been haunting my heart, as if there were lightning bolts constantly bombarding my soul.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 15.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' "Setaria, you tread a treacherous path, and the longer you ignore it, the tighter the Akademiya's grasp on you will become..."
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 16.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' "Setaria, why haven't you gone home?" "Never forget that the desert that belongs to you lies elsewhere."
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 11.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Miss...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 17.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' These words sparked something in me, and I knew that I had to bring something back to my people after going home.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 18.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' I gathered up the courage to approach the Grand Sage, only to find that he was no longer at the Akademiya. Lord Cyno told me that Azar didn't belong there anymore.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Azar has received much-needed punishment, though if you ask me, it may have been too light... *sigh* You probably have already heard.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, we heard.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 19.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' Lord Cyno helped me obtain permission to leave the Akademiya for the desert, and accompanied me here to discuss collaboration with members of the Eremites.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 20.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' My plan was able to go smoothly thanks to him and Rahman.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're all doing so much for the desert!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 12.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Aside from that, I also have some other business to discuss with Cyno.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Lesser Lord Kusanali has allocated many resources to support and develop the desert. I've done some business for her, and part of it required the assistance of the Eremites.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I applied for a few batches of educational materials from the Akademiya and sent them to several groups in the desert, as instructed by Lesser Lord Kusanali. I believe the people will make good use of them.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 13.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' That's exactly what the people here need. Physical books and other related items... If it weren't for Cyno and Lesser Lord Kusanali, I'm afraid we'd never be able to get our hands on them.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 13.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Apart from this, the Akademiya is also recruiting scholars that are willing to teach in the desert. I'll let you and Setaria know as soon as I have any more news.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 14.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' We must be persistent about this and maintain these resources to ensure long-term effectiveness.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 14.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' This is the first time in hundreds of years we've had a glimmer of hope. I think this may be the turning point for the desert.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 15.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Remember [[Secret of the Scorching Desert|these words]]? "Here lies our faithful priest, Kasala. His wisdom is a miracle among the people, deserving of high praise and admiration."
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 16.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' I hope people with wisdom like that priest will rise again among the desert-dwellers... then we'll once again see the wisdom and glory that once shook the world.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 21.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' Enough about us, are you here to discuss some business, too?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, not at all! We're actually here on behalf of Nilou.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nilou wanted to write to everyone, but she wasn't sure where the letters should be sent, so she asked us to come find everyone personally.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A celebration feast will be held in two days at the Grand Bazaar. She hopes that all of you would be able to attend.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At the feast, we'll also be celebrating Cyno's reinstatement as General Mahamatra!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Although uh, judging from your appearance, it seems you've already been reinstated... Paimon thought you would only start working for the Akademiya after the feast.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 15.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Celebration... feast?
:{{DIcon}} Oh? So you really didn't know?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 16.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It's the first I've heard of it.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tighnari was right, he really didn't know...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 17.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Hahaha, this feast is for you, Cyno. Sounds to me like you'll have to be there.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 17.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 22.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' It's rare to see that kind of expression from Lord Cyno... You must not like feasts very much.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 18.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' No, not really, but I'll go.
:{{DIcon}} You two are invited as well!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 rahman 18.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' I still have a lot to handle here. Besides, I need to look after Miss Setaria in the desert, so I'll have to pass.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 23.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' I'm afraid I won't be able to join you. Although, if you'd be so kind... please give a message to Miss Nilou for me.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 24.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' ...The message is...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 25.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' "I'm sorry for how I treated you before, but now I understand the beauty of your dance. It's like a light shining in the sky."
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 26.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' "You and the art you symbolize are not only beautiful, but also lively and powerful, so much so that it was prohibited."
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 setare 27.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' "Please keep dancing, and someday, I'll be able to appreciate your art in person."
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, we've got all that down!
:{{DIcon}} We'll be sure to give the message to Nilou.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Our job here is complete as well. Cyno, remember, party's in two days! Make sure you're there!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 9 cyno 19.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Got it.

;(Talk to Rahman, Setaria, or Cyno again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 rahman 01.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Anyway, our preparation has been going smoothly these days. Can such good things really be happening in the desert? It's almost hard to believe...
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 setare 01.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' Yes, even if you can't bring yourself to believe it, you should at least believe in those of us who are working hard to make it a reality.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Indeed. Take it one step at a time. There is still a long journey before you.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 rahman 02.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Haha, what heartwarming words.

;(Talk to Candace in the Aaru Village plaza, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' {{Traveler}}, it's good to see you again. Cyno said you were resting in Gandharva Ville for some time. How are you feeling now?
:{{DIcon}} I've fully recovered now.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Good to hear. I'm happy that you've returned safe and sound.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 candace 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Thanks for all that you've done. The villagers won't be exaggerating when they say, "Heroes once passed through our village."
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq305 candace 04.ogg}} '''Candace:''' If you ever have time, please come visit Aaru Village again. I still want to go hunting with you.

;(After passing time)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Today's the big day! Let's go to the Grand Bazaar and see how the celebration's coming along.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The feast is held successfully and everyone arrives on time...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach everyone at the Zubayr Theater)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Everybody's already here. Looks like we're the last ones to arrive.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' You're here.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Ah, there you are!
:{{DIcon}} Good evening.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Well, look who finally decided to show up.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' You look like you came here immediately after finishing up some work. I'm very happy to see you here!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But we're not late, are we? It's just that everyone else arrived ahead of time!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I propose that the last one who arrived be put in charge of today's speeches.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Nah, there won't be any speeches today.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Oh really? Well, even better.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Come join us over here! Let's share some great food and drinks, and chat about all sorts of fun things.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Everything looks quite good.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... Paimon can't wait! {{Traveler}}, just look at all the delicious food here!
:{{Black Screen|The feast and celebration of the General Mahamatra in the Grand Bazaar goes as planned. Drinks are flowing, the food is delicious, and the venue is beautifully arranged.}}
:{{Black Screen|Everybody eats and drinks before enjoying the performance prepared by Nilou and everyone in the Grand Bazaar...}}
:{{Black Screen|Time passes gradually in the wonderful atmosphere, and the beautiful evening feels almost like a dream.}}
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa~! It's so delicious! Oh~! This grilled meat tastes amazing!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' The food was specially prepared for you by everyone in the Grand Bazaar, and we have gifts that were sent by the residents of Sumeru City when they heard we were holding a feast.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Everyone that came said that you saved Sumeru, and wanted me to thank you all on their behalf.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Feels kinda nice to be seen as a hero. I could get used to this.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Being a bodyguard is also a hero's job! You've always been amazing, Dehya.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Haha, my lady sure has a way with words. Thanks, I'm glad to hear it!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dunyarzad 03.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' And I'm happy to meet everyone that participated in the great plan.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Don't mention it.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come to think of it, we've really done something impressive together... It's unbelievable!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' We owe it to our abilities... and luck.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Really? Why do I remember everybody thinking that luck was against us and feeling like we hardly had a chance of succeeding?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' That's how I remember it, too.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's luck that brought us together and it was luck that let us form a team. Then it took even more luck for us to formulate a plan and implement it successfully.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Moreover, judging from the results, everything worked out well.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Yeah, everyone gave it their all when it mattered most.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' It was almost like a performance. We took the stage and put on our best show.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Everyone played their part, and thanks to everyone's efforts, the performance was a great success.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So would you say we're good actors too?
:{{DIcon}} That's one more talent under our belt.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' It's such a blessing that Lesser Lord Kusanali was able to return to power at the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dunyarzad 04.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Yes! Even after being abandoned and neglected so many times, she has finally returned.
:{{DIcon}} Return to the Akademiya? Abandoned and neglected...?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dunyarzad 05.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Mm-hmm, Lesser Lord Kusanali once used all her power in a great disaster, which resulted in her losing all of her wisdom and memories of the past. The Akademiya basically abandoned her because of it.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dunyarzad 06.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' This should be something everybody should remember... Huh, you look surprised... I didn't say anything wrong, did I?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' No, everything you said is correct.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dunyarzad 07.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Whew, that's good.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Something wrong?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah {{Traveler}}, what's with that face? You knew all of this already!
:{{DIcon}} Don't mind me, my... my mind was elsewhere.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' *ahem* Even if those two giants of the Akademiya are here, I still have to say it...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Those sages really have some nerve. Five hundred years ago, Lesser Lord Kusanali used all her power for the people of Sumeru, and what did they do in return?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (It seems that after everyone forgot [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]], their understanding of Sumeru's history also changed...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Now everyone believes that Lesser Lord Kusanali has been Sumeru's archon all along.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Maybe I'm the only one in all of Teyvat who remembers that Greater Lord Rukkhadevata ever existed.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (As the witness of all that happened, I shall respect her choice and keep the secret for her.)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If you bite the hand that feeds you, then don't act surprised when it turns into a knuckle sandwich, right, Cyno?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Perhaps I shouldn't say this, but their treatment of Lesser Lord Kusanali calls for a more severe punishment.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You could simply tell Lesser Lord Kusanali that you wish to have Azar and his accomplices severely punished.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...I respect our deity's decision, and won't interfere in any way.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' While we're on this topic, why didn't you accept the Akademiya's invitation to become the Grand Sage?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Are you trying to say that I'm fit to be a sage?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Heh, not at all, but every person handling the selection process has said that you are the most suitable candidate to lead the Akademiya right now.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Why? Because he dethroned Azar from power?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' *ahem* Could you try to put it another way? This is a good thing, yet you're making it sound like I overthrew Azar for my own personal gain.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But seriously though, I always wondered if you had some personal motives behind it.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I did have my own motive, but it had nothing to do with being a sage.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' If the rules of our nation were suddenly cast by the wayside, then it wouldn't be long until chaos ensued. I had no intention of letting their dreams disrupt my life.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' By that, you mean your life working as the Akademiya's Scribe?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Precisely.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 nilou 09.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Huh? Wait, is that all?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's the only reason why you joined us and came up with all those plans?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's reason enough.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dunyarzad 08.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' You've certainly got quite the personality...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You flatter me.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Alright then, how about you? You've already resumed work as the General Mahamatra, right?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' That's right.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 nilou 10.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Will you be happy with that life?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 cyno 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...It's not about being happy. There are merely a lot of things that I must do.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 nilou 11.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Even so, keep your spirits up and try to be happy, okay? And try to smile more every day, just like I'm doing now.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 cyno 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 11 cyno 13.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Thank you. I'll keep that in mind.

;(Talk to Alhaitham)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I seldom participate in such lively gatherings, but the atmosphere here is quite good.
:{{DIcon}} Huh. I thought you might find it boring.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' No, this gathering today has a unique meaning.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The Grand Bazaar is lively because the people here feel happiness from the bottom of their hearts, unlike the farces at the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That happiness is an emotion that'll be forever alien to those bookworms who have driven themselves insane by studying.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' ...Hm, I seem to have taken both keys when I left the house.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Heh, oh well.

;(Talk to Cyno)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' The atmosphere here is good, and everything is delicious.
:{{DIcon}} It must be rare to see you at such a lively gathering.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Yeah.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I don't often come to such places, but it feels quite good.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I have a lot to handle these days. Otherwise, I could show you around.
:{{DIcon}} It's alright, don't worry about us.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' There's always next time. We're friends, after all.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...This feast is pretty good. I like it.

;(Talk to Dehya or Dunyarzad)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' My lady, the grilled meat over there is delicious. Have you tried it?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Yes! I also tried some fruits just now. They're very sweet.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' What an amazing place to relax. No wonder everybody likes to rest at the Grand Bazaar.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You said it. Oh, look who else is here.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 dunyarzad 03.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Hello, I'm so happy Nilou invited everybody. Now I have a chance to meet all the heroes.
:{{DIcon}} My pleasure, I'm glad we could come.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hey, less of that polite chit-chat and more eating and drinking. The feast is about having fun, not stuffy formalities!

;(Talk to Nilou)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Ah, there you are, {{Traveler}}!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Well, how is it? Are you enjoying the feast today? If there's anything you're unhappy with, just let me know. I'll be sure to take note of it.
:{{DIcon}} It's great, thanks for inviting me.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Hehe... That's good.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' It's the first time I've ever invited so many exceptional people to one place. I was a little nervous myself.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 nilou 05.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You see, every guest here is quite extraordinary. It's unbelievable that we got everyone to gather here... almost like a fairy tale.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 nilou 06.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Make sure you live it up tonight! I'll be happy as long as you're enjoying yourselves.
:{{DIcon}} We have a message to tell you.
:{{Black Screen|You tell Setaria's message to Nilou...}}
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 nilou 07.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I'm honored to have her think of me this way. If I have a chance in the future, I would really like to invite her to one of my performances.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 12 nilou 08.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I can't explain why, but I just feel elated right now! Thank you, {{Traveler}}!
<!--Talking again just repeats the same dialogue-->
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The feast has been held successfully, and everyone arrives on time to celebrate it with companions who fought side by side. Meanwhile, a mysterious guest is about to show up.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After talking to everyone)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what's wrong? Your head is starting to droop...
:{{DIcon}} I'm suddenly a little sleepy...
:{{DIcon}} Feels like I'm about to nod off...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, you can't just fall asleep here! Paimon will go find something delicious for you to eat. You'll wake up once you've put something yummy in your tummy!
:{{DIcon}} Really?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course. Just wait here for Paimon!
:;(Paimon leaves the Traveler)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Is it because I didn't sleep well last night that I feel sleepy all of a sudden? Or is it because I'm too full...?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Huh? It seems like someone is there...)
:;(Everyone desaturates and gets frozen in time except for the Traveler<!--NPCs go grayscale-->)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hehe, it's me.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Nahida, it looks like my consciousness is connected to yours again.)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Mhm. You may blame me for being a bit too self-indulgent. I was thinking about talking with you, and the next thing I knew, I had made a connection with you.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The connection between us is amazing! It's like flora and the fence it grows upon.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Is there anything you need from me?)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I heard there's an amazing celebration feast today at the Grand Bazaar. I wanted to have a look for myself, so I snuck in.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Lately, I've been so busy dealing with all the fallout from recent events, so I really haven't had any free time...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' {{Traveler}}, although you've already helped me with a lot, there's still one more thing I hope you can help me with.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (What is it?)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Please say thank you to everyone for me.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Ah, so that's what this is about... Nahida, it'd be better if you could do that yourself.)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Oh... Is it not convenient for you to do that for me?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Some things in this world must be done by yourself.)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 09.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But, if I just show up all of a sudden... people will become all quiet and stiff, won't they?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' What if I end up scaring them and ruining this wonderful feast... That'd be the last thing I want.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (It'll be fine. Please don't worry too much!)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 11.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hmm... Let me think about it...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 12.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...Okay!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Have you made up your mind?)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 13.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes, I have.
:;(Nahida reaches out and enters the Traveler's body)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (That's good... Wait? Huh!?)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 14.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You said I should go thank everyone as myself, right? So...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 15.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I've decided to borrow your body for the time being. Please don't blame me. The flora also climbs up the fence to get closer to the sky.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Then at least promise me you won't say anything weird when you're in my body!)
:;(Nahida, as the Traveler, walks up to the party)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 16.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Everyone.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you awake now? Paimon was just about to bring you the food!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 17.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It's me.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, that voice... Nahida!?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hold up! What's going on, {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I didn't expect to have a conversation with the consciousness of Lesser Lord Kusanali in the Grand Bazaar. Interesting. Is this also a part of the feast?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' No, no, of course not! Are you... Lesser Lord Kusanali?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 18.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hello, Nilou.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' You know who I am!?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 19.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes, I already know every one of you. Nilou, Alhaitham, Cyno, Dehya, Paimon, and Dunyarzad.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Lesser... Lord Kusanali...?
:;(Dunyarzad blinks, and Nahida appears to take on her own form)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 20.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I took the liberty of occupying {{Traveler}}'s body so that I could thank all of you in person.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 21.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Thank you so much for rescuing me, even if that meant placing your own safety in peril, and taking the risk of becoming enemies with the Akademiya, the Sages, The Doctor, The Balladeer, and even the entirety of Sumeru.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 22.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Without you, without any of you... I would have been in a much more difficult situation.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 23.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Had you not helped me to resolve the crisis, not only I, but Sumeru and even the entirety of Teyvat, would've suffered great misfortune.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 24.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' People refer to you as "the heroes who managed to rescue a god." I am quite fond of this name. It not only explains your identities, but also bears witness to your relationship with me.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 25.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Please allow me to present to you my most sincere gratitude.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Lesser Lord Kusanali, y&mdash;you've done so much for Sumeru, and I... I didn't even have a chance to do anything for you... You don't have to do this.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 26.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Dunyarzad, the suffering you endured during your illness is also proof of you being with me and praying for me. Thank you.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' You don't need to be so ceremonious... It's always been my duty to protect you.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' This is how the relationship between the Akademiya and Dendro Archon should be. We just did what was necessary and set things back on the right path.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You're an archon, but you act so humble. You really don't need to be so polite with us.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I... I'm honored to have been able to take part in this plan! I hope you liked the dance I dedicated to you!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 27.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...Thank you, all of you. Thank you so much.
:;(Nahida's appearance transitions back to the Traveler)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (See? Just like I said, everybody is very happy to meet you.)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 13 nahida 28.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...Yeah!
:{{Black Screen|Nahida shows up for a surprise visit and brings the feast to its climax. Sincere joy flows in the hearts of everyone present.}}
:{{Black Screen|A warm atmosphere of talking and laughter carries on late into the night...}}
:{{Black Screen|And the feast ends on a perfect note.}}
:{{Black Screen|The next day...}}
:{{A|vo xmaq305 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you awake? Did you rest well?
:{{DIcon}} I think... I slept alright.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After Nahida left, you ate a lot of food. You've become a glutton!
:{{DIcon}} Still nothing compared to Paimon.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph. That just means you still have a lot to learn from Master Paimon, the Sage of Gluttony!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All right. Since you're awake now, should we go and have a chat with Nahida?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 14 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She should be in the Akademiya right about now. If you have any questions, now's your chance to ask.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Although the dust has settled, you've still got some questions. Nahida, who is in the Sanctuary of Surasthana, will answer them for you.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Nahida in the Sanctuary of Surasthana)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nahida!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hello, Traveler and Paimon.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' What a fantastic night. I'm still immersed in all the happiness and joy, like a candle floating on water.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So are we, and that's why we're here to talk with you!
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Is there anything you want to know?
:{{DIcon}} About the Akasha...
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04a 1.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' After recent events, the Akasha can no longer function as it used to.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04a 2.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I've given it some thought, and have decided to shut it down permanently.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04a 3.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But this is definitely not a bad thing. Even from the beginning, I've been planning to shut it down.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04a 4.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The Akasha's centralized administration of knowledge has always restrained people's curiosity and curtailed the number of paths available to them. I don't think this is good for Sumeru.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04a 5.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Although people may initially feel a little uncomfortable with the loss of the Akasha, they will soon understand that this life is more suitable for them.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04a 6.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' And as for the future of Sumeru... I'm preparing to regain control of the Akademiya.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04a 7.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The former sages have received their punishment, but the new sages have yet to be selected. I will oversee the process personally.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04a 8.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I hope that the new Six Great Sages will be more focused on academics. Sumeru needs such leaders more than ever.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04a 9.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The other big issue is the people of King Deshret &mdash; all the residents of the desert, in fact. They have been mistreated for far too long.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04a 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I've already taken some measures to address this. It will take some time to rebuild everything, but no matter if it's culture, friendship, or trust... we will rebuild it.
:;(Return to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About what happened after I fell asleep that day...
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04b 1.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You mean, what happened after The Doctor put you to sleep?
::{{DIcon}} Did he take the Gnoses?<ref group="Translation Note" name="number of gnoses">In the original Chinese text, it is left ambiguous whether this line is talking about the Dendro Gnosis, the Electro Gnosis, or both Gnoses.</ref>
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04b 2.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You guessed correctly... The top-ranked Fatui Harbingers, up to No. 3, possess power comparable to that of gods. I was no match for him in that kind of situation.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04b 3.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' However, in spite of the bad situation, I still managed to make a fair deal with The Doctor.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04b 4.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm sure you remember the entity that changed your fate &mdash; the [[Heavenly Principles]].
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04b 5.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' In fact, the Heavenly Principles has been quiet since the Khaenri'ah disaster five hundred years ago. I used this point as leverage against The Doctor.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04b 6.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I told him that the Heavenly Principles may be awakened if I destroyed a Gnosis. Although it was just a bluff, he still fell for it.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04b 7.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I assumed that the Heavenly Principles wouldn't just stand by and let such extensive damage to its "laws" take place.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04b 8.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' And as for what I exchanged for the Gnoses...<ref group="Translation Note" name="number of gnoses" />
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04b 9.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The exchange served as both punishment for The Doctor, as well as a boon of new knowledge that I couldn't refuse as the God of Wisdom.
<!--::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04b 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm sure you probably want to ask what that knowledge was... Please forgive me, for I can't tell you that right now, but I believe you'll discover it one day.--><!--This line does not play-->
:;(Return to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About The Balladeer...
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04c 1.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' He's still in a coma. I've hidden him like how one would hide a feather.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04c 2.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I know you have many misgivings about him, but as someone who had "become a god," he has retained a number of very useful features.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04c 3.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on him and make sure he doesn't do any evil.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04c 4.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' In addition, there are still some mysteries left in him. Some things may be very clear from my perspective, but he has still yet to understand them himself.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04c 5.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' His future will be determined by fate.
:;(Return to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About Fontaine, the next stop on my journey...
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04d 1.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Is that where you're headed next? Fontaine, the nation of justice.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04d 2.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' As far as I know, that nation operates on a judicial system.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03d 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Does their archon personally judge people?
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04d 3.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' No, there's a [[Neuvillette|Chief Justice]] in Fontaine. Generally speaking, the Hydro Archon, [[Focalors]], won't preside over individual trials.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04d 4.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' However... even then, Focalors will still make herself present at just about every trial. It seems that she just likes to immerse herself in that sort of atmosphere.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04d 5.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' As archon, she still reserves the right to influence the final verdict.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04d 6.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Anyway, let's just say she's got... hmm... a very unique personality.
:;(Return to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} I've got nothing else to say.
:;(Continue to next section)
----
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 1.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Are you sure? Isn't there something else that you haven't asked about yet?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You mean...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 2a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 2b.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' About... your {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}}.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 3a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 3b.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' While you were resting at Gandharva Ville, I took some time to perform an Irminsul search for information on your {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}}.
:{{DIcon}} But... we both came from beyond the sea of stars.
:{{DIcon}} There shouldn't be any information on {{MC|m=her|f=him}} in Irminsul.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 2a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 2b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, isn't Irminsul a repository for all the information and memories of Teyvat? So there shouldn't be anything on {{MC|m=him|f=her}} or {{MC|m=his sister|f=her brother}}.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 4.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' This is true in your case, {{Traveler}}. Irminsul indeed does not have any information on you.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 5.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' However...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 6a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 6b.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' There must be something different about your {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}}... because as it turns out, the world has recorded information on {{MC|m=her|f=him}} after all.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!?
:{{DIcon}} !?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 7a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 7b.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' There's only one possible explanation: {{MC|m=She|f=He}} belongs to this world.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (How is that possible? We journeyed the sea of stars all our lives until we came here. How could {{MC|m=she|f=he}} possibly hail from Teyvat...?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Things don't add up. Is there something wrong with my memories? Or is it this world that has done something to {{MC|m=her|f=him}}...)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... nothing about this makes any sense. Wasn't this your first trip to Teyvat?
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any further intel?
:{{DIcon}} Do you know what {{MC|m=she|f=he}} has been through?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 8.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' According to the records I was able to access, your sibling suddenly appeared in Khaenri'ah...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 9a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 9b.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' After the Khaenri'ah disaster, {{MC|m=she|f=he}} began {{MC|m=her|f=his}} journey through the seven nations of Teyvat.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 10a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 10b.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But just as {{MC|m=her|f=his}} journey was about to reach its conclusion, the Irminsul records on {{MC|m=her|f=him}} suddenly become fuzzy...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 5a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 5b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you mean, "fuzzy"? Did something happen to {{MC|m=her|f=him}}?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 12a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 12b.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' All I know for sure is that somebody, for reasons only they can know, is deliberately obfuscating {{MC|m=her|f=his}} fate...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 13.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' And whoever it is... if they can do that, who knows what else they're capable of.
:{{DIcon}} Could it be related to... the Abyss?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 6a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 6b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But even that wouldn't explain how {{MC|m=she|f=he}} somehow comes from this world...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 14.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Something else I noticed was that according to these records, the Fatui have not classified your sibling as one of the "[[Descender]]s."
:{{DIcon}} Descenders?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 7.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...What's a Descender? Paimon's never heard of it...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 15.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Look, I'm sure you must be curious about the information I received from the Fatui in return for my Gnosis, right?<ref group="Translation Note" name="number of gnoses" />
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 16.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' A very important part of the intel was about this world's Descenders... external beings, ones that don't belong to this world.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 17.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' {{Traveler}}, you are Teyvat's "Fourth Descender."
:{{DIcon}} Fourth...?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 8a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 8b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? So the Fatui count three other Descenders before {{Traveler}}? And {{MC|m=his sister|f=her brother}} isn't even one of them?
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 18.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' That's right. My current hypothesis is that the "First Descender" was likely what we now call the Heavenly Principles.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 19.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' As for the other Descenders... I still need to verify their existence. It could take me some time.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 9.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... Paimon's head's about to burst from all this crazy new information...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 20.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' And yet, even knowing all this, I'm sure you must still have a lot of unanswered questions. I must say, I truly regret that I can't help you more as the God of Wisdom...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 21.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' There are many questions in my heart as well. I will need some time to go through each one of them.
:{{DIcon}} Same here... I'll need some time to reflect on what you've said.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 22.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' And soon, you'll also begin your journey anew, and depart from Sumeru.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 23.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm very interested in your future. It's a journey that can't be observed or recorded by this world...
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 24.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' If fate is the ultimate knowledge, then your future will be the ultimate fate.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's sure glad we got to meet you, Nahida.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 25.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The pleasure is all mine... I can't thank you enough.
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 26.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' All right, that's enough talk for today. If you ever miss me, just close your eyes &mdash; and maybe I'll appear in your dreams~

;(Talk to Nahida again)
:{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Is there anything you want to know?
:{{DIcon}} About the Akasha...
:;(Same as before)
:{{DIcon}} About what happened after I fell asleep that day...
:;(Same as before)
:{{DIcon}} About The Balladeer...
:;(Same as before)
:{{DIcon}} About Fontaine, the next stop on my journey...
:;(Same as before)
:{{DIcon}} About my {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}}...
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 8.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' According to the records I was able to access, your sibling suddenly appeared in Khaenri'ah...
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 9a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 9b.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' After the Khaenri'ah disaster, {{MC|m=she|f=he}} began {{MC|m=her|f=his}} journey through the seven nations of Teyvat.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 10a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 10b.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But just as {{MC|m=her|f=his}} journey was about to reach its conclusion, the Irminsul records on {{MC|m=her|f=him}} suddenly become fuzzy...
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 5a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 5b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you mean, "fuzzy"? Did something happen to {{MC|m=her|f=him}}?
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 12a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 12b.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' All I know for sure is that somebody, for reasons only they can know, is deliberately obfuscating {{MC|m=her|f=his}} fate...
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 13.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' And whoever it is... if they can do that, who knows what else they're capable of.
::{{DIcon}} Could it be related to... the Abyss?
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 6a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 6b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But even that wouldn't explain how {{MC|m=she|f=he}} somehow comes from this world...
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 14.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Something else I noticed was that according to these records, the Fatui have not classified your sibling as one of the "Descenders."
::{{DIcon}} Descenders?
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 7.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...What's a Descender? Paimon's never heard of it...
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 15.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Look, I'm sure you must be curious about the information I received from the Fatui in return for my Gnosis, right?
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 16.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' A very important part of the intel was about this world's Descenders... external beings, ones that don't belong to this world.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 17.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' {{Traveler}}, you are Teyvat's "Fourth Descender."
::{{DIcon}} Fourth...?
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 8a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 8b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? So the Fatui count three other Descenders before {{Traveler}}? And {{MC|m=his sister|f=her brother}} isn't even one of them?
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 18.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' That's right. My current hypothesis is that the "First Descender" was likely what we now call the Heavenly Principles.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 19.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' As for the other Descenders... I still need to verify their existence. It could take me some time.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 9.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... Paimon's head's about to burst from all this crazy new information...
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 20.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' And yet, even knowing all this, I'm sure you must still have a lot of unanswered questions. I must say, I truly regret that I can't help you more as the God of Wisdom...
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 21.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' There are many questions in my heart as well. I will need some time to go through each one of them.
::{{DIcon}} Same here... I'll need some time to reflect on what you've said.
:;(Return to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} I've got nothing else to say.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 22.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' And soon, you'll also begin your journey anew, and depart from Sumeru.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 23.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm very interested in your future. It's a journey that can't be observed or recorded by this world...
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 24.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' If fate is the ultimate knowledge, then your future will be the ultimate fate.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 paimon 03e 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's sure glad we got to meet you, Nahida.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 25.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The pleasure is all mine... I can't thank you enough.
::{{A|vo xmaq305 15 nahida 04e 26.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' All right, that's enough talk for today. If you ever miss me, just close your eyes &mdash; and maybe I'll appear in your dreams~
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Toast to Victory
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Qng Ynxi Zhshng zh Ji
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Qng Ynxi Zhshng zh Ji
|zh_tl   = Please Drink the Wine of Victory Celebration
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Shouri no Iwai Sake
|ja_tl   = A Drink to Victory
|ko      = <->  
|ko_tl   = Drink A Toast to Victory
|es      = Un brindis por la victoria
|es_tl   = A Toast to Victory
|fr      = Trinque  la victoire !
|fr_tl   = Drink to Victory!
|ru      =    
|ru_tl   = Let's Drink to Our Victory
|th      = 
|th_rm   = Chong Duem dae Chai-cha-na
|th_tl   = A Toast to Victory
|vi      = Mi Ung Ly Ru Mng Chin Thng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Lasst uns auf den Sieg anstoen
|de_tl   = Let Us Toast to Victory
|id      = Bersulang Demi Kemenangan
|id_tl   = Toast for Victory
|pt      = Um Brinde  Vitria
|pt_tl   = A Toast to Victory
|tr      = Zaferin erefine
|tr_tl   = In Honor of Victory
|it      = Un brindisi alla vittoria
|it_tl   = A Toast to Victory
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

==Notes==
<references group="Translation Note" />

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter III}}

[[es:Un brindis por la victoria]]
[[ja:]]
[[vi:Mi Ung Ly Ru Mng Chin Thng]]