{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40020
|image         = Event Quest A Tricky Situation.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Labyrinth Warriors
|part          = 1
|requirement   = Complete [[Chapter II]] Act III: [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]]
|prev          = 
|next          = Pushing On
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|rewards       = Primogem*60;Hero's Wit*3;Mora*30,000
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks [[Labyrinth Warriors]] event
|characters    = Katheryne (Inazuma); Kujou Sara; Paimon; Shiki Taishou; Tartaglia; Traveler; Watanabe (Labyrinth Warriors); Xinyan; Yata Kouki
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''A Tricky Situation''' is an Event Quest that unlocks the [[Labyrinth Warriors]] event.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Adventurers' Guild]] in [[Inazuma City]]
# Go to the [[Tenryou Commission Headquarters]]
# Negotiate with the officials at the Tenryou Commission Headquarters
# Enter the Tenryou Commission Headquarters
# Talk to [[Kujou Sara]]
# Go into the domain and investigate
# Check on the wounded soldier
# Go to the domain and guard the gate
# Defeat all opponents
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Hilichurl Fighter*4;Hilichurl Shooter}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Hilichurl Berserker*3;Pyro Hilichurl Shooter;Hydro Samachurl}}
# Investigate the domain's surroundings
# Enter the Mystic Onmyou Chamber
# Go deeper into [[Labyrinth Warriors/The Ominous Demesne|The Ominous Demesne]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The situation in Inazuma has stabilized, but neither you nor Paimon have been idle. You decide to head over to the Adventurers' Guild and accept a new commission...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon login)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Say, Inazuma has become a lot more stable lately &mdash; why haven't we received any new commissions...?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If this goes on, your sword's gonna get rusty.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we've got nothing else to do &mdash; let's head over to the Adventurers' Guild!

;(Talk to Yata Kouki before talking to Xinyan &mdash; optional)
:{{A|vo dialog eqrg001 yatakouki 01.ogg}} '''Yata Kouki:''' I still have to go and check the left corridor after finishing my post...
:{{A|vo dialog eqrg001 yatakouki 02.ogg}} '''Yata Kouki:''' If only we had more help...
:{{A|vo dialog eqrg001 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That guy looks busy, let's not disturb him.

;(Talk to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 2 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hello, Traveler. You couldn't have come at a better time.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 2 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' The Adventurers' Guild has received a new commission, but it's a little complicated. We've struggled to find the right candidate for the job.
:{{DIcon}} Lay it on me, it's starting to feel like eternity around here.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 2 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I'll get straight to the point. The client is a distinctive musician from Liyue.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 2 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' She's in possession of a temporary travel permit that's about to expire, and is looking for someone familiar with the process to help her renew it and avoid deportation.
:{{DIcon}} Does this really count as adventuring...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, wipe that disappointed look off your face! Imagine if you were in that situation!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, a distinctive female musician from Liyue... sounds familiar...
:{{DIcon}} Remembering really isn't your strong suit, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} I know who she is.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Ah! Paimon knows!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 2 katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Oh? Is she a friend of yours? She headed for the Tenryou Commission after submitting her request, you should be able to find her there.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 2 katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I hear that the Commission has been very busy recently, so they probably won't be able to help her...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If it's who Paimon thinks it is, she's probably introducing the Tenryou Commission to some sweet riffs right now!
:{{DIcon}} I'm not sure that would end well.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' B&mdash;But doesn't everyone love rock 'n' roll...? Hmm, we should probably get over there before she gets arrested for public disorder!

;(Approaching the Tenryou Commission Headquarters)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look! Is that really Xinyan!

:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So it is Xinyan! Ha! Paimon's intuition prevails again.
:{{DIcon}} You couldn't even remember her name just now...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Huh? Well, I'll be! Paimon, Traveler, what are you two doing here!?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Never thought I'd run into familiar faces so far from home! If you're here for a performance, I'm afraid I gotta disappoint you.
:{{DIcon}} Performance?
:{{DIcon}} Disappoint us?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' *sigh* It's a long story.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Have you heard of the [[Iridescence Tour]]? It's okay if you haven't... I didn't hear about it until just recently.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' The more I think about it, this whole thing was weird from the get-go!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' The organizers told me it was a music festival from Fontaine that was famous throughout Teyvat, but it seemed like nobody in Liyue had ever heard of it before.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' There was a guy standing on the side of the road calling out, like he was selling Sunsettias or somethin'... I only inquired because I felt bad for him.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww, that was nice of you...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well anyway, he showed me a ton of material &mdash; the Iridescence Tour is a big deal over in Fontaine.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 09.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I heard that gettin' stage time means your music might start to be heard far and wide.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you'd be famous overnight if you were up there!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 10.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You think so? Me too! I want as many folks as possible to hear my music &mdash; that's why I'm so set on attendin' the festival.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 11.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' This year's Iridescence Tour is bein' held here in Inazuma. I've been honin' a bunch of new songs since I signed up &mdash; I even asked Beidou to ferry me out here ahead of time to scout the place out and make sure everythin' goes perfect.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 12.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Xiangling made me up a special packed lunch to wish me well! But... the organizers...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 13.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' They ran into trouble out on the ocean &mdash; they can't make it. They even got fishing boats to send a message to Inazuma so the authorities could start spreadin' the word &mdash; the Iridescence Tour is canceled!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 14.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' How can they just cancel it like that? I come here to perform, and they tell me this after I arrive? Now there's no way of getting the travel permit that the organizers arranged for me, and my temporary travel permit here is about to expire. Things couldn't have gone much worse...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like no one was more excited than you about performing at the festival, why should you get the short end of the stick...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's not fair...
:{{DIcon}} Yeah...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 15.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' *sigh* It ain't always easy being a musician...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 16.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well shucks, enough complainin'. This ain't the first time I wasn't able to perform. Time to move on!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you sure cheered up quick!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 17.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' If you wanna play rock 'n' roll for a livin', you gotta be tenacious! That's why I sprang into action. I submitted a request at the Adventurers' Guild and headed straight to the Tenryou Commission to see what else I could find out.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 18.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' However... I've been standing here for ages already. I'm not sure what's keepin' those Tenryou Commission samurai so busy that they don't even have time to say hi.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How dare they! Paimon bets they're just goofing off!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 19.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' It's fine, stuff like this is bound to happen when you step onto unfamiliar shores. Hey Traveler, Beidou told me you've been in Inazuma for a while now. You must know how to get things done 'round here, right? Think you can help me out?
:{{DIcon}} Don't sweat it, I'm on the case.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 5 xinyan 20.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Now we're talkin'! If you can get my permit straightened out, I'll write you a killer tune as a token of my heartfelt gratitude.
----
;(Talk to Yata Kouki)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 6 yatakouki 01.ogg}} '''Yata Kouki:''' Huh? You again? I thought I told you we're busy already! You'll have to wait.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 6 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Sorry fellas, perhaps my agent here can explain.
:{{DIcon}} Is Kujou Sara here?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 6 yatakouki 02.ogg}} '''Yata Kouki:''' Madam Kujou Sara...? Oh, you must be the Traveler...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 6 yatakouki 03.ogg}} '''Yata Kouki:''' Is this outsider girl a friend of yours?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure is! She got stood up and now she's stuck here, so she needs to extend her travel permit. Come on, what kind of impression are you guys creating for visitors here, hmm?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 6 yatakouki 04.ogg}} '''Yata Kouki:''' Please don't be mistaken, we're not purposely delaying anything. Something big happened recently and the Tenryou Commission is spread thin &mdash; we don't have the resources right now.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 6 yatakouki 05.ogg}} '''Yata Kouki:''' The reason this young lady is still in the queue isn't because she came later than anyone else, it's because there's no one free to take care of smaller issues like travel permits.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, what is this "something big"?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 6 yatakouki 06.ogg}} '''Yata Kouki:''' *sigh* I can't tell you any more. Madam Kujou Sara is in the courtyard. Ask her yourself if you want to understand the situation.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like we don't have much choice.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So they really are busy...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 6 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Seems that way! But that's OK, they're just doing their job.

;(Talk to Yata Kouki again)
:{{A|vo dialog eqrg001 yatakouki 03.ogg}} '''Yata Kouki:''' Madam Kujou Sara is in the courtyard, you can try asking her yourself.

;(Upon entering the courtyard)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, why do these samurai look so serious? Like they're about to go to battle...

;(Talk to Kujou Sara)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Formations! Follow the vanguard and assemble outside the city!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hmm? Traveler? And who else do we have here?
:{{DIcon}} Sorry for interrupting your work.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' No harm done. What brings you to the Tenryou Commission headquarters all of a sudden? Is there trouble afoot?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Because if there's anything I can help with, don't hesitate to ask.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Finally, someone who can call the shots!
:{{Black Screen|''You tell Kujou Sara the whys and wherefores of the incident...''}}
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I see, it's regrettable that your friend has run into such an unfortunate incident, especially after such a journey.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' The Tenryou Commission is experiencing a large turnover of personnel in very difficult circumstances. We really are short on people. I apologize for not having tended to your friend's request on time.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's rare to see you guys struggling like this. What is it this time?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} We don't mean to pry.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah! We're just... casually asking...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' No one's to blame here, seems I just arrived at a bad time.
:{{DIcon}} How about we make a deal?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Why don't you tell us what kind of trouble you're facing, and we'll do our best to help? In return, maybe you could help Xinyan extend her travel permit?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...We really could use the extra help, especially from capable individuals like yourselves...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Alright, here's the situation. Recently, a nameless Domain has appeared in the Araumi region. Monsters with incredible strength have been pouring into the area.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, surely the Tenryou Commission are used to dealing with monsters?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' The Domain appeared quite unexpectedly, and we've come under serious pressure. I've already sent out scouts to investigate.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Originally, I was planning to lead a force there myself... but an extended period on the front lines would leave the Tenryou Commission without oversight... it just didn't feel right.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' If you need folks who can fight, I'll wager we can certainly be of assistance! Ain't that right, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a plan.
:{{DIcon}} We're pretty handy in combat.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! We do you a favor, and you do us a favor. Got it?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Geez, are you really giving orders to a general, Paimon?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hehe, it's fine, I'm indebted to you. This really is the best solution at the moment.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 13.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' If it were anyone else, I'd have to refuse... but even the Almighty Shogun has recognized your abilities, Traveler. I'm happy to assign this task to you.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Say now, sounds like you've made quite a name for yourself in Inazuma...
:{{DIcon}} You know me...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I'm gettin' to! Xiangling and the other folks are always sayin' you're destined for big things...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Madam Kujou Sara, where should we go next?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 14.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I'll take you over to the location now. I should warn you that I haven't been there myself yet, so I'm not sure how dangerous things could get...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 15.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' As a precaution, please bring sufficient combat equipment and supplies with you.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, can we write off the expenses?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 16.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Fair enough, I'll put in a request now...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hold up! I remember there's a travel permit processin' fee, why don't you write that off and I'll cover all our other expenses.
:{{DIcon}} How generous of you, Xinyan!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' It's nothin', actually Beidou gave me a bag of Mora to spend before I even got off the ship! Seein' as I'm inconveniencin' just about everyone, it's about time I had somethin' to show for it.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 xinyan 09.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Why don't we just split it between us? It should cover equipment and supplies, no trouble.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 17.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...You are a woman of method and integrity, I see.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 xinyan 10.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Aww, don't mention it... but don't go forgettin' about my permit now...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 kujousara 18.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I will see to it personally, you have nothing to worry about.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 xinyan 11.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Fantastic! Thank you Ma'am!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So it's agreed? Alright, let's take care of this Domain!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 9 xinyan 12.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Sounds like a plan. Let's hit the road!
----
;(Approaching the camp)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Look over there!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 10 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Those samurai look like they could use some help...

;(Talk to Watanabe)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 watabe 01.ogg}} '''Watanabe:''' Ma'am, you're finally here!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 watabe 02.ogg}} '''Watanabe:''' We were ambushed by monsters at the entrance as soon as we started to investigate.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 watabe 03.ogg}} '''Watanabe:''' We were able to push most of them back into the Domain, but... some of them escaped to the southeast...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 watabe 04.ogg}} '''Watanabe:''' Many of our troops were injured, so I decided to tend to them before issuing the order to pursue. Forgive me!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Southeast? Oh no, there'll be civilians along the way...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' This is urgent, we need to split up for now. I'll lead a team to pursue the monsters that got away. The situation here I leave in your hands.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I'm sure you don't need reminding... but be careful.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry.
:{{DIcon}} We're professionals.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry about a thing, we got this!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 watabe 05.ogg}} '''Watanabe:''' Uhh... one more thing! Monsters often try to sneak out from the Domain. Keep a close watch on the entrance and don't let any of them past, or else&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Watanabe! Trust in my judgment!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 watabe 06.ogg}} '''Watanabe:''' Y&mdash;Yes, Ma'am!
;(Kujou Sara leaves)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And off she goes.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Wow, she ain't playin', huh.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, she is leading an army after all!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, let's get over to the entrance!

;(Talk to Watanabe again)
:{{A|vo dialog eqrg001 watabe 01.ogg}} '''Watanabe:''' We must tend to the wounded quickly and consolidate our position...
:{{A|vo dialog eqrg001 watabe 02.ogg}} '''Watanabe:''' The Tenryou Commission must not falter, no matter the odds!
:{{A|vo dialog eqrg001 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even if the situation's looking grim, he's still super focused. Seems like a dedicated samurai to Paimon.

;(Approaching the domain)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, monsters! Let's take 'em out!

;(After defeating all opponents)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like it's over... Did we stop them?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 14 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Huh? There's somethin' on the ground.

;(Investigate the doll)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's just... a piece of paper?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks like a little paper figure. Is it a talisman? Maybe one of the samurai dropped it.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' A paper figure, huh... reminds me of the shikigami they talk about in the legends.
:{{DIcon}} Shikigami?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Yeah. I spend a lotta time looking into legends from all over Teyvat &mdash; they give me inspiration for my lyrics.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' They say in Inazuma there are paper cut-outs imbued with magical power that follow their masters wherever they go. Some of them can banish evil, repel monsters, or even protect your home.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds a bit like all that sigil and adepti art stuff they have over in Liyue...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like I need to trade Paimon in for paper and scissors...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds strong enough not to warrant a "fifths of a wild boar" measuring system...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? Paimon is a professional Teyvat travel guide AND your best friend! Let's see your fighting origami do that!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Wait! Look! The shikigami... It's... it's movin'!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey there, lil' paper guy! Can you hear us? Can you talk?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Where am I...? Ah! Did I faint?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh no... I'm... Wait! Did you see the monsters that escaped from here? Where did they go?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' There were monsters around here alright, but we took care of all of 'em.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Phew... Thank you. And thank goodness they didn't manage to escape... I'd never forgive myself if someone got hurt...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you a shikigami? Those monsters... you didn't let them out, right?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' To my knowledge, shikigami are all about defeating monsters... so what's your story?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 04.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' My name is Shiki Taishou, and I'm sorry you have to see me like this on our first meeting.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 05.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' This Domain is called the Mystic Onmyou Chamber. I'm the overseer in charge here.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 06 (re-upload).ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' The Mystic Onmyou Chamber has been in an extended slumber, just as I have. However, a few days ago, under the influence of an unknown power, all the monsters in the Domain were suddenly awakened... and the door was opened...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 07.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Actually... it seems like I may have suffered some memory loss in the process. All I remember is waking up to a living nightmare... I tried my best to stop them.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 08.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I was surprised to see the monsters turn into paper charms when they were defeated. That's when I remembered that they must also be onmyoudou creations... and form part of this onmyou chamber, like me.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Onmyoudou creations? I don't follow...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 09.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I'm sorry... I can't give you a clear explanation right now...
:{{DIcon}} But... what about yourself?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 10.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Me...? M&mdash;My sincere apologies! I am a shikigami, but all I know is that I'm the overseer responsible for this Domain. I can't remember who my master is, or why I was created in the first place. *sigh* I'm a failure...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean, you don't even know if you're one of the good guys?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, don't worry! Paimon heard that those with memory loss sometimes start to remember things when they return to a familiar place. Why don't you try going back into the Domain?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 11.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I was just about to try that.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 12.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I still have many unanswered questions, but one thing I'm certain of is that my powers originate from this Domain... We might even be one and the same.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 13.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' For some reason... I have a feeling that I should be able to completely control it!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If shikigami are supposed to help with banishing evil and repelling monsters, you were probably stationed here to guard the entrance!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As for your memory loss, did you ever hear those stories? Y'know, the ones where someone loses their memory and forgets about the incredible powers they had. Once they remember, they become invincible again!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 14.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Actually, I was just thinking along those lines... Do you think you all can help me out?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The most urgent task is helping you to remember, right? Once your memory's back, you might be able to control the Domain again, and stop any more monsters from escaping.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Traveler, can I borrow you for a second?
;(Traveler and Xinyan moves aside)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 09.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' This Shiki Taishou has only just woken up, and it's lost part of its memory... Do you trust it?
:{{DIcon}} ...I'm not sure.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 10.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' If it really is a guardian of the Domain, then we're in good company... but if it's not...
:{{DIcon}} We can't rule out the opposite.
:{{DIcon}} If its purpose is to create monsters...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 11.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' ...Exactly. We shouldn't make any foregone conclusions, but we still gotta be careful.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 12.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Besides, we still don't know who built this Domain, or why there are so many monsters inside. We need to get more of an understandin'.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 13.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Paimon on the other hand seems to trust it quite a bit. I guess she's still a child at heart.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon has a thing for cute pieces of paper.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 14.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hold on there, Paimon. Let's get a grasp of the situation before we get too hasty.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 15.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Mm... I understand. Between my mysterious memory loss and my link to this onmyou chamber, it's normal for you to have your doubts.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 15.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Why don't you let me test your sincerity?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sincerity? Sounds like something interesting is about to happen...!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 16.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You may not believe it, but music lovers like myself are able to use a special kinda language, that isn't used by ordinary folks. This language can be transmitted to others in the form of music itself.
:{{DIcon}} I see...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Special language? Paimon wants to hear it!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 17.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' It's an honest language that touches the truest depths of the heart. I'll be using this language to perform a test, to see if our friend Shiki Taishou here is truly trustworthy.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 16.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Music? That's not something I have much experience with... But I'm willing to accept any trials you deem necessary. All I want to do is take care of the crisis at hand.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 18.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Alright, well then listen up and look lively!

:{{A|Labyrinth Warriors Rapid as Wildfires.ogg}} (Xinyan plays "[[Rapid as Wildfires]]")

:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 19.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' So! Hope your spines ain't shiverin' too much.
:{{DIcon}} The performance was spectacular...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...But you only played one song! Is that enough for the test?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 20.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' The language I spoke was hidden in the music. You won't notice it, but it'll find its way into your heart... and expand your mind.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 21.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Every soul reacts differently to this kinda language. Just tell me how it made you feel, and I'll tell you the color of your soul!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? That sounds amazing!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 22.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' A kind heart, a heart forced into evil deeds, a heart closed off from having grown used to misfortune... all of them come in different colors.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 23.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' So, Shiki Taishou, tell me. What did my music make you feel?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 17.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I'm sorry, I... I'm not sure I understand.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 18.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I've never heard music like this before, so it's impossible for me to grasp the hidden intricacies.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 19.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' What I can say is that my body and soul... if I have a soul... has been uplifted by your melody. I can see the world that you described.
:{{DIcon}} World?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 20.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I'm not sure how to put it... but it felt like I was wandering aimlessly on a path, with a mist all around me. It felt like I was wounded... and my head was aching.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 21.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' There were sounds coming from beyond the mist that frightened me, and I worried I was about to be swallowed by some hidden danger. But all I could do was continue forward.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 22.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I didn't know where my destination was... but it felt like someone was waiting there for me.
:{{DIcon}} That's... very detailed.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... That's a lot of feels for a piece of paper, maybe Paimon failed the test. All Paimon could think of was a bunch of people eating Grilled Fish...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 23.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Grilled Fish! I think I saw something similar to that... I was grilling fish with people whose faces I couldn't make out.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 24.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' There was a fire at the end of the mist. People were sitting around with freshly caught fish on bamboo skewers... I'd transformed into an actual person &mdash; I was having dinner with them.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 25.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' ...And yet I had the feeling that I'd be leaving and continuing on my way again once the sun rose.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 24.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' An endless journey... and there wasn't any fightin'?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 25.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Mighty interestin'... So my melody didn't conjure up any thoughts of fightin' for you?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 26.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Oh... should it have?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 26.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' No, no, you gave a great answer. I had a few friends listen to that tune before as well. Your answer really reminded me of theirs...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 27.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' As far as songs go, it's pretty complex, with a lotta twists and turns, but the image you had prevailed the whole way through... You must be very similar to those friends of mine.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you talking about Xiangling and Beidou?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 28.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Haha, that's right!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 29.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I'll wager you're a like-minded bein'! Based on your answer, I'm willing to trust you.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 27.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' ...Really? I was just trying to describe how I felt, I didn't think you'd be able to trust me so quickly.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 30.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' That's because this is all still mysterious to you! I have no doubt about the language of music. It tells me who I can trust.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 31.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Music ain't bound to anythin' &mdash; it's free in the truest sense of the word. Shiki Taishou, to me, out of all the things you could have thought of, the images you landed on make me feel like we were supposed to run into you.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 28.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Thank you very much, young lady!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 32.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' No need to thank me, trusting you is an extension of my belief in my musical intuition. Not to strum my own chord or anythin', hehe.
:{{DIcon}} I still have my reservations.
::{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 33a.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well, this is all just my own opinion, and everyone's entitled to theirs. But for the moment, it seems like we're all in the same boat either way. Traveler, I hope you can see to allowin' Shiki Taishou to tag along for now.
:{{DIcon}} I trust your judgment.
::{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 33b.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' No kiddin'? Hahah, I'm lucky to have friends with such great taste in music!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 shikishogun 29.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I&mdash;I will never forget the kindness you've all shown me! I'm certain I can be of help to you... if only I can regain my memories.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 34.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh, enough of that. We're not helpin' you because we need somethin' from you. The most important thing now is to prepare ourselves for what lies ahead.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 35.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Traveler, we better get combat-ready. Let's see what this here Domain has to offer!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 xinyan 36.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Maybe we can take care of everythin' before Madam Kujou Sara gets back!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 15 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' For adventurers at our level, there isn't a Domain out there that we can't handle!
----
;(Enter the domain)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Strange... the Mystic Onmyou Chamber doesn't look special in any way.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 shikishogun 01.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' True, but I can sense my power regenerating... Whew, I feel much better now.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait! Look over there! Is there... someone here already?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 shikishogun 02.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Someone inside the Domain? I... I can't believe it. Who would choose to enter a Domain like this one...?
:{{DIcon}} They look familiar...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh? I was wondering who it could be, but it seems you&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} That voice...!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''???:''' I heard your footsteps and thought: Who in Teyvat would set foot in such a dangerous Domain...?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! It's you!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Then I heard your voice and well... Haha, it all made sense.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' It's been a long time, Traveler. You're getting bolder.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Childe! What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Domain, wait... Are you responsible for all this!?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' "Child?" He's on the tall side isn't he?
:{{DIcon}} It's "Childe" with an "e".
:{{DIcon}} He also goes by Tartaglia.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hello miss, Tartaglia will do just fine, I'm&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon'll tell you who he is! He's someone who shows up before bad things happen!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hey now, all this time apart and this is the greeting I get?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;You know what Paimon's talking about!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Wait, Xinyan doesn't know what Paimon's talking about...! And knowing Xinyan, if she found out about Childe's actions in Liyue... Oh boy...)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' (Hmm, interesting attire, but I think she's a Liyue girl... Now then, perhaps I should just be upfront...?)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, uh... H&mdash;How about this&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Actually, I want to start by&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is an adventurer we befriended in Mondstadt! Childe is just a nickname we gave him!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Huh?
:{{DIcon}} Eh?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' T&mdash;Tartaglia here is allllways messing stuff up! Even when the dangers are obvious, he just recklessly charges in &mdash; something an adventurer should NEVER do! So we get a lil' annoyed with him sometimes, hehe...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...Uhh... Yes! Yes, yes &mdash; I couldn't have put it better myself. I too am an adventurer, and I've caused my fair share of trouble for Paimon and the Traveler here, for which I'm... unfathomably sorry.
:{{DIcon}} (Impressive, Paimon, impressive.)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh, so you're a Mondstadter! Pleasure to meet ya, I'm from Liyue myself. The name's Xinyan, and the name of the game is rock 'n' roll!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The pleasure's all mine. So, are you here to explore the Domain too?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' That's right, we're trying to find out why the monsters here are so active.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' According to Shiki Taishou here, the Domain is known as the Mystic Onmyou Chamber. There are lots of dangerous monsters inside that were created using onmyoudou.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 12.ogg}} '''Childe:''' A Domain that lets its monsters escape in the outside world... What forces are at play here?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 13.ogg}} '''Childe:''' As for me, I stumbled in almost by accident, but now I'm curious about this mystery. We adventurers don't rest until the truth comes to light &mdash; it's in our nature. So, do you mind if I join you guys? I can offer my aid in return.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 14.ogg}} '''Childe:''' If you haven't heard, I'm pretty handy in a fight...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Traveler, what do you think?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 15.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You're not going to reject me, are you? Oh, don't be so cruel, Traveler &mdash; you know how strong I am!
:{{DIcon}} Alright, you can join us.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 16.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Heh, now we're talking.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Another addition to the Shiki Taishou memory huntin' crew! There's strength in numbers, haha.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 17.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I'm assuming Shiki Taishou is the little paper fellow here, right?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 18.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hmm... A simple yet captivating design, and look at the little face! I bet my brother would love one.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 shikishogun 03.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Uhh... Is he complimenting me?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Yeah, take it as a compliment.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 shikishogun 04.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Ahem, alright, why don't I bring our new companion up to speed?
:{{Black Screen|''Shiki Taishou explains his amnesia and the basic situation concerning the Domain entrance once again...''}}
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 19.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You said that you're the overseer here... but I didn't see you when I entered. That must mean you were already unconscious by the time I arrived, correct?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 shikishogun 05.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I believe so.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well brother, maybe if you'd slowed down a little bit you would have noticed.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 20.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Brother? Haha, that's a very intimate way of addressing someone &mdash; I like it! You remind me of my little sister...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 21.ogg}} '''Childe:''' So, according to the information we have, it's very possible that Shiki Taishou is the guardian of this Domain.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 22.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I'm sure we'll find out the truth of that soon enough. Shiki Taishou also says that its power has been regenerating ever since it set foot here. It might even be able to absorb more power the further in we go.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 xinyan 09.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Shiki Taishou, can you remember anythin' yet? Or, do you feel different in any way?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 23.ogg}} '''Childe:''' They say that everything about shikigami is derived from magic... perhaps the more powerful our friend here becomes, the more likely it is that they'll recover their memories.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 shikishogun 06.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Now that I've been here a little while, I have a vague sense that I should be able to control certain parts of this Domain... Overseers are supposed to have that ability.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 24.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I've taken care of the monsters in this room. They all turned into tattered paper charms when I defeated them.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 25.ogg}} '''Childe:''' *sigh* That was some exhilarating combat, but I'm afraid I can't seem to find a way to progress further. Shiki Taishou, as our resident overseer, do you have any tricks up your sleeve?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 shikishogun 07.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Allow me to give it a try... Haa!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 xinyan 10.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' What in tarnation? The door opened!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... anyone else getting the creeps here? It looks real eerie. Someone else go in front! Childe, how about you?
:{{DIcon}} I smell danger.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 26.ogg}} '''Childe:''' It's the scent of monsters... the aroma of battle.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 tartaglia 27.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The monsters here are strong, fierce fighting awaits us... but I wouldn't have it any other way. You guys should learn to see the fun side of combat.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 xinyan 11.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I don't care how strong they are, they'll be ashes when I'm finished with them!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' M&mdash;Make sure you guys protect us! Especially Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} What is it, Shiki Taishou?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 shikishogun 08.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I hear something... an echo.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 shikishogun 09.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' This place... Yes, this used to be my dominion! I should be able to do more than just open doors and activate mechanisms here.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 shikishogun 10.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Fight... I&mdash;I should know how to fight!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 16 shikishogun 11.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Everyone! I've just remembered some combat techniques. Please, allow me to assist you in battle with shikifuda and onmyoudou.

;(Approach the charm emplacement)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 17 shikishogun 01.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' "There are four great spirits, and three spokes in the Mitsudomoe." This Domain is a magnificent work of onmyoudou. Over a thousand types of shikifuda were once placed here, nine of which are recognized as high magic.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 17 shikishogun 02.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Onmyoudou can expel evil and repel monsters. When used wisely, it can be of great help to martial artists. The secrets therein, are all hidden within these shikifuda.

;(Enter the hallways between rooms) <!-- trigger after combat -->
:{{A|vo eqrg001 17 shikishogun 03.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' But why did people want to do battle in this Domain?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 17 shikishogun 04.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' On the way here, I noticed many damaged shikifuda and all kinds of weapons, as well as the scent of Grilled Fish. Who was it that left all this behind?

----
;(Reach the end of the dungeon)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 18 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Not bad, that was some perilous action... I've experienced close calls like that before.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No surprise to see Childe enjoying himself. Do you really enjoy fighting that much?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 18 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Of course! I relish this kind of endless fighting. Putting your life on the line, giving your all, and leaving nothing on the battlefield...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... I guess bringing Childe along does have its advantages. We're making quick work of these monsters!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 18 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hey! Watch your step! What is that?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 18 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' This paper cut-out looks just like Shiki Taishou!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 18 shikishogun 01.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I know what this is. It's a replica of me &mdash; a mass-produced shikigami based on my design. It has my power... and possibly a portion of my memories...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 18 shikishogun 02.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I should fuse with it.
:{{Black Screen|''Shiki Taishou retrieves the replica...''}}
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' How was it? What did you see?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 shikishogun 01.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Harunosuke...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Harunosuke?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 shikishogun 02.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' My master, [[Kamuna Harunosuke]].
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 shikishogun 03.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' He was the first onmyouji of Inazuma and a master of charm magic. He created me and this Domain, and lived here in seclusion for a very long time.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Huh, so it was your master that created this place.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' But what was his reason behind creatin' you and the Domain?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 shikishogun 04.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I'm sorry... I'm not sure of that myself just yet.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Perhaps he was passionate about onmyoudou? Maybe when he discovered how strong he was, he decided to create a place like this to hone his abilities, to become even stronger...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' It's possible. Those obsessed with certain disciplines are often capable of incredible feats.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Perhaps that was the case with Kamuna Harunosuke. Onmyoudou may have been everything to him, so he created a Domain to train in.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But, he couldn't foresee that something would go wrong with the Domain, that he would lose control of the onmyoudou, and that his shikigami would turn into monsters.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wah! Shikigami can turn into monsters!?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Th&mdash;That's not possible, right!? That could be bad news for us!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I'm just shooting in the dark here. If the monsters weren't originating from the shikigami or paper charms, where were they coming from? The Inazuman authorities must have caught wind of this place and sent people here to seal it off, sending Shiki Taishou into a deep sleep in the process...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 shikishogun 05.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' No. Even though I still can't recall what he looked like, or how it felt to be in his company, there is one thing I'm certain of...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 shikishogun 06.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' With his ability, there's no way Kamuna would have made an error like this with his onmyoudou. More importantly, I'm sure he wouldn't have been so irresponsible.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh really? Well then, that leaves us with the worst assumption of all.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' What if Kamuna Harunosuke is evil, and created this Domain to enhance his onmyoudou? What if he succeeded in creating monsters that could become weapons...?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' That would make him a problem, and you... you would be his accomplice.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 shikishogun 07.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Evil? Accomplice? Using monsters... as weapons?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Easy red, isn't it a little early to be jumping to conclusions?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Shiki Taishou passed my test and earned my trust. I don't like the way you're talkin'.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hey, I'm merely making inferences based on Shiki Taishou's memories. I'm not trying to cast doubt on him, and it's true that we don't have any decisive evidence. But we do need to understand the situation here.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Besides... is being used as a weapon really that bad?
:{{DIcon}} (Being used as a weapon...?)
::{{DIcon}} (He must know something.)
:::{{DIcon}} (Him being here is no coincidence.)
:::{{DIcon}} (He's looking for something too.)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Alright, the next room should be through that door.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 tartaglia 12.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Let's see if we can find more of Shiki Taishou's replicas and help him restore his memories.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 tartaglia 13.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Who knows? We may even find Kamuna Harunosuke himself somewhere further in. I wonder how strong of a fighter he is... I'd like to go a few rounds with him.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 19 shikishogun 08.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' ...Let's keep moving forward.
----
;(Exit the domain)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How did we get back out here?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wasn't that door meant to take us to the next room?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Uh-oh, where's Shiki Taishou and Red? Are they still in the Domain?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh no... we can't get back in. It's stoppin' outsiders from enterin'.
:{{DIcon}} The Domain is stopping us?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's that rumbling... Can you feel it? Maybe some kind of mechanism has activated inside?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' ...Ugh, this ain't good.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' We can't make any hasty decisions... Traveler, Paimon, let's just wait it out for a minute.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hey!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? Kujou Sara? You're back so soon!
:{{DIcon}} (Good thing Tartaglia's not here...)
:{{DIcon}} (...or things might get out of hand real fast.)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Not soon enough, we spent a long time chasing those monsters down. They were cunning, and surprisingly good at evading us.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' How are things looking here?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, actually...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' No other monsters have emerged since we defeated the ones at the entrance.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' However, strange noises keep comin' from inside the Domain. Something big must be happenin', but we reckon it might be too dangerous to enter. We're waitin' for the noises to stop before goin' in to investigate.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hmm... I can sense a power is resisting us.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' We've already expended a lot of strength intercepting those monsters, investigating the truth of this Domain would be difficult... We need to be fully prepared.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 watabe 01.ogg}} '''Watanabe:''' Ma'am! It's not looking good for the wounded soldiers, but we came across a few scattered monsters on the way back...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 watabe 02.ogg}} '''Watanabe:''' If I may be so bold... we need you to bring up the rear and escort the wounded back to the city!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 kujousara 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry about us.
:{{DIcon}} Go and help those more in need.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 kujousara 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I suppose it can't be helped. I'll send the wounded back to Inazuma City and dispatch an elite force here. You've already been a great help, please return to the city with us.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' That's mighty kind Madam Kujou, but we're not outta strength yet. In fact, we've plenty to go around! We can keep taking care of things here, you do what you gotta do.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' We'll keep a close eye on the entrance for you.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 kujousara 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I... I'm very grateful.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 09.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hehe, if we're gonna help someone, we're gonna help them all the way through to the end.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! We can get a fire going and eat some Grilled Fish while you're away! Mmmm...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 10.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I just got a wave of new inspiration! I'm gonna write a song about this daredevil trip to Inazuma.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 kujousara 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' We at the Tenryou Commission will forever remember your contributions to our cause. I will be sure to reward each and every one of you properly once this is all over.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 kujousara 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' For now, I'll leave this Domain in your hands. Please keep a careful watch.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 kujousara 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Watanabe will be stationed in the area. Be sure to alert him if anything unexpected happens.
:{{Black Screen|''Kujou Sara leaves, while Watanabe heads to his station to continue awaiting orders.''}}
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xinyan, did you leave out the part about us entering the Domain on purpose? Hehe... Don't think Paimon didn't notice!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 11.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Haha, you got me. Great minds think alike Paimon, you must've been fixin' to do the same.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 12.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' There's still a lot we don't know about the Domain. If we get the authorities involved... we might end up with more problems than we started with.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 13.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Now let me be clear, I ain't biased in favor of Shiki Taishou! It's just, those memories are really important to him. Before we find out the truth about his origin... we shouldn't go makin' assumptions.
:{{DIcon}} Seemed like Tartaglia was making a few.
:{{DIcon}} There's certainly room for misunderstanding.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 14.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Yeah, and it's a terrible feelin' to be misunderstood... I would know. Sometimes people are too ready to judge a book by its cover, and don't have the patience to read the pages...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 15.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Sometimes a glance is all it takes. And once someone's misunderstood, they got a hell of a job tryin' to change people's minds.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 16.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Rock 'n' roll is great music, but it's also easily misunderstood... I made a friend of Shiki Taishou as soon as he heard the language I was speakin'. I need to find my own way of helpin' him.
:{{DIcon}} It's a risky endeavor.
:{{DIcon}} Kujou Sara's given us some added time pressure.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 17.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' That's right, we're gonna have to prove Shiki Taishou's innocence before she returns.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 18.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I need to ask a favor. Can you guys keep the Tenryou Commission's campaign against the Domain a secret from Shiki Taishou?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're really considerate, Xinyan. You really care about Shiki Taishou's memory loss.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 19.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Haha, could I call myself a friend if I didn't?
:{{DIcon}} (Xinyan can take care of the trust-building exercises...)
:{{DIcon}} (...I'll take care of the decision-making.)
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 20.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Huh? There's that noise again! Let me take a look...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Paimon wants to take a look too&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, come here a second!
:{{Black Screen|''To be on the safe side, you discuss some future moves with Paimon...''}}
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you really think we should tell him?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Then again, if he turns on us when we lay it all out there, Paimon will have your back!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's no way we're losing to a tiny paper cut-out. Not on Paimon's watch!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 21.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Traveler, come quick!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 shikishogun 01.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' *whimper* ...I failed again!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 22.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Shiki Taishou! Are you okay?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 shikishogun 02.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I'm fine, I had to use up some of my power just now to counter the resistance from within the Domain.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 shikishogun 03.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' The door just now must have actually been a disguised mechanism. As soon as anyone touches it, all the rooms inside the onmyou chamber are rearranged.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 shikishogun 04.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' It seems that no one can enter during the transition.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 shikishogun 05.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' *sigh* It's all my fault. If only I could exert real control over the Domain, we wouldn't be in this situation...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's no need to go blaming yourself. By the way, where's Childe? He's not still inside, is he?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 shikishogun 06.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I couldn't say... but that man possesses an incredible aura.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 shikishogun 07.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' He's unlike any ordinary person... He enjoys fighting and knows no fear of it. Maybe someone like that really can succeed in conquering this Domain.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's a troublemaker, but he could be in serious danger right now. We can't let him perish in there! He's the strongest on the team!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 23.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' He was hardly breakin' a sweat in there. I think we should have faith in his abilities.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 24.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' As much as I hate sittin' around, if even Shiki Taishou can't get back in, there's not much we can do right now...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 25.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' *sigh* Well, while we're waitin', I'm gonna think about my song. Shiki Taishou, you wanna listen to some new music?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 shikishogun 08.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' I'd love {{sic|too}}, but my mind is restless...
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But you're a piece of paper, are you really more restless than we are?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 shikishogun 09.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' Trust me when I say that I'm well aware of the risks you're taking to help me. The experiences, battles, and injuries you've gone through in the Domain are all my responsibility.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 26.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Us Liyue folk are all about maintainin' a tranquil mind. Things will only get worse if you let frustration take a hold of you.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 27.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' But there are some things in life that resist the more you try to repress them, that makes for freedom the more you try to tie 'em down. That's the kind of tenacity that gets me fired up!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're talking about things like rock 'n' roll, right?
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 28.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Right on! It's powerful yet flexible, with a stubbornness that never surrenders to the challenges ahead. That's the existence I strive for.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 shikishogun 10.ogg}} '''Shiki Taishou:''' ...I see. Then let us wait for the opportune moment together, Miss Xinyan.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 29.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Haha, now that's more like it!
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 30.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well Traveler, if you got other matters to attend to, let's split up for the meantime.
:{{A|vo eqrg001 20 xinyan 31.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' We can rendezvous somewhere close by when the Domain is open again!

;(Talk to Watanabe)
:{{A|vo dialog eqrg001 watabe 03.ogg}} '''Watanabe:''' Ugh! I failed again... The disgrace of it!
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about the Tenryou Commission...
:{{A|vo dialog eqrg001 watabe 04.ogg}} '''Watanabe:''' As you can see, the times have changed. The Tenryou Commission is currently redeploying its defenses all across Inazuma.
:{{A|vo dialog eqrg001 watabe 05.ogg}} '''Watanabe:''' Though we're not as efficient or brave as Madam Kujou Sara makes us out to be, we spare no effort in protecting Inazuma and stopping these monsters from ravaging the land...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Tricky Situation
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Jin' Dji Mjng Zhng
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Jin' Dji Mjng Zhng
|zh_tl   = Disaster Understood Within the Puzzle Domain
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Meikyou no Wazawai{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Disaster of the Mystery Border
|ko      =   
|ko_rm   = Nanhaehan Miro Sok'eseo
|ko_tl   = Inside a Tricky Maze
|es      = Una situacin complicada
|es_tl   = A Complicated Situation
|fr      = Une situation dlicate
|fr_tl   = A Delicate Situation
|ru      =  
|ru_tl   = A Complicated Situation
|th      = 
|th_rm   = Pritsana thi Yak Cha Khai
|th_tl   = A Difficult Puzzle
|vi      = B n Kh Gii p
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine knifflige Situation
|de_tl   = A Tricky Situation
|id      = Situasi yang Rumit
|id_tl   = Complicated Situation
|pt      = Uma situao complicada
|pt_tl   = A Complicated Situation
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

[[ja:]]
[[pt-br:Uma situao complicada]]
[[ru: ]]
[[vi:B n Kh Gii p]]