{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19119
|image         = Hangout Event A Trip for Two in Ritou.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Thoma
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Housekeeper's Daily Chores
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Ritou
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Host's Invitation
|rewards       = Lucky Omamori*1
|characters    = Thoma; Traveler; Qiuyue; Keiichi; Kaede
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Trip for Two in Ritou''''' is a quest in {{Quest|A Housekeeper's Daily Chores}}.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Ritou]] and talk to Thoma
# Roam the streets with Thoma
# Listen to Thoma's story about wine
# Roam the streets with Thoma
# Go to the [[International Trade Association]] entrance
# Roam the streets with Thoma
# Talk to Thoma

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You have a relaxing time together with [[Thoma]] in Ritou.}}
===Leisure Time===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Thoma)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I haven't been to Ritou in a long time, but it feels like the place hasn't changed at all.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Then again, a long time for humans is a blink of an eye for the natural environment.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Makes me wonder... what is [[Mondstadt]] like these days?
:{{DIcon}} Wait, you've been to Mondstadt?
:{{DIcon}} You miss Mondstadt?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Yeah. I actually grew up there.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Later, my father moved back to [[Inazuma]], and then we never heard from him. I wanted to take him some [[Dandelion Wine]], so I took the boat here from Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Unfortunately, we hit a huge storm on the way, which sank the boat. I fell unconscious, but was somehow lucky enough to float the rest of the way to Inazuma on debris from the wreckage.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'll spare you the rest for now. Lemme take you around.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' This is a branch of the [[Chuyu Trading Company]], based in [[Liyue]]. They sell ore from that region.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'm guessing you would have seen shops that look like this over there, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I have.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, the ones in Liyue are a little fancier...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 qiuyue 01.ogg}} '''[[Qiuyue]]:''' Ah, hello there. What brings the two of you all the way out to Ritou today?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 qiuyue 02.ogg}} '''Qiuyue:''' Since you're here, you should pick out a special something. We've got some fantastic pieces in at the moment.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 qiuyue 03.ogg}} '''Qiuyue:''' Like this [[Noctilucous Jade]] Necklace, or this [[Cor Lapis]] Bracelet. They may not be top tier in terms of ore quality, but the craftsmanship is simply exquisite.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 qiuyue 04.ogg}} '''Qiuyue:''' Do either of them pique your interest?
:{{DIcon}} I quite like the necklace, but...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe the bracelet would suit me better?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I think both suit you very nicely.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' To heck with it &mdash; how often do we get to do this? We'll take them both.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But you've gotta be fair to us with the price, Ma'am. My friend here is actually from Liyue.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 qiuyue 05.ogg}} '''Qiuyue:''' Oh, really? Well, say no more, Thoma, I wouldn't dream of overcharging. How does this figure look to you?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911901 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' It looks very reasonable. Deal! Now, {{Traveler}}, lemme take you somewhere else.
----
;(Roam the streets with Thoma)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911902 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Back in its heyday, Ritou always used to remind me of Mondstadt...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911902 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Freedom of trade, freedom of culture, and freedom of lifestyle.
----
;(Listen to Thoma's story about wine)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911903 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' This is [[Sailing Breeze]], a purveyor of Mondstadt wines.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911903 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' As it turned out, one of the first things that greeted me here when I arrived wasn't my father, but wine from my hometown.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911903 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' It must be said though, the wines here aren't quite up to the [[Dawn Winery]] standard...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911903 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Back when my father was still in Mondstadt, he used to talk fondly of the [[Angel's Share]].
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911903 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Of course, I was still a kid back then, so I never did get to join him for a drink.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911903 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' And now that I'm actually old enough, the opportunity is gone...
:{{DIcon}} You'll get the chance one day.
:{{DIcon}} You'll have that drink one day.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911903 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I hope so.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911903 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You've been to Mondstadt, right? I assume you've been to the Angel's Share?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911903 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I hear the [[Diluc|owner]]'s quite a formidable businessman. Given the chance, I'd love to meet him.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911903 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' When that day comes, we should also grab a drink... ah, wait, what am I saying. Maybe when you're older.
----
;(Before "Transient Dreams")
:;(Roam the streets with Thoma)
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911904 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Ritou's been going downhill ever since the [[Sakoku Decree]] took effect.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911904 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The winds of freedom disappeared and a dark gloom took their place.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911904 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Ironically, though, it's that same gloom that really allows me to thrive here...
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911904 kaede 01.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' Hi, Thoma. Out shopping with your friend? Can I get you anything today?
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911904 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Why not &mdash; I'll take that Toy Fox.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911904 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The Sakoku Decree has not been good for business.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911904 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Merchants have faced hostility at every turn. That's why the International Trade Association got together...

;(After "Transient Dreams")
:;(Roam the streets with Thoma)
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911904 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I heard the Shogun recently abolished the Sakoku Decree, and trade and commerce is already starting to recover.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911904 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'm sure it won't be long before Ritou retrieves the prosperity of its past.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911904 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' This is also thanks to your hard work. Thanks to you, our nation can finally prosper.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911904 kaede 01.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' Hi, Thoma. Out shopping with your friend? Can I get you anything today?
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911904 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Why not &mdash; I'll take that Toy Fox.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911904 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The Sakoku Decree might have been abolished, but the International Trade Association is still going strong.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911904 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' After all, there are still plenty of situations where their help can be quite essential...
----
;(Go to the International Trade Association entrance)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Here we are. Bet this takes you back, huh?
:{{DIcon}} I wonder how [[Kurisu]]'s doing?
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'm sure he's getting by. He wrote me not long ago, actually, asking me to deal with a situation for one of the merchants.
:;(Before "Transient Dreams")
:::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Kurisu works tirelessly to maintain some sort of order within the business world, despite the entire industry being less than ideal.
:;(After "Transient Dreams")
:::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 24.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Now that the Sakoku Decree has ended, there's some disagreements within the International Trade Association. He's doing his best to mediate.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Must be tough for the guy. I hope everything gets back to normal as soon as possible...
:{{DIcon}} We spent quite an eventful time here.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' We sure did. [[Katsuie]], from the [[Kanjou Commission]], was persecuting those poor merchants, until you stepped in, of course.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' A lot of people in Ritou are still very grateful to you for that. They ask me about you sometimes.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' If you're interested, I could set up a meal for all of us if you'd like.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 keiichi 01.ogg}} '''Keiichi:''' Excuse me &mdash; Thoma?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 keiichi 02.ogg}} '''Keiichi:''' It is you! What a coincidence. I was just about to send someone to deliver a gift to you.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I don't believe we've met? And if there's a gift involved here, I'm not sure I've earned it! Is there something I can do for you?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 keiichi 03.ogg}} '''Keiichi:''' No, no, you don't know me, but I've heard of you before.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 keiichi 04.ogg}} '''Keiichi:''' I ran into some trouble a while back, asked Kurisu for some help, and he said you were the one that resolved the situation.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 keiichi 05.ogg}} '''Keiichi:''' Kurisu is always telling us that repaying favors is all the more important for us as merchants.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 keiichi 06.ogg}} '''Keiichi:''' If you're on the receiving end of someone's kindness, you can't let it go unacknowledged. So, I tried to pick out something that I thought you might like...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Something... you thought I might like?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 keiichi 07.ogg}} '''Keiichi:''' That's right! So here it is &mdash; some confectionery from Yumeno Tennenan, a fine purveyor of Inazuman delicacies. Each one costs a small fortune.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 keiichi 08.ogg}} '''Keiichi:''' I thought this would be the only fitting way to repay someone of your stature!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 keiichi 09.ogg}} '''Keiichi:''' Not to mention that the value of your assistance far outweighs the value of my gift.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 keiichi 10.ogg}} '''Keiichi:''' Do you like it?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' ...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, I don't know how you did it, but you managed to cater to my tastes perfectly.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I humbly accept your gift. Keep up the good work in your line of business, and if you have any further problems, feel free to come find me.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 keiichi 11.ogg}} '''Keiichi:''' I will! Thanks again, Thoma!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 keiichi 12.ogg}} '''Keiichi:''' I'll leave you in peace now. Have a good day!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You too, goodbye.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 14.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Pretty high-energy guy, huh.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 15.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You wanna try, {{Traveler}}? This store is indeed renowned in Inazuma. In fact, demand is so high that it's very difficult to come by their products.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 16.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' They're all handmade by top chefs, and the flavor is as authentic as it gets.
:{{DIcon}} Tastes pretty good.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 17.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Great, I'm glad you like it.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 18.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'll see about trying to make my own when I get the chance. They're made to a traditional family recipe though, so replicating them won't be easy.
:{{DIcon}} Your cooking is better.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 19.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha... you flatter me.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 20.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The store is at least a few decades old, and the chefs who make these have been at it their whole lives. Not sure my ability is on par with that...
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 21.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But if you're happy to be my taste-tester on a regular-enough basis, maybe one day I'll be able to reach their level.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 22.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Okay, that about wraps up our nostalgia trip to the International Trade Association. I think we've just seen about everything there is to see in the city.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911905 thoma 23.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Let's keep heading this way. We don't get to hang out all that often &mdash; it'd be a shame to head back so soon.
----
;(Roam the streets with Thoma)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911906 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' With the change of seasons, Ritou gives me a different feeling each time I come.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911906 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hmm... maybe it's not entirely to do with the seasons. Anyway, the main point is, I'm happy to be here with you this time.
----
;(Talk to Thoma)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I come to this place every time I visit Ritou.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The view here isn't as spectacular as on [[Narukami Island]], but if you're looking for a relaxing spot, you can't beat this one.
;(Before "Transient Dreams")
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I believe that the Sakoku Decree will be repealed one day, and this place will flourish again like it did in the old days.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' When the winds of freedom finally blow away the gloom... I think I'll have to ask milady for a long vacation, so I can take a trip back home.
;(After "Transient Dreams")
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 27.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' And I'm sure it'll be bustling with life again soon enough now that the Sakoku Decree's been abolished.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 28.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Once I'm on top of things, I think I'll have to ask milady for a long vacation, so I can take a trip back home. I don't see that happening anytime soon, though... I have a long list of things to get through.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Alright, time to call it a day. Let's head back.
:{{DIcon}} Hold on.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hmm? Not ready to leave yet?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Come to think of it, I do have a couple more places I could take you...
:{{DIcon}} I have a gift for you, too.
:{{DIcon}} I want to repay your kindness, too.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, there's no need for that.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The whole reason I took you out was to thank you for all the help you gave us during the Vision Hunt Decree.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' As long as you enjoyed yourself, that's all I could ask for. You don't have to give me a gift.
:{{DIcon}} But I think you'll like it.
:{{DIcon}} It's nothing expensive.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Really? Okay, well now I'm excited!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Oh my... it's...
:{{DIcon}} A [[Windwheel Aster]].
:{{DIcon}} A little something from Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' ...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 14.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' This really... I wasn't expecting this.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 15.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'm a little lost for words... This gift is... invaluable.
:{{DIcon}} It didn't cost anything...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 16.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I know, but I don't mean its material value. I'm talking about its value to me specifically.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 17.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Let me put it this way. The confectionery I received from that merchant earlier &mdash; thoughtful gift, don't get me wrong, but at the end of the day, I know it's mostly transactional.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 18.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I helped him out, so it's standard procedure for him to get a gift for me in return. Also, he picked a brand of fancy confectionery that he thought would meet me at my level, and make it easier for him to approach me with any future requests.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 19.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' If you lend Mora to someone, you can guarantee that any gift you receive in return will have been chosen according to its material value.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 20.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But the gift you just gave me can't be weighed in the same terms.
:{{DIcon}} I'm just glad you like it.
:{{DIcon}} I don't want anything in return.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 21.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Okay, well... at least take this in return.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 22.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' It's an omamori I always carry with me. Again, nothing expensive.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 23.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But it can bring the bearer good luck... seriously, I'm not making that up. My father told me.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 24.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' He gave it to my mom, and she gave it to me just before I came to Inazuma.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 25.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Who knows, maybe this omamori was the only reason I survived the storm and made it to Inazuma in the first place.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911907 thoma 26.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Whatever the truth of it is, I'd like you to have it.
;(Obtain {{Item|Lucky Omamori}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: A Lingering Fragrance===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = A Lingering Fragrance
|character       = Thoma
|act             = 1
|description     = Hopefully, this omamori can bring you more good luck.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Trip for Two in Ritou
|zhs     = 离岛双人游
|zhs_rm  = Lídǎo Shuāngrén-yóu
|zht     = 離島雙人遊
|zht_rm  = Lídǎo Shuāngrén-yóu
|zh_tl   = Trip for Two in Ritou
|ja      = 離島の二人旅
|ja_rm   = Ritou no Futari Tabi
|ja_tl   = A Trip for Two in Ritou
|ko      = 둘만의 이도(離島) 여행
|ko_rm   = Dulman-ui Ido Yeohaeng
|ko_tl   = A Ritou Trip Just for Two
|es      = Un viaje por Ritou
|es_tl   = A Trip Through Ritou
|fr      = Un voyage pour deux à Ritou
|fr_tl   = A Trip for Two in Ritou
|ru      = Путешествие для двоих в Рито
|ru_tl   = A Trip for Two in Ritou
|th      = Ritou สำหรับเราสอง
|th_rm   = Ritou Samrap Rao Song
|th_tl   = Ritou Just for Two of Us
|vi      = Chuyến Du Lịch Hai Người
|vi_tl   = A Trip for Two People
|de      = Ein Ausflug für zwei in Ritou
|de_tl   = A Trip for Two in Ritou
|id      = Jalan-Jalan Berdua di Ritou
|id_tl   = A Trip for Two in Ritou
|pt      = Diversão a dois em Ritou
|pt_tl   = Fun for Two in Ritou
|tr      = Ritou'ya İki Kişilik Bir Gezi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Viaggio per due a Ritou
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}