{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 10202; 10203
|image         = Story Quest A Very Volatile Treasure.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Trifolium Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = True Treasure
|character     = Klee
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|prev          = The Mystery of the Girl in Red's Treasure
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*400;Primogem*60;Mora*18,000;Teachings of Freedom*5;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|characters    = Jean;Klee;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''A Very Volatile Treasure''' is the third and final part of {{Quest|True Treasure}}.

==Steps==
# Go back to the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters|Knights' headquarters]] and report to [[Jean]]
# Find the door of the confinement room in the Knights' headquarters

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Klee]]'s highly explosive "treasure" proved to be a remarkably swift solution to the [[Abyss Mage]] problem. However, she fled the scene after the explosion. Confused, you decide to return to the Knights headquarters and report the matter to Jean...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go back to the Knights' headquarters and report to Jean)
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Klee? You're here too?
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I... *sobbing* I turned myself in.
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Huh?
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' *sobbing* I... M&mdash;My bomb... I&mdash;I hurt someone...
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' *sobbing* I broke the rules... I'll never see the light of day again...
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Klee, I need you to answer me. You said someone was injured. Where are they?
:{{DIcon}} Wait! There's been a misunderstanding.
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Why is that?
:{{DIcon}} The person that Klee blew up was an Abyss Mage.
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' But... But Mr. Fluffball was only a thief... He didn't deserve to blow up...
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, come on now... Paimon already told you that the Abyss Mages are the bad guys...
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And actually, they're the worst kind of bad guys you can imagine. They don't just hate the good guys, they hate all people... Their enemy is... humanity itself.
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 klee 05.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Mr. Fluffball... was a bad guy on purpose? ...Mr. Fluffball is the enemy of humanity!?
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 klee 06.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Wha... what!? I don't get it!
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' This was an oversight on my part.
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 qin 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I did not tell you these things before because you are still young.
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 qin 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' In fact, the [[Abyss Order]] is a hostile force in Mondstadt which has been unusually active lately.
:{{DIcon}} Because of Mondstadt's most powerful treasure?
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aha, that's it! Paimon understands now!
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They were tracking down poor Klee because they'd heard rumors about her treasure!
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just like the way Paimon's first reaction was to try and get her hands on... ahh, no&mdash; to try and get the facts on the treasure.
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 klee 07.ogg}} '''Klee:''' So... does that mean...
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 qin 06.ogg}} '''Jean:''' In light of your contribution on this matter, I will allow you to take part in the next [[Ludi Harpastum]].
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 klee 08.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Ludi Harpastum! Whoa!
:{{DIcon}} You got very lucky!
:{{DIcon}} I'm so happy for you!
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 klee 09a.ogg}} {{A|vo kllq003 1 klee 09b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' {{MC|Mr.|Miss|mc=1}} Honorary Knight, you've gotta come too!
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woop-de-doo, it's a happy ending!
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 qin 07.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Except...
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Except what?
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 qin 08.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Klee, where did you hide the treasure to begin with?
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 klee 10.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I... Um...
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 qin 09.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Were you trying to blow up the fish in [[Starfell Lake]] again?
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 klee 11.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I wasn't! I swear I wasn't!
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (She's giving us that look that means, play along...)
:{{DIcon}} (Uh-oh, Jean noticed it too...)
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 qin 10.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Klee?
:{{A|vo kllq003 1 klee 12.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I'll see myself to {{Color|buzzword|solitary confinement}}... *sobbing*
:{{A|vo kllq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon bets Klee must get bored in there all by herself...

;(Talk to Jean)
:{{A|vo dialog kllq003 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' *sigh* Klee is no ordinary child. In fact, she holds the title of Spark Knight within our ranks.
:{{A|vo dialog kllq003 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way! Even Klee gets to be a [[Knight of Favonius]]!?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon sounds jealous...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds more impressive than "Honorary Knight."
:{{A|vo dialog kllq003 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes! Paimon thinks this is quite unjust!
:{{A|vo dialog kllq003 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Although... The name kinda makes sense considering what Klee's treasure does.
:{{A|vo dialog kllq003 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Yes. She causes her fair share of trouble for the Knights of Favonius, but we care a great deal about her.
:{{A|vo dialog kllq003 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' As for her background...
:{{A|vo dialog kllq003 qin 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' In short, you will understand her more as time goes by.
:{{A|vo dialog kllq003 qin 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Please keep an eye on her in the future, {{Traveler}}.

----
;(Find the door of the confinement room in Knights' headquarters)
:{{A|vo kllq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess whooo~?
:{{A|vo kllq003 3 klee 01.ogg}} '''???:''' That's Paimon's voice I hear!
:{{DIcon}} Need help busting out of this joint?
:{{DIcon}} Need a bite to eat or anything?
:{{A|vo kllq003 3 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Ooh, ooh, yes, please! Wait &mdash; no, I... I can't. Klee needs to be a good girl and think about what she did... Stop tempting me!
:{{A|vo kllq003 3 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Anyway, while I'm grounded, I'm making an extra-special new treasure... the Ludi Harpastum version!
:{{A|vo kllq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When you say "treasure..."
:{{A|vo kllq003 3 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Tee-hee... I made it into the shape of a harpastum and everything! It looks so cute...
:{{DIcon}} You disguised a bomb as a harpastum!?
:{{DIcon}} So... another bomb?
:{{A|vo kllq003 3 klee 05.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Just wait for Ludi Harpastum, oh yeah... They're gonna love it!
:{{A|vo kllq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeesh, if Jean was listening to this...
:{{A|vo kllq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Klee might find herself grounded for an awful lot longer.
;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Klee again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog kllq003 klee 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' *sob* I'll be more careful next time...
:{{A|vo dialog kllq003 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Next time, I'll complete a big heroic adventure all by myself, and I'll do it safely!
:{{A|vo dialog kllq003 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I've heard that the [[Adventurers' Guild]] has its own set of rules. I wonder if I could get them to...
:{{A|vo dialog kllq003 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeesh, if [[Cyrus (Mondstadt)|Cyrus]] was listening to this...
:{{A|vo dialog kllq003 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He would be begging Jean to extend Klee's sentence!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Very Volatile Treasure
|zhs     = 「骑士团的宝物」其人
|zhs_rm  = "Qíshìtuán de Bǎowù" Qí Rén
|zht     = 「騎士團的寶物」其人
|zht_rm  = "Qíshìtuán de Bǎowù" Qí Rén
|zh_tl   = The Person of "The Knights' Treasure"
|ja      = 「騎士団の宝物」
|ja_rm   = "Kishidan no Takaramono"
|ja_tl   = "Knights' Treasure"
|ko      = 「기사단의 보물」
|ko_rm   = "Gisadan-ui Bomul"
|ko_tl   = "Knights' Treasure"
|es      = El tesoro de los Caballeros de Favonius
|es_tl   = The Treasure of the Knights of Favonius
|fr      = Un trésor pas comme les autres
|fr_tl   = A Treasure Like No Other
|ru      = «Сокровище» Ордо Фавониус
|ru_tl   = The Knights' of Favonius "Treasure"
|th      = "สมบัติของกองอัศวิน"
|th_rm   = "Sombat Khong Kong At-sa-win
|th_tl   = "The Knights' Tressure"
|vi      = Bảo Vật Của Đội Kỵ Sĩ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Schatz des Ritterordens
|de_tl   = The Treasure of the Knightorder
|id      = "Harta" Knights of Favonius
|id_tl   = Knights of Favonius' "Treasure"
|pt      = Um Tesouro Muito Volátil
|pt_tl   = A Very Volatile Treasure
|tr      = Yanar Döner Bir Hazine
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un tesoro estremamente volatile
|it_tl   = An Extremely Volatile Treasure
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:El tesoro de los Caballeros de Favonius]]
[[ja:「騎士団の宝物」]]
[[pt-br:Um Tesouro Muito Volátil]]