{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41340
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|requirement   = Complete [[Wangshu Once Again]]
|startLocation = [[Bubu Pharmacy]], [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Mora*20,000;Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)*100
|characters    = Guanhai; Herbalist Gui; Traveler; Zhihua
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
}}
'''''A Very Festive Problem''''' is the fifth request in Part II of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the sixth day of the event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Herbalist Gui]]
#* Obtain {{Item|Herbalist Gui's Medicine}}
# Deliver medicine to the people in the area (0/2)
#*[[Guanhai]] and [[Zhihua]]
# Report back to Herbalist Gui
# Give a {{Item|Xiao Lantern}} to Herbalist Gui
# Wait until the following night (20 - 24)
# Head to the designated location to look for Herbalist Gui

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Bubu Pharmacy]]'s [[Herbalist Gui]] is racking his brains about something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Herbalist Gui)
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' I'm sorry to trouble you during this festive time, Traveler, but we're a little in over our heads at the moment. The number of people requiring medicine from Bubu Pharmacy always peaks during the Lantern Rite period.
:{{DIcon}} Why does that happen...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' During the Lantern Rite, everyone puts their work aside to spend time with their families. Of course, there will be all manner of banquets, with fine food and drink flowing all around...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Suddenly, everyone's got indigestion, or else they're coming down with some malady or other...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' I'm always encouraging people to not eat too much, but during a food-driven festival like this, my advice tends to fall on deaf ears.
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Just now, a few more customers contacted me, asking if I could bring them some medicine for indigestion and other stomach problems. But I can't simply stop manning the pharmacy...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Traveler, if it's alright with you, could you help me deliver some medicine?
:{{DIcon}} Where are [[Baizhu]] and [[Qiqi]]?
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' Qiqi went out to gather some herbs and still isn't back yet... It's highly possible that she might have gotten lost somewhere due to her poor memory again...
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' As for Dr. Baizhu, I think he's probably doing some medical research or something else of that nature. Either way, it's not my place to ask.
:{{DIcon}} Isn't there anyone else who can help?
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' Well... No one else at the pharmacy is free at the moment...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' So I'm afraid it's all up to you for now, Traveler...
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Thank you. Here's the medicine. Please get them to Guanhai and Zhihua as quickly as you can.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Herbalist Gui's Medicine|x=2}})

;(Talk to Herbalist Gui again)
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' I wonder if we have enough herbs left...
----
;(Talk to Guanhai)
:'''Guanhai:''' Ow, ow, ow... It hurts... Excuse me? D&mdash;Did you want something?
:{{DIcon}} Here's some medicine from Herbalist Gui...
:'''Guanhai:''' Wow, thanks! Just what I ordered... Fast turnaround time, I must say.
:'''Guanhai:''' Ahh, I feel better already. Must've caught a chill last night from the sea breeze, I'll wager.
:{{DIcon}} No indigestion for you?
:'''Guanhai:''' Hah, indigestion? Me? I'll have you know that I have an iron stomach &mdash; why, I ate three grilled fish in one sitting for my last meal!
:'''Guanhai:''' Even now, not one of my friends can match my prowess at eating and drinking.
:'''Guanhai:''' Alright, enough about that. I'd better finish this medicine real quick &mdash; I've got a drinking session to get to.
:{{DIcon}} Make sure to take care of yourself.
:{{DIcon}} Don't wait until your health is ruined.
:'''Guanhai:''' Hahaha, oh, don't worry about me. I'm not some old fogey!
:'''Guanhai:''' Still, thanks for the concern. I'll be careful.

;(Talk to Guanhai again)
:'''Guanhai:''' Ahh, that's much better... Now, what should I eat later, I wonder?
----
;(Talk to Zhihua)
:'''Zhihua:''' Ugh, I must've eaten something that didn't agree with me...
:{{DIcon}} Here's some medicine from Herbalist Gui...
:'''Zhihua:''' Oh, thank you. This is that stomach medicine I asked him for, isn't it? I think I might be getting indigestion... my stomach's feeling mighty terrible right now.
:'''Zhihua:''' I was just strolling through the city streets, having a bite to eat here and there, and before I knew it, I'd overeaten ...<!--extra space before ellipsis in game-->
:{{DIcon}} What did you eat?
:'''Zhihua:''' Hmm, fried rice, raw fish, some fruit, lots and lots of shrimp... Ah yes, and some excellent wine!
:{{DIcon}} Well, that explains it...
:{{DIcon}} You shouldn't overindulge, even during a festival.
:'''Zhihua:''' Well, that's what medicine is for, isn't it? Think about it &mdash; what's the point of a festival if you can't eat whatever you like?
:'''Zhihua:''' Thanks for bringing the medicine, either way. I should probably take this opportunity to rest as well.

;(Talk to Zhihua again)
:'''Zhihua:''' Argh, I need to take a breather...
----
;(Talk to Herbalist Gui)
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Thanks for your help. Have all the medicines been delivered?
:{{DIcon}} I don't think any of them learned their lesson...
:{{DIcon}} You're likely to hear from them again soon...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Well, there's not much we can do about that. Stomach problems won't go away unless you watch your lifestyle. The best we can do is treat the symptoms whenever they show up.
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' But I suppose that I can rest easy for now, at least...
:{{DIcon}} So, what about Xiao Lanterns...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Oh... We don't generally release lanterns. The whole point of Xiao Lanterns is to make a wish, right? Well... What sort of wish would Bubu Pharmacy even make?
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Other businesses may wish for their business to thrive and boom, but a pharmacy is in the business of curing disease and saving lives... we can't exactly wish for more sick people, can we?
:{{DIcon}} You've got a good heart, Gui.
:{{DIcon}} You're an honest man.
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Heh... Well, on a more personal level, of course I'd love to join in. I mean, it is a festival...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' But I haven't made much headway in constructing a Xiao Lantern. These last few days have been much too busy...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' I can only steal a few moments during my breaks to work on it, and even then I'm sure the Lantern Rite will be over by the time I finish...
:{{DIcon}} I can help.
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' W&mdash;Will you really? Wow, thank you so much!
----
;(Talk to Herbalist Gui after obtaining a {{Item|Xiao Lantern}})
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Ah, it's you. Have you finished that Xiao Lantern?
:{{DIcon}} Here it is.
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Thank you ever so much.
:;(Give the {{Item|Xiao Lantern}})
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' This lantern is both well-shaped and sturdy. Heh, my craftmanship pales in comparison to yours...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' In that case, we'll release this lantern later at night. I know a good spot.
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' In the meantime, I need to think of what I should wish for...

;(Talk to Herbalist Gui again)
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' What should I wish for...
----
;(Talk to Herbalist Gui at the designated location)
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Ah, you're here. I've already written my wish on the lantern.
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' This is good timing... Let's release this lantern.
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' As for my wish... I ultimately wished for everyone in Liyue to be healthy and well.
:{{DIcon}} And as for Bubu Pharmacy's business?
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Well, this was my personal wish, after all.
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' I put prescriptions together because I do not wish for people to be tormented by illness.
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' There's an old saying that sums this up nicely: "Dusty old medicine sat on the shelf, a small price to pay for a world of good health."
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Not to mention that I'd be less busy if everyone remained healthy! That'd be a good thing, in my books...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' ...Oh no! I've suddenly remembered! There's still a customer I haven't delivered medicine to...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' I'm sorry &mdash; I have to go! Happy Lantern Rite!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Very Festive Problem
|zhs     = 佳节里的小问题
|zhs_rm  = Jiājié Lǐ de Xiǎo Wèntí
|zht     = 佳節裡的小問題
|zht_rm  = Jiājié Lǐ de Xiǎo Wèntí
|zh_tl   = A Little Problem in the Festive Day
|ja      = めでたい日の小さな問題
|ja_rm   = Medetai hi no chiisana mondai
|ja_tl   = A Little Problem in the Festive Day
|ko      = 명절의 골칫거리
|ko_rm   = Myeongjeol-ui Golchitgeori
|ko_tl   = A Nuisance of the Holidays
|es      = Los pequeños problemas del festival
|es_tl   = The Small Problems of the Festival
|fr      = Une ombre à la fête
|fr_tl   = A Shadow at the Festival
|ru      = Праздничные недуги
|ru_tl   = Festive Diseases
|th      = ปัญหาเล็กน้อยในช่วงเทศกาล
|th_rm   = Panha Leknoi nai Chuang Thetsakan
|th_tl   = A Little Problem in the Festive Day
|vi      = Rắc rối nhỏ trong ngày tết
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein kleines, festliches Problem
|de_tl   = A Small, Festive Problem
|id      = Masalah Kecil di Hari Raya
|id_tl   = Small Problem in the Festive Day
|pt      = Problemas Pequenos do Festival
|pt_tl   = Small Problems of the Festival
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[ja:めでたい日の小さな問題]]
[[ru:Праздничные недуги]]