{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19009
|image         = Hangout Event A Very Special Beverage.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Barbara
|actNum        = I
|act           = Wellspring of Healing
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|prev          = The Church's Affairs
|characters    = Barbara; Herman; Paimon; Schulz; Susie; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Very Special Beverage''''' is the third quest of the [[The Church's Affairs]] branch of {{Quest|Wellspring of Healing}}.

==Steps==
# Look for Barbara around The Cat's Tail
# Persuade [[Susie]]
# Persuade [[Herman]]
# Persuade [[Schulz]]
# Talk to Barbara
# Follow Barbara

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After helping to clean up the Cathedral, you get ready to meet [[Barbara]] at The Cat's Tail.}}
===The Cat's Tail's Specialty===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Look for Barbara around The Cat's Tail)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Look at that crowd of people! And there's Barbara!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's going on here?
----
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Uh... Th&mdash;Thank you for all your support... P&mdash;Please, one at a time...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 schulz 01.ogg}} '''Schulz:''' Barbara-sama, I never expected I would have a chance to meet you here today! Are you here attending to matters for the Church?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Ah, I&mdash;I guess you could say that...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 herman 01.ogg}} '''Herman:''' Barbara-sama, may I get your autograph?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 herman 02.ogg}} '''Herman:''' I&mdash; My daughter [[Ellin]] is a big fan of yours...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, is that so? Hehe... A&mdash;Alright, just one moment...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 susie 01.ogg}} '''Susie:''' Oh gosh... Barbara-sama, I love your style! Please tell me how I can be more like you!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' O&mdash;Oh, really? Well, I&mdash;I am still learning and growing myself...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I&mdash;I guess all I can say is... Do your best every day!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 schulz 02.ogg}} '''Schulz:''' Oh, Barbara-sama!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 herman 03.ogg}} '''Herman:''' Barbara-sama!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 susie 02.ogg}} '''Susie:''' Barbara-sama...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Ohh... Oh my...
:{{DIcon}} (Looks like we might need to intervene...)
:{{DIcon}} (Barbara needs rescuing from the crowd...)
----
;(Talk to Herman)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900903 herman 01.ogg}} '''Herman:''' Barbara-sama, can I get an autograph? Ellin would be so happy, she's your biggest fan!
:{{DIcon}} Barbara's currently on leave, please don't disturb her. (&minus;1 Heart)
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900903 herman 02.ogg}} '''Herman:''' Uh... If she's on leave then... an autograph won't be a problem. Right?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900903 herman 03.ogg}} '''Herman:''' Barbara-sama, I &mdash; ahem, my daughter, eh-he &mdash; would love an autograph. Ellin really is your biggest fan!
::{{DIcon}} (Uh oh...)
:;(Failed to persuade Herman)
:{{DIcon}} You won't mind if I check in with Ellin on that? Looks like she's training, right over th&mdash;
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900903 herman 04.ogg}} '''Herman:''' Ah!? W&mdash;Wait! I, uh...
::{{DIcon}} Barbara is on official business right now.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900903 herman 05.ogg}} '''Herman:''' Oh, is that right! Well then, uh... I'll leave her to it. Ellin looks busy with her training, some other time perhaps...
:;(Succeeded to persuade Herman)

;(Talk to Schulz)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900902 schulz 01.ogg}} '''Schulz:''' Oh, Barbara-sama! You're so hard-working... If I put in as much effort as you, who knows where my apprenticeship would take me!
:{{DIcon}} Barbara's currently on leave, please don't disturb her. (&minus;1 Heart)
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900902 schulz 02.ogg}} '''Schulz:''' Barbara-sama? On leave? Phew... For a moment, I thought I was disturbing her work...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900902 schulz 03.ogg}} '''Schulz:''' Barbara-sama! Can I get an autograph?
::{{DIcon}} (This is bad...)
:;(Failed to persuade Schulz)
:{{DIcon}} Barbara's working right now, please don't disturb her.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900902 schulz 04.ogg}} '''Schulz:''' You... You must be the Honorary Knight! What are you and Barbara-sama doing he&mdash;
::{{DIcon}} We're... on official business.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900902 schulz 05.ogg}} '''Schulz:''' Uh... Of course! Barbara-sama is working after all... Forgive me, I'll leave you in peace.
:;(Succeeded to persuade Schulz)

;(Talk to Susie)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900904 susie 01.ogg}} '''Susie:''' Please, Barbara-sama, teach me your style! How can I be more like you?
:{{DIcon}} Please don't disturb her, Barbara's currently on leave. (&minus;1 Heart)
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900904 susie 02.ogg}} '''Susie:''' Oh &mdash; perfect! I've got so much to learn from Barbara-sama. She'd never have the time if she was working...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900904 susie 03.ogg}} '''Susie:''' Please, Barbara-sama, teach me your style! How can I be more like you?
::{{DIcon}} (Darn...)
:;(Failed to persuade Susie)
:{{DIcon}} If it's Barbara's style you're after, you could start by being considerate to others.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900904 susie 04.ogg}} '''Susie:''' Uhh, sure... considerate to others... Huh? Aren't you that Honorary Knight? You and Barbara-sama must be...
::{{DIcon}} Uh &mdash; we're... on official business.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900904 susie 05.ogg}} '''Susie:''' Official business? Oh, I&mdash;I thought... Apologies. I&mdash;I just got so excited when I saw Barbara-sama...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900904 susie 06.ogg}} '''Susie:''' Yes, you're right... Being considerate to others is the right place to start.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900904 susie 07.ogg}} '''Susie:''' ...Barbara-sama and the Honorary Knight in the same place &mdash; this must be incredibly important official business... I&mdash;I'll take my leave.
:;(Succeeded to persuade Susie)

;(If you managed to persuade everyone)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Huh? Where did everybody...
:{{DIcon}} They came to their senses once I'd given them the lowdown.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' The lowdown... You mean, you persuaded them to leave for now...?
:{{DIcon}} I temporarily persuaded them to beat it.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Whew... I shouldn't be saying this but... thanks for intervening.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I understand everybody's enthusiasm, but the longer I stay here the more people will gather. It's always been that way.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I just don't know how to turn them away. In the end, the Knights of Favonius always have to come and restore order.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' *sigh* If only I had your way with words...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Here, it's the Fantastic Summer-Serendipity Coral Sparkling Tea you wanted. I ordered this one especially for you.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I hardly ever get a day off. Why don't we... take a stroll outside the city together and finish our drinks?
:;(Continue to [[#Deaconess's Time Off|Deaconess's Time Off]])

;(If you failed to persuade Susie, Schulz or Herman)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Please, there's no need to rush... One at a time...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I'm sorry, can you wait a bit longer? I'm still on a break...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 susie 01.ogg}} '''Susie:''' Barbara-sama! There's still so much I want to learn from you!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 herman 01.ogg}} '''Herman:''' It would make me&mdash; uh, my daughter so happy, Barbara-sama!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 schulz 01.ogg}} '''Schulz:''' Barbara-sama! Don't forget my autograph!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Please! Settle down, I&mdash;
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 susie 02.ogg}} '''Susie:''' Oh &mdash; I think [[Monroe]] might want one too...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 schulz 02.ogg}} '''Schulz:''' And [[Wagner|Mr. Wagner]]! ...Wait, he wouldn't want one, would he...? Uh &mdash; let me ask him, though...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 herman 02.ogg}} '''Herman:''' Oh! A friend of mine was asking about autographs, Barbara-sama &mdash; make that two!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 12.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Ohh my...
:{{DIcon}} They're gonna keep asking for more and more...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 13.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' So sorry, please... H&mdash;Hold on a moment...
:{{Black Screen|''Barbara appeases her fans while the Traveler waits, and waits...''}}
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 14.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Whew... Sorry to keep you waiting so long.
:{{DIcon}} I've waited longer...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 15.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' You look like you're about to fall asleep! I feel terrible. It was me who invited you for a drink, and here I am wasting your time...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 16.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Here, it's the Fantastic Summer-Serendipity Coral Sparkling Tea you wanted. I ordered this one especially for you.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 17.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' At least Miss Margaret didn't make our drinks in advance. The flavor would've changed completely by now...
:{{DIcon}} You don't look too good...
:{{DIcon}} You look exhausted...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 18.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Hehe, how can I put this... Those relaxing moments of freedom in Wolvendom...? The rush just now kinda ruined that for me.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 19.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But as long as I can bring everybody a smile...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 20.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Although, perhaps you can stay with me a while longer? Let's take a stroll outside the city and finish our drinks.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900905 barbara 21.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' We have to seize every bit of free time we get, even if it only lasts a moment.
:;(Continue to [[#Deaconess's Time Off|Deaconess's Time Off]])

===Deaconess's Time Off===
;(While following Barbara)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' It's nice to finally relax for a while &mdash; thanks for accompanying me.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Come to think of it, this is the first time we've gone for a walk together.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' When I heard you'd received the title of Honorary Knight, I thought you'd turn out to be more of a solemn character.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But now that I've met you, I can't quite believe it. I never thought... O&mdash;Oh! I hope I'm not offending you!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' What I mean is, for someone as young as you to achieve the title of Honorary Knight... It's amazing!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Jean... must really believe in you to grant you this title.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I hope I can be as great as you one day, so I can help everybody around me too.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But for now... all I can do is sing.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' ...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Ah! So sorry, always thinking about myself...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' ...We've walked a long way &mdash; why don't we take a break up ahead?
----
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 12.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' It looks so peaceful here, nobody's passing through except us. Let's rest for a while.
:{{DIcon}} Just now, in the city... why didn't you just tell them you were on leave and walk away?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 13.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' There's more than one answer to that question.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 14.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' A deaconess shouldn't ever be self-interested or let other people down...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 15.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But at the end of the day, it's like my father said: I just don't know how to turn people away.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 16.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' My father and Sister Victoria always told me, if I wanted to become a proper deaconess, I would have to learn how to turn away others.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 17.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But I've never been able to... When I see somebody in need, I lend a hand without a second thought.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 18.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' If I see somebody struggling, I want to help them solve the problem. If somebody comes to me with a request, I can't help but do my best.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 19.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' No matter how tiring, I'm happy as long as I can bring a smile to everybody.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 20.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' *sigh* Perhaps... I'm not a proper deaconess after all.
:{{DIcon}} That sudden crowd back there in the city... you must be exhausted.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 21.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Hehe, I'm so used to it by now, but thanks for wanting to intervene.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 22.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Usually, the Knights of Favonius end up arriving to restore order. Then someone from the Church comes to escort me away.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 23.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' It's happened so many times already, I don't really notice it anymore.
::{{DIcon}} Isn't it a little exhausting?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 24.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Of course! More than a little, to say the least...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 25.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But exhaustion for the sake of not letting everybody down is okay.
:{{DIcon}} What's the Barbara Fan Club?
:;(This dialogue option is locked behind the specific dialogue choices you made up to now, see the section below on how to unlock this)
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 26.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Heh, that thing? Uhh... It's a group of my Mondstadt... supporters.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 27.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But I'm usually in the Cathedral. The knights and sisters stationed outside the Church won't let them in.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 28.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' So they support me in other ways &mdash; cleaning the Cathedral, helping their fellow citizens with difficult matters, stuff like that.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 29.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' It's... very considerate, though sometimes they get carried away.
::{{DIcon}} And how many members does the group have?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 30.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Uh, I'm not really sure... but of the ones I know, there's Mr. Albert and Mr. Huffman.
::{{DIcon}} Ah yes, the knight...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 31.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, do you know Mr. Huffman? He's a very strict knight, not to mention disciplined.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 32.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' He's never asked for my autograph or tried to make conversation. Every time he comes to the Cathedral on official business, his face is a picture of seriousness.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 33.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I'd never have known if I hadn't overheard Mr. Albert talking about it.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 34.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' When I found out, I had someone deliver my autograph to him. I hope he was happy with it.
:{{DIcon}} I get the feeling you're more popular than the average sister...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 35.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Yeah, it's a little embarrassing... Do you know what an "idol" is?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 36.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I guess you've heard that I... sometimes sing for the people in Mondstadt?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 37.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I can use the power of my Vision to heal physical wounds, but it's no use on someone afflicted by sadness.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 38.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I found out in a magazine that there was such a thing as an "idol."
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 39.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' In the magazine, it said that an idol was... a person that spreads love and hope through song and dance.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 40.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I don't know if it's really possible, but... at least the residents of Mondstadt seem to like my singing.
::{{DIcon}} There was once an idol who stopped a war with their singing.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 41.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' R&mdash;Really? That's so impressive...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 42.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Do you know that idol? They sound like a mighty Vision bearer.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 43.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Still, using song and dance to heal the sick of heart... It's easier said than done.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 44.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I don't know if I'm up to it. I'm not even very good at being a deaconess...
::{{DIcon}} Why, sure you are.
::{{DIcon}} You're already a very gifted healer.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 45.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Aw, if that really is true... then that's amazing.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 46.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' ...Thank you. It's been a long time since I've had such a long conversation, and it's all me complaining! Thanks for listening.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 47.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' The support of an Honorary Knight goes a long way!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 48.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' *sigh* So... we've still not finished our drinks! Let's finish them off while we're here.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900906 barbara 49.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' We can rest today, but it's back to the grindstone tomorrow.

===Ending: A Holiday in Mondstadt===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = A Holiday in Mondstadt
|character       = Barbara
|act             = 1
|description     = "We've only just met, it's too early to say goodbye."...
}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===To be sorted===
* {{A|vo bblcop001 1900901 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Barbara needs saving.

===Unlocking the "What's the Barbara Fan Club?" dialogue option===
In order to unlock this dialogue option you must choose specific dialogue options along the way. Any dialogue choices not listed in these steps don't matter.

# ''(Talk to Sister Victoria and find Barbara in Wolvendom)''
# Tell Barbara: '''Just wait here, we'll go send that person away.''' ([[Sister Victoria's Vexation]])
# Tell Albert: '''Hold on, what's the Barbara Fan Club?''' ([[Sudden Shouting]])
# Tell Albert: '''Wolvendom is a large area, it would be difficult for you to cover it alone. You should find some others to help you search first.''' ([[Sudden Shouting]], &minus;1 Point)
# Tell Albert: '''How can you be certain she's out here picking Wolfhooks? She might not even be anywhere nearby here.''' ([[Sudden Shouting]], ±0 Points)
# Tell Albert: '''But do you hear her now? Barbara-sama may have already left the area a while ago.''' ([[Sudden Shouting]], &minus;1 Point)
# ''(Accept the Red Wolfhooks from Albert and return to Barbara to leave Wolvendom with her)'' ([[Sudden Shouting]])
# Tell Barbara: '''Leave it to us!''' ([[The Church's Affairs]])
# ''(Return to Sister Victoria, clean the Cathedral grounds, and talk to Barbara)''
# Tell Barbara: '''Fantastic Summer-Serendipity Coral Sparkling Tea does sound pretty amazing.''' ([[The Church's Affairs]], Branch 1)
# ''(The "What's the Barbara Fan Club?" dialogue option is now unlocked)''

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Very Special Beverage
|zhs     = 与众不同的饮品
|zhs_rm  = Yǔzhòngbùtóng de Yǐnpǐn
|zht     = 與眾不同的飲品
|zht_rm  = Yǔzhòngbùtóng de Yǐnpǐn
|zh_tl   = A Drink that Stands Out from the Rest
|ja      = 類い稀なドリンク
|ja_rm   = Tagui Mare-na Dorinku
|ja_tl   = A Kind of Rare Drink
|ko      = 색다른 음료
|ko_rm   = Saekdareun Eumryo
|ko_tl   = An Unconventional Drink
|es      = Una bebida especial
|es_tl   = A Special Drink
|fr      = Une boisson pas comme une autre
|fr_tl   = A Drink Like No Other
|ru      = Очень необычный напиток
|ru_tl   = A Very Unusual Drink
|th      = เครื่องดื่มที่ไม่เหมือนใคร
|th_rm   = Khrueang-duem thi Mai Muean Khrai
|th_tl   = An Unique Beverage
|vi      = Thức Uống Khác Lạ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein besonders spezielles Getränk
|de_tl   = A Very Special Beverage
|id      = Minuman yang Sangat Spesial
|id_tl   = A Very Special Beverage
|pt      = Uma Bebida Muito Especial
|pt_tl   = A Very Special Drink
|tr      = Çok Özel Bir İçecek
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Una bevanda davvero speciale
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[ja:類い稀なドリンク]]
[[tr:Çok Özel Bir İçecek]]