{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70046
|image         = Event Quest A Very Fishy Encounter.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Invasive Fish Wrangler
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Jala; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Fort Charybdis Ruins]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Morte Region
|subarea       = Fort Charybdis Ruins
|next          = An Invasion on Hold
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Invasive Fish Wrangler]] Event.
}}
'''''A Very Fishy Encounter''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Invasive Fish Wrangler]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the strange fisherman

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In waters south of [[Lumidouce Harbor]], you encounter a rather peculiar individual who calls herself an "Unchained Hunter." She's currently in the midst of doing everything she can to contain an impending ecological crisis...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Jala]])
:'''Jala:''' Perfect, it looks like I'm all set...
:'''Jala:''' Put your back into it, Jala! You'll round 'em all up in a few days!
:{{DIcon}} R&mdash;Round up?
:{{DIcon}} A p&mdash;poacher?
:'''Paimon:''' Eek! A poacher in Fontaine... Does animal trafficking make so much money nowadays?
:'''Paimon:''' Not on Paimon's watch! You're coming to the [[Maison Gardiennage]] with us!
:'''Jala:''' ...Huh. It's you two.
:'''Jala:''' Well, sure. I just came from the Maison, in fact. Need me to show you the way?
:'''Paimon:''' ?
:{{DIcon}} Good. I like straightforward people!
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, something's not right... You're not scared by the thought of being arrested at all. You must be a regular offender... Or maybe...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe... there's been a misunderstanding?
::'''Paimon:''' True. She's not scared by the thought of being arrested at all. She must be a regular offender... Or maybe...
:'''Jala:''' I could be standing on the right side of the law, eh?
:'''Jala:''' More accurately, the Maison has hired me as a special environmental protection consultant &mdash; an "Unchained Hunter."
:'''Jala:''' Specifically, I'm hunting invasive species of fish that have made their way into Fontaine's waters.
:'''Paimon:''' Invasive... species?
:{{DIcon}} That sounds familiar.
::'''Paimon:''' Right! Paimon thinks we heard about something like that back in [[Mondstadt]]...
:{{DIcon}} What's that?
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon's memory is fuzzy, but we heard about something like that in Mondstadt ages ago, she's sure of it...
:'''Jala:''' Well, let's not dwell on the past. What matters is the here and now.
:'''Jala:''' These invasive species were let loose by some merchants who hold strange beliefs.
:'''Jala:''' Some of the fish are extremely aggressive, others reproduce incredibly fast, and others were raised on special feed. All told, they're a huge problem for all the local aquatic life.
:'''Jala:''' If these fish occupy the habitats of local creatures and mess up the ecosystem, Fontaine's water quality might be affected.
:'''Jala:''' The impact on Fontainians' health might be something we'd only feel in the future. But the flavor of a drink like [[Fonta]] could change instantly, and that'll spell untold trouble for the economy.
:{{DIcon}} Fonta shall not fall! Not today!
:{{DIcon}} I don't really drink Fonta, but I understand its importance.
:'''Paimon:''' All this understatement makes the problem sound worse! We can't just sit back and do nothing!
:'''Paimon:''' Now, we're old hands at catching fish, so why don't we help you out?
:'''Jala:''' Yes! I've been waiting for you to say that!
:'''Jala:''' I've already set up a capture zone into which we can lure all those invasive fish using bait...
:'''Jala:''' So it's time to strut your stuff, Honorary Knight and Helper in White! As for me, I'll support you from the rear!
:'''Paimon:''' Is it just Paimon, or does she... understand us really well?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = A Very Fishy Encounter
|zhs      = 再遇异域鱼鱼？
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 再遇異域魚魚？
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 外来魚との再会？
|ja_rm    = Gairaigyo to no Saikai?
|ja_tl    = A Reunion with Invasive Fish?
|ko       = 또 만난 생태계 교란종?
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¿Otro encuentro con peces extraños?
|es_tl    = Another Encounter With Strange Fish?
|fr       = Encore des poissons bizarres ?
|fr_tl    = More Bizarre Fish?
|ru       = Встреча с инвазивными видами
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = เจอปลาต่างถิ่นอีกแล้ว?
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Gặp Lại Cá Lạ Ở Đất Khách?
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ein fischiges Aufeinandertreffen
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Pertemuan yang Bau Amis
|id_tl    = A Fishy-Smelling Encounter
|pt       = Um Encontro Suspeito
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Çok Şüpheli Bir Karşılaşma
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Un incontro sospetto
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.4}}

[[pt-br:Um Encontro Suspeito]]
[[ru:Встреча с инвазивными видами]]