{{Event
|name              = A Walk Through the Woods Topic Event
|image             = A Walk Through the Woods Topic Event.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-09-29 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-10-07 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/9473999
}}
{{Description|1=Olah! Hello, Travelers~ How was your trip to the woods? Have you run into the Aranara yet?<br />[https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20220929-chess/index.html?game_biz=hk4e_global&mhy_presentation_style=fullscreen&mhy_auth_required=true&mhy_landscape=true&utm_source=hoyolab&utm_medium=post&utm_campaign=event >> Click to enter "A Walk Through the Woods" <<]<br />During the event, you are welcome to join the discussion with the topic [https://www.hoyolab.com/topicDetail/112136 #AWalkThroughTheWoods]. There will also be a chance to obtain extra gifts prepared by me!}}
'''A Walk Through the Woods Topic Event''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.1]].

==Event Duration==
September 29, 2022 – October 7, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)<br />
Results: The list of winners will be updated on this event post on October 18, 2022.

==How to Participate & Rewards==
During the event use the topic #AWalkThroughTheWoods to share your experience in the forest with a screenshot of the game in the Genshin Impact section for your participation to be considered successful.<br />
Interesting events that are triggered, beautiful photos, meetings with the Aranara, etc... Come and share them with me!<br />
I will randomly select 20 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to send them each a Genshin Impact Themed Mouse Mat (Random Design).<br />
In addition, during the event, I will appear in the comments section of posts within the #AWalkThroughTheWoodstopic from time to time. Travelers whose posts I've replied to will also receive a Genshin Impact Themed Mouse Mat (Random Design).

==Notes==
# Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Each Traveler can win only one merchandise prize during the event.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post or the comments violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
## After the list of winners is announced, if the winner deletes the post of the winning work, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}