{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19071
|image         = Hangout Event A Whole New Style.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Kaveh
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Pendulum of Weal and Woe
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Badawi; Kaveh; Mehrak; Setaria; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Land of Lower Setekh]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Land of Lower Setekh
|subarea       = 
|prev          = A Refuge in the Sands
|next          = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''A Whole New Style''''' is a quest in {{Quest|The Pendulum of Weal and Woe}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the trade route for the transport of construction materials
# Clear out the nearby monsters with the client's help
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Whirling Pyro Fungus*2;Stretchy Pyro Fungus*1}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Grounded Geoshroom*1;Stretchy Pyro Fungus*1}}
# Talk to the client
# Go to Aaru Village

==Gameplay Notes==
* During Step 2, Kaveh will join the team as a trial character. Badawi will also assist the player.
** Badawi has a moveset of an [[Eremite Crossbow]].

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8

|character_name          = Kaveh
|character_level8        = 88
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name             = Forest Regalia
|weapon_level8           = 88
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4
|artifact_level8         = 20

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 11

|hp8                     = 25,194
|atk8                    = 1,693
|def8                    = 879
|em8                     = 201
|er8                     = 164.3%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After hearing about the client's budget problems, Kaveh decides to adopt a more cost-effective and simplistic style.}}
===Field Study===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907101 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Most materials going from Caravan Ribat to Aaru Village would pass through here.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907101 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' There are a lot of monsters out here today. Let's clear the area. If you find it hard to keep up, just let us know.<ref group="Note">Actual voice-over: The sentence "Let's clear the area." is omitted.</ref>
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907101 badawi 01.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' Oh, don't worry about me, this is nothin'. I'll be careful though, and you should do the same.

;(After defeating the enemies)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 badawi 01.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' Phew... *grimace*...
:{{DIcon}} Are you hurt?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 badawi 02.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' I'm fine. Haha, I've spent my entire life fighting these kinds of monsters in the desert, after all. They won't get the best of me.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 badawi 03.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' But it's one thing to fight against monsters, and another to fight against an old injury... Ugh, it's something I picked up when I was young. There were many fights between mercenary brigades back then, and one day, someone stabbed me in the back.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 badawi 04.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' I didn't think much of it back then, but with age it's caught up to me.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 badawi 05.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' Few mercenaries get to enjoy their later years. Failing health tends to take the joy out of reputation and wealth, and many mercenaries never even made much of the latter to begin with.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Is there someone you know who can help to look after you?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 badawi 06.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' Unfortunately, no. My wife passed away at an early age, and I don't have any children.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 badawi 07.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' Sometimes I'd close my eyes, and realize most of my life story has already been written. I have many regrets about my past, but at the same time, I also know that there were never many options for me in the first place.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 badawi 08.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' I joined the Eremites when I was young, and won many battles with them. My survival was more a matter of luck than actual ability.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 badawi 09.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' If at all possible, I want future children of the desert to have some more options in life. I don't want them to turn out like me.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 badawi 10.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' My apologies. The older we get, the more we tend to ramble. Seems like we've already cleared out most of the monsters. Let's hurry over to Aaru Village.
:{{Black Screen|Badawi walks into the distance as he talks. Kaveh is lost in thought as he observes the figure of the elderly man...}}
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} What's on your mind?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I think it's really admirable of him to spend his whole life's savings on people he's never met.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Maybe he's doing this out of the kindness of his heart, a kindness that hasn't been eroded away by the struggles of his life.
:{{DIcon}} Doesn't that also sound like you, Kaveh?
:{{DIcon}} You're also that kind of person, which is why you're helping him.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Perhaps. To clarify, though, I don't think I'm quite the same...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Some people call me an idealist. Sure, I do have some "idealist" sentiments, such as wanting everyone to be able to lead a happy life.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' But my situation is... more complex than that. In the beginning, what drove me to harbor those thoughts was less "idealism," and more a sense of guilt.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' When I was young, I encouraged my [[Kaveh's Father|father]] on a whim to take part in the first [[Interdarshan Championship]] hosted by the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' He set off confidently hoping to win something for me, but failed to clinch the title. What's more, he fell into depression after the competition, and requested to join an investigative research project in the desert.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I never saw him again. Word has it that he got caught in quicksand. Even if other factors may have contributed to his death, the fundamental cause still circles back to me.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I started doing many things in life because I wanted to make amends. Even in cases where I couldn't do something for a specific person, I still did whatever I could. I think I just wanted... to make myself feel a little better.
:{{DIcon}} And is that still how you feel?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' At this point, even I don't know.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I've tried self-reflection, but it didn't help. I can't seem to walk away from many things that I see or hear about, even if they don't directly concern me, and I can't quite pinpoint the source of it.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Maybe it's just like what those [[Vahumana]] scholars often say &mdash; it's hard for people to truly understand themselves.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I could be doing things out of endless guilt, or I could be doing them out of a strong sense of empathy. It could even just be a matter of conceit. The potential motivations could number in the dozens, but the actions they result in are the same.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 16.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Anyway, I suppose I don't really mind being called an idealist. They also used that term to describe my father. It seemed to carry fewer connotations back when he was around.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 17.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I've known [[Alhaitham]] for many years now, and discussed my ideology with him for nearly as long. Uh, maybe "argued" is a better word for it...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 18.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' He told me a long time ago that no matter how strong of a swimmer you may be, you'll still get dragged under by the others who are drowning once you run out of stamina. He believes this is the fate that awaits all idealists.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 19.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I still believe I should live by my ideals, and I've given him countless reasons why I think it's a good idea to do so. Perhaps my ideals are flawed, but are there really any perfect things in this world?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 20.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Unfortunately, he remains unconvinced. His personality is the exact opposite of my own. If someone happens to drown next to him, he'll most likely stand on the shore, and mumble something along the lines of "respecting other people's fates."
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 21.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' But as you can see, I'm not the only idealist in the world. Just as there are different seasons, there are also different people. There are many others who will continue to care about the fates of those who are not directly related to them.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 22.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...And when I finally run out of stamina, someone will also reach out and bring me back to shore...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 23.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Someone will help me, right? ...Yes, I've already been helped like that before.
:{{DIcon}} Should I have a life preserver at the ready?
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 24.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Oh please, it's not like we're actually talking about swimming! ...Also, just so you know, I actually took a swimming elective back in the day. Don't underestimate my skills.
:{{DIcon}} I'll help you when the time comes.
:;(+1 Heart)
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 25.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Haha, but you've helped me plenty already! If you didn't reach out to me, I would probably be passed out on the tavern table right now instead of talking with Badawi.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 26.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Either way, I'm feeling much better than when you first found me at the tavern. I can feel inspiration already welling up inside of me... maybe this will be just the opportunity I needed to create a whole new style!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907103 kaveh 27.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alright, let's head to Aaru Village!
----
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Now that we're here, it's my partner's time to shine. Mehrak!
:'''Mehrak:''' Beep-boop!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 badawi 01.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' What's this?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' My toolbox. I built it using an ancient mechanical core. It's not too smart, but it's super useful, and can help me with a variety of tasks.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I'll take Mehrak and find a suitable location for the building. Once that is done, I'll get to work on a few designs...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 setare 01.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Setaria?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ah, you know each other?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 setare 02.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' Hello, I suppose you must be Kaveh from Kshahrewar. I've heard of you before. My name is Setaria, and I'm currently the person in charge of promoting educational assistance programs here in the desert.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Educational assistance programs... Then you must be familiar with the local conditions here.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 setare 03.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' I can't say I'm too familiar just yet, but if you have any questions, I'll try my best to answer them.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I've been commissioned by Mr. Badawi to build a library in the desert. We've settled on the general design direction, but we are trying to finalize some details based on the conditions around the intended location.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 setare 04.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' A library? Do you intend to open it to the public for free?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 badawi 02.ogg}} '''Badawi:''' That's right. I want to make sure the children will have books to read.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 setare 05.ogg}} '''Setaria:''' That's fantastic, I'm sure the children will be thrilled. Right now, we don't have access to many paper books, or a quiet place to read. Truth be told, this very thing has been keeping me up at night.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Let me get straight to my questions, then. Can you estimate the number of children around here who'd be interested in reading? Besides the usual noise of village pedestrians, are there any other sources of noise in the village?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Oh, and have any landslides occurred here recently? And also, where are the spots around the village that have been most affected by wind and erosion?
:{{Black Screen|Setaria considers Kaveh's questions and offers her answers...}}
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Alright, that should be everything.
;(+1 Heart)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Badawi, let's go over the budget again. We'll keep the building structure the same, but make the place a little bigger, so it'll be able to hold more people, and get better natural light.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' The parts of the project that'd cost the most will be the insulation and ventilation materials. I'm sure you understand, no one likes to read in a place that's hot and stuffy.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I want to make significant changes to the arrangement of the bookshelves, tables and chairs. I'll go over the specifics of that shortly. I have two plans in mind &mdash; both are pretty minimalist in style, but will provide a very different ambiance from the world outside.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Our final cost should be around seventy percent of the last figure I quoted. The whole thing should take around half a year to complete.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 16.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Mehrak has produced a sketch for you all to see. If everyone's okay with it, then we'll proceed with that as the formal plan.
:{{DIcon}} You've got a new design plan already?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 17.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' The inspiration just came to me naturally, all I did was put the thoughts to paper.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 18.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I must give you credit, though, if it weren't for your advice and suggestions, I probably wouldn't have landed on this new style so quickly.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 19.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' According to the traditions of my profession, I should probably name this style after you. Let's call it the "{{Traveler}} Style."
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907104 kaveh 20.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' In the meantime, let's look forward to the day when this building is completed and can finally open its doors.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: Blueprint for the Future===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Blueprint for the Future
|character       = Kaveh
|act             = 1
|description     = Present suffering is nothing compared to granting hope for the future to others.
}}

== Notes ==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = A Whole New Style
|zhs     = 全新风格
|zhs_rm  = Quánxīn Fēnggé
|zht     = 全新風格
|zht_rm  = Quánxīn Fēnggé
|zh_tl   = A Totally New Style
|ja      = 新たなスタイル
|ja_rm   = Arata-na Sutairu
|ja_tl   = A New Style
|ko      = 새로운 스타일
|ko_tl   = A New Style
|es      = Renovación total
|es_tl   = Total Renovation
|fr      = Un tout nouveau style
|fr_tl   = A Whole New Style
|ru      = Новый стиль
|ru_tl   = A New Style
|th      = สไตล์ใหม่เอี่ยมอ่อง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Phong Cách Mới
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein ganz neuer Stil
|de_tl   = A Whole New Style
|id      = Gaya Baru
|id_tl   = New Style
|pt      = Um Estilo Totalmente Novo
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yepyeni Bir Tarz
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Uno stile tutto nuovo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

[[es:Renovación total]]