{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!-- NPC Abbas.png -->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru

|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
}}
'''Abbas''', also referred to as '''Specimen IV''' in the Eleazar Hospital Notes, was a patient at the now-abandoned Eleazar Hospital in [[Dar al-Shifa]], [[Sumeru]]. He is the only known survivor, having been treated by an unnamed doctor &mdash; highly implied to be [[Zandik]] and by extension, [[Il Dottore]] &mdash; before escaping from the hospital by tunneling underground.

Abbas is a central character in two [[Hidden Exploration Objective]]s located in Dar al-Shifa: [[Eleazar Hospital Notes]] and [[Abbas' Escape]].

==Profile==
Abbas was a farmer at an unspecified village. When he was 23 years old, the severity of his [[Eleazar]] symptoms led him to be taken to Dar al-Shifa for treatment. He fared poorly under the care of Doctor Amoudi and within three weeks of his hospitalization, he lost the use of his left arm and fell into a coma. He then fell under the care of a certain doctor, whose name was scrubbed out of the Eleazar Hospital Notes, and his condition steadily improved after undergoing treatment with an unknown substance.<ref name="Hospital - Records">{{Ref/HEO|Eleazar Hospital Notes|note=Medical Records}}</ref>

However, Abbas' stabilization came at the cost of his companions at the hospital, Hakim, Avin (not to be confused with [[Avin]], a child in present day), and Arbaaz, who died in that order and were used as experimental samples for Abbas' treatment.<ref name="Hospital - Report">{{Ref/HEO|Eleazar Hospital Notes|note=Diagnostic Report}}</ref> Little is known about the three, but the etchings Abbas left in Dar al-Shifa's underground tunnels indicate that Hakim and Avin came from [[Aaru Village]], while Arbaaz was a child.<ref name="Escape">{{Ref/HEO|Abbas' Escape|note=Unnamed Person's Etchings}}</ref> The unnamed doctor was unable to "recycle" Specimen I (likely Hakim) for "materials," but was able to use "materials" from Specimens II (Avin) and III (Arbaaz) to treat Abbas. It is implied that Abbas' new arm, which had undergone necrosis and was surgically replaced, came from these "materials."<ref name="Hospital - Report" />

Abbas successfully completed the doctor's three-stage treatment and made a full recovery, with his Eleazar symptoms disappearing completely. With his experiment a success, the doctor switched his focus to his next interest &mdash; using the substance which he treated his "Specimens" with to manipulate a person's elemental content and elevate them to the level of a god.<ref name="Hospital - Report" />

Meanwhile, Abbas was desperate to escape from the "wicked doctor" and with a hoe that he procured, started to tunnel his way out of the hospital. During his escape, he showed signs of what the doctor had described as mental instability, which had also been displayed by Specimens II and III. Like his predecessors, Abbas saw Eleazar as some kind of divine punishment inflicted on him by his god, [[King Deshret]]. Some of the Unknown Person's Etchings left on the walls of the tunnels are written from Abbas' perspective; others are addressed to Abbas, written from Deshret's (or a god's) perspective, and encourage him to continue searching for an exit.<ref name="Escape" />

Eventually, Abbas managed to tunnel his way to the oasis where the ancient city of [[Saleh]] once stood, where he abandoned his Severely Eroded Hoe. His fate afterwards is unknown.
<!--
===Appearance===
--><!--
==Trivia==
Unhide if a Note is used on the page. (See Asase Hibiki's page for an example usage.)
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden=1
|en      = Abbas
|zhs     = 阿巴斯
|zhs_rm  = Ābāsī
|zht     = 阿巴斯
|zht_rm  = Ābāsī
|ja      = アッバス
|ja_rm   = Abbasu
|ko      = //압바스//
|es      = Abbas
|fr      = Abbas
|ru      = Аббас
|th      = Abbas
|vi      = Abbas
|de      = Abbas
|id      = Abbas
|pt      = Abbas
|tr      = Abbas
|it      = Abbas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Abbas]]