{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72279
|image         = Event Quest About That Time We Saved the Tanuki Photo Board.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Ritou
|event_name    = Hues of the Violet Garden
|chapter       = Festival Deeds
|actNum        = II
|actType       = Part
|requirement   = Complete [[What the Blue Flowers Left Behind]]
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*40;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2;Recipe: Rainbow Aster*1
|characters    = Akira; Arataki Itto; Genta; Hiraizumi; Ishida; Karpillia; Kid Kujirai; Kimura; Mamoru; Paimon; Takeuchi; Thoma; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''About That Time We Saved the Tanuki Photo Board''''' is an Event Quest part of [[Festival Deeds]] during the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Kimura]]
# Go to the Tanuki Photo Board
# Talk to [[Itto]]
# Talk to [[Thoma]]
# Help the festival stall owner
# Help to clean the area around the stall (0/2)
#* Use Anemo or Hydro to clean the piles
# Report back to [[Ishida]]
# Help the visitor
# Find [[Kid Kujirai]]'s Temari
# Talk to Kid Kujirai
# Head to the port
# Take the goods to the warehouse
# Talk to [[Takeuchi]]
# Go to [[Sailing Breeze]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Kimura, the Doushin in charge of maintaining order at the Irodori Festival, seems to be having a hard time...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Kimura)
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 01.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' So many complaints... What should I do?
:{{DIcon}} Need any help?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 02.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' Ah, are you the Traveler who my superiors said would come and help us out?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 03.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' You came at the perfect time. We're facing a small problem here.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 04.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' As you know, the Irodori Festival is underway.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 05.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' In addition to all the things on sale, there's a lot of free entertainment programs available.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 06.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' But today, we received numerous complaints that a group of people has been hogging the Tanuki photo board.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 07.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' They won't leave, so no one else gets to use it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 08.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' *sigh* What a headache.
:{{DIcon}} Can't you drive them away?
::{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 09a.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' Well... we tried talking to them, but the original point of these entertainment facilities was to let people freely enjoy the festival.
::{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 09a 1.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' So in principle, it's open to everyone, and there's no time limit on usage.
:{{DIcon}} Can't you arrest them?
::{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 09b.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' Uh... arrest them? Well, it would solve the immediate problem...
::{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 09b 1.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' But don't you think that if the Tenryou Commission starts arresting people without good cause, we'll soon have a bigger problem on our hands?
::{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 09b 2.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' The first thing we tried was negotiating with them. But ultimately, these facilities are open to everyone, and there's no time limit on usage.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 09a 2.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' This means that as long as they haven't done anything technically illegal, even if they keep hogging it...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 09a 3.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' ...there is nothing we can do.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 10.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' So, can you try negotiating with them for us?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 11.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' If these complaints can't be resolved, and Madam Kujou finds out...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 12.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' ...I'll lose my bonus this month for sure.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hogging a photo board, huh? We know who would do something like that...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Should we go and have a look, {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 1 kimura 13.ogg}} '''Kimura:''' Thank you so much! You'll find them by the Tanuki photo board just east of the square.

;(Approach the Tanuki Photo Board)
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look! Well, if it isn't Arataki Itto and his gang!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon knew it was gonna be them! Let's go and see what all this is about.

;(Talk to Itto)
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey hey, Traveler, Paimon! What's happening!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You came here for the Irodori Festival, too? Oh, see, I knew it, great minds think alike, huh?
{{Introductory Note|character=Arataki Itto}}
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahahahaha!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're such a child.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're here to take care of a little problem.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, oh right. Well, who's got a problem? The Arataki Gang considers it our born duty to help those in need!
:{{DIcon}} Who do you think?
:{{DIcon}} You are the problem.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Arataki Gang is the problem!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Tenryou Commission said you guys have been hogging the photo board and nobody else has had a chance to use it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh... uh... well... no we haven't...
:{{DIcon}} They've received quite a few complaints.
:{{DIcon}} Would you care to explain?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Uhh... it's kind of a long story. Mamoru, you're up! Explain the situation to these good people!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Yes, Boss!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 02.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' The story starts two months ago, when we first found out about the Irodori Festival...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 03.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' As everyone knows, this is a festival all about showcasing culture, with books on all kinds of topics on display and for sale.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 04.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Our boss is very forward-thinking. He thought we should seize this golden opportunity to publish some material introducing the Arataki Gang and help craft a glorious public image.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' He also said we can make some money out of it to support ourselves.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ahem, heh... that wasn't the main reason, obviously...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course that was your main reason!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 05.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' At first, we had plenty of time. In two months, Boss planned to write 60 pages.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 akira 02.ogg}} '''Akira:''' But one month in, and he'd written a grand total of one line.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Well, I mean... Come on, gotta make sure the quality is up to scratch...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' More like worst procrastinator ever!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 06.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' So, we cut some of the planned content, and figured it would still be fine if we could put out 20 pages in the next month.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 akira 03.ogg}} '''Akira:''' But the day after that, the boss got hold of this card game called [[Genius Invokation TCG]]. Everyone loved it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 genta 01.ogg}} '''Genta:''' It felt like we only played a few rounds, but before we knew it, half a month had gone by! I'm telling you, this game &mdash; it's pretty incredible.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ahem... I was just gathering inspiration for my writing... What?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure you were... Inspiration that has absolutely nothing to do with what you were writing about!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 07.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' So then we only had two weeks left. No way was that gonna be enough time to publish a book.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 08.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Boss said we should just make a colorful flyer instead. That way, we'd only need to think of a slogan.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That makes more sense. It shouldn't take too long to think of a slogan, right?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 09.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Yeah, it didn't take long at all. We came up with 30 slogans between us in just half a day.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 akira 04.ogg}} '''Akira:''' But 30 was too many, and we couldn't agree with each other on which one to use. It took us a week to make the final decision.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 10.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' That was when we realized we'd have to pay an expensive express fee for the printing, because there was so little time left.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 genta 02.ogg}} '''Genta:''' And... we couldn't afford it!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You gotta take it slow if you wanna do something well. Pay an express fee, and they're gonna do a rush job, and then there's gonna be all sorts of problems...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The Arataki Gang only puts out the very best into the world! And that is why I decided to give up on that project.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{DIcon}} Whatever makes you happy.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That, yup, well said! You gotta do what keeps you happy, same goes for humans and oni alike.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And it's not every day you get to go to an Irodori Festival, right? So priority number one right now is enjoying ourselves to the max!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And the way you chose to enjoy yourselves was... to commandeer a novelty photo board?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 11.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Um... so, at first, Boss brought us here to buy some drinks. He said there was some sort of Irodori Festival limited-edition soft drink available.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's right, this ain't no ordinary drink either. It's a special-edition joint creation of Sailing Breeze and Yae Publishing House, as featured in the popular novel, "[[Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?]]"
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... What?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 12.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' But when we got to the festival, the staff wouldn't let us in because of our unusual outfits.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 13.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' They said we had to show up looking like our normal selves before they'd let us in...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 genta 03.ogg}} '''Genta:''' We'd invested a lot of time and money into the way we looked! And then they accuse us of spoiling the image of the city.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 14.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' One thing led to another, and by the time we finally got to Sailing Breeze's booth, all the drinks were sold out.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 15.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' We were pretty disappointed, but there was nothing we could do. Then we saw this photo board on the way back, Boss said we can't let the trip go to waste, so&mdash;
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you decided to take over the whole area for your own use?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Haha... I beg to differ. It's public property, we didn't "commandeer" anything!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' We're just making sure public resources get used to the max.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 akira 05.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Yeah! Boss is right. We're the ones making the most out of this thing!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 genta 04.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Never let a single moment in your life go to waste. That's our policy in the Arataki Gang, and we're out here making sure this photo board gets the most out of its lifespan, too!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, brother... what a noble cause...
:{{DIcon}} You could also go buy some books.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 16.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' But we spent so much money on our appearance... We only had enough left for one of those drinks.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 mamoru 17.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' We don't have anywhere near enough to buy books.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, you can't just take over this photo board for yourselves because it's free and you don't have any money. Other people have the right to use it, too.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 18.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I guess when you put it like that... I can kinda see where you're coming from.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So come on! Let someone else have their turn, already!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 19.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Um... ummm...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 20.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But you know full well that the Arataki Gang has a reputation to uphold.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 21.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' If I say I'm gonna make the most out of this board, then I have to live up to my words.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 22.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' If we just scrap our plan like that, we'd be going against our word. A gang's gotta have integrity, or it does huge damage to your prestige!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 23.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That being said... we won't have to worry about any of that if we can settle this the Arataki way.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "The Arataki way," huh? Paimon has a bad feeling about this.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 24.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So I, Arataki "Numero Uno" Itto, challenge you to an all-out, no-holds-barred, anything-goes duel!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 25.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' If you win, I will leave this board alone.
:{{DIcon}} ...Wait, do you mean a beetle fight?
:{{DIcon}} Great! Let's have a beetle battle!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 26.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Beetle fighting is an awesome idea! Just so happens I caught myself a true beast of an Onikabuto the other day, I call it "Demon of Darkness"!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 27.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Unfortunately, I did not bring Demon of Darkness with me today... so...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, that's a relief...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 itto 28.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So how are we gonna do this duel? Uh, let's think... Umm, this is a tough nut to crack, lemme think for a second...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, look, isn't that Thoma? Guess he's here for the festival, too.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't we ask Thoma how to do this duel, {{Traveler}}? Paimon bets he'll have a ton of ideas.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thoma! Thoma!!! Over here!!!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 3 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hey, {{Traveler}} and Paimon!

;(Talk to Thoma)
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' What a nice surprise meeting you guys here.
:{{DIcon}} What brings you here?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well, I heard that a certain well-known individual had made an appearance at the festival and taken quite a liking to the Tanuki photo board.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Since the Yashiro Commission is the host of this festival, I felt I simply had to come and meet them in person.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Red horns... If I'm not mistaken, you must be the esteemed Arataki Itto, leader of the widely renowned Arataki Gang, is that right?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahahahaha! Thoma, my bro, your eyes do not deceive you!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And you are the housekeeper extraordinaire of the Kamisato Clan! You're quite the celebrity yourself, you know.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well, I'm flattered, Itto. And it's nice to meet you too, bro.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, there's a serious bromance developing here.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I didn't expect to run into both Itto and the Traveler here.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Speaking of which, I kind of count as the host here. So is anything wrong? Don't worry, you can tell me anything.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's all Itto! He wants to&mdash;
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ah, no no no, it's no big deal. We were just about to have a duel, and we're trying to think what format it should take.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Oh... a duel...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' In that case, I have a suggestion. Since your duel is taking place at the Irodori Festival, why don't you have a volunteering competition?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Then you can both do your part for the Irodori Festival while settling your duel at the same time. What do you think?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Volunteering competition? Hmm, sounds a little low-key. Not quite hard-core enough for the Arataki Gang...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I give this idea an interest rating of two points. One for {{Traveler}}, one for Thoma.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Boss means, uh... two points out of a hundred.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, yeah, this job isn't the most high-stakes, that's for sure. It just takes a little patience and responsibility.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Also, since it's volunteering, by definition there's no remuneration. All you'll get is this special-edition drink from Sailing Breeze as a small token of appreciation...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' On second thought, this is nowhere near enough for the prestigious Arataki Gang. I don't know what I was thinking.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Wait, wait, wait a sec... What was that part about the, uh, token of appreciation?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 14.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Oh, it's just a special-edition drink produced by Yae Publishing House and Sailing Breeze. It's really nothing special.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Boss! That's the one!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 genta 01.ogg}} '''Genta:''' If we take this gig, we'll get that drink!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh... so uh, Thoma, my bro, my guy, my dude, maybe I didn't explain properly. When I said two points, that's out of a total of two.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' If there's one thing the Arataki Gang is known for, I kid you not, it's our patience and responsibility!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' It's an awesome idea, totally hard-core. Practically tailor-made just for me! Hahahahaha!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' {{Traveler}}, let's do this for our duel, it'll be amazing! Whoever volunteers the hardest wins! What do you think?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You didn't seem too interested in it just a second ago.
:{{DIcon}} There's actually no need for the duel after all.
:{{DIcon}} If you want that drink, just ask Thoma.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, this is the mighty Arataki "Above All, Bold-Blooded" Itto you're talking to here! I'm a say-what-I-mean, mean-what-I-say, might-sound-mean-but-I-say-it-anyway kinda guy. And I say, we're gonna have this duel!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' AKA, doesn't-want-people-to-know-he's-only-doing-it-for-the-drinks kinda guy.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 15.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' If it's decided, then allow me to take the role of your judge.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 16.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The volunteer work is simple. You just need to give your help to people who need it during the festival.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 17.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I will assign some job requests that I've already received to you.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 4 thoma 18.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' If you're ready, we can begin.

;(Upon starting the challenge)
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see... Okay, our first job is to help a busy vendor. His stand is just nearby.

;(When Itto completes the challenge)
:{{Black Screen|Itto seems to have finished all his work. Time to hurry up.}}
;(Talk to Ishida)
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 6 ishida 01.ogg}} '''Ishida:''' Are you the volunteers? Perfect timing.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 6 ishida 02.ogg}} '''Ishida:''' As you can see, there's a lot of dust and dead leaves around my stand.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 6 ishida 03.ogg}} '''Ishida:''' I've just been so busy with my customers these past few days. I keep meaning to sweep up, but I just haven't found a spare moment...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 6 ishida 04.ogg}} '''Ishida:''' Can you help me clean up the place, please? Thank you so much!

;(Talk to Ishida again)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjwq002 ishida 01.ogg}} '''Ishida:''' I'm so grateful to have you helping out...

;(Report back to Ishida)
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 8 ishida 01.ogg}} '''Ishida:''' You've finished already? Wow, you work hard!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 8 ishida 02.ogg}} '''Ishida:''' You're wonderful people, all you volunteers. Thank you so much.

;(After completing the first task)
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see... Our next job is to help a visitor.

;(Talk to Kid Kujirai)
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 10 kurajikun 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq002 10 kurajikun 01b.ogg}} '''Kid Kujirai:''' Hey, {{MC|Mister|Miss|mc=1}}! Come and help me!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Kujirai, fancy meeting you here at the festival. But we don't have time to play games with you right now.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 10 kurajikun 02.ogg}} '''Kid Kujirai:''' I'm not playing games! I'm in trouble!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 10 kurajikun 03.ogg}} '''Kid Kujirai:''' I heard they were selling a new kind of Temari at the festival, so I came to check it out...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 10 kurajikun 04.ogg}} '''Kid Kujirai:''' But I couldn't find it anywhere, and then I went and lost my current one...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 10 kurajikun 05.ogg}} '''Kid Kujirai:''' *sobbing* It's gotta be nearby. I still had it a moment ago...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 10 kurajikun 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq002 10 kurajikun 06b.ogg}} '''Kid Kujirai:''' Can you help me, {{MC|Mister|Miss|mc=1}}?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So basically, every time we run into you, we have to go Temari-hunting...

;(Talk to Kid Kujirai again before finding his Temari)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjwq002 kurajikun 01.ogg}} '''Kid Kujirai:''' *crying* Where'd my Temari go?

;(Talk to Kid Kujirai again after finding his Temari)
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 13 kurajikun 01.ogg}} '''Kid Kujirai:''' Great! Now I can play the Temari game again!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 13 kurajikun 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq002 13 kurajikun 02b.ogg}} '''Kid Kujirai:''' Thanks, {{MC|Mister|Miss|mc=1}}!

;(After completing the second task)
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, one last job!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We need to help move some goods at the port. Let's go.

;(Talk to Hiraizumi)
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 15 hiraizumi 01.ogg}} '''Hiraizumi:''' Are you the festival volunteers?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 15 hiraizumi 02.ogg}} '''Hiraizumi:''' Great. I was just wondering what to do about these goods. It's been really busy lately, and all the workers at the port are swamped.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 15 hiraizumi 03.ogg}} '''Hiraizumi:''' But I have to get all this fresh soy milk delivered to the warehouse as soon as possible. It'll go bad if it's left outside for too long.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 15 hiraizumi 04.ogg}} '''Hiraizumi:''' Can you please help me take it to the warehouse? My coworker, Takeuchi, will be waiting for you there. Thank you so much.
;(Obtain {{Item|Hiraizumi's Goods}})

;(Talk to Hiraizumi again)
:{{A|vo dialog rcjwq002 hiraizumi 01.ogg}} '''Hiraizumi:''' I didn't expect the Irodori Festival to be so busy this time...

;(On delivering the [[Hiraizumi's Goods|soy milk]])
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 17 takeuchi 01.ogg}} '''Takeuchi:''' Ah, you must be the volunteers here to save the day.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 17 takeuchi 02.ogg}} '''Takeuchi:''' You must be tired. Put down the goods and have a rest.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 17 takeuchi 03.ogg}} '''Takeuchi:''' I heard the Yashiro Commission has arranged for Sailing Breeze to prepare some special drinks for the volunteers as a way of saying thank-you.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 17 takeuchi 04.ogg}} '''Takeuchi:''' Soy milk is actually one of the ingredients for the drink. It's freshly made every day!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 17 takeuchi 05.ogg}} '''Takeuchi:''' In fact, the last batch of soy milk we processed has just been sent over. You'll get to try it very soon.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? So Sailing Breeze's special drink... has soy milk in it!?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 17 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Itto won't be able to drink that!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 17 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hurry, we've gotta get to Sailing Breeze before he does...

;(Approach Sailing Breeze)
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahahaha! What took you so long? I've been here ages &mdash; completed my tasks a long time ago.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So there you have it, when volunteering's the name of the game, no one volunteers harder than Arataki Itto! Hahaha!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You lose, I win, {{Traveler}}, and to the victor go the special-edition spoils....
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Behold, the drink of champions, created by Sailing Breeze in collaboration with Yae Publishing House, and as featured in the popular work, "Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?"!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' All this talk's making me thirsty &mdash; don't mind if I do! Hahahaha!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Drink of champions, it's time to come home!
:{{DIcon}} Wait! There are beans!
:{{DIcon}} There are soybeans in the drink!
:{{Black Screen|Glug, glug, ahhh... Itto downs the drink in one go.}}
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ahhhhhhhhhhhh! Wooh! That's the good stuff...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That was a mighty fine drink... Although maybe it was a little past its prime...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Boss, they said they think there might be, uh...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' B&mdash;Beans in the drink!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh!?

:'''A mighty figure falls to the ground.

:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 genta 01.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Ah! The boss is down! The boss is down!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 mamoru 02.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Quick! Get him to a doctor!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' What's wrong? Can't Arataki Itto drink soy products?
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 akira 02.ogg}} '''Akira:''' He's allergic to beans!
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Oh, my goodness... Okay! Quick, grab Itto and follow me. I'll get a doctor &mdash; I sure hope it's not too serious...
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'm sorry, {{Traveler}}. I didn't even consider this possibility. It was all my fault.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Leave Itto to me. I'll make sure he stands again.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Don't worry. I'll see you later.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 karpillia 01.ogg}} '''Karpillia:''' So, your friend is allergic to beans. It's a very rare condition, though I have heard about it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 karpillia 02.ogg}} '''Karpillia:''' I'm so sorry that our drink caused such a problem. I feel terrible.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 karpillia 03.ogg}} '''Karpillia:''' If you don't mind, please take this. This is a special drink formula with no soy milk.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 karpillia 04.ogg}} '''Karpillia:''' I could see that your friend enjoyed this drink a lot. Although it tastes slightly different without the soy milk, I'm sure this version will be more suitable for your friend.
:{{A|vo rcjwq002 18 karpillia 05.ogg}} '''Karpillia:''' Please accept it, along with our sincere apologies.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = About That Time We Saved the Tanuki Photo Board
|zhs      = 关于拯救狸猫合影板这件事
|zhs_rm   = Guānyú Zhěngjiù Límāo Héyǐng Bǎnzhè Jiànshì
|zht      = 關於拯救狸貓合影板這件事
|zht_rm   = Guānyú Zhěngjiù Límāo Héyǐng Bǎnzhè Jiànshì
|zh_tl    = About Saving the Tanuki Photo Board
|ja       = 「狸の顔出し看板」救出について
|ja_rm    = "Tanuki no Kaodashi Kanban" Kyuushutsu ni Tsuite
|ja_tl    = About Saving the "[[Tanuki Hugs Photo Board]]"
|ko       = 너구리 포토 스팟 구출에 대해
|ko_rm    = Neoguri Poto Seupat Guchul-e Daehae
|ko_tl    = About Saving Raccoon Photo Spot
|es       = El rescate del marco de retratos tanuki
|es_tl    = The Rescue of the Tanuki Portrait Frames
|fr       = La fois où on a sauvé le passe-têtes avec des Tanukis
|fr_tl    = That Time We Saved the Tanuki Photo Board
|ru       = Как мы спасли стенд для фото тануки
|ru_tl    = How We Saved the Tanuki Photo Stand
|th       = เกี่ยวกับการช่วยเหลือกระดานภาพทานูกิ
|th_rm    = Kiaokap Kan Chuailuea Kradanphap Thanuki
|th_tl    = About Saving the Tanuki Photo Board
|vi       = Giải Cứu Bảng Chụp Hình
|vi_tl    = Saving the Photo Taking Board
|de       = Als wir die Tanuki-Fototafel retteten
|de_tl    = That Time We Saved the Tanuki Photo Board
|id       = Jangan Menjajah Papan Foto Tanuki
|id_tl    = Don't Colonize the Tanuki Photo Board
|pt       = Sobre Quando Salvamos o Mural Fotográfico Tanuki
|pt_tl    = About When We Saved the Tanuki Photographic Mural
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[pt-br:Sobre Quando Salvamos o Mural Fotográfico Tanuki]]
[[ru:Как мы спасли стенд для фото тануки]]