{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22025
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Absolutely Unique Delicacy.png
|npc           = Tang Wen
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          = The Taste of Home
|characters    = Li Xiao; Paimon; Qiuyue; Tang Wen; Traveler
|other         = 
* AR-Dependent Rewards
* Additional Rewards:
{{Card|Fish|5}}
{{Card|Rice|10}}
* Completing this commission grants the achievement [[Liyue Ichiban]]
}}
'''''Absolutely Unique Delicacy''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]. It may appear after submitting a suspicious dish in the daily commission [[The Taste of Home]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Tang Wen]]
# Ask for [[Li Xiao]]'s opinion
# Ask for [[Qiuyue]]'s opinion
#*After asking both, Traveler and Paimon must choose one among three dish options to give to Tang Wen
# Give the Delicious [[Jueyun Guoba]]/[[Bamboo Shoot Soup]]/[[Grilled Tiger Fish]] to Tang Wen

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this commission grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Liyue Ichiban]]''.
* As in the Taste of Home, the Traveler and Paimon will discuss what dishes to make for her. However, this time the submitted dish and its quality has to match the dish chosen during that dialogue; the other 2 dishes cannot be submitted.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

Additionally, Tang Wen will give a reward of {{Item|Fish|20|x=5}} and {{Item|Rice|20|x=10}} upon completion of the commission.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Tang Wen]] seems to have lost her appetite after eating something strange...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Tang Wen)
:'''Tang Wen:''' Ah... I'm so hungry... I don't feel good...
:{{DIcon}} What happened?
:'''Tang Wen:''' {{not a typo|I-I'm}} not sure... I just feel quite sluggish.
:'''Tang Wen:''' It was probably last night, when I brought home and ate that gourmet meal you made.
:'''Tang Wen:''' Although that dish was... quite special, but it at least filled my stomach.
:'''Tang Wen:''' I then wanted to have a good night's sleep and work well today, but...
:'''Tang Wen:''' Every time I'm about to fall asleep, the interesting smell of that dish suddenly came back up from the pit of my stomach! It instantly woke me up.
:'''Tang Wen:''' This cycle then continued, and I lay half-asleep until the sun came up...
:'''Tang Wen:''' It's not a big deal if it's just having less sleep. I occasionally have to work overtime in the past...
:'''Tang Wen:''' The main point is what happened today! I thought I would be fine after I got up and ate something, but I didn't expect that even when I ate something, the taste of yesterday's dish still lingers in my mouth...
:{{DIcon}} Is that dish so powerful...
:'''Tang Wen:''' *sigh* I {{not a typo|think...only}} a dish with a unique flavor can wash away that interesting taste...
:'''Paimon:''' Dish with a unique flavor? Why don't we go around and ask others if they know of such a dish?
:'''Paimon:''' Then we can make one for Miss Tang Wen... Maybe that will solve her problem!
:'''Tang Wen:''' Really? That's great, thank you so much! {{not a typo|If-if}} it's convenient, please head to [[Ritou]] and ask...
:'''Tang Wen:''' I remember... [[Li Xiao]], a merchant of Ritou, is very knowledgeable about food, and [[Qiuyue]] of the [[Chuyu Trading Company]], she can also be considered as an amateur gourmet!

;(Talk to Tang Wen again)
:'''Tang Wen:''' I forgot what book I read this from, but it said that "People are what they eat." So now that I've eaten something weird, I must've became someone strange...

----

;(Talk to Li Xiao)
:'''Li Xiao:''' What's the matter? Ah... Miss Tang Wen.
:'''Li Xiao:''' Loss of appetite... A strange taste in your mouth... Needs a special delicacy to salvage this situation?
:'''Li Xiao:''' She actually met with such a difficulty... That's really quite tricky.
:'''Li Xiao:''' But in my opinion, it doesn't have to be a particularly expensive dish. As long as the taste and flavor is unique, and it packs a punch, that should be enough...
:'''Li Xiao:''' I suggest [[Jueyun Guoba]]! It has both a unique crunchy texture and a strong spicy flavor...
:'''Li Xiao:''' It's been more than ten years since I first tasted Jueyun Guoba at [[Qingce Village]], and I still think about it from time to time...
:'''Li Xiao:''' I think if it's Jueyun Guoba, no matter what the problem is, it will be solved.
----

;(Talk to Qiuyue)
:'''Qiuyue:''' What is it? Hmm... Miss Tang Wen?
:'''Qiuyue:''' A strange taste in your mouth, loss of appetite, don't really want to eat anything?
:'''Qiuyue:''' Is it really because she ate something strange? You're not mistaken, right?
:'''Qiuyue:''' Why does it sound more like she's just bloated? Hmm, let me think...
:'''Qiuyue:''' Forget it, since there is no way to judge, there is only one dish that I can recommend, and that is &mdash; [[Bamboo Shoot Soup]]!
:'''Qiuyue:''' The taste is savory, the meat is tender, and the flavor refreshing and appetizing. Most importantly, the soup can help in food digestion. Mmm! I wish I could have some right now.
:'''Qiuyue:''' Believe me, all Tang Wen needs right now is Bamboo Shoot Soup!
;(The Traveler turns to talk to Paimon)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no, we got different answers. Both Jueyun Guoba and Bamboo Shoot Soup are special dishes.
:'''Paimon:''' What should we do? Paimon's so torn!
:{{DIcon}} What do you think, Paimon?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? You're asking Paimon?
:'''Paimon:''' If that's the case... If Paimon were to choose...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon will choose [[Grilled Tiger Fish]]!
:'''Paimon:''' Grilled Tiger Fish sounds very courageous. If Miss Tang Wen eats this courage, her troubles will be solved, right?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, you sure know a lot about eating...
:{{DIcon}} I don't think that's the story behind Tiger Fish...
:'''Paimon:''' Oops, that's why Paimon should let you decide.
:{{DIcon}} Hmm... The Delicious Jueyun Guoba it shall be!
:{{DIcon}} Hmm... The Delicious Bamboo Shoot Soup it shall be!
:{{DIcon}} Hmm... The Delicious Grilled Tiger Fish it shall be!
:'''Paimon:''' Woohoo! Let's quickly make this dish and bring it to Miss Tang Wen!

----

;(Talk to Tang Wen)
:'''Tang Wen:''' Oh, y'all are back.
:'''Paimon:''' Miss Tang Wen, look what we brought back for you?
:'''Tang Wen:''' Hmm? What a unique aroma...
:'''Tang Wen:''' I can't wait, please let me try it!
;(Give food)

;(If Delicious Jueyun Guoba was submitted)
::'''Tang Wen:''' This, this taste... A crisp texture, a rich fragrance, and flavor mixed with a hint of spice...
;(If Delicious Bamboo Shoot Soup was submitted)
::'''Tang Wen:''' This, this taste... A mellow aftertaste, a rich fragrance, and flavor mixed with a hint of savory notes...
;(If Delicious Grilled Tiger Fish was submitted)
::'''Tang Wen:''' This, this taste... Although it's just a simple Grilled Tiger Fish, it's crispy outside, tender inside, and has a rich fragrance and flavor mixed with a lingering sweet aftertaste...
:'''Tang Wen:''' The strange taste in my mouth has been washed away.
:'''Tang Wen:''' It's so delicious! I never thought I would be able to taste such a delicacy in a foreign city...
:'''Tang Wen:''' Thank you so much, here's something for you. Please, you must take it.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Absolutely Unique Delicacy
|zhs     = 绝对独特的美食
|zhs_rm  = Juéduì Dútè de Měishí
|zht     = 絕對獨特的美食
|zht_rm  = Juéduì Dútè de Měishí
|zh_tl   = Absolutely Unique Dish
|ja      = 絶対ユニークな一品
|ja_rm   = Zettai Yuniiku-na Ippin
|ja_tl   = Absolutely Unique Dish
|ko      = 진짜 독특한 음식
|ko_tl   = Absolutely Unique Food
|es      = Un manjar único
|es_tl   = An Unique Delicacy
|fr      = Un mets absolument unique
|fr_tl   = An Absolutely Unique Dish
|ru      = Абсолютно уникальное угощение
|ru_tl   = Absolutely Unique Food
|th      = อาหารเลิศรสที่ไม่ซ้ำใคร
|th_rm   = A-han Loet-rot thi Mai Sam Khrai
|th_tl   = Unique Delicacy
|vi      = Món Ngon Độc Đáo Tuyệt Đối
|vi_tl   = Absolutely Unique Delicious Dish
|de      = Absolut einzigartiger Leckerbissen
|de_tl   = Absolutely Unique Delicacy
|id      = Masakan yang Benar-Benar Khas
|id_tl   = Truly Unique Cuisine
|pt      = Um Manjar Absolutamente Único e Delicioso
|pt_tl   = An Absolutely Unique and Delicious Delicacy
|tr      = Kesinlikle Eşsiz Bir Lezzet
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Prelibatezza specialissima
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|In Series}}

[[es:Un manjar único]]