{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Enemy Family
}}
{{About|the location, the entity, and its creatures|the Special Domain|Spiral Abyss|the organization|Abyss Order|the bottomless pits inside Domains and [[Enkanomiya]]|Out of Bounds}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = The Abyss - Perilous Trails.png
|caption      = The [[Traveler]]'s interpretation of the Abyss from the [[Perilous Trail]] quest.
|type         = Lore
|type2        = Locations
}}
The '''Abyss''', also known as the '''Void Realm''', is a term which refers to three interconnected concepts:
# As the Void Realm, it is one of the three [[realm]]s in the world of [[Teyvat]], alongside the [[Human Realm]] and the [[Light Realm]]. While the Human Realm and Light Realms are capable of adjusting to accommodate each other's existences, the Void Realm is devastating to both.<ref name="pieceAerosid">{{Ref/Item|Piece of Aerosiderite}}</ref><ref name="3Realms-1">{{Ref/Quest|Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve}}</ref>
# A mysterious realm of endless darkness located both beyond and beneath Teyvat,<ref>{{Ref/Item|Bit of Aerosiderite}}</ref><ref name="tart4">{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|4}}</ref> described as an entirely different world from Teyvat.<ref name="Mask of the Kijin">{{Ref/Item|Mask of the Kijin}}</ref>
# Creatures that are endemic to the Abyss, such as [[Riftwolves]].

==Overview==
The Abyss' "unworldly" power is diametrically opposed to the Light Realm's and can [[Abyssal Corruption|corrupt]] entities from the Human Realm, which are under [[Celestia]]'s dominion. The Void Realm's dark currents are analogous to the Human Realm's [[Ley Lines]] and the Light Realm's elemental currents. Its darkness is extremely harmful towards elemental beings such as [[Vishap]]s and elemental dragons, although they are capable of repelling the darkness by harnessing the Light Realm's power.<ref name="3Realms-1" />

The Abyss' darkness is described as the only kind of power that could dye [[Morax]]'s stone pillars black.<ref name="pieceAerosid" /> [[Venti]], another [[Archon]], was poisoned by [[Durin]]'s Abyss-laced blood when his attempt to connect with [[Dvalin]] was interrupted by the [[Traveler]]; only by visiting the [[Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero]] at [[Windrise]] could Venti expunge the Abyssal poison from himself.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Let the Wind Lead (Quest)}}</ref> The rest of Durin's blood was spilt in [[Dragonspine]], where it crystallized into [[Crimson Agate]], a substance capable of reviving the [[Frostbearing Tree]], which died thousands of years ago after the [[Skyfrost Nail]] dropped from Celestia. Previous attempts to revive the tree failed, indicating that Durin's blood had special properties.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Frostbearer|Lore}}</ref>

Prolonged exposure to the Abyss can drastically change a person's personality or corrupt their entire being.<ref name="Mask of the Kijin" /><ref>{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|5}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Arti|Shaft of Remembrance|quote=He will eventually return to me, even if he were to be [...] turned into a fierce beast by that dark defilement...}}</ref> Humans exposed to Abyssal energy will slowly begin to decay over time; even with treatment, large amounts of Abyssal energy will result in death. The [[Traveler]], who is immune to the negative effects of the Abyss, has the ability to purify Abyssal energy to some degree.

The Abyss appears to be attracted to &mdash; and draws in &mdash; those with great ambition, such as [[Rhinedottir]] and [[Tartaglia]]. Those who have personal ties to the Abyss have been known to gain an uncanny ability to wreak havoc and conflict.<ref name="tart4" /><ref name="BreezeFor">{{Ref/Book|Breeze Amidst the Forest|1}}</ref> [[Tsumi]] believes that the Abyss Order finds the Void Realm's power addictive.<ref name="3Realms-1" /> 

The Abyss appears to have a mind of its own to the point that it could be considered an entity; [[Kitsune Saiguu]] refers to it as such,<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Hakushin Ring|Lore|quote="So then, the dark will that gnaws at me..."}}</ref> while during the [[cataclysm]] and events of [[Natlan]]'s [[Chapter V|Archon Quests]], the Abyss tailored its events to each of the six tribes and increased the frequency of its attacks as [[Mavuika]]'s plan progressed.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Surging Darkness}}</ref>

Denizens of the Abyss appear to use an [[Languages#Enochian-Based Language|Enochian-based language]], based on the text that can be seen above [[Abyss Mages]]' heads when talking to [[Hilichurls]] and in their [[Adventurer Handbook]] description. Abyss monsters also have the ability to manipulate elemental energy without the use of [[Vision]]s. 

Time in the Abyss passes differently than it does in Teyvat; Tartaglia spent three months in there, but returned to a Teyvat that had only seen three days pass since his disappearance.<ref name="tart4" /> When [[Takamine the Mistsplitter]] finally emerged from the Abyss, a long time had passed on Teyvat and [[Asase Hibiki]] was "no longer young."<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Thundering Pulse|Lore}}</ref> It is unclear whether this time scale disparity is consistent, or if it can change depending on certain factors.

==Denizens of the Abyss==
{{Enemy Table|The Abyss}}

===Notable Entities===
{{Characters by Category List|Abyss¦The Abyss|3
|full_header=There are '''%PAGES%''' [[character]]s who are from or affiliated with the Abyss
}}

===Other Entities===
The following entities have been affiliated with the Abyss, although they have not necessarily been linked to the Abyss Order:
* The "beast of sin" which corrupted [[Chiyo]].<ref name="Mask of the Kijin" />
* The [[Five Sinners of Khaenri'ah]], among whom is "The Visionary" [[Vedrfolnir]] who inspired [[Chlothar]] to form the Abyss Order.

==Abyss Order==
{{main|Abyss Order}}
The '''Abyss Order''' is an organization comprised mostly of non-human beings that harness both the elements and Abyssal power, seeking to ruin Teyvat as retaliation for the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago. Its members are former citizens of [[Khaenri'ah]] who were transformed into monsters through a yet unclear process, speculated to be the divine punishment of the [[Heavenly Principles]] and other gods of Celestia, such as the [[Unknown God]]. After being separated by the [[Unknown God]], the [[Traveler's Sibling]] has also become the leader of the Abyss Order. The Abyss Order usually conscripts [[Hilichurls]] and [[Abyss Mage]]s<nowiki/> to do their work.

==Story==
===Ancient History===
According to legend, when the [[Heavenly Principles]] descended on the world, it created the Human Realm after defeating the [[Seven Sovereigns]] of the Light Realm, subjugating both nature and those of the Light Realm who hadn't escaped into the ocean.<ref>{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2|title=Before Sun and Moon}}</ref><ref name="LS:Light Realm">{{Ref/Loading|Others|Light Realm}}</ref>

During the war between the Heavenly Principles and the [[Second Who Came]], the region of [[Enkanomiya]] fell into the ocean depths, where the forces of the Light Realm and the Void Realm already existed. With the addition of a Human Realm aspect, the Vishaps who had fled into the oceans grew hostile towards the stranded people and were only fended off through the creation of the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]] and later, the intervention of the [[god]] [[Orobashi]]. The people of Enkanomiya built the Towers of the Three Realms to regulate the powers of the Human Realm, Light Realm, and Void Realm. These towers, known as [[Kunado's Locus]], [[Yachimatahiko's Locus]], and [[Yachimatahime's Locus]], were hidden using techniques only known by shrine maidens and the [[Vassals of Watatsumi]].<ref>{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|3|title=Hydrological Studies in Byakuyakoku}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Three Great Martial Trials}}</ref>

===The Cataclysm===
At some point, five prominent individuals from Khaenri'ah; [[Surtalogi]], [[Rhinedottir]], [[Vedrfolnir]], [[Hroptatyr]] and [[Rerir]] became tempted by the call of the Abyss and discovered a massive source of power from it that could destroy Teyvat. They shared it among themselves, becoming the [[Five Sinners of Khaenri'ah]], but also transcendent beings with "world-shattering" power.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Memories That Should Not Exist}}</ref>

Five hundred years ago, during the cataclysm, the fall of Khaenri'ah's [[Eclipse Dynasty]] came at the hands of the gods. The "great sinner" Rhinedottir, also known as Gold, created an enormous amount of monsters containing Abyssal power. These monsters proceeded to ravage Teyvat, causing widespread destruction.<ref name="BreezeFor" /><ref>{{Ref/Item|Chunk of Aerosiderite}}</ref> It is unclear whether the gods' attack on Khaenri'ah came before or after her actions, but the two events are inextricably linked. Following the destruction of Khaenri'ah, the pure-blooded inhabitants, seen as greater "sinners", were cursed with immortality, whereas the non-pure, or lesser "sinners", who came from mixed blood were instead cursed to become various monsters such as [[hilichurls]], [[Abyss Mage]]s, [[Abyss Herald]]s or [[Abyss Lector]]s.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Soul Set Apart}}</ref>

When the great beast [[Elynas (NPC)|Elynas]] arrived in [[Fontaine]], many Abyssal sea creatures also emerged with it; Elynas' presence caused severe pollution to the nation's land and water. The Fontaine Armada was recalled to tackle the beast, during which they pursued Elynas over the course of 35 days while attracting all types of Abyssal creatures in the process. Elynas had begun to bleed from unknown wounds and eventually died; through his remains and the power of the Abyss, the [[Breacher Primus]] species who still roam the remains of Elynas were created.

In Natlan, the Abyss caused more damage during the cataclysm due to the nation's lack of stable, deep-rooted Ley Lines, seemingly adjusting their attacks to each tribe. Eventually they were temporarily repelled by the [[Pyro Archon]] Mavuika and several ancient heroes of the time; [[Tenoch]], [[Sundjatta]], [[Sanhaj]], [[Burkina]], [[Tupac]], [[Wanjiru]] and [[Menilek]]. Knowing the Abyss would return into the future, Mavuika drafted a plan that would require the [[Ancient Name]] bearers to pass their names down in the future while the tribes rebuilt, and the [[Wayob]] would send their hero when the time came to indicate that the tribe was ready to fight. However, the Abyss became aware of the plan and infiltrated the Night Kingdom, slowly infecting it and the Wayobs within them to prevent it from being passed down. This worked to some degree, as only three of the tribes were ready by the time she awoke 500 years later.

The Abyss would overrun Ochkanatlan, causing the ancient city to be sealed off by the Flower-Feather Clan. Those who snuck around the patrols to investigate the city perished to the monsters within.

Meanwhile, to keep the Abyss at bay, the [[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame]] and [[Night Warden Wars]] were conducted to produce [[Contending Fire]], a source of energy to fuel the [[Sacred Flame]]. The Sacred Flame would keep a majority of the Abyss at bay as long as it was not extinguished. During the Night Warden Wars, which sent Ancient Name bearers into the Night Kingdom to fight the Abyss, the Abyss would occasionally win the battle by adapting and adjusting tactics.

===Present===
When Tartaglia was fourteen, he ran away from [[Morepesok|home]], and after falling into a deep hole, he found himself in the Abyss. There, he encountered a swordswoman,<ref name="tart4" /> [[Skirk]],<ref name="tartvl">{{Ref/VO|Tartaglia|About Skirk}}</ref> who trained him, taught him to navigate the Abyss, and nurtured his ability to raise endless conflict no matter where he went.<ref name="tart4" />

When [[Scaramouche]] joined the [[Fatui]] and had his seal unlocked by [[Il Dottore]], the [[Tsaritsa]] and [[Pierro]] would have him lead expeditions into the Abyss. Whatever he found there promoted him into the Sixth of the [[Fatui Harbinger]], though following this promotion he was ordered to be on standby.

After the Traveler retrieves the [[Bloodbranch Coral]] so [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]] could perform the [[Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri]], a ritual used to reverse [[Watatsumi Island]]'s [[Holy Soil]] phenomenon. However, unexpectedly, the phenomenon failed to reverse and merely halted. Concerned, the Divine Priestess sent a team to investigate, only to discover that Enkanomiya was shrouded in a mysterious darkness.<ref name="3Realms-1" /> This darkness turned out to be the encroachment of the Void Realm, instigated by [[Enjou]], who convinced the [[Bathysmal Vishap]]s to disrupt the Towers of the Three Realms in favor of the Void Realm. The vishaps, eager to overthrow human presence, complied, only to discover that they were even more susceptible to Abyssal power. [[Tsumi]] went to the [[Watatsumi Army|Watatsumi troops]] in the guise of a shrine maiden to aid in repelling the Void Realm, rescue the vishaps trapped under the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]], and perhaps even destroy the tower. Although she succeeds in her former two goals, she ultimately finds herself unable to carry through with her last objective.<ref name="3Realms-4">{{Ref/Quest|Three Realms Gateway Offering: Aftermath}}</ref>

When the Traveler arrived at Natlan, they learned about the peoples' history with the Abyss and how they continually fought against them. After one [[Night Warden Wars|Night Warden War]], the Abyss attacked the [[People of the Springs]], but the attack was repulsed by the tribe. Nonetheless, it served as a warning for the other tribes to prepare for the possibility of attack. Kachina failed to return from the war despite the usage of the [[Ode of Resurrection]] (as the team had won), prompting Mavuika to suspend further pilgrimages and wars until the situation could be resolved. A group consisting of [[Mualani]], [[Iansan]], [[Chasca]] and the Traveler entered the Night Kingdom and rescued Kachina, while removing some corruption from the [[Children of Echoes]]' Wayob. The Abyss attempted to swallow the group whole and managed to close an exit back to the surface, but Mavuika saved the group by sacrificing her keepsakes to break into the Night Kingdom.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Into Eternal Night}}</ref>

Eventually, another hero was discovered by [[Ororon]] after he had a new desire to continue living, prompting the Abyss to increase the frequency of their attacks upon realizing he was one of the two heroes that had not been found yet. The Abyss soon enacted a full-scale invasion of the entire nation, particularly in the [[Flower-Feather Clan]] as their hero had yet to be discovered. The invasion initially appeared to have trouble getting a foothold, but the Abyss soon ramped up the invasion with the Heart of the Abyss making an appearance, also referred to [[Gosoythoth]], and began dropping more dangerous monsters with the use of [[Abyssal Tumors]] and [[Abyssal Pylon|Pylons]], slowly beginning to overwhelm the defenses all over the nation. Eventually, the final hero was discovered as [[Chasca]] after she accepted the grief of losing [[Chuychu]], and with all six heroes now found, Mavuika channeled their and [[Ronova]]'s power to end the invasion for good. She could sense that the Abyss had retreated to the depths of the Night Kingdom, and asked the Traveler to accompany her when the time came to stomp the Abyss out of Natlan for good.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Fuel Named "Fate"}}</ref> When the time came, Mavuika asked the Traveler to accompany her on an expedition into the deepest depths of the Night Kingdom to destroy the Abyss for good. The Abyss did all it could to repel them, but they had help from the souls of the people who were lost to the Abyss' full-scale invasion. Thanks to them, they were able to reach the Heart of the Abyss, which fought them itself by manifesting the [[Lord of Eroded Primal Fire]] from the memories of the late [[Xiuhcoatl|Pyro Sovereign]]. During the battle, the Traveler finally gains the ability to wield the [[Pyro]] element for themselves, which they use alongside Mavuika to eradicate the Abyss in Natlan for good.

According to [[Helka]], [[Katya]] told her that the Abyss' influence was growing in [[Snezhnaya]] and that she avoid the northern paths into the city if she returned.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Helka}}</ref> The Abyss is known as [[The Wild Hunt]] in [[Nod-Krai]], and their armies consist of corrupted, soulless entities who storm the wilderness and canyons searching for something in the area.<ref>[[Song of the Welkin Moon]]</ref>

==Trivia==
* The Abyss is the only enemy group that does not have any [[Common Enemy|Common Enemies]].
* The color of [[Marana's Avatar]] and the effects of [[The Withering|Marana]], or the [[The Withering]], on Teyvat implied that "[[forbidden knowledge]]" has some link to the Abyss. [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] confirmed that the "forbidden knowledge" originated from the very bottom of the Abyss, which also doesn't belong to Teyvat.

===Etymology===
* In both English and Chinese, the term {{Lang|"abyss"|zh=深渊|zh_rm=Shēnyuān|zh_lit=deep abyss}}, can refer to a literal bottomless (or unfathomably deep) pit, or used in a figurative sense to refer to a catastrophic or destructive situation.<ref>Wiktionary: {{zh|{{wt|深淵|深渊|Chinese}}}}</ref><ref>Wiktionary: {{wt|abyss||English}}</ref><ref>Cambridge Dictionary: [https://dictionary.cambridge.org/us/dictionary/english/abyss abyss] (Definition 2)</ref>
* The Chinese name for the Void Realm is {{zh|虚无界}}, which is similar to but distinct from the "Void" used in ''[[The Byakuyakoku Collection#Vol. 4|Bathysmal Vishap Experimental Records]]'', which is {{zh|虚空}}. As adjectives, both can mean "empty" or "void," but as nouns, {{zh|{{wt|虛無|虚无|Chinese}}}} means "nothingness" whereas {{zh|{{wt|虛空||Chinese}}}} means "empty space" or "sky."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Abyss
|zhs     = 深渊
|zhs_rm  = Shēnyuān
|zht     = 深淵
|zht_rm  = Shēnyuān
|zh_tl   = Deep Abyss
|ja      = アビス
|ja_rm   = Abisu
|ja_tl   = Abyss
|ko      = {{tt|심연|深淵}}
|ko_tl   = Abyss
|es      = Abismo
|es_tl   = Abyss
|fr      = Abîme
|fr_tl   = Abyss
|ru      = Бездна
|ru_tl   = Abyss
|th      = Abyss
|vi      = Vực Sâu
|vi_tl   = Abyss
|de      = Abgrund
|de_tl   = Abyss
|id      = Abyss
|pt      = Abismo
|pt_tl   = Abyss
|tr      = Hiçlik
|tr_tl   = Abyss
|it      = Abisso
|it_tl   = Abyss
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Other|state=collapsed}}
{{Enemy Navbox|type=Families}}
[[Category:The Abyss| ]]

[[de:Der Abgrund]]
[[es:Abismo]]
[[ja:アビス]]
[[pl:Otchłań]]
[[pt-br:Abismo]]
[[th:Abyss]]
[[vi:Vực Sâu]]