{{About|the quest|the enemy type|Abyss Mages}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00397
|image         = Archon Quest C0A3 Abyss Mage.png
|title         = Abyss Mage
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = III
|act           = Song of the Dragon and Freedom
|part          = 1
|startLocation = [[Dawn Winery]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Dawn Winery
|prev          = Reunion With the Dragon
|next          = Hurdle
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Mora*10,725;Adventurer's Experience*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*2
|characters    = Diluc;Jean;Paimon;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|3|part=1|title=Abyss Mage}}

==Steps==
#Meet [[Diluc]] at the [[Dawn Winery|Winery]]
#Talk to Diluc
#Defeat the assailants {{Enemy List|Hydro Abyss Mage;Hydro Samachurl;Cryo Hilichurl Shooter}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You used the [[Holy Lyre der Himmel]] to summon [[Stormterror]], only to be prevented from saving it due to the interference of the [[Abyss Order]]. But you haven't given up yet &mdash; Diluc has been able to swiftly obtain a new lead...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Diluc)
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The Abyss Order... Enemies of the human race. Even the underground networks rarely come across any information on them.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' With that said, it was a bit of a hassle, but I managed to dig up a few clues.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Really? That quickly? You really are well connected, Master Diluc.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come to think of it, Mr. Big Anemo God [[Barbatos]] &mdash; why exactly do you need the help of mere humans...?
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ahh... How do I put it...
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' "[[The Seven]]" as people now know them, were once known as "The Seven Archons."
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Each archon presides over their own part of [[Teyvat]]. That is the role the archons play.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Only in performing this duty can we attain power, but I don't like the idea of "ruling" [[Mondstadt]] &mdash; and I don't feel Mondstadt would really like it either.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' "Go forth and establish a city of freedom without rule." We have not forgotten Barbatos' wish for Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Jean... You're such a devotee!
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe someone got a little too free and is just too lazy to care...
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ahh... However it may have come to be... I haven't been back to Mondstadt for an extended period of time.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Without a doubt, I am now the weakest archon among The Seven!
:{{DIcon}} And yet you sound almost proud...
:{{DIcon}} Guess that's why you're god to the City of Freedom...
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Aww, you flatter me.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Oh, such a humble god... Is it a blessing, or a curse?
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' But we digress. Let's get back to the topic at hand: the common enemy of all mankind.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' We have tracked the {{Color|buzzword|Abyss Mage}} to the vicinity of the {{Color|buzzword|winery}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 1 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I cannot stress enough how important it is to not let it escape.
:{{DIcon}} Let's hunt it down!
----
;(After defeating the assailants)
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Huh? What's this...
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' After the [[Abyss Mage]] was defeated, a certain energy dispersed from its body...
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It seems that energy was being used to cut off the connection between me and [[Dvalin]].
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' {{Traveler}}, do you know of {{Color|buzzword|Stormterror's Lair}}?
:{{DIcon}} Nope.
::{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 06a.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But Jean and Master Diluc are no doubt aware of it.
:{{DIcon}} I think I've heard people talking about it in Mondstadt.
::{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 06b.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Of course. I believe the people of Mondstadt all know of it.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' After Dvalin woke up, he took the ancient ruins as his lair.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' As it was with the storms that previously cut Mondstadt off from the outside world, the entrance to the ruins is also sealed by a special barrier.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But now, as the energy dispersed from the Abyss Mage, I was able to read the rhythmic flow of how the barrier's magic was woven.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I must admit, it sounds even more horrendous than a chorus of hilichurls, but...
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...It should be enough to let us break through the storm barrier and reach {{Color|buzzword|Stormterror's Lair}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Which means we're going to confront Dvalin?
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I'm fine with that... Jean is the one who wishes to avoid any direct confrontation.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' No. When there are no other options left, it is my responsibility to alter our course of action.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' If slaying him is our only choice, I will gladly become the knight that leads the charge.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Fortunately, we have yet to need to go that far.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmm?
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' By that, you mean...
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 13.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I mean that the Holy Lyre is not our trump card.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 14.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Our real trump card? {{Traveler}} of course.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Is it because I purified the [[Teardrop Crystal]]?
::{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 15a.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Agreed.
:{{DIcon}} Is it because I can fight?
::{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 15b 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well, you could say that... You're definitely a force to be reckoned with.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 15b 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But you have a much more precious forte.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 16.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The impurities in the tears, and the curse that binds Dvalin belong to the same maleficent power.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 17.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Which means...
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You Tone-Deaf Bard, don't you see how crazy this is?
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You've seen what Dvalin is like when he's ticked off! {{Traveler}} will be swallowed whole before {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} even gets to lift a finger!<ref group=Note>Actual voice-over: "She will be swallowed whole [...]" ''(She is used for male and female Traveler.)''</ref>
:{{DIcon}} Weren't we just talking about how I can fight?
:{{DIcon}} This battle... it's going to take everything everyone's got.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...Hey.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Nice plan. Worth a shot.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 qin 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I am with you, Honorary Knight!
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ho~! So we just need to fight monsters from the abyss... and a dragon! No pressure or anything.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Humans aren't without their strengths. Let's go.
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 18.ogg}} '''Venti:''' And so...
:{{A|vo mdaq064 3 venti 19.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The epic actions of brave heroes finally leads to this eleventh hour.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Abyss Mage
|zhs     = 深渊法师
|zhs_rm  = Shēnyuān Fǎshī
|zht     = 深淵法師
|zht_rm  = Shēnyuān Fǎshī
|zh_tl   = Abyss Mage
|ja      = アビスの魔術師
|ja_rm   = Abisu no Majutsushi
|ja_tl   = Mage of the Abyss
|ko      = 심연 메이지
|ko_tl   = Abyss Mage
|es      = Mago del Abismo
|es_tl   = Abyss Mage
|fr      = Mages de l'Abîme
|fr_tl   = Abyss Mages
|ru      = Маг Бездны
|ru_tl   = Abyss Mage
|th      = Abyss Mage
|vi      = {{tt|Pháp Sư|法師}} {{tt|Vực|域}} Sâu
|vi_tl   = Abyss Mage
|de      = Abgrundmagier
|de_tl   = Abyss Mage
|id      = Abyss Mage
|pt      = Feiticeiro do Abismo
|pt_tl   = Abyss Sorcerer
|tr      = Hiçlik Büyücüsü
|tr_tl   = Abyss Mage
|it      = Mago dell'Abisso
|it_tl   = Abyss Mage
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[es:Mago del Abismo (misión)]]
[[ja:アビスの魔術師 (任務)]]
[[pt-br:Feiticeiro do Abismo (Missão)]]
[[vi:Pháp Sư Vực Sâu (Nhiệm Vụ)]]