{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest Academic Exchange.png
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|event_name    = A Study in Potions
|part          = 2
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Elixirs and Potions
|next          = 
|mora          = 10,000
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
|characters    = Paimon; Timaeus; Traveler; Ying'er
}}
'''Academic Exchange''' is an Event Quest during the [[A Study in Potions]] event.

==Steps==
# Report the effects of the Smoldersleet Potions to [[Timaeus]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Smoldersleet Potion's phased trials are over. It is time to report back to Timaeus...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Paimon:''' Well, we sure used our Smoldersleet Potions a ton of times back  in that Domain, didn't we?
:'''Paimon:''' Guess it's time to head back and look for Timaeus!

;(Approach the crafting bench)
:'''Timaeus:''' You're back! How are the Smoldersleet Potions performing?
:{{DIcon}} I just wish we could use it outside Domains.
::'''Paimon:''' Yup! That would take the cake!
::'''Timaeus:''' Oh? Seems like you liked it. Go on then, give us the details!
:{{DIcon}} I think there's room for improvement.
::'''Paimon:''' That's true... For example, it would be better if we could use it outside Domains!
::'''Timaeus:''' True. I was just discussing the issue with Ms. Ying'er. Please, give us all the details.

:'''You explain what happened during the test run in detail.'''

:'''Timaeus:''' It's just as you predicted, Ms. Ying'er!
:'''Timaeus:''' Our path for improvement is clear &mdash; we must somehow contain the sublimated substances within a set area.
:'''Timaeus:''' Perhaps we could reverse the special characteristics of dandelions to create special excipients that can prevent the substances from being affected by the flow of air.
:'''Timaeus:''' There is no precedent to such a method though, and we will need a great number of trials to prove its feasibility.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, Paimon couldn't make sense of that at all.
:'''Paimon:''' Still, it feels like you made some important suggestions each time, Ms. Ying'er.
:'''Ying'er:''' Ah, I don't think I ever came up with such a detailed postulation.
:'''Ying'er:''' Well, my hardworking alchemist, are you trying to fathom my depths, or are you just trying to please me through flattery?
:'''Timaeus:''' I&mdash;I'm just expressing my admiration for your knowledge!
:'''Ying'er:''' Alright, alright. You'd best give it your all, now. Who knows? You might have to use some alternative sources of knowledge in the future, too.
:'''Ying'er:''' Don't forget to keep me posted once your research succeeds.
:'''Timaeus:''' Of course! When that time comes, I'll send you my best potions as a memento!
:'''Timaeus:''' You know, Ms. Ying'er, if you have the time, would you like to come with us to Wanmin Restaurant...?
:'''Ying'er:''' Oh, I'm afraid our academic exchange must come to an end for now. There are still many matters I must attend to at Scent of Spring.
:'''Ying'er:''' Don't forget to drop by often~
:{{DIcon}} We will!
:'''Paimon:''' Thanks, Ms. Ying'er!

:'''Ying'er leaves.'''

:'''Timaeus:''' *sigh* I couldn't say it in the end, huh?
:'''Timaeus:''' But considering that I'd already given her so much trouble, it was probably for the best that I didn't take up any more of her time.
:'''Timaeus:''' Alright then. We'll calm down a bit, and wait for a suitable opportunity...
:'''Paimon:''' What are you talking to yourself about, Timaeus?
:'''Timaeus:''' Uh, N—Nothing!
:'''Timaeus:''' Thanks for your help so far! As we agreed, I'll treat you both to a great meal at Wanmin Restaurant.
:{{DIcon}} I'd almost forgotten...
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, that's right! Alright, alright, alright! Time for a great big meal!

:'''You go to Wanmin Restaurant with Timaeus and have a hearty meal.'''

:'''Paimon:''' Whew! Paimon's super full!
:'''Paimon:''' Actually, this research was pretty cool! You should bring us along next time you come to Liyue, Timaeus!
:{{DIcon}} You know, Paimon, somehow I doubt that you're in it for the research.
:{{DIcon}} You're just here for the free meal, aren't you?
:'''Paimon:''' C'mon! Paimon did help... ask for directions!
:'''Timaeus:''' Haha! Whatever the case, thank you both so much!
:'''Timaeus:''' But once I return to Mondstadt, I'll be throwing myself into improving the Smoldersleet Potion, so I'm afraid I won't be coming back to Liyue for some time.
:'''Timaeus:''' Maybe I'll have to ask you to help me deliver a letter. I mean, I still haven't properly thanked Ms. Ying'er for her help.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Weren't you two discussing stuff the whole time? Why didn't you just tell her?
:'''Timaeus:''' *cough* Well, uh, Ms. Ying'er's manner of speech is just too... too special! I must consider my words very carefully, and in such cases, penning a letter is naturally superior to speaking face-to-face...
:'''Timaeus:''' Well now, time presses. Let's head back to Mondstadt right now. Why, I can't wait to create the perfected version of my Smoldersleet Potion!
:'''Paimon:''' Traveler, do you get the feeling that Timaeus has been acting all weird ever since we said bye to Ms. Ying'er?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't get it...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Academic Exchange
|zhs     = 学术的往来
|zhs_rm  = Xuéshù de Wǎnglái
|zht     = 學術的往來
|zht_rm  = Xuéshù de Wǎnglái
|zh_tl   = Academic Exchange
|ja      = 学術交流
|ja_rm   = Gakujutsu Kouryuu
|ja_tl   = Academic Exchange
|ko      = 학술 교류
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Intercambio académico
|es_tl   = Academic Exchange
|fr      = Échange académique
|fr_tl   = Academic Exchange
|ru      = Разговоры о науке
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ไปมาหาสู่ทางวิชาการ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nguồn Gốc Của Học Thuật
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Akademischer Austausch
|de_tl   = Academic Exchange
|id      = Pertukaran Akademis
|id_tl   = Academic Exchange
|pt      = Intercâmbio Acadêmico
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

[[pt-br:Intercâmbio Acadêmico]]