{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19018
|image         = Hangout Event Accidental Encounter.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Gorou
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Canine General's Special Operations
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = 
|next          = What Shall We Do?
|next2         = Special Training
|next3         = Secret Identity
|next4         = A Friend's Path
|next5         = Ordinary Memorial
|characters    = Aratani; Gorou; Traveler; Yae Miko
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Accidental Encounter''''' is a quest in {{Quest|The Canine General's Special Operations}}.

==Steps==
# Talk to Gorou
# Talk to Gorou about how to deal with the situation
#* Tell Gorou to ignore Yae.
#** Yae Miko's not all bad...
#*** Keep Gorou company. Proceed to [[A Friend's Path]].
#*** Keep watch at Yae Publishing House. Proceed to [[Secret Identity]].
#** Steer clear of Yae Publishing House. Proceed to [[Ordinary Memorial]].
#* Help Gorou overcome his weakness.
#** Start with theoretical study... Proceed to [[What Shall We Do?]]
#** Act as a personality Gorou find difficult to deal with... Proceed to [[Special Training]].

==Dialogue==
===Accidental Encounter===
{{Quest Description|You meet Gorou and Yae Miko near Yae Publishing House. Gorou seems to be somewhat troubled...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Gorou)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I really can't recommend that store highly enough. A couple more visits, and you'll find that the fur on your tail is silky-smooth.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' A gorgeous tail like yours deserves lots of tender loving care. Hehe... don't you agree?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' No need, I'm not interested in that kind of thing.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You say that... but do I see your ears saying otherwise?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Although your tail isn't professionally maintained, the fur doesn't look dry and coarse. To me, this says you like to take care of it.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'm also guessing that you like to curl up into a fetal position and hug your fluffy tail tight as you go off to sleep.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' How do you kn&mdash; Ahem!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 46.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Don't be ridiculous! I'm a high-ranking general of Watatsumi Island, how could I do such a thing!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It's okay, there's no need to be embarrassed. The desire to cuddle up to a soft tail while sleeping is quite natural.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Really?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Wait, no, why are we still on this topic...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' In fact, why am I even here talking about tails with you in the first place?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Why... Because you are blessed with a wonderful fluffy tail, that's why. I think it's very cute.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Argh, I'm trapped... how do I get out of this...
:{{DIcon}} Alright, that's enough!
:{{DIcon}} Don't bully Gorou!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' {{Traveler}}... Thank goodness.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Please, save me...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? And how is my favorite little one doing, hmm?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I didn't expect to meet you here. We were just talking about tails...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Gorou has a beautiful tail, don't you think? Doesn't it make you want to stroke it?
:{{DIcon}} (Look warily at Yae Miko)
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, don't be nervous. Just follow your heart's desire.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 09a.ogg}} {{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 09b.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' {{Traveler}}'s not going to fall for it. We've fought side by side!
:{{DIcon}} (Steal a glance at Gorou's tail)
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hey! Not you too...
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe. Gorou, now do you understand how appealing your tail is?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 aratani 01.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' Pardon me. Lady Guuji, we have completed the matter you instructed us about previously.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 aratani 02.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' We have selected a very skilled artist to be in charge. I'm confident that the finished products will be to your satisfaction...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'll take a look later, and if everything's in order, place it in front of the store.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Alright, I won't tease the two of you any further.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Do make the most of your trip here, won't you? Quite a lot has changed.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe... I wish you both a fun-filled time on [[Narukami Island]].
:{{Black Screen|''Yae Miko and the Yae Publishing House editor depart...''}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Countermeasure Conference===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Gorou about how to deal with the situation)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' There was definitely something strange about the way she looked at me at the end there... Could she be plotting something?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Sorry that you had to see that. The real reason I'm here at [[Yae Publishing House]] is to buy some books for [[Sangonomiya Kokomi|Her Excellency]].
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 13.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Since [[Watatsumi Island]] signed a peace treaty with the [[Shogunate]], we've had much closer contact than we did before.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 14.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I also wanted to come and see what things are like in an area ruled by the Shogunate. I hadn't counted on running into her...
:{{DIcon}} Do you know Yae Miko well?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 15.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I've interacted with her a few times before, but I can't say I've ever gotten used to it.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 16.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I've never been good at dealing with people like her. The way she towers over me, and speaks so cryptically... something about her is strangely intimidating...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 17.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I could probably deal with her in battle, but I don't know where to start when I run into her in normal life. I guess this is a weakness of mine.
:{{DIcon}} It's okay, let's just ignore her.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 33.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' You're right. I've heard Her Excellency say the same thing before &mdash; in any battle, you need to think about how to avoid your shortcomings. As long as I don't come into contact with Yae Miko, everything should be fine.
::{{DIcon}} Actually, Yae Miko's not all bad...
::;(Proceed to [[Accidental Encounter#Branch 3|Branch 3]])
::{{DIcon}} Let's steer clear of Yae Publishing House for now, then.
::;(Proceed to [[Accidental Encounter#Branch 4|Branch 4]])

:{{DIcon}} Why don't I help you overcome this weakness?
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 18.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Really? That would be great.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 19.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' To be honest, this is something that's always worried me. If the soldiers ever saw me in this kind of embarrassing situation, they'd be very disappointed.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 20.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So, I have to overcome it. For their sake.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 21.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' As soon as I've worked through this, let's go take on Yae Miko again!
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 22.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' First things first, though. Do you have any ideas on where to begin, {{Traveler}}?
::{{DIcon}} We can start with some theoretical study...
::;(Proceed to [[Accidental Encounter#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
::{{DIcon}} I can act as a personality you find difficult to deal with...
::;(Proceed to [[Accidental Encounter#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Branch 1====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} We can start with some theoretical study...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 30.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Good plan.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 31.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Start by studying some theory, address the fear at its root, and then I'll have nothing to be afraid of.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 32.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But where would I go to learn about this? I wouldn't know anyone on Narukami Island... Oh! Let's go back to Watatsumi Island and ask around there.
:;(Proceed to [[What Shall We Do?]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Branch 2====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} I can act as a personality you find difficult to deal with...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 23.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I see. So if you pretend to be someone like her, I can keep practicing on you.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 24.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' If I can get the better of you, then I'll be able to hold my own when similar situations come up in the future.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 25.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Good plan! Let's see... Where should we start?
:{{DIcon}} Have you found yourself in scenarios like this before?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 26.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Now that you mention it, I remember having a similar experience back on Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 27.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I was with my subordinates at the time. We ran into a merchant, I got caught up talking to them, and I don't quite know what happened, but I ended up buying a lot of things from them.
:{{DIcon}} Then I'll pretend to be a merchant!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 28.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I think we can give it a try. There's an island called Ritou nearby &mdash; why don't we go there?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 29.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I heard all the outlander merchants are based there, so it might help to create the right atmosphere.
:;(Proceed to [[Special Training]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Branch 3====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Actually, Yae Miko's not all bad...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 41.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Really? Phew, well, it's a relief to hear that.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 42.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' In that case, I still have some business to take care of with the Yae Publishing House.
:{{DIcon}} What is it?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 43.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' They run a monthly magazine called "That's Life," which has an advice column. Readers write in about their problems, and I'm responsible for responding to them.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 44.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I'm not quite sure why they chose me, but it's my job now, and I can't give it up just like that.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 45.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yae Miko just handed me the latest batch of readers' letters. Let's find a place to write the replies, then pack them up and send them back to Yae Publishing House.
;(Proceed to [[Accidental Encounter#The Secret Behind the Letters|The Secret Behind the Letters]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Branch 4====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Let's steer clear of Yae Publishing House for now, then.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 34.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Okay, whatever you think's best. Let's avoid Yae Publishing House for now.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 35.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Actually, there's something else I have to sort out while I'm on Narukami Island. It's a personal matter.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 36.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Back when we were fighting the Shogun's Army at Nazuchi Beach, I had a box with me that contained some very important items.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 37.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' The odds were stacked against us that day, and the resistance was forced to retreat. I had to abandon the box, but I managed to quickly bury it first.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 38.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I went back to collect it on this trip, but it turned out someone had already dug it up. So I asked around the area, and the locals said that apparently, the Adventurers' Guild had beaten me to it.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 39.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' That box is very important to me. I have to get it back from the [[Adventurers' Guild]]. Would you mind coming along?
:{{DIcon}} No problem.
:{{DIcon}} Well, since you asked...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901801 gorou 40.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Thank you so much. Let's head right over &mdash; time is of the essence.
:;(Proceed to [[Ordinary Memorial]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Secret Behind the Letters===
{{Quest Description|update|Gorou would like to finish writing replies to his readers, and you decide to help him out.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to a quiet spot to finish writing the replies)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' This place looks nice and quiet.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Why don't we write the replies here? The sooner I get them finished and handed back to the publisher, the sooner we can go do something else.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I just hope I don't have another run-in with you-know-who at Yae Publishing House later...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Anyway, the writing could take me some time. The questions I receive are often so strange that I have to think long and hard about how to best answer them.
:{{DIcon}} I'll stay and keep you company.
:;(Proceed to [[Accidental Encounter#Branch 6|Branch 6]])
:{{DIcon}} I'll go keep watch at Yae Publishing House.
:;(Proceed to [[Accidental Encounter#Branch 5|Branch 5]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Branch 5====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} I'll go keep watch at Yae Publishing House.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 50.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Ah, you want to scout ahead?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 51.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yeah, that works. This way, if Yae Miko's lying in wait for me there, I can avoid her.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 52.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But stay sharp, okay! She is a force to be reckoned with... you must be sure to tread carefully.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 53.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' If you spot her, get yourself back here right away, and we'll run for our lives!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 54.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I mean, um, ahem, we'll make a strategic retreat... Anyway. I'm counting on you.
:;(Proceed to [[Secret Identity]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Branch 6====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} I'll stay and keep you company.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Great. Let's write the replies together. I'm actually interested to hear your perspective.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Let me see here... hmm, let's start with this one.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' "Today, a new guy came to our village. He was good-looking and had a lovely voice."
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' "When I peeked at him from behind the door, I felt my cheeks getting hotter, and my heart started beating faster and faster..."
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' See, I can tell right away that this is exactly the kind of question I'm no good at dealing with. The letter seems to be from a young lady... which is not a demographic where I can offer much expertise...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' {{Traveler}}, what's your take?
:{{DIcon}} It sounds like she's falling in love.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hmm... Well, I don't know what it's like to be in love, but if you say so, {{Traveler}}, I think it makes sense.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I'll reply like this then: "It's likely that the feelings you're experiencing right now won't occur many times in your life. I urge you to summon the courage to seize this opportunity and see where it takes you &mdash; no matter where that may be."
::{{DIcon}} More professional than I expected...
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 13.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' What? Really?
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 14.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But that's how it is in battle, too. Opportunities to seize victory are fleeting &mdash; when they arise, you have to capitalize on them right away.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 15.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I imagine it's the same in love? That's my suggestion, anyway... Come on, let's read the next letter.
:{{DIcon}} It sounds like she's falling ill.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 16.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hmmm... I think so too.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 17.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Many soldiers have developed similar symptoms in the past when we march in the rain. It's easy to catch a cold in wet weather.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 18.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I've taken care of ill soldiers personally in the past, so I know this problem well.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 19.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hmm, I'll reply: "The temperature has dropped recently, and it's likely that you've caught a cold. Taking medicine will be an important part of your recovery, but don't overlook the importance of keeping warm and getting plenty of rest, too."
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 20.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I think that should do... Come on, let's read the next letter.
:{{DIcon}} What does this one say?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 21.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' "My neighbor is always borrowing money from me, but never seems to be able to pay me back on time. I have tried subtly raising the issue in conversation several times, but he always finds a way to dodge my questions..."
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 22.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' "He was kind to me when I was young. I don't want to make things ugly, but the money issue bothers me a lot. Please help me."
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 23.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' If this is a dispute between neighbors, it must be settled as soon as possible. It's like when conflict arises between generals in the army &mdash; the proper policy is to resolve it without delay.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 24.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' The most important thing in military regulations is fairness. It is only right to pay back a debt. I want to suggest that the writer demands their money back in no uncertain terms. Do you think it makes sense?
:{{DIcon}} I completely agree.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 25.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Okay, so let's reply along those lines.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 26.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Let me think... how about this: "It is good that you want to repay your neighbor's kindness, but be aware that you can find other ways to do this that don't involve lending them money. Right now, the most important thing for you to do is demand your money back. Being kind does not mean allowing your neighbor to walk all over you."
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 27.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' And we are done with that letter. The next one seems longer, let me see...
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps take a softer tone...
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 28.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' That makes sense, too. Giving the neighbor an ultimatum would likely harm the relationship between them.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 29.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But the letter also makes it clear that no matter how many hints the writer gives him, the neighbor won't return the money...
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 30.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' In that case, how about we reply like this:
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 31.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' "Why not ask to borrow some money from your neighbor? Any sum he agrees to lend you can be used to offset the amount he owes. Even if he refuses to lend to you, at least by asking to borrow from him, you are sending him the message that your own financial position is far from optimal, and he will be unlikely to ask you for money again in the near future."
::{{DIcon}} Are you sure that will work?
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 32.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I don't know. But it's worth a try. The most important thing is to muster the courage to resist, and not give the other person the impression that you are someone they can take advantage of.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 33.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' And we are done with this letter. The next one seems longer, let me see...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 34.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' "Hello, I was born on Narukami Island and I'm now a soldier in the resistance..."
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 35.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So this is from one of my troops?
:{{DIcon}} Is it someone you know?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 36.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Most likely. But I'm not sure who.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 37.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Before passing any readers' letters on to me, Yae Publishing House has their staff copy each one by hand and redact all names in the process.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 38.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So I can't be sure who exactly this is... anyway, let's keep reading.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 39.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' "I couldn't turn a blind eye to the Vision Hunt Decree, and my anger drove me to join the resistance. My comrades and I have fought side by side, and I have formed deep friendships with them."
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 40.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' "Since we achieved our goal and the war came to an end, I have remained on Watatsumi Island. But this is not my hometown, and I often find myself dreaming of the cherry blossoms falling on Narukami Island."
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 41.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' "I now don't know whether to stay here or return home. The [[Watatsumi Army|resistance]] has treated me well, and I've long been disillusioned by the Shogunate, but my hometown tugs constantly at my heartstrings..."
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 42.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' How should I reply to him, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} You'll have to answer this one, Gorou.
:{{DIcon}} I can't help you this time.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 43.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Let me think about it.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 44.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' To be blunt, I obviously don't want any soldiers under my command to leave.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 45.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But, if making them stay causes them pain... how are my actions any different from the Vision Hunt Decree?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 46.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I suppose I'll reply... "Narukami Island has changed. You should go back and visit."
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 47.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' ...That should do it.
:{{DIcon}} Gorou...
:{{DIcon}} Are you okay?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 48.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I'll be okay. Come on, let's finish the rest of the letters.
:{{Black Screen|''You help Gorou write all the replies...''}}
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901802 gorou 49.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Thanks to you, {{Traveler}}, writing the responses went very smoothly this time. Let's go and deliver them to the Yae Publishing House, shall we?
:;(Proceed to [[A Friend's Path]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Accidental Encounter
|zhs     = 意外相遇
|zhs_rm  = Yìwài Xiāngyù
|zht     = 意外相遇
|zht_rm  = Yìwài Xiāngyù
|zh_tl   = Accidental Meeting
|ja      = 意外な出会い
|ja_rm   = Igai-na Deai
|ja_tl   = Unexpected Meeting
|ko      = 우연한 만남
|ko_tl   = Accidental Meeting
|es      = Encuentro fortuito
|es_tl   = Fortuitous Encounter
|fr      = Rencontre fortuite
|fr_tl   = Accidental Encounter
|ru      = Случайная встреча
|ru_tl   = Accidental Meeting
|th      = การพบกันโดยไม่คาดคิด
|th_rm   = Kan Phopkan doi Mai Khat-khit
|th_tl   = Unexpected Encounter
|vi      = Cuộc Gặp Bất Ngờ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Zufällige Begegnung
|de_tl   = Accidental Encouter
|id      = Perjumpaan yang Kebetulan
|id_tl   = Coincidental Encounter
|pt      = Um Encontro Inesperado
|pt_tl   = An Unexpected Encounter
|tr      = Tesadüfen Karşılaşma
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Incontro fortuito
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}