{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Achiyaku.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = May die during [[Despair Engulfs the Heavens]].
Conditions for keeping alive:
* Choose "Under Siege" in Diverging Point #1 during [[The Surging Darkness]]
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Scions of the Canopy
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Achiyaku''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears during the {{Quest|The Rainbow Destined to Burn}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Achiyaku is a member of the [[Scions of the Canopy]]. When the Abyss invaded Natlan, Achiyaku, along with his comrades, fought the Abyss, primarily defending a camp full of wounded and old people. 

If the [[Traveler]] chose to help out at their location, Achiyaku thanked them for their efforts and agreed to send a group out to escort the people in his care to the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]] before calling for reinforcements. After a large Abyssal rift emerged in Natlan's skies, the attacks increased in ferocity. Despite the Traveler's assistance, all of Achiyaku's warriors fell in battle, and by the time they returned, he was the only combatant left. After killing the monsters, Achiyaku lamented that he would fall to the next attack and everyone he was guarding would die, but [[Libiac]] and [[Kunak]] emerged from the shelter, revealing that they and a few others were willing to fight. Appreciating their help, Achiyaku told them to follow his orders to the letter and take whatever weapons they could find. While the group fought for their lives to reach the Stadium, Achiyaku was impressed by his ragtag force, remarking that they fought just as well as trained warriors.

If the Traveler did not choose to help out at their location, Achiyaku and everyone under his care, apart from Libiac and Kunak, were slain by the monsters.
<!--
===Appearance===
Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.
-->
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
::{{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
* ''Achiyaku'' is a name of {{w|Quechuan languages|Quechua}} origins, derived from the word {{wt|yaku|''yaku''}} meaning "water."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Achiyaku
|zhs     = 阿奇亚库
|zhs_rm  = Āqíyàkù
|zht     = 阿奇亞庫
|zht_rm  = Āqíyàkù
|ja      = アチヤク
|ja_rm   = Achiyaku
|ko      = 아치아쿠

|es      = Achiyaku
|fr      = Achiyaku
|ru      = Ачияку
|th      = Achiyaku
|vi      = Achiyaku
|de      = Achiyaku
|id      = Achiyaku
|pt      = Achiyaku
|tr      = Achiyaku
|it      = Achiyaku
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->