{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Across the Wilderness
|id            = 73684
|image         = Event Quest Across the Wilderness.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Across the Wilderness
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Complete [[Prologue]]: Act III - [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]
|characters    = Traveler; Vinkel
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|mora          = 
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Wilderness Compass|1}}
* Unlocks the [[Across the Wilderness]] Event.
}}
'''''Across the Wilderness''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Across the Wilderness]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Vinkel]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In Mondstadt, an adventurer seems to be recruiting people...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Vinkel)
:'''Vinkel:''' Good day, fellow adventurers! Anyone who's interested in the new event held by the Adventurers' Guild, please gather around!
:'''Vinkel:''' So long as you participate in the event, you will receive not only rewards offered by the Adventurers' Guild, but also certain extra special gifts!
:{{DIcon}} The Adventurers' Guild is holding an event?
:{{DIcon}} What's the Adventurers' Guild doing...
:'''Vinkel:''' You are... the Traveler! Oh my, what a pleasant surprise. I wasn't expecting to see you at all!
:'''Vinkel:''' As you can see, I'm recruiting participants for an event held by the Guild.
:'''Vinkel:''' This is my first official job in the Guild, and I'm determined to leave a perfect impression!
:{{DIcon}} About the event...
:'''Vinkel:''' Ah, you must've not heard about the event!
:'''Vinkel:''' Jack has named the event "Across the Wilderness."
:'''Vinkel:''' In his words, this event is gonna be "simple yet fun, and at the same time can test the capabilities of the participating adventurers."
:'''Vinkel:''' To be more specific, we are going to set up Wilderness Balloons in various locations.
:'''Vinkel:''' All that the participating adventurers need to do is to find the Wilderness Balloons according to the prompts and venture forward following the distribution of those balloons.
:'''Vinkel:''' The more Wilderness Balloons one collects within the time limit, the higher the rating and the greater the rewards will be.
:{{DIcon}} What if I accidentally popped the balloons...
::'''Vinkel:''' These balloons are no ordinary balloons. They can withstand arrows from afar and will only be popped from close range.
::'''Vinkel:''' When similar events were held before, the first thing most adventurers did when they saw the balloons was to pop them with their arrows. We repeatedly told them not to, but they never listened...
::'''Vinkel:''' That's why we've customized these special balloons for this event. Hopefully it works...
:{{DIcon}} That sounds like just a long-distance race to me...
::'''Vinkel:''' Erm... Well, Jack said that...
::'''Vinkel:''' "Searching for the balloons is a test of the adventurers' observation skills, while venturing forward in different situations is a test of their fundamentals..."
::'''Vinkel:''' "And whether they can act according to the prompts is a test of their discipline..."
::'''Vinkel:''' I just joined the Guild, and I don't know much about these things... But since Jack said so, there must be a reason.
:'''Vinkel:''' And please excuse me but I've gotta go now. I still need to recruit quite a few participants for the event...
:'''Vinkel:''' If you are interested, please do come and participate! If you are willing to take part, I'm sure Jack and Master Cyrus will be thrilled!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|Across the Wilderness|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

[[pt-br:Através da Selva (Missão)]]
[[ru:Дикая гонка (задание)]]