{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11010
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Monoceros Caeli Chapter
|actNum        = I
|act           = Mighty Cyclops' Adventure!
|character     = Tartaglia
|part          = 1
|description   = You and Paimon prepare to investigate a ruin near [[Lingju Pass]]...<br /><br />
Reports say that there have been many Ruin Guards wandering about in the wild, and that these Ruin Guards suddenly emerged from a single ruin. In order to keep the people safe, you prepare to assist the Millelith in investigating this affair...
|requirement   = Complete [[A New Star Approaches]], [[Bookworm Swordsman]], and reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40
|startLocation = [[Minlin]], [[Liyue]]
|next          = Teucer's Terrific Tour
|exp           = 375
|mora          = 22,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}{{Card|Childe and Teucer's Mora Pouch|35,000}}
|characters    = Tartaglia; Ekaterina; Daipai; Paimon; Teucer; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Across the Sea''' is the first part of [[Tartaglia]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Monoceros Caeli Chapter]]: Act I - [[Mighty Cyclops' Adventure!]].

==Steps==
#Ask the [[Millelith]] about the situation
#Investigate the [[Ruin Guard]]'s whereabouts
#Defeat the Ruin Guard
#Talk to [[Paimon]]
#Keep searching the surrounding area
#*You acquire [[Teucer's Mora Pouch]]
#Go to [[Northland Bank]]
#Talk to Childe

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talking to [[Daipai]])
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 daipai 01.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' Be on your guard, Traveler. Now is no time for sightseeing.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, why's that? Has something happened?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 daipai 02.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' Yes. As unusual as this may sound, numerous eyewitness reports have confirmed an active Ruin Guard presence in this area, even though this is far beyond their normal area of activity.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 daipai 03.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' Sergeant sent someone to find out just where these ancient machines might have come from. It appears that they simply left their ruin and marched off all of a sudden, for no clear reason.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So did somebody wake them up?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 daipai 04.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' As I say, the reason is still unclear. We have very little intelligence at present.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 daipai 05.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' Moreover... The ruin in question is of the especially spooky variety. Strange noises are often heard coming from within...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 daipai 06.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' As such, we are not permitted to investigate until the order comes through from headquarters.
:{{DIcon}} One can never be too cautious.
:{{DIcon}} The Millelith... Always so inefficient.
::{{A|vo gzlq001 1 daipai 07.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' Sorry? Did you say something?
::{{A|vo gzlq001 1 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Was that supposed to be your impression of Master Diluc talking about the Knights of Favonius?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 daipai 08.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' In any case, the only sensible strategy in the meantime is to increase Millelith patrols. We must not let innocent civilians come to harm.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's a good point... Ruin Guards are probably pretty dangerous for regular folk...
:{{DIcon}} Is there any way I can help?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 daipai 09.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' Wow, uh... I'm very grateful indeed for the offer, but... it just wouldn't be worth the risk.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh don't worry about that! (Traveler) here, (he/she) beats up Ruin Guards for breakfast.
:{{DIcon}} I do know a little self-defense.
::{{A|vo gzlq001 1 daipai 10a.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' Is that so...
:{{DIcon}} Not to brag, but I could beat ten of you in a fight.
::{{A|vo gzlq001 1 daipai 10b.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' Ahaha, the self-confidence of young people is an extraordinary thing...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 daipai 11.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' Well, if you're genuinely offering...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 daipai 12.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' I did see some Ruin Guard footprints on the {{Color|buzzword|hillside}}, but since then I've been too busy warning passers-by to investigate myself...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Footprints, eh? Interesting... We'll take the case!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 1 daipai 13.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' While the Millelith stands guard, evil shall never prevail! On behalf of Millelith, I salute you, Traveler. You have my gratitude. I will rendezvous you once I have finished my patrol.

;(Talking to Daipai again)
:{{A|vo dialog gzlq001 daipai 01.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' I must continue with my patrol now. Let's rendezvous shortly.

;(Investigating the first area)
:{{A|vo gzlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, this footprint is huuuuge! It has to be the one that guy was talking about.

;(Investigating the second area)
:{{A|vo gzlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And here's another one. Yep, seems the Ruin Guards did come out for a walk after all.

;(Investigating the final area)
:{{A|vo gzlq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The trail of Ruin Guard footprints leads us here, to... Ah! A Ruin Guard! Over there!

----
;(After defeating the first ruin guard)
:{{A|vo gzlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well,  that's one down.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's keep looking around, maybe we'll find some more.

----
;(After finding the second ruin guard)
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 01a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 01b.ogg}}--> '''???:''' Hey, you! Check this out, isn't it awesome!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...What is he wearing?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 02.ogg}} '''???:''' I've never seen one this close before! Have you ever seen one?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, It's a powered-down Ruin Guard.
::{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 03a.ogg}} '''???:''' Um, excuse me? His name is Mr. Cyclops, actually! What sorta dumb name is "Ruin Guard"?
:{{DIcon}} Careful kid, these guys are tough.
::{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 03b.ogg}} '''???:''' You bet! Mr. Cyclopses are crazy strong! No bad guys can escape from these guys, that's for sure.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Mr. Cyclops"? Aw, that's cute... Wait, what? Do people seriously call them that?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Yep! My brother said so. And he's the best toy seller in the whole world! It's his job to sell this kinda stuff!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 05.ogg}} '''???:''' Right now he's at the Institute for Toy Research in Liyue. That's where Mr. Cyclopses come from.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 06a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 06b.ogg}}--> '''???:''' It's always nice to meet someone else who likes toys. So tell me, where'd you get your toy from? Must be a pretty new kind, I've never seen on that can fly and talk before!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon is not a toy, neither are Ruin Guards...
::{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah. Paimon is not a toy!
:{{DIcon}} Limited edition. Jealous much?
::{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Just 'cause you get to play with Paimon all the time does not mean that Paimon's a toy!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 daipai 01.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' Greetings, have you found anythi&mdash; Oh, a child...? Wh&mdash;What's the situation here?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We just, y'know, found him.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 daipai 02.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' Uh-uh, you shouldn't be out here, boy. There are killing machines in the area, it's extremely dangerous.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 07.ogg}} '''???:'''  "Killing machines"? You mean... ones that look like this?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 daipai 03.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' Precisely, and including this one. It's not moving now, but if it were to wake up, the consequences would be...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 08.ogg}} '''???:''' You take that back! Mr. Cyclops is not a killing machine, he's one of the good guys!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 daipai 04.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' Um... "Mr. Cyclops"?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 09a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 09b.ogg}}--> '''???:''' We shouldn't be talking to this guy. If he's saying mean things about Mr. Cyclops, he's definitely a bad man.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 daipai 05.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' I&mdash;I'm just trying to help...
:{{DIcon}} I think you've lost him...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe let me handle this...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 daipai 06.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' Ugh, I've always been hopeless at dealing with children...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well then, why don't you get back to your normal job and leave us to do the babysitting?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 daipai 07.ogg}} '''Daipai:''' It seems I have no other choice... Very well, I will continue with my patrol. Please escort the child to somewhere safe, it's much too dangerous here.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 10.ogg}} '''???:''' Hahahaha, the might Mr. Cyclops scared off the bad guys once again!
:{{DIcon}} What's your name kid?
:{{DIcon}} Where are your family?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 11.ogg}} '''[[Teucer]]:''' My name's Teucer! I came all the way from Snezhnaya to look for my brother in Liyue. But I'm all on my own, and I don't know where to find him...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You came all the way from Snezhnaya!?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 12.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Oh, I think this is the part where I give you this... Here you go!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it? Looks heavy...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the!?
:{{DIcon}} So much Mora!
:{{DIcon}} So, so, so much Mora!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 13.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' My brother said I should take it with me. He said, "Find a nice person to give this to, and they will take good care of Teucer."
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your brother makes a good point... Still, it's hard to believe you made it all this way armed with nothing but a few bags of Mora...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your family must be super rich! Paimon never knew you could make so much Mora from selling toys.
:{{DIcon}} I will gladly take it!
:{{DIcon}} I will gladly take it! (And give it to your brother when we find him...)
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 14a.ogg}} {{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 14b.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Yay! Thanks, nice (guy/lady)!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 15.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Alright, now we gotta make a pinkie promise!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 16.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' You make a pinkie promise, you keep it all your life. You break a pinkie promise, I throw you on the ice. The cold will kill the pinkie that once betrayed your friend, the frost will freeze your tongue off so you never lie again.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... That one nursery rhyme kinda says all you need to know about Snezhnayan culture...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, if we weren't your babysitters before we sure as heck are now! ...But where should we look for your brother?
:{{DIcon}} Somewhere with close connections to Snezhnaya.
::{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 13a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmmm, now where do we know of that has close connections to Snezhnaya... Ooh, how about the Northland Bank?
:{{DIcon}} {{Color|buzzword|Northland Bank}}?
::{{A|vo gzlq001 4 paimon 13b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great idea. Alright, off we go!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 4 teucer 17.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Alright! Finally, now I get to see my brother!
----
;(After entering to the Northland Bank)
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 ekaterina 01.ogg}} '''[[Ekaterina]]:''' That seems a little inappropriate, don't you think, sir? How can you&mdash;
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Relax, once in a while can't hurt. It'll be fine!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's he doing here...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Yay, my brother! I found you!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I know that voice... Why, if it isn't my little brother, Teucer! My goodness!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha... What a nice surprise, Teucer! I thought I would have to wait till I return home before seeing you again...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' How are the others &mdash; sister [[Tonia]] and brother [[Anthon]]? Is everybody keeping well?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' They miss you a lot! Tonia prays for you every day at dinner...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...Wait a second, what are you doing here in Liyue, Teucer? How have I not heard anything about this?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Well... what happened was... I saw a boat that looked like it was selling toys, so obviously I thought you were on board...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' And then when I got off I just kept walking and walking... and then, I found a Mr. Cyclops!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 teucer 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo gzlq001 6 teucer 05b.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Mr. Cyclops scared off a bad guy, and then I found this nice (guy/lady) to help me come look for you...
:{{DIcon}} So Teucer's a stowaway!
::{{A|vo gzlq001 6 paimon 02a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And also... Teucer is Childe's brother!?
:{{DIcon}} ...Teucer is Childe's brother!?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cool! Suddenly, Paimon doesn't feel so bad about taking Teucer's money!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Teucer, what you did was extremely dangerous... I'm so happy to see you, really I am, but please... Promise me you won't do anything like this ever again...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 teucer 06.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Okay, I promise... Please don't be mad at me...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I'm not mad at you. I just care about your safety, that's all.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' If you hadn't met these nice people, things could have been a lot more dangerous for you, Teucer. I hope you said a big thank-you to them?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 teucer 07.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Yep! I always remember my pleases and thank-yous.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so you did notice we were here, you were just ignoring us. Gotcha.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hahaha, forgive me, it's always family first where I'm from. Don't take it personally.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I know we've had our differences up to now, but... a few minor quibbles aside, we get on quite well, don't you think?
:{{DIcon}} Do you mean that, or are you just keeping up appearances?
:{{DIcon}} You've got a lot of nerve...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Heh... Come on, you know I'm just a pawn in all of that. Just doing my part. As for who wins, who loses, and how each side deals with consequences... I prefer to leave all that up to the ones playing the game.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 12.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I'm much more interested in who wins and who loses when it comes to our little sparring matches.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Sounds like you're ready to get your butt kicked again?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 13.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hah! You're forgetting something about me &mdash; I, Tartaglia, spend every second getting stronger. Don't expect to have it quite so easy next time.
:{{DIcon}} I've also come a long way since then.
:{{DIcon}} Ready whenever you are.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, whoa, whoa, you aren't gonna fight now are you?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 14.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hahaha... Maybe not right now. Not while my kid brother is watching.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 teucer 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo gzlq001 6 teucer 08b.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Why do you wanna fight the nice (guy/lady)? Are you guys enemies?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 15.ogg}} '''Childe:''' No, not at all! (Traveler), allow me to formally express my sincerest gratitude for taking care of my darling brother. His safety matters very much to me.
:{{DIcon}} I'm still keeping my eye on you.
:{{DIcon}} Concern for your family's well-being. That I can understand.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Um, so anyway, Paimon has a question...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Teucer said something about you being a toy seller... What's all that about? Aren't you supposed to be one of the Fatui's Harb&mdash;
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 16.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Ahem! Um... Yes, about that...
:;(Talks to Traveler privately)
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 17.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Shh, look, I only told him that so that he'll look up to me. In the eyes of a child, working with toys must be the best job imaginable, right?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 18.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I don't want my family to have anything to do with the Fatui's... or should I say, Snezhnaya's... darker side.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 19.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The older ones already know that I serve the [[Tsaritsa]]. But Teucer is still so young, and in his eyes...
:;(Goes back to talking with Teucer)
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 20.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Ahem. As I was saying... I remain Snezhnaya's greatest expatriate toy seller, currently attached to the Liyue Branch of our [[Institute for Toy Research]]!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 teucer 09.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' That's right! My brother's the greatest! He's Mr. Cyclops' bestest friend!
:;(Childe looks towards the Traveler)
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 21.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Just humor me in front of Teucer, if you would be so kind...
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 22.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Ah, yes. Ekaterina. I will deal with the issue of that outstanding payment right away.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Slinking off, are we?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 ekaterina 02.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' But Master Childe, would it not be a little improper to ask you to deal with... debt collection?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 23.ogg}} '''Childe:''' A bet is a bet, isn't it? And if you lose a bet with an agent... Well, you might as well get a little exercise out of it.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 teucer 10.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Are you going off to sell toys now?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 24a.ogg}} {{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 24b.ogg}} '''Childe:''' That's right! As much as I'd love to catch up a little longer, Teucer, duty calls! I'm sure (Mr. Nice Guy/Ms. Nice Lady) here will be happy to keep you company while I'm out, though.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, so after all this, we still need to keep babysitting for you?
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 teucer 11a.ogg}} {{A|vo gzlq001 6 teucer 11b.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Sure! I really like this (guy/lady), and anyway (he/she) made a pinkie promise to take good care of me!
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 25.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Ah! Well, it sounds like Teucer really likes you, and that you've already made a pinkie promise to take good care of him anyway.
:{{DIcon}} (They're ganging up on me...) ...Okay sure.
:{{DIcon}} Okay, we'll do it. For Teucer.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 26.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Then I'm in your debt. Here, take this as Teucer's entertainment fund. I want him to have a good time while he's in Liyue, so take him anywhere he wants.
:{{A|vo gzlq001 6 tartaglia 27.ogg}} '''Childe:''' If need be, you may find me by the river near {{Color|buzzword|Qingxu Pool}}. I'll see you both around!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Across the Sea
|zhs     = 远渡重洋的邂逅
|zhs_rm  = Yuǎndù-chóngyáng de Xièhòu
|zht     = 遠渡重洋的邂逅
|zht_rm  = Yuǎndù-chóngyáng de Xièhòu
|zh_tl   = Unexpected Encounters Across the Oceans
|ja      = 海を渡った再会
|ja_rm   = Umi wo Watatta Saikai
|ja_tl   = Reunion Across the Sea
|ko      = 바다를 건넌 재회
|ko_rm   = Badareul Geonneon Jaehoe
|ko_tl   = Reunion Across the Sea
|es      = Un encuentro más allá del mar
|es_tl   = An Encounter Beyond The Sea
|fr      = Rencontre au-delà des mers
|fr_tl   = Encounter Beyond the Seas
|ru      = Из-за моря
|ru_tl   = From Across the Sea
|th      = พบกันอีกฟากของท้องทะเล
|th_rm   = Phop kan ik fak khong thong thale
|th_tl   = Reuiniting Across the Sea
|vi      = Gặp Gỡ Xuyên Đại Dương
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Über das Meer
|de_tl   = Across the Sea
|id      = Di Seberang Lautan
|id_tl   = Across the Sea
|pt      = Através do Mar
|pt_tl   = Across the Sea
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}