{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Adele.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = Jacques
|fatherNote       = deceased
|mother           = Coralie
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm4716053|Elsie Lovelock]]<ref name="Elsie Lovelock 2">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/ElsieLovelock/status/1691859862114758958 EN VA Self Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20230816221502/https://twitter.com/ElsieLovelock/status/1691859862114758958 Archived])</ref>
|voiceCN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/魔法少女真理酱 Zhenli ({{Zh|真理}})]<ref>Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1ij41127g5 CN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Adele''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|The Truth, Lost With the Rain}} and {{Quest|Braving the Tides Together}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Her father is [[Jacques]] and mother is [[Coralie]]. Jacques was a [[Sinthe]] seller before [[Callas]] made contact with him, causing Jacques to regret selling the beverage and began to betray his [[Marcel (Fontaine)|superiors]]. His superiors tasked him with killing Callas, but Jacques could not bring himself to do so, so they hired a third-party assassin to finish the job. Jacques was killed during a banquet with Callas by the assassin, but the assassin was not successful in killing Callas.

After Jacques' death, Coralie and Adele were taken to [[Poisson]] and cared for by the [[Spina di Rosula]]. At the time, Adele found the group scary and thus minimized interactions with them. Throughout the events of the Fontaine Archon Quests, Adele begins to realize that they were more welcoming than she perceived and began to look at [[Navia]] as a good figure. She even asks her to join the organization, but in part due to her young age, Navia does not do so. However, taking note of her enthusiasm for joining, Navia decides to have an official suit made for Adele, which she gives her as a gift and indicator that once she becomes of age, she would be welcome to join. When [[Colter]] tries to assassinate her and claims that she brought disgrace to the organization, Adele defends her, stating that she and her mother like her for what she does for the people. She and her mother later attend an unveiling of the design that [[Florent]] was planning for the statue when he shows it to Navia.

===Appearance===
Adele is a child with dark brown and blue eyes. She wears a black and blue dress, black socks, and gray shoes with a yellow bow.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
<!--
==Trivia==
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Adele
|zhs     = 阿黛尔
|zhs_rm  = Ādài'ěr
|zht     = 阿黛爾
|zht_rm  = Ādài'ěr
|ja      = アデル
|ja_rm   = Aderu
|ko      = 아델
|es      = Adele
|fr      = Adèle
|ru      = Адель
|th      = Adele
|vi      = Adele
|de      = Adèle
|id      = Adele
|pt      = Adele
|tr      = Adele
|it      = Adèle
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Adele]]