{{Event Tabs}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Begin the event)
:'''Xianyun:''' Alas, one has been immersed in studying mechanisms in the abode lately, that one has almost lost the knack of chatting with others.
:'''Xianyun:''' Once this new cuisine machine is completed, one'll invite a few old friends to taste the delicacies and take the opportunity to inquire them about one's disciples...
:'''Xianyun:''' One has conceived the overall structure. Time to sketch it out now.
:Press the screen while drawing the correct shapes along the dashed lines~

;(Trace the shape)
:Completed!
<!--
Crafting Progress
(1) Draw the structure
(2) Make the components
(3) Assemble the machine
☑ Completed
-->
:;(Step 1{{colon}} "Draw the structure" of the Crafting Progress is marked as completed)
:'''Xianyun:''' One hadn't noticed that the ores used for crafting mechanisms have run out already...
:'''Xianyun:''' Hmph, one shall go fetch some top-quality ores right away.
:Share the event to obtain ores used for crafting mechanisms~

;(Share the event)
:'''Xianyun:''' The quality of this batch of ores is fine. Proceed to make components then!
:Completed!
:;(Step 2{{colon}} "Make the components" of the Crafting Progress is marked as completed)
:'''Xianyun:''' Assemble all the components and your duty here is done.
:'''Xianyun:''' What kind of dish should one make later?
:Press and drag the components on the right to the correct positions below to complete the mechanism assembly~

;(Place the lid)
:'''Xianyun:''' Hmph, it seems that one's expertise in mechanisms has improved again.

;(Place the other components)
:Completed!
:;(Step 3{{colon}} "Assemble the machine" of the Crafting Progress is marked as completed)

;(After completing the event)
:'''Xianyun:''' One wonders if [[Shenhe]] has adapted to life outside [[Jueyun Karst]], and if she's accustomed to the food out there...
:'''Xianyun:''' [[Ganyu]] has been so busy lately that one hasn't seen her in ages... Next time, one must ask what kind of work she's been doing that has been keeping her so busy.
:'''Xianyun:''' Hmm, about the massive [[Xiao Lantern]] one mentioned earlier, should one construct one to gift to them?
:'''Xianyun:''' ...Ugh, why haven't those old fossils arrived yet? The dishes are getting cold already!
{{Dialogue End}}

[[ja:仙人、機巧を作りて/ストーリー]]