{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Adeptus Mechanical Marvel
|image             = Adeptus Mechanical Marvel.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-01-26 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-01-31 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/122062
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240126xianyun-yzdnly/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Xianyun
}}
{{Description|The latest Supreme Cuisine Machine is now complete! Come quick and experience it!}}
'''Adeptus Mechanical Marvel''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.3]].

==Event Duration==
January 26, 2024 12:00 – January 31, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, help Xianyun invent her latest [[Supreme Cuisine Machine]] to obtain in-game rewards.

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, follow the prompts and assist Xianyun in sketching out her design of the latest Supreme Cuisine Machine, then make its components and assemble the machine to obtain in-game rewards.
# After completing the concluding storyline, share the event to claim the event wallpaper.

==In-Game Rewards==
After helping Xianyun invent her latest Supreme Cuisine Machine, Travelers can obtain in-game rewards, such as Primogems and Character Ascension Materials.
{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*40;Vayuda Turquoise Fragment*3;Mora*20,000;Mystic Enhancement Ore*2}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please save it in time.
# After helping Xianyun invent her latest Supreme Cuisine Machine, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Adeptus Mechanical Marvel
|zhs      = 仙人筑机巧
|zhs_rm   = Xiānrén Zhù Jīqiǎo
|zht      = 仙人築機巧
|zht_rm   = Xiānrén Zhù Jīqiǎo
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 仙人、機巧を作りて
|ja_rm    = Sennin, Kikou wo Tsukurite
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 선인<->의 기관 제작
|ko_tl    = Adeptus' Device Making
|es       = Ingenio mecánico Adeptus
|es_tl    = Adeptus Mechanical Ingenuity
|fr       = Merveille mécanique de l'Adepte
|fr_tl    = Adeptus Mechanical Marvel
|ru       = Механическое чудо Адепта
|ru_tl    = Adeptus Mechanical Marvel
|th       = ยอดเซียนนักสร้าง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tiên Nhân Khéo Léo
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Meisterwerk der Adeptin
|de_tl    = Masterpiece of the Adeptus
|id       = Mekanisme Ajaib Sang Adeptus
|id_tl    = The Adeptus' Magical Mechanism
|pt       = Engenho da Adeptus
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Adeptusun Mekanik Mucizesi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Meraviglie meccaniche adeptiche
|it_tl    = Adeptal Mechanical Marvels
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

[[fr:Merveille mécanique de l'Adepte]]
[[ja:仙人、機巧を作りて]]
[[pt-br:Engenho da Adeptus]]
[[ru:Механическое чудо Адепта]]