{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = Past
|image            = NPC Adonis.png
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Enkanomiya
|affiliation2     = Shades of Tokoyo
}}
'''Adonis''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] in [[Enkanomiya]] that appears before and during the {{Quest|Lotus Eater}}.

==Profile==
Adonis was a member of a resistance led by [[Supada no Hiko]] against the [[Sunchildren]] and the nobles who controlled Byakuyakoku. After Spartacus' capture by the Sunchildren, Adonis took the position as leader of the resistance. Despite all of their skilled members, the resistance needed funds, which they managed to provide with [[Dragonbone Orb]]s. However, the resistance collapsed nonetheless as their members grew complacent from the wealth; Adonis' attempts to keep the group together failed and they eventually died.

Thousands of years later, their spirit remained as a shade where the hideout was discovered after the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] found Spartacus' shade. Spartacus told them to inform the other members to keep fighting before his shade moved on. The Traveler found the hideout and informed Adonis to keep fighting. Adonis told them that the resistance had collapsed and told them how to make Dragonbone Orbs before moving on, guilt-ridden for failing Spartacus' will.

===Appearance===
Like most [[Shades of Tokoyo|shades]], they are a translucent humanoid figure without defining physical features.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Before starting ''[[Lotus Eater]]'')
:'''Adonis:''' My name is Adonis. Who are you?
:'''Adonis:''' Leave. You shouldn't be here.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Adonis
|zhs     = 阿多尼斯
|zhs_rm  = Āduōnísī
|zht     = 阿多尼斯
|zht_rm  = Āduōnísī
|ja      = アドニス
|ja_rm   = Adonisu
|ko      = //아도니스//
|es      = Adonis
|fr      = Adonis
|ru      = Адонис
|th      = Adonis
|vi      = Adonis
|de      = Adonis
|id      = Adonis
|pt      = Adonis
|tr      = Adonis
|it      = Adonis
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

[[de:Adonis]]
[[pt-br:Adonis]]