{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19041
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Mondstadt
|chapter       = Bennett
|actNum        = I
|act           = Fantastic Voyage (Hangout Event)
|description   = You make the acquaintance of a rather passionate adventurer at the front desk of the Mondstadt [[Adventurers' Guild]]...
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 26, and spend 2 [[Story Key]]s
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = 
Branch 1: [[Something... Other Than Adventure?]]<br />
Branch 2: [[What Is This, a Day Trip?]]<br />
Branch 3: [[Treacherous Thermadon]]<br />
Branch 4: [[Expansive Eya]]
|characters    = Bennett; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Adventurous Acquaintance''' is the first quest in [[Bennett]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Fantastic Voyage (Hangout Event)|Fantastic Voyage]].

==Steps==
# Go to the front desk of the Adventurers' Guild

==Dialogue==
===Adventurous Acquaintance===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Bennett)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah, it's you! Didn't think I'd be running into you here... Hehe, I guess it's my lucky day...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' How're your adventures going lately? Did you come here to get a new commission from Katheryne, or to get paid?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' And where're you going after this? Bet you've got a really exciting adventure lined up, huh?
:{{DIcon}} You are...?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' The name's Bennett. I'm your run-of-the-mill adventurer from Mondstadt!
:{{DIcon}} Nice to meet you, Bennett!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah... I'm talking too much, aren't I... I'm sorry...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I was just so excited to run into someone I admire so much... And, uh... maybe a little starstruck, too... haha...
:{{DIcon}} You... admire me?
:{{DIcon}} You're that excited to see me...?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Of course! You're the mysterious Traveler, the hero who quelled the Stormterror crisis, and the leader of your own adventure team to boot!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' If I'm being honest... I'm totally jealous of all your achievements...
:{{DIcon}} (Traveler)'s Adventure Team...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Yeah, word's been spreading in adventurer circles for a long time now. Your adventure team shows up all over the continent...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It might look like you're just handling a bunch of boring commissions, but then, as soon as something big goes down, you're always there!
:{{DIcon}} That's just coincidence....
:{{DIcon}} I have my reasons...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Anyway, I just really envy you. You're sort of like... the protagonist of this world, or something. Hahaha...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Me, on the other hand, I'm just some unlucky guy. My adventure team even...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 13.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah&mdash; never mind, I shouldn't get all down in the dumps in front of someone I admire. I should be open to see what I can learn!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 14.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Speaking of which... I have a favor to ask...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 15.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Um... When you go adventuring later, can I come and watch?
:{{DIcon}} ...You just want to stand there and watch?
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you going to give me a hand!?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 16.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Eh-hehe... Maybe you don't know. I'm a really unlucky person to have around...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 17.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' If you brought me along on an adventure, my bad luck would probably just screw everything up!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 18.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I don't want to get you into any trouble, so just let me watch from the sidelines... that'd be good enough for me...
:{{DIcon}} We could just do something else instead.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Sure! Let's go on an adventure!
:;(Go to [[#Branch 3/4|Branch 3/4]])

===Branch 1===
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 19.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hmm? Something else?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 20.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...I guess you're right. Even just the chance to talk with you would be great, too. Yeah... let's forget about adventuring for now, hah...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 21.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But, uh... what would we do instead?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 22.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Apart from going on adventures... the only thing I do is take care of my dads in the Adventurers' Guild...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 23.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' So... I really can't think of anything else to do besides adventuring.
:{{DIcon}} Let me think about it.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 24.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Alright! I feel like whatever we do, as long as you're involved, it'll be totally worth it!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 25.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Uh... but don't forget, I'll be bringing my bad luck with me...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 26.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' So it probably won't be a very fun trip... haha...
:{{DIcon}} It won't bother me.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 27.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' That's good, that's good... I was afraid you'd back out.
:{{DIcon}} As long as you don't cause too much trouble. (-1 heart)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 30.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh, I, uh... I'll try, although most of the time it's completely out of my control...
:{{DIcon}} I'm looking forward to it.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 28.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Really? Looking forward to hanging out with someone like me...?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 29.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Seems like the rumors are all true! You really are a nice person able to bring people together, hehe.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 31.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' So, where are we gonna go?
:{{DIcon}} How about we hang out around town?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 32.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Cool, that would be nice! I was planning to stock up on some adventuring supplies anyway...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 33.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh! Sorry, I'm back talking about adventuring again. You must think I'm so boring...
::{{DIcon}} It's okay, I like adventures too.
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 34.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Really!? Well, of course you do. You are a famous adventurer, after all.
::{{DIcon}} Let's change the topic. (-1)
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 35.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh, um... a&mdash;alright, haha...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 36.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' How about we go to the souvenir store?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 37.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' "With Wind Comes Glory" is my favorite shop ever. What can I say, Mondstadt's where I grew up.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 38.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Let's go!
:;(Proceed to [[Something... Other Than Adventure?]])
:{{DIcon}} How about a walk in the wild?
:;(Go to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])

===Branch 2===
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 39.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' That's a good idea!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 40.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' For someone like me, I'm actually way more familiar with the wilderness than the city, especially around Mondstadt!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 41.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I mean, I'm not on the same level as [[Fischl]], who is also in the Adventurers' Guild. But that's expected, because she works in the Intelligence Department.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 42.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh, I know this gorgeous place. It's sort of a dandelion-covered meadow.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 43.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It's got a great Mondstadt feel. Do you want to check it out?
:{{DIcon}} Can't wait!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 44.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Awesome! I was worried that it wouldn't be your thing...
:{{DIcon}} I can accompany you for a quick look. (-1 heart)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 45.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Uh... okay, I'll try not to let you down, haha...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 46.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Shall we?
:;(Proceed to [[What Is This, a Day Trip?]])

===Branch 3/4===
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 47.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Really? I didn't mishear you, did I?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 48.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' You mean... go adventure with you, just like we'd do if I was on your adventure team?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 49.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Wow! I never thought I'd get an opportunity like this!
:{{DIcon}} Come on, I'm not as great as you make out...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 50.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Don't be so modest! I've heard about all the great things you've done, not to mention the high praise you get from the Adventurers' Guild...
:{{DIcon}} I've always wanted to go adventuring with you, too.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 51.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Aw, shucks... hearing you say that has got me all flustered, hehe... but I'm happy to hear it!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 52.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...By the way, since we've got this rare chance to work together, let me share some recent intel with you!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 53.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' According to my friend Fischl in the guild, a mysterious and dangerous ruin has recently been discovered...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 54.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Based on how the Guild ranks the difficulty of its commissions, it's probably ranked between a Rank B and a Rank A.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 55.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Normally, I wouldn't feel confident about taking on this level of commission...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 56.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' After all, with my poor luck, it's safer for me to take on commissions that are a few notches lower than my actual ability, haha.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 57.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But since you'll be joining me this time, it'll be a peace of cake, right?
:{{DIcon}} Does defeating Stormterror count as an S-rank commission?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 58.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Of course! Defeating Stormterror puts you on par with Guild Master Cyrus in my mind.
:{{DIcon}} Would stealing the Holy Lyre Del Himmel count as an S-rank commission?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 59.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' There's no way the Guild would issue an illegal commission like that!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 60.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Heh... By the way, this ruin might be a dangerous one, but that usually means there'll be some great treasure hidden inside. I can't wait!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 61.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh, uh... do you usually make some food before you set out on an adventure?
:{{DIcon}} I do.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 62.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hmm... the cautious choice. No wonder you're so good at this.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 63.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Seems I really can learn a few things from you, hehe.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 64.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' In that case, as per your tradition, let's get cooking!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 65.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh yeah &mdash; I actually invented a pretty nice dish recently!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 66.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I can't say it's super tasty, but I think it'd be perfect for an adventure. So, how about I show you how to make it?
::{{DIcon}} Okay, how about I fetch the ingredients and you cook?
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 67.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Cool! I really miss that old feeling of working with a partner.
::{{DIcon}} Nice, and thank you!
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 68.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh wait till you see&mdash; Oh, uh... huh. Ingredients... seem to be in short supply, hehe...
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 69.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'm really sorry... I probably need your help to get some.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 70.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' The ingredients needed for this dish are... Mint, Radish, and Slime Condensate. One of each, please.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 71.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' You got that, right? I'll wait for you near the pot at Good Hunter. Come find me when you're done collecting!
::;(Proceed to [[#Can't Make an Omelette Without Eggs|Can't Make an Omelette Without Eggs]])
:{{DIcon}} No, I usually leave straight away.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 72.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh! I guess you're such a pro that you don't need to worry about that, huh? Awesome...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904101 bennett 73.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Then what are we waiting for? Let's go!
::;(Proceed to [[Expansive Eya]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Can't Make an Omelette Without Eggs===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Bennett)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904401 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' You get them all? That's fantastic! You've really outdone yourself.
:;(Give the ingredients)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904401 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Now that we've got our ingredients, allow me to handle the cooking!
:'''''Bennett cooks skillfully, but something doesn't feel right...'''''
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904401 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It's done!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904401 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I forgot the exact order you're supposed to add the ingredients in, but... it should be alright.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904401 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'll pack it up and leave it with you until we get to the ruins.
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure it's okay to eat?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904401 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I think so...? Should be... pretty much... basically the same as when I first came up with it. So... yup!
:{{DIcon}} I feel like this dish... reeks of misfortune.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904401 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Huh? It's just an ordinary dish... hearing you say that is really kind of disappointing...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904401 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Well, now that the food is ready, let's head for those mysterious ruins!
:;(Obtain [[Ominous Dish]] ×1)
:;(Proceed to [[Treacherous Thermadon]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Adventurous Acquaintance
|zhs     = 属于冒险家的邂逅
|zhs_rm  = Shǔyú Màoxiǎnjiā de Xièhòu
|zht     = 屬於冒險家的邂逅
|zht_rm  = Shǔyú Màoxiǎnjiā de Xièhòu
|zh_tl   = Encounter that Belongs to Adventurers
|ja      = 冒険者ならではの邂逅
|ja_rm   = Boukensha Nara de wa no Keiwa
|ja_tl   = Chance Meeting Characteristic of Adventurers
|ko      = 모험가의 해후
|ko_rm   = Moheomga-ui Haehu
|ko_tl   = Traveler's Reunion
|es      = Un encuentro entre aventureros
|es_tl   = An Encounter Between Adventurers
|fr      = Rencontre d'aventuriers
|fr_tl   = Encounter of Adventurers
|ru      = Встреча с приключениями
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การพบกันของนักผจญภัย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cuộc gặp gỡ của Nhà Mạo Hiểm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Abenteuerliche Bekanntschaft
|de_tl   = Adventurous Acquaintance
|id      = Pertemuan Sang Petualang
|id_tl   = The Adventurer's Encounter
|pt      = Encontro de Aventureiros
|pt_tl   = Encounter of Adventurers
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}