{{Item Infobox
|id           = 000102
|image        = Item Adventure EXP.png
|type         = Experience
|rarity       = 3
|description  = Adventure EXP. Used to improve [[Adventure Rank]].
|source1      = [[Quests]] (Archon, World, Story, Commissions)
|source2      = Opening [[Chests]], especially those within [[Shrines of Depths]]
|source3      = Offering [[Oculi]] to [[Statue of The Seven]]
|source4      = [[Adventurer Handbook]] investigations
|source5      = [[Ley Line Outcrops]]
|source6      = [[Domains]]
|source8      = [[Unusual Hilichurl]]
|source7      = [[Normal Bosses]] and [[Weekly Bosses]]
}}
{{For|the item used to add [[Character EXP]] to characters|Adventurer's Experience}}
'''Adventure EXP''', also abbreviated to '''AR EXP''' or '''AEXP''', is used to raise a player's [[Adventure Rank]].

After Adventure Rank 60 is reached, each additional point of Adventure EXP gained is instead converted to [[Mora]] at a 1:10 ratio.

==How to Obtain==
===Quests===
{{main|Quests}}
Most Archon, Story, and World Quests give Adventure EXP.

The four [[commissions]] that are available each day give 175–250 AR EXP each, depending on the player's Adventure Rank. An additional 500 AR EXP (fixed) is received upon claiming the Daily Commission Rewards from [[Katheryne]] after completing all four commissions.

===Chests===
{{main|Chests}}
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
! Chest Type
! AR EXP Given
|-
|Common
|10–20
|-
|Exquisite
|20–30
|-
|Precious
|30
|-
|Luxurious
|30–60
|}
===Offering Oculi===
{{main|Oculi|Statue of The Seven}}
Offering Oculi to their respective Statue of The Seven. Each type of statue provides a maximum of 2,160 Adventure EXP.

===Original Resin===
{{main|Original Resin}}
50 Adventure EXP is obtained for every 10 [[Original Resin]] used:
*50 AR EXP is awarded for [[forging]] six [[Mystic Enhancement Ore]]s using three [[Magical Crystal Chunk]]s and 10 Original Resin at a blacksmith.
*100 AR EXP is awarded upon claiming rewards from [[Ley Line Blossom]]s and [[Domains]] by using 20 Resin. Using a [[Condensed Resin]] rather than Original Resin will award 200 AR EXP instead.
*200 AR EXP is awarded upon claiming rewards from [[Normal Bosses]] using 40 Original Resin.
* 300 AR EXP is awarded upon claiming rewards from [[Weekly Bosses]] regardless of whether 30 or 60 Original Resin is used.

===Adventurer Handbook investigations===
For every [[Adventurer Handbook]] investigation that is completed, the player will receive 100 AR EXP. The completion reward for each chapter, however, does not give any AR EXP.

===Unusual Hilichurls===
For every [[Unusual Hilichurl]] defeated, the player will receive 18 AR EXP.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Adventure EXP
|zhs     = 冒险阅历
|zhs_rm  = Màoxiǎn Yuèlì
|zht     = 冒險閱歷
|zht_rm  = Màoxiǎn Yuèlì
|zh_tl   = Adventure Experience
|ja      = 冒険経験
|ja_rm   = Bouken Keiken
|ja_tl   = Adventure Experience
|ko      = 모험 경력
|ko_rm   = Moheom Gyeongryeok
|ko_tl   = Adventure Experience
|es      = EXP de Aventura
|es_tl   = Adventure EXP
|fr      = EXP d'aventure
|fr_tl   = Adventure EXP
|ru      = Опыт приключений
|ru_tl   = Adventure EXP
|th      = Adventure EXP
|vi      = EXP Mạo Hiểm
|vi_tl   = Adventure EXP
|de      = Abenteuer-EP
|de_tl   = Adventure EXP
|id      = Adventure EXP
|pt      = EXP de Aventura
|pt_tl   = EXP of Adventure
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{EXP Navbox|EXP Types}}

[[es:EXP de Aventura]]
[[fr:EXP d'aventure]]
[[pt-br:EXP de Aventura]]
[[vi:EXP Mạo Hiểm]]
[[uk:Досвід пригод]]