{{About|the Daily Commission|the quest to unlock Daily Commissions in Sumeru|Adventure Takes Courage! (Quest)}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20041
|title         = Adventure Takes Courage!
|image         = NPC Location Doolan & Patchi the Curious Context Daytime.png <!--nothing special-->
|type          = Commission
|npc           = Patchi
|startLocation = [[Starsnatch Cliff]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Starsnatch Cliff
|characters    = Doolan; Patchi the Curious; Traveler
|otherRewards  = 
* AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Adventure Takes Courage!''''' is a repeatable [[Daily Commission]] in [[Starsnatch Cliff]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Patchi the Curious|Patchi]]
#Clear out the monster camp {{Enemy List|Hilichurl Fighter*3;Dendro Samachurl;Blazing Axe Mitachurl}}
#Talk to Patchi

==Gameplay Notes==
* Enemies from this commission do not drop items, experience, or Mora.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Patchi is near the Thousand Winds Temple, trying to find a way to enter...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Patchi)
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' There's no such THING as a perfect plan when you're on an adventure! How are you going to make any progress at all if you keep deliberating like this?
:'''Doolan:''' If the plan isn't perfect, then we need to be prepared for anything!
:{{DIcon}} What are you arguing about?
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' I am a researcher of ancient ruins, and I wish to embark on a field trip to the Thousand Winds Temple. But I don't deal well with situations involving combat.
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' Mr. Doolan here is an adventurer, and has taken it upon himself to make all the necessary arrangements for the temple investigation.
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' Now, I do not mean to be critical of Doolan in any way, and I know that those Ruin Guards can be a real nuisance... but he insists on devising a fully comprehensive adventure plan down to the last detail, to which end he calls meeting after meeting...
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' We've had research, investigation, and amendments, followed by supplementary research, further investigation, and round-two amendments... Ahh, I just can't take it anymore!
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' Now he says he's found new evidence of monsters camping out next to the temple.
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' I'm begging you, clear them out for me, would you? Just to shut him up, even if it doesn't get us inside the temple...
:{{DIcon}} I think I understand what needs to happen...
:;(Dialogue ends)
:{{DIcon}} I'll happily take your place at Doolan's meetings.
::'''Patchi the Curious:''' I appreciate the gesture, but take it from me...
::'''Patchi the Curious:''' ...You'll find those monsters far less stressful to deal with than one of his meetings!

;(Talk to Patchi again)
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' So, have you wiped out the monsters' camps?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Not just yet...
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' Please do it as soon as you can. Before Doolan finds yet another piece of evidence to pursue and ponder...
----
;(Talk to Patchi again after defeating the monsters)
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' Have you wiped out the monsters' camps yet?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yes, they're all gone.
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' Wonderful. I will speak with him at once about a proposed means of entry into the temple.
:'''Patchi the Curious:''' He'll have no excuse to pull me into a meeting this time!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Adventure Takes Courage!
|zhs     = 冒险就要勇于前进！
|zhs_rm  = Màoxiǎn Jiù Yào Yǒng Yú Qiánjìn!
|zht     = 冒險就要勇於前進！
|zht_rm  = Màoxiǎn Jiù Yào Yǒng Yú Qiánjìn!
|zh_tl   = Adventure Requires the Courage to Advance Forward!
|ja      = 冒険は勇気を持って進め！
|ja_rm   = Bouken wa Yuuki wo Motte Susume!
|ja_tl   = Have Courage and Continue the Adventure!
|ko      = 용기가 필요한 모험
|ko_tl   = An Adventure that Needs Courage
|es      = ¡La aventura requiere de valor!
|es_tl   = Adventure Takes Courage!
|fr      = L'aventure demande du courage&nbsp;!
|fr_tl   = Adventure Requires Courage!
|ru      = Ради приключений нужно идти вперёд!
|ru_tl   = Adventures Requires To Advance Forward!
|th      = ผจญภัยอย่างกล้าหาญ!
|th_rm   = Phachonphai yang Klahan!
|th_tl   = Adventure Courageously!
|vi      = Mạo Hiểm Cần Dũng Cảm Tiến Lên!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Für Abenteuer braucht man Mut!
|de_tl   = For Adventure You Need Courage!
|id      = Petualangan Butuh Keberanian!
|id_tl   = Adventure Takes Courage!
|pt      = A Aventura Requer Coragem!
|pt_tl   = Adventure Takes Courage!
|tr      = Macera Yürek İster!
|tr_tl   = Adventure Takes Courage!
|it      = L'avventura richiede coraggio!
|it_tl   = Adventure Takes Courage!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[fr:L'aventure demande du courage !]]
[[ja:冒険は勇気を持って進め！]]
[[pt-br:A Aventura Requer Coragem!]]