{{Quest Infobox
|id              = 75133
|image           = World Quest Adventure in the Land of Mists.png
|type            = World
|chapter         = Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm
|act             = A Dream of Gazing Upon the Distant Sky
|actNum          = II
|part            = 1
|requirement     = 
|characters      = Bona; Cocouik; Little One; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation   = [[Vision Serpent's Sanctum]], [[Natlan]]
|region          = Natlan
|area            = Ochkanatlan
|subarea         = 
|prev            = Vaulting the Wall of Morning Mist
|next            = Palace of the Vision Serpent
|rewards         = Adventure EXP*150;Primogem*20;Mora*25,000
|dialogueRewards = Pyrophosphorite*1
|otherRewards    = 
}}
'''''Adventure in the Land of Mists''''' is the first part of {{Quest|A Dream of Gazing Upon the Distant Sky}}.

==Steps==
# Follow [[Cocouik|Coco]]'s guidance to find the [[Altar of Primal Flame]]
# Talk to [[Bona]]
# Investigate the area around the ruins
#* Only investigating the mechanism behind the stone slab will cause the quest to progress
# Head to where Bona is
# Defeat the ambushing monsters 
#* {{Enemy|Tenebrous Mimiflora|x=1}}
# Check on the mechanism-like object
# Activate the mechanism

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After finally repelling the evil dragon, you and the self-proclaimed adventurer Bona set off on a journey alongside the mysterious Cocouik to find the [[Legendary Tonatiuh|Tonatiuh]] and the [[Golden Entreaty (Moment of Awakening)|Jade of Return]]...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Follow the trail)
:'''Paimon:''' Wait. You sure this is the way, Coco? You aren't sending us the wrong way, are you?
:'''"Cocouik":''' Cheep! Kucheep!
:'''Bona:''' It says: "Only a silly white navigation fairy would lead us wrong!"
:'''Paimon:''' Wha... What? You can really understand what Coco's saying?
:'''Bona:''' Nope! Just guessing!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey!

;(Approach the Altar of Primal Flame)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't expect Coco to lead us here. This strange fortress looks just like the place where we met you, Bona.
:'''Paimon:''' Look, it even has the same mural! Minus the smear marks, though. Is it because we're higher up?
:'''Paimon:''' Look, {{Traveler}}! This must be the Python King that Bona mentioned. He sure looks mean!
:'''Bona:''' Yes, that's the Python King [[Och-Kan]]. Legend has it that he abused and oppressed his people to get the Tonatiuh built, and eventually attracted the [[Abyss]], which led to his death and the downfall of the kingdom.
:'''Bona:''' But that's just a legend. After all, the storytellers in my tribe have told different tales about what happened to him.
:'''Bona:''' Maybe he's still roaming the Tonatiuh and feasting on his treasure. Or maybe the evil dragon that's been trying to stop us is his ghost!
:'''Cocouik:''' Kuchi...
:'''Paimon:''' Please stop with the stories! You're scaring Coco!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}} sure has been eager to do something since we defeated the dragon. Is he in some kind of secret contest with Coco?
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, where's this Altar we're looking for?
:'''Bona:''' If Coco was right, it should be below us... Wait, I thought it'd be somewhere higher up.
:'''Bona:''' Did we mess up? The Altar of Primal Flame can't be inside the mountain, can it? How would we be transported into the sky then, unless the mountain itself collapses?
:{{DIcon}} There could be a special transportation mode at play...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, what now, then? You were so sure while we were down there. And we can't understand what Coco is trying to say, either.
:'''Cocouik:''' Kulu...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Any ideas, {{Little One}}?
:'''Bona:''' I think I get it now. It's trying to tell us that following rigid logic won't get us anywhere!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, you made that up, didn't you?
:'''Bona:''' Well, regardless of what's below us, I say we go check it out. I mean, we're on an adventure, aren't we?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, you sure are excited, {{Little One}}. Well, time to figure out how to get down there.

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, let’s split up and investigate.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Rawr!

;(Talk to Bona, optional)
:'''Bona:''' Found anything?
:'''Bona:''' Let’s look a bit harder and see if we can find any contraptions or secret passages!

;(Investigate the table near Bona, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' *cough* Doesn’t seem to be anything worth mentioning here...

;(Investigate the boxes behind the pillar, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, it’s just empty boxes in here.

;(Investigate the box where the [[Holy Sovereign's Notes#Holy Sovereign's Notes (VII)|Holy Sovereign's Notes (VII)]] are also found, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' We wouldn’t find anything even if we kept digging...

;(Investigate the mechanism trapped behind the stone slab)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm.. It looks like there’s some kinda mechanism down there... But how can we lift a stone this big?
:'''Bona:''' Urgh! Disgusting!
:'''Bona:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, come take a look at this, pronto!

;(Approach Bona)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, what's this? It looks gross...
:'''Bona:''' This is nascent [[Abyssal Blight]]. Looks like it's seeping down from above... Hmm, I thought a place festooned with frescoes would be safer.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrah... Rawr!
:'''Bona:''' Huh? Uh-oh, I think something's gonna fall down. Watch out, everyone!

;(After defeating the Tenebrous Mimiflora)
:'''Bona:''' Wow, that was a shocker! Thank goodness for our quick reactions.
:'''Bona:''' So, did you find anything?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, we did find something that looks like a mechanism, but it's kind of a pain...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Bona:''' Oh, I don't know what you mean, but {{Little One}} looks pretty clued in, so let's check it out anyway!

;(Activate the mechanism)
:'''Paimon:''' It's open! You're awesome, {{Little One}}! We wouldn't have found the mechanism without you!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} I knew you could do it, {{Little One}}.
:'''Paimon:''' But don't get ahead of yourself. Plenty of challenges await us!
:'''Paimon:''' Now that the entrance is open, there's no reason to give up halfway.
:'''Bona:''' I concur, Paimon.
:'''Cocouik:''' Cheep... Cheep!
:'''Bona:''' What's wrong? Why don't you want to go in? Are you scared? We're halfway through our journey &mdash; there's no turning back now!
:'''Cocouik:''' Ku...
:'''Paimon:''' You shouldn't force the issue, Bona. It really does look super scared. Could there be something super dangerous down there?
:{{DIcon}} I'm scared too!
::'''Paimon:''' Now, really? C'mon, pull yourself together like {{Little One}}, why don't you?
:{{DIcon}} This is kind of exciting.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't think you'd be so pumped up. But you can probably take on anyone we find down there, so...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, our little [[Saurian]]'s a brave soul.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr... Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' If Coco really is afraid, maybe we should have it stay behind... But not alone. That wouldn't work...
:'''Bona:''' I guess there's no other way. I'll stay with Coco up here. You can have the [[Pyrophosphorite]].
:'''Bona:''' But, whatever you find down there, you have to come back and find me, alright!
:{{DIcon}} We don't leave anyone behind.
::'''Bona:''' I believe in you. We'll wait for you here.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, just wait here until we come back.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Pyrophosphorite}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/aqHVXXVHjCA
|caption1 = Adventure in the Land of Mists Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Adventure in the Land of Mists
|zhs      = 雾之国的冒险
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 霧之國的冒險
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 霧の国の冒険
|ja_rm    = Kiri no Kuni no Bouken
|ja_tl    = Adventure in the Land of Mists
|ko       = 안개 나라 모험기
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Una aventura en el reino de la bruma
|es_tl    = An Adventure in the Kingdom of Mist
|fr       = Aventure sur la terre des brouillards
|fr_tl    = Adventure in the Land of Fogs
|ru       = Приключение в Царстве туманов
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ผจญภัยในอาณาจักรหมอก
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Cuộc Phiêu Lưu Ở Vương Quốc Sương Mù
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Abenteuer im Nebelreich
|de_tl    = Adventure in the Mist Realm
|id       = Petualangan di Tanah Berkabut
|id_tl    = Adventure in the Land of Mists
|pt       = Aventura na Terra das Névoas
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Sisler Diyarındaki Macera
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Avventura nella terra delle nebbie
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}