{{Event
|name              = Adventure in the Forest
|image             = Adventure in the Forest.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-08-22 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-08-28 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/7119908
}}
'''Adventure in the Forest''' is a Web [[Event]] in [[Version 3.0]].

Olah! Hello, Travelers~
Version 3.0 will be released soon, are you ready to start a new adventure?
Travelers can not only explore the rainforest in Sumeru, but also experience fascinating Dendro elemental reactions.
Before you leave, what kind of adventure are you looking forward to in Sumeru? How will you plan it? Tell us everything!

==Event Duration:==
* August 22, 2022 – August 28, 2022, 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results and Winners List Announcement:
** The list of winners will be updated in this event post on September 12, 2022. Winners will be notified via forum messages, please stay tuned for official announcements.

==How to Participate==
Publish a post with the topic #Adventure in the Forest on one of the following two topics.
# Tell us the 3 things you are most looking forward to in Version 3.0.
# Share your Sumeru adventure plan after the Version 3.0 update.

==Event Rewards==
After the end of the event, 30 Travelers will be selected from those who have posted according to the requirements to receive Primogems ×300 each.<br />
And lastly, I want to make an important announcement!<br />
After the #Teyvat Interview event, the web event "Adventure in the Forest" will be available on August 29. Participate to get a chance to get Primogems, Hero's Wit, Adventurer's Experience, and other rewards! Stay tuned!

==Notes==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner deletes the post of the winning work, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one prize during the event.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Adventure in the Forest
|zhs     = 林中冒险之旅即将开启！
|zhs_rm  = Lín Zhōng Màoxiǎn zhī Lǚ Jíjiāng Kāiqǐ!
|zht     = 林中冒險之旅即將開始！
|zht_rm  = Lín Zhōng Màoxiǎn zhī Lǚ Jíjiāng Kāiqǐ!
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 「森で冒険の旅を」がまもなく開催！
|ja_rm   = "Mori de Bouken no Tabi wo" ga Mamonaku Kaisai!
|ja_tl   = "A Journey of Adventure in the Woods" will be Shown Soon!
|ko      = 숲속 모험의 여정
|ko_rm   = Supsok Moheom-ui Yeojeong
|ko_tl   = Journey of the Adventure in the Forest
|es      = ¡Pronto comenzará «Aventuras en el bosque»!
|es_tl   = Soon "Adventures in the Forest" Will Begin!
|fr      = Votre aventure sylvestre est sur le point de commencer&nbsp;!
|fr_tl   = Your Sylvan Adventure Is About to Begin!
|ru      = Лесные приключения скоро начнутся!
|ru_tl   = Forest Adventures Will Begin Soon!
|th      = การผจญภัยในป่าไม้
|th_rm   = Kan-pha-chon-phai nai Pa-mai
|th_tl   = Adventure in the Forest
|vi      = Hành Trình Mạo Hiểm Trong Rừng Sắp Mở!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Dein Abenteuer im Wald beginnt bald!
|de_tl   = Your Adventure Begins in the Forest!
|id      = Event "Perjalanan Petualangan di Hutan" Akan Segera Dimulai!
|id_tl   = "Adventure Journey in the Forest" Event is About to Start!
|pt      = Sua "Viagem de Aventuras nas Florestas" está prestes a começar!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
[[th:การผจญภัยในป่าไม้]]