{{About|the quest to unlock [[Daily Commissions]] in [[Sumeru]]|the [[Mondstadt]] Daily Commission|Adventure Takes Courage! (Commission)}}
{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Adventure Takes Courage!
|id            = 73802
|image         = World Quest Adventure Takes Courage!.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = Complete [[Archon Quest]] [[Chapter III]]: Act II - [[The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings: Denouement]] and wait after [[Reset]]
|characters    = Katheryne (Sumeru); Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*100;Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*3
|rep           = Sumeru
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 493
|repTitle      = Adventure Takes Courage!
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks [[Daily Commissions]] in [[Sumeru]]
}}
'''''Adventure Takes Courage!''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Sumeru]]. To obtain this quest, players must complete [[Archon Quest]] [[Chapter III]]: Act II - [[The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings: Denouement]] and wait until after daily [[reset]].

Completing the quest allows for [[Daily Commissions]] to be accepted in Sumeru.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Katheryne]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You find a familiar place in Sumeru City...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Katheryne:''' Ad astra abyssosque! Welcome to the Adventurers' Guild.
:'''Paimon:''' Hi, Katheryne.
:{{DIcon}} Hello, Katheryne...
:'''Katheryne:''' Greetings. You both look great today. Are you here to take commissions or deal with other affairs?
:'''Katheryne:''' Why are you both staring at me? Is there something of significance that you would like to inquire about?
:{{DIcon}} No!
:{{DIcon}} W&mdash;We just want to take commissions...
:'''Katheryne:''' Understood. You seem like a seasoned adventurer already.
:{{DIcon}} You could say that.
:'''Katheryne:''' Then you must be well acquainted with the Adventurers' Guild's way of operation. Therefore, I won't waste your time going over it.
:'''Katheryne:''' If you have any questions for the Guild, please feel free to ask me at any time.
:'''Katheryne:''' Please pitch in with the commissions in Sumeru City. Outstanding adventurers like you will surely be a great help to the people here.
:'''Katheryne:''' Safe travels, Traveler. Ad astra abyssosque!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* Although only the completion of {{Quest|Dawn (Quest)}} is required to ''receive'' this quest, the [[Katheryne]] in Sumeru will be occupied for all of {{Quest|Like a Triumphant Hero}}, which is guaranteed to be received immediately following the completion of ''Dawn'' starting with [[Version 3.1]]. As such, in practice, ''Like a Triumphant Hero'' is the requirement for ''completion'' of this quest.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Adventure Takes Courage!
|zhs     = 冒险就要大步向前
|zhs_rm  = Màoxiǎn Jiù Yào Dàbù Xiàngqián
|zht     = 冒險就要大步向前
|zht_rm  = Màoxiǎn Jiù Yào Dàbù Xiàngqián
|zh_tl   = Adventure is Having to Take Big Strides Forward
|ja      = 冒険は大きな歩幅で
|ja_rm   = Bouken wa Ooki-na Hohaba de
|ja_tl   = Adventure is Taking Big Strides Forward
|ko      = 모험은 무조건 직진
|ko_tl   = Adventure is Always Going Straight
|es      = La aventura requiere valor
|es_tl   = Adventure Requires Courage
|fr      = Du courage dans l'aventure
|fr_tl   = Courage in the Adventure
|ru      = Приключения требуют мужества!
|ru_tl   = Adventures Take Courage!
|th      = การผจญภัยต้องกล้าก้าวไปข้างหน้าสิ
|th_rm   = Karn Phachonphai Tong Kla Kaopai Khang-na Si
|th_tl   = One Must Be Courageous to Go Forward in the Adventure 
|vi      = Mạo Hiểm Thì Phải Mạnh Dạn Bước Về Phía Trước
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Beim Abenteuer muss man mutig sein
|de_tl   = During Adventures One Must Be Courageous
|id      = Petualangan Membutuhkan Keberanian!
|id_tl   = Adventure Needs Courage!
|pt      = Aventura Requer Coragem!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Macera Yürek İster!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'avventura richiede coraggio!
|it_tl   = Adventure Takes Courage!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
[[pt-br:Aventura Requer Coragem!]]