{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19037; 19048
|image         = Hangout Event After the Curtain Falls.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Yun Jin
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Song That Knows Grace
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Countryside Wandering
|next          = Backstage Suspicions
|next2         = Half a Day's Leisure
|characters    = Boyi; Changhu; Clerk Zhao; Fan Er'ye; Gentry Maocai; Guan Hong; Maksim; Shiyun; Traveler; Yun Jin
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''After the Curtain Falls''''' is a quest in {{Quest|A Song That Knows Grace}}.

==Steps==
# Wait for the performance to end before meeting up (20:00 – 23:00 the next day)
# Go to Heyu Tea House to look for Yun Jin
# Go to the bottom floor of Heyu Tea House
# Talk to the journalist
#* Tell Yun Jin to make the most of it and talk to them. Proceed to [[Backstage Suspicions]].
#* Tell Yun Jin to play it safe and book the interview. Proceed to [[Half a Day's Leisure]].

==Dialogue==
===Midnight Meeting===
{{Quest Description|Yun Jin wandered into a perilous place while searching for inspiration, and would have been in trouble if not for your intervention. To thank you, she agrees to meet you after her performance...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Shiyun or Boi before meeting Yun Jin, optional)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903751 shiyun 02.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Ms. Yun's performance was amazing! Especially the silk dance. Did you see it...?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903751 boyi 02.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Uh, yeah, sure I did... but how do I work that into an article?

;(Talk to Clerk Zhao any time during the quest, optional)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903752 clerkzhao 02.ogg}} '''Clerk Zhao:''' Just wonderful... Oh, no! I'm late for my meeting!

;(Talk to Guan Hong any time during the quest, optional)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903753 guanhong 02.ogg}} '''Guan Hong:''' Hmm? What're you up to? Did you just arrive after the show was over?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903753 guanhong 03.ogg}} '''Guan Hong:''' Haha. Sorry, friend, but if you missed Yun Jin's show, you're gonna regret it for the rest of your life!

;(Talk to Changhu any time during the quest, optional)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903754 changhu 02.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' How very strange. I don't usually feel anything when listening to Liu Su's stories. But once Yun Jin started singing, I was completely spellbound...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903754 changhu 03.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' Wait... Master? Master! Where have you gone, Master?

;(Talk to Fan Er'ye any time during the quest, optional)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903755 fanerye 02.ogg}} '''Fan Er'ye:''' Voice of an angel, delicate as a murmuring stream...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903755 fanerye 03.ogg}} '''Fan Er'ye:''' The moment Yun Jin got on the stage, it took me right back... Oh, the resemblance was... *sigh*... What a captivating performance.
----
;(Wait for the performance to end before meeting up, <nowiki>20:00&ndash;23:00</nowiki> the next day)
;(Meet Yun Jin)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 maksim 01.ogg}} '''Maksim:''' Liyue opera is really something... But Liyue opera performed by Ms. Yun &mdash; now that's something else!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 maksim 02.ogg}} '''Maksim:''' Thrilling performance. I've never seen anything like it before in my life. Your reputation is well-deserved!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 gentrymaocai 01.ogg}} '''Gentry Maocai:''' Haha. Well, I've had the pleasure of seeing the talented Ms. Yun on stage many a time in the past, but the songs still sound fresh and new every single time.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 gentrymaocai 02.ogg}} '''Gentry Maocai:''' It's been barely a few days since I last saw you perform, but once again, Yun Jin, you've progressed by leaps and bounds.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' You're far too kind, both of you.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I'm still new to the profession, but I promised myself when I joined the troupe that I would strive to develop myself as a performer every day.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' And I wouldn't be where I am now without everyone's faithful support...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 maksim 03.ogg}} '''Maksim:''' Nonsense! You're too humble, Ms. Yun. You're a major celebrity &mdash; who in Liyue hasn't heard the name Yun Jin?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 gentrymaocai 03.ogg}} '''Gentry Maocai:''' Haha, in the circles I move in, anyone who says they've never seen Yun Jin on stage is at risk of getting laughed out of business! Hehehe...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...Gosh...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 gentrymaocai 04.ogg}} '''Gentry Maocai:''' As it happens, I have a business meeting at the Xinyue Kiosk with a client who is also a big fan of yours...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 gentrymaocai 05.ogg}} '''Gentry Maocai:''' So, ahem... I was wondering if you'd perhaps like to join us for the meal?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 maksim 04.ogg}} '''Maksim:''' Oh, uh... Me too! I've booked a table at the Liuli Pavilion and was hoping you might join me!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...Oh, I'm terribly sorry to both of you, but I won't be able to make it.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I'm very grateful for the invitations, but I'm afraid I already have arrangements for this evening.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Right, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Yep, here I am.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry I'm a little late.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 gentrymaocai 06.ogg}} '''Gentry Maocai:''' Uh... O&mdash;Okay, you have plans, but, uh... You're really gonna pass this up? I mean, you could always reschedule...?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 gentrymaocai 07.ogg}} '''Gentry Maocai:''' Wait a second, you're&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Am I really so famous in Liyue?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 gentrymaocai 08.ogg}} '''Gentry Maocai:''' Tsk, well, I guess it's not going to work out today, then. Maybe another day, Ms. Yun!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 maksim 05.ogg}} '''Maksim:''' (Huh... He took off pretty quick. Does he know something I don't?)<ref group="Note">The voice line says "Do they know something I don't?"</ref>
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 maksim 06.ogg}} '''Maksim:''' ...Haha, I guess I'll be leaving too. Wouldn't want to cramp your style!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Take care, both of you. Sorry that I can't see you off.
:{{Black Screen|''Gentry Maocai and Maksim leave in a hurry...''}}
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Phew... Thanks for coming to my rescue, again.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 yunjin 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Look at you, you're a national treasure. Even Gentry Maocai is in awe of you.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 yunjin 11.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I feel a little sorry for Xinyue Kiosk and Liuli Pavilion... I just hope the food won't go to waste.
:{{DIcon}} Well, why don't we go to Xinyue Kiosk?
:{{DIcon}} Well, why don't we go to Liuli Pavilion?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 yunjin 12.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I don't think we'd be able to get a seat this late.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 yunjin 13.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But it's fine. I have a better place we can go.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903701 yunjin 14.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Let's head {{Color|buzzword|downstairs}}. I owe you a big thank-you tonight.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Guests from The Steambird===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to the bottom floor of Heyu Tea House)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 01.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' M&mdash;Ms. Yun? Oh, wow, it's really you! I&mdash;I have just a few questions, if you don't mind!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 01.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Hey, get back here! Ugh! Ditzy girl, you don't have a clue what you're doing...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Are you a journalist? If you'd like to arrange an interview, you'll have to liaise with my manager...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 02.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Sorry, Ms. Yun, don't mind her &mdash; she's just new and still learning the ropes. We'll leave you alone&mdash;
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 02.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Ms. Yun, I'm interested to know why you added a silk dance to the scene where the divine damsel makes her appearance?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...Hmm?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...Y&mdash;You noticed that?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 03.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Yes. Based on the original script, that scene would see your character perform the adeptus walk... but the addition of the silk dance meant that the whole way you carried yourself was so much more... so much more...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...Animated?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 04.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Yes, yes! But delicate and graceful, like a crane!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Oh? Sorry, which publication are you from? How come I haven't met you before?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 05.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Oh, uh, I... well...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 03.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Ahaha, we're from The Steambird. I'm Boyi, the editor-in-chief, and this young lady is Shiyun, one of my journalists.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 04.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' We were based in Fontaine, just recently, we made the move back to Liyue.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Oh, I see! You're from The Steambird.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Then it's no wonder. Your journalist has clearly done her research.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 06.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Th&mdash;That's very kind of you, but really, my level of knowledge is very basic compared to yours...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 05.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Hey! Ms. Yun's throwing you a bone here &mdash; make the most of it, okay? Talk to her, talk to her!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Actually, I'm afraid there's somewhere I need to be, and I'd really need to clear this interview with my manager...
:{{DIcon}} Make the most of it. You may as well talk to them.
:;(Proceed to [[After the Curtain Falls#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Let's play it safe and book the interview in with your manager.
:;(Proceed to [[After the Curtain Falls#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Make the most of it. You may as well talk to them.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But what about our plans...
:{{DIcon}} Let's take a rain check on that.
:{{DIcon}} I'm interested to hear your story, too.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Really? Okay, sure...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 07.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Oh, thank you! Thank you so much, Ms. Yun!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 06.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Great! Thank you both kindly. Let's find a quiet place and get this interview underway!
:{{Black Screen|''Yun Jin and Shiyun get along quite well...''}}
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 08.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' ...I see, so that's why you added the silk dance in this scene.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 11.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yes, exactly. Doing it this way not only allows for more physicality in my movement, it also means I can make better use of the stage and transition into the scene more quickly.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 09.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Ah, okay, so there was even more to it than I thought... So wouldn't it make sense to contrast this with the Dongtang, appassionato section that comes directly afterward by making the latter a little more sophisticated...?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 12.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm? I think I know which section you're talking about.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 10.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Ah, sorry, sorry! What am I saying, this is a fixed formula isn't it? My suggestion would completely break the format...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 13.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' No, it's okay. It's an interesting idea, for sure.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 14.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I'll give it some thought. Thanks for the suggestion!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 11.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' R&mdash;Really? Wow, I'm so honored!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 07.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Humph...
:{{DIcon}} This conversation is way beyond me...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 08.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Ahem! Uh, Shiyun, maybe it's time to move onto some of the things our readers would like to know about, hmm?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 12.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Oh... Okay, um, I was also going to ask for your opinion on the set and the costumes...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 09.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Ahem! Ahem! Yes, well... I'm sure Ms. Yun has countless pearls of wisdom she could share on her chosen craft, hehehe...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 10.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' But, uh, not all of our readers are quite so, ahem, artistically literate, shall we say...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 11.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Hehe, a lot of them really just want to know more about you. You know, what does Yun Jin do when she's offstage, hmm?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 15.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...Excuse me? When I'm offstage?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 12.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Yeah, you know... You're a major celebrity, and a lot of our readers are interested to know what life is like for you &mdash; what kind of place you live in, what kind of things you eat, clothes you wear, things you buy, that whole side of things. A day in the life.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 16.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...Um, besides rehearsing, a day in my life isn't really any more interesting than anyone else's.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 13.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Nonsense, of course it is! Just think how many people were at your show earlier &mdash; they come from all over just to show their support.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 14.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' In fact, a relative of mine has a daughter who's been saying she wants to broaden her horizons recently. She's been looking for a chance to give you a jade hairpin as a gift!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 17.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...Heh.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 18.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It's against the rules of the opera troupe to accept private gifts from patrons.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 19.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm... Could someone out there be accepting gifts for the troupe under false pretenses? I must get Yunning to look into it...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 15.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Uh... I mean, it wasn't a big deal, just something she said. Forget I brought it up.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 16.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' So, I saw Gentry Maocai and a Snezhnayan gentleman come down from upstairs. Are they patrons of your shows, too?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 17.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' What are your thoughts on Snezhnaya and the Fatui...?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 20.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 13.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Aaaah! I'm sorry, this is my first interview, and my notes are becoming a total mess!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 14.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' I might need a moment to pause and reorganize them a little, otherwise I'll never be able to work all this into an article... Mr. Boyi, maybe you should take a look, too!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 18.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Don't be ridiculous! Stopping an interview halfway through to organize your notes, what are you talking about? Hey, hey, alright, alright... Ms. Yun, we'll just be a moment!
:{{Black Screen|''The journalist leaves with the Editor-in-Chief...''}}
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 21.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' *sigh*...
:{{DIcon}} You look tired.
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure you want to continue?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 22.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I'm fine... It's not the first time I've been asked questions like these. The last time it happened, Yunning stopped the interview for me...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 23.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But the next day, the tabloids were full of articles like "Dramatic Exit: Yun Jin Storms Out of Interview" and "Miss La-Dee-Da Opera Star Is Too Good For Our Questions"...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 24.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...Yeah, so from then on, Yunning said all interview requests have to go through her.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 25.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I used to think I could hold the troupe together just by putting on a good performance. But now, I have to make sure I concentrate on my actions offstage, too. *sigh*...
:{{DIcon}} I saw a lot of the audience on the way over here...
:{{DIcon}} Many of them found your performance very moving.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 26.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Oh... You mean Fan Er'ye and that crowd? I cherish them as members of my audience, too.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 27.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But there aren't many people like them, who can appreciate all the nuance in a single viewing.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 28.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' How did Shiyun end up working with an editor like that guy? Something feels wrong there.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 29.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' {{Traveler}}, they could be back at any moment. I should stay here for now &mdash; but could you go {{Color|buzzword|look into it}} for me?
:{{DIcon}} No problem.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 30.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' If you find out anything, come straight back here and let me know.

;(Talk to Yun Jin again)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903756 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' They must have {{Color|buzzword|left the tea house by now}}. Let me know if you find anything out.

:;(Proceed to [[Backstage Suspicions]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Let's play it safe and book the interview in with your manager.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 31.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yes... you're right.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 32.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I'm very sorry, but I'm afraid the troupe is pretty strict about the rules for this kind of thing, so we'll have to do this by the book. Please liaise with my manager and we can do this interview another day.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 33.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' The Steambird is a highly reputable publication, so I'm sure my manager won't give you a hard time. Once the interview is arranged, I'll be very happy to answer any and all questions you have.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 boyi 19.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' But... *sigh* Fair enough. Sorry if we were being intrusive, please forgive us. We'll leave you in peace... Hey, c'mon! Quit dawdling!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 shiyun 15.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Yes... I'm coming! Bye, Ms. Yun...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 34.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hey, wait... that's the wrong way if you wanted to talk to my manager...
:{{DIcon}} They're gone...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 35.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Oh well... Never mind.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 36.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I have a friend who works for a paper. I'll ask them later.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 37.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' For now, though, the top priority is making good on our plans.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 38.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Now I think about it... I've turned down three social engagements tonight.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903702 yunjin 39.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Come with me. Our plan is the only one remaining, so let's make the most of it.
:;(Proceed to [[Half a Day's Leisure]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Idle Quotes===
These NPC idle quotes only play during this quest:
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903752 clerkzhao 01.ogg}} '''Clerk Zhao:''' "That was wonderful..."
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903753 guanhong 01.ogg}} '''Guan Hong:''' "Ah, one to tick off the bucket list..."
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903754 changhu 01.ogg}} '''Changhu:''' "How strange..."
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903755 fanerye 01.ogg}} '''Fan Er'ye:''' "What an angelic voice..."
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903751 shiyun 01.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' "Wow, Ms. Yun..."
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903751 boyi 01.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' "What's our angle here... hmm..."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = After the Curtain Falls
|zhs     = 人约曲终后
|zhs_rm  = Rényuē Qǔzhōng Hòu
|zht     = 人約曲終後
|zht_rm  = Rényuē Qǔzhōng Hòu
|zh_tl   = After the Appointment
|ja      = 曲が終わった後の約束
|ja_rm   = Kyoku ga Owatta Ato no Yakusoku
|ja_tl   = Appointment After the Song's End
|ko      = 공연 후의 약속
|ko_rm   = Gong'yeon Hu-ui Yaksok
|ko_tl   = Appointment After Performance
|es      = Cuando se baja el telón
|es_tl   = When the Curtain Is Lowered
|fr      = Lorsque le rideau tombe
|fr_tl   = When the Curtain Falls
|ru      = Когда упал занавес
|ru_tl   = When the Curtain Falls
|th      = การนัดพบหลังปิดฉากลง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Buổi Hẹn Sau Vở Kịch
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Nachdem der Vorhang gefallen ist
|de_tl   = After the Curtain Is Dropped
|id      = Setelah Tirai Turun
|id_tl   = After the Curtain Falls
|pt      = Depois da Cortina Fechar
|pt_tl   = After the Curtain Closes
|tr      = Perde Kapandığında
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Quando cala il sipario
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}