{{About|the [[Story Quest]] during [[Tapirus Somniator Chapter]]|other uses|Afterword}}
{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Afterword
|id            = 12047
|image         = Story Quest Afterword Dream Eater's Melancholia.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = 
|character     = Yumemizuki Mizuki
|chapter       = Tapirus Somniator Chapter
|act           = Dream Eater's Melancholia
|actNum        = I
|part          = 5
|characters    = Hyakujitsuhaku Shion; Paimon; Shiba Murasaki; Traveler; Yae Miko; Yumemizuki Mizuki
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|poi           = 
|prev          = Descendant of Nightmares
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*275;Primogem*60;Mora*22,000;Guide to Transience*5;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*5
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Afterword''''' is the fifth quest in {{Quest|Dream Eater's Melancholia}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Aisa Bathhouse]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Although the dialogue implies that a new VIP Pass is given, no new item is actually received. The [[Aisa Bathhouse VIP Pass]] given during ''[[Encounter in the Realm of Dreams]]'' stays in the [[inventory]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The nightmare crisis has finally been resolved and you have received a new invitation letter from [[Mizuki]]. Finally time for Paimon to enjoy the all-inclusive spa day she's been so looking forward to...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter Aisa Bathhouse)
:{{A|vo dialog mzklq005 hyakujitsuhakushion 01.ogg}} '''Hyakujitsuhaku Shion:''' Scuse me, hello! Please come register over here!
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 shibamurasaki 01.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' What's going on? Why are there so many guests? Had I known, I'd have definitely turned some of them back...
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, looks like business is booming with Emura Ichigensai out of the picture! And it's good to see that [[Murasaki]] and [[Shion]] are well on the road to recovery.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Morning, {{Traveler}}, Paimon. Want to make an appointment?
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes please! For today, if possible!
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 mizuki 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Then, I'd better get you another VIP pass. You're our most important customers, after all.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee, awesome! In that case, Very Important Paimon would like to start with the fine dining this time.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh my... Imagine if you'd taken my advice and sold your shares the other day. It could have cost you dearly now that business is booming again. I hope you're not too upset with me, old friend?
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 mizuki 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Why would I be upset? It's not as if I ever took your suggestion seriously.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, I've missed that way with words. So affectionate...
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Would it kill you to not sneak up on people every darn time...
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Morning, little ones. Did you enjoy the scenery last night?
:{{DIcon}} What? ...You were spying on us?
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hardly. That tree was directly beneath the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]]. What was I supposed to do, move the entire shrine to give you some privacy?
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 mizuki 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Is there a reason you're here, [[Yae Miko|Lady Guuji]]?
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Heh... Mostly because I felt like a walk. But I do have a message from the [[Tenryou Commission]] to pass on, as it happens.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The gentleman who your fellow [[yumekui-baku]] fished out of the water last night is no longer in a critical condition. Although, his mind seems to have regressed to that of a young child.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 mizuki 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' It could have been worse, I suppose... Lady Guuji, I owe you my thanks. Without your help, things might've gone a lot less smoothly yesterday.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm?
:{{DIcon}} Wasn't me...
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 mizuki 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Come on, Miko. You've always been worse than me at keeping secrets.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 mizuki 07.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I admit that I feel inferior around you, and have an urge to prove myself. How could I not? But maybe these feelings are what have driven me to take this business as far as I have.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 mizuki 08.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' My sense of inferiority keeps my ego in check, and my desire to prove myself gives me the strength to persevere. I'm able to accept these parts of me for what they are &mdash; there's no need for you to tiptoe around them.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' *sigh* You could have told me sooner... The poor {{Traveler}} here has been doing all my running around for me.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 mizuki 09.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' True. But then again, without {{Traveler}}'s help, you'd have been placed in a difficult position.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 mizuki 10.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Emura Ichigensai had amassed a huge following. For the Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine to publicly go against him would have been a dangerous move.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 mizuki 11.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' An angry mob of zealots could have done some serious damage to the shrine's reputation... Much safer for the Guuji not to get personally involved. It was the right decision.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' While that's all true, my main concern was that I didn't want to upset an old friend. Otherwise, I could have taken a much more direct approach.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 mizuki 12.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Miko...
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I always seem to forget that you're more cunning and less adorable than you look... Seems like my worries about upsetting you were unfounded.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 mizuki 13.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...It's not that I don't get upset. Everyone has their fair share of troubles... But every sorrow has its cure.
:{{A|vo mzklq005 1 mizuki 14.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Here's your new VIP Pass. Please take good care of it.
;(Quest completes)

;(Talk to Yumemizuki Mizuki, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mzklq005 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Could we go over your past experiences when you have a moment? There's a lot of gaps in your medical history I need to fill in.

;(Talk to Yae Miko, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mzklq005 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hello, little one. It's been a while since you last came to seek your fortune at the Shrine.

;(Talk to Hyakujitsuhaku Shion, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mzklq005 hyakujitsuhakushion 02.ogg}} '''Hyakujitsuhaku Shion:''' So sorry, I'm still registering the last customer...

;(Talk to Shiba Murasaki, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mzklq005 shibamurasaki 01.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' We've gotta turn some of them back...
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Afterword
|zhs      = 后日谈
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 後日談
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 後日談
|ja_rm    = Gojitsudan
|ja_tl    = Afterword
|ko       = 후일담
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Epílogo
|es_tl    = Epilogue
|fr       = Discussion ultérieure
|fr_tl    = Subsequent Discussion
|ru       = Послесловие
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = เรื่องราวภายหลัง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Chuyện Sau Đó
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Nachwort
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Pembicaraan Hari Esok
|id_tl    = Tomorrow's Conversation
|pt       = Um Tópico para Outro Dia
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Son Söz
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Epilogo
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.4}}