{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41214
|type          = Story
|event_name    = The Chalk Prince and the Dragon
|actNum        = V
|part          = 5
|description   = After a long battle, the sword that has, at last, completed its growth has a new place to be.
|startLocation = [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Uninvited Guests
|primogems     = 60
|mora          = 30,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
|characters    = Albedo; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Afterword''' is the fifth quest and conclusion of [[The Chalk Prince and the Dragon]] event.

==Steps==
#Look for [[Albedo]]
#Speak to Albedo

==Summary==
The [[Traveler]] returns with the [[Festering Desire]] at its peak power. [[Albedo]] handles the sword and extracts the purified life force from within the sword into a bottle, and gifts the Traveler the leftover sword as a memento. Albedo then bids them farewell as his research is completed.

After the Traveler leaves, Albedo notes that he resonates with [[Durin]]'s life force, and mentions his master, [[Rhinedottir]],<ref>{{Ref/CS|Albedo|2}}</ref> pondering if the meeting was or was not a good thing.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon reaching Albedo's camp)
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're back! It's us again!
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Traveler, Paimon, welcome back.
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's already used to meeting Albedo like that.
:{{DIcon}} I've fulfilled your request.
:{{DIcon}} I've done what you wanted, as promised.
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Thank you so much. I knew I could count on you.
:{{DIcon}} Count on me to help you?
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Naturally, you were crucial to my research.
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ehehe, glad to hear that~
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I'll never forget your kindness.
:{{DIcon}} Now you can take the sword back.
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Should be powerful enough, right?
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' More or less... but tell me... How do you feel?
:{{DIcon}} Same old.
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Good. There's no side effects, no corruption or poison.
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Looks like... I've been correct all along.
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This guy, pretending to be a prophet!
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' How do you like the sword?
:{{DIcon}} It's a nice weapon.
:{{DIcon}} It's no good.
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Is that so? Regardless, it's reached the desired state.
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are you holding the sword? Albedo, what're you trying to do? Don't mess around!
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I want to extract the purified life force from within it.
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can this force exist outside of the sword?
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' What's impossible for some... might be just within my reach.
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:'''  ...All done.
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, this energy looks like a ball of light...
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! You put it into a mysterious bottle!
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This sword might not be a divine weapon...
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But it'll make a fine memento. I hope it can be of some help during your travels.
:{{DIcon}} Really?
:{{DIcon}} You don't need it anymore?
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 15.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I needed it for the sake of my research. I've already obtained the results of the experiment. This sword belongs to you, a person who knows how to use it.
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 16.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Thank you for your assistance with completing this research. Well then, goodbye.
----
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 17.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This dragon's life force resonates with me...
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 18.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Not because it's a dragon, but because I am... me.
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 19.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Rhinedottir... Master... Is this your creation, the giant dragon Durin?
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 20.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqxs005 2 albedo 21.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Was the two of us meeting really a good thing?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Afterword
|zhs     = 后日谈
|zhs_rm  = Hòu'rìtán
|zht     = 後日談
|zht_rm  = Hòu'rìtán
|zh_tl   = Afterstory
|ja      = 後日談
|ja_rm   = Gojitsudan
|ja_tl   = Later Development
|ko      = 후일담
|ko_rm   = Hu'ildam
|ko_tl   = Afterword
|es      = Epílogo
|es_tl   = Epilogue
|fr      = Discussion ultérieure
|fr_tl   = Subsequent Discussion
|ru      = Послесловие
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ไว้คุยกันวันหลัง
|th_rm   = Wai Khui Kan Wan Lang
|th_tl   = For Talking at a Later Date
|vi      = Để Ngày Sau Nói
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Thema für einen anderen Tag
|de_tl   = A Topic for Another Day
|id      = Pembicaraan Hari Esok
|id_tl   = Next Day Discussion
|pt      = Um Tópico para Outro Dia
|pt_tl   = A Topic for Another Day
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist|1}}