{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Agafya.png
|region           = Golden Apple Archipelago
|region2          = Snezhnaya
|affiliation      = Fatui
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:m4434263|Nicole Tompkins]]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/NikiLeeTompkins/status/1557036204775747584 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
}}
'''Agafya''' is an event-exclusive NPC that appeared in [[Summertime Odyssey]].

==Profile==
Agafya is a Mirror Maiden who traveled to the [[Golden Apple Archipelago]] alongside her comrades to accompany [[Persikov]], who had sought an island to test his machine after a higher-ranking Fatui disagreed with him. She accompanied [[Zakhar]] to [[Broken Isle/2.8|Broken Isle]] to complete their task. Zakhar soon had a stomachache, so Agafya sent him away to a cave to rest while she completed the task herself. During the process, she was set upon by [[hilichurls]] but managed to survive.

Due to the machine having broken down, Agafya soon became trapped in her mind as with all the other Fatui, most notably looking for a [[Silver Pocket Watch|pocket watch]] containing a photo of her and her brothers. The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] found her while exploring the isle. After fixing Persikov's machine and finding the pocket watch, they showed it to her, restoring her mind. However, she was alarmed to have been saved by the two, having learned of them from internal files and expected to be taken advantage of. The Traveler placated her fears by accepting some unrelated intelligence and they soon freed Zakhar. She then returned to the camp on the central island.

There, she reunited with her other comrades [[Chevka]] and [[Yakov]], where they worked with the Traveler to restore Yakov's mind. Once Yakov was restored, the four left the camp, leaving behind a note. In it, she wrote that she hoped the method she taught them to acquire intelligence would be useful, remarking that it was the only useful thing she said at all.

===Personality===
Agafya, like all Fatui, are loyal to the Tsaritsa. Due to Snezhnayan culture, Agafya does not question her superiors or directives when possible, giving minimal evidence out of the fear of being killed and believing both the Traveler and Paimon to be evil after reading overly exaggerated reports about them.

===Appearance===
Agafya takes on the appearance of a Fatui [[Mirror Maiden]]. She is approximately two-thirds of the height of enemy Mirror Maidens.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Agafya
|zhs     = 阿加菲娅
|zhs_rm  = Ājiāfēiyà
|zht     = 阿加菲婭
|zht_rm  = Ājiāfēiyà
|ja      = アガフィア
|ja_rm   = Agafia
|ko      = //아가피아//
|es      = Agafya
|fr      = Agafya
|ru      = Агафья
|th      = Agafya
|vi      = Agafya
|de      = Agafya
|id      = Agafya
|pt      = Agafya
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Agafya]]