{{stub|Need verify if mentioned in 4.1 (or 4.0)}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!-- NPC Aisha.png -->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name-->
|deceased         = Past <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = Earnshaw
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = Lanoire
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Agnes''' is a mentioned character who lived in the [[Fortress of Meropide]]. She was the daughter of Earnshaw and mother of Lanoire.

==Profile==
Agnes left her home (Earnshaw's cottage) several years ago<ref name='uff'>{{Ref/Quest|Upon a Flowery Field of Grass}}</ref> and ended up in the Fortress of Meropide. 
Agnes worked with [[Lutz]] to send letters to Earnshaw. While at Meropide, Agnes was pregnant and gave birth to a daughter Lanoire. Agnes cherished Lanoire as the precious thing in her life, comparing her to "a little flower sprouting out of a crack in the rock, determined to grow even in the absence of sunlight or rain."<ref name='letter'>[[Court of Fontaine Region]] Interactable: Letters to Earnshaw</ref> 

As Lanoire did not have a proof of identity, Agnes had to start the process of sending Lanoire out of the Fortress. She said that she never received a reply to her letters from other family members.<ref name='gotr'>{{Ref/Quest|Game of the Rich}}</ref>

Agnes was plagued by a chronic illness and passed away in Meropide some time ago (which Earnshaw was unaware of). As a result, Lanoire became an orphan, and [[Estienne]] asked [[Cater]] to look after her. During the events of [[Unfinished Comedy]], the Traveler and Estienne work together with Cater and Lanoire to help them escape to the surface and return Lanoire to her grandfather Earnshaw.<ref name='gotr' />

Agnes loved Earnshaw's [[Tasses Ragout]], saying it was better than the food made in the Fortress.<ref name='letter' /> She was also the one who named the poodles [[Hero]], [[Prince]], and [[Princess]]. In fact it was due to her urging that Earnshaw agreed to get and raise these pets,<ref name='uff' /> and she enjoyed dressing them up.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Hereafter...}}</ref> Earnshaw eventually did find out that Agnes passed away. Agnes was known to have a cheery disposition, smiling to everyone even to the end.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Earnshaw}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Agnes
|zhs     = 艾格妮丝
|zhs_rm  = Àigénīsī
|zht     = 艾格妮絲
|zht_rm  = Àigénísī
|ja      = アグネス
|ja_rm   = Agunesu
|ko      = 아그네스
|es      = Agnes
|fr      = Agnès
|ru      = Агнесса
|th      = Agnes
|vi      = Agnes
|de      = Agnès
|id      = Agnes
|pt      = Agnes
|tr      = Agnes
|it      = Agnes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}