{{About|the World Quest series|the Forest Adventure Journal chapter and its completion requirements|Aranyaka (Gadget)#IV: Agnihotra Sutra}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|image         = World Quest Starry Night Chapter.png
|type          = World
|region        = Sumeru
|worldQuestReq = [[The World of Aranara]]
|rep           = Sumeru
|repOrder      = 476
}}
'''Agnihotra Sutra''' is a [[World Quest]] series in [[Sumeru]]. It can be unlocked after completing the [[Aranyaka]]: Part II - [[Dream Nursery]] quest ''[[The World of Aranara]]''.

Completing the ''[[Starry Night Chapter]]'' World Quest in the series unlocks the ability to repair broken [[Elemental Monuments]] by playing ''[[Vintage Lyre|Rhythm of Revival]]''.

==Quests==
# [[Starry Night Chapter]]
# [[Risen Moon Chapter]]
# [[The Final Chapter]]

==Summary==
The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] help [[Aranakin]] and [[Aragaru]] obtain the plants needed for the Arahaoma, a ritual necessary to enter [[Mawtiyima]] to cure it. They obtain the [[Zohrah Mushroom]] in a cave in [[Gandharva Ville]] and the [[Barsam Flower]] in the [[Realm of Khab]]. The group then meets up with [[Aranaga]] in [[Mawtiyima Forest]] where they obtain the Yajna Grass. The [[Aranara]] then make the Arahaoma and offer it to the Jamikayomars in order to access Mawtiyima. He accepts, and the group enters Mawtiyima and eradicates the [[Marana]]. The Aranara then stays in Mawtiyima to listen to her stories.

==Total Series Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|type = Quest
|Adventure EXP = 1000
|Mora = 100,000
|Primogem = 130
|Hero's Wit = 10
|Mystic Enhancement Ore = 4
|Stories of You and the Aranara = 1
|sort = Adventure EXP,Primogem,Hero's Wit,Mora,Mystic Enhancement Ore,Stories of You and the Aranara
}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
Agnihotra Sutra is a combination of two Sanskrit words. {{Lang|''{{w|Agnihotra}}''|sa=अग्निहोत्र}}  is a healing fire from the ancient science of Ayurveda. It is a process of purifying the atmosphere through a specially prepared fire performed at sunrise and sunset daily. {{Lang|''{{w|Sutra}}''|sa=सूत्र}} a rule or aphorism in Sanskrit literature, or a set of these on grammar or Hindu law or philosophy.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/zOW17_-lQFY
|caption1 = Agnihotra Sutra: Gandha Hill Aranara from Aranyaka

|video2   = https://youtu.be/RD0zwSiLa88
|caption2 = Agnihotra Sutra Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Agnihotra Sutra
|zhs     = 正法炬书
|zhs_rm  = Zhèngfǎ Jù Shū<!--parsing?-->
|zht     = 正法炬書
|zht_rm  = Zhèngfǎ Jù Shū<!--parsing?-->
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = アグニホトラ経
|ja_rm   = Agunihotora-kyou
|ja_tl   = Agnihotra Sutra
|ko      = 아그니호트라 수트라
|es      = Sutra del agnihotra
|es_tl   = Sutra of Agnihotra
|fr      = Soutra d'Agnihotra
|fr_tl   = Sutra of Agnihotra
|ru      = Агнихотра-сутра
|ru_tl   = Agnihotra Sutra
|th      = ตำราอัคนิโฮตรสูตร
|th_rm   = Tamra Agnihotra Sutra
|th_tl   = Book of Agnihotra Sutra
|vi      = {{tt|Khế Kinh|契經}} Agnihotra
|vi_tl   = Agnihotra Sutra
|de      = Agnihotra-Sutra
|de_tl   = Agnihotra Sutra
|id      = Agnihotra Sutra
|pt      = Sutra de Agnihotra
|pt_tl   = Sutra of Agnihotra
|tr      = Agnihotra Sutra
|it      = Agnihotra Sutra
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Sutra del agnihotra]]