{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70106
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Dragonspine
|subarea       = Snow-Covered Path
|requirement   = Complete [[In the Mountains]] or defeat [[The Great Snowboar King]]
|startLocation = [[Dragonspine Adventurer Camp]], [[Mondstadt]]
|exp           = 300
|primogems     = 40
|rep           = Mondstadt
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 82
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}{{Card|Delicious Goulash|5}}{{Card|Recipe|1|link=Recipe: Goulash|show_caption=1}}
|characters    = Harris; Traveler
}}
'''''Ah, Fresh Meat!''''' is a quest that takes place in [[Dragonspine]] involving the [[The Great Snowboar King|Great Snowboar King]]. This quest rewards the [[Goulash]] recipe.

==Steps==
Start the quest by talking to [[Harris]] in [[Dragonspine Adventurer Camp]].
# Obtain 10 pieces of [[Chilled Meat]]
# Speak to Harris
# Obtain the [[Great Snowboar King Meat|meat]] of [[the Great Snowboar King]]
#* To spawn the Great Snowboar King, melt and kill all the Snowboars in the area.
# Speak to Harris
#* Harris will give the player [[Recipe: Goulash]]
# Make Goulash
#* Submit Delicious or Normal Goulash to Harris. He will not accept Suspicious Goulash.
# Look for Harris at 18:00
# Speak to Harris

==Gameplay Notes==
*Killing the Great Snowboar King for the first time grants the ''[[Challenger: Series III]]'' achievement ''[[Assassin of Kings]]''.
*Learning how to make Goulash grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Glutton for Goulash]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
{{Quest Description|Harris, the chef at the foothill camp, has received inspiration from an ancient recipe and would like to create an all-new gourment dish. For this, he first requires 10 servings of Chilled Meat...}}

;(Talk to Harris)
:'''Harris:''' Just a few more ingredients to go...
:{{DIcon}} What's happening?
:'''Harris:''' Hmm? Ah, Traveler. I'm just adding the finishing touches to an ancient recipe.
:'''Harris:'''  Not long ago, a team of explorers went on an expedition into the mountains. One of them is a friend of mine, an adventurer.
:'''Harris:''' They didn't make it very far due to bad weather conditions. But, my friend did tell me that they happened upon an ancient ruin while they were taking shelter from the storm.
:'''Harris:''' It was full of books and other records. Even... even a recipe. I don't know how it has survived intact for this long...
:'''Harris:''' My adventurer friend passed the recipe on to me. He hopes I can revive the taste of the past.
:'''Harris:''' In fact, I've never even heard of some of the ingredients that the recipe requires. Even some of the cooking techniques are new to me.
:'''Harris:''' So, I'm cooking a modified version which only uses the most essential ingredients...
:'''Harris:''' Would you be willing to help me gather the unusual ingredients from the recipe?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me!
::'''Harris:''' Nice to see you're so enthusiastic about this.
:{{DIcon}} What ingredients do you need?
:'''Harris:''' I heard that a few boar somehow got lost in the mountains and became encased in ice... I'm curious to find out how such an ordeal affects the flavor of the meat.
:'''Harris:''' So, perhaps you could fetch me ten portions of Chilled Meat.
:{{DIcon}} To clarify, you mean...
:'''Harris:''' Yes, as in the meat of those frozen boar. Being encased in ice must keep it pretty fresh, don't you think? So, when someone tells me about some poor boar trapped in ice, all I hear is "Chilled Meat..."
:'''Harris:''' Thanks for doing this for me. Come and find me once you've got the ingredients.
----
;(Talk to Harris after obtaining the Chilled Meat)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here's your Chilled Meat.
:'''Harris:''' Wow, this Chilled Meat looks pretty good to me... Now I just have one more ingredient left to find.
:'''Harris:''' Have you heard of the Great Snowboar King? People say that it's a fierce beast dwelling deep in the mountains...
:'''Harris:''' ...And recipes say that its exquisite meat is well-suited to any method of cooking...

;(If Great Snowbar King Meat has already been obtained)
::{{DIcon}} Huh... You mean, this?
::'''Harris:''' What? Wait... Yes! How... Where? Is this pure coincidence, or...
::'''Harris:''' ...Well, anyway... This means I now have all the ingredients I need.

;(If Great Snowbar King Meat has not been obtained)
::'''Harris:''' Traveler, would you kindly run this errand for me?
::{{DIcon}} Could I boldly inquire what's in it for me?
::'''Harris:''' Don't worry, I have set something aside ready for your return.
{{Quest Description|update|You pass the ten slabs of Chilled Meat to Harris. Harris then commissions you once more to get a slab of the Great Snowboar King's meat...}}

:;(Talk to Harris after obtaining the Great Snowboar King's meat)
::{{DIcon|Quest}} About the Great Snowboar King meat you wanted...
::'''Harris:''' Ah, you've managed to get your hands on some Great Snowboar King meat, have you?
::{{DIcon}} Here you are.
::'''Harris:''' Well, in that case... That's all the ingredients accounted for.

:'''Harris:''' While I was waiting for you to get back with the ingredients, I formalized my recipe. If one thing's certain, it's that this is definitely a far cry from the ancient recipe I started with...
:'''Harris:''' But as long as the end result tastes good, I'm not concerned about how I get there. I think I'm going to name this dish "Goulash." Sounds exotic but it's very easy to make... Why don't you try for yourself?
:'''Harris:''' Don't worry, I've factored in the difficulty of trying to cook in an inhospitable environment like this. So I kept the preparation time to a minimum and made sure the cooking method is a straightforward one.
:'''Harris:''' Go on, give it a try. After you've made it once, you'll find it's easy to remember if you ever want to cook it again.
;(Obtain [[Recipe: Goulash]] ×1)
----
{{Quest Description|update|You have gathered all the ingredients, and Harris has also come up with his recipe. However, he seems to want you to make this Goulash with your own hands...}}

;(Talk to Harris after making Goulash)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I made some Goulash.
:'''Harris:''' Ah! You've finished?
;(Opens food submission menu)
:'''Harris:''' Delicious! Nice one, you're a natural.
:'''Harris:''' Thanks for your help, and please accept these in return. I need to go cook for some other people now.
:'''Harris:''' Oh, one last thing &mdash; come and see me again this evening, I'll give you another batch of this food.
:'''Harris:''' If you're going to go adventuring in the mountains, you've got to make sure you eat right!

;(Talk to Harris at night)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I've come for my Goulash.
:'''Harris:''' Right on time! It's all ready. Here you go. as promised.
:'''Harris:''' Do eat it while it's hot. Remember, hot food is your adventure fuel.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/akkSxkACP3U
|caption1 = Ah, Fresh Meat! Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ah, Fresh Meat!
|zhs     = 啊，新鲜的肉！
|zhs_rm  = A, Xīnxiān de Ròu!
|zht     = 啊，新鮮的肉！
|zht_rm  = A, Xīnxiān de Ròu!
|zh_tl   = Ah, Fresh Meat!
|ja      = あぁ、新鮮な肉！
|ja_rm   = Aa, Shinsen-na Niku!
|ja_tl   = Ah, Fresh Meat!
|ko      = 아, 신선한 고기!
|ko_tl   = Ah, Fresh Meat!
|es      = Ah, ¡carne fresca!
|es_tl   = Ah, Fresh Meat!
|fr      = Viande (assez) fraîche
|fr_tl   = (Fairly) Fresh Meat
|ru      = Ах, свежее мясо!
|ru_tl   = Ah, Fresh Meat!
|th      = อ่า เนื้อสด ๆ!
|th_rm   = A Nuea Sot Nuea Sot!
|th_tl   = Ah, Fresh Meat!
|vi      = A, Là Thịt Tươi!
|vi_tl   = Ah, It's Fresh Meat!
|de      = Ha, frisches Fleisch!
|de_tl   = Ha, Fresh Meat!
|id      = Ah, Daging Segar!
|id_tl   = Ah, Fresh Meat!
|pt      = Ah, carne fresca!
|pt_tl   = Ah, Fresh Meat!
|tr      = Ah, Taze Et!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ah, carne fresca!
|it_tl   = Ah, Fresh Meat!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

[[es:Ah, ¡carne fresca!]]
[[fr:Viande (assez) fraîche]]