{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 21000
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Ahoy! A Pirate's Growth for Ye!.png
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = 
|next          = Troubles Traveling Through Tributaries
|npc           = Little Meng
|requirement   = 
|other         = AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Little Meng; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''Ahoy! A Pirate's Growth for Ye!''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Little Meng]]
# Head over to [[Bishui River]]
# Look for the place where you released the drifting bottle
# Check the [[Sweet Flower]]
# Defeat the [[Whopperflower]]
#*{{Enemy|Cryo Whopperflower|x=1}}
# Talk to Little Meng
# Look for the drifting bottle
# Bring the drifting bottle back to Little Meng
# Follow Little Meng to release the drifting bottle
# Send Little Meng back to Liyue Harbor
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
-->
==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Little Meng of Liyue Harbor seems to be perturbed of late...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Little Meng)
:'''Little Meng:''' *sigh* Can I really do this?
:{{DIcon}} What’s wrong, Little Meng?
:'''Little Meng:''' Oh, it's you, Traveler. How do you do?
:'''Paimon:''' You look kinda upset, Little Meng.
:'''Paimon:''' What's the matter? Did the other kids stop playing that, uh, pirate game with you?
:'''Little Meng:''' Eh? No, no. [[Little Lulu]] and [[Little Fei]] have just gone home, that's all.
:'''Little Meng:''' I... wanted to have a little walk by myself, so I haven't gone back yet.
:'''Paimon:''' Won't your parents be worried?
:'''Little Meng:''' They should still be at work.
:'''Little Meng:''' But let's not talk about that right now. Can I ask you a question?
:{{DIcon}} And what might that question be?
:{{DIcon}} I'm afraid I don't have time to play at the moment...
::'''Little Meng:''' Hahaha, I only play that game with Little Lulu and Little Fei. Since they're not around, the game is off for sure.
:'''Little Meng:''' So... I've heard lots of people tell stories about you.
:'''Little Meng:''' You've been to so many places and you've seen so much, so perhaps you can give me an answer...
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, you're getting all serious now. What's the question?
:'''Little Meng:''' I'd like to ask...
:'''Little Meng:''' How does someone "mature"?
:{{DIcon}} Maturity takes time.
::'''Little Meng:''' So you're saying that people will mature naturally as they grow older?
::'''Little Meng:''' But wouldn't we mature too late, then?
:{{DIcon}} You need to have some special experiences.
::'''Little Meng:''' Special experiences, huh... But I've never left Liyue Harbor in my life.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, if you want to take a trip out of the city, we can accompany you!
:'''Little Meng:''' That's... I wouldn't want to bother you. And I doubt that something special would fall into my lap just because I went outside the city...
:'''Little Meng:''' Instead, I'd like you to help me with something else.
:'''Little Meng:''' I've heard people say that if you have problems that you can't solve, you can write them down into a drifting bottle and let those troubles float down the river...
:'''Little Meng:''' That way, they might actually be resolved.
:'''Little Meng:''' But I've also heard that there are lots of monsters outside. I don't think it would be safe to go alone.
:'''Little Meng:''' So, could you protect me while I do that?
:{{DIcon}} Sure
:{{DIcon}} I'm on the case.
:'''Little Meng:''' Thanks a lot! Don't worry, I've got savings. I can pay you!
:'''Little Meng:''' Let's go, then. First, let's go down to the Bishui River.
----
;(Approach the marked location in Dihua Marsh)
:'''Little Meng:''' Are we there yet? Hmm... We've got to pick a good spot to send our bottle off.
:'''Little Meng:''' We should find an upstream position if we want it to go out further...
----
;(Approach the marked location by the river)
:'''Little Meng:''' This looks like a good spot.
:'''Little Meng:''' Eh? Why's there a flower over here?
----
;(Interact with the Sweet Flower)
:'''Little Meng:''' Agh! What is this thing!?
:'''Little Meng:''' It's a Whopperflower! Watch out!
----
;(Talk to Little Meng)
:'''Little Meng:''' What the... To think that these things existed... That was scary!
:'''Little Meng:''' Thank you so much! C'mon, let's continue.
:'''Little Meng:''' ...Wait. Where's my drifting bottle? I was just holding onto it, but now it's gone!
:'''Little Meng:''' Did I drop it while we were fighting that... that Whopperflower?
:'''Little Meng:''' Please, help me find it!

;(Talk to Little Meng again)
:'''Little Meng:''' Where's that bottle gone off to...
----
;(Investigate the first location)
:'''Paimon:''' This sure doesn't look like a drifting bottle...

;(Investigate the second location)
:'''Paimon:''' This isn't the drifting bottle...

;(Investigate the third location)
:;(Obtain [[Little Meng's Drifting Bottle]])
:'''Paimon:''' This should be Little Meng's Drifting Bottle. Let's bring it back to him.
----
;(Talk to Little Meng)
:'''Little Meng:''' Hey there, Traveler! Have you found the drifting bottle yet?
:;(Submit Little Meng's Drifting Bottle)
:'''Little Meng:''' Phew... I was up all night writing that message. If we'd lost the bottle, I'd have to write it all over again...
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, an all-nighter? You sure have a lot of worries, huh?
:'''Little Meng:''' Well... not really? I just really want to know how I can become mature.
:'''Little Meng:''' I've looked at lots of sources and read a ton of books, but the more I read, the less I understand...
:'''Little Meng:''' Hehe, and that's why I wrote all the questions I don’t understand into that message, in hopes that I'd get an answer.
:'''Little Meng:''' C'mon! Let's send our bottle off!
----
;(Follow Little Meng)
:'''Little Meng:''' This looks like a good spot. Let's put the bottle in the water here.
:'''Little Meng:''' I hope I'll get my answers...
:{{DIcon}} You will.

:'''''Little Meng's drifting bottle is carried far away by the flowing waters...'''''

:'''Little Meng:''' Thanks! Alright then, let's head back into the city.
:'''Paimon:''' Still, will Little Meng's questions really be resolved with a little bottle floating down the river?
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps this is just his way of comforting himself.
:'''Paimon:''' Really? Paimon feels like there's a lot he's not telling us...
:'''Paimon:''' But come to think of it, this whole maturity thing is pretty tricky, huh?
----
;(Interact with the drifting bottle in the river, optional)
:'''Check:''' Little Meng's drifting bottle didn't get very far. Perhaps it was filled with too many frustrations...

;(Approach [[Third-Round Knockout]])
:'''Little Meng:''' Thanks so much for today.
:'''Little Meng:''' This is for you. Please take it.
:'''Little Meng:''' Oh, right. Could you keep what happened today a secret from Little Lulu and Little Fei?
:'''Little Meng:''' This is a personal issue of mine. I don't want to drag their spirits down.
:'''Little Meng:''' Okay then, I'm going home now. See you!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ahoy! A Pirate's Growth for Ye!
|zhs     = 哎呀！海盗想长大！
|zhs_rm  = Āiyā! Hǎidào Xiǎng Zhǎng Dà!
|zht     = 哎呀！海盜想長大！
|zht_rm  = Āiyā! Hǎidào Xiǎng Zhǎng Dà!
|zh_tl   = Aiya! The Pirate Wants to Grow Up!
|ja      = ああ！海賊は大人になりたい！
|ja_rm   = Aa! Kaizoku wa Otona ni Naritai!
|ja_tl   = Ah! The Pirate Wants to Grow Up!
|ko      = 오오! 해적은 어른이 되고 싶어!
|ko_rm   = Oo! Haejeok-eun Eoreun-i Doego Sipeo!
|ko_tl   = Ooh! A Pirate Wants to be an Adult!
|es      = ¡Oh, no! ¡El pirata quiere crecer!
|es_tl   = Oh, no! The Pirate Wants to Grow Up!
|fr      = Ohé ! Petit pirate veut devenir grand !
|fr_tl   = Ahoy! Little Pirate Wants to Grow Up!
|ru      = Полундра! Пираты хотят вырасти!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ไอ้หยา! โจรสลัดอยากโตเป็นผู้ใหญ่!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Hải Tặc|海賊}} Muốn {{tt|Trưởng Thành|長成}}!
|vi_tl   = Pirate Wants to Grow Up!
|de      = Ah! Der kleine Pirat will auch erwachsen werden!
|de_tl   = Ah! The Small Pirate Also Wants to Grow Up!
|id      = Ah! Bajak Laut Ingin Tumbuh Dewasa!
|id_tl   = Ah! Pirate Wants to Grow Up!
|pt      = Ah! O Pirata Quer Crescer!
|pt_tl   = Ah! The Pirate Wants to Grow Up!
|tr      = Büyümüş de Küçülmüş Korsan!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Per mille balene! Il pirata vuole crescere!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|In Series}}