{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Ahpub.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = Collective of Plenty
|title            = Chief of the Collective of Plenty

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = Ixquieh
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Ahpub''' is a historical character in [[Natlan]], and the first bearer of the [[Ancient Name]] {{Ancient Name|UWZ|'''Uwezo'''|bearer=1}}.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Xona}}</ref>

He and his twin sister, [[Ixquieh]], joined [[Xbalanque]] in his quest to overthrow [[Xiuhcoatl]]. Ahpub then served as Chief of the [[Collective of Plenty]] during the time of the [[Grand Alliance]]. His life ended when he "walked into the incinerating fire" after accidentally killing his sister in an argument over ideals.<ref name="Ring">{{Ref/Weapon|Ring of Yaxche}}</ref>

==Profile==
Ahpub was known to fight with blowdarts. He had an "explosive temperament," in contrast to his "calm, unflappable" sister.<ref name="Ring" />
<!--
===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Story==
Ahpub and [[Ixquieh]] were born when dragons still ruled Natlan. When they were young, their father "lost his life due to the Dragonlord's impulsive whims" and their mother sacrificed herself to protect them. The twins were somehow separated during this time and had to endure "countless trials." They were only able to reunite with the help of the [[Collective of Plenty]] and [[Children of Echoes]].<ref name="Ring" />

When they met again "before the evil dragon's corpse," the two vowed to "obliterate death, destruction, and pain" and "make it so the strong of the world can never again bully the weak." To this end, they once used trickery to strip a "great dragon" of its power and bury it alive amidst the mountains.<ref name="Ring" /> It is unclear which dragon this legend refers to.

At some point, Ahpub and Ixquieh met Xbalanque and declared their allegiance to him, so long as he wished to "execute fell dragons" and "stamp out suffering." This allegiance later extended to [[Och-Kan]] and the Grand Alliance. After Och-Kan became King of [[Ochkanatlan (Civilization)|Ochkanatlan]], Ahpub became Chief of the Collective of Plenty and Ixquieh became Chief of the Children of Echoes.<ref name="Ring" />

All this time, Ahpub's desire for vengeance remained strong. He never publicly opposed Xbalanque's ban on harming [[Saurian]]s, but his hatred for dragonkind was well-known. When Och-Kan ordered that all fleeing dragons be pursued, only Ahpub obeyed. He led his forces to his sister's door and demanded that they hand over "cruel beasts" they were harboring, but Ixquieh refused. Ahpub eventually arranged for a private meeting, which quickly devolved into an argument. Ahpub accused his sister of betraying the Alliance and their vow, but Ixquieh felt that he and Och-Kan had become too blinded by bloodlust too see reason. Temper flaring, Ahpub put his sword to Ixquieh's neck to intimidate her. However, he struck her throat by accident, and she bled out in his arms. Grief-stricken, Ahpub "walked into the incinerating fire" with his sister's body, never to be seen again.<ref name="Ring" />

Their adventures went on to inspire traditions of both the Collective of Plenty and the Children of Echoes.<ref name="Ring" />

<!-- 
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Trivia==
* ''Ahpub'' is possibly derived from one of the {{w|Maya death gods}}, {{w|Cizin}} also known as ''Ah Puch''.
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Ahpub
|zhs     = 阿霍布
|zhs_rm  = Āhuòbù
|zht     = 阿霍布
|zht_rm  = Āhuòbù
|ja      = アホブ
|ko      = 아후푸
|es      = Ahpub
|fr      = Ahpub
|ru      = Ахпуб
|th      = Ahpub
|vi      = Ahpub
|de      = Ahpub
|id      = Ahpub
|pt      = Ahpub
|tr      = Ahpub
|it      = Ahpub
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}