{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC K'uhul Ajaw.png
|type             = Quest NPC
|realname         = K'uhul Ajaw
|title            = Almighty Dragonlord (Self-Proclaimed)
|element          = Dendro
|affiliation      = Thirteen Sovereign Lords
|group            = Dragons
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm12576097|Abby Espiritu]]<ref name="A Name Forged in Flames desc">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/O2ATH__rtQo Ignition Teaser: A Name Forged in Flames] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceCN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/弭洋 Mi Yang ({{zh|弭洋}})]<ref name="A Name Forged in Flames ZH desc">Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1RZ421K7CT/ {{zh|《原神》引燃PV——「以燔燎铸名」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Junko Takeuchi|Takeuchi Junko ({{ja|竹内順子}})}}<ref name="Mualani-Kachina-Kinich-Ajaw KR JP VA">Twitter: [https://x.com/genshinimpactkr/status/1811613806042185974 KR & JP VA Announcement]</ref>
|voiceKR          = [https://en.namu.wiki/w/박리나 Park Ri-na ({{ko|박리나}})]<ref name="Mualani-Kachina-Kinich-Ajaw KR JP VA"/>
}}
'''K'uhul Ajaw''', the self-proclaimed <nowiki>''</nowiki>Almighty Dragonlord<nowiki>''</nowiki>, is [[Kinich]]'s companion, whom Ajaw sees as his "servant." 

He is summoned into battle through Kinich's [[Elemental Burst]], [[Hail to the Almighty Dragonlord]], and appears in Kinich's animations as a whole.

He makes his first appearance during ''[https://youtu.be/O2ATH__rtQo Ignition Teaser: A Name Forged in Flames]''.

==Profile==
According to the [[Saurian Relics Association]], Ajaw is a bona fide relic from the era of [[Dragon|dragons]] dating back several millennia. In reality, Ajaw was one of the thirteen [[Thirteen Sovereign Lords|dragonlord]]s who presided over one of the thirteen regions of historic [[Natlan]].

===History===
Ajaw was one of the Dragonlords that ruled ancient Natlan when dragons roamed the land. At some point when the humans revolted against them, Ajaw was the only dragonlord who survived, having been imprisoned in a phlogiston bracelet and sealed off in some underground ruins.

The ruin was unearthed during an earthquake, but many people perished trying to reach him. Kinich, who had been invited on one of these teams, managed to reach the end of the ruin and discovered Ajaw. In his conversations with him, Kinich realized that Ajaw was not only evil and powerful, but also clear-minded and would pose a threat if not controlled. Kinich decided to negotiate with Ajaw over the course of several days &mdash; Ajaw, wishing to leave and see the outside world, agreed to do so under the condition that he would take Kinich's body once he had passed away. In return, he would be Kinich's companion and would lend his powers to him on a limited, restricted basis. Nonetheless, Ajaw did not like the contract, and would often try to get Kinich killed in order to be free of it, though Kinich paid his attempts little mind.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Kinich|5}}</ref>

During one [[Night Warden War]], Kinich and Ajaw fought against the [[Abyss]], and his party fell to the monsters, who had devised new tactics. As Kinich was surrounded by monsters and badly wounded, Ajaw gave dignified solemnity, something which he had never given him before and promised to avenge his death. Kinich continued to fight until a claw tore through his chest, after which he collapsed and seemingly died. Ajaw closed his eyes in respect, but soon saw a {{Dendro}} [[Vision]] appear from his wound. When Kinich came to afterwards, Ajaw vented his anger on him, upset that his chance to acquire Kinich's body had narrowly slipped him.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Kinich|Vision}}</ref>

When [[Kachina]] arrived at the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]] with the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]], Ajaw began to yell at Kachina, claiming that she was wasting his, [[Mualani]] and Kinich's time with her late arrival despite the fact that she had arrived with complete strangers. This prompted Kinich to throw him into "timeout" when he arrived, slapping him all the way to the sky, though it did little for him. The following day, Kinich, who was leading Mualani's team in her place, was eliminated from the [[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame]]. Ajaw laughed at his failure, claiming that it was the taste of karma with more to come, prompting Kinich to throw him back into timeout again.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Home of the Hot Springs}}</ref>

Later on, the Traveler and Paimon would seek several [[Yumkasaur Whelp]]s under [[Huni]] and [[Toba]]'s request, running into one of the whelps with Ajaw. Ajaw revealed that their [[Nanna|mother]] had succumbed to an Abyss influence and could confirm that there was an incident related with it.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Mysterious Visitor From Huitztlan}}</ref> Later on, when Kinich confronted [[Enjou]] (under his alias Sanka), Ajaw began to insult the Abyss Lector, though Enjou paid little heed to his insults.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Hero's Rite}}</ref>

As part of a deal with Enjou, Ajaw would spend a few days with the Lector for "behavior" lessons, being fairly uninterested until Enjou remarked on how those who had the Turnfire name suffered a horrible death. He would make a deal with Enjou to claim Kinich's body after his deal with him was done, but this was later revealed to be a ruse planned by Kinich and Ajaw in order to draw Enjou out, so the Traveler could interrogate him about the [[Abyss Order]], since Ajaw despised the Abyss.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|I, Flame Bearer}}</ref>

In the aftermath of the Abyss invasion, Ajaw accompanied Kinich to the Stadium of Sacred Flame to help out with the Traveler's own Ancient Name. Upon arrival, Ajaw scolded both the Traveler and Paimon for taking their time, prompting Kinich to fling him into timeout, much to their amusement. Kinich told them that the two had arrived shortly before they did.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|For the Same Land}}</ref>

Ajaw later accompanied Kinich to a feast in the People of the Springs, though he caused havoc, claiming that he was too hot and rested in a bucket of ice meant for it. He tried to run away from Mualani and Kachina, but Mavuika put an end to his antics and forced him to assist. At the end of the feast, he was trapped in a box. When the Traveler entered the Night Kingdom to eliminate the threat within, Ajaw told them that if they were to die, they would do so with no regrets, which Kinich said was the best he was going to give as a compliment. When they returned victorious, Ajaw wondered why everyone was focused on the Traveler and not him.

When Ororon was delivering vegetables to the [[People of the Springs]], he was accompanied by [[Cacucu]]. They ran into Ajaw, and the two Saurians quickly got into an argument, lasting for an entire afternoon, with Ajaw resorting to shouting "no you!" in response to anything Cacucu said.

===Personality===
Ajaw is childishly cruel, short-tempered and arrogant to an exaggerated degree. He makes a habit of selfishly mocking and insulting everyone he meets, though in a manner closer to an angry, bratty child than true sadism and his threats have very little merit due to being unable to take any actions without Kinich's command. His constant belittling of others and outright profanity has led to most of Natlan having an intensely negative view of him, describing him as "vulgar" and in some cases viewing it as a problem with Kinich himself. He also is very mischievous such as attempting to get Kinich killed so he can take his body, and once attempting to prank Paimon into jumping off a cliff. Despite his abrasive personality, though, many have simply learned to ignore him and few take his insults too seriously, as his general immaturity and inability to act on his own render him little more than a nuisance to most.

However he has a few somewhat positive interactions; he possesses a begrudging respect for Kinich and seems to view him as something akin to a friend, he came as close as he's ever come to complimenting someone when speaking to the Traveler before they set out to fight Gosoythoth, and is frightened enough by Mavuika to keep quiet when she tells him off. And, like most of Natlan and his fellow dragons, Ajaw despises the Abyss and gladly eradicates any of its spawn whenever given the chance.

[[Cacucu]], [[Ifa]]'s Saurian companion, has perhaps the most positive opinion of him, calling him a "funny one" who chokes half to death on his own anger after a few words. Furthermore, he states that despite his desire to be free of the contract, Ajaw wouldn't survive a day by himself and needs Kinich.

===Appearance===
Despite his [[Saurian]] nature, Ajaw, unlike most dragons and Saurians, is essentially flat and has a pixelated body that can be drastically reshaped at will.

Ajaw has a small yellow body with detached yellow hands, a white stomach, and a striped yellow and green tail that can curl into itself. He also has green hair and back scales. He wears a pair of black sunglasses, through which his green eyes are assumed to be seen.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Ororon|Snack Box|quote=Ororon would generally ignore the things he said, dangling food in front of him and watching Ajaw's eyes follow its motion from behind his sunglasses (...That pair of shiny dots must be his eyes? Right?).}}</ref> This form is maintained through [[Phlogiston]].

When angered, Ajaw's glasses become larger, his hair and back scales spike up, his tail erects and straightens and both his head and hands turn a red-orange hue.

During Kinich's [[Elemental Burst]], [[Hail to the Almighty Dragonlord]], Ajaw appears in his true form as a more intimidating, noticeably three-dimensional pixelated dragon: his body becomes completely black, while also sporting green wings and claws. His eyes also become red as he launches {{Dendro}}-based fire at enemies. This form is sealed within an engraved wristband that Kinich wears on his left wrist due to their contract.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* In-game, ''K'uhul Ajaw'' means "Destined Rulership."<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Open Your Heart to Me|quote='''Ixlel:''' This is a step of self-protection, and only by this may I not violate the {{Rubi|destined|K'uhul}}, sacred law.}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Open Your Heart to Me|quote='''Ixlel:''' For you are the noble one, the Chosen of Dragons. Apart from our lost colleagues in {{Rubi|rulership|Ajaw}}, you alone have the right to give unto me release befitting of my rank.}}</ref>
**During the [[World Quest]] ''[[Open Your Heart to Me]]'', [[Ixlel]] remarks that the other [[Thirteen Sovereign Lords|Sovereign Lords]] would say "destruction is our destined path," with the ruby text glossing 'destined' as "K'uhul." It is possible that this is the basis of Ajaw's current name.

* Ajaw enjoys fruit juice.
** Kinich is a regular supplier of high quality fruit for Iansan, and he routinely turns fruit that do not make the grade into juice for Ajaw.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Kinich|About Iansan}}</ref>
** When Kinich offers Quenepa and Cacahuatl Juice to the Traveler, Ajaw immediately becomes excited and is enraged when Kinich deliberately delays the making of the juice by telling the Traveler its backstory.<ref>{{Ref/Companion|Kinich}}</ref>
** During Kinich's Character Teaser, Ajaw can be seen enjoying a pixelated glass of unidentified liquid with what appears to be a slice of citrus fruit<!-- or other hesperidium, but it seems to be a citrus thing --> on the edge of the glass.
*''[[Once, the Sacred Seat of Judgment]]'' states that only one dragonlord other than CL-09 was left alive in the present day, and that this dragonlord was not left "in the form it would like to maintain." 
*According to the [[Chamber of Deliberation#Chamber of Deliberation: Sovereign Rulers' Council Records 3|Sovereign Rulers' Council Records, No.: B-CL-13097]], CL-10 was buried alive in the mountains by humans, matching the narrative in [[Ring of Yaxche]]. According to [[Kinich]]'s [[Kinich/Lore#Character Story 5|Character Story 5]], Ajaw was found in a ruin also buried under a mountain, making him a potential candidate for Ajaw's identity. 
**Additionally, while standard for all the dragonlords, most of the Thirteen seemed to agree on CL-10 being particularly arrogant and rude, which would match with Ajaw.
*According to the [[Chamber of Deliberation#Chamber of Deliberation: Sovereign Rulers' Council Records 3|Sovereign Rulers' Council Records, No.: B-CL-13097]], CL-04 lived on a citadel atop the high cliffs. According to [[Kinich]]'s [[Kinich/Companion|Companion Dialogue]], Ajaw also lived in a castle at the highest point in the nation, and {{Lang|Aj Awaj K'umilal Kan|zh=阿·阿瓦乔·库穆勒坎}} shares certain Chinese characters with Ajaw, making him a potential candidate for Ajaw's identity. Additionally, CL-04 invested in researching Phlogistonization of life, which may have been the cause of Ajaw's current form.

===Etymology===
* '''K'uhul Ajaw''' means "divine lord" in several {{w|Mayan languages}}. It is a variant of the Maya title {{w|Ajaw}}.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en       = K'uhul Ajaw
|zhs      = 库胡勒阿乔
|zhs_rm   = Kùhúlè Āqiáo
|zht      = 庫胡勒阿喬
|zht_rm   = Kùhúlè Āqiáo
|ja       = クフル・アハウ
|ja_rm    = Kufuru Ahau
|ko       = 쿠훌 아쥬
|es       = K'uhul Ahau
|fr       = K'uhul Ajaw
|ru       = Кухул Ахав
|th       = K'uhul Ajaw
|vi       = K'uhul Ajaw
|de       = K’uhul Ajaw
|id       = K'uhul Ajaw
|pt       = K'uhul Ajaw
|tr       = K'uhul Ajaw
|it       = K'uhul Ajaw
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[es:Ahau]]
[[fr:K'uhul Ajaw]]
[[pt-br:Ajaw]]
[[th:Ajaw]]
[[tr:Ajaw]]