{{Meta
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Ajilenakh Dash.png
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|title            = Contestant

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm11181826|Lily Lammers]]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/LilyEmilLammers/status/1591067541845118977 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = [http://amuleto.jp/talents/shimizuseira.html Shimizu Seira ({{ja|清水星来}})]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/shimizu__sei/status/1601543619898667008 JP VA Self Announcement]</ref>
}}
'''Ajilenakh Dash''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Ajilenakh Dash}}
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{A|Vo dialog eqpm001 dashpalm 01.ogg}} '''Ajilenakh Dash:''' (I gotta make my Fungi move faster, so fast that my opponent won't have time to react!)
{{Dialogue end}}
==Dialogue==
=== Dialogue Set #1 ===
''Available after [[The Most Fantastic Tournament You've Never Heard Of?]]''
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Ajilenakh Dash near the [[Fabulous_Fungus_Frenzy/Special_Training|Special Training]] Domain)
:'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Ha! The clear speed was even faster this time! Nice!
:{{DIcon}} You are...?
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Are you also participating in the Nilotpala Cup? How could you not know who I am...
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' An empty-headed outsider with a flying white mushroom... Pfft... You guys look so weak!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Wait, I don't think that's a mushroom... Ah well, makes no difference.
::{{DIcon}} Paimon, you're a shroom buddy now.
::'''Paimon:''' That's not the point! Argh, she is so cocky!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' What are you talking about? This is what you would call an intimidating aura!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' I, Ajilenakh Dash, was the first to become an adult in the Ajilenakh Nut Gang! My lackeys all look up to me!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' I work the fastest, earn money the fastest, read the fastest, and run the fastest. I'm faster than everyone else...
::{{DIcon}} Do you eat [[Ajilenakh Nuts]] the fastest too?
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' That's right! Everyone tells me that I can eat Ajilenakh Nuts as fast as lightning! If there was an Ajilenakh Nut eating contest, I'd win it even after drinking a couple tanks of water!
::'''Paimon:''' Haha, what a straightforward nickname. But it looks like you're the one that's empty-headed!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' You! I've got my eyes on you, Flying White Mushroom! Just make sure you don't start bawling when I defeat you!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Then again, I might forget who you guys are by then. After all, there are so many people in the competition, and you guys hardly make an impression!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Just pray that you don't cross paths with me, Ajilenakh Dash, or you'll be beaten into the ground by my Fungi.
::'''Paimon:''' Argh!!! We should've definitely used those two awesome nicknames!
:{{DIcon}} Speed?
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' That's right! My Fungi and I have come up with a speedy strategy that can't be beaten!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' On my command, my Fungi will immediately swarm the opponent, and there's no way out of it!
::'''Paimon:''' Um, isn't that the same as blindly charging at your opponent?
::'''Paimon:''' If there's a mismatch in overall strength, wouldn't you just lose immediately?
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' W-What are you talking about!? Everyone's Fungi have relatively the same strength. It's obvious whoever's faster will win!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Stories of instantly defeating four opponents of the same skill level only exist in fairy tales!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Flying White Mushroom, I dare you to try next time if you don't believe me.
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' You're all just... extra practice for me before I become champion anyway!
::'''Paimon:''' There are quite a few contenders! Paimon wouldn't bet on us remembering who you are either!
::'''Paimon:''' Besides, there's nothing to gain from beating you... Paimon really can't find any motivation...
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Heh! Assuming you can beat me, even though it's highly unlikely, I'd be willing to recognize your strength and treat you to some most delicious Candied Ajilenakh Nuts!
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? The most delicious Candied Ajilenakh Nuts? Paimon wonders how they taste...
:{{DIcon}} Be careful out there...
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Hmph, speak for yourself! Don't get yourself hurt!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #2===
''Available after defeating her in [[Nilotpala Cup: Debut Match]]''
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Ajilenakh Dash near the stage)
:'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' What!? What's going on!? How could they have defeated all my Fungi in just the blink of an eye!? What am I gonna tell the others...
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright?
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Huh? What are you two doing here? Are you here to mock me!?
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Don't celebrate just yet! I'll win it all back next time!
::'''Paimon:''' Next time? Paimon thought we only had one shot in the preliminaries?
::{{DIcon}} Maybe she meant the next season.
::{{DIcon}} She's still got some fight in her.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's a good thing. No need to take a single loss too hard!
::'''Paimon:''' Anyway, strange Ajilenakh Nut girl, Paimon is looking forward to our next fight!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Hmph, I'll be the one to comfort you guys next time!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' And if you guys aren't too mean about it, I might even consider sharing a few Candied Ajilenakh Nuts with you to make you feel better.
:{{DIcon}} Haha, we won!
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Golden Comet and Silver Companion won!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Erm... The Fungi react to each other's skill. I may have been careless and forgotten about that.
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' It's dangerous to charge in without a plan. I'll keep that in mind from now on!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Whatever the case, my companions and I will make adjustments to our strategy and definitely beat you next time!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm? You're speaking as if we're gonna go up against each other again...
::{{DIcon}} The competition will probably have more than one season.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm, that makes sense. Hopefully, she'll be as passionate as she is now in the next season.
:{{DIcon}} Don't feel too sad about it...
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' I-I'm not sad! You just wait! I'll win it all back!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #3===
''Available after defeating [[Hardy Two-Blades]] in [[Unfathomable Defenses]]''
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Ajilenakh Dash near the [[Fabulous_Fungus_Frenzy/Special_Training|Special Training]] Domain)
:'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' It's not fair! How come we only get one shot at this!?
:{{DIcon}} What are you talking about?
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' I'm talking about the competition! Why is it that I'm not allowed to continue after losing just one match!?
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' I can still fight! Everyone's waiting to play with the Fungi that I should be bringing home!
::'''Paimon:''' You have to make it through the preliminary round to be able to continue... Didn't you know that?
::'''Paimon:''' It feels like you signed up out of passion and didn't read the rules at all...
::{{DIcon}} That's very unfortunate.
::'''Paimon:''' Whatever the case, you already did your best and there's no point in looking back. It'd be better if you just relaxed with your Fungi.
::'''Paimon:''' Don't you have a bunch of underlings? Why don't you have them make friends with your Fungi and go on a picnic or an adventure...?
::'''Paimon:''' Erm, never mind about the adventure part. It's too dangerous for them.
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Hey, you're right! I never got a chance to introduce the members to my Fungi!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Two of them even had the nerve to disguise themselves as competitors and try to steal the "most obedient Fungi foretold in the legends" or something... Good thing they didn't get in trouble for it!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' They could've just played with my Fungi!
::{{DIcon}} Why does that sound familiar...?
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, see? Isn't this better? There's no need to feel bad about it!
:{{DIcon}} Your underlings won't blame you.
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' But... I'm their boss... I'm the only one that qualified for the competition... I'm their only hope!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' In the past, we've always had to avoid the Fungi. We didn't dare get too close to them, even though some of them were really cute. Everyone was hoping that I would be able to tame a few as our gang mascots...
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' But I failed... It's all over now...
::'''Paimon:''' Then you should really hurry up, shouldn't you? You should let your members spend as much time as they can with your Fungi, right?
::'''Paimon:''' Even though only the quarter-finalists are allowed to keep their Fungi after the competition, the competition isn't over yet. You still get to keep your orb and companions for a little longer!
::'''Paimon:''' Learn what you can from your loss and fulfill your promise in the next season!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Wait, you're right!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' I never expected this Flying White Mushroom could be so smart! Thank...
::{{DIcon}} You're welcome.
::'''Paimon:''' You're very welcome!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Erm... it still doesn't feel right to say it!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' You two! I'll let you off the hook this time! You just make sure you win the whole competition!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' That way, when I defeat you guys next time, I'll become the most popular competitor!
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon can't tell if she's trying to be funny or irritating...
::'''Paimon:''' Oh alright, you have a deal! Make sure you get stronger before we meet again in the arena!
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye...
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' *sigh* ...I suppose feeling down isn't gonna solve anything. I need to pick myself up and get back to my members... I'll see you guys around!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #4===
''Available after [[The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Crisis!]]''
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Ajilenakh Dash near the stage)
:'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' My prize money... Why didn't I get any prize money!? I was so excited about it... I came here for nothing!
:{{DIcon}} Prize money?
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Yeah! I participated in the competition but didn't get a single Mora! That doesn't make any sense!
::'''Paimon:''' Erm... Paimon thinks the rules regarding the prize money are written on the billboard... Although the rules are a little complex and a hassle to read through, Paimon highly doubts there would be prize money for competitors that didn't make it past the preliminaries...
::{{DIcon}} How about I share some of my prize money with you?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Are you serious about that? We didn't get too much ourselves either, right?
::'''Paimon:''' Fine, Paimon guesses it's reasonable, seeing that we knocked her out before she knew what was going on...
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' I... Umm... No, that's okay!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' It wouldn't be right to accept prize money given to me out of pity! My underlings will laugh at me if they found out!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm, are you turning down Mora because of your pride as their boss?
::'''Paimon:''' That's very reputable. Paimon is impressed!
:{{DIcon}} Reality check!
::'''Paimon:''' Right, you should pay more attention in the future and at least read the rules before you do anything! Otherwise, you'll only get the short end of the stick!
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' I've already accepted it. I don't plan on making a scene! I just feel a little discouraged.
::'''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Ahh, don't mind me, just leave me alone to sulk a little longer... I'll return to my normal self in no time!
:{{DIcon}} Let's leave her alone...
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, she has always been loud and lively. She'll be fine.
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Ajilenakh Dash
|zhs     = 风速枣椰
|zhs_rm  = Fēngsù Zǎoyē
|zht     = 風速棗椰
|zht_rm  = Fēngsù Zǎoyé
|ja      = ダッシュデーツ
|ja_rm   = Dasshu Deetsu
|ko      = 질풍의 대추야자
|ko_rm   = Jilpung-ui Daechuyaja
|es      = Dátil Volátil
|fr      = Ruée d'ajilenakh
|ru      = Стремительная Аджиленах
|th      = Ajilenakh ลมกรด
|th_rm   = Ajilenakh Lom-krot
|vi      = Ajilenakh Thần Tốc
|de      = Dallidattel
|id      = Si Cepat Ajilenakh
|pt      = Tâmara Veloz
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}
[[pt-br:Tâmara Veloz]]