{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23026
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Akademiya Q&A.png
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|requirement   = <!--Any quest that needs to be completed first-->
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
*Giving the correct answers to all six questions grants the {{Achievement|Scholarly in Sumeru}}.
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Ziryab
|npc           = Ziryab
}}
'''''Akademiya Q&A''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Ziryab]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Each commission will present the player three random questions, the correct answers to each question are as follows:
** "What's the name of the Darshan with the largest number of researchers?": [[Amurta]]
** "What's the name of this Darshan?": [[Spantamad]]
** "What's the name of those barriers?": [[Wall of Samiel]]
** "What's the name of the tree holding up the Akademiya?": [[Divine Tree]]
** "What's the name of the beast?": [[Sumpter Beast]]
** "What's the name of the monster?": [[Fungi]]
* Giving the correct answers to all six questions grants the {{Achievement|Scholarly in Sumeru}}.
* The achievement can be obtained the first time the player obtains this commission. To do so, answer the first two questions and then exit the game (or minimize it on mobile) to reset the dialogue. Upon reconnecting, the questions will have re-randomized. Repeat this until all six questions have been correctly answered, then answer the third question and finish the commission.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Sumeru researcher Ziryab seems interested in you...}}<!--map description: The Sumeru researcher Ziryab seems interested in you...-->
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Ziryab, optional)
:'''Ziryab:''' (These questions are really not that challenging...)

;(Talk to Ziryab)
:'''Ziryab:''' I wonder if these questions are too difficult...
:'''Ziryab:''' Hey! Traveler! Hold on a second.
:{{DIcon}} Who, me?
:'''Ziryab:''' Yep! Hehe, I would like to ask you a small favor.
:{{DIcon}} You lost something?
:{{DIcon}} You ran out of materials?
:{{DIcon}} You are looking for inspiration?
:'''Ziryab:''' What? ...Why did you sound so familiar with this? Ahaha!
:'''Ziryab:''' But no, no. I didn't lose anything, nor did I lack research materials. As for inspiration... Well, I've found enough of it on my own.
:'''Ziryab:''' Ahem, actually, I'm compiling a "Q&A" brochure to help the freshmen quickly grasp the various terms circulating in Sumeru.
:'''Ziryab:''' In a nutshell, it's to explain complicated nouns in the form of questions and answers.
:'''Ziryab:''' This way, it'll be more efficient and interesting for students to learn.
:'''Ziryab:''' However, I'm not sure about the difficulty of these questions... so I thought I could use your help with it.
:{{DIcon}} I don't know much about the [[Akademiya]]...
::'''Ziryab:''' Haha, it's okay. You'll at least know something about it after you answer my questions.
:{{DIcon}} I think I've done something like this before...
::'''Paimon:''' You mean the time when [[Swan]] in [[Mondstadt]] asked you those questions?
::'''Paimon:''' But he gave us the answers in advance! Paimon doesn't think this person would do that for us...
:'''Ziryab:''' Don't worry. They are not daunting questions, just some... ordinary little ones.
:'''Ziryab:''' Let's get started then. Here's the question.

===Quiz Round===
:'''Ziryab:''' Ahem... As you may know, each [[Darshan]] in the Akademiya has its own specialized focus on research.
:'''Ziryab:''' So, what's the name of the Darshan with the largest number of researchers? I'll give you a hint &mdash; it's the school with Biology as its major focus.
:{{DIcon}} [[Amurta]].
::'''Ziryab:''' Exactly!
:{{DIcon}} Armuta.
::'''Ziryab:''' Well, quite the opposite of the correct answer.
:{{DIcon}} Atamur.
::'''Ziryab:''' Haha, unfortunately, that's not the answer.
----
:'''Ziryab:''' Maybe you have come across some traveling researchers who call themselves [[Driyosh]] Traveling Scholars.
:'''Ziryab:''' Actually, there are a great number of Driyosh in one of the Darshans of the Akademiya.
:'''Ziryab:''' With the [[element]]s as the core of its theory, this Darshan studies a full range of things closely tied with elemental powers.
:'''Ziryab:''' My question is: what's the name of this Darshan?
:{{DIcon}} [[Spantamad]].
::'''Ziryab:''' That's right. Spantamad, home to Elementalism researchers who see the Seven Great Elements as the essence of all matter and life.
:{{DIcon}} [[Haravatat]].
::'''Ziryab:''' Haha, wrong answer. Haravatat researchers study language, semiotics and logic... Trust me, it's really complicated.
:{{DIcon}} [[Rtawahist]].
::'''Ziryab:''' Well, unfortunately, you got it wrong. Rtawahist is the base camp of Illuminationism researchers whose research focus lies in the universe above us... Hehe, doesn't that sound appealing?
----
:'''Ziryab:''' If you look up, can you see the tree holding up the Akademiya?
:'''Ziryab:''' My next question is a simple one that many would easily ignore.
:'''Ziryab:''' Now listen, what's the name of the tree holding up the Akademiya?
:{{DIcon}} Great Tree.
::'''Ziryab:''' Haha, pretty concise. But unfortunately, it's wrong.
:{{DIcon}} [[Divine Tree]].
::'''Ziryab:''' Haha, good, good! It's correct!
:{{DIcon}} Enormous Tree!
::'''Ziryab:''' Well, as powerful as it sounds, it's wrong.
----
:'''Ziryab:''' Have you been outside the [[Sumeru City]]? There are some barriers around the desert.
:'''Ziryab:''' My question is: what's the name of those barriers?
:{{DIcon}} Wall of Milh.
::'''Ziryab:''' Actually, it's "Wall of Samiel." Don't forget that.
:{{DIcon}} Wall of Simoom.
::'''Ziryab:''' Actually, it's "Wall of Samiel." It's used to proof sand, not wind. Hope you can recall it next time.
:{{DIcon}} [[Wall of Samiel]].
::'''Ziryab:''' Good, good. You got it right!
----
:'''Ziryab:''' Sumeru merchants often use a kind of beast to carry their goods when traveling long distances.
:'''Ziryab:''' My question is: what's the name of the beast?
:{{DIcon}} [[Sumpter Beast]].
::'''Ziryab:''' Sumpter Beast it is. What a memory!
:{{DIcon}} Slumber Beast.
::'''Ziryab:''' Actually, it's "Sumpter Beast." Hope you can recall it next time.
:{{DIcon}} Summer Beast.
::'''Ziryab:''' Actually, the name of the beast is "Sumpter Beast." Hope you can recall it next time.
----
:'''Ziryab:''' There is... well... to put it simply, a mushroom-like monster in the wilderness of Sumeru.
:'''Ziryab:''' My question is: what's the name of the monster?
:{{DIcon}} [[Fungi]].
::'''Ziryab:''' Fungi it is. They resemble mushrooms, after all.
:{{DIcon}} Fungee.
::'''Ziryab:''' Actually, it's "Fungi." Think of mushrooms when you're recalling the word.
:{{DIcon}} Finger.
::'''Ziryab:''' That's not even close... The answer should be "Fungi." Think of mushrooms when you're recalling the word.

===Ending===
;(If the player answered all questions correctly)
:'''Ziryab:''' Okay. That's all for my questions today. Let's see how many questions you answered correctly...
:'''Ziryab:''' Well done! You've got all three questions right. Looks like you've done your homework in Sumeru!
:'''Ziryab:''' Please take these as a reward for all the work you've done.

;(If the player did not answer all questions correctly)
:'''Ziryab:''' Hmm... you didn't answer them all correctly.
:'''Ziryab:''' Hehe, it's alright. It's quite normal for a new visitor in Sumeru to answer some of the questions wrong.
:'''Ziryab:''' Please take these as a thank-you for answering my questions.

{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Akademiya Q&A
|zhs     = 教令院，小问题
|zhs_rm  = Jiàolìng-yuàn, Xiǎo Wèntí
|zht     = 教令院，小問題
|zht_rm  = Jiàolìng-yuàn, Xiǎo Wèntí
|zh_tl   = Akademiya, Small Problem
|ja      = 教令院クイズ
|ja_rm   = Kyourei-in Kuizu
|ja_tl   = Akademiya Quiz
|ko      = 아카데미아 문답지
|ko_tl   = Akademiya Q&A
|es      = Sumeru de la A a la Z
|es_tl   = Sumeru From The A To The Z
|fr      = Petites questions sur l'Académie
|fr_tl   = Little Questions About the Akademiya
|ru      = Вопросы и ответы об Академии
|ru_tl   = Questions and Answers About Akademiya
|th      = คำถามทั่วไปเกี่ยวกับสถาบัน
|th_rm   = Khamtam Tuapai Kyeaw Kab Sthabun
|th_tl   = General Questions About the Akademiya
|vi      = Giáo Viện, Chuyện Nhỏ
|vi_tl   = Akademiya, Small Problem
|de      = Kleine Frage von der Akademie
|de_tl   = Small Question from the Akademiya
|id      = Akademiya? Masalah Kecil!
|id_tl   = Akademiya? Small Problem!
|pt      = Quiz da Academia
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Akademide Soru Cevap
|tr_tl   = Q&A at the Akademiya
|it      = Akademiya: domande e risposte
|it_tl   = Akademiya: Questions and Answers
}}

==Change History ==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru}}

[[vi:Giáo Viện, Chuyện Nhỏ]]