{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!-- NPC {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png -->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Inazuma

|affiliation      = Akame School
|affiliation2     = Isshin Art
|title            = 
|ancestry         = Akame Clan
}}
{{Lang|'''Akame Kanenaga'''|ja=赤目兼長|ja_rm=Akame Kanenaga}} was a historical figure from [[Inazuma]] and a member of the [[Akame School]] during [[Kaedehara Yoshinori]]'s, [[Kaedehara Kazuha]]'s great-grandfather, time. During the Case of the Eccentric, he aided [[Scaramouche]]'s plan to undermine the [[Raiden Gokaden]] by abandoning the [[Isshin Art]] and going on a self-imposed exile to [[Snezhnaya]].

After learning of the Isshin Art's decline as a result of the incident, Kanenaga forged the [[Kagotsurube Isshin]] out of regret.

==Profile==
==Story==
Akame Kanenaga was a practitioner of the Akame School, a branch of the [[Raiden Gokaden]]'s Isshin Art. While the Isshin Art's [[Kaedehara Clan]] were master bladesmiths who forged blades in [[Futsu Masayoshi]]'s style and the [[Niwa Clan]] mastered the art of clay tempering, the Akame School was known for creating blades meant for killing. Because of this, the authorities rescinded the Akame School's leadership over the Isshin Art only three generations after [[Akame Mitsunaga]]'s skills won them that position. Likewise, Kanenaga &mdash; who lived several generations after Mitsunaga &mdash; was never able to become the head blacksmith.<ref name="KagoIsshin">{{Ref/Weapon|Kagotsurube Isshin}}</ref>

Later on, the Isshin Art was drawn into a scandal masterminded by Scaramouche, or Kunikuzushi. The [[Raiden Shogun]] bestowed them with the task of forging an important blade using an [[Ancient Forging Blueprint]]. Unbeknownst to them, however, Scaramouche tampered with the blueprint and as a result, the blacksmiths failed to produce a blade by the due date. Fearing punishment, many of them fled<ref name="Palace Black">{{Ref/Quest|The Palace, Dyed in Black (Quest)}}</ref> and went under the [[Fatui]]'s protection, entering exile in [[Snezhnaya]]. Kanenaga was one such blacksmith.<ref name="KagoIsshin" /><ref name="EreEnd">{{Ref/Quest|Ere the End, a Glance Back}}</ref>

Although Kaedehara Yoshinori and the [[Kamisato Clan]] head at the time discovered the truth, after narrowly escaping death at Scaramouche's hands, they decided to cover up the incident and take the blame for their failure.<ref name="Palace Black" /> While the Kamisato Clan was spared from punishment thanks to [[Yae Miko]]'s intervention,<ref>{{Ref/CS|Yae Miko|5}}</ref> neither the Kaedehara Clan nor the Isshin Art were as lucky. Yoshinori ended the family's blacksmithing business to protect his family and his son, Kazuha's grandfather, was never able to revive it.<ref name="Palace Black" /> The Isshin Art, without any practitioners left, dwindled and lost its prestige.

Upon learning of this, Kanenaga was filled with remorse. He spent the remainder of his days creating a sword with which he hoped to restore the Kaedehara name and prove to the people of Inazuma that the Isshin Art was still trustworthy. This sword was the Kagotsurube Isshin, a sword with a consciousness and a desire to fulfill its creator's wishes; however, during its journey from Snezhnaya to Inazuma, the [[Tatarigami]] used to create it corrupted its consciousness and drove it into an obsession to prove its worth against the gods.<ref name="EreEnd" />

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Akame Kanenaga
|zhs     = 赤目兼长
|zhs_rm  = Chìmù Jiāncháng{{Assumed}}
|zht     = 赤目兼長
|zht_rm  = Chìmù Jiāncháng{{Assumed}}
|ja      = 赤目兼長
|ja_rm   = Akame Kanenaga
|ko      = 아카메 카네나가
|fr      = Akame Kanenaga
|ru      = Акамэ Канэнага
|th      = Akame Kanenaga
|vi      = Akame Kanenaga
|de      = Akame Kanenaga
|id      = Akame Kanenaga
|pt      = Akame Kanenaga
|tr      = Akame Kanenaga
|it      = Akame Kanenaga
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.8}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}