{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Inazuma

|affiliation      = Isshin Art
|affiliation2     = Akame School
}}
{{Lang|'''Akame Mitsunaga'''|ja=赤目実長|ja_rm=Akame Mitsunaga}} was a historical figure in [[Inazuma]] and a bladesmith of the [[Raiden Gokaden]]'s Isshin Art. They were best known for creating one of the Isshin Art's three best works, collectively known as the Isshin Sansaku.

==Profile==
Mitsunaga was an apprentice of the Isshin Art alongside [[Kaedehara Kagemitsu]] and [[Niwa Nagamitsu]] when [[Futsu Masayoshi]], the bladesmith of [[Haran Geppaku Futsu]], approached them. Having left the Futsu school to avoid a succession crisis between himself and the fourth-generation master [[Futsu Hiroyoshi]], Masayoshi left to travel around and learn the techniques of other forging practices. The three apprenticed under Masayoshi and went on to create each piece in the Isshin Sansaku.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Haran Geppaku Futsu|Lore}}</ref><!--
==Story==
-->
==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* The names {{Lang|''Kagemitsu''|ja=景光}}, {{Lang|''Nagamitsu''|ja=長光}}, and {{Lang|''Sanenaga''|ja=実長}} (rendered in the English localization as Mitsunaga) are derived from the three disciples of {{Lang|Mitsutada|ja=光忠}}, the founder of the Osafune School. The three disciples were known as the {{Lang|"Three Great Masters"|ja=三作|ja_rm=sansaku}} of the Osafune School.<ref>Google Books: [https://www.google.com/books/edition/Encyclopedia_of_Japanese_Swords_Paperbac/ew-QBwAAQBAJ?hl=en&gbpv=1&dq=%E4%B8%89%E4%BD%9C+sansaku&pg=PA376&printsec=frontcover Encyclopedia of Japanese Swords] (pg. 376)</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Akame Mitsunaga
|zhs     = 赤目实长
|zhs_rm  = Chìmù Shícháng{{Assumed}}
|zht     = 赤目實長
|zht_rm  = Chìmù Shícháng{{Assumed}}
|ja      = 赤目実長
|ja_rm   = Akame Mitsunaga
|ko      = 아카메 {{sic|미나가|hide=1}}
|es      = Akame Mitsunaga
|fr      = Akame Mitsunaga
|ru      = Акамэ Мицунага
|th      = Akame Mitsunaga
|vi      = Akame Mitsunaga
|de      = Akame Mitsunaga
|id      = Akame Mitsunaga
|pt      = Akame Mitsunaga
|tr      = Akame Mitsunaga
|it      = Akame Mitsunaga
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist|1}}