{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Families
|type2        = Inazuma Clans
|affiliation  = Raiden Gokaden
|affiliation2 = Isshin Art
}}
The '''Akame School''' was one of the three main families in the [[Isshin Art]], one of the five schools in the [[Raiden Gokaden]].

==History==
Over 500 years ago, [[Akame Mitsunaga]] was a practitioner of the Isshin Art when [[Futsu Masayoshi]] approached them to share forging techniques. Mitsunaga, alongside [[Kaedehara Kagemitsu]] and [[Niwa Nagamitsu]], became Masayoshi's apprentices.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Haran Geppaku Futsu}}</ref>

Mitsunaga eventually became the head of the Isshin Art. However, due to the Akame School's goal of manufacturing the most lethal blades possible, and an inherent "evil" in many of its members, their swords were deemed undesirable by the authorities. Only three generations after Mitsunaga, the Akame School's leadership over the Isshin Art was revoked.<ref name="KagoIsshin">{{Ref/Weapon|Kagotsurube Isshin}}</ref>

Around 100 years ago, the [[Case of the Eccentric]] occurred. [[Akame Kanenaga]] was amongst the swordsmiths who chose to take refuge with the [[Fatui]] after failing to produce the Goshintou blade for the [[Raiden Shogun]]. He changed his name and entered exile in [[Snezhnaya]], where he made a humble living.<ref name="KagoIsshin" /> After he learned that the Isshin Art collapsed after the abandonment of most of its bladesmiths, he realized that the Fatui had tricked him and spent the rest of his life forging the sentient blade [[Kagotsurube Isshin]], which he hoped would prove the Isshin Art's worth to the people of [[Inazuma]] once more.<ref name="Ere">{{Ref/Quest|Ere the End, a Glance Back}}</ref>

Kanenaga died in Snezhnaya,<ref name="Ere" /> potentially bringing an end to the Akame lineage.

==Members==
===Over 500 Years Ago===
*[[Akame Mitsunaga]]

===Around 100 Years Ago===
*[[Akame Kanenaga]]

==Trivia==
* In Kagotsurube Isshin's description, the {{Lang|Akame School|ja=赤目一門}} does not follow the same naming scheme as the {{Lang|Kaedehara Clan|ja=楓原一族}} or {{Lang|Niwa Clan|ja=丹羽一族}}. Both {{ja|一門}} and {{ja|一族}} can be translated as "clan."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Akame School
|zhs     = 赤目一门
|zhs_rm  = Chìmù Yīmén
|zht     = 赤目一門
|zht_rm  = Chìmù Yīmén
|ja      = 赤目一門
|ja_rm   = Akame Ichimon{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 아카메 문파
|es      = Escuela Akame
|fr      = École Akame
|ru      = Школа Акамэ
|th      = เชื้อสาย Akame
|vi      = Phái Akame
|de      = Akame-Schule
|id      = Sekolah Akame
|pt      = Escola Akame
|tr      = Akame Okulu
|it      = Scuola Akame
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}