{{Character Infobox
|type             = Historical
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Inazuma
|title            = Deathless Oni of Seirai
|affiliation      = Oni
}}
Captain {{Lang|'''Ako Domeki Zaemon'''|ja=赤穗百目鬼左衛門|ja_rm=Akou Doumeki Zaemon}} was a famous bandit and pirate from [[Seirai Island]]<ref name="Hamayumi">{{Ref/Weapon|Hamayumi}}</ref> who lived around 500 years ago,<ref>Interactable: [[Pirate's Diary]]</ref> best known for leading a rebellion against the [[Inazuma]] [[Shogunate]].

He commandeered a fleet of over ten ships and helmed his flagship, [["Seiraimaru"]]. He was also the original wielder of [["The Catch"]] and possessed [[Ako's Sake Vessel]].<ref name="The Catch">{{Ref/Weapon|"The Catch"}}</ref>

==Story==
===Early life===
Following the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago, [[Asase Hibiki]] retired from the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]] and returned to her hometown shrine, [[Asase Shrine]]. Domeki frequented the shrine and became familiar with her, and despite calling her a "naggy, fretful aunt," still listened to her stories and helped take care of the shrine. [[Neko]] thought of him as a "very tall and loud human"<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Neko Is a Cat: Shrine Cleanup}}</ref> as well as an "undignified glutton."<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Neko Is a Cat: Shrine Recipe}}</ref>

===Rebellion===
Some years later, after the city at [[Ritou]] was built,<ref name="Ornate Kabuto">{{Ref/Arti|Ornate Kabuto}}</ref> Domeki led a rebellion against the Shogunate. During one battle, he managed to defeat and steal a [[Maguu Kenki]] puppet,<ref name="Echoing Tales">Event [[Echoing Tales]] Conch Retrospection, II: [[Echoing Tales/Story#II: Strangers in a Strange Boat|Strangers in a Strange Boat]]</ref> a machine built based on [[Iwakura Doukei]] and his techniques. Ako Domeki grew in notoriety throughout [[Narukami Island]], although [[Hiiragi Hiroshi]] believed he would still be no match for the actual Doukei, who was at the time the [[Kujou Clan]]'s sword instructor.<ref name="Ornate Kabuto" />

Although Domeki tried to deter Hibiki from becoming involved with his rebellion, she ultimately attempted to aid his cause by unsealing the [[Thunder Manifestation]] to destroy the Shogunate's ships.<ref name="Hamayumi" /> While it was successful on that front, it also created a massive Electro storm in the middle of the island that destroyed most of the area in the process. Both Hibiki and Domeki headed into the storm, leaving [[Neko]] behind at Asase Shrine.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Seirai Stormchasers: Part I}}</ref>

In the ensuing devastation, Ako and his crew were swept away. His chief mate, [[Janome]], and some of their other men, including [[Miitoboru|the ship]] (now known as Miitobooru) holding the Maguu Kenki, protected Domeki but became stranded on the [[Golden Apple Archipelago]] as a result.<ref name="The Catch" /><ref name="Echoing Tales" /> Eventually, they managed to escape the Archipelago alongside the archipelago's other inhabitants,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|From Outer Lands}}</ref> and return to Seirai Island<ref>[[Treasure Voyage]]

They abandoned their ship Seiraimaru (named by Paimon as Miitobooru) as it was too broken.</ref>.

Ako Domeki himself managed to return to Seirai Island, only to find it now in ruins. There he made his final vow &mdash; to fulfill Hibiki's wish to see the world in her place &mdash; and sailed away once more.<ref name="The Catch" />

===Legacy===
Ako's ship, after being shipwrecked, gained sentience and became known as [[Miitoboru]].

==Trivia==
* Ako Domeki may be named after {{Lang|[https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/百目鬼 Doumeki]|ja=百目鬼}} a hundred-eyed oni that appears in the local legends of Utsunomiya City in Tochigi Prefecture, Japan.
** He may also be named after the similarly named {{w|Dodomeki}} (or ''Todomeki,'' {{Lang|mini=1|ja=百々目鬼|ja_tl=Myriad (lit. "hundred-hundred") eyes demon}}), a {{W|youkai}} that was cursed with having long arms covered in bird eyes due to its habit of stealing money. It is believed that Dodomeki is closely related to the aforementioned Doumeki.
* The name {{Lang|Ako|ja=赤穗|ja_rm=Akou|ja_tl=red ear (of grain)}} may be taken from the {{W|Akō Domain|Akou Domain}}, the daimyo of which was the master of the {{Lang|{{w|Forty-seven rōnin|Forty-seven rounin}}|ja=赤穂浪士|ja_rm=Akou-roushi}}.

==Notes==
* Ako Domeki addresses Asase as an "aunt," but it is left ambiguous whether the two are actually blood-related or if he is using an affectionate term out of courtesy for an older woman.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Ako Domeki
|zhs      = 赤穗百目鬼
|zhs_rm   = Chìsuì Bǎimùguǐ
|zht      = 赤穗百目鬼
|zht_rm   = Chìsuì Bǎimùguǐ
|ja       = {{Rubi|赤穗|あこう|百|どう|目|め|鬼|き}}
|ja_rm    = Akou Doumeki
|ko       = 아코 도메키
|ko_rm    = Ako Domeki
|es       = Ako Domeki
|fr       = Ako Domeki
|ru       = Ако Домэки
|th       = Ako Domeki
|vi       = Ako Domeki
|de       = Ako Domeki
|id       = Ako Domeki
|pt       = Ako Domeki
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist|1}}
[[th:Ako Domeki]]