{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Watatsumi Island
|title            = Wicked King
|title2           = King of the Eastern Mountain
|title3           = Viceroy of the East
}}
{{Lang|'''"Akuou"'''|ja=惡王}}, also known as {{Lang|'''Touzannou'''|ja=東山王}} amongst the Watatsumi people, was a historical figure from [[Watatsumi Island]], [[Inazuma]] who lived around two thousand years ago. He was a major figure in the Narukami-Watatsumi War.

Akuou wielded the [[claymore]] [[Akuoumaru]], which has since been named after him.<ref name="Akuoumaru">{{Ref/Weapon|Akuoumaru}}</ref> The [[Formation Estate]] was built on the mountain that he conquered during the Watatsumi Islanders' invasion of [[Yashiori Island]].

==Profile==
Akuou was one of the three generals of Watatsumi's invasion force during the Narukami-Watatsumi War over [[Yashiori Island]] around 2,000 years ago. For his accomplishments in battle, [[Orobashi]] granted him the title "Touzannou" (King of the Eastern Mountain). Akuou dueled the Great [[Tengu]] [[Sasayuri]]<ref name="Akuoumaru" /> and may have been the one who killed him. He was later slain alongside Orobashi when [[Ei]] unleashed [[Musou no Hitotachi]].

===Personality===
Akuou was boastful and self-confident, particularly in matters regarding battle; his biography calls him "young and presumptuous,"<ref name="Debates">{{Ref/Book|Debates on the "Viceroy of the East"}}</ref> while Mouun calls him "full of crap" after he tells her to keep her promise after he wins against the Great Tengu.<ref name="Mouun's Moon">{{Ref/Weapon|Mouun's Moon}}</ref>

==Story==
An orphan of unknown origins and without a name, Akuou was taken in by [[Orobashi]] and was apprenticed to the shrine maiden [[Mouun]] and her twin sister [[Ayame]]. He was particularly close with Mouun, and his biography indicates that the two were lovers.<ref name="Debates" />

From the two, Akuou learned the art of whalesong and the rites of Watatsumi, and also developed his own blade techniques known as "Getsumouun" and "Yuushio."<ref name="Debates" />

===Narukami-Watatsumi War===
Along with Orobashi, Akuou, Ayame, and Mouun led the Watatsumi people in the invasion of Yashiori Island, which was under [[Makoto]]'s jurisdiction. While they did so largely to gain access to Yashiori Island's abundant natural resources and make up for Watatsumi Island's natural deficiencies,<ref>{{Ref/Book|A Preliminary Study of Sangonomiya Folk Belief}}</ref> Akuou also did so partially for his own ego: He bragged to Mouun and Ayame that he would one day duel against the Great Tengu, [[Sasayuri]], and bring their [[Tengu]] mask back as a prize.<ref name="Akuoumaru" /><ref name="Mouun's Moon" /><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Everlasting Moonglow}}</ref>

The Watatsumi forces succeeded in conquering and annexing Yashiori Island. Akuou &mdash; who had distinguished himself in battle &mdash; became its vassal ruler, gaining the title of "Touzannou" (King of the Eastern Mountain) from Orobashi.<ref name="Debates" /><ref group=Note>The original Chinese text states the Watatsumi people called all of Yashiori Island "Eastern Mountain," and further indicates that they had annexed the whole island. See [[Debates on the "Viceroy of the East"#Notes|Debates on the "Viceroy of the East" § Notes]] for details.</ref> When word reached [[Narukami Island]], Makoto was preoccupied with domestic affairs, so [[Ei]] led a force to subjugate the invaders.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Raiden Shogun|More About Ei: III}}</ref> Sasayuri participated in the war and lost their life in the conflict following a duel against Akuou.

At the end of the war, Akuou was slain alongside Orobashi when Ei punished them with [[Musou no Hitotachi]], splitting Yashiori Island in half and creating [[Musoujin Gorge]] in the process.<ref name="Akuoumaru" /><ref name="Debates" /><ref>{{Ref/Domain|Formation Estate}}</ref> Mouun was slain by Sasayuri's subordinates and had her body taken away, while Ayame disappeared into the ocean and was never heard of again. Watatsumi Island was thus left in the hands of the Divine Priestess, who had not participated in battle and instead remained on the island.

===Legacy===
Akuou's "Getsumouun" and "Yuushio" sword styles continue to be used by Watatsumi soldiers to this day, and remarkable warriors are known as "scions of Touzannou."<ref name="Debates" />

In modern times, "Akuou" has become the more well-known name for him.

==Trivia==
*In the Japanese version, early texts pertaining to Akuou from Versions 2.0 and 2.1 wrote his name as {{ja|悪王}}, which is the new form of the {{ja|悪|Aku}} character. In Version 2.2, his name switched to using ''{{w|Kyūjitai|kyuujitai}}'' (traditional character forms) and is now written as {{ja|惡王}}. Previous references to Akuou did not update his name accordingly.

===Etymology===
*His original title {{Lang|Touzannou|ja=東山王|ja_tl=King of the Eastern Mountain<ref name="title-translation" />}} is likely a reference to {{Lang|Chuuzan'ou|ja=中山王|ja_lit=King of the Middle Mountain}}, a royal title held by the Okinawan rulers of the {{w|Chūzan|Chuuzan Kingdom}} (1350–1429) and its successor {{w|Ryukyu Kingdom}} (1429–1872).
*The etymology of his later title {{Lang|Akuou|ja=惡王|ja_tl=Wicked King<ref name="title-translation">{{Ref/Book|Debates on the "Viceroy of the East"|quote=(...) would become known as a brutal, savage "wicked king," or Akuou, to the people of Yashiori Island. (...)}}</ref>}} is perhaps based on the legends of {{Lang|Akuro'ou|ja=悪路王|ja_lit=Wicked Road King}}, an ancient demonic warrior in the Japanese folklore who fought against the imperial court.
**Though scholarly debated, Akuro'ou is popularly identified with the historical figure {{w|Aterui}} (?–802), who is now regarded as a folk hero in Northeast Japan. As the leader of the alliance of the ancient {{w|Emishi}} people, Aterui first won a large battle with the shogun's army of the empire in 789 and continued to resist until his surrender in 802, producing a popular theory that the "Wicked Road King" Akuro'ou in the folklore is the demonized form of Aterui that was named by those who condemned the hero as a savage. This theory may have inspired a story told in the lore of the claymore Akuoumaru.
**In real life, the etymology of Akuro'ou is scholarly disputed. Some scholars say the word "''aku''" is used in the archaic sense of "formidable and disobedient" here (rather than "wicked") to commemorate the valiance and rebellion of the Emishi leader, while other scholars say it originally meant the "King of Akuri," where Akuri is an ancient place name in Northeast Japan.<ref>Japanese Wikipedia: [https://ja.wikipedia.org/wiki/%E6%82%AA%E8%B7%AF%E7%8E%8B#%E5%90%8D%E5%89%8D {{ja|悪路王#名前||Akuro'ou#Name}}]</ref> In any case, the game adopted the most popular etymology.
**Additionally, Aterui's rebellion was put down by Sakanoue no Tamuramaro, the first person to hold the title of Sei-i Taishougun, the official title of the position later known as Shogun and military ruler of all of Japan. Akou similarly was put down by Ei, the Shogun of Inazuma.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Akuou
|zhs      = 恶王
|zhs_rm   = È Wáng
|zht      = 惡王
|zht_rm   = È Wáng
|zh_tl    = Wicked King
|ja       = 惡王
|ja_rm    = Akuou
|ja_tl    = Wicked King
|ko       = 아쿠오
|es       = Rey del Mal
|es_tl    = King of Evil
|fr       = Akuou
|ru       = Акуо
|th       = Akuou
|vi       = Akuou
|de       = Akuou
|id       = Akuou
|pt       = Akuou
|tr       = 
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = 
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[pt-br:Touzannou]]
[[th:Akuou]]