{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Albedo
|id             = 368126
|image          = Character Albedo Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Albedo''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
*"My next research topic..."
*"This line of inquiry..."
*"Time to paint..."
*"Fascinating..."
*"The truth of this world..."
When the player is nearby:
*"I thought it might be you."
*"Hello."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo albedo mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hello, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo albedo mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I heard the sound of footsteps from afar, and here you are.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hm, I believe that the utopia referenced in literature would likely resemble this place.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Peaceful and comforting, enough for one to forget the time while pouring oneself into research.
::{{DIcon}} Remember to eat on time.
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes, of course.
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Ah, right...
::{{DIcon}} You can tell me if you need anything.
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship1 03b.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hm... Let your creative instincts run unabated, and I should be quite content.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I will often sketch my surroundings. Your arrangements in this realm also provide a source of inspiration for me.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...Thank you.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Certainly.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Uh... I will let you decide the topic of our conversation.
::{{DIcon}} You really like to draw...
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 03a 1.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes, this is a habit that I formed long ago.
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 03a 2.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Initially, it was for research purposes. I originally tried to reproduce subjects with a rubbing technique.
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 03a 3.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' However, the results were inadequate and lacked spirit.
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 03a 4.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' After that, I tried to learn how to draw.
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 03a 5.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' While refining my artistic skills, I unconsciously found myself engrossed in drawing.
::{{DIcon}} You really like to conduct experiments...
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 03b 1.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm, if you ask me, the world is a limitless library.
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 03b 2.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' There's a multitude of research topics for experiments...
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 03b 3.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' You can use your own hands to unearth unknown secrets and ultimately master new knowledge.
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 03b 4.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This sort of feeling is captivating.
:::{{DIcon}} Is there anything else you're interested in?
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm, anything else...?
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Probably you.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' At first, it was because you carry the aura of the stars.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But now... it seems that there is more to it.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Why is this? Give me some time and I can conduct experiments to find out.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Heh, where should I begin...?
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' In your company, I never lack inspiration.
::{{DIcon}} For drawing?
::{{DIcon}} For experiments?
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It's good for both drawing and experiments.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' And not just for these, but for many other things.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Speaking of which... I used to think interaction with others was a waste of time.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But after meeting you, I'd rather spend my time on you than other matters.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This is a unique anomaly. I think I likely know the reason why.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' So can you also... give me more of your time?
::{{DIcon}} I'll accompany you while you sketch.
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship3 09a 1.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Thank you. Then, today's subject&mdash;
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship3 09a 2.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' You and your realm.
::{{DIcon}} I'll accompany you during your experiments.
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship3 09b 1.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Thank you. I'll guarantee your safety, as I've done before.
:::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship3 09b 2.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' We already understand each other quite well, don't we?
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' By the way, after we're done. may I have the pleasure of inviting you to dessert with me?
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' To continue our time together, and to thank you for your company.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Albedo.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Morning, (Traveler). I've already organized my next stage of research objectives.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But should you have other arrangements, I don't necessarily mind revising my plans.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Albedo.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Good night. May you have sweet dreams.
::{{A|vo albedo mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' ...You don't require me to read you a bedtime story, do you?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Secret Research Lab===
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{A|vo mimitomo md albedo alchemy 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This is a nice workshop. Looks like I will be able to continue my research here as well.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md albedo alchemy 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm, I believe that you must have acquired some sort of secret art that allows you to copy things from the real world, is this not so?
:{{A|vo mimitomo md albedo alchemy 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' If you don't mind, I'd like to conduct some further research with you. Perhaps it may be of some help to you.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Iter Ad Astra Abyssosque===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md albedo adventure 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' A fascinating copy... You have attended to every fine detail &mdash; even the feeling of the wilderness that one can only experience when adventuring themselves.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md albedo adventure 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Alright then. I'll go ahead and start sketching.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md albedo adventure 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Would you mind... if I make you the subject matter of my sketch?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[fr:Albedo/Sérénithéière]]
[[ru:Альбедо/Компаньон]]