{{Event Tabs
|subpage1 = Cultivating Ingredients
|subpage2 = Concocting Potions
|subpage3 = Selling Potions
}}
==Alchemy and Business Operations==
{{Main|Alchemy and Business Operations}}
===I: Potions Most Potent===
{{Transclude|Potions Most Potent|Summary|main=1|top=1}}

===II: A Breakthrough in Craft===
{{Transclude|A Breakthrough in Craft|Summary|main=1|top=1}}

===III: International Markets===
{{Transclude|International Markets|Summary|main=1|top=1}}

===A Job Well Done===
{{Main|A Job Well Done}}

''(to be added.)''

==Potion Requests==
If there are special customers with unfulfilled requests, then cycles will alternate between one and zero customers present. Special customers are guaranteed to appear on their first visit and are otherwise selected randomly. If the player can take an [[#Alchemy Exams|Alchemy Exam]], then Sucrose is guaranteed to appear instead of a special customer if the last person to appear was a special customer. As a result, a new special customer may be 2 cycles "late."
===Beidou===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Start cycle 8)
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hey, what's up.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 eula 01.ogg}} '''Eula:''' {{Traveler}}, It's been a while.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah, Beidou and Eula! Wait... You two know each other?
:{{DIcon}} Didn't expect to see you two together.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha, well we haven't known each other long, but we hit it off right away! I guess it was meant to be.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 eula 02.ogg}} '''Eula:''' I met Captain Beidou at [[Dornman Port]]. She was here in Mondstadt to buy some supplies, and I offered to accompany her around the area.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Eula taking the initiative and making friends? ...Did Paimon hear that right?
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 eula 03.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Ahem, given that the two of us just met, I wouldn't go so far as to call us "friends" just yet. I was just... being hospitable. As is expected of a Knight.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Huh? I thought we were getting along pretty well... You're telling me you were just being polite?
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 eula 04.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Oh no, I didn't mean it like that. I just thought that... after my blunder earlier, you probably wouldn't want to be my friend...
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Come on, it was just a little misunderstanding, that's all. You're still beating yourself up about that? Honestly, I'd forgotten all about it.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Misunderstanding? What happened?
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Well, a few days ago, after docking at Dornman Port, I thought I'd treat the crew to some time at the tavern to blow off some steam.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' While we were there, an argument broke out between a couple of drunk guys. Things looked like they were about to get physical, so I intervened to try and break it up.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I tried talking to them, but they were in the mood for a fight, and my words fell on deaf ears. So I had to resort to, uh... a more "hands-on" way of getting them to calm down.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Eula was patrolling the area while all this was going down, and when she walked in... It wasn't a pretty sight...
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 eula 05.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Ahem, I should probably take it from here.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 eula 06.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Recently, we've intercepted a string of attempts to smuggle goods through Dornman Port, so we decided to step up our patrols in the area.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 eula 07.ogg}} '''Eula:''' On my rounds that day, I noticed a group of people I'd never seen before &mdash; and they were sailors. My suspicions were raised, so I asked their captain to show a valid entry permit for the port.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 eula 08.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Captain Beidou said she didn't have the entry permit on her person and told me to check with the port authorities myself. I insisted that she should accompany me there, and well... you can see how things could get heated in a situation like that.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hey, you were just doing your duty. It was my fault, really. I should've watched my tone, but I'd had a few too many, and... Anyway, it all worked out in the end. I took Eula back to my ship, showed her my documents, and that was that. Misunderstanding resolved.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I felt bad, though, so I told her I'd treat her to a drink when we got back to the tavern.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Once we got to talking, we really hit it off. We sat there chatting until the tavern was about to close.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 eula 09.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Captain Beidou mentioned that she wanted to have a look around the city the next day. I was also planning to head back to headquarters to submit some paperwork, so we decided to go together.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Ah, I meant to say earlier... Drop the "Captain" and just call me Beidou. There's no need for formalities between friends.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 eula 10.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Oh, yes, of course. Pardon me for being so formal... Anyway, as for why we're here, I heard about your shop when I got back to headquarters, and after discussing it with Beidou, we decided to stop by and say hello.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' That's right! Plus, I'm curious to see what the deal is with these Mondstadt potions you've been brewing up.
:{{DIcon}} Since you came all this way...
:{{DIcon}} Why don't you buy some to bring back with you?
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 14.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Could do... although I don't have any health issues, and my ship's already stocked with everything I could need out on the ocean.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 15.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Lemme think... Oh, do you have a potion that helps with getting to sleep?
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 eula 11.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Are you having trouble sleeping, Beidou?
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 16.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' No, not me. The minute my head hits the pillow, it's lights out until the next morning!
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 17.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' It's just that, I have [[Ningguang|this friend]]... She doesn't lack for anything, and she eats right and drinks right, but she just doesn't sleep well. I don't know if it's a case of affluenza, or if she just has too many things on her mind.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, this "friend" you're talking about, you must mean...
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 18.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Yep. She's no stranger to rare and precious treasures, but I'd wager that, to her, the chance to relax and get a good night's sleep is rarer than any treasure in her collection.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, we'll get started on that order for you right away!
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 1 beidou 19.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Great! Thanks for the help!

;(Talk to Eula, optional)
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What about you, Eula? Is there something we can make for you?
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 4 eula 01.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Hmm... I don't want to put too much on your plate. It wouldn't be fair to ask you to make so many potions at once.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 4 eula 02.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Beidou came all this way... Her order should take priority.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 4 eula 03.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Any potion requests I have on my end, I'll just submit to Lisa later &mdash; the same goes for anything the Reconnaissance Company needs as well.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww, you're so considerate of other people.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 4 eula 04.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Oh, uh, you think so...? The Knights have always looked after me so well... Maybe it's rubbed off on me a little, or something.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 4 eula 05.ogg}} '''Eula:''' But I still have a lot to learn... The next time things get heated, I should approach the situation in a more level-headed way.
:{{DIcon}} I think you're doing great.
:{{DIcon}} Everyone can see how hard you're trying.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Exactly! Compared to when we first met, you're practically picking up friends left and right!
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's just like that Tone-deaf Bard once said &mdash; the winds always change their course!
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 4 eula 06.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Thanks, you two... Your kindness... really means a lot.

;(Talk to Beidou)
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 3 beidou 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' How's the potion-making going? Hope you didn't run into too much trouble...
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Order}} Hand over the potion...
:;(Submit potion with required characteristics)
:{{DIcon}} We just need a bit more time.
::{{A|vo jyeq006b 3 beidou 02b 1.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Take all the time you need! Just let me know when you're ready.

;(If the cycle limit passes)
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 6 beidou 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Huh, looks like potion-making is a pretty time-consuming endeavor.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 6 eula 01.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Why don't I show you a few more places while we wait? We can come back in a little bit.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 6 beidou 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Alright! Catch you guys later!

;(When Beidou and Eula return)
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 2 beidou 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' We're back! Eula took me for a stroll around Starfell Lake. The scenery is amazing, especially from up in the hills.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 2 eula 01.ogg}} '''Eula:''' I'm glad you liked it. I was worried I might have bored you with all the aimless wandering...
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 2 beidou 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Not at all! You're talking to someone who spends most of her days at sea. The opportunity to take a nice stroll through the woods is actually pretty special.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 2 beidou 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So, how's that potion coming, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} We still need a little more time!
:{{DIcon}} It's almost there!
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 2 beidou 04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' No worries. I've got plenty of time before I have to head back.

;(After submitting the potion)
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 5 beidou 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Perfect, looks like my gift is all set.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 5 eula 01.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Is it time for your return journey, then? If you're heading back to Dornman Port, I'd be happy to accompany you.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 5 beidou 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Yeah, I think I've gotten my fill of sight-seeing, so it's probably time I headed back. Don't wanna keep my crew waiting.
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 5 beidou 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, I'll see you some other time. Oh, and good luck with your business!
:{{A|vo jyeq006b 5 eula 02.ogg}} '''Eula:''' On behalf of the Reconnaissance Company, I'd like to express my gratitude to you as well.
::'''Beidou's Thank-you Gift'''
::'''Beidou:''' Many thanks, it's rare to receive a gift so practical! Next time, I'll invite you and Eula to Liyue, and I'll bring that friend of mine. We'll treat you to a real feast!
::'''Rewards:'''
::{{Card|Funds|10,000}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Diona===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Start cycle 14)
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hmm? {{Traveler}}? Paimon? Huh, looks like you're running a business...
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hey Diona! And Tone-Deaf Bard! What brings you to the shop?
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I could smell what you were brewing from all the way across Cider Lake. Bards have an extremely keen sense of smell, you know.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Again with the nonsense... Don't listen to him. We were actually in the middle of looking for some cocktail ingredients.
:{{Introductory Note|Diona}}
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Margaret is getting ready to run a new promotion at The Cat's Tail, so she asked me to come up with some new drink ideas.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' The bard over here is performing at the event. When he saw me getting ready to leave, he insisted on tagging along to help.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well, what better way to be the first to try your new concoction than by helping you collect ingredients?
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that explains your enthusiasm, then. You're only that generous when alcohol is involved.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Anyway, I was having some trouble coming up with new ideas for ingredients to use. I've already experimented with just about every ingredient you can find around Mondstadt &mdash; even the weirdest ones.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' The bard saw me struggling and told me he had an idea, so we split up for a while.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I didn't get my hopes up, but sure enough, he came back a little while later with a rare ingredient I'd never used before...
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oooh! What is it? Some sort of secret? C'mon, bring it out so we can see!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hehe, it's a bird feather I found on a ruin in Dragonspine.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It was once buried in snow, and is still cold to the touch even now.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I'm sure it could be used to produce a drink with an entirely new sort of mouthfeel!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah, well if anyone can find something like that, Paimon supposes it'd be you...
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 08.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Unfortunately, this ingredient is not easy to find. We'll probably use up the measly amount we've discovered with just the recipe testing alone.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Don't worry about the ingredients, Diona. I'll figure something else out. You should head back, so you can get a head start on working that mixology magic of yours.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 09.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Uh-huh, 'cause the sooner I get started, the sooner you get to take advantage of the fruits of my labor, isn't that right?
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ah, well, just think of it as a way to pay me in advance for all my hard work, hehe.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 10.ogg}} '''Diona:''' That still doesn't solve our problem, though...
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 11.ogg}} '''Diona:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, do you have any ideas for a new drink?
:{{DIcon}} How about a different approach?
:{{DIcon}} You could infuse drinks with different effects...
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 12.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Huh? Infuse drinks with different effects... But, doesn't that bring us back to the ingredient problem all over again?
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 paimon 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo jyeq008b 1 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Paimon gets what {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s saying.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *ahem* You're looking at one of the most popular duos on the Mondstadt alchemy scene right now. Our potions are one of the hottest commodities in Teyvat!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 13.ogg}} '''Diona:''' But... what do potions have to do with drinks?
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can add them as an ingredient, of course! Potions can add all sorts of different effects... For example, with a little alchemy on your side, you could even make a drink that can heal a broken heart!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 14.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Wow, I never knew potions could do something like that!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's example is a bit of a stretch...
:{{DIcon}} But, more reasonable effects are absolutely doable.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 15.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I see. How about a potion that makes people never want to drink alcohol again? Could you make something like that?
:{{DIcon}} I could try.
::{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 paimon 08a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah, woah, woah. Don't go making promises we can't keep, {{Traveler}}!
::{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 paimon 08a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How are we supposed to make a potion like that!?
:{{DIcon}} Potions wear off over time...
::{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 paimon 08b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that's right. Even if we could make one that discourages people from drinking, it would only last for a little bit before wearing off.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 16.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ah, what a shame... And here I thought I'd finally be able to dismantle the entire Mondstadt wine industry in one fell swoop.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's okay, we'll try to see if we can find some other ways to help.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Actually, I've always been curious, Diona &mdash; is there a particular reason you don't like alcohol?
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 17.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hah, isn't it obvious? Ever been around a drunk person before? Let me tell you, it's not a pleasant experience!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ah, so your gripe isn't really with alcohol itself, but the fact that it makes people drunk!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm, this may sound a little weird, but I wonder if it's possible to use this mysterious alchemy craft of yours to make a drink that prevents people from getting intoxicated?
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, so you mean, a potion that can keep someone sober and awake? Sounds like something we could do. Whaddaya say, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} If we just need to produce something that invigorates the mind...
:{{DIcon}} Should be doable.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 18.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Perfect! I can just see it now! The more alcohol those drunkards consume, the more sober they'll become...
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 19.ogg}} '''Diona:''' They'll finally have to say bye bye to their days of drunken depravity!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 diona 20.ogg}} '''Diona:''' It's decided then! {{Traveler}}, please make me a potion that can keep people sober!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 1 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Gotta say, I'm starting to get really curious about what that drink's going to taste like.

;(Talk to Diona)
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 3 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' So, how's the potion coming? Finished yet?
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Order}} Hand over the potion...
:{{DIcon}} We're almost there!
::{{A|vo jyeq008b 3 diona 02b 1.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Take your time. This is a crucial part of my plan to take down the Mondstadt wine industry. I'll wait as long as it takes!

;(Talk to Venti, optional)
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 4 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm, if alchemy has the power to transform matter... I wonder if it could also be used to turn water into wine?
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 4 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Wouldn't it be amazing if all the water in Cider Lake turned into actual cider?
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 4 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' In that case, at least, no matter how short on Mora I am, I'd never be short on liquor, haha...
:{{DIcon}} How about I treat you to a drink instead?
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 4 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' A fine alternative, haha. Who would I be to refuse such a generous invitation?
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 4 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' We'll go as soon as your work is finished. How does that sound?
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You really haven't changed at all... Just the mention of alcohol practically has you chomping at the bit!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 4 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well, it's not everyday I get the chance to reunite with such dear friends. What's a reunion without a generous serving of wine?

;(If the cycle limit passes)
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, this potion is turning out to be trickier than Paimon thought it would be...
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 6 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Well, making a potion that has the power to topple the wine industry is sure to be complicated &mdash; more complicated than mixing drinks, at least.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 6 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' You know what? I'm gonna take a look around the area to collect some more materials.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 6 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ah, if you're looking for high-quality materials, I know just where to go!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 6 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Perfect! Lead the way... {{Traveler}}, Paimon, we'll see you later!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 6 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Bye! See you soon!

;(When Diona and Venti return)
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 2 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Phew, we're back! That was quite the successful outing!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 2 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ingredient-collecting went a lot faster with my help, didn't it? C'mon, admit it!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 2 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Well, I suppose you weren't entirely useless.

;(After submitting the potion)
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 5 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Wow, I can't believe I'm holding the key to shaking up Mondstadt's entire wine industry in my own two hands... Wowzaa!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 5 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Thank you so much, {{Traveler}}! I'm gonna head back and start developing my new drinks right away!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 5 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Wait, don't leave without me! I thought you were gonna let me be the taste tester!
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 5 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Of course, hehe... Operation "eliminate drunkards" has just begun, and you, my friend, are my first test subject...
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 5 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' And just like that, another problem solved! Looks like you've done it again, {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:{{A|vo jyeq008b 5 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Alcohol that doesn't make you drunk... If I'm able to develop something like that... I guess there really is a type of alcohol that I can get behind...
::'''Diona's Thank-you Gift'''
::'''Diona:''' Amazing! I can't wait to make the sort of wine that'll make people more sober the more they drink!
::'''Rewards:'''
::{{Card|Funds|25,000}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Diluc===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Start cycle 18)
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hello, everyone.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah, is that Master Diluc!
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh, Diluc. What's someone as busy as you doing in this neck of the woods?
:{{DIcon}} It's really been a while!
:{{DIcon}} Fancy seeing you here, Master Diluc.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Elzer told me the Knights launched a new commercial endeavor that turned out to be quite the hit. I think he was a bit surprised by the level of success, so he told me to come check it out.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' But, seeing as you two are the ones in charge, I'm really not surprised at all. The Knights definitely chose the most reliable people for the job.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Elzer is the manager of Dawn Winery, right? Huh, Paimon thought he didn't get out much. Wonder how he heard about our shop...
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, are we that famous already?
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' No need to sound so surprised.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The Winery keeps us all very busy. Elzer only takes the time to brief me with this sort of intel if he thinks we are faced with a real threat.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' In such a short amount of time, you've been able to establish complete production and supply lines, and even receive orders from all around Teyvat...
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If you were in the wine business, you'd already be one of our biggest rivals.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah, woah! Threat? Rival?
:{{DIcon}} We're coming for your business!
:{{DIcon}} Let the trade war begin!
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh? You sure seem eager, cutie.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Looks like you really want to go toe to toe with the number one wine merchant in all of Mondstadt. Are you just itching to see whose business prowess would come out on top?
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmm, a competition with {{Traveler}}... That's not a bad suggestion.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' You're extremely knowledgeable and well-traveled. If we were to become competitors, I'm sure you'd throw many a challenge my way &mdash; probably even some I've never faced before.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 10.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' But, I was really just using the wine industry as an example to emphasize your success. Our two industries aren't exactly fighting for the same market space.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 11.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Actually, the success of your potion shop is good for the Winery's business.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good for your business? Paimon's lost. You were just talking about how the two industries were separate, and now they're suddenly connected?
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe, it's a bit convoluted.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Alcohol is a commodity that most people consume in their free time. In order to have free time, though, you have to get off work early. For the alcohol industry to thrive, consumers need to have both the time and the money to spend.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 12.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' That's exactly right.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 13.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Your potions allow people to work more efficiently. As they get more popular, people will be able to complete their work faster. The more free time people have, the bigger the market there is for a commodity like mine.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that makes sense! It's hard to be in the mood to go out and enjoy life if you're super busy all the time.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon never thought about it that way before... There sure are a lot of layers to running a business!
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess this means we're in the Mora-making business together, then. Hey, why don't you try out one of our potions?
:{{DIcon}} Please check out our offerings, dear partner!
:{{DIcon}} If you want something, just name it, and we'll make it!
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 14.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmm, I do have quite the interest in the effects of alchemical potions...
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 15.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Well, since you offered, please make a potion that can reduce the anxieties of the user while also improving their attention to detail.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Reduce anxiety while also improving the user's attention to detail? That almost sounds a little contradictory to me.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 lisa 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I must admit to being curious. If my cuties do manage to make this potion for you, Diluc, how exactly do you intend to use it?
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 16.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Well, I mentioned before that people with ample free time are an important consumer base for my industry. But, actually, the same is true for people who are incredibly busy and overwhelmed with work.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 17.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' After a period of high stress, like a busy work day, it can take a while for people to fully decompress. It's also common for that type of stress to leave people so exhausted that all they can do is spend the rest of the day in a daze.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 18.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' That level of stress and exhaustion makes it hard for people to derive pleasure from things they usually enjoy... like relishing the flavor of their favorite food and drink.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* You can say that again...
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's definitely been there before. Sometimes, after a really long day, Paimon'll be so tired, but she just can't relax. Not even her favorite snacks would hit the spot like they usually do...
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 lisa 08.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' My poor little cuties. Sounds like things can get quite tough out on the road... You know what, you just earned yourself some extra snacks at our upcoming tea party. Once this is all over, I'll personally see to it that you get the chance for a proper rest.
:;(Lisa leaves)
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, basically, you need us to make a potion that decreases tension, but increases attention, so that people can still enjoy the finer things in life no matter how busy or stressed they are... Did Paimon get that right?
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 19.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Exactly. Wine is meant to be savored. Drinking it without being able to appreciate its subtle notes and characteristics is a loss not just for the winemaker, but for the consumer as well.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 diluc 20.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If we can increase the alertness of those too exhausted to perceive the subtle notes, but decrease the restlessness of those too agitated to raise their glass, then we can be sure to reach a point of balance where all can enjoy their wine to the fullest extent.
:{{DIcon}} Excellently put, Master Diluc!
:{{DIcon}} I see the vision now!
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Well, um, it's definitely a unique request. Seems like this would be a tricky challenge for any potion-maker.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should get to thinking, then. First things first, let's figure out what ingredients to use!

;(Talk to Diluc)
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 3 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' How's the potion coming? Have you finished?
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Order}} Hand over the potion...
:{{DIcon}} We just need a little longer...
::{{A|vo jyeq007b 3 diluc 02b 1.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Not to worry. I know you're a trustworthy partner. With such individuals, I can be patient for as long as you need.

;(If the cycle limit passes)
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, Paimon really doesn't know where to start...
:{{DIcon}} So many effects to keep track of.
:{{DIcon}} It's so hard to find the right combination!
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 5 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Don't worry about it. I know I'm asking quite a lot from you two. You must be busy with your other orders as well. When you've got that much on your plate, it's easy to slip up here and there.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 5 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Just take it one step at a time, and you're sure to figure it out. I believe in you.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 5 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Take as much time as you need, okay? I'm going to head back to the Winery for now.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, sure was nice of Diluc to encourage us like that... Let's work extra hard so we won't let him down!

;(When Diluc returns)
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 2 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hello, {{Traveler}}, Paimon.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 2 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Have you made any progress with the potion I requested?
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, the potion! You remember the details of the order, right {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've been working super hard on our potion-making skills recently, so we'll get right on it!

;(After submitting the potion)
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're finished with the potion, Master Diluc! Please give it a try!
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 4 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Oh? I thought you might need more time, but it looks like you've already found the solution. Nice job.
:{{Black Screen|You hand over the potion to Diluc. After looking it over, he takes a small dose to test out the potion's effects...}}
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 4 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Wow, the effect is even more apparent than I imagined. Your many talents just keep on surprising me.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 4 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' On behalf of Dawn Winery, I would like to make a bulk purchase order for this potion. Oh, and don't worry about the delivery side of things. Elzer will send someone to pick up the potions once they're ready.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 4 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' My plan is to enlist the help of artisans to infuse candles and fragrances with the effects of this potion. Those products will serve as complementary gifts for customers to enjoy during wine tasting.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 4 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' So you plan to make alchemical potions part of the wine-drinking experience itself... Interesting. And very much in keeping with the Dawn Winery's way of doing business.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like our new product's a hit!
:{{DIcon}} We just secured a huge order from Dawn Winery!
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If our potion was enough to impress Master Diluc, Paimon's sure regular customers are gonna be even more amazed!
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 4 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Well, there's still work to be done, so I should probably head out. It'll take some time before we know exactly what the commercial impact of this combination will be.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 4 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' In any case, it's been a pleasure working with you. Here's hoping our two businesses will have a long and successful partnership. I hope those orders will keep on rolling in... for both our sakes.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 4 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Oh, and if you have some time, you should stop by Angel's Share to see your masterpiece in action.
:{{A|vo jyeq007b 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' For sure! Paimon can't wait! Well, see you next time, Master Diluc!
::'''Diluc's Thank-you Gift'''
::'''Diluc:''' To help those who are exhausted to concentrate, and to help those wracked with nerves to relax... Your potions have extremely considerable potential indeed.
::'''Rewards:'''
::{{Card|Funds|65,000}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===Gorou===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Start cycle 24)
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Oho, so you're the ones behind the potion shop I've heard so much about! When it comes to fulfilling requests, I heard the customer's wish is practically your command.
:{{Introductory Note|Gorou}}
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Gorou? Where did you come from?
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, and Kirara's here too! What are you guys doing in Mondstadt?
:{{DIcon}} Didn't expect to see you here!
:{{DIcon}} What a pleasant surprise!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 kirara 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Hehe, the Komaniya Express operates all across Teyvat, so I'm always on the road.
:{{Introductory Note|Kirara}}
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 kirara 02.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' I'm actually pretty familiar with Mondstadt from my trips here in the past. General Gorou, on the other hand... seems to still be getting the lay of the land... He got lost not too far from here...
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' *ahem* Well, I would normally be provided with ample intel before carrying out an operation in a foreign territory... But, Watatsumi Island isn't exactly home to many people who've been to Mondstadt. I wasn't even able to obtain a map of the region.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I've basically had to perform initial reconnaissance in the middle of a formal operation &mdash; not exactly ideal conditions for an error-free mission!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 kirara 03.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Affirmative, General! Next time, I'll procure the most detailed map available and make sure you have it at your disposal from mission outset! Over and out!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' You can drop the formalities, Kirara. I don't expect you to report back to me like I'm your commanding officer. We hired you as a consultant. It wouldn't be fair to treat you like one of my soldiers.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 kirara 04.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Hey now, it's not like this is some one-sided partnership. We agreed, right? In exchange for my services, you'll help promote our business to the people of Watatsumi Island. Your good word will be integral in helping the Komaniya Express become people's first choice for all their delivery needs!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 kirara 05.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Our future business is counting on you!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Back to Paimon's question, though. You still haven't told us what you're doing in Mondstadt. You mentioned something about a mission?
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Ah yes... It's a funny story actually.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Recently, Watatsumi Island has been looking for ways to increase transportation efficiency. Basically, this means improving the operations of our cargo ships. So, we decided to send teams across Teyvat to learn about the most advanced techniques different nations have to offer.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' We had just wrapped up our trip to Liyue when we heard word of your mysterious potion shop. So, we decided to postpone our return journey for a bit and come check it out.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Turns out it was the right choice!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon's gotta say, you've practically hit the jackpot by coming here! We've got stuff you can't find anywhere else!
:{{DIcon}} We'll make you something super special!
:{{DIcon}} We'll make sure you leave with something fun and useful!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh? More customers from abroad? Hehe, my cuties sure are popular. You really do have friends all over Teyvat...
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hm, looking at your two friends here... I can't help but be reminded of my dear little wolf cub... You know what? I should introduce you some time. For some reason, I have a feeling the three of you would really hit it off...
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' In fact, once you've wrapped up your potion purchasing, why don't you both join me and my cuties for afternoon tea? I'll even bring my student along.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 kirara 06.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Afternoon tea? Sounds great! I could really use some refreshments. Long days of deliveries always leave me parched. Thanks for the invitation!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Uh, something tells me you're not going to take no for an answer, hehe... Wait, why does this feel so familiar...
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Uh, anyway... {{Traveler}}, care to make some introductions?
:{{DIcon}} This is the guardian mage of tomes and spells!
:{{DIcon}} She also makes a mean cup of tea!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' G&mdash;Guardian mage? Wow, what an impressive title... Is it a position similar to that of a Guuji?
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Or, wait... Could it be that I'm in the presence of someone as high-ranking as Her Excellency, like Lady Sangonomiya herself!?
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Honestly, {{Traveler}}... You're gonna give the guy a heart attack.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't be nervous, Gorou. That's just, uh... a nickname! Her real name is Lisa. She's works as a librarian here in Mondstadt. And, she's also the person in charge of our shop!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lisa, this is Gorou. He's a suuuper powerful general from Watatsumi Island. And this is Kirara. She's a suuuper punctual delivery woman with the Komaniya Express.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Kirara... Hmm, the name sounds familiar. Ah, the collection of books from Inazuma that I have in the library... You were the one who delivered them, yes? What a helpful little gem, you are!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 kirara 07.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Hehe, I'm glad our paths have crossed again, Miss Lisa. I hope you'll consider me for future delivery jobs as well!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' As for my cuties' other acquaintance... I believe I've read a few articles about you, General Gorou. I seem to recall more than a few references to your empathetic nature and skillful approach to leading your troops.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Let me guess... Your troops are also the focus of your potion inquiry here today?
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 13.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Exactly!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 14.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Commercial activity between Watatsumi Island and other regions has been on the rise recently. The workload has increased so much, both the soldiers who work on our shipping convoys and the sailors who work on the merchant vessels are struggling to keep up.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 15.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' What would really come in handy would be a potion that could help them handle their intense workload. Like one that could enhance their energy and physical strength.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 kirara 08.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Okay, I could definitely use a potion like that as well!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 kirara 09.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' When I'm out on a long delivery, you wouldn't believe how tired my legs would get from trekking across all that rugged terrain &mdash; not to mention the damage it does to my paws.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 lisa 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' My cuties should be more than familiar with that kind of potion by now. I'm sure they'll have it done in no time.
:{{DIcon}} Should be doable.
:{{DIcon}} We've got this!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, leave it to us!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 lisa 08.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Well, while you two hop to it, I'm going to find an idle knight to deliver a letter to my little wolf cub, and ask him to treat us to the pleasure of his company.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 lisa 09.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Once my cuties are done brewing a potion that satisfies your needs, we'll all celebrate over afternoon tea!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 kirara 10.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Hehe, afternoon tea on the banks of Cider Lake... Wonder what that'll be like? I can't wait to find out!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 1 gorou 16.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Phew, I'm just glad I've finally found a way to help my troops...

;(Talk to Gorou or Kirara)
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 3 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' ...I thought I've told you before, that if you want to pass through the forest undetected, you're gonna want to wet your tails. Wet fur doesn't get snagged on branches and twigs as easily as dry fur. You'll be able to slip on by, and your enemies will be none the wiser...
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 3 kirara 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Nuh-uh, that's not gonna happen. I can't stand my tails wet. I'd be better off... tying them in a knot or something &mdash; or better yet, improving my fighting skills so that I don't have to sneak by them in the first place...
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 3 kirara 02.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Oh, you're here! How's the potion coming?
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Order}} Hand over the potion...
:{{DIcon}} It's still in development.
::{{A|vo jyeq009b 3 gorou 02b 1.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Well, I'm rooting for you! I've seen how capable you are. No way a few alchemical roadblocks can stand in your way!

;(If the cycle limit passes)
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 5 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Wow, potion-making is really complicated. I guess it's quite a time-consuming process, even for two people as capable as {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 5 kirara 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Yeah, watching them run around in circles like this is making me dizzy...
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like we've still got some details to work out. Sorry to keep you waiting...
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 5 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' No worries! Take as long as you need! In any case, I was hoping I'd get the chance to walk around a bit more and familiarize myself with the terrain. It'll give me a chance to buy some souvenirs and books as well.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 5 kirara 02.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' I guess I'll take some time for myself too... Hmm, where should I go... Ooh, I know! The Cat's Tail!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 5 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' See you in a bit, {{Traveler}} and Paimon. Be sure to pace yourselves, alright? Don't go working too hard on our account!

;(When Gorou and Kirara return)
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 2 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon! We're back!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 2 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I just finished buying some souvenirs around the city. I believe you took a trip to The Cat's Tail, right Kirara? I saw you leaving, at least.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 2 kirara 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Yep. I stopped by to visit my sweet little Diona, but she was nowhere to be found. Such a shame... Well, at least I still got a refreshing drink out of it. Maybe I'll have better luck next time.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 2 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Still remember our request, you two?
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course! You're after a potion that could increase a person's energy and enhances their physical strength &mdash; a very practical request if Paimon does say so herself.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Our potion-making skills are getting better by the second. We'll have it brewed and ready in no time!

;(After submitting the potion)
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gorou, Kirara, your potion is now ready! Why don't you give it a try?
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Wonderful! You two sure work fast!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Wow! My right shoulder was acting up from using my bow so much... But a few drops of your potion, and the pain is completely gone...
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 kirara 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Th&mdash;The pain from walking on all that rough terrain... it's like it was never there! I thought you dealt in potions, not magic elixirs!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 kirara 02.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' With this in my arsenal, I bet I could deliver two hundred orders in a single day!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, looks like we've got another hit on our hands! Guess we can add the people of Watatsumi Island and the workers at the Komaniya Express to our list of happy customers!
:{{DIcon}} Another perfect result!
:{{DIcon}} Well done me.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, now that our work is out of the way, there's nothing standing between us and that afternoon tea we were promised...
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, perfect! Lisa's here.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I'm sorry to report my little wolf cub appears to be busy. I sent someone to fetch him in Wolvendom, but he wasn't there... It's such a shame he's going to miss the opportunity to meet some fellow furry-eared companions.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' But, I'm sure you'll have the chance to meet in the future. In fact, the next time I see him, I'll be sure to tell him about the two of you. It'll give him something to look forward to.
:{{Black Screen|Lisa sets out a tableful of exquisite snacks and delectable tea. With good company by your side, the gathering turns out to be a very pleasant affair...}}
:{{Black Screen|While Kirara appears to enjoy her meal immensely, Gorou seems a bit nervous. His mannerisms bear a striking resemblance to how he acts around a certain Lady Guuji...}}
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Wow, you've placed quite the sizeable order. Thank you for your patronage, my Inazuman friends.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' If feedback on the potion is favorable, I hope you'll consider reupping your supply when the time comes. If making the journey proves too troublesome, we can always ship them to you.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 kirara 03.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Of course! I have a feeling this super powerful alchemical craft of yours could be a game changer for the entire delivery industry!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Absolutely. I'll be sure to collect detailed feedback from my troops... Anyway, we should head out. Until next time, {{Traveler}} and Paimon. Oh, and it was a pleasure meeting you, Miss Guardian Mage.
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bye Gorou! Bye Kirara!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' The next time I'm in Mondstadt, I should make it an official visit. A formal meeting between Her Excellency and the Honorable Guardian Mage is sure to be a momentous occasion!
:{{A|vo jyeq009b 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, seems like that made-up title really had an impression on him. It's given him all sorts of funny ideas...
::'''Gorou's Thank-you Gift'''
::'''Gorou:''' Thank you so much! The assistance you rendered to both Watatsumi Island and the Komaniya Express was incredibly important!
::'''Rewards:'''
::{{Card|Funds|180,000}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Alchemy Exams==
If an exam is failed or ignored, then Sucrose will be present every other cycle. If there are also special customers with unfulfilled requests or a new special customer has arrived, then one will appear instead of Sucrose if she was the last person to appear, even if she would arrive with a new test. As a result, Sucrose may be up to 4 cycles "late" with a new Alchemy Exam.
===Beginner - Nigredo Realm===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Reach Alchemy Level 7 and start a new cycle){{Verify|Level and other possible requirements unverified}}<!-- do not remove unless you can actually verify this -->
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Greetings, {{Traveler}}, Paimon, and Lisa!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sucrose! It's been a while since the last time we saw you!
:{{Introductory Note|Sucrose}}
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' On the way here, I overheard quite a few people talking about alchemical potions.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' At first, I was worried something might have gone wrong with the herbs, but judging by the way people were talking, it seems like they were pretty pleased with the results!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe, Sucrose, your bio-alchemical expertise was exactly what we needed for potion making.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! We've been able to make potions with all sorts of different effects!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' You mastered potion-making in such a short amount of time? I guess that's expected for someone of your talent, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 lisa 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo jyeq005b 1 lisa 02b.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' I wouldn't be surprised if {{MC|m=he|f=she}} became a potion master one day.
:{{DIcon}} I've still got a long way to go...
:{{DIcon}} I'm just a beginner.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Still, if you managed to master potion-making in such a short amount of time, {{Traveler}}, we should be able to start teaching the public about it as well.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Wait, was that also a part of Jean's plan?
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Yep. It's something she and Mr. Albedo talked about... As I understand it, the goal was not just to create and sell potions, but also to teach the principles and practices of alchemy to the people.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 07.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Thanks to your shop, the public's understanding of alchemical potions has increased quite a bit. Perhaps, one day, they'll even be able to make simple potions themselves...
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hmm, without the proper training, though, those potions could be dangerous to use...
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 08.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' You're right... With Lisa there to mentor you, {{Traveler}}, we could rest assured that nothing would go wrong during the potion-making process. However, when it comes to the general public, we have to think of a way to ensure that any resulting potions would be safe to use.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 09.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' So, Mr. Albedo is planning to establish a set of criteria to evaluate various levels of potion-making ability. People will have to pass the exam that corresponds to their level of proficiency before being allowed to brew their own potions.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Let me guess... You would like us to also take part in this exam?
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 10.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Yes, although it would probably be more accurate to say that... we would like you to help us finalize the contents of the exam.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 11.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' In order to ensure a proper level of difficulty, we need to first collect the relevant data. That's where our mock exam comes in. If you could take it, {{Traveler}}, your results would serve as a very important reference for us.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 12.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' You will, of course, be compensated for your efforts!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe, what a great idea! I must admit, I'm very interested to see how much my cutie's alchemy skills have improved.
:{{DIcon}} I guess I could give it a go.
:{{DIcon}} Bring it on!
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 lisa 07b 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe, confidence is a good look on you, cutie!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 13.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Wonderful. Then let me explain a little bit about how the exam works. The exam has four levels: Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced, and Expert.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 14.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' To pass, all you need to do is brew a potion within the time limit that satisfies the main objective.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 15.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Satisfying additional objectives will earn you extra rewards.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, all this is starting to sound pretty official. Paimon's nervous all of a sudden.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 16.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Just do what you normally do and you should be fine. If you don't pass the first time around, you can always retake the exam, so no need to put too much pressure on yourselves.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, retakes are allowed! Phew, that's a relief!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 17.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Yep! Just let me know when you're ready.
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Exam}} Check the exam requirements...
:{{DIcon}} I still need a little more time...
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 1 sucrose 18b 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

;(Talk to Sucrose, if "I need a little more time" was chosen)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 3 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Whenever you're ready, we can go ahead and proceed with the Beginner exam.
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Exam}} Check the exam requirements...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet, I need a little more time.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 3 sucrose 02b 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.
:{{DIcon}} Officially submit.

;(If the exam was failed, or if the cycle ends without an exam submission)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 5 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Eh, you are still pretty new to this. A few mistakes here and there are to be expected...
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Paimon just got a bit flustered when she remembered she was taking an exam...
:{{DIcon}} Guess we didn't prepare well enough...
:{{DIcon}} We were so close...
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 5 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Don't get discouraged. I also made all sorts of mistakes when I first started doing experiments. You know what they say &mdash; Practice makes perfect! I'll come back later and you can try again.

;(Talk to Sucrose after she returns if the exam was failed)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 2 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Oh, it's you again, {{Traveler}}! We can proceed with the exam whenever you're ready.
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Exam}} Check the exam requirements...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet, I need a little more time.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 2 sucrose 02b 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

;(After passing the exam)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 4 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Hm, your movements are quite practiced, and your potion meets the requirements as well. Congratulations on passing the Beginner exam!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, that was a piece of cake!
:{{DIcon}} It had its challenging moments.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 4 sucrose 02a 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Even so, it was no match for your skills.
:{{DIcon}} That was nothing.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 4 sucrose 02b 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Wow... I really thought it would be more difficult for someone so new to potion-making.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 4 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Alright, I believe I've collected all the necessary feedback... Looks like we'll have to make some adjustments to the level of difficulty for the actual exam.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 4 sucrose 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'm going to head back to the lab now. See you later, {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Intermediate - Calx===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Reach Alchemy Level 10 and start a new cycle){{Verify|Level and other possible requirements unverified}}<!-- do not remove unless you can actually verify this -->
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 6 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, how's the potion-making been going lately?
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sucrose, you're back!
:{{DIcon}} It's been going great!
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 6 sucrose 02a 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I should have known. You really do have a talent for alchemy.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 6 sucrose 02a 2.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'm sure this exam will also be a walk in the park for you.
:{{DIcon}} We're still working out some kinks...
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 6 sucrose 02b 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Well, you just need to keep practicing! You'll get the hang of it in no time.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 6 sucrose 02b 2.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' As for the Intermediate exam, just think of it as a practice session, and you'll be fine.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 6 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Well, ready to begin?
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Exam}} Check the exam requirements...
:{{DIcon}} I still need a little more time...
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 6 sucrose 04b 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Alright! No rush! Take as much time as you need.

;(Talk to Sucrose, if "I need a little more time" was chosen)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 8 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' If you're ready, then let's go and proceed with the Intermediate exam.
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Exam}} Check the exam requirements...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet, I need a little more time.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 8 sucrose 02b 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Alright! No rush! Take as much time as you need.

;(If the exam was failed, or if the cycle ends without an exam submission)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 10 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' It's alright. You'll get there. You just need a bit more practice.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 10 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'll come back later, and you can try again.

;(Talk to Sucrose after she returns if the exam was failed)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 7 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Oh, it's you again, {{Traveler}}! We can proceed with the exam whenever you're ready.
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Exam}} Check the exam requirements...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet, I need a little more time.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 7 sucrose 02b 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

;(After passing the exam)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 9 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Let me see... Yep, looks like your potion meets the requirements. You've passed once again!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, we're getting pretty good at this!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 9 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'm so glad I asked for your help... Please, take this for your trouble.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Advanced - Rubedo Imminent===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Reach Alchemy Level 11 and start cycle 21 or later){{Verify|Level 13 verified, other requirements not verified}}<!-- do not remove unless you can actually verify this -->
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Hi, you two! It's been a while, hasn't it?
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you're back! Wait... That must mean there's a new exam!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Yep. It's time for the Advanced exam. This one will be harder than previous exams, but I'm sure you'll do just fine.
:{{DIcon}} I'm a little nervous.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'm sure you have nothing to worry about. I actually had Mr. Albedo take a look at your previous potions. He was a bit amazed that someone so new to potion-making could already produce such an impressive result.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 sucrose 04a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 sucrose 04b.ogg}}--> '''Sucrose:''' He even told me that, for someone of your talent, we could stand to set harder questions.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, the recognition feels nice and all... But, Paimon feels even more pressure now.
:{{DIcon}} I'll do my best.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we don't pass this time, it'll be super embarrassing!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 sucrose 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Don't worry too much about that. Lots of things in life require a couple of tries before you get it right.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 sucrose 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' When I first started working as Mr. Albedo's assistant, all sorts of unexpected things would go wrong during my experiments...
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 sucrose 07.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' For example, when I was studying the properties of Mist Flowers, I accidentally froze all the equipment in the lab. I basically turned them into ice sculptures. Our precision instruments were nearly ruined beyond repair.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 sucrose 08.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Another time, I let a reagent boil for a little bit too long, and all the precious ingredients inside got charred to pieces. The smell was so bad, several knights passing by thought the lab had caught on fire...
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 sucrose 09.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Back then, I would get really hard on myself whenever things went wrong, but eventually I realized that, in order to make new discoveries, you have to accept the risk of failure.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 sucrose 10.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' A fear of making mistakes will prevent you from truly going after what it is that you want.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're absolutely right! Hey, you're actually really good at motivating people!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 sucrose 11.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Hehe, it's just my experience talking &mdash; I've spent a lot of time doing research in the lab after all. Anyway, as long as you try, you'll learn something valuable from the experience.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 sucrose 12.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Alright, whenever you're ready, we can go ahead and proceed with the Advanced exam.
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Exam}} Check the exam requirements...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet, I need a little more time.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 11 sucrose 13b 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

;(Talk to Sucrose, if "I need a little more time" was chosen)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 13 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Alright, whenever you're ready, we can go ahead and proceed with the Advanced exam.
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Exam}} Check the exam requirements...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet, I need a little more time.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 13 sucrose 02b 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.
:{{DIcon}} Officially submit.

;(If the exam was failed, or if the cycle ends without an exam submission)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 15 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Uh, this one was designed to be a bit difficult...
:{{DIcon}} I couldn't even follow the steps!
:{{DIcon}} Alchemy is way too hard!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 15 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' You actually already have a lot of experience under your belt. I'm sure you just made a few silly mistakes. Maybe you exhausted yourself from working too hard recently.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 15 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' In any case, don't worry about it. We'll continue with the exam once you take a much needed break.

;(Talk to Sucrose after she returns if the exam was failed)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 12 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Oh, it's you again, {{Traveler}}! We can proceed with the exam whenever you're ready.
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Exam}} Check the exam requirements...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet, I need a little more time.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 12 sucrose 02b 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

;(After passing the exam)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Wow, you even breezed through the Advanced exam...
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Ever thought about helping out around the lab?
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Drop everything and pursue the path of an alchemy master... Huh, what do you say, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Not sure we're quite ready for that yet.
:{{DIcon}} But we can certainly help out.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' If we work together, I'm sure we could make something super amazing!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By "super amazing," do you mean you already have something in mind?
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 sucrose 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Well, in the past, my research was mainly focused on the study of plants. But this experience has shown me that potions can have all kinds of effects on people as well...
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 sucrose 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' So, I started thinking &mdash; what if potions could have an even greater effect on people? Like... what if they could be used to help people unlock their hidden potential?
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 sucrose 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' A memory-enhancing potion, for example, could help people memorize a whole library's worth of knowledge in a single breath.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 sucrose 07.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Alternatively, a strength-enhancing potion could make it so that Paimon could take down an Abyss Mage all on her own.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah, Paimon didn't know you could make potions like that! Sounds awesome!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 sucrose 08.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Well, it's certainly theoretically possible. Alchemy is, in itself, a way to explore the unknown. It's a discipline with endless potential. In fact, current research has barely scratched the surface of what's possible with alchemy.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 sucrose 09.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Theory, though, is always easier than practice. And with alchemy, there are simply too many things that you have to take into consideration. Just off the top of my head, there's the theory of sublimation, the potion's mechanism of action, and the innate metabolism of the person consuming the potion...
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Paimon didn't quite catch all that...
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 sucrose 10.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Ah, my bad... We can talk about the details some other time. If you're interested, just stop by the lab.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sweet! Watch out, world &mdash; with a cool potion from Sucrose, Paimon will be able to become the strongest guide in Teyvat in no time!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 14 sucrose 11.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Well, I'll be off, then. Only one more exam to go! I imagine you and I will both have some final preparations to make.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Expert - Citrinitas Simulated===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Reach Alchemy Level 13 and start a new cycle after completing ''[[A Job Well Done]]''){{Verify|Level 13 verified, other requirements not verified}}<!-- do not remove unless you can actually verify this -->
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sucrose, you're here! Oh, is it time for the Expert exam already?
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Our alchemy skills are improving so fast, Paimon can barely keep up!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 16 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Your progress has been very impressive. In fact, according to the way Mr. Albedo designed the exams, passing the Expert level would mean you're now qualified to mentor other people.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 16 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, we could start to teach other people?
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 16 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then Paimon's totally going to start a class! Hmm, let's see, how much should Paimon charge per student...
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 16 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, all Paimon knows right now is that, for homework, her students are gonna have to use alchemy to make all sorts of tasty treats, hehe. Paimon'll be sure to give them lots of feedback... on their alchemy skills, of course!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} Let's focus on the exam for now.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 16 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'm sure this one will go just as well as the others.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 16 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'm ready to begin whenever you are. I'll be rooting for you!
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Exam}} Check the exam requirements...
:{{DIcon}} I still need a little more time...
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 16 sucrose 04b 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Of course. This is the final exam. Take as much time to prepare as you need.

;(Talk to Sucrose, if "I need a little more time" was chosen)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 18 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Whenever you're ready, we can go ahead and proceed with the Expert exam.
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Exam}} Check the exam requirements...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet, I need a little more time.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 18 sucrose 02b 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Of course. This is the final exam. Take as much time to prepare as you need.
:{{DIcon}} Officially submit.

;(If the exam was failed, or if the cycle ends without an exam submission)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 20 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Noo, we didn't make it! This exam was way too hard.
:{{DIcon}} We were too slow...
:{{DIcon}} We went over the steps in the wrong order...
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 20 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' It's alright! This was the Expert exam, after all. It's really difficult to pass on your first try.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 20 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'll come back once you've had some more time to prepare. Keep at it! I know you'll succeed in the end!

;(Talk to Sucrose after she returns if the exam was failed)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 17 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Oh, it's you again, {{Traveler}}! We can proceed with the exam whenever you're ready.
:{{DIcon|Alchemy Exam}} Check the exam requirements...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet, I need a little more time.
::{{A|vo jyeq005b 17 sucrose 02b 1.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' No problem, I'll be waiting for you here.

;(After passing the exam)
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 19 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Alright, let me give your potion a try... Yep, the effect looks good. The quality of your potion is quite high as well. Your talent in this discipline is truly remarkable.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, we passed? Can we teach alchemy now?
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 19 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' What an amazing achievement, cuties. Congratulations.
:{{DIcon}} I guess we've learned a thing or two about potion-making.
:{{DIcon}} But we're still by no means experts when it comes to everything else.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 19 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Now is not the time to be humble.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 19 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' You mastered potion-making in such a short amount of time. That's an impressive achievement no matter how you look at it.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 19 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Exactly! I was also really surprised at how quickly you picked it up. I thought it would have taken way more time...
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 19 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Anyway, thank you so much for your help. Your participation has allowed me to collect some very valuable data. With everything we've learned, we should be able to offer the official exams soon.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 19 sucrose 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' This is sure to be a critical moment in the development of the alchemical potions industry.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 19 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon feels like she just took part in something super important!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 19 sucrose 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Of course! You two are practically pioneers! What you've been able to contribute to the field of alchemy is as impressive as a biologist discovering a new species!
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 19 sucrose 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Anyway... I should probably head back and go over the data I've collected.
:{{A|vo jyeq005b 19 sucrose 07.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, thanks again for your participation. If you have some free time, please stop by the lab!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Sales Expansion Contract==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Purchase [[Sales Expansion Contract]] from [[Freda]])
:'''Deyou:''' Greetings. I'm Deyou, a merchant from Liyue.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, are you here to purchase potions, too?
:'''Deyou:''' That's right. Your store's doing pretty well, so I'm sure my sales will be good this time... Yeah, very sure...
:'''Paimon:''' You don't sound very confident...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey now, our potions are selling super well &mdash; orders just keep pouring in, we can barely cope!
:'''Deyou:''' My apologies. I'm not doubting your sales figures...
:'''Deyou:''' It's my business that hasn't been going too well. Every time I buy popular products, they just don't sell before prices go down all around &mdash; I post losses nine out of ten times.
:'''Deyou:''' I always convince myself it's just bad luck, but if I have nothing but bad luck, does that mean that I'm just... not cut out for this...?
:'''Deyou:''' If I don't make any money this time, I'll pack up, head home, and just work for my father.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe you're just choosing the wrong products?
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps the issue is with your sales strategy.
:'''Deyou:''' Is that so...? I suppose there's still much for me to learn.
:'''Deyou:''' Right. You're right. I can't stay down like this. I'll make money this time &mdash; and I'll impress my father, make him see what I'm made of...
:'''Deyou:''' Okay! Down to business. Let's talk terms.
:{{DIcon}} Check potion requirements...
::'''Deyou:''' These are the types of potion I plan to purchase this time.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe later...
::'''Deyou:''' Don't worry. Caution is the better part of valor &mdash; and business.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Open-World Interactables==
===Signboards===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with any of the four event signboards within the event area by Cider Lake)
:'''Read:''' A Knights of Favonius-approved, professional alchemist-certified, practical and reliable potion sale is here and near you!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with any of the three event signboards within Mondstadt City after Part I)
:'''Read:''' A Knights of Favonius-approved, professional alchemist-certified, practical and reliable potions sale is here and near you!
:'''Read:''' Tired from work? Suffering from mental fatigue? Plagued by all manner of anxieties, or feeling unwell?
:'''Read:''' Take your problems to the alchemy shop southeast of Cider Lake!
:'''Read:''' Tell us your troubles and we'll serve you spot-on solutions on the spot, 100% guaranteed to revitalize your life!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Character Appearances==
===Playable Characters===
The following [[playable characters]] appear in this event in Event Quests, or in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Part I !! Part II !! Part III !! Epilogue !! Open World !! Notes
|-
|[[Lisa]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || Throughout the entire event
|-
|[[Jean]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || After completing [[A Job Well Done]]
|-
|[[Sucrose]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || During all four alchemy exams
|-
|[[Beidou]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || During Beidou's potion request
|-
|[[Eula]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || During Beidou's potion request
|-
|[[Diona]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || During Diona's potion request
|-
|[[Venti]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || During Diona's potion request
|-
|[[Diluc]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || During Diluc's potion request
|-
|[[Gorou]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || During Gorou's potion request
|-
|[[Kirara]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || During Gorou's potion request
|}

The following playable characters write to the traveler for Business Correspondence, but do not physically make an appearance.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name
|-
|[[Kaeya]]
|-
|[[Candace]]
|-
|[[Lyney]]
|-
|[[Xingqiu]]
|}

===Event Exclusive Non-Playable Characters===
The following non-playable characters only appear during this event in Event Quests or in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Quests !! Open World !! Notes
|-
|[[Freda]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || Throughout the entire event, and also during Part I and II
|-
|[[Atefeh]] || {{check|yes|International Markets (Quest)}} || {{check|yes}} || Regularly appears as distributor after Part III
|-
|[[Deyou]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || Regularly appears as distributor after engaging him using [[Sales Expansion Contract]]
|}

===Regular Non-Playable Characters===
The following regular (not event-exclusive) non-playable characters write to the traveler for Business Correspondence, but do not physically make an appearance.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name
|-
|[[Sara]]
|-
|[[Blanche (Mondstadt)|Blanche]]
|}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

[[ru: /]]