{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70707: 70708
|image         = NPC Alfred Thumb.png
|type          = Request
|region        = Mondstadt
|description   = [[Alfred]] from [[Mondstadt]] needs three [[Cecilia]]s.
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt (City)|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Alfred; Traveler
|rep           = Mondstadt
|mora          = 20,000
}}
'''Alfred's Boquet''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]]. It shows up on the Requests board as '''Request from [[Alfred]]'''.

==Steps==
# Give Alfred three [[Cecilia]]s/[[Windwheel Aster]]s

==Request Details==
===Cecilias===
Help Needed:<br />
I'd like to make a bouquet of Cecilias for my daughter.<br />
Unfortunately, they're currently out of stock in the city, and I couldn't find any out in the wild, either...<br />
If anyone's willing, please gather {{Color|buzzword|three Cecilias}} for me. Thank you so much!

===Windwheel Asters===
Help Needed:<br />
My daughter always loved Windwheel Asters &mdash; she thought they were very interesting flowers.<br />
I'd like to put a bouquet of them together for her.<br />
If there's anyone who's willing to help, please gather {{Color|buzzword|three Windwheel Asters}} for me. Thank you very much.

==Dialogue==
===Cecilias===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Alfred)
:'''(Traveler):''' Heard you need Cecilias...
:'''Alfred:''' You saw my commission, I presume? Thank you for coming all this way...
:'''Alfred:''' So, have you already gathered those three Cecilias?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here they are.
:;(After submitting the flowers)
::'''Alfred:''' I'm sure my daughter will love these Cecilias.
::'''Alfred:''' Thank you very much. Here's a little something for your trouble.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Alfred:''' Well, please pass them to me once you've gathered them &mdash; do hurry, or they might wilt.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Windwheel Asters===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Alfred)
:'''(Traveler):''' I believe you needed some Windwheel Asters...
:'''Alfred:''' Ah, you must have seen my commission, then. Thanks for coming all this way.
:'''Alfred:''' So, do you have three Windwheel Asters ready?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here they are.
:;(After submitting the flowers)
::'''Alfred:''' I'm sure my daughter will love them.
::'''Alfred:''' Thank you very much. Here's a little something for your trouble.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Alfred:''' Well, please pass them to me once you've gathered them &mdash; do hurry, or they might wilt.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Alfred's Bouquet
|zhs     = 阿尔弗雷德的花束
|zhs_rm  = Ā'ěrfúléidé de Huāshù
|zht     = 阿爾弗雷德的花束
|zht_rm  = Ā'ěrfúléidé de Huāshù
|zh_tl   = Alfred's Bouquet
|ja      = アルフレッドの花束
|ja_rm   = Arufureddo no Hanataba
|ja_tl   = Alfred's Bouquet
|ko      = 알프레드의 꽃다발
|ko_rm   = Alpeuredeu-ui Kkotdabal
|ko_tl   = Alfred's Bouquet
|es      = Las flores de Alfred
|es_tl   = Alfred's Flowers
|fr      = Le bouquet d'Alfred
|fr_tl   = Alfred's Bouquet
|ru      = Букет Альфреда
|ru_tl   = Alfred's Bouquet
|th      = ช่อดอกไม้ของ Alfred
|th_rm   = Cho Dokmai khong Alfred
|th_tl   = Alfred's Bouquet
|vi      = Bó hoa của Alfred
|vi_tl   = Alfred's Bouquet
|de      = Alfreds Blumenstrauß
|de_tl   = Alfred's Bouquet
|id      = Buket Alfred
|id_tl   = Alfred's Bouquet
|pt      = Buquê de Alfred
|pt_tl   = Alfred's Bouquet
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[pt-br:Buquê de Alfred]]