{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Alhaitham
|id             = 368163
|image          = Character Alhaitham Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Alhaitham''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Deciphering runes...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Coffee...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Time to head home...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Archaelogy reports...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} New books...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Hello...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} The silence...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hello.
:{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's nice and quiet here. Thank you for inviting me.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's alright.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I see that you opted for a diverse range of decorative styles.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Doesn't entirely suit my preferences, but that's fine with me.
::{{DIcon}} Do you have any suggestions?
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's hard to say.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I value practicality. Aesthetics aren't generally something I put into consideration.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But that's just my personal inclination. It may not work for you.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' After all, I'm not familiar with every single detail of your life.
::{{DIcon}} True.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The top priority when furnishing a space is the owner's satisfaction.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Everything else is secondary.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to chat?
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Sure, if you're mentally prepared.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But before you say anything &mdash; I'm not very interested in small talk. If you need something, just get to the point.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' As for whether I'll help, it'll depend on the situation.
::{{DIcon}} Is that mentality because of work?
:::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship2 04a 1.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You could say it's the product of life experience.
:::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship2 04a 2.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' If you want to live at a more leisurely pace, you can try copying a page or two from my book.
::{{DIcon}} Is that something you learned through interacting with others?
:::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship2 04b 1.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Is it? I don't think I'd gain experience this valuable from standard social interactions.
:::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship2 04b 2.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But now, you've learned something by interacting with me. Congratulations.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I already do what I want every day, so I can't think of a substantial answer to that question right away.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'm content with things as they are now.
::{{DIcon}} You don't seem very busy most of the time.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Oh? Do I give you that kind of impression?
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Very well then. I don't like having my hands full &mdash; it interferes with my thinking process.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But that reminds me... I need to make myself look like I'm always occupied, so I can avoid things I don't want to do and people I don't want to interact with.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You, on the other hand, have a vast social circle, so you must run into difficult people quite often.
::{{DIcon}} Is there a solution to that?
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I suggest that you ask them a few questions that they'll never find exact answers to.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Once you divert their attention and energy into other matters, they should leave you alone rather quickly.
::{{DIcon}} Thank you. That was very helpful.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Don't mention it.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' To some extent, I want everyone to lead the lives they want to live.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That way, people will cause fewer headaches for each other.
::{{DIcon}} That's a pretty unique way of thinking.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I figure most people would think similarly.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Wouldn't it be great to live in a world without annoyances?
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Alhaitham.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Good morning. It looks like you already have everything planned out for today.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Having things to do means you're being productive, while an empty schedule indicates a more leisurely day.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo morning 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Both are fine choices. I wish you all the best.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Alhaitham.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Good night.
::{{A|vo alhaitham mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's fine if you can't fall asleep. Tomorrow will come regardless.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Fervid Aroma===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm alhaitham kabobrestaurant 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Grilling meat looks easy, but it's actually difficult to do well.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm alhaitham kabobrestaurant 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Everything we need is here. You should give it a shot.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm alhaitham kabobrestaurant 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Who knows, maybe you'll become one of Teyvat's best pitmasters.{{Dialogue end}}

===Of Settled Thoughts===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm alhaitham library 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Books are meant to be read, but in many households, they often serve another purpose.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm alhaitham library 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Decoration.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm alhaitham library 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' What some lack is not intellect, but patience.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Аль-Хайтам/Компаньон]]