{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 5015
|image         = Archon Quest All Names are Noble.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = V
|act           = Beyond the Smoke and Mirrors
|actNum        = III
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Citlali; Kachina; Katheryne (Natlan); Kinich; Paimon; Piltzin; Traveler; Xilonen
|startLocation = 
|region        = Natlan
|area          = 
|subarea       = 
|poi           = 
|prev          = Past and Future
|next          = To Whence the Smoke Drifts
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*600;Mora*26,025;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*5
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=All Names are Noble|chapter=5|act=3|part=1}}

==Steps==
# Wait until two days later
# Go to the [[Adventurers' Guild]]
# Go to the [[Children of Echoes]]
# Talk to [[Xilonen]]
# Go and meet up with [[Kinich]] at the agreed location
# Wait until the morning of the day after tomorrow
#* The required time is 7:00&ndash;11:00.
# Talk to Xilonen
# Go to the agreed location and wait for [[Citlali]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Your adventures in Natlan continue. After some time has passed...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Pass time)
:{{A|vo ntaq101 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Things have been looking really rough for [[Natlan]] lately! There are more and more commissions from the Adventurers' Guild, and they're all related to the [[Abyss]].
:{{A|vo ntaq101 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just waiting around won't do us any good. Let's go and see if there's anything we can do to help!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Your adventures in Natlan continue. After a brief spell, news comes to you from the Guild. At the same time...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach [[Katheryne]] in Natlan)
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I see, thank you so much. The Adventurers' Guild has been overwhelmed these days...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 piltzin 01.ogg}} '''Piltzin:''' No worries at all. We've always valued the strength of adventurers. Given the current situation, it's vital that we all work together.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 piltzin 02.ogg}} '''Piltzin:''' Since we're facing the same enemies, I'll send you the intel we've collected on the Abyss so far. Then we can take a look at how to coordinate our efforts.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Alright, thank you so much.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi Katheryne, it's us! Got any new commissions?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Ah, you two have come just on time. I've got some good news &mdash; the [[Mavuika|Pyro Archon]] has finished assembling her forces and stationed them all across Natlan.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Given how the Abyss has ramped up its activities lately, we can no longer afford to act only after receiving news of an invasion.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' So, the Pyro Archon suggested that the [[Scions of the Canopy]] and the Adventurers' Guild focus on collecting and disseminating intel. That way, we can stay informed of everything that's happening across the land.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Once we receive word of enemy activity, we can notify the nearest camp and the stationed forces can take immediate action.
:{{DIcon}} That'll lead to a faster response time.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 katheryne 07.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Yes, precisely. This should also allow us to focus on gathering information, rather than running around and trying to tackle everything at once.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 katheryne 08.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' So please also take a chance to relax, you two. You've been working hard these days and this will be a good opportunity for some well-deserved rest.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's the plan! Phew, we can finally stop and take a break.
:{{DIcon}} But the threat of the Abyss is still far from over.
::{{A|vo ntaq101 2 paimon 03a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon knows that! It's not like Paimon just wanted to lay here and do nothing.
:{{DIcon}} But the less work we take, the less we'll earn...
::{{A|vo ntaq101 2 paimon 03b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Keeping Natlan safe and sound is our priority now, the Mora can wait!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 katheryne 09.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hehe, the movements of the Abyss are always unpredictable. There have also been times when it suddenly became more active in the past. The people here generally see it as something like an acute natural disaster.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 katheryne 10.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Once the disaster is over, everyone will return to their normal lives. We just all hope that day will be sooner rather than later.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right, most people have no idea just how bad the situation has gotten in the [[Night Kingdom]]...
:{{DIcon}} I also hope the day of peace will come soon.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Eh? Is that {{Traveler}} and Paimon? Hello hello!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh hey, [[Kachina]]! Are you feeling better now?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hehe, yep! Now really isn't the time to stay at home and recover, anyway. I wanted to do something to help.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I heard that the Pyro Archon is gathering warriors to be stationed in the more remote areas, so I came here to sign up!
:{{DIcon}} Impressive, Kachina!
::{{A|vo ntaq101 2 kachina 04a 1.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hehe, don't think I haven't heard about all the things that you've been doing! With everyone working so hard, I've got to do my part too.
:{{DIcon}} Don't push yourself too hard.
::{{A|vo ntaq101 2 kachina 04b 1.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Mhm! I'll do my best and also make sure to stay out of your way. The last thing I want is to add to your work!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, by the way, Xilonen told me she was ordered to forge you an [[Ancient Name]]!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' She said that she's all set and we can head over whenever we're ready.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so we'll finally get to meet Xilonen! The legendary forger of Ancient Names... Paimon still can't believe anyone could forge those things!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hehe, Xilonen is a true master! Not only can she forge Ancient Names, but also all sorts of new and fun things.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 kachina 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' She's always got a pile of commissions on her plate, so you usually have to wait a while before she finishes something. In this case, though, she's completely cleared her schedule just to work with you. She wants to give your name her full attention!
:{{DIcon}} Then we should properly thank her when we meet.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 kachina 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Well, I've already signed up as a warrior, so all I have to do for now is wait for my assignment... If it's okay, maybe we can go to see Xilonen together?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 kachina 10.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' She wouldn't turn me away, right? I mean, I hope she wouldn't...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, have some confidence in yourself, Kachina! After all, you're already a victor of the [[Night Warden Wars]]!
:{{DIcon}} Everyone's so proud of you.
:{{DIcon}} You're the future of your tribe.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 kachina 11.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Ahhhh...!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 2 kachina 12.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' On second thought, m&ndash;maybe I'll just find a hole in the ground to jump into and hide for a while!
----
;(Approach Xilonen)
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Xilonen, I've brought the person who needs an Ancient Name!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 kachina 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq101 3 kachina 02b.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' {{MC|m=He's|f=She's}} super amazing and I've already learned tons of stuff from {{MC|m=him|f=her}}! I can vouch that {{MC|m=he's|f=she's}} really worthy of a hero's name!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Ah yes, so I've heard. So young and yet you've already got quite the reputation...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' ...Wait. Are you... outlanders?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, we're travelers who just arrived in Natlan not too long ago.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' No, I mean... I was aware that you're travelers... It's just, no one told me that you're outlanders.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Huh? You're saying the Pyro Archon didn't tell you?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 04b.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' No. The only thing she said is that a new hero had pledged {{MC|m=himself|f=herself}} to the plan, but we'd need to forge an Ancient Name to ensure {{MC|m=he'd|f=she'd}} be able to return safe and sound
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' She did mention that it would be quite difficult to forge an Ancient Name for them, but at the time I thought she was just commenting on my skills...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' But I seem to understand where the true difficulty lies now, ahaha.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' A&mdash;Are you upset?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I wouldn't go that far. I'm used to it, really &mdash; I just need a moment to process things.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 08.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The Pyro Archon's requests are always difficult to fulfill and we used to argue a lot. Honestly, it's probably for the better that she didn't bring this up at the time.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 09.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Anyway, I can't argue with her if she isn't here. It'd be pointless to take my anger out on someone else.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 10.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' But just because I understand her rationale doesn't make me any less upset. After all, she must have known that forging an Ancient Name for an outlander is an impossible task!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's... impossible?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 11.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' As you probably know, an Ancient Name is a symbol of a hero's spirit and glory, which grows even richer and heavier as generations of successors inherit it.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 12.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' We forge Ancient Names by engraving the heroic deeds of an individual who will become the first hero of that particular Name.
:{{DIcon}} I've got plenty of deeds under my belt.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 kachina 05a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq101 3 kachina 05b.ogg}}--> '''Kachina:''' Y&mdash;Yeah, I saw countless feats recorded in their Adventure Handbook! It felt like they could do anything!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 13.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' But they were all performed outside of Natlan, correct?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's right...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 14.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Then those deeds haven't been recorded by the Night Kingdom. To take it one step further, even if you had performed heroic deeds in Natlan, as an outlander, your actions still wouldn't have been recorded by our lands.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 15.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Only memories and experiences that have been acknowledged by the Wayob can be used as the basis for an Ancient Name.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 16.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Even the greatest of craftsmen cannot create something out of thin air, you know. That's just how it is.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems the [[Wayob]] don't want just anyone to get a Name, huh...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 17.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Mavuika of all people should know better than anyone, yet she still entrusted the task of forging the Ancient Name to me.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it... Nobody's happy being asked to do the impossible.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Why do I feel like this has happened before... I think last time, Xilonen just ended up running dozens of laps around the hills nearby...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 18.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Don't remind me. Let's just focus on how we can pull this off... how to achieve the impossible.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, you mean you're already willing to accept the task!?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 19.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Well, what else can I do? What's happened is already done, and it's not like I can outright defy the order of my Archon.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 20.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' If she gave me this order, then she believes the Ancient Name is an indispensable part of her plan and that I'll be able to find a way to make it happen.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 21.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' In other words, the order is an affirmation of my abilities.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, not only has she accepted the task, but now she's looking for silver linings!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe that's just how much she and the Archon trust each other.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Y&mdash;Yeah, let's see if we can find some special way to pull this off! If we really can't make it work, uh, I'm sure we can still go back and talk to the Pyro Archon, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 22a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 22b.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The key is getting the Wayob to somehow acknowledge the Traveler's existence and record {{MC|m=his|f=her}} heroic deeds.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We heard the voice of a Wayob when we were in the Night Kingdom before. We even had a whole conversation with her!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we can talk to her again, maybe we can figure something out together.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 23.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Well, every tribe has their own Wayob. How do we know if the one you met is indeed the best one for us to talk to?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 24.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Plus, considering the unprecedented nature of the situation, I have a feeling that the acknowledgment of one Wayob alone would probably not be enough.
:{{DIcon}} Would we need to gain the acknowledgement of all six Wayob?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 25.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' *sigh* I don't know. That requires a level of knowledge that I do not possess.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 26.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' We need to find a consultant who's an expert on all things Night Kingdom and Wayob. The first person who comes to mind is Citlali at the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]], the one we call "Granny Itztli."
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh, we've heard of that name before! We used her Spiritspeaker Stone to find Kachina's Ancient Name!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A person who can make something like that must be pretty impressive. Paimon's sure she'd be able to help!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 27.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Still, she's older now, and quite eccentric. It's hard to even book a meeting with her, given that she's constantly holed up in her room and doesn't like to be disturbed.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 28.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I've heard that to get her help, you have to be extremely patient with her and know how to keep her spirit up.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, hate to break it to ya, but...
:{{DIcon}} She probably won't be very happy with us.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 29.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Huh? Why's that? Didn't she already help you before? And you even managed to save Kachina.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, yeah... at the cost of her Spiritspeaker Stone being... split into two.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 kachina 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 30.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 31.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Great going, Mavuika. We're already off to a rocky start here.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 32.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' In that case, I guess your only option is to try to emphasize that this is an important order from the Pyro Archon. Hopefully, Citlali would still want to show respect to the Archon.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 33.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I'll also write a letter on your behalf. If you can find someone to deliver it and mention some good things about you, then that should help too...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 kachina 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, let's ask Kinich to deliver the letter! He understands the whole situation and is already a familiar face to her.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon sure hopes [[Ajaw]] won't interrupt when he's talking though...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 34.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Alright. Kinich's a seasoned negotiator, I trust that he'll know the best things to say.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 kachina 10.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Great, then I'll go contact him right now!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 xilonen 35.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Please give me a moment to write the letter. We can meet up near the [[Statue of The Seven]] later.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 3 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds good! We'll take a stroll in the meantime.
{{Dialogue End}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|Xilonen joins you in your search for a way to complete the task entrusted to you by Mavuika. She believes that you should search for a woman named Citlali...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the [[Tequemecan Valley]] Statue of The Seven)
:{{Black Screen|Kinich makes his way over after some time.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' We meet again. Kachina told me everything &mdash; I'll deliver the message to the Masters of Night-Wind and convince Citlali to give you a chance.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I'll also take this chance to explain what happened to the Spiritspeaker Stone and offer her an apology in person.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Sorry to put this on you, Kinich. It's just that you're probably the only person who knows how to deal with her.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kinich 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' It's alright. We're all working for the sake of the Pyro Archon's plan, after all. Everyone here understands how dire the situation has become.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Oh, I see. So Kachina and the Traveler also know about the plan?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Mhm, because we all saw [[Tupac|a hero of the past]] re-materialize right before our eyes! And then [[Mualani]] said that a ton of knowledge and memories suddenly flooded her brain.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' The Pyro Archon explained everything when we came back from the Night Kingdom, including the reason behind the appearance of the hero, as well as the current state of the Night Kingdom.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right! She mentioned there are [[Heroes of Natlan|six heroes]], and that Xilonen is one of four that have already been acknowledged.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Hehe, then I suppose there's no need to keep any secrets between us. Having companions walk by your side is perhaps the best solace when facing such a bleak reality.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kinich 04.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I have another piece of intel to share. We've pretty much identified the person who rescued [[Capitano|The Captain]] in the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]].
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kinich 05.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' His name is [[Ororon]], and he also hails from the Masters of the Night-Wind. However, he's spent most of his life living out in the wilderness by himself, away from the rest of the tribe.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kinich 06.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' That's why his disappearance went unnoticed. By the time Citlali finally realized that he was gone, no one had heard from him for quite a while.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Citlali knows him, too?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kinich 07.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' That's right. Ororon was an orphan raised by the chief of the Masters of the Night-Wind and many other kindhearted people in his tribe. Still, he's had something of an odd reputation his whole life.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Odd, huh...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Given how the Masters of the Night-Wind love to babble about dreams and revelations, they're already a pretty strange bunch to most.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I've never met Ororon, but if even they consider him the odd one... he's gotta be pretty far out there.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kinich 08.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' That's right. So, in that sense, Ororon and Citlali actually have quite a bit in common, which is why they get along pretty well.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, makes sense! But Paimon wonders how Citlali could be the first one to notice Ororon's disappearance if she spends the whole day in her room.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kinich 09.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' As of now, we still haven't been able to confirm whether Ororon joined the [[Fatui]] voluntarily, or if he was coerced.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kinich 10.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Citlali is probably eager to prove that Ororon hasn't betrayed his people. I plan to use this as leverage when I go to talk with her.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 xilonen 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' If I'm following, you mean we'll help her investigate Ororon and The Captain's whereabouts?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kinich 11.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Yes. If you're all on board with the idea, then it becomes a mutually beneficial collaboration, rather than just a one-sided request.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kinich 12.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Even though I don't think Citlali is the kind of person to turn down an order from the Pyro Archon, working together with us will help her focus and not get distracted by the whole Ororon situation.
:{{DIcon}} Good idea.
:{{DIcon}} This way, we can get two birds with one stone.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah. Plus we kinda owe her one anyway to make up for breaking the Spiritspeaker Stone.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 xilonen 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' This is a pretty well-thought-out plan. As expected of "{{Rubi|Malipo|Turnfire}}" Kinich.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 xilonen 08.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Then I'll leave my letter to you. Let's hope Citlali can meet at the Stadium in two days.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kinich 13.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Sure, I'll head out right away.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Take care out there, Kinich!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I'll be heading back as well. There are still a few things I need to pack.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 4 xilonen 09.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Okay, then let's part ways for now. I'll see you in a couple of days.

;(Pass time)
:{{A|vo ntaq101 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's time to meet up with Xilonen! Let's ask her how things have been going.

;(Talk to Xilonen)
:{{A|vo ntaq101 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Xilonen! How's everything going?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 6 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Oh, hi {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 6 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I have bad news... Citlali did not reply to our request. Although, I suppose I'm not too surprised...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You mean she didn't even bother to give Kinich a response? Guess she really does have quite an ego, then...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 6 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' She can also be quite eccentric, though she's one of the most gifted people around. Even the Masters of the Night-Wind often struggle to work with her. My guess is that she probably has other reasons for not deigning us with a response.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 6 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' But let's go to the Stadium and see if we can meet her there. If we do get a chance to talk to her in person, we can still try to work something out.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's true. Let's go!
----
;(Approach the marked location at the Stadium of the Sacred Flame)
:{{Black Screen|You arrive at the Stadium of the Sacred Flame. As expected, Citlali is not there.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't see anybody... Seems she's just not gonna show up, huh?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' *sigh* Well, we tried to be as considerate as we could, but she's under no obligation to help.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That might be true, but this is still a request from the Pyro Archon, right? Shouldn't a subject always answer the call of their archon?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' A subject? Well... If you ask me, I'd say we're all more like friends with the archon.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Yes, Mavuika is our leader, but that doesn't mean there's any kind of tall barrier between us and her.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The only thing is that she often has... very high expectations of us.
:{{DIcon}} I can tell.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, so even though she's super powerful, it sounds like she's actually pretty down-to-earth and easy to get along with.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Unlike that old hag, "Granny Itztli," right? Does she think she can ignore us just because she's famous!?
:;(As Paimon mentions the "old hag," someone begins to approaches from afar)
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You all talk about her like she's some kind of huge deal, but she didn't even bother to reply to our letter! Seriously, even if she didn't want to come, she could at least let us know!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If that's what aging does to you, Paimon never wants to get old...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh, really? So that's how you see me?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? Who's there? Who's talking next to Paimon!?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh, don't mind me &mdash; I'm just a disgruntled old hag, right? Come on, relax. I'm sure my bark's worse than my bite.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Huh? Citlali...?
:{{DIcon}} Huh!?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you're Citlali? You're... "Granny" Itztli!?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Yes, Granny Itztli &mdash; but emphasis on "Itztli," not granny.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You must know this trope from light novels, surely? They use it all the time: the young man who's actually the oldest person in the room... the girl next door who turns out to be a seasoned veteran... The wise sage who looks like a little kid...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh, wipe that look off your face. You've seriously never seen an older lady that doesn't look her age? Okay, well, don't go thinking it's a trick, either. See? I'm barely wearing any makeup...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 xilonen 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Did I forget to mention? She's called "Granny," but uh... she's actually pretty young.
:{{DIcon}} And you were complaining about the Pyro Archon leaving things out...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 xilonen 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It was an honest mistake! I guess we've just gotten used to it...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, Paimon's sorry... So, how old are you, actually?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' How dare you! Don't you know it's rude to ask a lady her age?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Paimon really didn't mean to offend you, it's just that... Your case seems really... unique!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, Paimon just wanted to apologize, but now she's putting more and more of her foot in her mouth... Really, Paimon just got a little mad, since we thought, well... you were going to leave us out to dry...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 xilonen 08a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq101 7 xilonen 08b.ogg}}--> '''Xilonen:''' It was my idea to invite you here, Citlali. So if you're upset, you can just take it out on me.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Alright, I was only joking, I didn't mean to chastise anyone. There's really no need to take all this so seriously &mdash; if anything, I'm gonna feel awkward if we keep this going, hehe.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I received Kinich's letter and was planning to attend this meeting. Since I had already decided to come, I figured there was no need to draft a reply that simply said "understood." Besides, just showing up is the most important part, no?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But, of course...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's also natural for people to get held up by one thing or another as they're trying to leave the house! Haha, it certainly was a bit awkward to see that everyone else had arrived before me...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' At first, I was thinking of quietly sneaking over, but since you were already here waiting for me, I started thinking about how I should phrase my apology... Only to hear you all talking smack about me. Oh, my days...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Hmph. Anyway, that's the whole story. Uh, ahem... Honestly, it's not like I owed you an explanation, anyway!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Huh? What's with that expression...?)
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Was she feeling embarrassed just now!?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Is she waiting for us to carry on the conversation? Everything she's saying sounds like a joke, but I'm not sure if I should laugh... Would it be rude to laugh? Or even more rude not to laugh?)
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 xilonen 09.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' (When the Masters of the Night-Wind say they struggle dealing with her... I wonder if the feeling is mutual. She seems to be pretty awkward herself... Everything she does and says seems a bit forced.)
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ahem... Anyway, Xilonen, I heard that you require my help in crafting an Ancient Name?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 xilonen 10.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Correct. The situation isn't like anything we've handled before. Let me explain...
:{{Black Screen|Xilonen explains the Pyro Archon's request as well as the difficulties she's encountered.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I see... So Mavuika has asked you to forge an Ancient Name for an outlander. That certainly would be an unprecedented feat.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' And you've also heard all about Ororon. I must say, he's always been a good kid. I can't see him joining the Fatui of his own volition &mdash; he must have been coerced somehow.
:{{DIcon}} We'll know once we find him.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! That's what we came here to ask you. We'll help bring Ororon back if you help us solve the problems of forging the Ancient Name. What do you think?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmm... I suppose I'll just call you {{Traveler}} for now. {{Traveler}}, come here. Let me take a good look at you.
:;(Citlali takes the Traveler's hand)
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:;(The player's screen briefly glitches)
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 19.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' "Wealth leads to unending conflicts between people, yet you alone transcend the value of gold. Baleful thunder and wrathful waves bring terror to mortal hearts, yet again and again, you've braved them to find new worlds."
:;(The player's screen briefly glitches again)
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 20.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' "O weary yet free soul, even the most verdant leaf in the forest will pray for your happiness and safe passage."
:{{DIcon}} ...Excuse me. What was all that supposed to mean?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 21.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Those are all things that I could see in you. You've experienced far more than even most mortals could dream of. You possess the heart of a sincere hero, along with the conviction to lift a torch above your head and walk headlong into the night.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 22.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Huh? Don't move. There's something here.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wh&mdash;What thing? Don't scare Paimon! Is {{Traveler}} gonna be okay?
:{{Color|menu|Citlali waves her hand, brushing your shoulder...}}
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 23.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Shoo!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 24.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That should do it. You've just returned from the Night Kingdom, so some fragments of souls were still stuck to your body. No need to worry, I've just cleared out the last of them.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eek! Isn't that kind of like... having part of a ghost come back with you...?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 25.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's nothing as serious as that. If left unattended, the most it could do is stir up some chaos in your mind and generally worsen your mood.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 xilonen 11.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' In that case, better to get rid of them.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 26.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It was nothing.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 27.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Xilonen, let's follow your proposal. Once you've brought Ororon back, I'll take you to see the Lord of the Night.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Lord of the Night? But don't we need to talk to the Wayob of the tribes...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 28.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Something this important is beyond their jurisdiction. Only the Lord of the Night can decide whether we can grant an Ancient Name to one who does not hail from our lands.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 29.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The Lord of the Night is an ancient entity that rules over the entire Night Kingdom, constantly borrowing the power of the Sacred Flame to combat corrosion from the Abyss.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so you're basically saying it's even more powerful than the Wayob of the tribes! Well, that sorta makes sense, being the lord of the entire Night Kingdom and all.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 30.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Not exactly &mdash; it's not so much that one's more powerful than the other... Ugh, but never mind, that's not important. It would take too much time to explain.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 31.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Just listen carefully to what I'm about to tell you. The Lord of the Night is currently in a deep slumber, and we can only communicate with its consciousness while in a "trance." In other words... in a dream.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 32.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But I will need to prepare a few more things if we are to hold a ceremony to achieve the state of the trance. I'll make a list. Can any of you get everything for me?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 xilonen 12.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I can go. It'll probably be a long list, so better leave it to someone who knows all the local vendors.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds good! Then we'll go with Citlali to track down Ororon.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 xilonen 13.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The Fatui are nothing to scoff at, so please be careful during your investigation. If you need any help, just come find me.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, we'll be sure to play it safe!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 33.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Alright, now it's time for us to catch that brat and bring him back. Phew...
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 34.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm sorry I made you wait earlier. It was actually because I decided to swing by Ororon's place to look for clues.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 35.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' He has always lived alone, and I found a broken jar in his house. There was also something off about his [[Phlogiston Aphid]]s &mdash; which I assume is because their keeper has been gone for quite some time.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 36.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' And interestingly enough, I saw some slash marks in the house that did not match any of our local weapons... My guess is that they were left by [[Snezhnaya]]n arms.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, sounds like the Fatui broke into his house and took him hostage.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 37.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But why would they kidnap a kid who just spends his days living in the country and raising Aphids? He's only in his twenties. What would they want with him?
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 38.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ahem! That's not to say that I believe he's totally innocent, of course. Since he's the only one who was kidnapped out of everyone in Natlan, he must have done something to attract their attention.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 39.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' In any case, we'll get to the bottom of this once we manage to get him back here.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 40.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm truly sorry to put you two through all this trouble with me, but please help me get him back.
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can count on us!
:{{A|vo ntaq101 7 citlali 41.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Alright, then let's start by heading to where Ororon was seen last.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = All Names are Noble
|zhs      = 皆为崇高之名
|zhs_rm   = Jiē Wéi Chónggāo zhī Míng
|zht      = 皆為崇高之名
|zht_rm   = Jiē Wéi Chónggāo zhī Míng
|zh_tl    = All are Noble Names
|ja       = すべては崇高な名の下に
|ja_rm    = Subete wa Suukou-na Na no Shimo ni
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 숭고한 이름을 위해
|ko_tl    = For the Noble Name
|es       = Nombres nobles
|es_tl    = Noble Names
|fr       = Tous les noms sont nobles
|fr_tl    = All Names are Noble
|ru       = Благородные имена
|ru_tl    = Noble Names
|th       = ชื่อทุกนามล้วนสูงส่ง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Đều Là Những Cái Tên Cao Quý
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Alle Namen sind edel
|de_tl    = All Names are Noble
|id       = Mulialah Semua Namanya
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Todos Os Nomes São Nobres
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Adların Asaleti
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = La nobiltà dei Nomi
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter V}}