{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13031
|image         = Story Quest All Things Flawless and Pure.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Carassius Auratus Chapter
|actNum        = II
|part          = 2
|act           = Star-Pickers' Passage
|character     = Yoimiya
|characters    = Ahangar; Arapurva; Farid; Gurgen; Jahan; Nevida; Nidal; Niousha; Paimon; Sadegh; Salar; Traveler; Yoimiya
|startLocation = [[Devantaka Mountain]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|subarea       = Devantaka Mountain
|prev          = The Seeker of a Meteor Shower
|next          = A Flower that Blooms Across the Sky
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*625;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''All Things Flawless and Pure''''' is the second part of {{Quest|Star-Pickers' Passage}}.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Devantaka Mountain]]
# Head upwards
# Continue to head upwards
# Talk to [[Yoimiya]]
# Ask [[Ahangar]] about ores
# Get information from Sadegh
# Look for [[Avin]] and ask about her whereabouts
#* Talk to [[Nidal]] to progress
# Continue asking after Avin's whereabouts
#* Talk to [[Jahan]]
# Continue looking for [[Avin]]
# Investigate the traces on the ground
# Approach the lost wheelchair
# Defeat all opponents and recover the wheelchair
#* {{Enemy|Hilichurl|x=3}}
# Retrieve the wheelchair

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You and Paimon tell Yoimiya that meteor showers respond to people's wishes. In response, Yoimiya wants to spend some time getting herself ready for the occasion...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:;(The three reach Devantaka Mountain after dark.)
:{{A|vo xglq202 1 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Wow, is that what you two were talking about? Amazing... It's huge!
:{{A|vo xglq202 1 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' W&mdash;Wait, it's not going to suddenly start moving, right?
:{{A|vo xglq202 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Relax, it's completely still, and it's been ages.
:{{A|vo xglq202 1 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That's true. It's green from all the overgrowth on it.
:{{A|vo xglq202 1 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Alright, let's go. Hehehe, now this'll make for quite the story!
----
;(While following the Four-Leaf Sigils)
:{{A|vo xglq202 2 yoimiya 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo xglq202 2 yoimiya 01b.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I was wondering... have you seen your {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}} yet?
:{{A|vo xglq202 2 paimon 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo xglq202 2 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, but {{MC|m=she|f=he}} said that {{MC|m=she|f=he}}'d meet us at the end of our journey &mdash; and then {{MC|m=she|f=he}} left.
:{{A|vo xglq202 2 yoimiya 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo xglq202 2 yoimiya 02b.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I see. It seems {{MC|m=she|f=he}} has {{MC|m=her|f=his}} own things to worry about...
:{{A|vo xglq202 2 yoimiya 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo xglq202 2 yoimiya 03b.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But it's alright. At least you were able to talk. How did {{MC|m=she|f=he}} look? Was {{MC|m=she|f=he}} doing well? Had {{MC|m=she|f=he}} changed in any way?
:{{A|vo xglq202 2 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo xglq202 2 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, according to {{MC|m=him|f=her}}, nothing's really changed. {{MC|m=He|f=She}}'s hanging in there.
:{{A|vo xglq202 2 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, that sure is reassuring!
:{{A|vo xglq202 2 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I believe that you two will come to an understanding once your journey is over.
:{{A|vo xglq202 2 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You are siblings, after all.
----
;(Approach the top of the Ruin Golem)
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I didn't think we'd be able to climb all the way up here...
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' What a great view! I just wanna shout at the top of my lungs!
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! And even though we might not be viewing the meteor shower from here, it's a good place to practice.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oops, I was having too much fun and almost forgot about that.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Before I left Inazuma, many people heard that I was looking for a meteor shower, so they told me that they wanted to make wishes.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I told them that they could write their wishes down on paper, so I ended up collecting several dozens of wishes...
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah, that many!?
:{{DIcon}} So you want to help convey all those wishes?
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That's part of it, but more importantly, I've been wondering why people link meteor showers and wishes in the first place.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' After a lot of thought, I think I've figured it out.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' People use fireworks to remember their most precious memories, and these memories sparkle and shine each time the fireworks fly.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' In other words, fireworks symbolize the past.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' And shooting stars make people think of wishes because wishes carry people's brilliant hopes and expectations for the future.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' One represents the past, and the other the future. They both bloom in the sky, but have completely different meanings behind them.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's really beautiful, isn't it?
:{{DIcon}} Very true...
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's clear to me that I'm not the only one holding this belief &mdash; I'm sure my ancestor had similar views.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I think that's how he drew inspiration from the meteor shower...
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' His method was a wish of sorts to begin with &mdash; to join the past and future together and combine their beauty.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 16.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' At first, I wasn't completely serious about using the opportunity to travel abroad to see a meteor shower...
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 17.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But it became something like a mission once everyone had handed their wishes over to me.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yoimiya...
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well said! And here Paimon thought you needed practice.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 18.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Huh, that was fine? You both understand what I'm trying to say? Honestly, I thought it was pretty messy...
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 19.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I mean, these are all abstract topics that evoke a... sense of admiration that's hard to put into words.
:{{DIcon}} Then, have you ever considered that if you can't find it...
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps it doesn't exist?
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ({{Traveler}}...)
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 20.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I did consider that possibility, and I won't lie &mdash; it'd be a real bummer if that were the case.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 21.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I know that's the most realistic conclusion, and it's not like luck has to be on my side.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 22.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But there's a premise to every legend, and that's belief!
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 23.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If I didn't take this step, it's not like a meteor shower would just rain upon me, either.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 24.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I wouldn't be where I am now. I wouldn't have known that they respond to wishes, and I wouldn't have seen all these beautiful sights in Sumeru.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 25.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So I'm looking forward to the rest of our journey &mdash; every single step of it.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...You really are amazing, Yoimiya.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 26.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Eh, what?
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, nothing. Paimon just thinks you're doing a good job with the wishes. Now we just need one other thing.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Like we said earlier, we're going to need to build a device.
:{{DIcon}} We'll need to look for the purest ore in Sumeru.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, and once we use it to create an observation device, we can find where the meteor shower will be.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 27.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I see. The purest ore...
:{{DIcon}} We can go somewhere else to look for it.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 28.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hmm... Then, why don't we go back to Sumeru City and ask the blacksmith?
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 29.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I chatted with him a bit when Avin was showing me around. He seems really knowledgeable. I bet he'll know something.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... But wouldn't we be bothering him?
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 30.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No one knows more about ore than a blacksmith!
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's true...
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 yoimiya 31.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Let's go! Hehe, I wish we could fly over!
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What are we gonna do? If we really ask the blacksmith, he's gonna give us funny looks for sure!
:{{DIcon}} We'll just have to roll with the punches...
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* You're right. Paimon will do her best to not say anything wrong!
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At first, Paimon felt bad about keeping Yoimiya in the dark...
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But now, it feels like we made the right decision.
:{{DIcon}} I want her to see that meteor shower.
:{{DIcon}} I want her to have her cake and eat it, too.
:{{A|vo xglq202 5 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, that's why we're doing all this!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Though Yoimiya has brought many wishes with her, you still need an observation tool to find the exact location of the meteor shower. Yoimiya suggests that you speak to the blacksmith in the city.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Ahangar)
:{{Black Screen|You briefly explain the purpose of your visit to the blacksmith.}}
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 01.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' You want to use the purest material to create a star observation device? Hmm... A pair of specially crafted lenses should do the job.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 02.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' However, "purest material" is too vague. It'd be better if you were more specific...
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any alternatives for us?
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 03.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' Firstly, this all sounds rather strange. I've never heard that legend about meteor showers. You sure you're not just messing with me?
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Sorry for the trouble, but we are kind of messing with someone...)
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sorry... Inazuma's pretty far, so maybe some key information got lost across the ocean.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Still, I want to at least give it a shot. Even though the information's vague, can you help us at all?
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 04.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' Well, sure. Why don't I use some materials that might fit the bill, and create up a mock-up device for you?
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That'd be great. Thanks so much for your help!
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 05.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' No need to be so polite &mdash; you're my customer. Also, this kind of project is a nice change of pace.
:{{Black Screen|Using his well-honed skills, the blacksmith constructs three lenses of different make.}}
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Maybe we can just pick a random one. It's not like we're really going to use it, anyway...)
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 06.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' No, that won't do. I don't think I can justify that to myself...
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 07.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' If these were for ordinary use, then it'd be acceptable... barely. But if you want a product that is top-notch, this is far from ideal.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Gah, why are you so interested all of a sudden?)
:{{DIcon}} Then what do we do...?
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, what now...?
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Don't worry too much about the material. If you think it'll be difficult to obtain, we can get it for you.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I want to try all our options.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 08.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 09.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' Since we're on the topic of legends, allow me to tell you one about blacksmiths.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 10.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' All of us in Sumeru know about this legendary forging material. It possesses excellent properties that are matched by no other...
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 11.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' Using it to forge something is every blacksmith's dream.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 12.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' Some spend their entire lives searching for this material in vain, while others have it in their possession, yet never use it in their forge.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why's that?
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 13.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' That's because the material is too precious. Many believe themselves unworthy to work with it due to a lack of skill.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 14.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' In other words, not only does it represent the pinnacle of material quality, but also the culmination of a smith's skills.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 15.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' I constantly practice and hone myself so when I do encounter this material, we won't pass each other by like two ships in the night.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So you mean that it symbolizes dreams?
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 16.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' Dreams, inspiration, obsession, focus... Call it what you want. But if you take it to symbolize "purity," then I believe it is your goal as well.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 17.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' We call it Urstone, but in truth, neither I nor my colleagues have ever seen it.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 18.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' It's more like a goal, and also a warning.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' This fits perfectly with the tale of the meteor shower.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Then why don't we go looking for it?
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it even something we can find?
:{{DIcon}} We should at least try...
:{{DIcon}} Treat it as a fun excursion.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Exactly! We're chasing down a legend, after all. What's true or not doesn't matter as much.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If we do find it, that's a big win for us! And if we don't, maybe we can still find something that could be used as a substitute.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When you put it like that...
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 farid 01.ogg}} '''Farid:''' Excuse me. If I might intrude, have you seen a child in a wheelchair?
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yeah, she and I were hanging out not that long ago. What's the matter?
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 01.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' Do you know where she went? She hasn't returned home yet...
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Huh? I wonder why? When we split up, she said she was heading home.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 02.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' Oh dear... *sigh*
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 03.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' I'm sorry if I seemed worked up. I'm Avin's mother.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 04.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' She's been depressed ever since she fell ill and was forced to use a wheelchair. I'm concerned about her mental health.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 05.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' If she does something reckless because she's not in a good state of mind...
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's okay, don't worry. We'll help you find her.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I can't say that I know her very well, but I think she just has a lot on her mind, and is trying to come to terms with her feelings.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 06.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' That's reassuring... *sigh* She doesn't want to tell me anything, probably because she thinks nothing she says would make either of us feel better.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 07.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' But I can't tell what she's thinking if we don't communicate...
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 08.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' I'm worried that I'll panic and make things worse by saying the wrong thing.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Don't worry, I'm sure she has a reason for wanting some space to herself at the moment. We should just be open and understanding with her.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 16.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But that does bring me to a question I've been mulling over in my head... Do you think there's something else going on in her life?
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 09.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' Not that I'm aware of, I just know the illness was a big blow to her...
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 10.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' She's always been physically active. She absolutely loved to run and jump, and she told me that she wanted to become a great adventurer some day.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 11.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' But after she became ill, she lost strength in both legs. She hasn't been able to stand since.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 12.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' We've consulted with countless doctors, but they're all stumped. They said all she can do is slowly recuperate. No one can say for sure if she'll ever stand or walk again.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 13.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' She believes that her legs will never recover, and her dreams of seeing the world would be forever shattered. *sigh* It's... This was all too sudden, too unfair.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 17.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Okay, I understand. I'll find a way to bring her around.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 18.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sorry, but it looks like we'll have to put our meteor shower search on hold.
:{{DIcon}} Of course. Avin's safety is more important.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're coming with you!
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 19.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Mister Blacksmith, do you remember seeing a child in a wheelchair?
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 19.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' Sorry, afraid not. I've been keeping my eyes on my anvil.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 20.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' But you're looking for someone... I suggest dropping in on Sadegh.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 21.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' He's my supplier. If anyone's aware of the comings and goings in Treasures Street, it'd be him.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 20.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Do you know where we can find him?
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 22.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' He's probably resting just over there. It's not far.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 21.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Got it. Thanks for your help with everything!
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 yoimiya 22.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' We'll go over there and see what we can find out. Don't worry, I don't think she's gone too far.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 14.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' Thank you so much. He and I will continue asking around in the city.
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 niousha 15.ogg}} '''Niousha:''' If you find her, please let me know... Thanks again for helping.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Ahangar, optional)
:{{A|vo xglq202 6 ahangar 23.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' (Kids these days... Her friends sure seem worried.)

;(Speak to Ahangar again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq202 ahangar 01.ogg}} '''Ahangar:''' I'll keep an eye out for you. If I see her, I'll try to keep her here with me.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Before you could set out to find the Urstone, you hear news of Avin's disappearance, and put your plans aside to look for her.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Sadegh)
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Excuse me, have you seen a child in a wheelchair?
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 sadegh 01.ogg}} '''Sadegh:''' Hmm, now that you mention it, that does ring a bell. I was moving some boxes at the time, and I saw her pushing her wheelchair so hard she was panting.
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 sadegh 02.ogg}} '''Sadegh:''' I asked if she needed help, but she didn't respond, as if she didn't hear me.
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sounds like there really was something on her mind.
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 sadegh 03.ogg}} '''Sadegh:''' Yeah, that was the impression I got, too. What's wrong? Did she go missing?
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yes, so we're looking for her.
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 sadegh 04.ogg}} '''Sadegh:''' I see... That's rather worrying. I know &mdash; I'll ask my friends and see if they know anything.
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 sadegh 05.ogg}} '''Sadegh:''' She went that way. If you ask people as you go, hopefully you'll track her down.
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Okay, thanks! If you find out anything, don't forget to tell the people with the green scarves!
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 sadegh 06.ogg}} '''Sadegh:''' Haha, you mean the Corps of Thirty? Don't worry, I got it.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Sadegh, optional)
:'''Sadegh:''' (I've got two more vendors to visit... Ah well, there's no rush. I'm going to take a break.)
----
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Gurgen, optional)
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 gurgen 01.ogg}} '''Gurgen:''' (Will this amount of water do?)

;(Talk to Gurgen, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq202 gurgen 01.ogg}} '''Gurgen:''' Mm, sorry, I'm not sure. I've been tending to the herbs.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Salar, optional)
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 salar 01.ogg}} '''Salar:''' (Let's check how much fertilizer we have left again...)

;(Talk to Salar, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq202 salar 01.ogg}} '''Salar:''' A child in a wheelchair? Sorry, I didn't see anyone like that. I was organizing some things.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Nevida, optional)
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 nevida 01.ogg}} '''Nevida:''' (Settling disputes is exhausting...)

;(Talk to Nevida, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq202 nevida 01.ogg}} '''Nevida:''' I'm very sorry, but I haven't seen this child. I've been settling disputes all day.
:{{A|vo dialog xglq202 nevida 02.ogg}} '''Nevida:''' If they have suffered an accident, please send them to Bimarstan immediately. I can help you make arrangements.

;(Talk to Nidal)
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Excuse me! We're looking for a child in a wheelchair...
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 nidal 01.ogg}} '''Nidal:''' Oh, I remember her. She went that way not too long ago.
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 nidal 02.ogg}} '''Nidal:''' I asked her what she was doing &mdash; it's my job, after all. She just said she had something important to do and didn't want to be disturbed.
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That seems a little weird.
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 nidal 03.ogg}} '''Nidal:''' Whatever the case, she left the city. If you follow that road, you should be able to find her.
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Gotcha. Thanks a lot!

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Nidal, optional)<!-- gives a default ASTK line when interacted with before talking -->
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 nidal 04.ogg}} '''Nidal:''' (I suppose this is part of what the Mahamata calls our "duties.")

;(Talk to Nidal again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq202 nidal 01.ogg}} '''Nidal:''' If that's all, then, I'll be continuing my patrol.
----
;(Talk to Jahan)
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hello there! Did a child in a wheelchair pass this way?
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 jahan 01.ogg}} '''Jahan:''' A wheelchair? Oh, so that's what it was...
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 jahan 02.ogg}} '''Jahan:''' I didn't get a good look, but something going pretty fast went sliding down that slope over there.
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh no, how dangerous.
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 jahan 03.ogg}} '''Jahan:''' For sure. There's terrain of all sorts outside the city, and if that was the kid...
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Got it. It was over there, right? We'll be going now. Thanks!

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Jahan, optional)<!-- gives a default ASTK line when interacted with before talking -->
:{{A|vo xglq202 7 jahan 04.ogg}} '''Jahan:''' (No one was accompanying that kid...?)

;(Talk to Jahan again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq202 jahan 01.ogg}} '''Jahan:''' Go. Go quickly. Any delay could be costly.
----
;(Approach Avin)
:{{A|vo xglq202 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Are you alright?
:{{A|vo xglq202 8 avin 01.ogg}}  '''Avin:''' I fell off my wheelchair...
:{{A|vo xglq202 8 avin 02.ogg}} '''Avin:''' I can't move around without it... Why...? Why!?
:{{A|vo xglq202 8 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's okay, you're okay, you're not hurt.
:{{A|vo xglq202 8 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'll take care of her. Can you two look for her wheelchair?
:{{A|vo xglq202 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No problem! We'll be right back!

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Avin, optional)
:{{A|vo xglq202 8 avin 03.ogg}} '''Avin:''' (Why... Why did this happen to me...)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Yoimiya, optional)
:{{A|vo xglq202 8 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' (I have to calm her down first.)

;(Talk to Avin and Yoimiya, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq202 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's okay, you're alright now.
:{{A|vo dialog xglq202 avin 01.ogg}} '''Avin:''' ...

;(Investigate the depressions at the crossroads, optional)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (After Avin fell off, the wheelchair would've kept going. It should be somewhere up ahead.)

;(Investigate the depressions in the camp, optional)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Those aren't wheelchair tracks. Let's look somewhere else.)

;(Investigate the depressions down the left road)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (It must've slowed down. Can't be far now.)

;(Approach the wheelchair)
:{{A|vo xglq202 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, it's the wheelchair! So hilichurls took it!
:{{A|vo xglq202 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We gotta get it back before they damage it!

;(Retrieve the wheelchair)
:{{Black Screen|You return the wheelchair to Avin.}}
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Alright, we're in luck. Looks like the wheelchair's still working.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 01.ogg}} '''Avin:''' That's good... *sigh* Or else my family would have to pay for another one.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You feeling any better? I know that must've been really scary for you.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 02.ogg}} '''Avin:''' Mm...
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's alright, you're safe now. We'll bring you back.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 03.ogg}} '''Avin:''' ...
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Do you feel okay telling me why you had to come here, despite the risks?
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If you don't want anyone else to know, we'll definitely keep it a secret!
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! You can trust us.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 04.ogg}} '''Avin:''' The Aranara Carving...
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 05.ogg}} '''Avin:''' My bestest friend... He went missing...
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' The carving? You mean the one I gave you?
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 06.ogg}} '''Avin:''' Yeah. My illness is really bad. It's not just my legs &mdash; I've forgotten a lot of stuff, too.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 07.ogg}} '''Avin:''' I used to love running. I loved the feeling it gave me, and the sound of wind rushing by my ears.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 08.ogg}} '''Avin:''' But the longer I sit, the cloudier those memories get. I'm starting to forget how it feels to "love" something.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 09.ogg}} '''Avin:''' But when I saw that wood carving, I remembered that I once had a best friend. He'd always run with me.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, was he an Aranara!?
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, Paimon meant that it couldn't have been an Aranara, right? They're just fairy tale characters!
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 10.ogg}} '''Avin:''' But they aren't! They're real! They couldn't be more real!
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hey, I understand. Okay, let's calm down. Tell us what happened so we can help you.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 11.ogg}} '''Avin:''' Sorry, I got carried away... and I don't have any evidence to show you...
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 12.ogg}} '''Avin:''' Everyone says you can't see Aranara anymore once you become an adult. You have to say goodbye to your Aranara friends forever.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 13.ogg}} '''Avin:''' I can't remember his name or how he looked like... and soon, I'll even forget that he used to run with me...
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 14.ogg}} '''Avin:''' I don't want to become an adult... Not like this.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I understand now... When you saw that carving, you were reminded of your friend.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You came out here to look for him and remember that friendship, no matter how difficult things got. Isn't that right?
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 15.ogg}} '''Avin:''' Yes. I want to see him. I want to tell him that I'm not angry with him, and that I didn't want to break our promise. But then... this happened.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 16.ogg}} '''Avin:''' I'm not angry with him, not at all.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Cheer up &mdash; something beautiful has happened.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 17.ogg}} '''Avin:''' Beautiful?
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That's right. You remembered something about the Aranara, haven't you?
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Once you start remembering more things, you'll be able to find your friend again.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' And I'll help you!
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 18.ogg}} '''Avin:''' Yoimiya...
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 19.ogg}} '''Avin:''' Does this mean that you can also see Aranara?
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sorry, I don't know if I can. I've only just arrived in Sumeru. Maybe I haven't seen one yet, or maybe I can't see them at all.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But that doesn't matter. Whether I can see them or not doesn't change my belief that you can.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 20.ogg}} '''Avin:''' ...!
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do we do?
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon really wants to help her. She didn't deserve any of this &mdash; not her illness, or being separated from her friend. But...
:{{DIcon}} We'll help, too.
::{{DIcon}} Yoimiya, can we talk?
:{{DIcon}} But before that...
::{{DIcon}} Yoimiya, can we talk?
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 16.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Huh, me? Sure. Um, sorry, wait here for a moment. We'll be right back.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 17.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' What's wrong? You look so serious all of a sudden.
:{{DIcon}} Do you really believe in the Aranara?
:{{DIcon}} How do you plan to help her?
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 18.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, did you think I was over-promising back there? Don't worry, I have experience with this kind of thing.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 19.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' To her, reuniting with her Aranara friend is the "result." But recapturing her past joy and belief in herself is the "process," and that's where our help is needed.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 20.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'm guessing that her sudden illness made her feel like she may not be able to realize her dreams anymore. It also made it difficult for her to hold onto the happy memories and dreams she had.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 21.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Everyone has their own imagination. After some chance coincidence, she met an "Aranara."
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 22.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So as long as we help her rediscover that same feeling she once had, her "Aranara" will return naturally.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so that's what you're thinking...
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 23.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Adults only want to believe in objective reality. In doing so, they may unintentionally do harm to the innocent fantasies of children.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 24.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But I think there are ways to get even subjective things back.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 25.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So how about it? Wanna help me out?
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, looks like all this excitement made you forget your original goal again.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 26.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' *sigh* If we didn't do anything to help, I wouldn't be able to watch a meteor shower, even if it appeared right now.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 27.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' And would the stars really want their caller to have such a heartless soul?
:{{DIcon}} I understand.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I don't doubt your reasoning, it's just...
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 28.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' What are you trying to say?
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Because we can actually summon the Aranara.
:{{DIcon}} You're a good Nara, Yoimiya.
:{{DIcon}} I'll apologize to them later.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 29.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' R&mdash;Really?
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just watch. We have some tricks up our sleeves!
:{{Black Screen|You blow the leaf to call forth the Aranara...}}
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 30.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Whoa... So this is an Aranara...
:'''Arapurva:''' Very unexpected. The Lord of Dendro did not say that there would be strange Nara.
:'''Arapurva:''' Aranara trust Golden Nara. If that were not so... I would not have appeared.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry...
:{{DIcon}} There were circumstances, I'm afraid.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 31.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'm the one who should be apologizing! Sorry, let me explain.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 32.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I know that you only want to be seen by people you trust. It's rash of me to butt in...
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 33.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But this girl once had an Aranara as her best friend, and they haven't met in a very long time.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 34.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' She's been quite ill, and her world has turned upside down. It's been so long since she's been able to see her friend that even her memory of him has become hazy...
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 35.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Parting with a friend like that is too sad, and she never wanted that to happen.
:'''Arapurva:''' I remember Nara Avin and Arashani.
:'''Arapurva:''' All Nara grow up, and when they do, they will say goodbye to their young selves.
:'''Arapurva:''' All Nara want to prepare for that, but the truth is... very few succeed.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 36.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That's why I want to help her. Her world is still very small &mdash; too small for all the sadness she has to bear.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 37.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' As things are, all she can do is sit alone and think about how happiness is leaving her little by little, about how life has been so unfair to her...
:'''Arapurva:''' I understand. Her world is very small, so disappointment is very large.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 38.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yes. Maybe we're already used to bad luck, and we know how to deal with feelings of sorrow and disappointment.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 39.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But this is her first time dealing with any of this. Life can trip anyone up. What's most important in times like this...
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 40.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Is for us to support one another.
:'''Arapurva:''' Hmm...
:'''Arapurva:''' It seems that Red Nara has not yet grown up.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? What do you mean by that?
:'''Arapurva:''' Time is very important to Nara. Nara walk with time. They remember much, and they forget much.
:'''Arapurva:''' But Red Nara is different. You know how young Nara think. The warmth in your heart is very pure, and it is fierce like the sun.
:'''Arapurva:''' I believe you are a trustworthy Nara.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, that means...
:'''Arapurva:''' I can bring you all to see Arashani.
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 avin 21.ogg}} '''Avin:''' Eh? T&mdash;Thank you...
:{{A|vo xglq202 13 yoimiya 41.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Thanks for trusting us!
:'''Arapurva:''' Arashani is in Mawtiyima Forest. But Nara Avin might not be able to see Arashani unless she is prepared.
:'''Arapurva:''' It is not very complicated or difficult, though. Let me lead the way.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = All Things Flawless and Pure
|zhs       = 纯净无瑕之物
|zhs_rm    = Chúnjìng Wúxiá zhī Wù
|zht       = 純淨無暇之物
|zht_rm    = Chúnjìng Wúxiá zhī Wù
|zh_tl     = 
|ja        = 純粋無瑕のモノ
|ja_rm     = Junsui Muka no Mono
|ja_tl     = 
|ko        = 순수하고 무결한 것
|ko_tl     = A Pure and Flawless Thing
|es        = El mineral más puro
|es_tl     = The Purest Mineral
|fr        = Le matériau le plus pur
|fr_tl     = The Purest Material
|ru        = Чистейшая материя
|ru_tl     = The Purest Matter
|th        = สิ่งบริสุทธิ์ไร้ที่ติ
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Vật Trong Sáng Thuần Khiết
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Das Ding, das aus dem reinsten Material besteht
|de_tl     = The Thing, Made of the Purest Material
|id        = Bahan Paling Murni
|id_tl     = The Purest Material
|pt        = O Material Mais Puro
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Kusursuz ve Saf Her Şey
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Tutto ciò che c'è di puro al mondo
|it_tl     = Everything in the World That Is Pure
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}