{{About|the [[Hidden Strife]] event quest|the Wonders of the World [[achievement]]|All's Well That Ends Well}}
{{Quest Infobox
|title         = All's Well That Ends Well
|id            = 70513
|image         = Event Quest All's Well That Ends Well.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Hidden Strife
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Adelinde; Diluc; Kaeya; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Dawn Winery]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Dawn Winery
|prev          = Phantom of the Past
|mora          = 20,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''All's Well That Ends Well''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Hidden Strife]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Dawn Winery]]
# Enter the Winery and find [[Diluc]]'s desk
# {{Not a typo|Sort Letters}}
# Go to the abnormal ley line deposit again
# Fight alongside Diluc
#* A trial Diluc will join the party; [[Co-Op Mode]] will be disabled
#* Wave 1
#** {{Enemy|Large Hydro Slime|x=2}}
#** {{Enemy|Hydro Slime|x=3}}
#* Wave 2
#** {{Enemy|Cryo Abyss Mage|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Ice Shieldwall Mitachurl|x=1}}
# Talk to Diluc

==Gameplay Notes==
* Aside from the letters that the Traveler peeks through as part of this quest, additional letters can be found throughout Mondstadt. See [[Hidden Strife/Story#Optional Letters]] for:
** Nine additional letters in Dawn Winery
** Two letters in Albedo's camp on Dragonspine
** Two letters in Jean's office
** Two documents and two letters hidden in a brick

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8
|character_name          = Diluc
|character_outfit        = Red Dead of Night
<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_name8            = Wolf's Gravestone
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8
|hp8                     = 27,055
|atk8                    = 2,603
|def8                    = 928
|em8                     = 105
|crit_rate8              = 76.3%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
|er8                     = 135.0%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You and Paimon patrolled the area near the abnormal ley line deposit for several days. It is time now, it seems, to report back to Adelinde.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(On obtaining the quest)
:{{A|vo hyeq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've been fighting here for a while now.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's starting to wonder if we should've left the ley line deposit alone... Maybe then, the monsters would have stopped coming...
:{{A|vo hyeq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, Paimon still doesn't have a clue what's going on here... Shall we just go ask Diluc?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, c'mon, let's get back to the Dawn Winery, (Traveler).
----
;(Talk to Adelinde)
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 adelinde 01.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' You're finally back.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 adelinde 02.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' I didn't think you'd be gone for so long. Sorry if it was too much trouble.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's okay. We did offer to help.
:{{DIcon}} Even if we hadn't gone to [[Falcon Coast]]...
:{{DIcon}} We probably would have been fighting monsters somewhere else...
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So anyway, is Master Diluc back yet? We didn't see him at Falcon Coast.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 adelinde 03.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Sorry, I'm not sure of Master's whereabouts either. But I did hear that he recently visited Angel's Share.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 adelinde 04.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' After dealing with this kind of trouble, Master is always careful to tie up all loose ends. It's become something of a routine.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 adelinde 05.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' He should be back very soon. You needn't worry. In the meantime, please make yourself comfortable in the Winery.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After all that, we managed to completely miss him...
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh well. Let's just wait for him at the Winery this time.
:{{DIcon}} (At least we got to see the Diluc of the past.)
:{{DIcon}} (It was worth it for that experience.)
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, Adelinde, how come you're always standing here at the door lately? Usually, you're busy indoors.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hopefully you haven't been standing there waiting for Master Diluc this whole time...? 'Cause that would be reeeally tiring!
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 adelinde 06.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Oh, thanks for your concern. But I've actually been instructed by Master to meet with some special guests here.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 adelinde 07.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Certain guests may need reminding to stay away for the time being.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 adelinde 08.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Master hopes that under the present circumstances, these guests will keep an appropriate distance from the Winery, so as not to make a difficult situation even more complicated.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Well, Paimon didn't understand any of that, but... it sounds like a really important job.
:{{DIcon}} What is it that you need our help with?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we could help meet those guests?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 adelinde 09.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' That's very kind of you indeed, but you've already helped Master Diluc out a great deal. You can let me take care of these time-consuming chores.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 adelinde 10.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' There is one small thing you could do for me, though. Please take this letter and place it on the table to your right as you enter the door.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 adelinde 11.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' There are a few archived letters on that table already. Just put this one at the very top of the pile.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this a letter for Master Diluc?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 adelinde 12.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Yes, it's from one of his informants. Only those in Master's inner circle are permitted to handle it or serve as custodian.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, that means we're part of Diluc's inner circle!
:{{A|vo hyeq002 2 adelinde 13.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Of course. Master Diluc greatly values your friendship. Thanks again for the help.
;(Obtain [[A New Letter]])

;(Talk to Adelinde again)
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 adelinde 01.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Please make yourselves comfortable in the Winery.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 adelinde 02.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' And thanks again for helping with the letter.
----
;(Interact with the desk)
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, there are so many letters here.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks like Diluc read them just before he left. He must have been in a hurry...
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Adelinde asked us to put this one at the top of the pile, but how are we supposed to tell the order of the other ones?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess we'll have to read them to get an idea of when they came in.
:{{DIcon}} We really shouldn't be reading other people's mail...
::{{A|vo hyeq002 4 paimon 05a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's true. In that case, let's just tidy them up a little.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, let me think...
::{{A|vo hyeq002 4 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bad idea? Yeah, you're probably right... Okay, let's just tidy them up a little.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' You're here? You move fast.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! There he is!
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' What are you agonizing over?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ms. Adelinde asked us to put these letters in a pile, and we can't tell which order they should go in...
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But it's your personal mail, so it'd be rude for us to read them without your permission.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' There's no need to be nervous.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...And I can see from the looks on your faces that they've grabbed your interest.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' These letters deal with events that are past and gone. I only held onto them in case any of the information they contain proves useful later down the line.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I just dug them out to confirm a few details, I've been following some rather unique developments recently.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' You were involved in the events in question anyway. You can read them if you want to. It's not a bad thing to be curious.
:{{DIcon}} Are you in a hurry?
:{{DIcon}} Do you still have other business to attend to?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} You seem to be in a huge rush...
:{{DIcon}} You don't look like you just got back from the city...
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, that's a good point... Actually, you kinda smell like wild mountain fruit... Oh! Did you go to those mountains where the Valberries come from?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Very perceptive. Yes, I did make a trip to the [[Stormbearer Mountains]].
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 diluc 10.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I'll fill you in later.

:'''Diluc swiftly goes upstairs...'''

:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No fair! We still have some super important things to discuss with Diluc... not to mention a whole bunch of questions!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, you need to calm down.
:{{DIcon}} It's been a long time since Diluc's presence last overawed you, huh.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... Alright, let's just sort these letters for him.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, since he said he doesn't mind, why don't we read them as we go?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 26 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's sort Diluc's letters for him.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 26 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, since he said he doesn't mind, why don't we read them as we go?
----
;(Read the letters)
:{{DIcon}} A Tidily Written Letter
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' To the heir of the [[Ragnvindr Clan]],
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' I apologize for sending this letter without notice. You may not remember me, but we've met a few times.
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' We've met near the square, when I sat at the table adjacent to yours at the [[Good Hunter]], and I've seen you in your tavern...
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' You were always busy with a great many things, especially back when you were much chattier than you are now. You spoke cheerfully and often with your brother and friends then.
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' It's probably no surprise that you did not notice me then. But I've always had my eye on you, child.
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' I recall with crystal clarity how my little [[Klee]] once made a complete mess of your vineyard while she was trying to catch Crystalflies there...
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' But you didn't get angry. In fact, you personally escorted Klee back and even gave her a few bottles of fresh grape juice.
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' Now I think that might jog your memory, yes?
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' Klee recently told me that she "hasn't seen that strange man with the red hair in aaages," so I decided to look into it out of curiosity.
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' My deepest condolences regarding [[Crepus|your father]].
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' In many of the stories I've been told, you are the model knight: proud, driven, a knight of noble character and lineage.
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' But I know that you're gentler than you appear. If you weren't, you wouldn't have treated Klee the way you did.
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' And since you helped my child out, I hope you won't mind if I treat you as if you were my own.
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' Therefore, I sincerely hope that you will leave the dark place that you are presently in, and that you will not wallow in grief and remorse.
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' Partings are most painful things, but they also encourage us to grow. A bird that has lost the roof over its head will fly further than others of its kind.
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' Go out and see the world. That's the best course of action I can envision. Only by feeling, observing, and listening can your heart be healed.
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' Parents all wish that they can accompany their children forever, and the skies, seas, and stars bear witness to that oath.
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' Everything that was your father now finds new life with you. That which you will experience in this world may have been things that your father experienced once upon a time.
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' I hope that the wind will bring you all manner of wondrous things in your journeys to come.
::'''A Tidily Written Letter:''' In any case, keep your chin up, young child.
:{{DIcon}} A Letter With Clear Handwriting
::'''A Letter With Clear Handwriting:''' Master,
::'''A Letter With Clear Handwriting:''' Master [[Kaeya]] took leave and stayed at Dawn Winery for a few days.
::'''A Letter With Clear Handwriting:''' In a rare turn of events, he decided to stay in his original bedroom. He would pace about the grounds when idle, and even asked Adelinde to make him his favorite dishes.
::'''A Letter With Clear Handwriting:''' Ah, it really does take me back.
::'''A Letter With Clear Handwriting:''' I shall be honest with you, but I was quite surprised to hear Master Kaeya say that he wanted to stay for a few days.
::'''A Letter With Clear Handwriting:''' We did not refuse him, however. We believe that even if you were here, you would not refuse him outright.
::'''A Letter With Clear Handwriting:''' Dawn Winery has always been a more quiet location, perhaps because all who stay here are rather peaceable people.
::'''A Letter With Clear Handwriting:''' The house is made by those who live in it, and Master Kaeya's uncommon arrival did end up livening the place up significantly.
::'''A Letter With Clear Handwriting:''' I hope that you are doing well in your travels abroad. Everyone here at the winery misses you.
::'''A Letter With Clear Handwriting:''' May you remain safe and in good health.
:{{DIcon}} A Neatly Written Letter
::'''A Neatly Written Letter:''' Dear Mr. Diluc,
::'''A Neatly Written Letter:''' It is my pleasure to investigate the ley lines alongside you.
::'''A Neatly Written Letter:''' As you know, my focus is on alchemy, so my knowledge of the ley lines remains quite shallow, and I fear that I will only be able to share what little understanding I have.
::'''A Neatly Written Letter:''' According to many pre-existing documents, the ley lines can be seen as a medium for storing information. Under certain circumstances, they can record activities that occur in the area around them.
::'''A Neatly Written Letter:''' All this information goes through a recording and storage process. After a certain period of time, they may be released once again by the ley lines.
::'''A Neatly Written Letter:''' If I may be so bold as to make a guess, there should be a method to activate the ley lines. Those who grasp such methods can control the times at which ley line information is recorded and released.
::'''A Neatly Written Letter:''' Judging from the runic symbols and some other clues, I surmise that there are particular members of the Abyss Order who may have a very small chance of being able to achieve this.
::'''A Neatly Written Letter:''' If you believe that this requires further investigation, these entities may serve as your point of entry.
::'''A Neatly Written Letter:''' I wrote a paper a few years ago in which I covered my brief foray into questions concerning the flow of ley lines and other such topics. You will find a copy of this paper enclosed.
::'''A Neatly Written Letter:''' I hope that it can help to clear up some of your doubts.
:{{DIcon}} A Letter With Rough Handwriting
::'''A Letter With Rough Handwriting:''' Diluc,
::'''A Letter With Rough Handwriting:''' [[Jean]] wrote to me lately with shocking news. If I don't miss my guess, she wrote to you too. Her sentiments are those of the Knights as a whole.
::'''A Letter With Rough Handwriting:''' Crepus was a good man, and I thought very well of him. It grieves me greatly to know that he met with such a fate.
::'''A Letter With Rough Handwriting:''' As for the defeat of the [[Ursa the Drake|drake]], the honors for that accomplishment should go to your father. I do not accept [[Eroch]]'s theft of the credit for that deed, which was bought with your father's sacrifice.
::'''A Letter With Rough Handwriting:''' Stolen credit will not be accepted within the Knights of Favonius under any circumstances. I will not permit it.
::'''A Letter With Rough Handwriting:''' I have already given Jean the authority to punish Eroch with all necessary severity. The Knights will inform you of the results.
::'''A Letter With Rough Handwriting:''' I've heard that you've been taking some time off outdoors and may not be easy to reach, so there is no guarantee that my letter will reach you. As such, I'll stop here for now.
::'''A Letter With Rough Handwriting:''' If it does reach you, then I wish you good health and safety in your travels. Contact us if you need anything.
::'''A Letter With Rough Handwriting:''' I hope that falcon of yours will help put this letter in your hands. I mean, I don't write in person very often, you know?
::'''A Letter With Rough Handwriting:''' These may seem like pointless words to you right now, but remember: even the greatest of disasters must come to an end.
::'''A Letter With Rough Handwriting:''' Mondstadt waits for your return, and if you're willing, the Knights will always welcome you. (If you're not, forget I said anything, yeah?)
:{{DIcon}} A Letter With Elegant Handwriting
::'''A Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' Dear Diluc,
::'''A Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' Welcome back to Mondstadt, Sir.
::'''A Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' It has been some time since the incident. We discovered that Eroch had betrayed us, and he has been punished severely.
::'''A Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' I hope that this news will put your mind at ease.
::'''A Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' In other news, our people have discovered that the Abyss Order has stepped up its activities between Wolvendom and Stone Gate lately.
::'''A Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' Also &mdash; a mysterious individual that people are calling the "Darknight Hero" has suddenly started showing up out of nowhere all around Mondstadt City. He typically acts in the dead of night, and his intentions are currently unclear.
::'''A Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' Please stay safe, and notify the Knights as soon as possible should you see anything suspicious. We will send support immediately.
::'''A Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' Whether you are presently in our ranks or not, all faithful knights will remember your contributions to the Knights of Favonius.
::'''A Letter With Elegant Handwriting:''' May you remain in good health.
:{{DIcon}} A New Letter
::'''A New Letter:''' Dear Darknight Hero, the Knights of Favonius have stepped up the guard details throughout Mondstadt without making any major movements. The Abyss Order will not have noticed.
::'''A New Letter:''' I am scouting around Dragonspine. The monsters here are scattered and separated. Clearly, they haven't been assembled by the Abyss Order.
::'''A New Letter:''' There are no signs of enemy activity in the south of Mondstadt either.
::'''A New Letter:''' If you can confirm that the other locations are also free of monsters, we will be able to conclude that the Abyss Order has nothing to do with the recent ley line disorder.
----
;(If 1 letter has been read)
::{{A|vo hyeq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, Paimon's not sure what this one's about...
::{{A|vo hyeq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shall we read another one, (Traveler)?
:;(Return to letter selection)
;(If 2 letters have been read)
::{{A|vo hyeq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you want to keep reading them? Or have you got the gist now, (Traveler)?
::{{DIcon}} Let's read one more letter.
::{{A|vo hyeq002 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay. Remember, we're trying to figure out when each letter was written.
:;(Return to letter selection)
;(If 3 letters have been read)
:{{DIcon}} I'm all set.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright then, let's put the letters in the right order.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If there's one thing we can take away from these, it's that Master Diluc has had a pretty difficult past...
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not only was he misunderstood by the Knights of Favonius, but he's faced all kinds of other obstacles, too...
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like it's tough being Captain Pyro.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Always fighting alone, because for one reason or another, it wasn't convenient for the people around him to help out.
:{{DIcon}} But Diluc seems to have found some peace since then.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's true.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Plus, he's got us now. We can give him all the help he could ever want!
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh &mdash; out of friendship, of course! Definitely not just for the grape juice!
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... what?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Is there a problem?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Master Diluc... you're wearing your old outfit again? And you've tied your hair back...
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You look so formal all of a sudden!
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' "Old outfit"? You've seen it before?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, it was by that ley line anomaly... That was your past self, right?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Huh. I'm surprised it made such an impression.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you mind telling us about it? What happened back then? Why were you fighting there?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The same reason as ever. Just stopping another Abyss Order plot.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' They launched an offensive on several fronts at once. Unfortunately for them, they were still no match for me.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' We were fighting in an area on Falcon Coast, and everything was recorded by the unusually active ley lines.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' They must have become unstable again recently, causing them to let out all kinds of information from that time. Hence why you saw what you saw.
:{{DIcon}} Why didn't you stay there to keep guard?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' For starters, you only need to deal with the monsters and the ley line deposit will stay dormant, as long as it isn't disturbed again.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' On the other hand, if I'd done nothing at all, the Knights of Favonius would have taken over straight away. Knowing how they work, they'd be sure to send a large contingent to guard the site.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wouldn't that have been a good thing?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 10.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Depends. Most of the knights are away on expeditions, so they don't have a lot of people to spare.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 11.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If the ley line anomaly was just a diversion tactic, the Abyss Order could have been poised to attack somewhere else entirely, while the knights were scrambling to send what limited forces they have to Falcon Coast.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 12.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' But anyway, I have no interest in talking to the Knights of Favonius. I prefer to get to the bottom of things myself rather than waste time negotiating with them.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 13.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' And it was easy enough for me find out the Abyss Order's plans. Take a few Abyss Mages hostage, and they soon start talking.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 14.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' As for the Knights of Favonius, I've sent someone to enlist their cooperation where it's needed.
:{{DIcon}} So this is a joint initiative between you and the Knights.
:{{DIcon}} It almost sounds like you're doing the Knights of Favonius a favor.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 15.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It's their job to handle situations like this. They ought to be present when things come to a head.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 16.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I don't like working closely with the Knights of Favonius because of our differences in philosophy, but that doesn't mean we can't watch each others' backs when it counts.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... seems like you have even more control over things now than you used to, Diluc.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 17.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The best way to deal with any threat is to utilize all the force at your disposal.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 18.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Anyway, thank you for your help, Adelinde brought me up to speed with everything. In return, I have a gift for your trouble.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Grape juice?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The packaging is so fancy! It must be really expensive?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 19.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' This is my personal favorite grape juice, made of the highest-quality grapes. I happened to have an unopened batch, so I brought you a bottle to try.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 20.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I didn't know you were such fans of grape juice. Next time you want some, don't bother waiting for the discount &mdash; just go down to the cellar and help yourselves.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 21.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It's on the house.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woohoo! Paimon's gonna tell everyone we meet that we're VIPs at Dawn Winery!
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This one bottle must be worth at least... like, fifty thousand Mora? Hee-hee, and he gave it to us for free...!
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thank you, Master Diluc!
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 22.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Haha... If you're free tonight, you're welcome to stay for dinner. Adelinde is already making it.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 23.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' There are, however, a few things I need to take care of before dinnertime.
:{{DIcon}} Things that involve fighting?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 24.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Yes. Passiveness is not my style.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 25.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Though I had my suspicions at the start, everything I've come across so far in my investigation suggests that the Abyss Order was not behind this.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 26.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Since this arose from natural causes, it's time to wrap things up.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler)... Um, so what should we do...?
:{{DIcon}} Well, in for one Mora, in for the lot...
:{{DIcon}} We help Diluc out.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, sure! After all, he did just give us this amazing grape juice...
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, no... what was it... After all, "even when the odds of success are nine to one, you must never lower your guard."
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 27.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 28.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Well said.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 diluc 29.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' In that case, let's get going.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okie-Dokey, Captain Pyro! You can take it a little easier this time!
:{{A|vo hyeq002 7 paimon 25.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on, let's go! This is the final battle, then we can put all this trouble behind us!
;(Obtain [[Dawn Winery's Top-Quality Grape Juice]])
----
;(Interact with the desk again)
:{{A|vo hyeq002 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These letters cover a whole load of different events. Paimon never knew Diluc's past was so complicated...
:{{A|vo hyeq002 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're really gonna have to study all the details to figure out how everything fits together.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Which letter do you wanna read next, (Traveler)?
;(Letter selection appears, now arranged in chronological order)
:{{DIcon}} A Letter With Rough Handwriting
:{{DIcon}} A Tidily Written Letter
:{{DIcon}} A Letter With Clear Handwriting
:{{DIcon}} A Letter With Elegant Handwriting
:{{DIcon}} A Neatly Written Letter
:{{DIcon}} A New Letter
----
;(Optional - Talk to Adelinde and Kaeya)
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 adelinde 03.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Hello, Master Kae&mdash; Ahem, I mean Captain Kaeya.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 adelinde 04.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' I don't believe we were expecting you. Has something urgent come up?
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, Adelinde, don't be such a stranger, hehe.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The Knights of Favonius have received word of another sighting of the Darknight Hero. Now, the witness wasn't able to see where the suspect was headed, however...
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I just have a gut feeling that he's in the Dawn Winery area.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 adelinde 05.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Really? What can I say, Captain Kaeya... You and the Darknight Hero have never been seen in the same place at the same time, and you often show up at the Dawn Winery &mdash; just like the Darknight Hero.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 adelinde 06.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' So is it safe to say that... you are the Darknight Hero?
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hahaha, now that you mention it, it makes sense. I almost can't believe it &mdash; I am the legendary Darknight Hero!
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 adelinde 07.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' I'm sorry, Captain Kaeya, but the Dawn Winery is having a fire safety inspection today.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 adelinde 08.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' You'll have to come back another day.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Seriously? Shouldn't you at least ask me to stay for dinner, as a courtesy?
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' *sigh* Then again, I do have a pile of admin work waiting for me today...
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' In that case, please pass a message on to Diluc for me. Tell him that the hazard zone has been established, the public shouldn't notice anything, and the enemy is unlikely to detect it right away.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 adelinde 09.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Captain Kaeya, your words are as profound and enigmatic as ever. I'm just a maid, none of that means anything to me.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 adelinde 10.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Master is currently out at a business meeting with his commercial partners. I don't know where they are exactly.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 adelinde 11.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' I will pass your message on to him word for word when he gets back, but I can't guarantee that the meaning behind the words will be fully conveyed.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh? But these are code words he grew up using. If he doesn't understand them... then perhaps it was a wasted childhood.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, by the way, is there anything new at the Winery? While I'm here, I'd like to pick up some choice wine to take home.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 adelinde 12.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Captain Kaeya, you are too funny. You know we don't do retail.
:{{A|vo dialog hyeq002 adelinde 13.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Still, thank you so much for visiting.
----
;(Interact with the ley line)
;(After defeating the opponents)
:{{A|vo hyeq002 27 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' There, it's done.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 27 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The ley line deposit will disappear before long.
:{{DIcon}} That battle went very smoothly.
:{{DIcon}} That battle was a lot of fun.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 27 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All thanks to the power of teamwork!
:{{A|vo hyeq002 27 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See, even Captain Pyro needs his trusty sidekicks sometimes. It can't be Master Diluc saving the day by himself every single time. Many hands make light work!
:{{A|vo hyeq002 27 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Sidekicks, hmm...
:{{A|vo hyeq002 27 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It's been a long time since I last worked with others. It's not so bad.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 27 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If the opportunity arises, let's team up again in the future.
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* The letters are likely to be written by the following characters
** A Tidily Written Letter: Alice
** A Letter With Clear Handwriting: Adelinde
** A Neatly Written Letter: Albedo
** A Letter With Rough Handwriting: Varka
** A Letter With Elegant Handwriting: Jean
** A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting: Kaeya
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = All's Well That Ends Well
|zhs     = 恰如其分的收场
|zhs_rm  = Qiàrúqífèn de Shōuchǎng
|zht     = 恰如其分的收場
|zht_rm  = Qiàrúqífèn de Shōuchǎng
|zh_tl   = An Appropriate End
|ja      = 相応しい終幕
|ja_rm   = Fusawashii Shuumaku
|ja_tl   = A Suitable End
|ko      = 적절한 마무리
|ko_rm   = Jeokjeolhan Mamuri
|ko_tl   = Suitable End
|es      = Bien está lo que bien acaba
|es_tl   = All's Well That Ends Well
|fr      = Tout est bien qui finit bien
|fr_tl   = All's Well That Ends Well
|ru      = Справедливый финал
|ru_tl   = A Just Finale
|th      = จุดจบที่เหมาะสม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kết Cục Hợp Lý
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ende gut, alles gut
|de_tl   = All's Well That Ends Well
|id      = Indah Pada Waktunya
|id_tl   = Beautiful in Its Time
|pt      = Tudo Está Bem Quando Acaba Bem
|pt_tl   = All's Well That Ends Well
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[fr:Tout est bien qui finit bien]]
[[pt-br:Tudo Está Bem Quando Acaba Bem]]