{{Food Infobox
|id              = 108301
|image           = Item All-Weather Beauty.png
|description     = Made from fish that have been dried on the ship. Kazuha claims that they were completely ordinary fish. But this flavor... this must surely be the definition of free, all-embracing nature, no?
|type            = Recovery Dishes
|effectType      = Healing
|effect          = Restores '''16'''% of Max HP and an additional '''1,350''' HP to the selected character.
|eff_att1        = HP Restore
|eff_att2        = HP Restore Percent
|eff_att3        = HP Restore Fixed
|quality         = 1
|base            = Dry-Braised Salted Fish
|character       = Kaedehara Kazuha
}}
{{Lang|'''All-Weather Beauty'''|ja=雨奇晴好|ja_rm=Uki-Seikou}} is a [[Special Dish]] that the player has a chance to obtain by cooking [[Dry-Braised Salted Fish]] with [[Kaedehara Kazuha]]. The [[Dry-Braised Salted Fish|recipe]] for Dry-Braised Salted Fish is obtainable from [[Ryouko]] in [[Ritou]] for 1250 [[Mora]].

All-Weather Beauty restores '''16'''% of Max HP and an additional '''1350''' HP to selected character. Like most foods, this has no effect for other players in [[Co-Op Mode]].

==Recipe==
{{Recipe
|type = Cooking
|character = Kazuha
|Fish = 1
|Salt = 1
|sort = Fish;Salt
}}

==Trivia==
* {{Mail Attachments by Category List}}
* Considering its description and the autumn-themed design of Kaedehara Kazuha, the fish used in this dish may be {{w|Pacific saury}}, or {{Lang|''sanma''|ja=秋刀魚}} in Japanese, whose kanji literally means "autumn katana fish," describing its sharp sword-like shape.
** The white garnish next to the fish is probably grated {{w|daikon radish}}, a popular condiment for grilled Pacific saury.
** As the description says, in those days, Pacific saury was regarded as ordinary, cheap fish for low class people, notwithstanding that it is now savored as a symbol of autumn in Japan. The fact that Kazuha cooks this fish despite he being from once a famed samurai clan may represent his open-minded nature.
*Despite Kazuha being released on version [[Version/1.6|1.6]], this food, his specialty, was released on version [[Version/2.0|2.0]], because the recipe for Dry-Braised Salted Fish was sold in Inazuma.

===Etymology===
* Its Japanese name {{Lang|Uki-Seikou|ja=雨奇晴好|ja_lit=Rainy Days Are Wonderful, Sunny Days Are Pleasant}} is an idiom that refers to natural scenery on which every weather has its own beauty. It comes from the Chinese poem {{Lang|''Drinking on the Lake As It Clears Then Rains: Two Poems''|zh=饮湖上初晴后雨二首}}, written in 1073 by the Chinese writer and politician {{w|Su Shi}}.
** Su Shi is also known for being associated with {{w|Dongpo pork}}, which appears as [[Tianshu Meat]] in this game.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = All-Weather Beauty
|zhs     = 雨奇晴好
|zhs_rm  = Yǔ Qí Qíng Hǎo
|zht     = 雨奇晴好
|zht_rm  = Yǔ Qí Qíng Hǎo
|zh_tl   = Rainy Days Are Wonderful, Sunny Days Are Pleasant
|ja      = 雨奇晴好
|ja_rm   = Uki-Seikou
|ja_tl   = Rainy Days Are Wonderful, Sunny Days Are Pleasant
|ko      = {{tt|우기청호|雨奇晴好}}
|ko_tl   = Rainy Days Are Wonderful, Sunny Days Are Pleasant
|es      = Belleza multiclima
|es_tl   = Multiweather Beauty
|fr      = Beauté de tout temps
|fr_tl   = All-Weather Beauty
|ru      = Всепогодная красота
|ru_tl   = All-Weather Beauty
|th      = All-Weather Beauty
|vi      = Tuyệt Tác Thế Gian
|vi_tl   = World's Masterpiece
|de      = Allwetter-Schönheit
|de_tl   = All-Weather Beauty
|id      = All-Weather Beauty
|pt      = Beleza de Todo Clima
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Dört Mevsimin Güzeli
|tr_tl   = Four Seasons' Beauty
|it      = Bellezza sempreverde
|it_tl   = Evergreen Beauty
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Food Navbox|type=Special Dishes}}

[[es:Belleza multiclima]]
[[fr:Beauté de tout temps]]
[[ja:雨奇晴好]]
[[pt-br:Beleza de Todo Clima]]
[[ru:Всепогодная красота]]
[[th:All-Weather Beauty]]
[[tr:Dört Mevsimin Güzeli]]
[[uk:Всепогодна краса]]
[[vi:Tuyệt Tác Thế Gian]]
[[zh:雨奇晴好]]