{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Lore
}}
'''Allogenes''', or the titular ''Genshin'' (see the [[#Etymology|Etymology section]]), are humans who possess [[Visions]] and can therefore become a god and ascend to [[Celestia]].<ref name="ending note">{{Ref/Quest|Ending Note|quote='''Venti:''' As I said before, Vision wielders are known as allogenes and may ascend to Celestia.}}</ref>

==Overview==
While the existence of Vision-wielders is recognized as part of daily life among the people of [[Teyvat]], referring to them as "allogenes" is unheard of and is a secret only privy to the gods. [[Venti]] introduces the term to the [[Traveler]] at [[Windrise]] by the oak tree where [[Vennessa]] is said to have ascended.<ref name="ending note" /> While [[The Seven]] are privy to the secrets behind Visions, they have no direct control over who receives Visions.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Raiden Shogun|About the Vision}}</ref>

It is unknown whether being an allogene is a requirement for ascending to Celestia, or whether that simply raises their likelihood of ascending. Vennessa is said to have ascended at the end of her life, but none of the known legends about her mention a Vision. Neither [[Guhua]]<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Rainslasher|Lore}}</ref> nor [[Kunwu]],<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Kunwu's Iris Rift}}</ref> who are believed to have ascended and become [[adepti]], are known to have Visions either. It is also unknown if allogenes who [[Vision#Losing a Vision|give up or lose their Visions]] are less likely to ascend to Celestia.

When an allogene dies, their Vision loses power, its glow disappearing and leaving a [[Vision#Masterless Visions|glassy gem]]. Sometimes, these inactive Visions will resonate with a new person and become active again. For this reason, they are a commodity sought by the wealthy<ref>{{Ref/CS|Ningguang|Vision}}</ref> and are valuable enough to be an enticing prize.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Path Through the Storm}}</ref> They may resonate with a new person permanently, as in the cases of [[Ningguang]] and [[Mona]],<ref>{{Ref/CS|Mona|Vision}}</ref> or they may resonate with a new person only temporarily, as in the case of [[Kazuha]] with the Masterless Vision of [[Kazuha's Friend|his friend]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Omnipresent God}}</ref> In Kazuha's case, it is suggested that the Masterless Vision reactivated when Kazuha momentarily resonated with his friend's ambition to "brave the lightning's glow"<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Follow the Wind}}</ref> as he moved to stop the [[Raiden Shogun]] from executing the [[Traveler]] with [[Musou no Hitotachi]]. After Kazuha succeeds in doing so, the reawakened Electro Vision stops resonating with him and reverts to a Masterless Vision. It might also have instead been because Kazuha already had a Vision, and that it is somehow impossible to permanently own more than one Vision at once.{{cite}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* In Gnosticism, {{w|Allogenes}} is a half-human, half-divine figure or "Demi god" who, in some stories, becomes fully divine.
* The Chinese, Japanese, Korean and Vietnamese term for allogene is {{zh|原神}}, which is also the game's title. It translates to "primordial god" or "original god."
** Notably, the [[Primordial One]] and [[Primogem]]s both use {{zh|原|tl=original, primordial}} in their names.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Allogene
|zhs     = 原神
|zhs_rm  = Yuánshén
|zht     = 原神
|zht_rm  = Yuánshén
|zh_tl   = Primordial God
|ja      = {{Rubi|原|げん|神|しん}}
|ja_rm   = Genshin
|ja_tl   = Original God
|ko      = {{tt|원신|原神}}
|ko_rm   = Wonsin
|ko_tl   = Original God
|es      = Arconte Primordial
|es_tl   = Primordial Archon
|fr      = Dieu primordial
|fr_tl   = Primordial God
|ru      = Бог Истоков
|ru_tl   = God of Origins
|th      = เทพเจ้าดั้งเดิม
|th_rm   = Thepchao dangdoem
|th_tl   = Original God
|vi      = {{tt|Nguyên Thần|原神}}
|vi_tl   = Original God
|de      = Urgott
|de_tl   = Ur-God
|id      = Allogene
|pt      = Arconte Primordial
|pt_tl   = Primordial Archon
|tr      = Köken Tanrı
|tr_tl   = Origin God
|it      = Allogene
|it_tl   = Allogeneic
|it_note = "Allogeno" refers to a minority of a group of people.
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|World}}

[[id:Allogenes]]