{{About|the [[Event Quest]]|the [[Version 3.4]] [[Event]]|Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72730
|image         = Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl!.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl
|chapter       = 
|act           = 
|actNum        = 
|part          = 
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Akira; Arataki Itto; Elyctra; Grandmaster Hanakado; Mamoru; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|next          = The Beetle Battles Will Never End!
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl]] Event.
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Adventurers' Guild]]
# Listen in on the [[Arataki Gang]]'s discussion
# Head to the grounds where the "Extreme Beetle Brawl" will take place
# Talk to [[Elyctra]]
# Talk to [[Arataki Itto]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You and Paimon have been feeling pretty good recently, so you're thinking about taking on some more commissions from the Adventurers' Guild! Little did you expect, however, to run into some Arataki Gang members openly scheming nearby...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(On obtaining quest)
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've been on a hot streak lately, haven't we? Let's grab some new commissions to keep our momentum up!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Off to the Adventurers' Guild we go, {{Traveler}}. Who knows, maybe Katheryne already has something lined up.

;(Approach Katheryne in Inazuma City)
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' C'mon, Boss, you can't just let this one slide!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 mamoru 02.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' You've painstakingly built up a reputation as the "Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King." You can't let that brat get away scot-free!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Yeah! That little punk must have used some underhanded trick to catch you off guard, I just know it!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, hey, chill, boys, chill. Relax!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I just underestimated my opponent. And can you blame me, with how boring the kid looked? So yeah, no worries, that fight didn't count!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Anyway, enough about that. We're gonna stick to the plan, alright? The "Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl" is going ahead. Then, we'll bring out "Crimson Staff." Y'know, the one I've been training for years!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Just imagine it. The whole audience cheering me on as Crimson Staff gets ready to crush its opponent...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That kiddo will be trembling with fear. No tricks this time, no sir &mdash; just an easy win for Itto! Ahahahahahaha!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 mamoru 03.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Alright, boss, way to go!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 akira 02.ogg}} '''Akira:''' But we don't know when [[Kuki Shinobu|Shinobu]]'s coming back. Where do we even start with organizing the Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 akira 03.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Based on our experience with [[the Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival]], we'll need to register the event with the [[Tenryou Commission]] and obtain a permit... and I think we also need proof of a venue rental.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 akira 04.ogg}} '''Akira:''' We're going to need to pay for all of that stuff somehow. If we want the Extreme Brawl to be even more extravagant than the Drumalong Festival, we'll need to spend at least three times the Mora...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Stop, stop, stop! We don't say "Tenryou Commission," out loud, okay? It gives me migraines!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So we need some funds, huh... Easy &mdash; just need to tweak our three-day weekend policy. As well as our one-day week policy. Let's work flat out and do two days on, four days off! That way, we work an extra four days between us, which means we'll earn four times as much. We'll be raking in the Mora!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 akira 05.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Amazing, Boss! Then all we need to figure out is how to make up the numbers for our team! And it doesn't matter who we pick, because you're practically a one-man army!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 mamoru 04.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' ...Shoot, that's right! That brat said that he'll be bringing five of his top guys to fight us fair and square. But Boss, you're the only one in our gang who's any good at beetle fighting...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 mamoru 05.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' If they come at you in waves, you're gonna have a hard time no matter how good you are!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Come on, you two! It's a little early to be getting cold feet. You're thinking too many steps ahead.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Where's your Arataki Gang attitude? Come on, I'll find a way to deal with this, easy-peasy lavender-melon-squeezy!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Maybe I can hit up my usual beetle-fighting crowd... Or maybe I can visit [[Naganohara Fireworks]] and see if I can rope that [[Yoimiya|gal]] into it...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' ...Scratch that. If I did that, then news of me losing to that brat would spread around [[Hanamizaka]]! Ugh. My reputation would never recover...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' True! So, Bull-Chucker, what are you up to this time?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Gah! You scared me! When'd you get here?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seriously? We've been standing here for ages!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We were heading to the Adventurers' Guild, but then we saw you causing a commotion and talking about your next hair-brained event idea...
<!-- Somehow only the second option showed up. Maybe the first one is conditional. --><!-- same -->
:{{DIcon}} "Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King"?
:{{DIcon}} "Extraordinary and Exhilarating Beetle Battle Brawl"?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, hey, hey! Don't forget the "Extreme" part. Can't do without the coolest bit of the name, y'know?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Compadre, you'll understand my passion for beetle fighting eventually. You just need more practice!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh, so you're looking for a way to recover your pride after a humiliating defeat, are you?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What? No! Come on, it's not like that! I was ambushed! Ambushed, I'm tellin' ya!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 mamoru 06.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' That's right. Some poser calling himself "Grandmaster Hanakado" challenged the Boss in a brief moment of exhaustion after an intense beetle battling session.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 mamoru 07.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' He used a ridiculously huge Onikabuto and flipped Boss's beetle over in a matter of seconds.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 mamoru 08.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' And then he said something like, "Welcome to the world of real beetle-fighters"...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' {{sic|Mamoeu}}, Mamoru! Easy on the details, my dude!
:{{DIcon}} I think I understand the situation now...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Anyway, compadre, I've heard that you're talented at pretty much everything. You pick up new skills almost instantly, and before you know it, you're a pro...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon knows what you're going to say next, Bull-Chucker!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're going to ask us to avenge you and defeat that "Grandmaster Hanakado" for free, aren't you?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 18.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' For free? Flying Lavender Melon, do you really think that I, Arataki Itto, have no code of honor?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 19.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Listen, compadre. If you do this for me, I'll buy you both lunch for the next two months. One bowl of signature ramen every day for two whole months! How's that sound?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' One bowl every day? Ooh, now that's an offer worth considering...
:{{DIcon}} Why are you being so generous?
:{{DIcon}} Did you finally land a lucrative gig?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 akira 06.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Hahaha! That's the result of Boss's hard-won victory.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 akira 07.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Some little phony was going around calling himself the "Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King," and Boss couldn't put up with that. So Boss challenged him and said whoever wins gets the title.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 akira 08.ogg}} '''Akira:''' After 92 brutal rounds of beetle-battling that lasted one full day and night, the Boss finally emerged victorious!
:{{DIcon}} Why do I get the feeling that...
:{{DIcon}} ...His opponent simply ran out of patience?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 mamoru 09.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' But the kid offered Boss a "One Free Bowl of Ramen Daily" coupon from his family's ramen stall in exchange for giving the title back in two months.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 mamoru 10.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' We don't know how good his family's ramen is, but the sheer quantity being offered made it too good to refuse.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 mamoru 11.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Besides, Boss's beetle-fighting techniques are improving so fast that he'll easily have won a more impressive title by two months from now. It's a great deal!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 mamoru 12.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' The only slight snag is, we forgot to ask him where the ramen stall is...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 20.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ahem! Shh! Shh! Don't sweat the details! Anyway, compadre, Flying Lavender Melon, that's my offer! All that ramen, just for you!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait! We haven't agreed yet!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 21.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I've already challenged this "Grandmaster" kid, and he accepted. He's going to bring some reinforcements with him to face off against us.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 22.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' As for the venue, I think I have an idea. But first, compadre, Imma need you to do me a solid and sort out all the pesky paperwork at the Tenryou Commission!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 itto 23.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Sound good? Good. Alright then, my compadre and melon duo, let's hop to it!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sheesh. Itto sure seems excited about all this. Guess there's no backing out now, huh... We might as well go along with this.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We just have to learn how to beetle fight and help him beat his opponents, right? Sounds simple enough!
:{{DIcon}} Signature ramen, here we come!
:{{DIcon}} We'll be pro-nikabutos in no time!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, listen to you! Is Bull-Chucker's childishness really that infectious? Because one Itto is more than enough!
:{{Black Screen|After dealing with the Tenryou Commission's pesky paperwork, you head to the venue that Itto mentioned...}}
----
;(Approach Itto)
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Not bad! Mamoru and Akira have delivered the goods. Let's start setting this baby up!
:{{Black Screen|The highly experienced construction crew builds the arena...}}
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahahahahaha! Now this is what I call an arena! Lookin' prett-ay good!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Boo yeah, compadre! I didn't know you were so handy with this kind of thing!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And this awesome poster I made is the cherry on top! It captures the mood perfectly! Ahahahahahaha!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Great carpentry, {{Traveler}}! And great artwork, Boss!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This place seems pretty far from Inazuma City. You sure anyone's gonna show up to watch?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You bet they will! When you're as famous as I am, people will flock to watch you!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I heard this is the spot where they held the sword-fighting contest during the [[Irodori Festival]]. That makes this the ideal venue for Onikabuto duels!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Next up, time to show you my invincible Onikabuto, "Crimson Staff."
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it really is a red Onikabuto! Amazing!
:{{DIcon}} It's as if it's imbued with Pyro...
:{{DIcon}} It sure does have a unique aura...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh. Paimon didn't expect you to put in this much effort. Where did you find this Onikabuto, anyway?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can Paimon take a closer look?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Haha! Go ahead, feast your eyes! But I'm afraid I can't tell you what makes Crimson Staff such a special specimen. That's my little secret!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? That smells so familiar, what is that... wait, [[Valberry]] Jam?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What! You're imagining things! You must be, like, super hungry, or something!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Speaking of which, Boss, you haven't applied a protective coating on top of the war paint yet, right? If it rains, then the 9,000 Mora we spent on the imported jam is gonna go to waste...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Don't worry! The "Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl" hasn't started yet. There's still time to give Crimson Staff one last layer of protective coating.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Alright, you guys go grab some flyers and start bringing in the crowds. In the meantime, I'll be helping my compadre and Flying Lavender Melon here get up to speed.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' After that, we'll celebrate over a meal. Ah, so much going on, I've really got my work cut out for me today, whew...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 hanakadogyokushou 01.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' This your venue? Not bad... bigger than I expected.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 akira 02.ogg}} '''Akira:''' It's [[Grandmaster Hanakado]]! He's here!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Wait, what? You're not supposed to know about this place yet!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 hanakadogyokushou 02.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Aren't you forgetting something, Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King? We elite beetle fighters can sense each other's presence... or how else would we have crossed paths last time?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 hanakadogyokushou 03.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Looks to me like you're still busy frantically preparing... is that because you don't have a clue how to beat us?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Pff! N&mdash;No...! Uh... In case you didn't know, me and my Onikabuto gotta get our brainwaves in sync before a battle, and until we're ready to roll, I always conserve my energy and keep a low profile!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I just underestimated the strength of your beetle-battler sixth sense is all!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? So that's the kid Itto lost to? Yeah, he does look pretty normal...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But the way he talks is pretty unique. It almost feels like... he was born to be Bull-Chucker's archnemesis!
:{{DIcon}} Actually, I reckon they get along pretty well...
:{{DIcon}} We should let them catch up for a bit first...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Grandmaster Hanakado! You did well to track me down, I'm impressed. Looks like this Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King needs to watch out for pretenders to the throne.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But you're about to regret showing up here uninvited, because you have just earned yourselves a pre-beetle-brawl trouncing!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 hanakadogyokushou 04.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Good, you seem more confident this time. And it sounds like you actually have a game plan.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 hanakadogyokushou 05.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' But if I crushed you right away, I'd miss out on all the fun... so, I'll let my subordinates play with you first.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 18.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hmph! Using your minions to size up the competition now?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 19.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Then we'll send out Flying Lavender...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 20.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ahem! Nope, if Flying Lavender Melon's representing the Arataki Gang, we gotta rise to the occasion! We'll need a better title...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 21.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Got it, we'll send Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon out to teach you a lesson!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? Why Paimon?
:{{DIcon}} Will it be a Speed-Type Paimon?
:{{DIcon}} Or a Defense-Type Paimon?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 akira 03.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Boss! Are we seriously going to fight them right now?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 mamoru 02.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' We haven't had time to spread the news about the match yet. Also, your compadre and your compadre's melon haven't even tried beetle fighting before.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 22.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You make a good point! But the fact is, the kid's here now, and I ain't about to back down! We'll have to put the publicity side of things on hold for now.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 23.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' As for beetle-fighting techniques, I'll be mentoring Flying Lavender Melon... No, no, Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon, from the side! Battling's the best way to learn! Doesn't matter if you lose!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Why are you assuming that Paimon will lose before it's even started?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 24.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Go, White-Iron Lavender Melon! Show 'em the might of the Arataki Gang!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 25.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Sending you out first is part of my elaborate strategy, y'know! I got my inspiration from a Liyue tale that Shinobu told me!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 26.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' "Face their strongest with your weakest, their weakest with your average, and their average with your strongest. Then you're guaranteed to win two out of three rounds!"
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 27.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You may be talented, but you lack practical battle experience. With all the elite beetle battlers here, I'm afraid to say you're a small fry.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 28.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' By sending a dopey little melon up first, we can get one of their best fighters to waste all their strength on the low-flying fruit, hahaha! We'll make short work of them this time!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um. But according to your logic, if you're planning to face their leader, Grandmaster Hanakado... doesn't that make YOU our weakest fighter?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 29.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh!? That can't be right...
:;(Akira and Mamoru nod, then shake their heads)
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 itto 30.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Gah... you little twerp! I never said my strategy was EXACTLY the same as the one in the story!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fine, fine, fine, Paimon'll do it already. But prepare to eat your words, mister!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Low-flying fruit, hm? Paimon'll show you!

;(Approach Elyctra)
:{{A|vo gdceq001 3 denkishoushi 01.ogg}} '''Elyctra:''' What a puny opponent... And what a garish Onikabuto...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 3 denkishoushi 02.ogg}} '''Elyctra:''' Pathetic! You can paint your Onikabuto any color you want... the only thing that counts in battle is their Electro affinity &mdash; the source of their power.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 3 denkishoushi 03.ogg}} '''Elyctra:''' Being able to pick out a prize Onikabuto from the crowd is all that matters. That's what makes or breaks every beetle-fighter!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's a strange theory... Even Paimon knows that performance in battle matters the most. Honing your beetle-fighting skills is the most important thing!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 3 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's exactly right, mini melon!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 3 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Nice-sounding theory, but it ain't gonna help you if you don't know how to fight!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 3 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Listen up, White-Iron Lavender Melon. You need to watch your opponent's Onikabuto closely, so you can dodge its attacks. Then, in the opening right afterward, you strike back!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 3 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' As long as the opponent is in range, Crimson Staff will hit 'em hard!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got it! So when the opponent attacks, we get our Onikabuto to retreat, and when there's an opening, we move it forward and strike while they're still recovering!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds simple enough. Paimon will give it a go! {{Traveler}} heard the explanation too, so Paimon bets we're both ready for battle!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 3 denkishoushi 05.ogg}} '''Elyctra:''' Are you seriously learning beetle fighting right before a match? You underestimate who you're up against!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 3 denkishoushi 04.ogg}} '''Elyctra:''' Enough talk. Put your Onikabuto on the table and show me what you've got!
:{{Black Screen|The Beetle Brawl is about to begin...}}
----
;(Win Little Lavender Melon's Debut Match)
:{{Black Screen|The winner has been decided. The duel is over...}}
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, piece of cake! You don't mess with this White-Iron Lavender Melon!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 akira 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru and Akira:''' Amazing, mini melon!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Whoa! Who-ho-ho-hoa! Pretty talented, ain'cha? You sure showed them who's boss!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You, my little friend, have earned yourself an [[Egg Roll]] later today.
:{{DIcon}} You're so strong, Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} Your opponent was weak!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 denkishoushi 01.ogg}} '''Elyctra:''' Ah, "Grandmaster Hanakado," I lost to a complete novice... I have let you down!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 hanakadogyokushou 01.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Don't worry. It seems that they are a force to be reckoned with... We should inform the other generals to prepare for battle.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 hanakadogyokushou 02.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' You defy my expectations once again, Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King... I didn't expect you to find such formidable warriors so quickly.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 hanakadogyokushou 03.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' From today onward, I will send one of my generals here daily to face you.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 hanakadogyokushou 04.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Be sure that you survive until the final battle. Otherwise, your declaration of war will become the laughingstock of the entire beetle-fighting world.
:;(Elyctra and Grandmaster Hanakado leave)
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Wait just a minute. Leaving so soon? What are you, scared?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Gah, he's so annoying. Turning up here uninvited, talking to us in that smug tone, then taking off before we're done with him...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' From what Grandmaster Hanakado said, seems like he's gonna send some of his minions to challenge us. Guess we'll have another battle before too long, huh?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's right. Looks like we won't have time to make the Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl the grandest event ever organized by the Arataki Gang...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Meh, works for me! An audience would've been sweet, but at the end of the day, we came here to battle, and battling is what we're gonna do!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Look at you, Flying... ahem! Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon... defeating your first powerful enemy, starting to make a name for yourself as a fighter... Really gets me into the fighting spirit!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Gets me thinking about myself, back in the day, when I first entered the Hanamizaka beetle-battling scene... taking on the pros for the first time...
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure you had your fighting spirit...
:{{DIcon}} ...But you didn't exactly make a name for yourself back then, did you?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, so did you also take down an expert when you first started, Bull-Chucker?
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 akira 02.ogg}} '''Akira:''' The Boss got brutally beaten...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' I think Boss is saying he was inspired by White-Iron Lavender Melon's performance because he himself was defeated back in the day.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' C'mon, that's all in the past now! Spilled milk! Water under the bridge!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' It's up to the three of us now. Me, the Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King, Paimon, the Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon, and {{Traveler}}, the... the Oni King's Right Hand!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The three of us have to unite to take down Grandmaster Hanakado and all his minions!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Before we face each opponent, we need to talk strategy. As long as we win more matches than we lose, Grandmaster Hanakado will have to face me personally!
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bull-Chucker seems to be taking this all pretty seriously...
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, that beetle fight was pretty fun, and we do get two months' worth of free ramen if we help him win this. Let's go along with it and do our best!
:{{DIcon}} You still haven't seen me in action.
:{{DIcon}} I want to show my stuff too.
:{{A|vo gdceq001 4 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahahahahaha! That's what I'm talkin' about! Just follow my lead and give your all in battle. Grandmaster Hanakado's about to get more than he bargained for!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl!
|zhs      = 荒泷极意堂堂斗虫大试合！
|zhs_rm   = Huānglóng Jíyì Tángtáng Dòuchóng Dà-shìhé!
|zht      = 荒瀧極意堂堂鬥蟲大試合！
|zht_rm   = Huānglóng Jíyì Tángtáng Dòuchóng Dà-shìhé!
|zh_tl    = Arataki's Essential Magnificent Big Beetle-Battling Game!{{Sino|zh|ja|part=1}}
|ja       = 荒瀧極意堂々虫相撲大試合！
|ja_rm    = Arataki Gokui Doudou Mushizumou Daishiai!
|ja_tl    = Arataki's Essential Magnificent Big Beetle-Battling Game!
|ko       = 아라타키 위풍당당 곤충 대격전!
|ko_tl    = Arataki Majestic Insect Fierce Battle!
|es       = ¡El Sublime y Glorioso Gran Torneo de Escaradiablos de Arataki!
|es_tl    = Arataki's Sublime and Glorious Grand Beetledevil Tournament!
|es_note  = {{es|Escaradiablos}} is a {{w|portmanteau}} of {{es|escarabajo|beetle}} and {{es|diablo|devil.}}
|fr       = L'extraordinaire et exaltante bagarre extrême de scarabées du sublime Arataki !
|fr_tl    = The Sublime Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl!
|ru       = Эпичный бой жуков великолепного Аратаки!
|ru_tl    = Magnificent Arataki Epic Beetle Fight!
|th       = อภิมหาศึกประลองสุดยอดจ้าวแมลงแห่ง Arataki
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Đại Hội Đấu Bọ Arataki Siêu Hoành Tráng!
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Außergewöhnliches Käferduell des allmächtigen Arataki!
|de_tl    = Extraordinary Beetle Duel of the Almighty Arataki
|id       = Lomba Adu Kumbang Arataki yang Paling Seru dan Paling Gila
|id_tl    = The Most Exciting and Craziest Arataki Beetle Fighting Competition
|pt       = Eletrizante e Extraordinária Extrema Batalha de Besouros
|pt_tl    = Thrilling and Extraordinary Extreme Beetle Battle
|tr       = Yüce Arataki Sıra Dışı ve Heyecanlı Böcek Dövüşü!
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Straordinaria, esaltante ed estrema Lotta degli Scarabei di Arataki l'Onnipotente!
|it_tl    = The Almighty Arataki's Extraordinary, Exhilarating and Extreme Beetle Fight!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[pt-br:Eletrizante e Extraordinária Extrema Batalha de Besouros (Missão)]]
[[ru:Эпичный бой жуков великолепного Аратаки!]]