{{EventTabs}}

==Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl!==
{{Transclude|Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl!|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==The Beetle Battles Will Never End!==
{{Transclude|The Beetle Battles Will Never End!|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Challenges==
===I: Mallet the Smasher===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to [[Pain-Grocer]])
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 kairikisanjusan 01.ogg}} '''Pain-Grocer:''' Arataki Gang, I'm here to duel!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, what now? Has Grandmaster Hanakado sent another kid to challenge me?
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Is he running out of people? 'Cause this is some serious bottom-of-the-barrel material.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 kairikisanjusan 02.ogg}} '''Pain-Grocer:''' ...It's not you I'm after.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 kairikisanjusan 03.ogg}} '''Pain-Grocer:''' Empty vessels make the most noise.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 kairikisanjusan 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo gdceq003 1 kairikisanjusan 04b.ogg}} '''Pain-Grocer:''' This {{MC|m=blond guy|f=blonde gal}}, on the other hand, looks like a strong and able warrior. I take it that {{MC|m=he's|f=she's}} the real leader of the Arataki Gang.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 paimon 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo gdceq003 1 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hahaha! Now that's what Paimon calls a good judge of character! Go on, praise {{MC|m=him|f=her}} some more!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, hey! What are you two talking about?
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 itto 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo gdceq003 1 itto 04b.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' My compadre here is strong, for sure, but {{MC|m=he's|f=she's}} just outside help. Make no mistake, there's only ever been one leader of the Arataki Gang, and that is yours truly, Arataki Itto!
:{{DIcon}} So should I be called the Oni King's Temporary Right Hand?
:{{DIcon}} Can't you just let me be the leader for a few days?
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, nice idea! The Arataki Gang may not be the strongest gang in the world, but being a leader would still be pretty cool!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If it's cool with you, Paimon could be called Arataki-for-3-Days-Only Paimon, or Paimon, Temporary Leader of the Arataki Gang!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, hey, hey! Don't let your opponent lead you astray! She's clearly just... just trying to sow discord, yeah! Okay? All part of a nefarious plot to turn us against each other!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Just wait till I defeat her boss! She'll be begging to take back her words!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 kairikisanjusan 05.ogg}} '''Pain-Grocer:''' Don't flatter yourself. I don't care about the Arataki Gang's internal affairs. I just want to battle strong opponents!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 kairikisanjusan 06a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo gdceq003 1 kairikisanjusan 06b.ogg}}--> '''Pain-Grocer:''' Let's see just how good blondie here is at beetle fighting!

;(Select difficulty for "The 'Grocer' Takes Point")
:'''The Beetle Brawl is about to begin...'''

;(Challenge Pain-Grocer for the first time)
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You got this! This'll be a walk in the park for you!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yeah! Remember the tips that White-Iron Lavender Melon and I shared with you previously. Time your moves right and catch her off guard!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 1 kairikisanjusan 07.ogg}} '''Pain-Grocer:''' Dream on! You'll never dodge my moves, 'cause I never miss!

----
;(After defeating the opponent)
:'''The winner has been decided. The duel is over...'''

;(After defeating Mallet the Smasher on Friendly Spar or Honed Will difficulty for the first time)
:'''Pain-Grocer:''' Huh!? It even blocked the strike that could smash a big rock? Unbelievable!

;(After defeating Mallet the Smasher on Fanatic Passion difficulty for the first time)
:'''Pain-Grocer:''' My Onikabuto has done its best. It's a shame that we're not strong enough...

;(Talk to Pain-Grocer again)<!--occurs even if no challenge is completed-->
:'''Pain-Grocer:''' So the rumors of your formidable strength and resilience are true! You are really tough! That was a good fight!
:{{DIcon|BeetleBrawl}} Up for another round?
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' Huh? Are you sure you want to spar with me again? You're so patient!
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' Well, it's my honor then!
:;(Opens difficulty selection screen)
:{{DIcon}} About Grandmaster Hanakado...
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' Why are you asking about Grandmaster Hanakado all of a sudden? You're trying to get some information out from me, aren't you?
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' Well, I'll tell you what I know. He and I are just business partners anyway, so we're not particularly close.
::'''Paimon:''' Business partners? But you two are just kids!
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' So what? I've supplied [[Tsukumomono Groceries]] dozens of times. Like the small trees and rocks I pulled out when catching Onikabuto...
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' The stuff was then made into bonsai trees and rock gardens, and they look pretty impressive when placed in the store! They're sold in limited quantities from time to time, and together with [[Aoi]]'s promotion, it's pretty good business!
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' Aoi praised me and said that the goods I delivered are great, and could even be worth a third of many precious treasures!
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' Grandmaster Hanakado always buys them at high prices, saying that he'll use them to build courtyards and hills in his Onikabuto arena and make a camp for his beetles.
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' So, by helping you and Grandmaster Hanakado in beetle fighting, I'm also helping Aoi's and my own business venture.
::'''Paimon:''' Okay, now Paimon understands where that name came from...
::'''Paimon:''' Anyway, it sounds like Grandmaster Hanakado comes from a very rich family... Could his parents be millionaires in disguise?
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' I don't know much about that. All I know is that every time he buys my goods, I'll earn enough Mora for a few days' worth of Sakura Shrimp Crackers!
::'''Paimon:''' Sakura Shrimp Crackers? That's it? Seems like he isn't so rich after all...
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' Huh? What do you mean? ...You must make a lot of Mora then!
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' Maybe I'll just hand out with you, and you can pay me to be your beetle-battler!
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' Then I'll get to beetle-fight with you every day!
::'''Paimon:''' Money... money isn't that important! Don't get so excited!
::'''Paimon:''' Besides... (Traveler) isn't a beetle fighting professional, so even if you come with us, you won't get too many work opportunities.
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' Is that so? Forget about it then! Anyway... After my bonsai and rock gardens open for sale, don't forget to pay me a visit and buy something!
:{{DIcon}} Until next we meet!
::'''Pain-Grocer:''' See you next time, (Traveler) and Sky-Cleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon! If you don't mind, come and have beetle fights with me again!
{{Dialogue end}}

===II: Triple-Strike Gunblade Mage===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to [[Wizard Moneybags]])
:{{A|vo gdceq003 3 kijutsubanchou 01.ogg}} '''Wizard Moneybags:''' Undisciplined, inelegant, unoriginal, uninspired... and completely uncoordinated.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 3 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, what'cha complaining about? Oh, lemme guess, all your teammates we defeated?
:{{A|vo gdceq003 3 kijutsubanchou 02.ogg}} '''Wizard Moneybags:''' ...
:{{A|vo gdceq003 3 kijutsubanchou 03.ogg}} '''Wizard Moneybags:''' I'm talking about your fighting style.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 3 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh? Have you been hit in the head by a Specter, or something? This ain't some circus show, pal! You wanna know what my style is? Uncheckable strength, unwreckable will, and undefeatable beetles, that's what! I can give you a demonstration &mdash; if you dare.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 3 kijutsubanchou 04.ogg}} '''Wizard Moneybags:''' Ugh, you bring back some bad memories... I do not deal well with loud and obnoxious types like you.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 3 kijutsubanchou 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo gdceq003 3 kijutsubanchou 05b.ogg}} '''Wizard Moneybags:''' Ah, but this {{MC|m=blond fellow|f=blonde lady}} looks like easy pickings... Alright, I'll challenge {{MC|m=him!|f=her!}}
:{{A|vo gdceq003 3 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Pfft! Hahahahahahaha!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 3 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahahaha! Hey, compadre, did you hear what this joker just said? He thinks you're an easy win! So uh, how about you show him a little Arataki Gang hospitality?
:{{DIcon}} Haha, gladly!
:{{DIcon}} Oh nooo~! Please don't bully me...
:{{A|vo gdceq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't get it... These people haven't researched their opponents at all! All they're doing by coming one at a time is contributing to our winning streak.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Grandmaster Hanakado's team members are a real mixed bag! They're no match for us three when it comes to strategy!

;(Select difficulty for "Oppressive Wizardry!")
:'''The Beetle Brawl is about to begin...'''

;(Challenge Wizard Moneybags for the first time)
:{{A|vo gdceq003 3 kijutsubanchou 06.ogg}} '''Wizard Moneybags:''' Beetle battling is a spectator sport. The performance should be visually captivating, even artistic... You, however, don't seem to comprehend that...
:{{A|vo gdceq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeesh, this guy is pretentious. Just relax and enjoy it, for crying out loud! If all you care about is how it looks, it stops being a battle and turns into a show!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 3 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You said it, White-Iron Lavender Melon! Now, time to teach him a lesson, compadre!

----
;(After defeating the opponent)
:'''The winner has been decided. The duel is over...'''

;(After defeating Triple-Strike Gunblade Mage on Friendly Spar or Honed Will difficulty for the first time)
:'''Wizard Moneybags:''' This is not right! No, I can't accept this! You got lucky, that's all!

;(After defeating Triple-Strike Gunblade Mage on Fanatic Passion difficulty for the first time)
:'''Wizard Moneybags:''' Embarrassing, weak, useless! I am but a failure!

;(Talk to Wizard Moneybags again)
:'''Wizard Moneybags:''' Not decisive, nor sharp, nor quick, nor experienced... There's still room for improvement.
:{{DIcon|BeetleBrawl}} Wanna try again?
::'''Wizard Moneybags:''' A rematch, is it?
::'''Wizard Moneybags:''' Hmm... Yes, this seems worth the effort. Let us begin, then!
:;(Opens difficulty selection screen)
:{{DIcon}} About Grandmaster Hanakado...
::'''Wizard Moneybags:''' My benefactor? Sorry, I don't know much about him either.
::'''Wizard Moneybags:''' I only know that he has a keen eye for Onikabuto.
::'''Wizard Moneybags:''' When no one else was interested in my Onikabuto Magic Show Troupe, he was the only one who kept coming to my shows. He even memorized the name of every single Onikabuto.
::'''Wizard Moneybags:''' Though the Mora he gave me was only enough for me to buy two bowls of Unagi Chazuke, he is my biggest and only supporter. I'd help him for free!
::'''Paimon:''' Oh... So you used to actually train Onikabuto to put on shows? No wonder you used so many fancy words just now...
::'''Paimon:''' Well, we'll go watch your Onikabuto show once we finish the beetle brawl!
::'''Wizard Moneybags:''' Haha... I've been barely able to make ends meet for years, so I'm looking for another way out.
::'''Wizard Moneybags:''' If we are fated, you may hear the name "Wizard Moneybags" again years from now.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Wizard Moneybags:''' Well, see you later. I need to really think about how I can improve...
{{Dialogue end}}

===III: Super-Heavy Defensive Formation===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to [[The Cage-Maker]])
:{{A|vo gdceq003 2 kagodukurishi 01.ogg}} '''The Cage-Maker:''' "Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon"! I have come to avenge Elyctra! Prepare your Onikabuto!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 2 kagodukurishi 02.ogg}} '''The Cage-Maker:''' After I defeat you, I'll take down the entire Arataki Gang, one member at a time!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like we've got... an adult this time...? And why's this guy even more excitable than the kids?
:{{DIcon}} There's no need to be afraid, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Just another feather for your cap, Paimon.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 2 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Well, White-Iron Lavender Melon! Looks like this guy's challenging you to a duel &mdash; and there's no backing down from something like that.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 2 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Take Crimson Staff with you and go nuts!

;(Select difficulty for "Cage Counterattack")
:'''The Beetle Brawl is about to begin...'''

;(Challenge The Cage-Maker for the first time)
:{{A|vo gdceq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! Time for Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon's second match!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Why's his Onikabuto so big? Seems kinda unfair...
:{{A|vo gdceq003 2 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Don't you worry! An Onikabuto that's too big is one that's too slow. It's no match for Crimson Staff!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 2 kagodukurishi 03.ogg}} '''The Cage-Maker:''' Your worthless little Onikabuto doesn't stand a chance! Even if you gave it to me for free, it'd be a waste of precious cage space!

----
;(After defeating the opponent)
:'''The winner has been decided. The duel is over...'''

;(After defeating Super-Heavy Defensive Formation on Friendly Spar or Honed Will difficulty for the first time)
:'''The Cage-Maker:''' Ah, what a miscalculation of mine! I never knew you were so good!

;(After defeating Super-Heavy Defensive Formation on Fanatic Passion difficulty for the first time)
:'''The Cage-Maker:''' I see... It's true that the beetle battle's never about strength or age, but talent... I accept my defeat.

;(Talk to The Cage-Maker again)
:'''The Cage-Maker:''' Elyctra... How can I avenge you...
:{{DIcon|BeetleBrawl}} Another round with Paimon?
::'''The Cage-Maker:''' Huh? Are you using me as some kind of free training dummy?
::'''The Cage-Maker:''' How dare you! You're going down this time!
:;(Opens difficulty selection screen)
:{{DIcon}} About Grandmaster Hanakado...
::'''The Cage-Maker:''' Hah! Don't even think about prying Grandmaster Hanakado's secrets out of me!
::'''The Cage-Maker:''' All you need to know is that Grandmaster Hanakado has the ability to let people see the error of their ways, and enable them to appreciate the beauty of beetle fighting!
::'''Paimon:''' "Error of their ways"? You sound so melodramatic...
::'''The Cage-Maker:''' No! At that time, I was obsessed with woodworking, and completely did not consider how to bring the value of my woodworking skills into play.
::'''The Cage-Maker:''' Then I saw my cousin's second cousin's uncle's childhood friend's nephew, Elyctra really get into beetle fighting. And I tried to stop him...
::'''The Cage-Maker:''' Luckily, he brought me to see Grandmaster Hanakado. After listening to his speech, I saw how awesome beetle fighting is, and how naive I was!
::'''The Cage-Maker:''' From then on, I started getting into beetle fighting, and put my lifelong woodworking skills into making insect cages to fully support Elyctra and Grandmaster Hanakado.
::'''The Cage-Maker:''' Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon, you should also listen to Grandmaster Hanakado's speech, and then work for him!
::'''Paimon:''' No way! Paimon is scared just hearing you say those things!
::'''Paimon:''' Don't use such big words. Bull-chuc&mdash;, uhh, Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King's words sound so much better!
::'''The Cage-Maker:''' Ugh, why did I even bother talking to you two? Go then, wallow in your ignorance!
:{{DIcon}} Bye!
::'''The Cage-Maker:''' Off you go!
{{Dialogue end}}

===IV: Whirling Wrecker-Wheel===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to [[Grand Rook Sennichi]])
:{{A|vo gdceq003 4 kenkadaihisha 01.ogg}} '''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' Hey, which one of you's the ringleader? Step up! It's time to fight.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 4 kenkadaihisha 02.ogg}} '''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' I am Grand Rook Sennichi, a giant among giants. Grandmaster Hanakado has demanded the head of the Arataki Gang's leader... and I am here to collect it!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, he looks fierce... And sounds it, too! Seems like we're up against a really strong opponent this time...
:{{A|vo gdceq003 4 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Where do you get off, huh!? And what's the big idea, putting "Grand" in your name? You tryin' to steal my limelight, you little punk?
:{{A|vo gdceq003 4 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Okay, "giant among giants," time to cut you down to size!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 4 kenkadaihisha 03.ogg}} '''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' S&mdash;So tall! And you're... you're an oni!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 4 kenkadaihisha 04.ogg}} '''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' Y&mdash;You look like you could eat me for breakfast! ...Why is a guy like you into beetle-fighting? It's just a kids' game... Argh, what have I gotten myself into!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 4 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Uh, excuse me? "Kids' game"? Oh, you did NOT just say that!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 4 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Seems to me like you don't know the first thing about beetle-fighting. Your misconception begs correctin' by a veteran, my dude!
:{{DIcon}} School him!
:{{DIcon}} This guy's overdue for an attitude adjustment!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Go take him down a notch! You can do it, Bull-Chucker!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 4 kenkadaihisha 05.ogg}} '''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' Looks like this is happening... Fine, bring it on!

;(Select difficulty for "This Battle B(Rook)s No Dishonor!")
:'''The Beetle Brawl is about to begin...'''

;(Challenge Grand Rook Sennichi for the first time)
:{{A|vo gdceq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't look down on beetle fighting, Rookie... whatever-your-name-was! Even Paimon gets why it's fun!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 4 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And it's not just about fun, either! Beetle fighting is about striving to be stronger, and the spirit of competition! If you don't understand that maybe you should find a new hobby!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 4 kenkadaihisha 06.ogg}} '''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' Tsk! I'm being out-trash-talked, this never happens... Too bad for you, though, because talk is cheap!

----
;(After defeating the opponent)
:'''The winner has been decided. The duel is over...'''

;(After defeating Whirling Wrecker-Wheel on Friendly Spar or Honed Will difficulty for the first time)
:'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' Tsk, this is awkward... I can't back down yet!

;(After defeating Whirling Wrecker-Wheel on Fanatic Passion difficulty for the first time)
:'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' What a formidable rival! I admire your enthusiasm and passion, and I accept my defeat!

;(Talk to Grand Rook Sennichi again)
:'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' What the? That Oni is really strong! And he's full of righteous words... How can there be such people in this world?
:{{DIcon|BeetleBrawl}} We're here to teach you a lesson!
::'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' What's the matter? Don't look down on me! If you can't knock that guy down a peg or two, you're definitely no match for me!
:;(Opens difficulty selection screen)
:{{DIcon}} About Grandmaster Hanakado...
::'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' The Grandmaster? Why do you ask?
::'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' You should never mess with him! You can't win him in a debate, and you probably can't defeat him in beetle fighting either.
::'''Paimon:''' "Probably" can't defeat him? Huh, you're sounding a little less arrogant than before. Looks like bull-chucker taught you a little lesson!
::'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' How could you say that? I lost to him, fair and square. I would never be that sore loser who refuses to admit defeat!
::'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' I, Grand Rook Sennichi, was outshone by Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King. Even if he wanted me to change my title from "Grand" to "Puny," I'd have no objection at all!
::'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' And since you're his friends, maybe you can put the Grandmaster in a tough spot in a way I never thought of...
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, that was a very clever thing to say! You don't seem like one of those bone-headed bad guys.
::'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' That's what the Grandmaster taught me.
::'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' I used to go unnoticed, just a punk who got into fights with other people, looking down on this and that...
::'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' The Grandmaster introduced me to this kid's game. He told me that pride and ruthlessness isn't enough. If I can't even win in beetle fighting, it'd mean that I'm less than a child.
::'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' So for a long time, I've been using beetle fighting as a way to prove myself.
::'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' However, you and the Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King showed up. It made me wonder if I had been a little impetuous, and misunderstood the true meaning behind beetle fighting...
::'''Paimon:''' Well, you should think long and hard about that! It's one thing to prove yourself, but it's also important to enjoy the game.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye!
::'''Grand Rook Sennichi:''' Eh... Let's settle this next time!
{{Dialogue end}}

===V: Ironclad Beetle King===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Grandmaster Hanakado)
:{{A|vo gdceq003 5 hanakadogyokushou 01.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Splendid, splendid!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 5 hanakadogyokushou 02.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' I did not expect the Arataki Gang to defeat so many mighty beetle fighters. It seems that you are well-versed in this art.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 5 hanakadogyokushou 03.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' I take back what I once said. You are respectable and worthy opponents, and I must face you as such &mdash; with my full strength!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alrighty! Bull-Chucker, you're our leader. It's your time to shine!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And, uh, don't take what was said earlier seriously!
:{{DIcon}} You're up, Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King!
:{{DIcon}} The King versus the Grandmaster! This will be legendary!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 5 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahahahahaha! Oh, it's on! The final showdown, and my soon-to-be final victory!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 5 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I don't know how you've been leading your crew, but the results speak for themselves: The Arataki Gang rules!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 5 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Grandmaster Hanakado, get ready to battle!

;(Select difficulty for "Showdown! The Grandmaster's All-Out Attack!")
:'''The Beetle Brawl is about to begin...'''

;(Challenge Grandmaster Hanakado for the first time)
:{{A|vo gdceq003 5 hanakadogyokushou 04.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' After many duels, your Crimson Staff has grown in strength... At least, it's far more confident than when it defeated Elyctra.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 5 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh yeah? Hey, you have a good eye for this! Of course, its improvement is mainly thanks to my expert guidance and tuition!

;(Talk to Grandmaster Hanakado or Itto again)<!--if challenge was not completed-->
::'''Paimon:''' Wow, the two of them seem to be still working out the details of beetle fighting, preparing for the next game... They don't even know we're here.
::'''Paimon:''' So, (Traveler)? Why don't we just leave them to it?
::{{DIcon}} Let's watch them fight!
::;(Opens difficulty selection screen)
::{{DIcon}} You're right. Let's go quietly.

----
;(After defeating the opponent)
:'''The winner has been decided. The duel is over...'''

;(After defeating Ironclad Beetle King on Friendly Spar or Honed Will difficulty for the first time)
:'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' I'm impressed! Your tactics are beyond my expectation, but I still have a few extra moves!

;(After defeating Ironclad Beetle King on Fanatic Passion difficulty for the first time)
:'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Hahaha! Good game! We're taking this thing to a whole new level! One more round!

;(Talk to Grandmaster Hanakado after the first win)
:'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Oh, you're still here? Looks like your passion for beetle fighting has fully blossomed...
:{{DIcon|BeetleBrawl}} About your beetle fight with Itto...
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Haha, you guys pick up fast! Let me give you a recap of the highlights of all the fights I've had with the Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King...
:{{DIcon}} Didn't you leave?
::'''Paimon:''' Oh right, didn't you and bull-chucker... Ahem! Didn't you and Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King continue the battle on your home ground?
::'''Paimon:''' How did you sneak back here alone? Did he finally best you?
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Aha! Did you think it was that easy to beat me?
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' When I arrived, Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King had met my grandfather and took a keen interest in how he took care of his Onikabuto.
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' He was chatting eagerly with my grandfather, discussing the beetles' diet and training grounds, and it looked like the conversation was going to take quite a while.
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Letting Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King and his Crimson Staff take a break helps to make our next battle a fair fight, so I came back here to take a look.
::'''Paimon:''' Well... Paimon kind of gets it. The place you mentioned is your home, and your awesome Onikabuto&mdash; they're all taken care of by your grandfather, so they're big and strong, right?
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Yeah, that's about it! But there's more to my game than that, like a little secret that affects the habits of the beetles...
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Come and have a look if you have the chance!
::'''Paimon:''' A secret, huh? Now Paimon really wants to know what it's all about! Paimon promises to drop by next time!
:{{DIcon}} Until next we meet!
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' We'll meet again, Oni King's Right Hand and Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Open-World Interactables==
===Bulletin Board===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Bulletin Board:''' The unparalleled Beetle-battling competition "Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawn" is upon us!
:'''Bulletin Board:''' All are welcome to watch this exciting Beetle showdown on the island to the northwest of Araumi.
:'''Bulletin Board:''' Come and witness the crowning moment of Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King wiping the floor with Grandmaster Hanakado!
{{Dialogue end}}

[[pt-br:Eletrizante e Extraordinária Extrema Batalha de Besouros/História]]
[[ru:Эпичный бой жуков великолепного Аратаки/История]]