{{EventTabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Aloy's Exploration Journal
|image             = Aloy's Exploration Journal.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-10-13 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-10-27 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = 
|link2             = https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/e20211013-aloy/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Aloy
}}
'''Aloy's Exploration Journal''' is an  [[Event]] in [[Version 2.2]].

==Event Period==
October 13, 2021 – October 27, 2021 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Requirements==
[[Adventure Rank]] 20 or above

==Event Description==
During the event, Travelers can follow Aloy's footsteps, peruse her diary entries, and experience her journey through Teyvat firsthand.

===Route===
There are three routes to explore during the event: the wild in Mondstadt, Dragonspine, and the wild in Liyue. The three routes will be unlocked one after another as time goes on.

===Route Unlock Times===
* Mondstadt Wilderness: October 13, 2021 12:00 (UTC+8)
* Dragonspine: October 14, 2021 12:00 (UTC+8)
* Liyue Wilderness: October 15, 2021 12:00 (UTC+8)

Once the route is unlocked, it is open for exploration, and there is no limit to the number of times you can explore.

===Exploration===
Aloy will follow a predetermined path while exploring every route, with each route featuring 2 exploration points and 1 Boss point. In turn, each exploration point has two branching paths.

Complete each exploration point to increase Exploration Progress.

Complete all exploration points and Boss points in turn. When the Exploration Progress reaches 100%, the exploration route will be considered complete.

==Event Rewards==
===Route Exploration Rewards===
Each route has a reward for exploring. After completing all the explorations, Travelers will unlock the reward icon, which they can manually click to obtain the reward.

Complete all route explorations to obtain {{Item|Primogem|20|x=40}} and {{Item|Shivada Jade Fragment|20|x=3}}.

After obtaining the reward, it will be sent directly to Travelers via in-game mail.

===Rewards for Sharing the Event===
The first time you share this page, you will obtain {{Item|Mora|20|x=20,000}}. The reward will be automatically distributed upon completion of sharing.

==Event Tips==
* The Exploration Routes (Mondstadt Wilderness, Dragonspine, and Liyue Wilderness) will be unlocked at set times in order. The remaining time until each route unlocks can be seen in the corresponding interface in real time.
* The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail with a possible 10-minute delay. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
* After the event ends, you can no longer participate in the event and collect unclaimed rewards from the event page.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Aloy's Exploration Journal
|zhs     = 埃洛伊探索日记
|zhs_rm  = Āiluòyī Tànsuǒ Rìjì
|zht     = 亞蘿伊探索日記
|zht_rm  = Yàluóyī Tànsuǒ Rìjì
|ja      = アーロイの探索日記
|ja_rm   = Aaroi no Tansaku Nikki{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 에일로이 {{tt|탐색|探索}} {{tt|일지|日誌}}
|ko_rm   = Eilloi Tamsaek Ilji
|es      = Diario de exploración de Aloy
|fr      = Journal d'exploration d'Aloy
|ru      = Дневник исследований Элой
|th      = บันทึกการสำรวจของ Aloy
|th_rm   = Banthuek Kan Samruat Khong
|vi      = {{tt|Nhật Ký|日記}} {{tt|Thám Hiểm|探險}} Của Aloy
|de      = Aloys Erkundungstagebuch
|id      = Catatan Penjelajahan Aloy
|pt      = Diário de Exploração da Aloy
|tr      = 
|it      = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

[[ja:アーロイの探索日記]]
[[pt-br:Diário de Exploração da Aloy]]