{{Event
|name              = Aloy Adventures in Teyvat - Webccomic Contest
|image             = Aloy Adventures in Teyvat - Webccomic Contest.jpg
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-09-14 01:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-10-20 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.webtoons.com/en/notice/detail?noticeNo=2085
}}
{{Description|Inspired by Aloy's journey into the world of Genshin Impact? Enter the Aloy's Adventures in Teyvat web comic contest for a chance to flex your creative powers and win epic prizes.}}

Calling all comic artists!
PlayStation and WEBTOON invites you to celebrate the arrival of [[Aloy]] from Horizon Zero Dawn into the world of Genshin Impact.

==Event Timeline==
Submissions close at 11:59 PM PDT 10/20/2021
*Top 10 finalists announced and fan voting starts 10/27/2021 (more info to be announced later).
*Final 3 winners announced 11/10/2021.
Email Your Story Today! webcomiccontest@prizelogic.com

==How to Enter==
#Create a short web comic series (maximum 20 panels) of Aloy's adventures in Teyvat.
#Email Your Submission at webcomiccontest@prizelogic.com before the deadline of October 20, 2021.
#*Contest entry must be in a JPG, JPEG or PNG format and the maximum file size for all sliced, resized, and unchanged images is 2MB. You can send up to 20MB.
#Your email submission will be uploaded on WEBTOON CANVAS page and become available for public view.
#Please see Official Rules for complete details and remember to follow CANVAS policy and guidelines.

==Who Can Participate==
*Anyone who loves Genshin Impact, Horizon Zero Dawn and web comics!
*Must be 13 years or older.
*Participants under age 18 must complete and sign Parental Consent Form and email it along with your submission. (Please check the official link)
*Some regions may be excluded.
*For complete details, read the Official Rules.

==Winners==
*The top 10 finalists will be selected based on creativity, quality, and originality.
*The community will have a chance to cast their vote for their favorites by clicking LIKE on the page (which will help us select the final winners).
*The top 3 winners will be announced and featured.

==Prize==
*Exclusive Swag Package by PlayStation & Genshin Impact.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}