{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Aloy
|id             = 368141
|image          = Character Aloy Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Aloy''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
* "Hunting..."
* "Let's head out..."
* "Challenging prey..."
* "This new world..."
* "Traveling..."

When the player is nearby:

* "Hey there..."
* "Now this is new!"

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo aloy mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Hey there, (Traveler). I sure get to see a whole lot of new things traveling with you.
:{{A|vo aloy mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' I gotta say, I'd love to watch [[w:c:horizon:Sylens|Sylens]] try and wrap his head around this, uh... teapot of yours.

:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' If you're asking whether it's a comfortable place to stay, I mean, sure. Of course it is.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' But um... I couldn't really see myself living here for the long term. Sorry.
::{{DIcon}} Is there something wrong with the place?
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' No, nothing's wrong at all, everything's great. Very charming.
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' It's just that I'm more used to camping out in the wilds.
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' I'm sure you know by now &mdash; back where I'm from, not a day goes by without something to watch out for.
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship1 03a 4.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Like giant machines running around all over the place, or hostile tribes that always seem to have it out for you, or evil machines bent on global extinction...
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship1 03a 5.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' To go from a life like that to something so safe... It'll take me some time to adjust, that's all.
::{{DIcon}} You want to go on an adventure?
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Yes! Don't get me wrong, this is a nice place, but I need to get out. If I stick around here too long, my bowstring's gonna snap.
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Next time we head out, I want you to give me the full story on these Ruin Guards I hear you talking about.
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship1 03b 3.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' They sound like my kind of prey. Aim for the glowing part, right?
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship1 03b 4.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' That, plus after you defeat them, you can salvage their components...
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship1 03b 5.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Strange components, sure, and probably not the kind that I could use to modify my gear. Still, they've gotta have their uses, I guess?

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Sure. Something new to share with me?
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' You know, I've heard a lot of stories about you since arriving in this world.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' For example, the time that you helped the knights from Mondstadt to defeat a dragon.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' And the time that you teamed up with the adepti in Liyue to defeat an ancient god from the ocean.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Gods and dragons... Can't believe they really exist here.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' But whatever the crisis may be, you always step forward and join up with those who want to fight back, don't you?
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' It's because of people like you that both cities were able to survive and prevail.
::{{DIcon}} I only made a small contribution...
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' If that's what you call a small contribution, I think it might take saving the whole world to count as a major one.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Seriously, though, if the world ever does need saving, bring me with you.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' I've saved a world once before. I might be able to give you some pointers.
::{{DIcon}} Like "Never save the world on an empty stomach"?
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 12a.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Ha, yeah, that's right. Trying to save the world when you can't stop thinking about food is pretty tough... The end of the world deserves your full, undivided attention.
::{{DIcon}} Like "There's strength in numbers"?
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 12b.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Maybe. But sometimes you need to take the world on your shoulders in order to save it.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Seriously, though. Trying to save the world is exhausting, especially when you're not even sure who's trying to end it.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' The worst part is, once you find out who's responsible, they're always so full of themselves, making out like you're the one in the wrong.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' You can't reason with them. It always comes down to a fight. I guess that's just the way it is.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Of course. I want to go out exploring with you again. Visit new places, see new things.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' On that note, I've been meaning to ask you something. When we've been out on the hunt in the past, I've noticed you've actually got an edge over me.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' How did you learn to hunt like you do? Or rather... who taught you?
::{{DIcon}} I guess I'm self-taught.
::{{DIcon}} Nothing fancy, I'm afraid...
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Ha. And modest about it too. So I guess you started out with natural talent and then worked at it relentlessly.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Plus, you go on all these adventures to hone your skills. That's what's really shaped you into who you are today.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' A lot like me, I guess.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' I started out okay. Then [[w:c:horizon:Rost|Rost]] really trained me up.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' He was a great hunter. And an even better man.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' ...
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' I hope he'd be proud of who I am today.
::{{DIcon}} I'm sure he would be very proud.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Thanks. But to be honest, the only reason I started training in the first place was to win the [[w:c:horizon:Proving|Proving]] and get a boon from the [[w:c:horizon:High Matriarchs|Matriarchs]]. I wanted to know who my parents were.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Back then, I never thought I'd be uniting everyone against an evil machine and its army.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' In fact, I probably would have found the idea of everyone uniting together even more far-fetched than the part about the evil machine.
::{{DIcon}} Nobody knows what the future holds.
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 14a 1.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Yeah. But I actually kind of like that feeling of not knowing.
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 14a 2.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Going out into the world, exploring the unknown, embracing new challenges, that's what I'm used to.
::{{DIcon}} I would love to visit your world.
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 14b 1.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' If you ever do have the chance, you should take it.
:::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 14b 2.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' My world has its troubles. But it's worth seeing. And worth saving.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' But didn't you tell me before that you aren't from this world? You came here as a traveler, too, didn't you?
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 16.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' And you ended up staying to look for your missing sibling, correct?
::{{DIcon}} Yes. I wonder where (he/she) is now...
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 17a.ogg}} {{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 17b.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Don't worry. As long as (he/she) is still in this world, the two of you will meet again.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 18.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' That's if I have a say in the matter. As a fellow outlander, I won't let you do this alone.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 19.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' I'll be ready to help whenever you need me.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 20.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Wherever the hunt leads, I won't turn you down.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 21.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' In the meantime... when you have a moment, tell me more of what you know about this world.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo friendship3 22.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Starting with hilichurls, Abyss Mages, and Geovishap Hatchlings... I still don't know where any of their weak spots are!

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Aloy.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Good morning. The coast looks clear. Don't forget to come get me before you head out.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Evening, Aloy.
::{{A|vo aloy mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Good evening. It's so quiet here, I mean, completely still... That's gonna take me some getting used to.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Iter Ad Astra Abyssosque===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md aloy park 01.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' For a makeshift base, this is well put together. Whoever was responsible clearly knew what they were doing.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md aloy park 02.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' The tents are sensibly positioned in relation to one another, and the fencing shows they were well aware that danger can approach from any direction.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md aloy park 03.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' It's reassuring when you know you can rely on your companions.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Of Hunting and Dancing===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md aloy vineyard 01.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' This camp is interesting. The lodgings and the furniture are crude, but if you look closely, the layout does seem to have an order to it.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md aloy vineyard 02.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' It's tribal. Feels a bit familiar... but different, too.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md aloy vineyard 03.ogg}} '''Aloy:''' Maybe if I stick around long enough, I can learn something from this land.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}