{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 24013
|image         = Commission Alright Iaune Alright.png
|type          = Commission
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage
|npc           = Arouet
|requirement   = Complete the {{Quest|A Certain Stamp}} and {{Achievement|Not Your Average Joe}}
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage]], [[Fontaine]]
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Traveler; Iaune; Arouet; Paimon
}}
'''''Alright, Iaune, Alright''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage]], [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Iaune]]
# Talk to [[Arouet]]
# Brew coffee for Iaune
# Give Iaune the coffee

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Iaune is in the café, sighing...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Iaune)
:'''Iaune:''' *sigh* I don't know why this happened...
:{{DIcon}} Iaune?
:{{DIcon}} Are you on leave today?
:'''Iaune:''' Oh, Traveler, nice to meet you. Are you here for some coffee? I'll treat you to a cup.
:'''Paimon:''' What's wrong? You look terrible. Has someone been forcing you to stay up late again?
:'''Iaune:''' Thanks for your concern. However, this is my own issue this time.
:'''Iaune:''' I've been thinking... About the meaning of my work.
:'''Iaune:''' I've always believed the [[Maison Gestion]] to be a just, efficient, strong organization in which everyone is willing to help each other.
:'''Iaune:''' I believe that under its management, the [[Court of Fontaine]] would see itself develop positively.
:'''Iaune:''' But the way I see it now, it is a ruined mechanical house. Its gears, levers, and apertures are being pulled chaotically... Only its facade remains pristine.
:'''Iaune:''' It only operates because of a series of coincidences and lessons, not precise consideration or design.
:'''Iaune:''' I... I want to do something about it, but I can't. I fear that one mistake on my part will send this house tumbling down.
:'''Iaune:''' Roialte always tells me to relax a bit, since my mistakes cannot make things worse than they already are...
:'''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;That's an odd way of comforting someone...
:'''Iaune:''' *sigh* Sorry, I shouldn't complain. I came out here to get away from all that for a while, after all...
:{{DIcon}} I'll make you a cup of coffee.
:'''Iaune:''' Really? You know how to brew coffee? That's amazing &mdash; I've always wanted to learn, but I can never find the time.
:'''Iaune:''' I'll leave it to you, then. I'll wait here... and with any luck, work won't catch up with me at the café.

;(Talk to Iaune again, optional)
:'''Iaune:''' A mechanical house... Will I eventually become a broken gear within it someday?

;(Talk to Arouet)
:'''Arouet:''' Traveler, have you come to help us out? You're most welcome!
:'''Paimon:''' No, no, we're just here to help a friend make some coffee. He's just... Well...
:{{DIcon}} He's feeling a bit down.
:{{DIcon}} He's feeling the pressure.
:'''Arouet:''' By "a friend," do you mean Iaune &mdash; you know, the fellow sitting over there?
:{{DIcon}} You know him?
:'''Arouet:''' Roialte and I are old friends. He mentioned that a bright, hardworking fellow came to their office recently, and that's Iaune.
:'''Arouet:''' Don't you worry too much about him &mdash; young people who've just started at the Maison Gestion will always find themselves a little dejected at first.
:'''Arouet:''' They'll be fine once they find a place for themselves there.
:'''Paimon:''' You sound very experienced. Why's that?
:'''Arouet:''' Well, I was once a radish planted in the field that is the Maison Gestion, too.
:'''Arouet:''' But I wasn't satisfied with being a mere radish, and so I left my lot and... opened this café some time later.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a lot happened...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a real trove of stories to be told...
:'''Arouet:''' Hahaha, perhaps! But nowadays, I'm just a café owner.
:'''Arouet:''' Alright, weren't you going to make Iaune a cup of coffee? I'll go adjust the device &mdash; come find me once you're ready.

;(Talk to Arouet)
:'''Arouet:''' Well? Ready to make Iaune his cup of coffee?
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready.
::'''Arouet:''' I've prepared all the needed ingredients. They're over there, so you can start brewing any time.
:{{DIcon}} I've got other matters to attend to at the moment...
::'''Arouet:''' Make your preparations, then come find me.

;(Interact with the ingredients on the counter)
:{{DIcon}} (Add ingredients into coffee)
:'''Paimon:''' What should we put into the coffee this time?
:;(Submit {{Item|Marcotte|x=1}}, {{Item|Rainbow Rose|x=1}}, or {{Item|Lumidouce Bell|x=1}})
:'''Paimon:''' That sounds great! Time to start blending, then!
:{{Black Screen|You start brewing coffee...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, that smells good! Now let's hand it to Iaune. Paimon sure hopes it cheers him up!

;(Talk to Iaune)
:'''Iaune:''' Traveler... You really made me that cup of coffee? Um, I... Sorry for troubling you...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry about it.
:{{DIcon}} Just drink up.
:'''Iaune:''' This coffee... It's way better than the stuff provided at the Maison Gestion! In fact, it's in a whole different dimension...
:'''Iaune:''' If this was the coffee I drank every day, I wouldn't spend so much time teetering on the brink of sleep.
:'''Iaune:''' Thanks for the coffee. I'll head back to work once I finish it.
:{{DIcon}} Do your best.
:{{DIcon}} Keep your chin up.
:'''Iaune:''' I will. I need to grow into my work as soon as possible and stand on my own two feet like Roialte does.
:'''Iaune:''' *sigh* I just wonder how many nightmares I'll have to endure before then...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Alright, Iaune, Alright
|zhs     = 好吧，艾尤恩
|zhs_rm  = Hǎo ba, Àiyóu'ēn
|zht     = 好吧，艾尤恩
|zht_rm  = Hǎo ba, Àiyóu'ēn
|zh_tl   = Alright, Iaune
|ja      = 分かったよ、アイオーヌ
|ja_rm   = Wakatta yo, Aioonu
|ja_tl   = I Understand, Iaune
|ko      = 힘내요, 윤
|ko_tl   = Cheer Up, Iaune
|es      = Como quieras, Iaune
|es_tl   = As You Wish, Iaune
|fr      = D'accord, Iaune
|fr_tl   = Alright, Iaune
|ru      = Всё будет хорошо, Айюн
|ru_tl   = Everything Will Be Alright, Iaune
|th      = ก็ได้ Iaune
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Được Rồi, Iaune
|vi_tl   = Alright, Iaune
|de      = Schon gut, Iaune
|de_tl   = Alright, Iaune
|id      = Oke Sip, Iaune
|id_tl   = Okay, Iaune
|pt      = Certo, Iaune. Certo!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Tamam Iaune, Tamam
|tr_tl   = Alright, Iaune, Alright
|it      = Va bene, Iaune, va bene
|it_tl   = Alright, Iaune, Alright
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Fontaine}}

[[vi:Được Rồi, Iaune]]