{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Amber
|id             = 368110
|image          = Character Amber Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Amber''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
*"I feel like running..."
*"Time for a break..."
*"Look at this view..."
*"Tracking..."
*"Outrider..."
When the player is nearby:
*"So good to see you!"
*"Oh, hey there!"

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo ambor mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Oh, hey there, (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo ambor mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It's so good to see you!
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I like it a lot!
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I'm not too fussy about where I stay. After all, as an Outrider, I have to be able to adapt to all kinds of surroundings.
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' If I had to, I could even sleep on a tree branch.
::{{DIcon}} That's some impressive survival skills!
:::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship1 04a.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Y&mdash;You really think so...?
::{{DIcon}} I hope you're more comfortable here than on a tree branch.
:::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hahaha, of course I am!
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Anyway, don't worry, this place is great!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Sure!
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' ...
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Sorry, I'm no good at telling stories. Not like Lisa or my grandfather... They seem to be able to fit a thrilling tale into every conversation.
::{{DIcon}} Haven't you been keeping a journal&mdash;
:::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship2 04a 1.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Huh!? How long have you known about that!?
:::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship2 04a 2.ogg}} '''Amber:''' N&mdash;Not that I've been hiding it from anyone, it's just that... well, you'd be flattered to read some of the entries...
:::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship2 04a 3.ogg}} '''Amber:''' ... But it's still a bit embarrassing to just let someone else read my journal!
:::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship2 04a 4.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hmm... I guess I could pick out some excerpts from my adventures if you're interested.
:::{{DIcon}} Sounds good to me!
::{{DIcon}} I'd like to hear more about your past.
:::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship2 04b 1.ogg}} '''Amber:''' My past...
:::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship2 04b 2.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Uh... I think you might find it a little boring. Besides, in hindsight, let's just say that little Amber was... a bit of a nuisance.
:::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship2 04b 3.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I mean, if you really want to know, I'm happy to tell you about it... but only if you promise you won't laugh at me!
:::{{DIcon}} Sounds good to me!
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Okay! Where do I start...
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Let's have dinner together!
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It doesn't need to be anything sophisticated. I just want to enjoy the feeling of having a meal at home. It's quite different from eating out.
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Restaurants are convenient and all, and you can always trust that the food's gonna be good.
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But you only get that special cozy feeling when you're eating at home, you know?
::{{DIcon}} Yeah, I know what you mean.
:::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship3 05a.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Great! Then what are we waiting for?
::{{DIcon}} Alright, let's do it.
:::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship3 05b.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Really!?
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Right, we'll do some steak, and&mdash; Oh, wait... you must have had my Outrider's Champion Steak a million times already.
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' You know what, it's high time I set myself a new culinary challenge.
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' ...Ooh, and I know just the dish &mdash; today, I'll try my hand at a Sticky Honey Roast!
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Uh... But what if the smoke changes the color of your ceiling...
::{{DIcon}} I was thinking of painting it a new color anyway.
::{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I can help with the cooking.
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hehe, you're so kind to me.
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Get ready for the most delicious meal you've ever eaten! ...Even if it takes me a few hundred times.
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I can't wait...
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Amber.
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Morning, (Traveler)!
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Don't forget, if you ever need an Outrider, just come find me!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Amber.
::{{A|vo ambor mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Good night! Don't stay up too late!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Idyllic Town===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md ambor village 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Newcomers who are learning how to use wind gliders will practice simple exercises in Springvale.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md ambor village 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Most of the buildings in Springvale only have two or three floors, which is an ideal height for those still getting accustomed to gliding.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md ambor village 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' However, please remember to glide legally! The rules also apply here.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Of Hunting and Dancing===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md ambor hillichurl 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' You built such a spacious campsite &mdash; amazing...
:{{A|vo mimitomo md ambor hillichurl 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Can I practice my archery and scouting techniques here?
:{{A|vo mimitomo md ambor hillichurl 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Or maybe we can practice together! Let's compete and see who wins!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[uk:Амбер/Супутник(ця)]]
[[tr:Amber/Konaklama]]
[[pt-br:Amber/Companhia]]
[[ja:アンバー/塵歌壺]]
[[fr:Amber/Sérénithéière]]
[[ru:Эмбер/Компаньон]]