{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Amethyst Crown.png
|set   = Flower of Paradise Lost
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|A crown inlaid with amethyst and emerald. It seems to have been the headgear worn by ancient priests of the [[Goddess of Flowers]].}}
'''Amethyst Crown''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Flower of Paradise Lost]].

==Description==
In a bygone time of which only the [[Jinn]] sing, the Lord of Flowers once met the [[King of the Red Sands]].<br>
In [[Archon War|an age]] where kings vied against one another for power, King Deshret allowed his throne to be shared with two others.

The Jinn bequeathed a throne inlaid with emeralds and rubies to celebrate the union between the [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata|three friends]].<br>
In honor of the eternal oasis and the flourishing [[Padisarah]]s, the Lord of Flowers wore an amethyst crown.

"But 'eternity' is ultimately a lie. Intoxication and love could only grind memories down to broken dreams."<br>
"You once asked me why I always sigh. Tonight, while the moon is bright, let me speak to you of things long past..."

"It was a [[Timeline#The First Era|faraway time]] of calm and peace. [[Angel|Divine envoys]] spoke openly with the people then, bringing them the word from the heavens..."<br>
"But, in time, [[Second Who Came|invaders]] descended from beyond the [[False Sky|firmament]], bringing with them destruction, overturning rivers, spreading plagues..."<br>
"And though the invaders brought war to my [[Angel|former kin]], they also brought about illusions that could break through shackles to the land."<br>
"But the [[Heavenly Principles|master of the heavens]], consumed by fear for the rising tide of delusion and breakthroughs, sent down the [[Celestial Nail|divine nails]] to mend the land, laying waste to the mortal realm..."<br>
"We then suffered the torment of exile. Stripped was our connection to heaven, to our powers of enlightenment..."

"Since the disaster, I have long been cursed to never again look upon the heavens. It is my fortune that I have been able to maintain myself till now..."<br>
"But my home calls to me nigh-constantly, even as a disaster between the stars and the [[abyss]] grows ever emergent on the surface of the crystals."<br>
"Heed my warnings: seek not the [[Heavenly Principles|Master]] of the [[Four Shades]], and inquire not of the mysteries of the sky and the abyss."<br>
"Otherwise, as shown by the nail of retribution, certain calamity and sorrow shall follow."

However, King Deshret disagreed with the warnings of his partner, silently swearing his intent to transgress.<br>
Wiping clean the tears of his companion beneath the moon's gaze, he spoke then of his own desires to the Goddess of Flowers...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Amethyst Crown
|zhs     = 紫晶的花冠
|zhs_rm  = Zǐjīng de Huāguān
|zht     = 紫晶的花冠
|zht_rm  = Zǐjīng de Huāguān
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 紫晶の花冠
|ja_rm   = Shishou no Kakan{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Purple Crystal Wreath
|ko      = 자수정 화관
|ko_tl   = Amethyst Coronet
|es      = Corona de Amatista
|es_tl   = Amethyst Crown
|fr      = Couronne d'améthyste
|fr_tl   = Amethyst Crown
|ru      = Аметистовый венец
|ru_tl   = Amethyst Crown
|th      = Amethyst Crown
|vi      = Vương Miện Tử Tinh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Amethystkrone
|de_tl   = Amethyst Crown
|id      = Amethyst Crown
|pt      = Coroa Ametista
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ametist Taç
|tr_tl   = Amethyst Crown
|it      = Corona d'ametista
|it_tl   = Amethyst Crown
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Flower of Paradise Lost}}

[[fr:Couronne d'améthyste]]
[[ja:紫晶の花冠]]
[[th:Amethyst Crown]]
[[tr:Ametist Taç]]
[[vi:Vương Miện Tử Tinh]]
[[zh:紫晶的花冠]]