{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02008
|image         = Archon Quest C2A2 Amidst Stormy Judgment.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = II
|act           = Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
* Complete [[The Whispers of the Crane and the White Rabbit]]
* Complete [[Dreamlike Timelessness]]
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          = A Flower Blooms in a Prison
|next          = In the Name of the Resistance
|domain        = Amidst Stormy Judgment (Domain)
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*925;Primogem*30;Mora*44,000;Inazuma Shrine of Depths Key*1;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|characters    = Ei; Kamisato Ayaka; Paimon; Raiden Shogun; The Shogun; Taroumaru; Traveler; Thoma; Okawara Goemon<!-- standing by thoma -->;Kinoshita <!-- standing by thoma -->
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|2|2|1}}

==Steps==
# Go to [[Komore Teahouse]] the following day
# Go to the [[Vision Hunt Ceremony]]
# Defeat the [[Raiden Shogun]]
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Amidst Stormy Judgment (Domain)|Amidst Stormy Judgment]]
#* {{Enemy|Ei (Quest Boss)|text=Raiden Shogun &mdash; The Seven: Electro Archon}}
#* This is a scripted fight &mdash; after losing about 15-25% of her health, she will enact the [[Vision Hunt Decree]], preventing the use of [[Elemental Skill]] and [[Elemental Burst]] except for the [[Traveler]]'s. (This does not prematurely end existing effects from Skills and Bursts. All [[Normal Attack]] talents can still be used, including [[Catalyst]] users' Normal Attacks, which still deal elemental damage.) About a minute after this, she will begin divine punishment, ending the fight and entering a cutscene.
#** The icons for Elemental Skills and Bursts for every other character except the Traveler will be replaced with an icon of a thunderbolt inside of an Eye of Stormy Judgement surrounded by two purple chains that revolve around it.
#* The player must survive the fight until the Raiden Shogun administers divine punishment; suffering a party wipeout ends the fight normally, and the player will be teleported to outside the Komore Teahouse and must redo Steps 2 and 3.

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the quest will grant the {{Achievement|To Brave the Lightning's Glow}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Komore Teahouse]] is empty, silent as the grave but for Taroumaru's uneasy barking. You have a bad feeling about this...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon starting or unlocking the quest)
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Inazuma's not such a bad place, Paimon's having a pretty good time! But... we should probably go and see about the "next operation" that Thoma and Ayaka were talking about, right?
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As usual, it's the first stop, Komore Teahouse. Are you ready to head over?
----
;(Enter the teahouse)
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How strange... It's never this quiet here.
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 taroumaru 01.ogg}} '''Taroumaru:''' Woof, woof... woof!
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thoma's playing his ventriloquist game again, huh?
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thoma... Thoma...
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 taroumaru 02.ogg}} '''Taroumaru:''' Woof! Woof! ...Woof!
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, you can come out now... Paimon's seen you already...
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, not a peep... Ugh, so where the heck is he, then?
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 taroumaru 03.ogg}} '''Taroumaru:''' Woof, woof, woof! Woof!
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's got Taroumaru so worked up today? He's always such a good boy...
:;(Ayaka comes running in)
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hello, have either of you seen Thoma?
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, we thought he'd be with you! Why, has something happened?
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Then it as I feared... On the way here, I heard that Thoma had been taken away by the [[Tenryou Commission]].
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I wasn't certain whether it was true, so I came right here. The fact that he hasn't arrived here as we arranged suggests that it is true.
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The Raiden Shogun is holding a Vision Hunt Ceremony at the Statue of the Omnipresent God today, to mark the 100th Vision seized under the decree.
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' And the 100th Vision bearer in question... the one who will have their Vision seized, I fear... is Thoma.
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold up a second... So the ceremony that Thoma said the Tenryou Commission was busy preparing for... that was this Vision Hunt Ceremony? And he was the target all along?
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...I believe so. The shogun and the Tenryou Commission see the ceremony as a milestone. With the 100th Vision, they wish to mark the success of the Vision Hunt Decree to date.
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...This cannot happen. I must go and rescue him!
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 taroumaru 04.ogg}} '''Taroumaru:''' Woof, woof! Woof!
:{{DIcon}} Stay calm.
:{{DIcon}} But you are the Shirasagi Himegimi.
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Like it or not, you represent the whole [[Yashiro Commission]]. So if you go and pull a stunt like that, you're basically declaring you and the Raiden Shogun are enemies now, right?
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And by doing it so publicly, you might be implicating a lot of other people from the Yashiro Commission, too...
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' There is no other option... I must act with haste &mdash; the ceremony is about to begin. I will not abandon Thoma like this.
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' He is my friend! To think that not long ago, we were... all eating hotpot together...
:{{DIcon}} He is my friend, too. I will save him.
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But...
:{{DIcon}} You said it yourself. No time to delay.
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...Okay, I'll... wait here for your return. Get back safely.
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, Ayaka. A friend's life is on the line &mdash; we ain't about to mess this up!

;(Talk to Ayaka again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq009 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Please be careful...

;(Talk to Taroumaru again)
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 taroumaru 01.ogg}} '''Taroumaru:''' Woof, woof... woof!
----
;(Upon arriving at the Statue of the Omnipresent God, a cinematic begins)
{{Cutscene Description|Before all the people, the Vision Hunt Ceremony is about to begin. Thoma, his hands bound on the executioner's block, awaits the Raiden Shogun's arrival to claim his Vision, which shall be inlaid upon the Statue of the Omnipresent God. But just as his Vision is about to depart from him and fly into the Shogun's hand, you intercept it mid-flight, unable to watch this tragedy play out before your eyes. Witnessing your impertinent actions, the Raiden Shogun seems spurred to take action herself. In a flash of light and shadow, all others disappear, and you have been caught in a lonesome, ancient space. The Electro Archon, one of the Seven, raises her sword towards you...}}
<!--In dire need of a better description, and a link to both cutscenes-->
:;(Paimon and the Traveler approach the crowd to see Thoma kneeling on the ground guarded by two Shogunate officers)
:;(Raiden uses Electro powers and Thoma's Vision sparks with electricity and detaches from his waist)
:;(His Vision flies through the air towards Raiden, but is intercepted by the Traveler)
:;(The officers charge at the Traveler, but the Traveler swiftly takes them down and tries to cut Thoma's restraints)
:;(Raiden descends on a staircase of Electro platforms)
:'''Raiden Shogun:''' Capable of using elemental energy without a Vision...
:'''Raiden Shogun:''' You are an exception, it appears
:'''Raiden Shogun:''' Exceptions... the enemy of Eternity
:;(The Traveler prepares to fight as Raiden draws a sword from her chest)
:'''Raiden Shogun:''' You will be inlaid upon this statue
:;(Raiden slashes the air in front of her causing darkness to engulf the Traveler)
:;(A gravel floor materializes underneath the Traveler and torii raise from the ground)
----
;(Upon the start of the battle, one of the following lines is said)
:{{A|vo monster raidenshogun pole battle 01.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' You are that which is furthest from Eternity. Exceptional.
:{{A|vo monster raidenshogun pole battle 02.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' There is much to verify about you.

;(At around 75% HP)
:The Vision Hunt Decree is in force. Except for the Traveler, characters cannot use Elemental Skills or Bursts...

;(Around 40 seconds later)
:The moment of judgment has arrived. Divine punishment will be administered...

;(A cinematic begins)
{{Cutscene Description|The Electro Archon's might is too great, and it takes but a single slip for her to knock you unconscious. The Raiden Shogun prepares to make an example of you before the crowd, but at that moment, Thoma shakes free of his bonds and hurls a spear at the Shogun, picking you up and fleeing the scene as she splits her attention to block the blow. The Shogun watches coldly as you flee, and chooses not to give chase, instead giving orders for your arrest...}}
:;(The Traveler runs in to attack Raiden, but is struck down by lightning)
:;(The area dissolves away to reveal the city again)
:'''Paimon:''' Wake up, wake up!
:;(Thoma tries to cut through the rope around his hands on a nearby polearm)
:;(Paimon shakes the Traveler in an attempt to wake them up)
:;(Raiden walks up to the Traveler and raises her sword to strike the unconscious Traveler, when Thoma manages to free himself and throws the polearm at her, forcing her to block)
:;(Raiden deflects the attack, sending the Traveler and Paimon back)
:;(Thoma catches the Traveler and picks them up and together escape across a gorge)
:'''Soldier:''' Sh&mdash;Shogun... Who... was that?
:'''Raiden Shogun:''' Seize {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} under the decree
:'''Raiden Shogun:''' Next time, I will strike twice
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Trivia==
* A tied up Thoma is considered an object rather than a proper NPC, he cannot be highlighted with a Vision. He is completely still even when getting close to him during Co-op.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Amidst Stormy Judgment
|zhs     = 在审判的雷鸣声中
|zhs_rm  = Zài Shěnpàn de Léimíngshēng Zhōng
|zht     = 在審判的雷鳴聲中
|zht_rm  = Zài Shěnpàn de Léimíngshēng Zhōng
|zh_tl   = Amidst the Thundering Cry of Judgement
|ja      = 審判の雷鳴の中で
|ja_rm   = Shinpan no Raimei no Naka de
|ja_tl   = Amidst Thundering Verdict
|ko      = 심판의 뇌명 속에서
|ko_rm   = Simpan-ui Noemyeong Sok-eseo
|ko_tl   = In the Thunder of Judgement
|es      = Juicio intempestivo
|es_tl   = Untimely Judgement
|fr      = Au cœur d'un jugement orageux
|fr_tl   = At the Heart of a Stormy Judgment
|ru      = Грозовое правосудие
|ru_tl   = Thunder Judgment
|th      = การพิพากษาท่ามกลางเสียงฟ้าร้อง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Judgement Within the Sound of Thunder
|vi      = Trong Tiếng Sấm Phán Quyết
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Inmitten eines stürmischen Urteils
|de_tl   = Amidst a Stormy Judgement
|id      = Di Tengah Badai Penghakiman
|id_tl   = Amidst Judgment Storm
|pt      = Em Meio a um Julgamento Tempestuoso
|pt_tl   = Amidst Stormy Judgment
|tr      = Hiddetli Yargının Ortasında
|tr_tl   = Amidst Fierce Judgment
|it      = Nel mezzo di un giudizio tempestoso
|it_tl   = Amidst Stormy Judgment
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[es:Juicio intempestivo]]
[[ja:審判の雷鳴の中で]]
[[pt-br:Em Meio a um Julgamento Tempestuoso]]
[[ru:Грозовое правосудие]]
[[vi:Trong Tiếng Sấm Phán Quyết]]