{{Faction Infobox
|image        = Sumeru Akademiya Amurta.png
|region       = Sumeru
|affiliation  = [[Sumeru Akademiya]]
}}
'''Amurta''' is one of the [[Sumeru Akademiya#The Six Darshans|Six Darshans]], the six main schools of [[Sumeru Akademiya]]. Its current sage is [[Naphis]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Trail of the God of Wisdom}}</ref>

It is specialized in biology,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Opening Festivities}}</ref> and includes related disciplines such as ecology and medicine.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Khedive|s=1}}</ref><ref name="WDSD">{{Ref/Quest|Wherefore Did the Spiritstone Descend?}}</ref>

The recognized color is green. The mascot on the school's symbol resembles a Huma bird.

==Overview==
Amurta was the first of the Six Darshans to be created, established by researchers who helped [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] cultivate the rainforest. It remains the largest Darshan to this day.

==Members==
{{Characters by Category List|Amurta|2
|exclude=Naphis
|full_header=[[Naphis]] is the Sage of Amurta.<br>There are '''%PAGES%''' other [[character]]s who are or were part of Amurta
}}

==Trivia ==
* [[Anisa]] is likely a member of this school, as she demonstrates an in-depth knowledge of biology by performing an autopsy on [[Kumi]]'s [[Umibouzu]] friend, being a member of the Oceanographic Society, and is close with [[Khedive]] (a member of Amurta).
* {{Furnishing Mentions}}
===Etymology===
* Like the other Six Darshans, the name {{Lang|"Amurta"|zh=阿弥利多}}<ref name="WDSD" /> is derived from a {{w|Zoroastianism|Zoroastrian}} deity. Amurta is likely named after {{w|Ameretat}} (''Amurdad'' in Middle Persian), a goddess of immortality and plant life.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Amurta
|zhs     = 生论派 / 阿弥利多
|zhs_rm  = Shēnglùn-pài / Ēmílìduō
|zht     = 生論派 / 阿彌利多
|zht_rm  = Shēnglùn-pài / Ēmílìduō
|zh_tl   = School of the Theory of Living Things / Amurta
|ja      = 生論派 / アムリタ
|ja_rm   = Seiron-ha<ref>{{Ref/VO|Tighnari|ティナリ自身について・専攻|ja}}</ref> / Amurita{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = School of the Theory of Living Things{{Sino|ja}} / Amurta
|ko      = 생론<->파 / 아무르타
|ko_tl   = School of the Theory of Living Things{{Sino|ko}} / Amurta
|es      = Escuela de Biología / Amurta
|es_tl   = School of Biology / Amurta
|fr      = Amurta
|ru      = Амурта
|th      = ภาควิชาชีววิทยา / Amurta
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Department of Biology / Amurta
|vi      = Amurta
|de      = Amurta / Lebenskunde
|de_tl   = Amurta / Biology
|de_note = {{de|Lebenskunde}} is the archaic term for "biology," literally "study of life."
|id      = Amurta
|pt      = Amurta
|tr      = Amurta
|it      = Amurta
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.6}}

==References==
{{reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Facultad Amurta]]
[[fr:Amurta]]
[[ja:生論派]]
[[pl:Amurta]]
[[uk:Амурта]]