{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73510
|image         = Event Quest Boiling Over.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Brewing Developments
|characters    = Hajanad; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Ashavan Realm]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ashavan Realm
|subarea       = 
|prev          = Boiling Over!
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3
}}
'''''An Abundant Estimation''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Brewing Developments]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Hajanad]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The testing on the Shock-Boiled Brews is progressing smoothly. It is time to report back to Hajanad...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(On login)
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe! We've been testing the Shock-Boiling Device this whole time. Paimon thinks we've gathered enough data.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go look for Hajanad and tell her about our user experience!

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Hajanad, optional)
:'''Hajanad:''' (Could... Could it be you? The golden-haired outlander and their White High-Intelligence Floating Assistive Unit... I've been saved!)

;(Talk to Hajanad)
:'''Paimon:''' Hajanad, it was a great success. Wanna hear the good news?
:'''Hajanad:''' Hold on a moment. Allow me to sense the Shock-Boiling Device you have on you.
:'''Hajanad:''' Ah, this blazing warmth, this magnetic echo! It is like a chorus of alchemical potions in the flames. Such... such excitement!
:'''Hajanad:''' Impeccable, I say! Using the data you've provided, I'm sure I'll be able to write the most perfect report!
:'''Paimon:''' Really? Paimon didn't sense anything.
:'''Hajanad:''' "White High-Intelligence Floating Assistive Unit," you should read a few... books of late-night Akademiya quotations. It will help enhance your linguistic variety!
:'''Hajanad:''' That way, you will be able to understand many intricate analogies, and both your humor and resistance to stress will increase manifold.
:'''Paimon:''' Nah, Paimon doesn't get what you're saying, and there's no stress anyway. Besides, {{Traveler}}'s not the type to make Paimon do any strange experiments!
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, don't change the subject. We've performed the experiment as we agreed...
:'''Paimon:''' ...So now it's payday!
:'''Hajanad:''' You'll have it, you'll have it! Come on, don't you trust me?
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? This is fifty people's salary? This... kinda feels different from what Paimon expected.
:'''Paimon:''' Err, not that it's too little or anything...
:{{DIcon}} But I wouldn't call that "a large sum of Mora."
:{{DIcon}} There is some discrepancy here, I must confess.
:'''Hajanad:''' Eh? Did the Mora I saved over this half a year not pack enough of a punch for you?
:'''Hajanad:''' Did I underestimate the price that mercenaries can fetch? The daily wage I planned for them was the same as the daily allowance my mentor gave me, though!
:'''Hajanad:''' My new mentor's very generous, too! Now that I'm under her, I can have one Shawarma Wrap every day and still have funds left over!
:'''Hajanad:''' If I bought a bag of flour and picked some Zaytun Peaches outdoors, then grabbed several buckets of river water to cook them into paste, I could even live for two weeks on a single day's funds!
:'''Hajanad:''' Then, the leftover funds can be diverted back into Shock-Boiled Brew research. And that's how I came up with my estimate for mercenary pay!
:{{DIcon}} Your dietary demands are very... modest.
:{{DIcon}} Your views on standards of living are very... precarious.
:'''Paimon:''' Hajanad... How have you even survived up till now? You're practically punishing yourself, the way you live!
:'''Paimon:''' You at least need to eat your fill of Shawarma Wrap to call it a "big meal"! If you only eat paste every day, you'll definitely ruin your health!
:'''Hajanad:''' I know, I know... I already live very well, you know? Some students need to fork out Mora to finish their studies. I was like that before &mdash; now that really was "not having any time to think about food."
:'''Hajanad:''' Now that I have a stipend approved by my mentor, I can eat my fill every day. I consider myself most fortunate, really!
:{{DIcon}} You didn't get it...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's got it! We'll treat you to an awesome meal. That'll show you what real standards are &mdash; not this "just getting by" stuff!
:'''Hajanad:''' No, I couldn't! The commissioned treating the commissioner? To me, that would never do! Thanks for your concern, but there's no need to worry.
:'''Hajanad:''' As long as I continue to make progress and prove my ability, I will definitely make it someday! Constantly thinking of feasting and drinking is not something I should be doing at this stage.
:'''Hajanad:''' Now then, time's a-wasting. I'm going back to write my report!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, then you could also take some fruits and vegetables from us to make up the difference! We often find Sunsettias and Cabbages, so we've definitely got lots to spare in our bag!
:'''Hajanad:''' Hehehe... Hahahah... Ahahahah! I can already see my mentor's jaw going slack at the sight of these discoveries!

:'''Paimon's words may as well be wind between Hajanad's ears. Laughing giddily, she stumbles away...'''

:'''Paimon:''' And there she goes...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon keeps getting the feeling that if she keeps going on like this, she's going to collapse from malnutrition at some point.
:{{DIcon}} Her mentor should notice, I hope.
:{{DIcon}} Let's hope this research maniac doesn't collapse too easily.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah. From how Hajanad put it, her mentor does really value her.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, guess we can only hope that she finishes her research smoothly and secures more funds, so she can live an ordinary life...
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe we'll meet again. Who knows? Maybe we'll get more rewards and less worry about her eating habits next time!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = An Abundant Estimation
|zhs     = 「丰厚」的预算
|zhs_rm  = "Fēnghòu" de Yùsuàn
|zht     = 「豐厚」的預算
|zht_rm  = "Fēnghòu" de Yùsuàn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 「豊富」な予算
|ja_rm   = "Houfu"-na Yosan
|ja_tl   = An "Abundant" Estimation
|ko      = 「넉넉한」 예산
|ko_tl   = "Enough" Budget
|es      = Cálculos abundantes
|es_tl   = Abundant Calculations
|fr      = Budget abondant
|fr_tl   = Abundant Budget
|ru      = «Щедрый» бюджет
|ru_tl   = "Generous" Budget
|th      = งบประมาณ "อื้อซ่า"
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kinh Phí Hậu Hĩnh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = „Großzügiges“ Budget
|de_tl   = "Generous" Budget
|id      = Perhitungan Yang Melimpah
|id_tl   = An Abundant Estimation
|pt      = Cálculos Abundantes
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Verimli Hesaplama
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Una stima troppo ottimista
|it_tl   = A Too Optimistic Estimation
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[es:Cálculos abundantes]]
[[pt-br:Cálculos Abundantes]]
[[ru:«Щедрый» бюджет]]