{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73296
|title         = An Artist Adrift
|image         = World Quest An Artist Adrift Part 3.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Julien; Paimon; Pepper (NPC); Traveler
|startLocation = [[Hills of Barsom]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|subregion     = Girdle of the Sands
|area          = Realm of Farakhkert
|subarea       = Hills of Barsom
|prev          = An Artist Adrift (Part 2)
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Primogem*30;Mora*15,000;Hero's Wit*2}}
'''''An Artist Adrift''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Hills of Barsom]], [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
The quest is obtained automatically after waiting for the [[Daily Reset]] after completing ''[[An Artist Adrift (Part 2)]]''.
# Go to the camp by the water
# Go to the Vourukasha Oasis
# Talk to Julien
# Go to a vantage point with a better view
#* Complete a traversing type [[Time Trial Challenge]].
# Talk to Julien
# Leave the vantage point and keep moving
# Show Julien a special sight
#* Complete the [[Sunyata Flower]] puzzle to advance the quest. Use Sorush to fly through each flower, starting with the flower in the center.
# Talk to Julien

==Gameplay Notes==
* The [["Still-Budding Artistry"]] furnishing can be collected from Julien's camp after [[Daily Reset]].
* Completing the quest grants the {{Ach|A Fascinating Journey}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You agreed to help Julien get on the right path. Time to show him your guiding expertise!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon obtaining the quest)
:'''Paimon:''' We previously agreed to guide Julien, and he should've recovered from his injuries by now, right? Why don't we go see him?
:'''Paimon:''' If he's learned his lesson, he should be waiting for us at the seaside camp, right?

;(Talk to Julien)
:'''Julien:''' Paimon, {{Traveler}}, you're here! Ah, indeed, one needs friends when on a journey outdoors.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, we did agree to show you the way, didn't we? Guiding people around is a walk in the park for us! Even though we'll be walking in a desert...
:'''Paimon:''' But are you sure you want to go back to Fontaine so soon? You made it all the way to Sumeru, after all. There's still so much to see here!
:{{DIcon}} The rainforest has some nice views.
::'''Paimon:''' There's lots of trees and rivers!
:{{DIcon}} The desert has some fascinating sights.
::'''Paimon:''' Sand and ruins as far as your eyes can see!
:'''Julien:''' They all sound really nice, but I feel that... I haven't made proper preparations for travel. This trip might've been a failure, but I suppose I did learn a lesson or two...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, um... In that case, there's also great stuff to see nearby! It would be a pity if you missed them all.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's recommendations are never wrong.
:'''Julien:''' If you insist... I guess it would be rude if I were to refuse.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon's Teyvat's number one guide, so leave the guiding to Paimon! Just remember to keep up.
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' This place is filled with nature's scent! Doesn't it just make you feel like sketching? Doesn't it make you feel inspired?
:{{DIcon}} Now that's a stereotype.
:'''Paimon:''' Um... But it does make Paimon wanna pick up a brush! This place is so full of vitality, and the colors are so vivid...
:{{DIcon}} Ahem.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's sorry... Paimon didn't mean to...
:'''Julien:''' Haha, it's fine. I just see something different, that's all. We can all appreciate beauty, right?
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! Paimon loves this place. It's almost as if it can purify your heart and soul.
:{{DIcon}} Not that you need it, Paimon.
:'''Julien:''' My friends, thank you for showing me such kindness &mdash; even to someone like me, who has failed to tell you the truth from the beginning.
:'''Julien:''' You are both indeed pure of heart.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe... No need to exaggerate so much. Oh, and there are actually more unique sights than this!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's sure you know what she's referring to, {{Traveler}}. Let's show it to Julien as well!

;(Talk to Julien)
:'''Paimon:''' They say that artists will observe their subject from many angles before they start. Is that some sort of... "stereotype"?
:'''Paimon:''' We could have a look around first, and if that fails, we can find a vantage point with a better view!
:'''Julien:''' That sounds like a good idea. I'm ready to set out.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, shall we race to the destination? Are you ready, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go!
::'''Paimon:''' Let's go!
:{{DIcon}} Let's make some preparations first.
::'''Paimon:''' Alright then. Let's go once we're ready!

;(Begin the challenge)
:'''Paimon:''' Pepper should be fine. Julien... Well, try to keep up!
:'''Julien:''' This will be a challenge...

;(Fail the challenge)
:{{Black Screen|Julien cannot keep up. Perhaps you may find him back at the start.}}

;(After completing the challenge)
:'''Julien:''' Phew... I didn't think that drawing was such a taxing thing to do. If I had known that, I would've...
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like that was still a bit much for Julien...
:'''Julien:''' Well, I did just... recover from my injuries... *pants*
:'''Julien:''' But the sights here are truly unique. Indeed, I think it's strange that I never noticed them before...
:'''Paimon:''' The view's pretty good up ahead as well. Let's head over there &mdash; but be careful, okay?

;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Right, as for the special view we mentioned previously, Paimon thinks Julien and Pepper can just watch it from the side!

;(After purifying the flowers)
:'''Paimon:''' How's that? Pretty nice, eh? Pepper also seemed really happy.
:'''Julien:''' Having seen this, I find that words seem superfluous. [[Caterpillar]] was right. There is such a wide world outside my metal box...
:'''Paimon:''' A metal box... You said that you lived in a very small place in Fontaine, didn't you?
:{{DIcon}} Ahem. Sumeru sure does have lots of sights to see, huh?
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, right, that's right! He's already decided to be a proper artist, so let's switch up the scene a bit to... what do they call it... broaden our horizons!
:'''Paimon:''' He might have said that he wants to give up, but Paimon thinks it's still too early for that! There's still time to reconsider...
:'''Paimon:''' Just think about it, Julien! There might be sights just as grand as this, or maybe even grander &mdash; things you've never seen before! Maybe they'll grant you the inspiration you need!
:'''Paimon:''' As for your color recognition, well, you said it yourself! We just "see something different"...
:{{DIcon}} But we can all appreciate beauty.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah!
:'''Julien:''' Yes... Your words do make sense.
:'''Paimon:''' Those were your words!
:'''Julien:''' I... Haha, so I knew it. I knew it after all, but I just kept walking the wrong path...
:'''Paimon:''' We only met because Pepper brought you here, right? So we shouldn't just think of it as the "wrong path"!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, it's a shame that we couldn't help you find the path of the Oceanids' pilgrimage, though...
:{{DIcon}} Does that even exist...
:'''Julien:''' I've always believed it does, but... I think that my ability or lack thereof to find it is unimportant either way.
:'''Julien:''' After all, I've already found the answer I desire.
:'''Julien:''' Thank you, my friends. *sigh* How can I ever show my gratitude?
:'''Julien:''' If only I had bought those [[Marvelous Bird Egg|mysterious bird eggs]]... A mystical item like that, one that can help to ward off ill fortune, would certainly be of more use to adventurers like you.
:{{DIcon}} That does seem like a bit of a pity.
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, do you really believe in something that convenient, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} It's fine, but I don't think it's necessary.
::'''Paimon:''' Why not? Even if it can't really deflect bad luck, maybe... maybe it might taste a hundred times better than a normal egg!
:'''Julien:''' I will continue to stay here for a while. This place really calms the soul. It's quite good for self-reflection.
:'''Julien:''' I have a feeling that I might be able to draw something a little different this time...
:'''Julien:''' Thank you both, dear friends. I wish you smooth sailing in your journey!
;(Quest ends)

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Julien, optional)
:'''Julien:''' (Is this what freedom feels like...)

;(Talk to Julien, optional)
:'''Julien:''' There's no need to overthink, right? I should just draw whatever I see... <!-- I'm not sure this is the correct line, but I guess someone will correct it if it isn't -->

;(Investigate Julien's camp the next day)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa... Is this the Vourukasha Oasis? It has a very... unique beauty.
:'''Paimon:''' Is this a letter from Julien? Let Paimon have a look...
:'''Paimon:''' "It's still an amateur piece, but I would like to dedicate this painting to you, my friends. There are a great many more views and vistas that remain to be drawn. If fate will have it, we shall meet again."
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like he's gone... Hopefully things'll go well for him in the future! And that he doesn't get lost again...
:;(Obtain {{Item|"Still-Budding Artistry"}})

;(Read the letter again, optional)
:'''Julien's Letter:''' "It's still an amateur piece, but I would like to dedicate this painting to you, my friends. There are a great many more views and vistas that remain to be drawn. If fate will have it, we shall meet again."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The player can read the letter in the camp again, but only once.
* When the player visits the camp after Julien departs, Pepper's dish has a [[Bird Egg]] on it, which suggests Julien tried to help Pepper with procuring food.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=An Artist Adrift (Part 1)}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:Um Artista à Deriva (Parte 3)]]