{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22029
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission An Art to Be Honed.png
|npc           = Asakura
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|requirement   = 
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
*Grants the achievement "[[You Should Start A Doushin Dojo]]" if you complete this commission and/or [[Ceaseless Training]] 5 times.
*Unlocks the world quest [[Battle of Revenge]] after repeating the quest for the fourth time.
|region        = Inazuma
|characters    = Asakura; Traveler
}}
'''An Art to Be Honed''' is a daily [[commission]] that occurs in [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Find [[Asakura]], who issued the commission
#Talk to Asakura
#Finish training with Asakura

==Notes==
* If all party members fall during combat, the player will be relocated to the nearest [[Teleport Waypoint]]. The step "Finish training with Asakura" remains.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A guy named [[Asakura]] seems to be looking for someone to help him train in martial arts...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Asakura)
:'''Asakura:''' I must! I must...
:'''Asakura:''' Huh? Who are you?
:{{DIcon}} I accepted your commission.
:'''Asakura:''' Oh, you mean my request for a training partner. That's right, I posted that. I want to find someone as my martial arts training partner.
:'''Asakura:''' So you're the one who accepted it? I don't think I have ever met you in the city before.
:'''Asakura:''' Sorry, I don't mean to question your strength. But I'm really not sure what your martial arts skills are like...
:{{DIcon}} I've defeated [[Dvalin|giant dragons]] before.
::'''Asakura:''' Hahaha... is that so? Actually, I'm more curious about where you found one of those. I've only heard of them before...
::{{DIcon}} Oh, don't worry, I'm pretty capable.
:{{DIcon}} I witnessed the fall of a god.
::'''Asakura:''' Eh, what are you talking about? You mean that you've taken part in the [[Rite of Descension]] in Liyue before, right?
::'''Asakura:''' Hahaha, based on your logic, many people in Liyue have "witnessed the fall of a god" as well.
::{{DIcon}} Oh, don't worry, I'm pretty capable.
:'''Asakura:''' Haha, anyway, words won't prove anything. Let's put the words to test with our hands then.
:{{DIcon}} Gladly.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, why did you post that commission anonymously?
::'''Asakura:''' Well, it's actually because of something that I... am not proud of...
::'''Asakura:''' Ahem, since you have already accepted it, I will tell you the truth, then.
::'''Asakura:''' Earlier, I went out on a mission with several Doushin. On the way back, we ran into a group of Kairagi who were getting ready to raid a merchant caravan.
::'''Asakura:''' We rushed over there to rescue the caravan. In the beginning, we had the upper hand, and they quickly retreated.
::'''Asakura:''' But when we were just about to have a break, another group of Kairagi suddenly came out of nowhere, and there seemed to be a leader commanding them.
::'''Asakura:''' Before my colleagues and I could react, they were already overwhelming us...
::'''Asakura:''' Having lost the upper hand, we could only try fending the Kairagi off while escorting the merchants back to the town.
::'''Asakura:''' And when I was fighting against that Kairagi leader... he took my weapon.
::'''Asakura:''' And that guy actually held my weapon up after taking it, laughing at me all the while. It was so humiliating...
::{{DIcon}} What happened to that group of merchants?
::'''Asakura:''' We ran into other patrolling Doushin while retreating, so those Kairagi also retreated after seeing them.
::'''Asakura:''' Those merchants were also escorted to the city by us. But their goods were all... *sigh* It's all because my skills were lacking...
::'''Asakura:''' After returning, I was also issued another weapon. But I still can't get over what happened...
::'''Asakura:''' Therefore, I posted that commission in the hopes of honing my skill.
::'''Asakura:''' Once I am powerful enough, I'm going to defeat that Kairagi myself and take my weapon back, clearing this stain from my name!
:'''Asakura:''' So, are you ready?
:{{DIcon}} Bring it on!
::'''Asakura:''' Swords do not discriminate. Here I come!
:;(Starts the match)
:{{DIcon}} Give me a moment.
::'''Asakura:''' Take your time. Let me know when you are ready.
----
;(During the battle)
:'''Asakura:''' Hold your weapon tight. I'm attacking!
----
;(After winning the match)
:'''Asakura:''' *panting* You... are indeed formidable.
:'''Asakura:''' I... I have learned much.
:{{DIcon}} Are you okay?
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, I didn't control my strength back then...
:'''Asakura:''' That's... alright. I just need to catch my breath...
:'''Asakura:''' But you are so powerful that I would have believed it even if you claimed to have defeated a giant dragon...
:{{DIcon}} Actually, I have defeated giant dragons...
:'''Asakura:''' Hahaha... I believe you, of course. Thank you for training with me. I will remember what I have learned from this match.
:'''Asakura:''' If you do not mind, please come and practice with me often from now on. Having a strong warrior such as yourself as my training partner... I am sure that I will complete that deed soon.
:{{DIcon}} "That deed"?
:'''Asakura:''' Ahem... It's just a little wish I have on my mind. Thank you for your help. Please take these as payment.
:'''Asakura:''' Now, I need to go back and take a break. Your moves were most mighty indeed...
{{Dialogue end}}
<!-- Datamined missing text:
Asakura: Did you hold back just now?
Asakura: Don't worry about my pride. Please bring out all you have. I... must become stronger!

Asakura: En garde!
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = An Art to Be Honed
|zhs     = 必须精进的武艺
|zhs_rm  = Bìxū Jīngjìn de Wǔyì
|zht     = 必須精進的武藝
|zht_rm  = Bìxū Jīngjìn de Wǔyì
|zh_tl   = Martial Arts that Must be Refined
|ja      = 精進すべき武芸
|ja_rm   = Shoujin Subeki Bugei
|ja_tl   = Martial Arts Should Require Concentration
|ko      = 반드시 정진해야만 하는 무예
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Una técnica por pulir
|es_tl   = A Technique To Be Polished
|fr      = Un art à peaufiner
|fr_tl   = An Art to Perfect
|ru      = Искусство, которое нужно совершенствовать
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ศิลปะการต่อสู้ที่ต้องได้รับการฝึกฝน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Martial Arts that Must be Refined
|vi      = Võ Nghệ Tinh Tiến
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine Kunst, die geschliffen werden muss
|de_tl   = An Art To Be Polished
|id      = Bela Diri Harus Diasah
|id_tl   = Self Defense Must be Sharpened
|pt      = Uma Arte a Ser Aperfeiçoada
|pt_tl   = An Art to Be Perfected
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|Standalone}}

[[ru:Искусство, которое нужно совершенствовать]]