{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71802
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Minlin
|summary       = 
|startLocation = [[Mt. Aocang]], [[Liyue]]
|requirement   = Complete [[Farewell, Archaic Lord]]
|exp           = 100
|mora          = 20,000
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|other         = {{Card|Guide to Diligence|3}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
|characters    = Cloud Retainer; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''An Adeptal Summons''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
Start the quest by going to the central lake at [[Mt. Aocang]].

# Offer the Delicious [[Jewelry Soup]]
# Visit [[Cloud Retainer]]
#* Interact with the door to her domain to talk to her.
# Go to the Adeptus' abode and search for the [["Dwelling in the Clouds" Blueprints]]
#* The blueprints are located on the floating island on [[Qingyun Peak]], unlocked by completing the [[Three Cranes Puzzle]].
# Give the blueprints to Cloud Retainer
#* Complete a time trial challenge. Reach the target location within 150 seconds (02:30 min). Slimes will spawn and grant +15 extra seconds per kill.
#* Rotate CW/CCW → 3 Hydro → 3 Pyro → Rotate CW → Activate wind current → Return, 3 Electro → Return to middle platform, rotate CCW → 3 Anemo → Rotate CCW → 1 Electro, 1 Hydro, 1 Pyro → Rotate CW/CCW
#* The puzzle can be skipped by using character abilities that allows the player to [[Gliding|glide]] to the middle of the platform.
#** Chests may be skipped with this method
# Place the blueprints before Cloud Retainer

==Notes==
*Once the first platform is rotated, the time challenge will begin.
*The domain will automatically exit by failing to return the blueprints within the time limit or falling into the void.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
{{Quest Description|If you wish to meet [[Cloud Retainer]] again, you must prepare a food offering...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! Paimon remembers. Doesn't that one adeptus who loves food live here?
:'''Paimon:''' Last time, we had to offer tons of tasty food before she would even spare us her attention...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders if she would answer us if we offer more food to her again...
;(After offering Jewelry Soup)
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' Who would disturb the tranquility of this adeptus? Ah, it's you two...
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' And I see that you have also come bearing food again... Alright then, speak! You have my ear.
----
;(Visit Cloud Retainer at her domain)
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' State your business at once! One has a myriad matters to which one must attend. Waste not the valuable time of an adeptus!
:{{DIcon}} Just wanted to see how you're doing...
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' ...
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' Your business is a novel one... You simply came to wish me well, and not to fulfill a wish of some other nature?
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' Very well, so be it! Mortal minds work in mysterious ways... I have no interest in attempting to understand them.
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' Since you are so demonstrably idle at present... Would you care to do me a small favor?
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' Once upon a time, when I had made a modest breakthrough in my mechanical studies, I built for myself a Dwelling in the Clouds suspended in the air.
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' This Dwelling in the Clouds was built principally from plaustrite, supported by a multitude of other ingenious features... In fact, its most marvelous feature of all was, was... Never mind, you would not understand even if I explained it.
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' After construction of the Dwelling in the Clouds was complete, I left the blueprints there.
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' I also added a seal, thinking that one of true affinity with the blueprints might eventually obtain them. But no &mdash; to this day, the seal stands.
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' It now seems a needless bother to me to have the blueprints stored there. Perhaps you can retrieve them from the Dwelling in the Clouds for me.
{{Quest Description|update|After visiting Cloud Retainer, the adeptus asked you to go to her Dwelling in the Clouds and retrieve her blueprints...}}
:{{DIcon}} Sure!
::'''Cloud Retainer:''' Such enthusiasm. Then do not delay, deliver them to my abode when you have found them, for that is where I shall be waiting for you.
:{{DIcon}} What are you gonna do with it?
::'''Cloud Retainer:''' Naturally, I have my reasons. But please, do not presume that you could scrutinize an idea conceived in the mind of an adeptus.
::'''Cloud Retainer:''' Delay no further. Deliver them to my abode when you have found them, for that is where I shall be waiting for you.
:'''Paimon:''' She won't even bother showing her face... Well, good thing we brought some tasty food to offer her.
:'''Paimon:''' You mean one dish is only enough to get her to speak? She sure is persnickety...

;(If you return to Cloud Retainer without the blueprints)
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' You still have not obtained the blueprints? But they are right there, in the Dwelling in the Clouds...
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, how'd she know we hadn't fetched them yet?
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' Those blueprints are a work of my own hand, should I not be able to sense when they are in my presence? Now, fetch them forthwith!
----
;(After picking up the [["Dwelling in the Clouds" Blueprints]])
:'''Paimon:''' These must be the blueprints that the adeptus asked us for. Let's bring them back to her and see.
;(Return to Cloud Retainer)
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' I see you have obtained the blueprints. Now, hand them to me forthwith!
;(Domain automatically starts)

===Entering the domain===
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' Do not tarry. Hasten now, and deliver it to me. You have come this way before &mdash; or have you forgotten so <!--dialogue ends as is in-game-->soon?

;(After reaching a dead end)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like there's no way to get up from here...
:'''Paimon:''' Where's a wind current when you need one?
----
;(Placing the blueprints before Cloud Retainer)
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' These are indeed the blueprints for my Dwelling in the Clouds. One is most pleased.
:{{DIcon}} You still haven't said what you're gonna&mdash;
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' Must you continue to question me? *sigh* Very well, considering you did make an offering...
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' One has heard of a certain [[Jade Chamber]] that hangs in the air above [[Liyue]], built by mortal hands.
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' One has also heard that mortals value size above all else, and have on this basis proceeded to declare that said chamber is without parallel in all the world.
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' Hmph! Such are the limits of mortal comprehension, that they fail to fathom the ingenuity of the adepti.
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' Jade Chamber my foot! A glimpse at the most trivial of my mechanical accomplishments would reveal the Jade Chamber to be an utterly tedious and mundane piece of work...
:{{DIcon}} Sore loser much...
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' Nonsense! I am no loser, nor am I afflicted with sores... I merely pity the foolish! These mortals, blind to adepti ingenuity, bedazzled by the crudest of craftsmanship...
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' I fear that this will cause mechanics among mortals to develop in a woefully mistaken direction. It falls to me to point them down the right path.
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' The matter at hand is concluded. Leave at once.

;(Talk to Cloud Retainer again)
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' Whyever are you still here? Leave at once, and disturb me no further.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
*There are strange green floating platforms scattered across the domain during this quest, which weren't present during the first visit to this story domain. They seem to be disappearing/appearing based on how close a character is, like most other interactive objects and not just part of the level itself. However, as of 3/1/2021, no purpose was found for those platforms. More investigation is encouraged.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = An Adeptal Summons
|zhs     = 承仙所托
|zhs_rm  = Chéng Xiān Suǒ Tuō
|zht     = 承仙所託
|zht_rm  = Chéng Xiān Suǒ Tuō
|zh_tl   = Indebted to an Adeptal Request
|ja      = 仙人の頼み
|ja_rm   = Sennin no Tanomi{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = An Adeptal Request
|ko      = 선인의 부탁
|ko_rm   = Seon'in-ui Butak
|ko_tl   = Request of Adepti
|es      = Una ofrenda para los Adeptus
|es_tl   = An Offering for the Adepti
|fr      = Droit de passage
|fr_tl   = Right of Way
|ru      = Подношение Адептам
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ถวายแด่เซียน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ủy Thác Của Tiên
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Von Adepten gesandt
|de_tl   = Send by the Adepti
|id      = Pengabdian Adeptus
|id_tl   = Devotion to the Adeptus
|pt      = Uma oferenda para os Adepti
|pt_tl   = An Offering for the Adepti
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}