{{Stub|diff outcomes for race, any other dialogue while lamizana is being attacked}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75086
|image         = World Quest An Air Race and an Alibi.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = From One Case to Another
|part          = 3
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Cisik; Lamizana; Little One; Lliwa; Oberon; Paimon; Paran; Qucusaurus; Quilla; Taruka; Temach; Traveler
|startLocation = 
|region        = Natlan
|area          = 
|subarea       = 
|poi           = 
|prev          = Beat the Clock: 24 Hours
|next          = Farewell, Final Saurus Cracker
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Primogem*30;Mora*35,000
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = 
}}
'''''An Air Race and an Alibi''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Natlan]]. It is automatically triggered when the player approaches the Tribal Totem Pole at [["Flower-Feather Clan"]] after completing ''[[Beat the Clock: 24 Hours]]''.

==Steps==
# Head to the starting point of the air race
# Talk to [[Lliwa]]
# Complete all challenges in the air race
# Reach the destination
# Find [[Taruka]]
# Help [[Lamizana]]
#* Defeat enemies{{Enemy List|Iktomisaurus*3}}
#* During this step, Lamizana assists the player as a [[Spiritspeaker Warrior: Contemplator]]
# Talk to Lamizana
# Escape the pursuit and plan your next move
# Return to the scene of the incident
# Search for clues alongside your [[Saurian]] companion

==Dialogue==
===Pre-Quest Dialogue===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the "Flower-Feather Clan" Totem Pole)
:'''Qucusaurus:''' (...)
:'''Pakpaka Flying School Flying Tournament Invitation Letter:''' Dear contestant {{Traveler}}, you must arrive at the designated location at the assigned time. The flying competition will commence on schedule, so please complete the challenge within the specified time.
:'''Paimon:''' It's an invitation letter to the air race! There are so many time-related requirements... Oh well, it is a race, eh?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't know what will happen, so be careful, {{Traveler}}!
;(Quest begins)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Quest Dialogue===
{{Quest Description|Could the air race be a trap set by Lamizana?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Lliwa)
:'''Lliwa:''' You're here! Taruka has been telling me about how amazing you are. Says I should try my best to keep up with you in the race.
:'''Lliwa:''' I mean, sheesh, doesn't think I can win at all, does he? Not a shred of regard for my dignity as his older sister at all!
:'''Lliwa:''' So you can forget about me going easy on you in the race, and you shouldn't hold back either. Let's both do our best, and we'll see who's better!
:{{DIcon}} You'll regret making me get serious about this.
::'''Lliwa:''' Haha, now that's what I'm talking about!
:{{DIcon}} I'm just here for the participation prize.
::'''Lliwa:''' Haha! Bet you're just saying that to make me complacent. Not gonna work on me, ya hear?
:'''Lliwa:''' Anyway, enough talk. Let's start if you're ready.
:{{DIcon}} Let's do this.
:{{DIcon}} I still need time to prepare.
::'''Lliwa:''' Alright, I'll wait.

;(If you needed more time to prepare)
:'''Lliwa:''' Are you ready now?
:{{DIcon}} Let's do this.
:{{DIcon}} I still need time to prepare.
::'''Lliwa:''' Alright, I'll wait.

;(During the race)
:'''Lliwa:''' Huh? That's odd, something's wrong with my Saurian...
:'''Lliwa:''' Don't worry about me, {{Traveler}}! Just go!

;(After completing the race)
:'''Paimon:''' We've reached the finish line!
:'''Temach:''' Congratulations! Heh, with your skills, you'd more than qualify to be a coach, I'd say!
:'''Paimon:''' Lliwa wasn't that far behind us, so she should almost be here... Paimon sure hopes she and her Saurian are both fine.
:'''Paimon:''' But why aren't Taruka and Oberon at the finish line... Are they resting somewhere else? Should we look for them?

;(Approach the Iktomisaurs attacking Lamizana)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, why are they fighting? And Taruka and Oberon aren't here either...

;(After defeating the Iktomisaurs)
:'''Lamizana:''' How could this have happened!?
:'''Paimon:''' That's what we wanted to ask you! What happened? Also, where are Taruka and Oberon?
:'''Paran:''' Sorry, I'm late! Something happened to the other contestants' Saurians... Huh?
:'''Lamizana:''' What took you so long? Everything's a mess. Not even one single thing went according to plan...
:'''Lliwa:''' What the heck are you guys talking about? I don't understand a word of it... And where's Taruka? Why isn't he here?
:'''Lamizana:''' He was abducted, along with Oberon. It was those Saurians, they started attacking us like crazy just now and seized the chance to take him while I had my hands full protecting myself.
:'''Lliwa:''' Huh!? I&mdash;I have to go after him!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, you'll need a lead to do that, so hold your horses! Now that the person in question is here, Paimon can finally ask him about something we've wanted to know all along.
:{{DIcon}} Lamizana's plan.
:{{Black Screen|You briefly explain Taruka's suspicions about Lamizana to everyone. To avoid having to explain too much, you skip the part about sneaking into the camp for the investigation...}}
:'''Paran:''' Lamizana, tell them everything. Hiding stuff will only make things more complicated than they need to be.
:'''Lamizana:''' Darn it... you're right &mdash; now's not the time to worry about my reputation. It's true that I had a plan, and it's one that Taruka wouldn't have liked.
:'''Lamizana:''' At first, it was the perfect ploy to start with. Taruka and I were racing on a different course from yours, but we had the same finish line, and since we started first, we'd get there first too.
:'''Lamizana:''' According to the plan, you... when you arrived at the finish line, Lliwa, you'd find that arrogant little br&mdash; Ahem, you'd see Taruka get attacked by a group of "out-of-control Saurians." Being young, they wouldn't pose any real threat.
:'''Lamizana:''' You'd definitely want to save your brother, but since your Saurian isn't the fighting type, I'd be the only person who could be relied on to save the day.
:'''Lamizana:''' That'd be the moment I'd show off my reliable side and drive away the out-of-control Saurians, saving both you and your brother. I hoped that you'd think better of me after that...
:'''Lamizana:''' Don't people always say that the feeling of being nervous is similar to the feeling of being in love, which makes it easy for people to mistake...
:{{DIcon}} Hold on, you didn't factor me in at all?
::'''Lamizana:''' You were just here as a substitute so she could race...
::'''Paran:''' You are just a temporary replacement we needed due to an accident! If everything had gone well, it'd all be over without you needing to lift a finger...
:{{DIcon}} That is such a sloppy plan.
:'''Paran:''' The plan... It required making too many people... and Saurians... do very specific things at specific times. Too many things could go wrong, which is what I told him as well...
:'''Lliwa:''' If my Saurian's performance hadn't suddenly taken a dive, I definitely would've made it in time...! If I was here, there's no way I would've just watched Taruka get taken away...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... But this plan of yours didn't involve Taruka getting kidnapped for real, right?
:'''Lamizana:''' That's the problem, yes. The out-of-control Saurians weren't supposed to be really "out of control." After all, they've been trained and should understand instructions...
:'''Lamizana:''' Ms. Quilla, I think you owe me a reasonable explanation.
:'''Quilla:''' You doubt me? Now that's truly disappointing. Our little Saurians are indeed well-trained and well-behaved, and capable of following my instructions to the letter.
:'''Quilla:''' They wouldn't hurt people for no reason, let alone kidnap Taruka and Oberon. Unless... Unless someone else has used some kind of vile means to control and forced them to do that.
:'''Quilla:''' Speaking of which, there's been a Saurian trafficker who's been active in the area recently &mdash; the notorious [[Hawka]]. I believe Paran knows him well, yes?
:'''Quilla:''' Due to the nature of my business, I've heard a bit about his infamous deeds. He always gets his hands on any Saurian he sets his sights on.
:'''Quilla:''' I've also heard that Hawka has found a very capable helper recently &mdash; a {{MC|m=blond|f=blonde}} youth with a white pet. Doesn't really seem consistent with his status, does it?
:'''Quilla:''' If you ask me, his target is Oberon rather than Taruka. With a little training, that little Qucusaurus would have unlimited potential.
:'''Quilla:''' It's possible that Hawka sneaked into the flight school with this person's help after taking a fancy to this little Saurian, and accidentally found out that he could take advantage of this opportunity...
:'''Lamizana:''' A {{MC|m=blond|f=blonde}} youth who recently sneaked into the flight school with a white pet... Isn't that {{Traveler}} and their white friend over there?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon isn't some white pet! And we don't even know any "Hawka"...
:'''Paran:''' Uncle Hawka... Hawka is my uncle. He was exiled from our tribe a long time ago, and I've barely ever had any contact with him.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, wait a minute. Wouldn't that make Paran and Carrewoof another "blond youth and white pet" pair? Ah... Oops. Taruka did remind Paimon not to say stuff like that, didn't he?
:'''Quilla:''' To be fair, Paran would've had many opportunities to commit the crime. He was there the day we were discussing the details of our plan, wasn't he?
:'''Lamizana:''' No, everyone knows Paran's the honest sort. I don't believe he'd do something like this.
:'''Lliwa:''' He's also been very nice to Taruka and Oberon this entire time. I don't think he would do anything that would hurt them like this either.
:'''Paran:''' Thank you...
:'''Lamizana:''' So {{Traveler}}'s still the more suspicious party...
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! {{Traveler}}, show them your Adventurer Handbook now! We're proper adventurers and aren't suspicious at all! Also... also... Aha! We don't have a motive!
:'''Paimon:''' We received a commission from Taruka. We won't be paid unless he is here to pay us. We earn our Mora on the up and up!
:'''Lamizana:''' That makes sense too, but that leaves us without any other blond suspects...
:'''Lamizana:''' No, it's also possible that there was never a blond suspect to begin with, and that Ms. Quilla is actually the suspicious one here, using false information to mislead us...
:'''Quilla:''' *sigh* So I take it you won't accept the notion that Paran might have betrayed you, then?
:'''Lamizana:''' Of course, I'm not the sort to doubt friends.
:'''Quilla:''' Fine, I just remembered another detail. On the night after we discussed the details, I saw a little Tepetlisaurus in the camp.
:'''Quilla:''' That little Tepetlisaurus was very energetic and had special patterns on its horn... Why would there be a "lost" little Tepetlisaurus on the scene unless its human companion was nearby?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Wroo?
:'''Lamizana:''' So you really are an accomplice to Saurian traffickers, and you ruined my perfect plan...
:'''Lliwa:''' Did you get close to Taruka just to kidnap Oberon? He praised you to the skies, you know. Think about how sad he'd be once he learns the truth.
:'''Paimon:''' B&mdash;But we went there on the same day, and on Taruka's request too... Oh no, wait a second... No wonder Paran's voice felt familiar back then...
:'''Quilla:''' So you admit that you sneaked into my camp? That's terrifying. I didn't discover your presence at all!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon...
:'''Paimon:''' So you were just trying to box Paimon in! We only heard a little bit of the conversation a&mdash;and knocked over some crackers... It's not that serious, right?
:'''Lamizana:''' Paran, Lliwa, get them! We have to find out where Taruka and Oberon have been taken, no matter what!
:{{DIcon}} This isn't the part I'd like to play in this drama.
::'''Paimon:''' They aren't listening to anything we're saying. {{Traveler}}, let's get out of here for now!
:{{DIcon}} Run for it!
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! It's not a good idea to get entangled with them right now...
::{{Black Screen|After expending a lot of effort, you finally lose Lamizana and the others...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Phew &mdash; We should be okay now.
:'''Paimon:''' Not only has the client who should've paid us gone missing, we've even been mistaken for the villain's accomplices. Talk about bad luck!
:'''Paimon:''' It's not our style to just lie down and take a beating, though. Let's hunt the truth! Paimon's worried about Taruka and Oberon, too.
:'''Paimon:''' That Lamizana... isn't reliable at all! But we don't have any other clues right now. Shall we... take a look at the scene of the incident? Y'know, the finish line?

;(Interact with the investigation spot)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Raaaawr!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}}, did you find something? There's nothing here, though!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rooo... Rawr! Raaawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon can see that you really want to tell her something. Gah, it would be nice to know what you're saying right now, but Paimon's no Saurian.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Wroo...
:{{DIcon}} Let me try.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh right! Maybe it's a clue that only Saurians can see.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = An Air Race and an Alibi
|zhs      = 飞行竞赛与不在场证明
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 飛行競賽與不在場證明
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 飛行コンテストとアリバイ
|ja_rm    = Hikou Kontesuto to Aribai
|ja_tl    = A Flight Contest and an Alibi
|ko       = 비행 대회와 알리바이
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Una competición de vuelo y una coartada
|es_tl    = A Flight Competition and an Alibi
|fr       = Course de vol et alibi
|fr_tl    = Flight Race and Alibi
|ru       = Лётные гонки и алиби
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = การแข่งขันโบยบินและหลักฐานแก้ต่าง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Cuộc Thi Bay Và Bằng Chứng Ngoại Phạm
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ein Flugwettbewerb und ein Alibi
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Lomba Terbang dan Alibi
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Uma Corrida Aérea e Um Álibi
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Suç Mahalline Dönmüş Bir Yarış
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Gara di volo e alibi
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}