{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = An Eventful Vacation
|image             = An Eventful Vacation.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-05-31 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-06-06 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/123910
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240531clorinde-5k96dd/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Clorinde; Neuvillette; Navia; Charlotte
}}
{{Description|Even those who wield the sword have times when they must lay it down to rest.}}
'''An Eventful Vacation''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.6]].

==Event Duration==
May 31, 2024 12:00 – June 6, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, fill in the pictures by selecting the correct objects from the scenes and uncover the truth behind the rumors to obtain in-game rewards.

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, complete everything on Clorinde's vacation itinerary and fill in the pictures by selecting the correct objects to reconstruct the scenes, and you'll be able to obtain in-game rewards.
# Set the facts straight in light of the tabloid journalist's false reports to obtain the event wallpaper.

==In-Game Rewards==
Uncover the truth behind the three rumors to obtain Primogems, Character Ascension Materials, and other in-game rewards.
{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*40;Vajrada Amethyst Fragment*3;Mora*20,000;Mystic Enhancement Ore*2}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please claim it in time.
# After setting the facts straight in light of the tabloid journalist's false reports, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = An Eventful Vacation
|zhs      = 不平静假期
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 不平靜假期
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 波乱の休暇
|ja_rm    = Haran no Kyuuka
|ja_tl    = Vacation with Troubles
|ko       = 시끌벅적한 휴일
|ko_tl    = A Boisterous Day Off
|es       = Unas vacaciones agitadas
|es_tl    = A Hectic Vacation
|fr       = Des vacances mouvementées
|fr_tl    = An Eventful Vacation
|ru       = Беспокойный выходной
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = วันหยุดสุดอลหม่าน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Kỳ Nghỉ Không Bình Yên
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ein ereignisreicher Urlaub
|de_tl    = An Eventful Vacation
|id       = Liburan yang Tidak Tenang
|id_tl    = A Restless Vacation
|pt       = Férias Agitadas
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Olaylı Tatil
|tr_tl    = Eventful Vacation
|it       = Vacanza turbolenta
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

[[es:Unas vacaciones agitadas]]
[[fr:Des vacances mouvementées]]
[[pt-br:Férias Agitadas]]
[[ru:Беспокойный выходной]]
[[vi:Kỳ Nghỉ Không Bình Yên]]