{{Event Tabs}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{Black Screen|Champion Duelists aren't Gardemeks.<br>Of course we need a break.}}

;(Begin the event)
:'''Clorinde:''' My vacation request has been approved. A rare opportunity to relax.
:'''Clorinde:''' Monsieur [[Neuvillette]], is there any urgent matter that requires my attention?
:'''Neuvillette:''' No, I just happened to be out for a walk. Aren't you on vacation, [[Clorinde]]? I won't go as far as to assign duties to someone who has applied for leave.
:'''Clorinde:''' Understood. Have a nice day, then.

;(After the cutscene)
::Click on Clorinde to toss the food. If the food comes into contact with a [[Violetgold Angler Gull]], the feeding will be deemed successful.
::Feed Violetgold Angler Gulls twice (0/2)

;(Read the Tabloid)
::{{Black Screen|THE FRONT PAGE<br>NEWSPAPER WEEK<br>Breaking News! Renowned Champion Duelist Assaults Tourist on the Streets in Broad Daylight!}}
:'''Neuvillette:''' An absurd report.

;(Uncover the Truth)
::Select the suitable object on the right and drag it here to restore the scene.
:'''Neuvillette:''' It seems that this lady was startled by something.

;(Select the balloon or the [[Fish and Chips]])
:'''Neuvillette:''' Take some time to ponder this over.

;(Select the Violetgold Angler Gull)
:'''Neuvillette:''' The truth has been revealed.
:'''Neuvillette:''' The lady in the photo was startled by a seagull that suddenly flew past. This incident had nothing to do with Clorinde. Please exercise discernment when reading false reports.
:'''Clorinde:''' I remember this one. It's the heftiest gull I've ever fed.
----
:'''Navia:''' There you are! Afternoon tea is served. Come on, try what I've prepared!
:'''Clorinde:'''' Looks great. I won't say no to that, then.
:'''Navia:''' I've also prepared a few drinks. Take your pick~

;(After the cutscene)
::Have 2 servings of afternoon tea (0/2)
::{{DIcon}} Fonta
::{{DIcon}} Coffee
::{{DIcon}} Macaron

;(Read the Tabloid)
::{{Black Screen|NEWSPAPER WEEK<br>THE FRONT PAGE<br>Public Littering! An Utter Lack of Ethics and Morals Exhibited by a Certain Champion Duelist!}}
:'''Navia:''' This is ridiculous! Don't worry, I'll get to the bottom of this!

;(Uncover the Truth)
:'''Navia:''' Something seemed to have happened at the table next to us?

;(Select the chair or the apple cores)
:'''Navia:''' Hmm, it doesn't seem like that was the case. Let's think about it again.

;(Select the dog)
:'''Navia:''' Spot on!
:'''Navia:''' Everything written in this report is simply lies and slander! The apple cores on the ground were left by the pet of the guest at the next table.
:'''Navia:''' Why don't you criticize the true "culprit" instead?
----
:'''Clorinde:''' Good afternoon, Miss [[Charlotte]].
:'''Charlotte:''' Hello, Miss Clorinde! What a coincidence meeting you here! I was just gathering material for an exclusive report on environmental protection.
:'''Charlotte:''' I wonder who could have left their trash behind but I'll clear it up first.
:'''Clorinde:''' I see. Let me help.
:'''Charlotte:''' Aww, thank you!

;(After the cutscene)
::Click on the trash to pick it up.
::Clear out 4 pieces of trash (0/4)

;(Read the Tabloid)
::{{Black Screen|NEWSPAPER WEEK<br>THE FRONT PAGE<br>Destroying the Court of Fontaine's Landscape! Champion Duelist Reveals Her True Colors.}}
:'''Charlotte:''' Another bunch in my line of work that lack journalistic ethics. I'll make them see reason!

;(Uncover the Truth)
:'''Charlotte:''' Clorinde walked into the bushes because she noticed that a child might need help.

;(Select the bottle or the newspaper)
:'''Charlotte:''' Something seems wrong there...

;(Select the balloon)
:'''Charlotte:''' An article only has value if it reports the truth!
:'''Charlotte:''' Miss Clorinde went into the bushes to help the child retrieve the balloon hanging from the branches.
:'''Charlotte:''' I can't believe people actually wrote an article to distort someone's good deeds! Looks like I'll have to write an article to warn against malicious reporting!
----
;(Complete all stories)
:'''Clorinde:''' Seeing how all of you called me over in such a hurry, is there something urgent that you need me for?
:'''Charlotte:''' Miss Clorinde, I've prepared a special feature to educate the public about the dangers of false reporting and bring order to Fontaine's news environment.
:'''Charlotte:''' Hopefully, this will stop the journalists from hounding you.
:'''Neuvillette:''' According to Fontaine law, tabloid journalists who write and publish falsehoods will receive the due punishment.
:'''Clorinde:''' Thank you for your help, everyone. Should they seek a duel, I too will raise my sword to defend my honor.
:'''Navia:''' Alright then! Now that we have a plan, what comes next will be easier.
:'''Navia:''' Besides, Clorinde has her day off today. Time for some vacation activities~
{{Dialogue End}}

[[ru:Беспокойный выходной/История]]
[[vi:Kỳ Nghỉ Không Bình Yên/Cốt Truyện]]