{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74136
|image         = <!--{{subst:#replace:{{subst:#replace:{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}|: | }}|" | }}.png-->
|type          = World
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Chaussivert; Choiseul; Edwin Eastinghouse; Fusilier; Lemarcq; Nacker; Paimon; Raimondo; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Fort Charybdis Ruins]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Morte Region
|subarea       = Fort Charybdis Ruins
|prev          = An Expected Plan
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*300;Primogem*40;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3
|rep           = Fontaine
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 559
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''An Expected Lie''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Fort Charybdis Ruins]], [[Fontaine]]. It starts automatically after completing {{Quest|An Expected Plan}}.

==Steps==
# Head to [[Nacker]]'s hideout
# Open the sealed door
#* Hit the switch to open the track (blue state). Use the [[Xenochromatic Ball Octopus]]' ability to operate the [[Operable Mechanism|Track Assemblage]] and guide the crystal chunk to the fifth set of lights. Keep the crystal in place by hitting the switch again to close the track (orange state).
# Find Nacker
# Defeat the incoming meka
#* {{Enemy|Arithmetic Enhancer Mek|text=Server Type Gev03 &mdash; Arkhium Kinetic Field Generator|note=[[Local Legend]] variant; [[arkhe]] will not reactivate after being lost}}
# Defeat Nacker
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Cryo Potioneer|text=Nacker &mdash; The First Liar}}
# Talk to [[Chaussivert]]
# Rejoin [[Lemarcq]]
# Report back to the [[New Fontaine Research Institute|Fontaine Research Institute]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Using Quest Navigation during Step 2 will show the following message: "The crucial clue to opening the sealed door might be in Edwin's strange utterances..."
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|A Predictable Ending}}.
* After completing the quest, the [[Local Legend]] {{Enemy|Wind Operative|text=Deianeira of Snezhevna &mdash; Risky Investment Actuary}} will appear in Nacker's hideout.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The recipient of the shipment is actually the "long dead" [[Edwin]]. Although his mental state seems a bit worrying, and he constantly repeats the number "five"... he seems to have surreptitiously pointed out Nacker's current whereabouts. What is this "resurrected" researcher planning? Regardless of what it may be, the important matter at hand is capturing Nacker...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Nacker's hideout)
:'''[[Fusilier]]:''' ...Further. The energy flow continues forward.
:'''Paimon:''' But, if we go any further, we'd be in the water.
:'''Fusilier:''' That Sect III... I mean, we were the team that assisted him the most...
:'''Chaussivert:''' No matter. There are a few divesuits by Edwin's house. I happened to take them with me.
:'''Paimon:''' What a... coincidence.

;(Upon arriving at Nacker's hideout)
:'''Paimon:''' What's this? The door's locked!
:'''Paimon:''' What a pain! We've come all this way, and now we need to start solving riddles.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...Edwin just happened to be in the right place at the right time, and is acting strangely. Plus those divesuits were a bit too convenient...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (It feels like Edwin is trying to push us into giving Nacker trouble. So... maybe he's already given us a hint about how to open this lock...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Let's consider... What odd things has he said or done...?)

;(Read the nameplate, optional)
:'''Iron Nameplate on the Door:''' (Whatever was engraved on the nameplate has been worn away and is now unclear.)

;(Enter Nacker's hideout)
:'''Paimon:''' So that's why he kept on repeating the number "five." He was giving us hints about how to solve the riddle...
:'''Paimon:''' Why didn't he just tell us straight? Why beat around the bush?
:'''Chaussivert:''' Hmph, who knows what's going on in that head of his... But, he seemed to have been trying to lead us to Nacker.
:'''Chaussivert:''' The divesuits were just left by the house... Almost like they were prepared for us.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like he found us first.
:{{DIcon}} Anyway, let's take care of Nacker first.
:'''Fusilier:''' No research value... But I... I've spent so much time...
:'''Paimon:''' Fusilier... She's been murmuring to herself the whole time...
:'''Paimon:''' But... {{Traveler}}, do you get the feeling that we've been watched? Paimon feels chills running down her spine...
:'''Chaussivert:''' I'll take the lead and look inside.

;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' A huge empty space with... nothing inside... Did we come up empty-handed?
:'''Chaussivert:''' The plants have been intentionally cleared, and the trimming seems relatively recent.
:'''Fusilier:''' ...All the trouble I went through for him...
:'''Chaussivert:''' Anyway, I'll go down alone and take a look. You stay with Miss Institute Lady. If things get out of hand... take her and go.
:'''Chaussivert:''' But there's nothing here. How could things get out of hand...
:'''???:''' Squeak! Beep beep!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Look out! Something's coming!

;(While fighting the Field Generator)
:'''???:''' ...You persistent pests! I should have tricked you back at the [[Central Laboratory Ruins|Central Laboratory]], and let you be blown up.
:'''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;You're...
:'''Nacker:''' Honorary Senior Researcher, it's a pleasure to see you. Still running errands for the Institute?
:'''Nacker:''' Thanks for getting rid of that [[Chronie|pesky, idiotic reporter]] for me earlier. I owe you big for that.
:'''Nacker:''' But now I have no further use for you.
:'''Nacker:''' You can both stay here... and help me test the effectiveness of my Field Generator!

;(After defeating the Field Generator)
:'''Chaussivert:''' That scoundrel is right up there! Get him!
:'''Nacker:''' Darn! Darn! Get out! One last step... One last step!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}! Hurry! Get that liar! Wretch! Fraud! The most...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... The THIRD most annoying person in the Institute!

;(After defeating Nacker)
:'''Nacker:''' Institute dogs! How much did [[Choiseul]] and [[Raimondo]] pay you!?
:{{DIcon}} Just a title.
:{{DIcon}} Not one [[Mora]]. I volunteered.
:'''Nacker:''' You... You... Listen to me, let me go. My "Field Generator" is almost done.
:'''Nacker:''' Once I successfully synchronize it with the Arkhium Kinetic Core, then... Then I'll be the greatest kinetic engineer ever!
:'''Fusilier:''' ...Taking credit for someone else's work and claiming to be the greatest engineer. Shame on you.
:'''Fusilier:''' Now I finally know why Mr. Ed... Edwin never wanted you to take part in the core research project.
:'''Nacker:''' Edwin doesn't know a thing about what to do with it! You're also from the Institute... You know the true value of this thing!
:'''Nacker:''' Help me! I can... develop it with you! Then, we'll both be famous, and incomparable!
:'''Nacker:''' Edwin, Raimondo, Choiseul... None of them can surpass our fame!
:{{DIcon}} Looks like what Raimondo said was true.
:{{DIcon}} It must've been tough for you, Nacker, to hold all of that in for such a long time.
:'''Fusilier:''' Edwin... Mr. Edwin's achievements... belong to the Institute. I'm only here to claim them, nothing more, nothing less.
:'''Paimon:''' Miss Fusilier... suddenly changed how she addresses Edwin.
:'''Nacker:''' Don't be a fool, girl! You don't know what [[Concini]] can give us!
:'''Nacker:''' We'll never get such benefits even if we run errands for Edwin for a million years! Edwin and the Institute only wanted to use us... We have to think for ourselves!
:'''Fusilier:''' ...
:'''Chaussivert:''' I had enough of this nonsense. Shut up.
:'''Nacker:''' And who the heck are you!?
:'''Chaussivert:''' The one who watches over [[Lumidouce Harbor]]. One more word, and you'll taste my fist.
:'''Chaussivert:''' {{Traveler}}, help me tie him up and take that core or whatever. It's time we head back.
----
;(Talk to Lemarcq or Edwin)
:'''Nacker:''' Edwin... I knew it! You lured them over... You've always been jealous of me! Afraid that my research would surpass yours!
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' You're right. I am so jealous of how totally oblivious and ignorant you are. No wonder you led such a blissful life back at the Institute.
:'''Paimon:''' Only if Choiseul was here to see this... He'd faint.
:{{DIcon}} He better never wake up.
:{{DIcon}} I'm about to faint, too...
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' You go back to the Institute with them and repent... I need to get back to my research... You didn't break anything, did you?
:{{DIcon}} Who said you can go back to your research!?
:{{DIcon}} Stop right there! I'm warning you!
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' What are you gonna do? Take me back to the Institute? How am I supposed to continue my research, then?
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' That fool Raimondo will definitely turn the Institute into a mess. And that idiot Choiseul... Ugh! The mere thought of it gives me a headache.
:'''Paimon:''' You're the one who turned the Institute into a mess! Stop shifting the blame to someone else!
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' Me? Fine. You want to blame me for the explosion at the Central Laboratory, right? But you know what? I wasn't even there!
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' The institute is full of fools! Even someone knocking over a cup of coffee can trigger an equipment malfunction, so I'm not surprised they managed to cause an explosion.
:{{DIcon}} Then why didn't you try to explain that to them?
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' Explain? I'm not gonna be their scapegoat. I have a lot of research on my hands, and my time cannot be wasted on them.
:'''Chaussivert:''' And so you decided to get mixed up with the likes of Concini?
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' Oh, he's no better... He couldn't even get his hands on a piece of precision equipment. I had to do all the work. At least he's willing to fund the research, so everything went smoothly...
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' But I didn't expect our dear Nacker to come here with that incomplete core prototype.
:'''Nacker:''' I've modified it! With my tech you can never develop!
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' Haha! Mr. Nacker, Concini is not here for you to suck up to, so why don't you stop lying to yourself? Don't you have an ounce of dignity as a researcher?
:'''Nacker:''' You...! It's "incomplete" only because you don't know how to complete it! But I know how, and I can do it!
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' Right. Now, just take this piece of junk back to the Institute and keep leeching off it. I have something more important that requires my attention. You... Fusi-something, I'll leave this to you.
:'''Paimon:''' Will those two ever stop arguing...?
:'''Fusilier:''' ...Enough.
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' What? Can you stop wasting my time? I need to get back to work!
:'''Fusilier:''' I said... enough!
:'''Fusilier:''' Edwin Eastinghouse! You, you are the one who blew the Institute up!
:'''Fusilier:''' And you, Nacker, you stole the Institute's assets!
:{{DIcon}} And blew the Institute up a second time!
:'''Fusilier:''' Both of you harmed the interests of the Institute... As the special investigator of the Fontaine Research Institute, I am taking both of you back to the Institute where you shall be dealt with accordingly!
:'''Nacker:''' Darn...
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' Oh, please...
:'''Chaussivert:''' Lemarcq and I will escort those two back. Say, we've been the errand boys for a long time, so the Institute will definitely compensate us, right?
:'''Chaussivert:''' Remember, keep your mouths shut along the way, or you might meet an early end.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|After a number of twists and turns, you're finally bringing Nacker and Edwin to justice. Now, it's just a matter of sending them back to the Fontaine Research Institute and putting an end to all of the chaos.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Choiseul or Raimondo)
:'''Choiseul:''' Miss Fusilier! {{Traveler}}! You're back! You must've handled things...
:'''Choiseul:''' Oh, no...
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Mr. Choiseul is really about to faint!
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' I didn't think you'd be back at the Institute, Choiseul. I figured you'd be stuck dealing with paperwork forever.
:'''Choiseul:''' This... This is impossible! Goodness gracious!
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' Raimondo, how does it feel taking over my job? Anything worth reporting?
:'''Raimondo:''' ...What a wonderful reunion, Mr. Edwin.
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' Ha! Look around you. You really do seem suited for janitorial work.
:'''Nacker:''' ...Hmph! He didn't even clean it up properly.
:{{DIcon}} Mainly because he didn't clean you up.
:'''Raimondo:''' Thank you for bringing those two back, Honorary Senior Researcher {{Traveler}}, Miss Fusilier.
:'''Raimondo:''' Hopefully, this marks the end of the Fontaine Research Institute's series of unfortunate events and turmoil.
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' Hahaha! Great. The Fontaine Research Institute will now fall into deathly stillness where all inspirations wither and die.
:'''Raimondo:''' You certainly have already sparked much inspiration around the Institute. It's time to calm things down.
:'''Edwin Eastinghouse:''' Raimondo Havenport, you know nothing about research. You are not fit to lead the Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering.
:'''Raimondo:''' But I know how to keep it up and running properly, Edwin Eastinghouse.
:'''Raimondo:''' What you need to do right now is to stay away from research and [[Arkhium]]. It's better for all of us.
:{{Black Screen|Some time later, the [[Maison Gardiennage]]'s personnel arrives and take both Nacker and Edwin. It is for the best that they finally leave the Institute for good...}}
:'''Choiseul:''' Thank goodness, my nightmare has finally ended...
:'''Choiseul:''' Mr. Chaussivert, Mr. Lemarcq, yes? I've heard about the assistance you rendered to our institute. Please take a well-deserved rest here while your compensation is being arranged.
:'''Chaussivert:''' Hahaha! I didn't think someone like me would ever be associated with the Institute.
:'''Choiseul:''' Don't say that about yourself, dear sir! You're sincere and kind-hearted, so you're definitely a good person. Maybe we'll enlist your help in the future.
:'''Choiseul:''' As for you... Honorary Senior Researcher, you did us a great favor once again. How should we ever repay you?
:{{DIcon}} Just don't get blown up again.
:{{DIcon}} What about a promotion?
::'''Choiseul:''' Well... theoretically, your current title already resides at the top... But let me see what I can do.
::'''Choiseul:''' How about something like... Chief Honorary Senior Researcher? Hahahah!
:'''Paimon:''' By the way... Where's Miss Fusilier?
:'''Raimondo:''' ...We should give her some room to calm down. Looks like the image of Edwin Eastinghouse she had created in her head has completely shattered.
:'''Raimondo:''' Edwin and Nacker need to calm down as well... I hope they can reflect on their own mistakes.
:{{DIcon}} Will they stay in the [[Fortress of Meropide]] all their life?
:'''Raimondo:''' Judging by how dangerous they are, I hope they never leave that place.
:'''Raimondo:''' However, given the state of things here at the Fontaine Research Institute... I can only hope I don't run into situations that would require their expertise...
:'''Raimondo:''' I thank you again on behalf of the Fontaine Research Institute, Honorary Senior Researcher. If you have any further questions, I'm at your service.

;(Talk to Choiseul again, optional)
:'''Choiseul:''' Phew... It's okay. It's okay. The nightmare is over.
:{{DIcon}} How do you feel about Edwin's "coming back to life"?
::'''Choiseul:''' Whoa! You scared me! How I feel? Nothing, to be honest. I only hope that irresponsible scoundrel pays for what he's done!
::'''Choiseul:''' Personally, I'd tie his hands and legs up and blindfold him to stop him from getting his hands on Arkhium if I could!
:{{DIcon}} Do you feel relieved, now?
::'''Choiseul:''' A bit more relieved, yes, compared to before.
::'''Choiseul:''' But, to be honest, locking Nacker and Edwin up together? Gosh! I can't even imagine what those two would be up to!
::'''Choiseul:''' Explosion has been past and done. So what's next? Flooding the entire Fontaine with [[Fonta]]? I can't even imagine...
:{{DIcon}} I hope you have a good day.
::'''Choiseul:''' You too, Honorary Senior Researcher.

;(Talk to Raimondo again, optional)
:'''Raimondo:''' Any questions? Honorary Senior Researcher?
:{{DIcon}} What will happen to Nacker and Edwin?
::'''Raimondo:''' They will temporarily stay at the Fortress of Meropide where they will repent for their misconduct.
::'''Raimondo:''' That said, the Edwin I know doesn't do "repent."
::'''Raimondo:''' No matter, as long as Edwin is kept away from research equipment and Arkhium.
::'''Raimondo:''' As for Nacker... I don't believe he'll cause more trouble for us.
::'''Raimondo:''' I... I can only hope I don't run into situations that would require their expertise...
:{{DIcon}} Did Fusilier use to worship Edwin?
::'''Raimondo:''' ...Edwin Eastinghouse is a genius. People in the same field either gave up on themselves or became his followers.
::'''Raimondo:''' Miss Fusilier is a very passionate and creative researcher, often achieving great results with minimal resources.
::'''Raimondo:''' After joining the Tech Sect III of the Arkhium Research Project, she was put in charge of the structural design of the suppressor and had frequent run-ins with Edwin.
::'''Raimondo:''' Maybe that's when she started idolizing Edwin. Just like the other followers, Edwin's approval became her only pursuit.
::'''Raimondo:''' After the explosion, she refused to believe that Edwin was the one who caused it, so she applied to join the investigation in an attempt to clear Edwin's name.
::'''Raimondo:''' Now that you've dealt with Edwin, what do you make of him?
::'''Paimon:''' A freak of nature who cares only for his research! He always tries to push the blame to others, and he can't even remember Miss Fusilier's name!
::'''Raimondo:''' That sounds like him, all right. Other than his research, there's rarely anything that's worth a second of his attention.
::'''Raimondo:''' And he cares for nothing else as long as his research runs smoothly. Not even when his own subordinates stole the Institute's assets to sell.
::'''Raimondo:''' I only approved Fusilier's application to join the investigation... so she would come to realize she was chasing an image of him she fabricated.
::'''Raimondo:''' Now that image has finally been shattered, I can only hope she picks herself up soon... The Fontaine Research Institute cannot afford to lose more of its people.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Raimondo:''' Goodbye, Honorary Senior Researcher.

;(Talk to Fusilier, Chaussivert, or Lemarcq, optional)
:'''Fusilier:''' No value... My research has no value...
:'''Lemarcq:''' Miss, please don't think that way. Your invention saved my life.
:'''Fusilier:''' But... But... Mr. Edwin... *whimper* *sob* Edwin said this thing is worthless...
:'''Chaussivert:''' That just means that that Edwin's blind! This thing is a treasure! Worthless? Ha! I'd give an arm to have one for each of my men!
:{{DIcon}} Edwin's a bad person. He's full of baloney.
:'''Fusilier:''' Mr. Edwin is not a bad person! He... He... Anyway... He can't even remember my name! I even showed him my designs so many times...
:'''Paimon:''' Miss Fusilier, you are very talented! Why do you let that Edwin guy judge your worth?
:{{DIcon}} He doesn't see what I see in you!
:'''Fusilier:''' R&mdash;Really?
:'''Chaussivert:''' Of course. Take it from all of us.
:'''Fusilier:''' But... you don't know research... *sobs*
:'''Paimon:''' Miss Fusilier... she's no longer coherent. I think we better leave her alone for a bit...
:'''Chaussivert:''' Okay... Lemarcq and I will be right here. Call us if you need anything.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = An Expected Lie
|zhs     = 一场预期内的谎言
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 一場預期內的謊言
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 想定内の嘘
|ja_rm   = Souteinai no Uso
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 예상대로의 거짓말
|ko_tl   = An Expected Lie
|es      = Una mentira prevista
|es_tl   = An Expected Lie
|fr      = Un mensonge attendu
|fr_tl   = An Expected Lie
|ru      = Ожидаемая ложь
|ru_tl   = An Expected Lie
|th      = คำโกหกที่คาดการณ์ไว้
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lời Nói Dối Trong Dự Kiến
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine vorhersehbare Lüge
|de_tl   = A Predictable Lie
|id      = Kebohongan yang Terduga
|id_tl   = An Expected Lie
|pt      = Uma Mentira Esperada
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Beklenen Bir Yalan
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Una menzogna prevista
|it_tl   = An Expected Lie
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}