{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74516
|image         = Event Quest An Invasion on Hold.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Invasive Fish Wrangler
|requirement   = Earn 3000 Wrangler Points
|characters    = Enghiene; Jala; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Fort Charybdis Ruins]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Morte Region
|subarea       = Fort Charybdis Ruins
|prev          = A Very Fishy Encounter
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''An Invasion on Hold''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Invasive Fish Wrangler]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Jala

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After a spate of spirited fishing, you manage to halt the spread of invasive fish in Fontaine's waters. Meanwhile, you receive some good news from the Maison Gardiennage...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach [[Jala]] after earning 3000 Wrangler Points)
:'''Jala:''' Honorary Knight and The Helper in White, good news!
:'''Jala:''' This is [[Enghiene]] of the [[Maison Gardiennage]]. She has already arrested the supplier behind The Unchained.
:'''Enghiene:''' Hmph! The scoundrel was still counting money even as I kicked the door down... A proper piece of work, that one!
:'''Jala:''' And it looks like your fishing spree's had the desired effect &mdash; there's been a clear reduction in the number of invasive species in these waters...
:'''Jala:''' The way things are going, I'd say it won't take long before the problem's been thoroughly dealt with.
:'''Paimon:''' That's awesome! So, there's no need to worry about the [[Fonta]]... Uhh, Paimon meant, the quality of [[Fontaine]]'s water!
:'''Enghiene:''' You're clearly a very capable hunter! It's not just anyone who can enlist the help of {{Traveler}}, the Grand Chef Supreme of Valor...
:'''Enghiene:''' How does that old phrase go...? That's right, like shooting gulls with a cannon!
:{{DIcon}} Anything to keep those seabirds off my Fisherman's Toast...
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't mind learning how to shoot a cannon!
:'''Paimon:''' Now that Paimon thinks about it, Officer Enghiene looks a little familiar...
:'''Paimon:''' Is it because we're always helping uphold the peace? Paimon must have seen a million officers by now!
:{{DIcon}} Nice to meet you, Officer We've-Never-Met-But-Looks-Familiar!
::'''Enghiene:''' Hahaha! There's no need to act so formally. I'm sure we'll be working together a lot in the future, so let's try to keep it casual.
::'''Enghiene:''' Otherwise, I'm going to have to act all serious every time I run into trouble and need your help. Can you imagine how exhausting that would be?
:{{DIcon}} Have we worked together before, officer?
::'''Enghiene:''' So you do remember me? That's wonderful!
::'''Enghiene:''' The next time we see each other, it'll be just like meeting an old colleague... There'll be no need to tip-toe around and carefully consider each word.
::{{DIcon}} Au naturel is fine by us!
::{{DIcon}} If there's any trouble in the future, we can be sure to help each other out!
:'''Enghiene:''' *sigh* I've been up to my eyeballs with this case for so long, but it looks like I can finally clock out...
:'''Enghiene:''' I think I'll take a trip to [["The Rusty Rudder"|The Rusty Rudder]] for a drink or two. Wait and see if that scumbag and the Unchained make an appearance on the news... Wanna join me?
:'''Jala:''' Thanks for the offer, Officer Enghiene, but I can't let my guard down just yet. These invasive fish don't give up easily, y'know. Who knows what new trouble they might cause?
:'''Jala:''' I can't stop until these waters are completely free of invasive species... but once I'm done, I'll come and find you for a drink!
:'''Enghiene:''' Wow, now that's motivation! Well, guessing it might take you a while, but I'll see you there when you're done!
:'''Enghiene:''' Give it your best and give 'em what for!
:{{Black Screen|Jala returns to the water's edge to continue monitoring the situation...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks that Miss Jala works a bit too hard...
:'''Enghiene:''' Well, I guess... there must have been someone in her past with a really strong sense of responsibility, who had a profound effect on her... It's easy to see how she feels.
:'''Enghiene:''' Watching her work, I don't dare slack off myself.
:{{DIcon}} Motivation is good...
::'''Paimon:''' Working hard is important, but sometimes it's also good to be like {{Traveler}}. Everyone needs a good work-life balance!
:{{DIcon}} But work-life balance is even better.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon agrees! {{Traveler}} is an expert when it comes to not working too hard!
:'''Enghiene:''' In that case, if one day I come to you for professional time-management tips, you'd better not turn me away!
:'''Enghiene:''' Anyway... I'll put in an application to the higher-ups to have the expenses for this operation &mdash; especially your remuneration &mdash; upgraded to the "Main-Cannon-Operational-Expenses" band.
:'''Enghiene:''' Hopefully, the next time I run into trouble, you two will already be there...
:'''Enghiene:''' With any luck, you'll be standing there, hands on hips, greeting me with a smile and a resounding "The problem's already been solved!"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = An Invasion on Hold
|zhs      = 暂时止息的生物入侵…
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 暫時止息的生物入侵…
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 外来種問題、ひとまず一件落着？
|ja_rm    = Gairaishu Mondai, Hitomazu Ikken Rakuchaku?
|ja_tl    = The Problem of Invasive Species Settled For Now?
|ko       = 일단락된 위기…
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Una invasión que contener
|es_tl    = An Invasion to Contain
|fr       = Une invasion interrompue...
|fr_tl    = An Interrupted Invasion...
|ru       = Вторжение существ приостановлено...
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ยับยั้งการบุกรุกของสิ่งมีชีวิตไว้ได้ชั่วคราว...
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Nguy Cơ Tạm Được Kiểm Soát
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Eine Invasion auf Eis gelegt
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Invasi Ditunda
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Uma Invasão em Espera
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Durdurulan İstila
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Un'invasione in sospeso
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.4}}

[[ru:Вторжение существ приостановлено...]]