{{Act Infobox
|image          = Secret Summer Paradise Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Secret Summer Paradise
|actNum         = I
|next           = Mirage Paradise in Crisis!
}}
'''An Invitation From Afar!''' is the first act of the [[Secret Summer Paradise]] event.

==Quests==
# [[A Mysterious Missive on Paper Wings]]
# [[Glaze Domain, Multum in Parvo]]
# [[Zip Along (According to Safe Cart Operating Procedures)]]

==Summary==
{{Description|On a certain day, you and Paimon return to the Knights of Favonius headquarters. There, you learn by chance of an astounding occurrence. The curtains are about to rise upon a most special adventure...}}
;A Mysterious Missive on Paper Wings

During their travels, the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] are asked by [[Jean]] to help out with an issue and arrive at the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]], where they find Jean, [[Klee]] and [[Kaeya]]. Klee tells them that while in solitary confinement, she received a letter from her mother [[Alice]], who told her that a friend was inviting her to their place. However, the friend is in [[Sumeru]] and Klee could not go by herself, so Jean and Kaeya reveal that they had asked the Traveler and Paimon to accompany her. They accept the offer before Jean has Kaeya tag along, since she saw that he had been finishing up backlogged papers. Klee then tells them that the letter also contained a "Magic Invite" that would instantly teleport them to wherever they desired, though they could only use it three times. 

Kaeya is unsure as to where they would be going in Sumeru, so he recommends that they find someone that the Traveler knows in Sumeru. Paimon immediately thinks of [[Tighnari]] and thus they teleport to [[Gandharva Ville]], though Klee pronounces it incorrectly. When they arrive, they head into the ville, finding [[Collei]] and to their surprise, [[Eula]]. Learning why they came, Collei informs them that Tighnari was doing lectures at [[Pardis Dhyai]] and wouldn't be back anytime soon, while Eula came after hearing that one of her cousins came to Sumeru to restore the [[Lawrence Clan]]'s honor and she wanted to ensure he wasn't too fanatical about it.

Taking a look at the paper, Collei deduces that the location is somewhere in the desert and they use the invite to teleport there. Initially, they are unable to find the domain, but the Traveler realizes they should use the domain to find them instead. Klee calls for help, which appears in the form of a bottle and they enter it, finding a magical world inside. The group then proceeds to explore the new area.

;Glaze Domain, Multum in Parvo

Exploring the domain, the group comes across a strange water orb and touches it, resulting in a [[Water Droplet]] appearing. The Water Droplet guides them to another area where they find a blank wall. The Traveler enters the preprint and completes it, freeing another Water Droplet that was stuck in the preprint. The droplet then takes them to a town where they come across [[Idyia]] and [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]]. Idyia is surprised to see more guests and apologizes for the state of the domain, as it had suddenly gone downhill. The group then splits up to find four missing components to repair the domain, with Idyia taking the Traveler and Kokomi with them. They are able to recover the first compartment as Klee and Kaeya return, informing them that a new area had opened up.

;Zip Along (According to Safe Cart Operating Procedures)

Arriving in the new area, the group meets the caretakers of the area; [[Ferdinand]], [[Jeroney]] and [[Haddo]]. They assist the trio in restoring the area back to a running state, where Kaeya reveals that he had also acquired the required component while they were doing so.

Returning to Idyia, she reveals that the three were rescued from a sandstorm when they tried to go on an adventure. She also reveals that Eula and Collei were not able to make much progress, but wanted to explore the jungles to the north once they had rested up.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = An Invitation From Afar!
|zhs     = 远方传来邀请函！
|zhs_rm  = Yuǎnfāng Chuánlái Yāoqǐng-hán!
|zht     = 遠方傳來邀請函！
|zht_rm  = Yuǎnfāng Chuánlái Yāoqǐng-hán!
|zh_tl   = Invitation Letter Sent From Afar!
|ja      = 遠方からの招待状！
|ja_rm   = Enpou kara no Shoutaijou!
|ja_tl   = An Invitation From Afar!
|ko      = 멀리서 온 초대장!
|ko_tl   = An Invitation From Afar!
|es      = ¡Una invitación muy lejana!
|es_tl   = A Very Distant Invitation!
|fr      = Une invitation venue de loin !
|fr_tl   = An Invitation From Afar!
|ru      = Приглашение издалека!
|ru_tl   = An Invitation From Afar!
|th      = บัตรเชิญจากแดนไกล!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thư Mời Từ Phương Xa!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine Einladung aus der Ferne!
|de_tl   = An Invitation From Afar!
|id      = Undangan dari Jauh!
|id_tl   = An Invitation From Afar!
|pt      = Uma Carta de Longe!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Uzaktan Gelen Davet!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un invito da lontano!
|it_tl   = An Invitation From Afar!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[es:¡Una invitación muy lejana!]]
[[pt-br:Uma Carta de Longe!]]