{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = An Introduction to Perfumery
|image             = An Introduction to Perfumery.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-08-01 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-08-07 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/125079
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240801emilie-kryavl/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Emilie
}}
{{Description|Elegant ladies and gentlemen each have their own approach to "wearing" perfume.}}
'''An Introduction to Perfumery''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.8]].

==Event Duration==
August 1, 2024 12:00 – August 7, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, answer four scent selection questions from Emilie and receive the perfume recommended by Emilie along with its description card to obtain in-game rewards.
# After generating the perfume description card, you can select your favorite photo to save or share.
==In-Game Rewards==
Answer Emilie's scent selection questions to obtain Primogems, Character Ascension Materials, and other in-game rewards.
{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*40;Mystic Enhancement Ore*2;Nagadus Emerald Fragment*3;Mora*20,000}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please save it in time.
# After generating the perfume description card, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = An Introduction to Perfumery
|zhs      = 选香入门
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 選香入門
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 香水選び入門
|ja_rm    = Kousui Erabi Nyuumon
|ja_tl    = An Introduction to Perfume Selection
|ko       = 향수<->의 세계로
|ko_tl    = To the World of Perfume
|es       = Introducción a la perfumería
|es_tl    = Introduction to Perfumery
|fr       = Introduction à la parfumerie
|fr_tl    = Introduction to Perfumery
|ru       = Основы парфюмерии
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ก้าวแรกสู่โลกน้ำหอม
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Nước Hoa Nhập Môn
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Einmaleins der Duftwahl
|de_tl    = Basics of Fragrance Selection
|id       = Seputar Perparfuman
|id_tl    = Regarding Perfurmery
|pt       = Introdução à Perfumaria
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Parfümeriye Giriş
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Introduzione alla profumeria
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[es:Introducción a la perfumería]]
[[fr:Introduction à la parfumerie]]
[[ru:Основы парфюмерии]]
[[vi:Nước Hoa Nhập Môn]]