{{Event Tabs}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Begin the event)
:'''Emilie:''' Welcome, are you interested in perfumes as well?
:'''Emilie:''' If you're not sure which fragrance suits you, you can try answering these questions here.
:'''Emilie:''' Let's see what it recommends for you.
;(Start)
::1. A flower shop on the street is handing out a free bouquet. Which type of flower would you choose?
:'''Emilie:''' Having trouble deciding? It's okay, take your time.
;(Choose between A. Pluie Lotus, B. Romaritime Flower, C. Rainbow Rose, D. Lumidouce Bell)
:'''Emilie:''' A distinctive choice.
;(Change the selection)
:'''Emilie:''' You want to select all of them? That doesn't work. Perhaps I'll consider preparing a few multiple choice questions next time
;(Change the selection again)
:'''Emilie:''' Don't mind me, just follow your own heart.
::2. If you were to take a photo at one of the following locations, which would you choose?
;(Choose between A. Palais Mermonia, B. Chioriya Boutique, C. Vasari Passage, D. Café Lutece)
::3. Which of the following is your forte during your adventures?
;(Choose between A. Completing commissions, B. Defeating monsters, C. Making new friends, D. Exploring ruins)
:;(If you did chose A. or C.)
:::4. Which of the following categories of content do you read first when reading newspapers?
::;(Choose between A. Gossip, B. Beauty column, C. Crime novels, D. Fashion features)
:;(If you did chose B. or D.)
:::4. In your opinion, which better captures Fontaine's unique characteristics?
::;(Choose between A. Fonta, B. Fountain of Lucine)
:'''Emilie:''' I see. I think I know the answer now.
:'''Emilie:''' I recommend this perfume.
:'''Emilie:''' And here are some free gifts. Just pick whichever one you like.
;(Choose between Pearl Shell, Rainbow Rose, Blubberbeast Ornament, Aroma Stone)
:'''Emilie:''' The card with the perfume description is also included in the gift box. Would you like to take a look?
;(Click the gift box)
;(Click the Fonta sign)
:'''Emilie:''' During the event, if you purchase Fonta and find "Have Another Bottle" under the cap, you can get a free perfume of that same name by presenting your purchase receipt.
:'''Emilie:''' Would you like to try your luck today?
;(Click Emilie - one of the following is chosen at random)
:'''Emilie:''' Curious about the scent of other perfumes? Please use the scent strips on the table to try them out yourself.
:'''Emilie:''' Perfume design not only requires solid experience but also bold imagination.
{{Dialogue End}}

[[ru:Основы парфюмерии/История]]
[[vi:Nước Hoa Nhập Môn/Cốt Truyện]]