{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01002
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = I
|act           = Of the Land Amidst Monoliths
|part          = 2
|description   = During the rite, the appointed moment arrived. Yet when the clouds parted, a divine carcass crashed down to earth, knocking all the offerings over. Amid the chaos and confusion, the Qixing ordered that the assassin be arrested. Unable to prove your innocence, you were forced to accept the help of Childe of the Fatui, and as suggested by him, you are now headed for Jueyun Karst, a hidden abode where the adepti dwell...
|startLocation = [[Qingyun Peak]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Rite of Descension
|next          = Wangshu
|next2         = Moulder of Mountains
|next3         = Custodian of Clouds
|exp           = 550
|mora          = 16,325
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|6}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|characters    = Moon Carver;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|1|part=2}}

==Steps==
#Meet the adepti in [[Jueyun Karst]]
#Fight with support from the adepti

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}
;(At Jueyun Karst)
:{{A|vo lyaq002 2 mooncarver 01.ogg}} '''???:''' And who might we be? Those that dare enter Jueyun Karst?
:{{DIcon}} I was sent here.
:{{DIcon}} Please take a look at this.
:{{A|vo lyaq002 2 mooncarver 02.ogg}} '''???:''' A Sigil of Permission... Many a season has passed since one was last in the presence of such an item.
:{{A|vo lyaq002 2 mooncarver 03.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' He before you is the mighty and illuminated adeptus, Moon Carver. Speak, traveler. What business have you here?
:{{A|vo lyaq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually...
:{{A|vo lyaq002 2 millelithsergeant 01.ogg}} '''Millelith Sergeant:''' It's the assassin! They dared to flee here to Jueyun Karst!
:{{A|vo lyaq002 2 millelithsoldier 01.ogg}} '''Millelith Soldier:''' Sir, we've already stepped too far into Jueyun Karst ourselves...
:{{A|vo lyaq002 2 millelithsergeant 02.ogg}} '''Millelith Sergeant:''' We... Argh, there's no choice. Apprehending the assassin is top priority, we must press on!
:{{A|vo lyaq002 2 mooncarver 04.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' ...disturbing our borders.
:{{A|vo lyaq002 2 mooncarver 05.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' See them gone. One will not have interruption.
----
;(During the fight)<!--None of them have subtitles-->
:'''Millelith Sergeant:''' Who goes there?
:'''Millelith Sergeant:''' Attack!
:'''Millelith Sergeant:''' Take the target alive!
:'''Millelith Sergeant:''' Take this!
<!--Also says something like "for victory", but it could also be "lithic tree" so I'm not sure-->
----
;(After defeating the Millelith guards)
:'''Moon Carver:''' We've digressed. State your purpose, traveler.
:{{A|vo lyaq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well...
{{Cutscene Description|You tell Moon Carver what happened at Yujing Terrace...}}

:;(Fastforward the summary of recent events)
:{{A|vo lyaq002 4 mooncarver 02.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' Preposterous...
:{{A|vo lyaq002 4 mooncarver 03.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' PREPOSTEROUS!!!
:{{A|vo lyaq002 4 mooncarver 04.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' The Liyue Qixing... utterly disappointing.
:{{A|vo lyaq002 4 mooncarver 05.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' How could someone possibly assassinate Rex Lapis during the Rite of Descension...
:{{A|vo lyaq002 4 mooncarver 06.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' And then place suspicion upon the attendees!?
:{{A|vo lyaq002 4 mooncarver 07.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyaq002 4 mooncarver 08.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' Traveler, of the unjust accusations placed upon you, one has become aware.
:{{A|vo lyaq002 4 mooncarver 09.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' The mind knows its answer. Though one must consult with one's fellows, lest the mind be misguided.
:{{A|vo lyaq002 4 mooncarver 10.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' Go. Take your Sigil of Permission, carry with you a message.
:{{DIcon}} Who should I look for?
:{{DIcon}} Where should I go?
:{{A|vo lyaq002 4 mooncarver 11.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' Mountain Shaper and Cloud Retainer can be found here. Only fate will decide if you shall find them &mdash; only fate.
:{{A|vo lyaq002 4 mooncarver 12.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' There exists a Conqueror of Demons, a Guardian Yaksha. Go to Wangshu Inn. There you shall seek him.
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = An Impromptu Change of Plan
|zhs     = 惊变
|zhs_rm  = Jīng Biàn
|zht     = 驚變
|zht_rm  = Jīng Biàn
|zh_tl   = Sudden Change
|ja      = 驚き
|ja_rm   = Odoroki
|ja_tl   = Surprise
|ko      = 급변
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Cambio inesperado
|es_tl   = Unexpected Change
|fr      = Changement de plan
|fr_tl   = Change of Plan
|ru      = Неожиданная смена планов
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การเปลี่ยนแปลงสถานการณ์ที่ไม่คาดคิด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Unexpected Change of the Situation
|vi      = {{tt|Kinh Biến|惊变}}
|vi_tl   = Sudden Change{{Sino|vi}}
|de      = Erschreckende Wendung
|de_tl   = Shocking Turn
|id      = Perubahan Situasi yang tak Terduga
|id_tl   = Unexpected Change of the Situation
|pt      = Mudança Inesperada da Situação
|pt_tl   = Unexpected Change of the Situation
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]

[[es:Cambio inesperado]]
[[pt-br:Mudança Inesperada da Situação]]