{{Event
|name              = An Invitation to Memories From Mimo
|image             = An Invitation to Memories From Mimo.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-05-15 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-06-04 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/18544714
|link2             = https://act.hoyolab.com/bbs/event/20230417mimo-sea/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Snow has melted, and our journey goes on as we waltz into a blooming spring. Stories between you and HoYoLAB, as well as ones between you and Genshin Impact, will keep unfolding.<br>Claim and open your exclusive report. There's also in-game rewards for you!}}
'''An Invitation to Memories From Mimo''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.6]].

=="An Invitation to Memories From Mimo" Web Event Details==
===Event Duration===
May 15, 2023 00:00 – June 4, 2023 24:00 (UTC+8)

===Event Rewards===
After watching the memory report and sharing, you can receive Hero's Wit ×5.
*Rewards cannot be claimed after the event ends. Please claim them in time.

===Event Description===
# After logging into the event page, you can watch your memories in HoYoLAB and Genshin Impact.
# The data collection period of the event is from May 1, 2022 to April 30, 2023 (there may be a delay of about 30 minutes).
# Only Travelers who have played "Genshin Impact" for more than 30 minutes during the data collection period can view their personal data.
# Before sharing or disclosing your report data, please ensure that you have read and accepted the Event Rules and Privacy Policy.
# To claim the event rewards, Travelers must first share an event card (which will be found at the end of the event page and can be used to share personal data).

===Notes===
By default, your avatar is the same as your avatar from the game. If your avatar changes in the game, the information on the page will be synchronized with a certain time delay. We thank you for your patience.

=="An Invitation to Memories From Mimo" Feedback Submission Rewards Event==
If you like fun data display events such as "An Invitation to Memories From Mimo," you are welcome to leave your ideas in the Suggestion Submission Rewards Event below.

Your ideas and suggestions will be indispensable resources and inspirations for our next event.

[https://hoyo.link/c3amCBAd >>> Click to Submit Suggestions <<<]

===Submission Period===
May 15, 2023 – June 4, 2023 24:00 (UTC+8)

===Event Rewards===
Mimo will randomly select a given number of Travelers who have submitted their ideas and suggestions to give out the following rewards:
# Best Suggestion Prize (1 Winner): Jumpy Dumpty Plush Toy Cushion ×1
# Creativity Prize (5 winners): Jumpy Dumpty Mug ×1
# Participation Prize (10 winners): "Paimon's Not Emergency Food!" Paimon Food Theme Blind Box ×1 (random design)

===Prize Announcement and Distribution Rules===
# The Winners List will be announced by June 30, 2023.
# Only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# Participating Travelers in the event should enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued.<br>Link to system notification settings: https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# If you have received a system message regarding reward delivery, please fill out your shipping information according to the guidelines within one month of receiving said message. If you failed to fill in the required information in time, you will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited the reward.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = An Invitation to Memories From Mimo
|zhs     = 来自Mimo的回忆邀请
|zhs_rm  = Láizì Mimo de Huíyì Yāoqǐng
|zht     = 來自Mimo的回憶邀請
|zht_rm  = Láizì Mimo de Huíyì Yāoqǐng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ミモからの思い出招待
|ja_rm   = Mimo kara no Omoide Shoutai
|ja_tl   = An Invitation to Memories From Mimo
|ko      = Mimo의 추억 초대장
|ko_rm   = Mimo-ui Chueok Chodaejang
|ko_tl   = Mimo's Memory Invitation
|es      = Invitación para recordar de Mimo
|es_tl   = Invitation to Remember From Mimo
|fr      = Une invitation aux souvenirs de la part de Mimo
|fr_tl   = An Invitation to Memories From Mimo
|ru      = Приглашение предаться воспоминаниям от Mimo
|ru_tl   = An Invitation to Memories From Mimo
|th      = คำเชิญแห่งความทรงจำจาก Mimo
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lời Mời Kỷ Niệm Từ Mimo
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Einladung zu Erinnerungen von Mimo
|de_tl   = Invitation to Memories From Mimo	
|id      = Undangan Mengenang dari Mimo
|id_tl   = Remembrance Invitation From Mimo
|pt      = Convite em busca de memórias do Mimo
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Mimo'dan Gelen Hatıra Daveti
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ricorda insieme a Mimo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[ja:ミモからの思い出招待]]
[[pt-br:Convite em busca de memórias do Mimo]]