{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71809
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
|requirement   = Complete ''[[A New Star Approaches]]''
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Mora*20,000;Teachings of Prosperity*5;Teachings of Diligence*5;Teachings of Gold*5;Qingzhou's Signature*1
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 185
|characters    = Fan Er'ye; Hao (Liyue Harbor); Paimon; Qingzhou; Traveler
}}
'''''An Ode to Yonder City''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Qingzhou]]
# Look for poetic inspiration at the south wharf
# Look for poetic inspiration at Bubu Pharmacy
# Look for poetic inspiration near Yujing Terrace
# Talk to people at Yujing Terrace (0/2)
# Report back to Qingzhou

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Liyue's crisis has settled down, but it has brought a wave of change to the city. The poet [[Qingzhou]] would like to capture these shifts in verse...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Qingzhou)
:'''Qingzhou:''' How unexpected...
:{{DIcon}} What's unexpected?
:'''Qingzhou:''' I originally wished to enter the mountains to seek the adepti, my liege. Yet now Liyue seems to shed its skin with every passing day &mdash; do poets such as I have any reason not to write a few poems of leisure?
:'''Qingzhou:''' Still, though my heart is burdened with words, they are too scattered, and lack a central spirit of poetry to rally around. I was just puzzling over the matter.
:{{DIcon}} Wh&mdash;Whatever do you mean, my liege?
:'''Qingzhou:''' Ah, but you are no poet. It is normal if you do not understand. The flow of a poet's words is a mystery unto itself.
:'''Qingzhou:''' But other than the words, the poetic spirit itself is fraught with many meanings. Meanings that I shall explain to you in detail, in exchange, perhaps, for a little favor...
:{{DIcon}} H&mdash;Hold your horses. What favor?
:'''Qingzhou:''' Ahaha, do not fret, my liege. It's like this...
:'''Qingzhou:''' I merely feel that if I am to offer up a poem for Liyue as it is today, then I must draw inspiration from the city itself.
:'''Qingzhou:''' You are well-traveled, my liege, and must surely be learned in many fields, including that of social grace. Perhaps, then, you could go to Liyue Harbor in my stead to gather data&mdash;
:'''Qingzhou:''' No, no. Perhaps the intentionality shall render the exercise mediocre yet. And moreover, you are... Ahem, please allow me to marshal my thoughts.
:'''Qingzhou:''' How about this, then? You merely need to go through the city as you are wont to &mdash; then return, and tell me of the things that catch your eye.
:{{DIcon}} I'll do it.
::'''Qingzhou:''' Splendiferous! I shall be counting on you, my liege.
:{{DIcon}} I'm afraid I have other things to do.
::'''Qingzhou:''' No harm done, my liege. Poetry requires inspiration, and inspiration may not be coerced. I shall ponder a little by myself.
;(Talk to Qingzhou again, optional)
:'''Qingzhou:''' Truly, Liyue feels... a little too different.
----
;(Go to the south wharf)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, there's lots of dogs gathered around here. Does that count as something you'd put in a poem?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, we might as well write it down. Maybe that poet can make something out of it...

;(Go to the Bubu Pharmacy)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, look at all those finches. It might be great fun to compose a poem out of that!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's write this down.

;(Go to the Yujing Terrace)
:'''Paimon:''' There's quite a few people around here. Let's go chat with them and see what they have to say.
----
;(Talk to [[Hao (Liyue Harbor)|Hao]])
:'''Hao:''' All is well, all is well...
:{{DIcon}} What's well?
:'''Hao:''' Oh, it's you, Traveler. So, there was a big incident in the city earlier, right?
:'''Hao:''' Well, it's well that nothing untoward happened afterward... And more importantly, it's well that all the food stalls in the city are still open.
:'''Hao:''' I mean, what would become of all those delicacies I enjoyed otherwise...
:{{DIcon}} Ah, so it's about eating, then...
:'''Hao:''' Hey, don't you look down on it. The quickest way to know if a place is good or not is to see how its cuisine tastes.
:'''Hao:''' Ah, just talking about this is making me hungry again. Maybe I should go get a little something...

;(Talk to Hao again, optional)
:'''Hao:''' Ah, all this talking is making me hungry. What should I eat...

;(Talk to [[Fan Er'ye]])
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' The more I hear of this opera, the less I understand it...
:{{DIcon}} Is something wrong?
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' Why, hello there, Traveler. Well, here's the problem: Heyu Tea House has released a few new operas lately.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' But they're&mdash; Well, they're most lively, that's for sure. But I do not quite comprehend them, or how the young people seem to enjoy it so very much.
:{{DIcon}} And how do you feel about that?
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' That's a good question. Personally, I don't mind hearing some old classics. They're what I'm used to, after all.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' But at the same time, Liyue Harbor is undergoing so many changes. A few new operas seem to fit the reigning mood just fine, too.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' *sigh* Still, these changes feel all too swift. The old operas haven't played in a while. I wonder what Rex Lapis would&mdash; No, let us not speak of that...

;(Talk to Fan Er'ye again, optional)
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' *sigh* How quickly this city changes...
----
;(Talk to Qingzhou)
:'''Qingzhou:''' What have you learned, my liege?
:{{DIcon}} A fair bit.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Oh, verily? Please, do share.
:{{DIcon}} There are lots of dogs by the south wharf.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Oh, good, good. Most lively indeed.
:{{DIcon}} The Bubu Pharmacy hosts many finches nearby.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Finches, yes... A sign of peaceful times. Lovely poetic imagery.
:{{DIcon}} Some only care for eating...
:'''Qingzhou:''' Haha, there is nothing wrong with that. Eating is one of the prime needs and joys of life &mdash; especially in a city such as Liyue Harbor.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Yes, this too is quite fascinating. I will record this. It may yet be of use.
:{{DIcon}} Some feel that things are changing too quickly.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hmm, that too is as we should expect. To some, Liyue must almost seem to be shedding its skin with every passing day. Even I find it hard to keep up or accept every single shift...
:'''Qingzhou:''' But this is a matter most broad &mdash; I fear that a single poem may not capture it adequately. Still, I shall write it down.
:'''Qingzhou:''' That should do for now. I see that I chose wisely in seeking your aid, my liege.
:'''Qingzhou:''' I believe that this will add at least a few new entries to my next anthology.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Ah, yes, apart from some material goods, I have also prepared a little gift for you. Please take it as thanks for your succour.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Once my new anthology is published, you may exchange this signature for a free copy.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Qingzhou's Signature}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = An Ode to Yonder City
|zhs     = 此诗送此城
|zhs_rm  = Cǐ Shī Sòng Cǐ Chéng
|zht     = 此詩送此城
|zht_rm  = Cǐ Shī Sòng Cǐ Chéng
|zh_tl   = This Poem Given to This City
|ja      = この街にこの詩を
|ja_rm   = Kono Machi ni Kono Shi wo
|ja_tl   = This Poem for This City
|ko      = 도시에 바치는 시
|ko_rm   = Dosi-e Bachineun Si
|ko_tl   = A Poem to City
|es      = Un poema para la ciudad
|es_tl   = A Poem for the City
|fr      = Poème pour la cité
|fr_tl   = Poem for the City
|ru      = Дарю мой стих этому городу
|ru_tl   = I Dedicate This Poem to This City
|th      = บทกวีอุทิศแด่เมืองนี้
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thơ Này Tặng Thành Này
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Gedicht an jene Stadt
|de_tl   = A Poem for that City
|id      = Syair untuk Kota
|id_tl   = Ode to City
|pt      = Essa Poesia, Essa Cidade
|pt_tl   = That Poetry, That City
|tr      = Orada Bir Şehir Var Uzakta
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un'ode alla città
|it_tl   = An Ode to the City
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[es:Un poema para la ciudad]]
[[ja:この街にこの詩を]]
[[ru:Дарю мой стих этому городу]]