{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 25018
|type          = Commission
|image         = <!--Commission {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png-->
|startLocation = [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame: Chuwen Fair]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Basin of Unnumbered Flames
|subarea       = Stadium of the Sacred Flame
|poi           = Stadium of the Sacred Flame: Chuwen Fair
|requirement   = <!--Any quest that needs to be completed first-->
|rewards       = 
|otherRewards  = AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Cheven; Iaune; Imix; Michica; Roca; Roialte; Traveler; Yelafath
|npc           = Iaune
}}
'''''An Official Mission''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Natlan]].

==Steps==
# Listen to the two Fontainians' discussion<!--is this only for initial encounter?-->
# Talk to [[Iaune]]
:;If the player chooses to visit the [[Children of Echoes]]{{Colon}}
#<li value=2> Go to the Children of Echoes
::;If the player receives the drill version{{Colon}}
:#<li value=3> Go to [[Muhuru's Gemporium]]
::;If the player receives the performance version{{Colon}}
:#<li value=3> Watch the performance on stage
:;If the player chooses to visit the [[Scions of the Canopy]]{{Colon}}
#<li value=2> Go to the Scions of the Canopy
::;If the player receives the rock climbing version{{Colon}}
:#<li value=3> Go to the edge of the platform
::;If the player receives the delivery version{{Colon}}
:#<li value=3> Talk to [[Michica]]
:# Follow Michica to check out the [[Courier's Longhouse (Point of Interest)|Courier's Longhouse]]
:;If the player chooses to visit the [[People of the Springs]]{{Colon}}
#<li value=2> Go to the People of the Springs
::;If the player receives the shopping version{{Colon}}
:#<li value=3> Go to [[Atlahua's Net]]
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* Note 1
-->
==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Check for dialogue if you haven't met Iaune and Roialte before}}
{{Quest Description|You meet two seemingly troubled Fontainians in Natlan...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
===Initial Encounter===
;(Talk to Iaune or [[Roialte]])
:'''Iaune:''' This place is positively sweltering... I'm starting to miss the cold drinks back at the Maison.
:'''Iaune:''' Mr. Roialte, I am still struggling to see why our office was the one selected for an official delegation to Natlan.
:'''Iaune:''' Shouldn't business affairs be handled by a department with a more specific trade mandate?
:'''Roialte:''' You're absolutely right, young man. Those in charge of trade will do the actual "handling" of this matter &mdash; we are only here to make "preliminary contact."
:'''Iaune:''' Goodness! Couldn't they just come here themselves, then? It's not as if that lot does anything useful most days. You know, apart from considering how to export Rainbow Roses in bulk at absurd markups!
:'''Roialte:''' Ah, the [[Rainbow Rose]] exports... That is one of their primary tasks, yes.
:'''Iaune:''' Be that as it may, they've been "considering" it over for three whole months this year. Just like they do every year, in fact!
:'''Iaune:''' And the results of their "careful consideration"? They simply decided to find another time next year to give the matter another three months' "consideration"!
:'''Roialte:''' Well, it is a matter that is worth careful consideration. It is related to our department's work, after all.
:'''Iaune:''' I'll be frank, It seems to me that the one thing they do do, is do their best not to do anything at all.
:'''Roialte:''' Hahahaha, precisely! And if everyone was like that, then we Gestionnaires would have some peace and quiet.
:'''Roialte:''' So, now do you understand why we were the ones the Maison sent to establish preliminary contact?
:'''Iaune:''' No, sir, I do not. All I see is our office's seal on this notice &mdash; and only ours!
:'''Roialte:''' Oh dearie me, and isn't it our office that has a most enthusiastic and capable young man on staff?

;(If the player has not completed [[A Certain Stamp]]){{Verify}}
:{{DIcon}} You don't look like you're from around here...
:{{DIcon}} Fontainians, I presume?
::'''Roialte:''' Most observant of you! We are Gestionnaires of [[Fontaine]]'s [[Maison Gestion]]. Roialte's my name, and this is Iaune.
::{{DIcon}} And I'm {{Traveler}}.
::'''Iaune:''' Good day to you, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} I see you two were having a lively discussion.
::'''Roialte:''' Indeed we were! Ample discussion is necessary prior to progressing any task... Especially when said task is not proceeding as expected.
:{{DIcon}} What are you two doing here, exactly?
:{{DIcon}} Are you here to sell [[Fonta]]?
::'''Roialte:''' Fonta... I fear such a project would be far beyond the remit of our office.
:'''Roialte:''' In truth, our work here in Natlan is to find out "what work there is to do."
:'''Roialte:''' Simply put, we were sent to look for opportunities for collaboration, be they in trade, travel... or whatever else.
:'''Roialte:''' So long as we can find something for the gentlemen back at the Maison to busy themselves with, we shall have succeeded.
:'''Iaune:''' We haven't even any leads at the moment, though. *sigh* Never mind everything else, we haven't even found a single proper contact.
:'''Roialte:''' But today we have met just such a person. In my view, this kind-hearted {{MC|m=gentleman|f=lady}} will resolve all the questions that confound us.
:{{DIcon}} What questions are those?
:{{DIcon}} I do know a thing or two about Natlan...
::'''Roialte:''' Wonderful!
:'''Roialte:''' I shall be direct, then. Dear {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}}{{Traveler}}, do you know who is in charge here?
:{{DIcon}} Erm... the [[Pyro Archon]]?
:'''Iaune:''' Uhhh...
:'''Roialte:''' That... stands to reason.
:'''Roialte:''' *cough* Anyway... Natlan is a nation of many tribes, so there must always be many matters to attend to in meetings. As for the venue for such meetings...
:{{DIcon}} That would be here.
:'''Roialte:''' Alright. In that case, where may we find an office that oversees business affairs here, so that we may submit our official documentation there?
:'''Roialte:''' Besides, I believe that matters of trade between two nations require a formal coordination committee to be convened. We must put a list of participants together as soon as possible.
:{{DIcon}} You can discuss it with people from each of the various tribes.
:'''Roialte:''' Uhm, do you... mean to say that there are no overall administrative offices, offices responsible for individual industries, or intermediate departments that transmit and issue tasks here?
:{{DIcon}} Things just aren't that difficult around here.
::'''Iaune:''' On the contrary, this could make things far more difficult...
:{{DIcon}} Or maybe I could just take you guys straight to the Archon?
::'''Roialte:''' I... do not believe that the matter at hand is of sufficient import to warrant such a meeting.
:'''Roialte:''' *sigh* Very well, then, I guess that's just how things are. If nothing else, those in our office specialize in accepting present realities that cannot be changed.
:'''Roialte:''' Come on then, lad, time we got to work. We'll do a round, visit each of the tribes in turn and see if there are any business opportunities to be had.
:'''Roialte:''' Dear {{Traveler}}, could we ask you to show us the way once more?
:'''Roialte:''' There will be no need to worry about compensation. The Maison has granted us a sizable discretionary expense account. I'm sure we can come to an arrangement that will leave a smile on your face.
:'''Iaune:''' That's the silver lining. Were we in Fontaine, it could take a month for a sum this size to find its way to your pocket.
:'''Roialte:''' Ha! Only a month? Only if it didn't take any detours along the way!
:'''Roialte:''' Alright, back to business. In your opinion, {{Traveler}}...
:'''Roialte:''' Which tribe should we visit this time?
:{{DIcon}} The Children of Echoes.
:{{DIcon}} The Scions of the Canopy.
:{{DIcon}} The People of the Springs.
:'''Roialte:''' We'll do as you suggest. Iaune, make sure to keep records. Let's get going.
:'''Iaune:''' I will, sir. But... They don't have any official notarized seals that could validate the veracity of the records I make...
:'''Roialte:''' Hmm... In that case, we could ask them to sign? Or perhaps use fingerprints as stamps? We'll find a way.
:'''Iaune:''' Yes sir, Mr. Roialte...
:;(Continues randomly to one of the two versions at the tribe chosen by the player)

;(If the player has completed [[A Certain Stamp]]){{Verify}}
:{{DIcon}} Wait, you're Iaune!
:{{DIcon}} Huh? Why are you guys here?
::'''Iaune:''' Why, {{Traveler}}! Dunk me in the Fountain and call me a fulmar, it's really you!
::'''Roialte:''' Haha! Well, well, if it isn't our favorite {{MC|m=good-hearted fellow|f=kind-hearted lady}}.
::'''Roialte:''' See now, lad, do I not say that fair weather is never far from the optimist?
:{{DIcon}} I see you two were having a lively discussion.
::'''Roialte:''' Indeed we were! Ample discussion is necessary prior to progressing any task.
:{{DIcon}} Hmm. Where's [[Semaine]]?
::'''Iaune:''' Preparing for his wedding, I'm afraid. Shan't be able to extricate himself anytime soon.
::'''Iaune:''' The official notice did state that he was to travel with us &mdash; in principle, that is...
::'''Roialte:''' Well, I'm sure we can wait a few days for him on dear [[Linorea|Ms. Linorea]]'s account.
::'''Roialte:''' Till then, you shall have to content yourself with just the two of us engaging in enthusiastic discourse regarding our work.
:'''Roialte:''' Though as you may have surmised... our progress has not been ideal.
:{{DIcon}} What are you two doing here, exactly?
:{{DIcon}} Are you here to sell Fonta?
::'''Roialte:''' Fonta... I fear such a project would be far beyond the remit of our office.
:'''Roialte:''' In truth, our work here in Natlan is to find out "what work there is to do."
:{{DIcon}} Ah, now that's the Maison Gestion I know.
:{{DIcon}} We're not in Fontaine anymore, friend. Speak plainly.
:'''Roialte:''' Simply put, we were sent to look for opportunities for collaboration, be they in trade, travel... or whatever else.
:'''Roialte:''' So long as we can find something for the gentlemen back at the Maison to busy themselves with, we shall have succeeded.
:'''Iaune:''' We haven't even any leads at the moment, though. *sigh* Never mind everything else, we haven't even found a single proper contact.
:'''Roialte:''' Ah, but now we have. Do you know the person in charge here, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Erm... the Pyro Archon?
:'''Iaune:''' Uhhh...
:'''Roialte:''' That... stands to reason.
:'''Roialte:''' *cough* Anyway... Natlan is a nation of many tribes, so there must always be many matters to attend to in meetings. As for the venue for such meetings...
:{{DIcon}} That would be here.
:'''Roialte:''' Alright. In that case, where may we find an office that oversees business affairs here, so that we may submit our official documentation there?
:'''Roialte:''' Besides, I believe that matters of trade between two nations require a formal coordination committee to be convened. We must put a list of participants together as soon as possible.
:{{DIcon}} You can discuss it with people from each of the various tribes.
:'''Roialte:''' Uhm, do you... mean to say that there are no overall administrative offices, offices responsible for individual industries, or intermediate departments that transmit and issue tasks here?
:{{DIcon}} Things just aren't that difficult around here.
::'''Iaune:''' On the contrary, this could make things far more difficult...
:{{DIcon}} Or maybe I could just take you guys straight to the Archon?
::'''Roialte:''' I... do not believe that the matter at hand is of sufficient import to warrant such a meeting.
:'''Roialte:''' *sigh* Very well, then, I guess that's just how things are. If nothing else, those in our office specialize in accepting present realities that cannot be changed.
:'''Roialte:''' Come on then, lad, time we got to work. We'll do a round, visit each of the tribes in turn and see if there are any business opportunities to be had.
:'''Roialte:''' Dear {{Traveler}}, could we ask you to show us the way once more?
:'''Roialte:''' There will be no need to worry about compensation. The Maison has granted us a sizable discretionary expense account. I'm sure we can come to an arrangement that will leave a smile on your face.
:'''Iaune:''' That's the silver lining. Were we in Fontaine, it could take a month for a sum this size to find its way to your pocket.
:'''Roialte:''' Ha! Only a month? Only if it didn't take any detours along the way!
:'''Roialte:''' Alright, back to business. In your opinion, {{Traveler}}...
:'''Roialte:''' Which tribe should we visit this time?
:{{DIcon}} The Children of Echoes.
:{{DIcon}} The Scions of the Canopy.
:{{DIcon}} The People of the Springs.
:'''Roialte:''' We'll do as you suggest. Iaune, make sure to keep records. Let's get going.
:'''Iaune:''' I will, sir. But... They don't have any official notarized seals that could validate the veracity of the records I make...
:'''Roialte:''' Hmm... In that case, we could ask them to sign? Or perhaps use fingerprints as stamps? We'll find a way.
:'''Iaune:''' Yes sir, Mr. Roialte...
:;(Continues randomly to one of the two versions at the tribe chosen by the player)

===Subsequent Encounters===
;(Talk to Iaune or Roialte)
:'''Roialte:''' Well then, that was fruitful. Natlan is indeed a marvelous nation, wouldn't you agree, Iaune?
:'''Iaune:''' Yes, Mr. Roialte...
:'''Roialte:''' *sigh* Come now, young man, chin up. Having nice chats with the ladies and gentlemen of Natlan is better than sitting in the office pushing papers, surely?
:'''Iaune:''' Surely so, sir. But every document has its final full stop. I can't say the same for this work...
:'''Roialte:''' Now, now, don't fret. Work always ends when it should.
:{{DIcon}} Going to continue your exploration of business development opportunities?
:'''Roialte:''' Aha! There you are. Our journey through Natlan may now continue.
:'''Iaune:''' I hope you've been in good health, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}...
:{{DIcon}} You look a little off your game, Iaune...
:'''Roialte:''' He simply needs time to adapt. It's only normal to feel lost when torn so suddenly from one's office desk and one's seals and stamps and schedules.
:'''Roialte:''' Anyway, come then! I'd like to hear your thoughts. Which tribe should we visit this time?
:{{DIcon}} The Children of Echoes.
:{{DIcon}} The Scions of the Canopy.
:{{DIcon}} The People of the Springs.
:'''Roialte:''' Indeed! Let us go, then.
:'''Iaune:''' I should've brought a [[Kamera]] with me. That way, we could at least have some kind of verifiable record...
:;(Continues randomly to one of the two versions at the tribe chosen by the player)

===Children of Echoes: Drill Version===
;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Iaune:''' What is that? A drill? How does it even move?
:'''Roialte:''' "Ask not the springs of why they flow, for since times past has it been so." Just admire the sight, Iaune.
:'''Iaune:''' Alright... But I must say that these Children of Echoes have a most unique aesthetic taste...
:'''Roialte:''' Just so, yes. {{Traveler}}, could you lead us deeper in?

;(Talk to [[Cheven]] or [[Imix]] at Muhuru's Gemporium)
:'''Cheven:''' Hey there. You sure don't look like our tribesfolk &mdash; an unusual sight indeed! Are you here for accessories, or for weapons?
:'''Iaune:''' Is this... a gemstone? Or a mineral? Simply stunning!
:'''Imix:''' Are you two from Fontaine? We've got lots of fine ores here! Hmm... Like this blue ore, for instance!
:'''Imix:''' But if you want accessories, you'll have to wait a few days, because Master Cheven's going to start from scratch.
:'''Iaune:''' Mr. Roialte, what do you think...
:'''Roialte:''' Thank you for the most considerate introduction, dear Miss. Forgive me for being presumptuous, but might I inquire who the shop owner is?
:'''Cheven:''' That's me. Just call me Cheven.
:'''Roialte:''' Alright. Ms. Cheven, I am a Gestionnaire, from the Maison Gestion of Fontaine's [[Palais Mermonia]]. Would you be interested in signing a partnership agreement to collaborate with us?
:'''Cheven:''' A partnership agreement? You want to buy accessories, then? Just tell me what you need, and I'll jot it down somewhere.
:'''Roialte:''' Wonderful! In that case, let us sign a contract here and now. Did you bring the commercial partnership contracts with you, Iaune?
:'''Iaune:''' Yes, sir. This is the commercial partnership agreement, the confidentiality agreement, the notice of obligations, and the partnership certification from our liaison department...
:'''Iaune:''' Now then, Ms. Cheven, please sign here, here... and here. Do you have an official seal? A fingerprint will do as well.
:'''Cheven:''' Uh... I'm not against doing business. But what's all this about? Are you afraid that I won't honor our agreement?
:'''Cheven:''' Hmph. If I fail to keep my word, you can roll right up to our tribe's land and find me. My shop's not going anywhere.
:'''Roialte:''' You misunderstand, Ms. Cheven. We will also be signing these documents, as the parties responsible for this partnership program.
:'''Roialte:''' However many signatures you sign or fingerprints you press, I will match them one for one.
:'''Cheven:''' Hmm? So you don't trust yourself either? With all these records, you'd still lie to yourselves?
:'''Roialte:''' Hahaha, you're quite perceptive. I've seen this happen firsthand many times, in fact.
:'''Roialte:''' My own professional experience indicates that the person people are best at deceiving is none other than themselves, which is why these documents must be signed by both parties.
:'''Cheven:''' Your Fontaine is so strange... Imix, you come have a look at the documentation too, just in case I miss something.
:'''Imix:''' Ah? Me too?
:'''Cheven:''' Yes, you too. I feel our Fontainian friends here will feel safer the more eyes we have on this "contract" of theirs.
:'''Imix:''' Eh, um, alright...
:'''Iaune:''' ...Roialte's way with words is something I just can't learn.
:'''Iaune:''' Let's leave the signing of the contract to them. As for us, {{Traveler}}, let's settle the matter of payment.
:'''Iaune:''' According to our agreement... Here, take this. The amount should be correct.
:{{DIcon}} W&mdash;Wait a minute. I didn't do anything...
:'''Iaune:''' You were present as a trustworthy third party for these business negotiations. That is sufficient.
:'''Iaune:''' Were it just the two of us talking business with people here, we might even get a visit from the Maison Gardiennage the instant we got back to Fontaine...
:'''Iaune:''' In any case, just take it. I'm going to collect the documents now.

===Children of Echoes: Performance Version===
;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Iaune:''' Wait, this... is a dance?
:'''Roialte:''' How... expressive. Yes. Leaves quite the impression, too.
:'''Roialte:''' Hm, it might be good if we could invite them to perform in Fontaine.
:'''Iaune:''' At the opera house, sir? But...
:'''Roialte:''' Of course not. We will find a more suitable venue for these fine gentlemen.
:'''Roialte:''' But before that, let us find the person who leads them... Okay. Hmm. I can't tell who that is.
:'''Iaune:''' Um, perhaps we might... Wait for them to finish before asking for further details?
:'''Roialte:''' Just so, young man. Let us do that. Ah, but sweet Fountain of Lucine, who knows when they shall finish?
:'''Roialte:''' Iaune, please give {{Traveler}} {{MC|m=his|f=her}} compensation. We wouldn't have found this place without {{MC|m=his|f=her}} help, after all.
:'''Roialte:''' Or perhaps, we would not have known how to find this tribe at all... Goodness, I feel like I can hardly tell the mountains from the buildings anymore...

===Scions of the Canopy: Rock Climbing Version===
;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Iaune:''' What's that person up there on the platform doing? Why does he have to climb so high, I wonder?
:'''Roialte:''' He seems to be doing some sort of exercise...
:'''Iaune:''' What sort of exercise would require one to leap off a cliff with a rope tied to oneself? Is this some sort of [[Special Security and Surveillance Patrol|SSSP]] training?
:'''Roialte:''' If my assessment isn't off, he seems to be having quite a grand time, {{Traveler}}...
:{{DIcon}} Wanna give it a try?
::'''Roialte:''' Dear {{Traveler}}, on account of the fact we have yet to finalize your payment, might I ask you not to attempt murder against us?
::'''Iaune:''' Just looking at it leaves me deathly faint. If I jumped down... I should develop acrophobia even if I didn't have it already...
::'''Roialte:''' We're counting on you, then &mdash; we'd prefer to have a simple meeting in a safe place, where possible.
:{{DIcon}} Shall we keep moving forward, then?
::'''Iaune:''' Y&mdash;Yes... Let's, but could we keep closer to the mountain? I'd prefer not to look over the cliff...
::'''Roialte:''' Phew... Indeed. If we were to fall, dear {{Traveler}}... I fear you'd have to go back to the Maison Gestion for the remainder of your compensation, given the state we'd be in upon landing.

;(Go to the edge of the platform)
:'''[[Roca]]:''' Welcome, visitors from afar, what brings you here? Up for learning some rock climbing?
:'''Iaune:''' Don't look down, don't look down, don't look down...
:{{DIcon}} Blaaargh!
::'''Iaune:''' Ack! Don't scare me like that! I nearly fell there!
:{{DIcon}} Relax, there's no way you'll fall.
::'''Iaune:''' *sigh* I'm sure that's what everyone who ever slipped and fell thought just before they...
:'''Roca:''' Hahaha! Don't worry, I've got my eye on you.
:'''Roialte:''' Yes, wonderful... Allow me to rest for a moment. I'd like to talk to you about... offering rock climbing lessons for tourists from Fontaine...
:'''Roca:''' Tourists? Do you mean that many Fontainians will come here to learn?
:'''Roca:''' Works for me. I've been teaching a [[Mondstadt]]er to climb. He's a quick learner &mdash; he can even handle strong winds nowadays.
:'''Roialte:''' They are very good at dealing with all things wind-related, yes. But please, I beg you, do not expect our Fontainian ladies and gentlemen to climb in driving rain.
:'''Roca:''' Hahaha, I wouldn't do that! At most I'd pick a cliff with a pool at the bottom to train them on.
:'''Roialte:''' That would be most excellent. Come, then, let us discuss the details of our potential partnership.
:'''Roialte:''' My good Iaune, please give {{Traveler}} {{MC|m=his|f=her}} compensation. Reaching this place would have proved impossible without {{MC|m=his|f=her}} aid, after all.
:{{Black Screen|Roialte and Roca head upstairs to discuss the details of their partnership...}}
:'''Iaune:''' I'd never climb a cliff with naught but a rope, even with a pool beneath me. Absolutely not.
:'''Iaune:''' Here is your payment, {{Traveler}}. Thank you for your help.
:'''Iaune:''' ...Goodness, I should inch a bit further from this cliff edge. Too high, it is. Far too high...

===Scions of the Canopy: Delivery Version===
;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Michica:''' Are you here to deliver goods? Hmm? You don't look like you're from around here...
:{{DIcon}} They're from Fontaine.
:'''Michica:''' Really? Now that is unusual...
:'''Iaune:''' Uh... Can you really deliver this many letters and packages?
:'''Michica:''' Easily! With the help of our [[Yumkasaurus]] friends, no quantity of letters is too much for us to handle!
:'''Michica:''' Well then, good outlanders? Any letters you'd like to send?
:'''Michica:''' Let me clarify first, though &mdash; our manpower's limited, so we'll deliver messages within Natlan, but not beyond its borders.
:'''Roialte:''' Err... Might I ask your name, sir?
:'''Michica:''' Michica will do.
:'''Roialte:''' Alright then. Mr. Michica, what is the maximum cargo throughput of your facility here?
:'''Michica:''' Cargo throughput? You mean how much stuff we can accommodate?
:'''Michica:''' Come with me. I'll take you on a quick tour of the Courier's Longhouse.

;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Roialte:''' Such a massive space... I'm sure it could hold a huge quantity of merchandise.
:'''Roialte:''' Mr. Michica. If you do not mind, I would like to sign a freight contract with you.
:'''Roialte:''' Of course, it need not take effect immediately, but I shall need you to leave some storage space and transport personnel free to respond to our shipment needs on an as-and-when basis.
:'''Michica:''' Keep people on standby? Can't do that. Manpower's short, we're struggling to keep up with demand as-is.
:'''Roialte:''' No, no, you needn't worry about that. We will not force you to keep hands idle just on account of a single contract.
:'''Roialte:''' We will also pay in advance for these pre-preparations. Also, if we reach an agreement, further payments will be settled on a monthly basis.
:'''Michica:''' Which is to say that you'll give me the money first, but not have me get to work right away?
:'''Michica:''' Interesting. We can talk details then, but are you guys really okay with paying upfront?
:'''Roialte:''' Hahaha, of course. You might actually even consider it a good thing &mdash; from a certain point of view.
:'''Roialte:''' But you have my apologies. I did not bring the relevant documents... We shall have to discuss details in the back.
:'''Roialte:''' My good Iaune, please give {{Traveler}} {{MC|m=his|f=her}} compensation. We wouldn't have found this place without {{MC|m=his|f=her}} help, after all.
:{{Black Screen|Roialte and Michica head upstairs to discuss the details of their partnership...}}
:'''Iaune:''' Good, good, that's one thing that's gone smoothly. Please take these as your payment, {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} Why is paying in advance a good thing?
:'''Iaune:''' Well... Roialte often says that a small price paid in advance incentivizes both parties.
:'''Iaune:''' At the very least, it can make the documents and procedures flow faster. The Mora has already been spent, after all.

===People of the Springs: Shopping Version===
;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Iaune:''' One moment. What does that shop sell? That is an eye-catching sign if I've ever seen one.
:'''Roialte:''' Indeed, one could say the same of every one of this tribe's shop signboards. Striking in the extreme.
:'''Roialte:''' The Kamera Club would have a field day here.
:'''Roialte:''' Come, let's have a look.

;(Talk to Yelafath)
:'''Yelafath:''' Hey there! Want some custom souvenirs? You get to pick your color!
:{{DIcon}} Ah, so this is a souvenir store.
:'''Roialte:''' Ha! Just as well we came, then.
:'''Roialte:''' It's not every day we come to Natlan on business, so some mementos are a must.
:'''Iaune:''' I've also gotten [[Estelle]] some gifts. She gave me a beautiful hat previously, and I should like to return the favor.
:{{DIcon}} Was it a birthday gift?
::'''Iaune:''' No, no, it wasn't anywhere near my birthday when she gave it to me.
:{{DIcon}} So she just suddenly gave you a gift?
::'''Iaune:''' Y&mdash;Yes, and unprompted, too. I've wondered why myself...
:'''Iaune:''' She caught me that day after I had gotten off work, and before I knew it, she had placed the hat on my head.
:'''Iaune:''' She even said something about spotting it on the way over and thinking it would suit me, so she bought it on the spot.
:'''Iaune:''' I was going to thank her and pay her for it, but the moment she heard me mention repayment, she kicked me and stormed off...
:'''Roialte:''' A kick you well deserved, my dear Iaune. If I was not waiting to receive the documentation you are penning in a timely, I too would kick you in the rear right now.
:'''Iaune:''' What!? Sir? Wait, did I guess wrong on the price of the hat? I really didn't mean to insult the hat at all!
:'''Roialte:''' ...Fine. You just stand right there. I shall kick you once again on Ms. Estelle's behalf.
:{{DIcon}} Just choose a gift already!
:'''Yelafath:''' Pfft... O&mdash;Oh, ah, sorry! Sorry... Let me help you pick one out, alright?
:'''Yelafath:''' What sorts of presents does Ms. Estelle like? Let's start there first.
:'''Iaune:''' Hmm... Alright. Blue is her favorite color &mdash; not dark, but light blue, best paired with a little yellow.
:'''Iaune:''' She also loves rings. In fact, she sometimes makes them herself, but only wears them while on a break, and never while working.
:'''Iaune:''' And... Ah, yes. The ring cannot be too heavy, because she will sometimes hang it around her neck...
:'''Yelafath:''' Oh my, haven't you got an eye for details? Give me a moment. If nothing here works for you, I can do a custom job.
:'''Roialte:''' Ah, and don't worry about the price. I shall pay for this gift.
:'''Iaune:''' Mr. Roialte...
:'''Roialte:''' Oh, shush, young man. Pick your present carefully.
:'''Roialte:''' Here, take this as payment, {{Traveler}}, as thanks for bringing us here. You have saved more than one life this day.
:{{DIcon}} I wish Iaune luck.
::'''Roialte:''' Ah, and doesn't he have it in abundance? He'll be fine.
:{{DIcon}} I wish Estelle happiness.
::'''Roialte:''' With a lad like Iaune? I imagine our good lady would struggle to be unhappy, if anything.
:'''Roialte:''' *sigh* Still, just look at him. I'll have Semaine teach him a thing or two once we get back to Fontaine...

===People of the Springs: Performance Version===
;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Roialte:''' The music here is most refreshing. What do you think, Iaune?
:'''Iaune:''' Most novel indeed &mdash; not even remotely like anything I've heard back home.
:'''Roialte:''' If we could invite them to perform in Fontaine, I imagine the results would be spectacular...
:'''Iaune:''' Or perhaps we could bring a band from Fontaine here to perform instead? If we facilitate some collaboration...
:'''Roialte:''' A capital notion! Let me think. Which office would handle that...?
:{{DIcon}} Wait, there's an office dedicated to music, too?
:'''Roialte:''' To be precise, it's a newly-established "Association" dedicated to passing on and promoting our traditional music...
:'''Roialte:''' Their ranks now boast quite a few Fontainian musicians, and their impact on the industry has been... not insignificant.
:'''Roialte:''' We will need their help should we wish to jumpstart musical collaboration between Fontaine and Natlan.
:'''Roialte:''' But the fellow in charge of that office is an exceptionally obstinate cretin. I wonder if he will be able to accept Natlan's music...
:'''Roialte:''' *sigh* Might as well make a note of it first... Mr. Iaune, do remember to give {{Traveler}} {{MC|m=his|f=her}} compensation.
:'''Roialte:''' I'm going backstage to speak to this band. Now then, how shall I start off...
:{{Black Screen|Roialte walks towards the stage, thinking all the while...}}
:'''Iaune:''' I must admit that I find myself quite taken with Natlan's music. It's so lively that one cannot help but want to dance.
:'''Iaune:''' Unfortunately, I am not dressed to do so. I absolutely must bring a looser set of clothes the next time I am here.
:'''Iaune:''' Here is your payment, {{Traveler}}. Thank you for your help.
:'''Iaune:''' ...Ah, yes. The loose clothes aside, I should also bring a nice hat.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = An Official Mission
|zhs      = 一场公差
|zhs_rm   = Yī Chǎng Gōngchāi
|zht      = 一場公差
|zht_rm   = Yī Chǎng Gōngchāi
|zh_tl    = A Business Trip
|ja       = 公の用件
|ja_rm    = Ooyake no Youken
|ja_tl    = Official Business
|ko       = 한 차례 출장
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Un viaje de negocios
|es_tl    = A Business Trip
|fr       = Une mission officielle
|fr_tl    = An Official Mission
|ru       = Официальное задание
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = กิจธุระทางการ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Một Chuyến Công Tác
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Eine ganz besondere Geschäftsreise
|de_tl    = A Very Special Business Trip
|id       = Perjalanan Dinas
|id_tl    = Business Trip
|pt       = Uma Missão Oficial
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Resmi Bir Görev
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Una missione ufficiale
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Natlan}}