{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = World Quest An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Entreaty.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = A Finale Emberforged
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Kukulkan; Little One; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Heart of the Sacred Mountain]], [[Ancient Sacred Mountain]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Ancient Sacred Mountain
|subarea       = Heart of the Sacred Mountain
|prev          = As the Burning Sun Sears Shadows
|next          =
|rewards       = Primogem*50;The Cornerstone of Stars and Flames*1;Mora*34,000<!--WL9/AR60-->;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Entreaty''''' is the first and only part of {{Quest|A Finale Emberforged}}.

==Steps==
# Head to the device at the center of the [[Heart of the Sacred Mountain]]
# Offer up the [[Golden Entreaty|Golden Entreaties]]
# Enter the light
# Explore up ahead
# Defeat the [[Primeval Source Dragon Mech|Source Dragon Mech]]
# Save your companions
# Speak to the one who names themselves "[[Kukulkan]]"
# Go to Huitzilopochtli's location
# Step out onto the path you have created
# Return to your companions
# Break your companions out
# Defeat the Source Dragon Mech

==Gameplay Notes==
* From step 4 onwards, the player's [[Phlogiston]] meter will not decrease.
* For steps 5 and 12, the active party will be limited to a trial [[Traveler]].
** During step 5, {{Little One}} joins as an ally.
** During step 12, {{Little One}} in adult form joins as an ally.
* For steps 6-11, the active party will be limited to an indwelled adult version of {{Little One}}.

==Trial Characters==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 9
|character_name          = Traveler<!-- element is current alignment -->

<!-- WL 9 Stats -->
|character_level9        = 80
|constellation9          = 6

|weapon_name9            = Prototype Rancour
|weapon_level9           = 80
|refinement9             = 1

|artifact_flower9        = Gladiator's Nostalgia
|artifact_feather9       = Gladiator's Destiny
|artifact_sands9         = Gladiator's Longing
|artifact_goblet9        = Gladiator's Intoxication
|artifact_circlet9       = Gladiator's Triumphus
|artifact_level9         = 20
|set1_9                  = Gladiator's Finale
|set1_piece_bonus_9      = 4

|normal_attack_talent9   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent9 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent9 = 8

|hp9                     = 17,312
|atk9                    = 1,775<ref group="Note">For the second boss fight in Step 12, the Traveler's ATK is increased to 5,884.</ref>
|def9                    = 726
|em9                     = 105
|crit_rate9              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg9               = 91.9%
|er9                     = 186.8%
|phy_dmg9                = 31.5%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Check for conditional dialogue.<!-- 
Current dialogue is for: 
- Natlan Act V completed.
- Both major little one quests completed.
- All tribal chronicles completed.
-->}}
{{Quest Description|To enter the Heart of the Sacred Mountain, one need only offer up two Golden Entreaties... That should dispel the [[Flamelord's Blessing]] that presently affects your [[saurian]] buddy...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the central mechanism)
:{{Black Screen|Ah... Chosen of Dragons, you arrive at last.}}<!-- golden text -->
:{{Black Screen|Offer the Golden Entreaties... Strip the golden script from the discs of white...}}
:{{Black Screen|And thus ignite the Sacred Flame to cleanse creation.}}
:{{Black Screen|Present the Golden Entreaties, Chosen of Dragons...}}
:;(Open recollections screen)<!-- preceding text is actually covered by recollections screen -->

;(Interact with the central mechanism)
:'''Huitzilopochtli:''' Present the Golden Entreaties, Chosen of [[Dragon]]s...
:'''Huitzilopochtli:''' Ignite the [[Sacred Flame]] to cleanse creation.
:;(Submit {{Item|Golden Entreaty (Revelations from the Past)}} and {{Item|Golden Entreaty (Moment of Awakening)}})
;(Cutscene begins)
:;(The Traveler and {{Little One}} each offer up a Golden Entreaty)
:;(The Golden Entreaties shatter, leaving only the golden markings floating in the air)
:;(The golden markings spiral around each other, combining to form a single large inscription)
:;(The inscription emits a pulse of golden light)
:;(Cutscene ends)

;(Interact with the light)
:'''Paimon:''' So, once we're in there, we can activate the Sacred Flame and cure {{Little One}}...
:'''Paimon:''' That way, he'll be able to grow up healthy, right?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Thinking back on it, we sure have done tons of stuff on this journey... and cleared loads of trials created by that [[Sage of the Stolen Flame]] guy...
:'''Paimon:''' We even had a bust-up with [[Och-Kan]], that super famous tyrant... Well, he turned out to be [[Cocouik|Coco]] in the end, and not as bad a guy as we thought...
:'''Paimon:''' And come to think of it, all that Sage of the Stolen Flame stuff was kinda weird, but...
:'''Paimon:''' Heh, whatever. Let's get going!
;(A note appears on-screen)
:'''Note:''' Step into the light, and let the sacred flames of the mountain cleanse all.<br>The next part of the story is tightly connected. For the best experience, it is recommended that you continue when you have ample time to complete it.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, not a moment to lose!
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrah... Rawr!
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, don't you worry. C'mon, let's go!
::;(Enter the light)
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps we should prepare a bit first.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrroar...
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, good point...

;(Interact with the light again &mdash; if the player selected "Perhaps we should prepare a bit first.")
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, then. Are we heading into the Heart of the Sacred Mountain now?
;(Same note as above)
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, not a moment to lose!
:;(Same dialogue as above)
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps we should prepare a bit first.
:;(Same dialogue as above)

;(After entering the light)
<!-- screen transition -->
:'''Paimon:''' Huh! There's nothing here... How come? 
:{{Black Screen|Chosen of Dragons... come forward. Face your final test...}}
:{{Black Screen|Learn the truth and make your choice.}}
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrrawr?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, wait, wait... No one told us anything about all this!
:{{Black Screen|Well, they say that stories like this never end without an evil dragon...}}

;(While fighting the Source Dragon Mech)
:'''Paimon:''' Wait... is the one talking our Sage of the Stolen Flame guy? Paimon can't help feeling like we've been tricked somehow...
:'''Paimon:''' But y'know what? We've come this far. Evil dragon, machine dragon... Doesn't matter. We'll take 'em all on!

;(Partway through the fight)
:;(The Traveler is trapped by the Source Dragon Mech's Laser Jail and falls in battle)
<!-- loading screen transition -->
:;(POV transitions to {{Little One}})
----
;({{Little One}}'s POV)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Rrrawr? White Floaty and {{Traveler}} are... locked up?)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Must... open... Must open! Must open!!!)

;(Try to attack the trap)<!-- Little One's dialogue here is skipped if player tries to leave area -->
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Can't open...)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Right... That power... Can try that power... Even though {{Traveler}} said not to use it...)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (No matter what... Must save them... Must break this...)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Rroo... Can't be...)
<!-- black screen transition -->
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' At this rate, the disordered power will devour your frail body utterly.
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' Even so, you surprise me... I did not expect that you could use the power within your blood to such an extent without having received the proper guidance...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' ...?
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' Come, accept the guidance of the true Sacred Flame. Let the power bear you up, rather than use your body to bear this power.
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' Come forth&mdash;
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' Long have I awaited {{Rubi|you, Chosen of Dragons.|Dragonborn Who Braved the Flame and Returned}}
:{{Black Screen|As the light floats around you, the rampaging power within your body seems to circulate, submitting to some ever-shifting cycle.<br>Your body seems to adapt to this change...}}
:{{Black Screen|It is just like the moment when you gained wisdom from the [[liquid Phlogiston]] you immersed yourself in.<br>Countless images flow into your mind, following the circulating power, almost as if they are being reassembled and read out to you.}}
:{{Black Screen|"Come, I have something to show you."<br>The speaker's voice seems immeasurably distant, and after that, both your body and consciousness fall into a white abyss...}}
<!-- screen transition -->
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' Open your eyes, descendant of the Flamelord.
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' I believe this is the second time I have formally met you in this form.
:{{DIcon}} Ra... *cough* Wait. My voice is...?
::{{DIcon}} And my body, too...
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' You have briefly achieved the form of a "mature dragon" after your power was channeled with the proper guidance. Were that not the case, that savage strength would have warped your form.
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' In an earlier eon, the phlogiston-rich soils that sustained [[Natlan]] were regarded by the [[Heavenly Principles|heavenly reaver]] as a form of so-called "Holy Soil" phenomenon. They cast [[Celestial Nail|sky-nails]] down to destroy the land...
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' We dragons boast extreme adaptability and evolutionary capacity, but this was used against us &mdash; countless Dragonborn could only devolve so as to survive in present-day Natlan...
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' But their bloodline has not changed.
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' That which [[Xiuhcoatl]] would not admit, the mark on one's horn would prove... For in the beginning, it was through his horn that the Pyro [[Dragon Sovereign]] first transmitted flaming light and wisdom.
:{{DIcon}} So the removal of the Blessing was a lie you made up...
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' Only one of omission. If not guided correctly, this disordered power would indeed kill most saurians who bear the Blessing.
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' The only question became whether... we could control the Blessing's occurrence or not. The answer was... that we had a high chance of success.
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' But you do not speak falsely even so. I did intend to use a human to unseal the volcano, and use [[Xbalanque]]'s oath to have a human bring back the other "Golden Entreaty"...
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' Which is why I created that legend in the first place. And I would not name it an honorable tactic &mdash; many are the great humans who have died for this cause.
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' ...But you will understand, in time, that I no longer had any other choice.
:{{DIcon}} So, the so-called Chosen of Dragons...
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' Refers to both the chosen dragon, and the chosen human who brings the dragon here.
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' It's just that, once you were brought here, the human's duty had already ended...
:{{Black Screen|None but you remain to tread the final path.}}
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Huh? Wait a minute, those words... They ring in my head... Why?)
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' Now, you have mastered the way Dragonborn speak &mdash; a distant thing, indeed, from the brute cries of Natlan's saurian-kind...
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' And if you willed it, you could have any intelligent being understand your words.
:'''One Who Speaks Coldly:''' Indeed, the phlogiston within your body, and the information and wisdom passed down from antiquity through the primal flame will also begin emerging.
:{{DIcon}} You're... the Sage of the Stolen Flame?
::'''Kukulkan:''' That is what the humans named me... Waxaklahun Ubah Kan, too, is also one of the many names I created.
:{{DIcon}} So, what should I call you... Kukulkan, then?
::'''Kukulkan:''' That was the first of my names, and also the one that bound "me" most tightly. Later, however, as my list of names grew, it grew to be insignificant...
:'''Kukulkan:''' But "Kukulkan" was... Ah, forget it. Though all names will very soon become meaningless, you may simply call me that for now.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' (Hmm... Strange. I feel like I've forgotten something very important...)
:'''Kukulkan:''' Confused? Well, it is quite normal to, after having re-attained wisdom, be flooded by the sea of information.
:'''Kukulkan:''' But if you'd like me to assuage your discomfort, allow me to change into a form you'll find more familiar...
:{{DIcon}} Grroo...
;(Kukulkan transforms into [[Manqu]])
:'''Kukulkan:''' Well, what do you think? Quite convenient, no? Should you desire it, our transformative arts will reveal themselves to you with but a thought... though you will require the help of some little souls too.
:{{DIcon}} It's fine. I'm happy the way "I" am.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Fair enough. "Forgive me for being presumptuous"... That is how the story began, no? In that case, let us start this way, too.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Anyway, come with me.

;(While following Kukulkan)
:'''Kukulkan:''' This is the true "Heart of the Sacred Mountain"... The place where my great brother created Huitzilopochtli. The blueprints for the world of old are recorded here.
:'''Kukulkan:''' In the beginning, the first Pyro Sovereign was birthed from the primal flame, here on the Sacred Mountain. Here, too, he shaped the Sacred City.
:'''Kukulkan:''' He used the primal flame to mold and shape the Dragonborn, the first of which he gifted with an offshoot of that same fire...
:'''Kukulkan:''' In the tales of the Dragonborn, that offshoot was part of a great soul.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' And that was you?
:'''Kukulkan:''' ...Indeed.

;(Approach the platform)
:'''Kukulkan:''' The reaver from beyond the skies once froze Xiuhcoatl in lava, causing him to fall into a false death...
:'''Kukulkan:''' But when the Dragon King [[Nibelung]] descended from beyond the circles of this world, he was called forth by the [[Abyss]] and awoke from his long dream.
:'''Kukulkan:''' The reaver annihilated the great black-winged lord at great cost... And at that moment, our fiery sovereign, who had been steeped in the Abyss, regained brief, tragic clarity.
:'''Kukulkan:''' As he saw it then, this realm, once ruled by wisdom's blazing light, now lay shattered... A land once suffused by primal flame was now corroded by the dark foe, cankered and covered head to toe in sores.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Having himself become a breeding ground for darkness, his periods of clarity ever shortening, he knew not when he would become lost to senseless, twisted nothingness...
:'''Kukulkan:''' In truth, in his final days, he may as well have restarted his false death, for all the difference it made. All the while, his entire race had become a gaggle of squawking fools...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Kukulkan:''' Now that you possess true wisdom, I have little doubt that you, too, understand how it feels to be a changed being.
:'''Kukulkan:''' And so, Xiuhcoatl used the last of the time and wisdom left to him to transform the dragon city once more and create the Tzitzimimeh...
:'''Kukulkan:''' And finally, Huitzilopochtli.
:{{DIcon}} What is Huitzilopochtli?
:'''Kukulkan:''' The Natlan Phlogistonization Array... That is to say, a device that can transform all Natlan into "a land of only phlogiston, or only of matter comprised of phlogiston."
:'''Kukulkan:''' Phlogiston is an atom upon which information may be transcribed, and is itself a form of "computronium" &mdash; an element that can be used to imitate the essence of any and all things through the {{Rubi|weaving of language|[[Iridescent Inscription]]s}}.
:'''Kukulkan:''' This is why phlogiston can take on different forms and even switch between them, and this is also why you could see phantoms at the repair mechanisms in the [[Chamber of Deliberation]].
:'''Kukulkan:''' Huitzilopochtli will burn everything, and all that information will be logged and replicated by that ocean of [[Phlogiston Unit|phlogiston units]]...
:'''Kukulkan:''' Turning all Natlan into a realm composed solely of primal flame.
:'''Kukulkan:''' When that happens, the moment the Abyss approaches, the Astral Assemblages created by the primal flame will automatically attach to them, using mutual annihilation reactions to consign our shadowy foe to oblivion.
:'''Kukulkan:''' The Abyss shall never again be allowed even to gaze upon this realm.
:{{DIcon}} But, all the lives in Natlan...
:'''Kukulkan:''' They will die by Huitzilopochtli's hand, or they can forsake their bodies and become pure phlogiston-based lifeforms...
:'''Kukulkan:''' There shall be neither [[Ley Line]]s nor substantive bodies... We shall own everything, yet never again own anything. We shall be beholden to neither birth nor death. Perhaps even life's meaning shall become null and void to us.
:'''Kukulkan:''' At that time, those dragons who have discarded their bodies and become phlogiston lifeforms shall become the rulers of the "new world."
:{{DIcon}} That's... terrifying...
:'''Kukulkan:''' So I thought, too, when this plan was first revealed to me...
:'''Kukulkan:''' At the time, I believed that should this come to pass, all life would simply become flickering, illusory shadows cast by a titanic torch. Having lost our bodies, we would be bereft of any possibility to continue evolving...
:'''Kukulkan:''' But no Dragonborn who serves Xiuhcoatl could refuse his orders.
:'''Kukulkan:''' So, I sought another path... Hmm, perhaps I should don another guise for this bit?
;(Kukulkan transforms into [[Bona]])
:{{DIcon}} Bona...
:'''Kukulkan:''' Well, what do you think? Quite fascinating, no? Things such as this are easily possible through proper phlogiston manipulation via Iridescent Inscriptions.
:{{DIcon}} I... kinda want to puke...
:'''Kukulkan:''' Hahaha, what an interesting response... Alright, now, let's head to [[Tonatiuh]] to search for that now non-existent Jade of Return, shall we?

;(While following Kukulkan)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' And these are...
:'''Kukulkan:''' As I'm sure you have guessed, these are my kin, who have abandoned their physical forms.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Foolishly following the decree of a long-dead king, they entered a dream without knowing when it might ever come to pass...
:'''Kukulkan:''' Hehe... The mere maintenance of their state in the sealed-away Sacred City devoured vast swathes of resources.

;(Approach the platform)
:'''Kukulkan:''' Ah, Tonatiuh... Now that is a fine name. Before the [[false sky]] enveloped the world, the city that lay beneath it could have rivaled Tollan itself.
:'''Kukulkan:''' In those days, while in search of light in the pitch-dark outer realms, we set up a... stairway? Hmm, no, it might be more correct to call it a cable to reach beyond our skies...
:'''Kukulkan:''' And before Och-Kan spun it around, we had been preparing to leave it beyond our orbit and use it to tighten the sky-cable and anchor the latter's trajectory.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Later, it was modified to become Tonatiuh... It was originally intended to have hung higher in the sky... And then my beloved son, Och-Kan, hid a Golden Entreaty there.
:'''Kukulkan:''' I once thought that through him, I could discover how the one seated upon heaven's throne converted the Ley Lines into a girdle that defends the planet. I believed that once I understood the secrets of its operation...
:'''Kukulkan:''' Then I could use this method to merge the human and dragon races, allowing dragon-kind to use subtler means to resist our great foe, the Abyss.
:'''Kukulkan:''' ...And perhaps even allow the Dragonborn the right to once more glimpse truth beyond the skies.
:{{DIcon}} But you failed.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Indeed. Compared to the dragons, whose souls are more powerful and more uniform, the individual variation among human souls is far too great &mdash; and most of them are too fragile anyway.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Och-Kan... His spirit was like broken glass. He flew all too close to the sun, that he could become one with it. And close he got indeed &mdash; only to lose his shape as a result.
:'''Kukulkan:''' He was so alike to my old self, and just as disappointing.
:'''Kukulkan:''' ...Just like humanity itself. Perhaps I came into contact with them because I, too, once shared their frailties and harbored fantasies of overcoming the strong even in my weakness.
:'''Kukulkan:''' And such a fantasy came true once, when Xbalanque seized upon Xiuhcoatl's weak point and slew him.
:{{DIcon}} A weak point, you say?
:'''Kukulkan:''' Xiuhcoatl was the master of the first flame, wielder of all light, heat, and wisdom. He controlled the primal flame, and could even plunge his entire body into it.
:'''Kukulkan:''' By all rights, at that time, there was no way he could have been harmed...
:'''Kukulkan:''' If he had not modified one of his pupils to serve as the control hub for Huitzilopochtli, that is.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Because he had to monitor and anchor reality using this "eye," it became his sole weakness.
:'''Kukulkan:''' That is how Xbalanque was able to take him down alongside himself.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, they died together?
:'''Kukulkan:''' Yes. Xbalanque was undoubtedly slain at that time... But he was reborn then, and thus became the so-called god of fire, the [[Pyro Archon]].
:'''Kukulkan:''' Perhaps he paid the price for this death delayed, or perhaps this was part of the deal he had made with [[Ronova|a certain entity]] all along.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Whatever the case, he knew what Huitzilopochtli was, and naturally, my alliance with him through Och-Kan was meant to prevent its activation.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Enter, then, the Golden Entreaties &mdash; the control hub that could be used to reactivate this place, split in two between us for safekeeping.

;(Approach the platform)
:'''Kukulkan:''' This is a tower that allows Huitzilopochtli to cover all Natlan and anchor its areas of coverage...
:'''Kukulkan:''' Most of them were destroyed at Och-Kan's orders, but their fragments serve the same purpose anyway.
:'''Kukulkan:''' They never imagined that the carrier medium was something far smaller and more delicate, to the point that even a single stone could contain Iridescent Inscriptions...
:'''Kukulkan:''' Had they found out, my plans now would have been rendered impossible.
:{{DIcon}} On Tonatiuh...
:'''Kukulkan:''' A place where I stored the Golden Entreaty, alongside this place.
:'''Kukulkan:''' ...I once believed that humanity could create a civilization still more glorious. After Xbalanque's apotheosis, I even thought that they might avoid the dead end we walked into.
:'''Kukulkan:''' So I decided to give them more time.
:'''Kukulkan:''' But... Too many years have gone by.
:'''Kukulkan:''' None amongst [[Natlan/Culture#Tribes of Natlan|the tribes]] have even dared &mdash; not since Och-Kan &mdash; to establish a united empire.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Until today, they lean on the authority of their so-called "[[Archon]]" like a crutch... They were unable to forge weapons for themselves to wield, such that their world might be defended from the all-corrupting dark.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Their way of fighting against the great shadow... still lies in their stale stories of heroic valor, passed from generation to generation.
:'''Kukulkan:''' So consumed are they with the past that they dare not risk it all.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Each time our foe strikes from the shadows, the slowly accumulated fruits of civilization are destroyed all in an instant, and afterward, there is only the eternal cycle, or worse, inexorable devolution...
:'''Kukulkan:''' The time I granted as grace has lost all meaning as a result.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Perhaps if I gave them a few thousand years more, perhaps several tens of thousands, they will create that glorious, shining epoch, but my faith has run out.
:'''Kukulkan:''' And waiting... Waiting has become a luxury, whether it be for me, or this once-sealed Sacred City.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Come. This story is almost at its end.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Let me witness your choice.
:{{DIcon}} Mine?
:'''Kukulkan:''' {{Rubi|Yes, Chosen of Dragons. I|Dragonborn Who Braved the Flame and Returned}} would hear your answer.

;(Approach the mechanism)
:'''Kukulkan:''' Behold, Huitzilopochtli... and its activation array.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Bring it to life. This way, our shadowy enemy may never again gain a foothold upon this place... And afterward, via the gradual expansion of the primal flame's power...
:'''Kukulkan:''' ...Just like when a complete bubble is blown within the leaking husk of an old one...
:'''Kukulkan:''' ...Perhaps the entire world shall become free from Abyssal poison.
:{{DIcon}} But the authority over primal flame...
:'''Kukulkan:''' When Natlan is fully philogistonized, the very concept of life will be rewritten. That authority will then return naturally.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Only draconic phlogiston lifeforms may wield this authority. As such, you can become the shaper of this "new world." You can also become the Pyro Dragon Sovereign renewed.
:'''Kukulkan:''' ...No, I suspect that any such rulership would be something entirely new, surpassing our traditional conceptions.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Then, you shall reclaim all light, all heat, all wisdom, bring all order and great glory back to this realm &mdash; even to this world.
:{{DIcon}} Even if doing so means the end of evolution?
:'''Kukulkan:''' Who knows? Perhaps it will instead prove the beginning of a new evolutionary cycle. Stopping on the path leading onward can be another form of bravery, especially when the alternative is infinite regression.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Now then, choose. Activate Huitzilopochtli.
:{{DIcon}} (Draw near... and then feel...)
::{{DIcon}} No, wait! {{Traveler}}...
:'''Kukulkan:''' Oh my. And here I thought you wouldn't be able to remember them.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Never mind how your mind now has at least a thousand years' worth of memories within it... I also intended for you to make your decision while having forgotten them.
:'''Kukulkan:''' {{Traveler}} was never meant to have existed here &mdash; though of course, it was precisely due to {{MC|m=his|f=her}} aid that you were able to reach this place.
:'''Kukulkan:''' {{MC|m=He|f=She}} is, however, rather special... It may be that the phlogistonization of Natlan will not affect {{MC|m=him|f=her}}...
:{{DIcon}} It "may be"...!?
:'''Kukulkan:''' No one knows what will happen once it is activated... Perhaps there shall then be no difference between you and me. Perhaps we shall both be destroyed.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Perhaps {{MC|m=he|f=she}} and that little emissary by {{MC|m=his|f=her}} side will live. Perhaps they will not.
:'''Kukulkan:''' ...Hah, enough of that. Time is short. We do not have much excess energy left to also maintain those of our kind who have already become phlogiston lifeforms.
:'''Kukulkan:''' If we do not obtain the authority over the primal flame in time, all shall soon perish. And once that moment comes, choice itself will be lost to us.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Quickly... Choose, O Chosen of Dragons!
:'''Huitzilopochtli:''' "This is an omen of new life, and also the final entreaty"&mdash;
:'''Huitzilopochtli:''' Entering trigger sequence. Three rounds of confirmations will be required to either activate or deactivate the {{Rubi|Sweeping Skyfire|Sunquake}}...
:'''Huitzilopochtli:''' First confirmation. Are you certain that you wish to activate Huitzilopochtli?
:{{DIcon}} Confirm activation.
::'''Huitzilopochtli:''' "Sweeping Skyfire" generator is on approach. Supplying energy.
::'''Huitzilopochtli:''' Calibration initiated.
::'''Huitzilopochtli:''' Second confirmation. Are you certain that you wish to activate Huitzilopochtli?
::{{DIcon}} Confirm activation.
:::'''Huitzilopochtli:''' "Sweeping Skyfire" generator is continuing its approach.
:::'''Huitzilopochtli:''' Phlogiston flow strength increased. Accelerating...
:::'''Huitzilopochtli:''' High ambient heat detected.
:::'''Huitzilopochtli:''' Third confirmation. Are you certain that you wish to activate {{Rubi|Huitzilopochtli|Sunquake}}?
:::{{DIcon}} Confirm activation.
::::'''Huitzilopochtli:''' ...Third confirmation complete.
::::'''Kukulkan:''' ...So this is your choice, then? Ah... Yes. This, too, is fine. Perhaps I should have made the same choice as you, all those years ago... Even though... Ah, how regrettable...
::::'''Huitzilopochtli:''' "Sweeping Skyfire" generator at closest possible proximity.
::::'''Huitzilopochtli:''' Collision... gather... Final... complete...
::::'''Huitzilopochtli:''' ...destroyed, and thus welcome...
::::'''Huitzilopochtli:''' The moment of rebirth.
::::{{Black Screen|Before you stretches a world of pure white.<br>None can know what light means in this realm, for it permeates every corner.<br>Nor does time retain any meaning &mdash; ten million years pass in what seems but a moment.<br>..."It," or something that was once "it," is the sole remaining consciousness.}}<!-- Well, white screen really -->
::::{{Black Screen|This is a world the shadow can never again threaten, but is it a world with any meaning?<br>"It" knows that the primal flame is not inexhaustible, though it shall burn for billions of years in this dark cosmic sea.<br>Sometimes, "it" recalls, as if in a dream, travels it once embarked on alongside two companions when the land was still tangible.<br>Holding onto these memories, "it" thinks it might yet endure the torment until death comes upon eternity's far shore.<br>Still, "it" recalls, time and again...}}
::::{{Black Screen|But still, for reasons none can know, only "it" remains.}}
::::{{Black Screen|If it could return to that moment, was there... another choice?}}
:::;(Return to just before approaching the mechanism)
:::{{DIcon}} Cancel activation!
::{{DIcon}} Cancel activation!
:{{DIcon}} Cancel activation!

;(If activation was cancelled, regardless of stage)
:'''Huitzilopochtli:''' Results confirmed...
:'''Huitzilopochtli:''' "Sweeping Skyfire" activation sequence has been canceled.
<!-- screen transition -->
:'''Kukulkan:''' Huitzilopochtli has ceased operation. So, this is your decision, I presume?
:'''Kukulkan:''' Why did you do it?
:{{DIcon}} I still believe in humanity. And...
::{{DIcon}} I will not put {{Traveler}} and Paimon at risk.
:'''Kukulkan:''' ...And yet, you may not hold the same pride of place in their hearts.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Are they not adventurers who roam the world? Perhaps it was only out of charity, or the desire to gain treasure or some other reward, that they brought you here.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Perhaps, in their hearts, they even harbor grievances against the nuisance you make of yourself, "rawr"-ing this way and that as you do.
:{{DIcon}} What they think of me matters little.
::{{DIcon}} They, however, are important to me. That's what really counts.
:'''Kukulkan:''' You... You have no idea what folly you have chosen, or what you shall now lose...
:'''Kukulkan:''' There is still time, you know.
:{{DIcon}} I will not activate it.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Even... Even if the wisdom and power you enjoy now will fade without the primal flame's aid?
:'''Kukulkan:''' It was the fire I allotted to you that granted you that intellect... Yet deprived of our primal source, we shall merely share the feeblest of flames between two meager matches.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Soon, everything here shall cease to exist, and you will lose both your strength and powers of speech.
:'''Kukulkan:''' How will you tell your {{Traveler}} and Paimon of this world that you almost gained, yet in the end, lost?
:{{DIcon}} They don't have to know about something as silly as this.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Fool.
:'''Kukulkan:''' You do not even know where they are, nor is there any way back from this place.
:{{DIcon}} If there isn't a way back to them...
::{{DIcon}} ...Then I'll make one.
:'''Kukulkan:''' ...

;(Talk to Kukulkan again, optional)
:'''Kukulkan:''' ...

;(While following the path)
;(The following messages act as physical obstacles. They may be broken using Little One's Normal Attack.)<!-- technically don't need to break them to progress; can maneuver around them -->
:"Come back! You know not what you pretermit!"
:"You burn through the power vested in your body!"
:"Come back! You know not what you pretermit!"
:"Your folly is beyond belief!"
:"They could not care less about you."
:"You are not as important to them as you think."
:"Come back! You know not what you pretermit!"<!-- 2 times -->
:"Your folly is beyond belief!"<!-- 7 times -->

;(Break the seal on the cage)
:'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Whaa! We're about to be trapped!
:'''Paimon:''' H... Huh? Nothing happened? Wait, no &mdash; did you save us?
:{{DIcon}} {{Little One}}?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Ermm? ... Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, if you've grown this big, does that mean that you've recovered?
:'''Paimon:''' Could it be that...
:{{Black Screen|Be on your guard! The battle's not over yet!}}
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, right, and there's still that big guy!
:;(A [[#Tutorial|Tutorial]] appears on-screen)
----
;(While fighting the Source Dragon Mech)
;(Start of battle)
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, we'll take down this big guy, together!

;(When the Mech begins the arm slam in its Claw Combo, first time)
:'''Paimon:''' Watch out! {{Color|buzzword|It's attacking}}!
;(If Little One's ability was activated in time)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Groooah!
:'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Whoa! Let's join in and get 'em!
;(If Little One's ability was not activated in time)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... There was an opening in that attack back there for sure...

;(When the Mech's shield is depleted, first time)
:'''Paimon:''' It's open! Time for an all-out attack!

;(When the Mech traps the player in its Laser Jail)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... Not this again...
;(Upon being freed by Little One)
::'''Paimon:''' Knew we could count on you, {{Little One}}!

;(While the Mech prepares its Charged Beam attack)
:'''Paimon:''' Can you hold out, {{Little One}}?
;(If Little One's ability was activated in time)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Groooah!
:'''Paimon:''' Into the barrier, quick!

;{{cx}}
:'''Paimon:''' Go get 'em, {{Little One}}!

;(When the Mech's shield is depleted, second time)
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, we sure showed it who the boss is!

;(When the Mech's shield is depleted, third time)
:'''Paimon:''' Go, {{Little One}}, {{Traveler}}! Knock it flat!

;(After defeating the Source Dragon Mech)
:'''Paimon:''' Phew. Guess it's finally over...
:{{Black Screen|Oh, Chosen of Dragons... You have completed every trial set before you...}}
:{{Black Screen|The Flamelord's Blessing has been dispelled!}}
:{{DIcon}} The curse has been lifted.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, guess it's finally over.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon was gonna say, for you to have grown up this big and yet still be safe, {{Little One}}...
:'''Paimon:''' Could it be that fighting was just what was needed to remove the bloodline curse?
:'''Paimon:''' Still, that Sage of the Stolen Flame weirdo didn't show up, not even once...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he already did.
:{{DIcon}} Did you see him, little guy?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Uworrgh...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, what's wrong? Were you hurt during the battle?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Grroo...
:{{Black Screen|Chosen of Dragons, I chose you... after much deliberation...}}
:{{Black Screen|And you have my thanks, for all you have done. I have always believed in you, I...}}
:{{Black Screen|Ah... It is hard for me to say this, {{Traveler}}...}}
:{{Black Screen|Never forget... that I love you.}}
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Grroo...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, {{Little One}}, what's gotten into you...
;({{Little One}} returns to normal size)
:'''Paimon:''' And... Hey, you're back to your normal size!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, this whole place is shaking. Is the volcano about to blow?
:{{DIcon}} Let's get {{Little One}} out first!
:'''Paimon:''' Right &mdash; whoops, can't forget his scarf!
<!-- loading screen transition -->
:'''Kukulkan:''' So, this is as far as the maintenance functions go. I thought your technical skills could have taken us a bit further.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Still, I... I finally understand how you felt, Xiuhcoatl, my great brother.
:'''Kukulkan:''' I now know what it means to come to the end of one's days... To yearn to see this one thing done, or to receive that single clear answer &mdash; and to be willing to do anything to accomplish these goals.
:'''Kukulkan:''' ...I imagine you'd scold me. Why are the things I say and do always worlds apart?
:'''Kukulkan:''' If I had truly wished for a dragon to activate that system, should I not have raised them within the Sacred City, teaching them to hate this world? Why did I send them to be by a human's side?
:'''Kukulkan:''' Perhaps... deep down, I still wished... to believe.
:'''Kukulkan:''' But look. Isn't it wonderful? It made the same choice I made back then &mdash; and Och-Kan too, for that matter.
:'''Kukulkan:''' ...My king, my elder brother, O lord who gave me life on the day you yourself were born... You once said that in my final moments, I would understand your desire.
:'''Kukulkan:''' Haha, but it seems that on this point alone, I cannot concede...
<!-- loading screen transition -->
:'''Paimon:''' Well, that was weird. All that shaking, and all the volcano did was blow off just a little smoke...
:'''Paimon:''' We ran ourselves silly just for that!?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr?
:'''Paimon:''' Not that you had to run &mdash; we grabbed you and booked it... Still, you gave us quite the fright, fainting the way you did after the battle! Are you still feeling unwell?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, sure sounds like the worst is over.
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, so, is that Flamelord's Blessing gone now? But {{Little One}} still has that mark on his head...
:{{DIcon}} (Reach out to the little [[Tepetlisaurus]]...)
:{{Black Screen|As you reach out your hand, he stands up straight on his hind legs, rubbing his horn gently against your palm.}}
:{{Black Screen|The mark, red as flame itself, has dimmed and cooled, no longer concealing that faint warmth.<br>It seems that whatever power it once had is gone now.}}
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon can't help but feel like you were a bit smarter while you were bigger just now...
:'''Paimon:''' Now, you... Well, you're back to looking a bit silly.
:{{DIcon}} True, but he's *our* silly little guy. I like him just the way he is.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, yeah, but still!
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, who'd have thought that we'd remove that Flamelord's Blessing, huh? We might just be on our way to writing ourselves a new legend, hehe!
:'''Paimon:''' All this adventuring's made Paimon hungry, though... Should we go get some [[Blazed Meat Stew]], or maybe a little cake...?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr? ...Grooar, mrrraa... Rawr! Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' You wanna eat both? Pfft, you greedy little saurian!
:'''Paimon:''' But today's a day to celebrate, so sure &mdash; let's go right now!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Post-quest==
After the quest, [[Titu]] has updated dialogue.

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Human and Saurian, as One!}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Entreaty
|zhs      = 毁灭预兆与最后的通牒
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 毀滅預兆與最後的通牒
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 破滅の予兆と最後の通牒
|ja_rm    = Hametsu no Yochou to Saigo no Tsuuchou
|ja_tl    = An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Memorandum
|ko       = 파멸의 징조와 최후의 통첩
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El presagio de la destrucción y el último pacto
|es_tl    = The Omen of Destruction and the Last Covenant
|fr       = Présage de destruction et ultime avertissement
|fr_tl    = Omen of Destruction and Final Warning
|ru       = Предвестник разрушения и последнее прошение
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ลางบอกเหตุแห่งหายนะ และคำชี้ขาดครั้งสุดท้าย
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Điềm Báo Hủy Diệt Và Thông Điệp Cuối Cùng
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ein Omen der Zerstörung und die letzte Warnung
|de_tl    = An Omen of Destruction and the Last Warning
|id       = Pertanda Kehancuran dan Ultimatum Terakhir
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Presságio da Aniquilação e o Prato Final
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yıkım Alameti ve Son Ahit
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Un presagio di annichilazione e l'ultima Prece
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}