{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01010
|image         = Archon Quest C1A2 An Organization Known as Wangsheng.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = II
|act           = Farewell, Archaic Lord
|part          = 1
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Dust to Dust
|next          = Moonfinger
|exp           = 500
|mora          = 18,075
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|7}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}{{Card|Bag of Mora|1|link=A Bag of Mora}}
|characters    = Ekaterina;Hongru;Paimon;Tartaglia;Traveler;Zhongli
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|2|part=1}}

==Steps==
# Wait until the following day
#* You may use the clock to advance the time.
# Talk to the bank staff
# Find [[Childe]]
# Enter Liuli Pavilion
# Talk to [[Zhongli]] outside

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Upon your return from visiting the Adepti, you discover that the Qixing have hidden the Geo Archon's vessel away. Childe promised he'd find someone to break the stalemate, so you pay another visit to Northland Bank.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Ekaterina inside the Northland Bank)
:{{A|vo lyaq101 2 ekaterina 01.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' Welcome, [[Traveler]], friend of [[Childe]]. And congratulations on the first day of your illustrious career with the Fatui.
:{{DIcon}} I don't consider Childe a friend.
:{{DIcon}} I have no intention of joining the Fatui.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 2 ekaterina 02.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' You sound remarkably sure of yourself... Remember, we are mere mortals &mdash; our ideas are fluid like water. Only the Tsaritsa truly has a will as solid as the permafrost.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 2 ekaterina 03.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' But back to the matter at hand. Childe tells me that he has upheld his end of your agreement.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What agreement? Oh, the thing about him helping us find a guy?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 2 ekaterina 04.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' Correct. Childe promised he would find someone to break the stalemate. And the Harbingers do not break their promises lightly.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah. Where is that guy, anyway?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 2 ekaterina 05.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' Childe is currently at {{Color|buzzword|Liuli Pavilion}}.
:{{DIcon}} Liuli Pavilion?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, ooh Paimon knows this one!
:{{A|vo lyaq101 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *clears throat* There are two styles of cooking in Liyue, known as Li style and Yue style. They have been competing for centuries, but neither has emerged as the clear winner.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The flagship restaurant of the Li style is the Liuli Pavilion. The owner especially chose to open the restaurant at Feiyun Slope, so they could compete face-to-face with the Xinyue Kiosk, which is the flagship restaurant of the Yue style.
:{{DIcon}} Trust you to only know these sorts of things...
:{{DIcon}} You're like this every time we talk about food...
:{{A|vo lyaq101 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't talk to Paimon like that! Anyway, Paimon's hungry. Let's get moving.

;(Talk to Ekaterina again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq101 ekaterina 01.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' Master Childe awaits you at the Liuli Pavilion. If you please, do not keep him waiting.
----
;(Talk to Childe outside Liuli Pavilion)
:{{A|vo lyaq101 3 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Aha, you made it.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 3 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' As promised, I have found someone who can help you. Someone who can solve the mystery of why the Liyue Qixing would hide the Geo Archon's vessel.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So where is he? In {{Color|buzzword|Liuli Pavilion}}?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 3 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' He certainly is. Come, I'll introduce you.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 3 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I took the liberty of setting up a business dinner, as per the Liyue custom.
:;(Traveler, Paimon and Childe go towards the entrance of the Liuli Pavilion)
:{{A|vo lyaq101 4 cs waiter 01.ogg}} '''Hongru:''' Welcome back, sir. You honor us with your patronage.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 4 cs waiter 02.ogg}} '''Hongru:''' Mr. Zhongli is awaiting your arrival in the room you booked.
:;(Inside the Liuli Pavilion)
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Allow me to introduce Mr. Zhongli, consultant to an organization known as Wangsheng... and a trusted associate of the Fatui.
:{{DIcon}} Associate of the Fatui?
:{{DIcon}} Wangsheng?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Indeed. Wangsheng's line of work can be... sensitive at times. Let's just say they understand when discretion is needed.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' And we, the Fatui, have always been glad to do business with friends who walk in the shadows.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' W–Walk in the shadows?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It is an honor to meet you. I have heard tell of you from [[Mondstadt]].
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Discretion... shadows... Ah! Is Wangsheng some kind of business involving... "dealing" with people?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Indeed, it is as you have guessed.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh&mdash;!
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The Wangsheng Funeral Parlor organizes burials. We ensure that those who pass on do so in peace.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha, did you think he was some sort of hired killer?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The Fatui calls many such people friends, but the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] does no dabble in such business... well, ostensibly.
:{{DIcon}} Ostensibly...
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Well, they are still&mdash; Ah, I shouldn't say too much. In any case, I brought you to meet Mr. Zhongli because...
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Because I can bring you to see Rex Lapis' vessel.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Ha, don't be so surprised. Sure, the Geo Archon's body has been squirreled away by order of the [[Tianquan]] [[Ningguang]]... but first, let's hear what Mr. Zhongli has to say, shall we?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Rex Lapis may be the Prime of [[Adepti]], but he is ultimately an adeptus. Many adepti have left us over the millennia &mdash; this is the inexorable trend.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The times have changed &mdash; you must have felt it too when you were at Jueyun Karst.
:{{DIcon}} That's true. The adepti are staying away from Liyue.
:{{DIcon}} The Geo Archon is also an adeptus?
:: {{A|vo lyaq101 5 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Archons go by many names. The God of Contracts, the God of Commerce, the Warrior God, Morax, Rex Lapis... is the idea that he also has the title of Adeptus so strange?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' As you have seen, the time of the adepti is ending, and the time of mankind is slowly dawning.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' In years past, Liyue's tradition was that a huge memorial service be held to mark the passing of every adeptus. But this time, the Qixing have made no attempt whatsoever to respect this tradition. It is sacrilege.
:{{DIcon}} Well, they do have a deicide to deal with...
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, the killer hasn't even been caught yet.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Deicide or not, the concern of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor is this: When the ritual to receive this god is so kingly, it is all the more egregious for his final send-off to go unattended to.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 zhongli 11.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Traveler, Childe has told me a lot about you. Since you have had dealings with the Anemo Archon, could I ask you to help me prepare the Geo Archon's last rites?
:{{DIcon}} I'm going to have to think about it...
::{{A|vo lyaq101 5 paimon 07a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, if you think about it, (Traveler), we don't have any other choice...
::{{A|vo lyaq101 5 tartaglia 08a.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Indeed, no amount of consideration can change this outcome.
:{{DIcon}} I accept your invitation...
::{{A|vo lyaq101 5 tartaglia 08b.ogg}} '''Childe:''' A wise decision.
:{{DIcon}} Childe says too much.
::{{A|vo lyaq101 5 tartaglia 08c 1.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh? In our line of work, that means you want to silence me... How interesting. Draw your sword. We shall&mdash;
::{{A|vo lyaq101 5 tartaglia 08c 2.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Just kidding. Let's continue, shall we?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 tartaglia 08c 3.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The Tianquan, Ningguang, has forbidden anyone from accessing [[Rex Lapis]]' vessel... Which of course you would need to access if you are to achieve your goal of meeting all of The Seven.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 zhongli 12c.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Precisely. Only by participating in the [[Rite of Parting]] will you be able to see the form of Rex Lapis again.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like there's no other choice.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 zhongli 13.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' If we are agreed, come with me. We will speak of the details as we walk.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Alright, my bridge-building work here is done. Turned out well, didn't it?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 5 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You can go if you want to, don't worry about me. I might just have a few more drinks... and get acquainted with these things they call "chopsticks" in the meantime.

;(Speak to Childe again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq101 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' My... chopsticks... truly are difficult to use...
----
;(Talk to Zhongli outside Liuli Pavilion)
:{{A|vo lyaq101 6 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' After having experienced the land of the absentee archon, Traveler, how does it feel to know that our archon and adepti are here all around you in Liyue?
:{{DIcon}} I prefer the atmosphere in Mondstadt.
::{{A|vo lyaq101 6 zhongli 02a 1.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I see, so you're that sort of person. It's not a bad thing.
::{{A|vo lyaq101 6 zhongli 02a 2.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' But I suppose you have yet to experience the substance of Liyue's three thousand and seven hundred years of divinity.
:{{DIcon}} Liyue is the better place.
::{{A|vo lyaq101 6 zhongli 02b.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Indeed. The weight of three thousand and seven hundred years' worth of history runs deepest in the true divinity of Liyue.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 6 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Organizing the Rite of Parting should prove to be an enlightening part of your travels.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 6 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Liyue is the most prosperous of the seven nations, defended by deities and ruled by the Qixing. As such, the diplomatic maneuverings of the Fatui have gained no purchase here.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 6 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Ningguang of the Qixing has always been on her guard against the Fatui. That is in all likelihood why Childe wants to make use of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor's connections.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... what would Childe get out of us doing the Rite of Parting anyway?
:{{A|vo lyaq101 6 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I neither know nor do I wish to know. As far as I am concerned, the Fatui are merely financial sponsors. I only wish for Liyue's traditions to endure.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 6 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' These are the advance funds that Childe has provided. If you use them up, you can go to him to apply for any subsequent funding.
:{{A|vo lyaq101 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow...
:{{A|vo lyaq101 6 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Well then, let us be off. The first step in our preparations shall be to obtain some prize {{Color|buzzword|[[Noctilucous Jade]]}} worthy of a deity.
;(Obtain [[A Bag of Mora]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = An Organization Known as Wangsheng
|zhs     = 往生
|zhs_rm  = Wǎngshēng
|zht     = 往生
|zht_rm  = Wǎngshēng
|zh_tl   = Rebirth
|ja      = {{Rubi|往|おう|生|じょう}}
|ja_rm   = Oujou
|ja_tl   = Rebirth
|ko      = {{tt|왕생|往生}}
|ko_rm   = Wangsaeng
|ko_tl   = Rebirth
|es      = El Camino
|es_tl   = The Way
|fr      = Wangsheng
|ru      = Ритуальное бюро «Ваншэн»
|ru_tl   = "Wangsheng" Funeral Parlor
|th      = องค์กรที่ชื่อว่า Wangsheng
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = An Organization Known as Wangsheng
|vi      = {{tt|Vãng Sinh|往生}}
|vi_tl   = Rebirth
|de      = Wangsheng
|id      = Wangsheng
|pt      = Wangsheng
|tr      = Wangsheng Olarak Bilinen Bir Kurum
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'organizzazione nota come Wangsheng
|it_tl   = The Organization Known as Wangsheng
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]

[[es:El Camino]]
[[ja:往生]]
[[pt-br:Wangsheng]]
[[ru:Ритуальное бюро «Ваншэн» (задание)]]