{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Ancient Treasures Unearthed
|image             = Ancient Treasures Unearthed.jpg
|type              = Web
|group             = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-12-20 18:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-01-02 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/114111
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20231220sanxingdui/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Zhongli;Iron Tongue Tian
}}
{{Description|"If you're free for the day, perhaps we could take a stroll together?"<br>Iron Tongue Tian has recently finished writing a new story. Enjoy some leisure time with Zhongli as you listen to the story, look through the pictures, and choose relics together.}}
'''Ancient Treasures Unearthed''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.3]].

==Event Duration==
December 20, 2023 18:00 – January 2, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, click to view the relic descriptions and find the one that best matches the descriptions. Once you have identified all four relics, share this event to obtain in-game rewards.

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, click to view the relic descriptions and find the one that best matches the descriptions.
# Click to select a relic as your answer. Unselected descriptions will not be displayed. You will obtain different achievements depending on the number of clues and attempts used.
# Once you have identified all four relics, share this event to obtain in-game rewards and the event wallpaper.

==In-Game Rewards==
{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*40;Mora*20,000;Adventurer's Experience*3}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# Once you have identified all four relics and shared this event, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ancient Treasures Unearthed
|zhs     = 开山览物
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 開山覽物
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 開山博物
|ja_rm   = Kaisan Hakubutsu
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 산속의 유물
|ko_rm   = Sansok-ui Yumul
|ko_tl   = Relics in the Mountains
|es      = Las reliquias de Tian
|es_tl   = The Relics of Tian
|fr      = À la découverte des reliques
|fr_tl   = Discovering Relics
|ru      = В поисках Реликвий
|ru_tl   = In Search of Relics
|th      = เปิดเขาทัศนาจร
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Phiêu Lưu Trong Núi
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Erkundung in den Bergen
|de_tl   = Exploration in the Mountains
|id      = Penjelajahan di Pegunungan
|id_tl   = Exploration in the Mountains
|pt      = Observando da Montanha
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kadim Hazineler Ortaya Çıkarıldı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Alla scoperta di antichi tesori
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

[[es:Las reliquias de Tian]]
[[fr:À la découverte des reliques]]
[[pt-br:Observando da Montanha]]
[[ru:В поисках реликвий]]