{{Element Infobox
|region       = Mondstadt
|archon       = Barbatos
|oculus       = Anemoculus
|gem          = Vayuda Turquoise
|reaction     = Electro, Pyro, Hydro, Cryo
}}
'''Anemo''' is one of the seven [[Elements]].

Its associated [[Archon]] is [[Barbatos]], whose domain is [[Mondstadt]].

==Elemental Resonance==
Having two Anemo characters in the group results in the [[Elemental Resonance]]:
* '''Impetuous Winds:''' Decreases [[Stamina]] Consumption by 15%. Increases Movement SPD by 10%. Shortens Skill CD by 5%.

==Elemental Reactions==
{{Color|Anemo}} has [[Elemental Reactions]] with the elements {{Electro}}, {{Pyro}}, {{Hydro}} and {{Cryo}}. Depending on the particular talent, it can Swirl or absorb the element or do both.
* '''[[Swirl]]:''' Deals {{Color|Black|Elemental DMG}} of the involved element while spreading the involved elemental status to nearby enemies.

Many Anemo characters and enemies also have the following skills:
* '''[[Elemental Absorption]]:''' Absorbs an element and becomes infused with that element, dealing damage of that type. The absorbed element can trigger further reactions, including '''Swirl'''.
* '''[[Displacement]] <small>(Crowd Control)</small>:''' The ability to displace mobs of entities by knocking them back or pulling them in. Many Anemo users especially have the ability to create [[Vacuum Field]]s that pull in enemies within a radius.

==Anemo Status==
{{See also|Elemental Gauge Theory}}
Similar to the {{Geo}}, the {{Color|Anemo}} status cannot be applied using elemental attacks. However, the {{Enemy|Anemo Hypostasis}} applies a long-lasting {{Color|Anemo}} status to itself while its core is exposed, and unlike {{Color|Persistent Geo}} on {{Enemy|Geo Hypostasis}} and [[Planet Befall]] &mdash; it <u>can</u> react with other elements to trigger [[Swirl]].

===Anemo Status to Self===
The following [[Talents]] apply the {{Anemo}} status to its user and/or the active character.
{{Talents by Category Table|Anemo Status to Self Talents}}

==Anemo Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Anemo Characters|noelement=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Anemo Characters|noelement=1}}

==Enemies==
{{Enemies by Category List|header=1}}

==Exploration==
Some environmental objects or obstacles are considered {{Color|Anemo}} objects:
* [[Anemo Amber]]
* [[Wind Barrier]]

==Anemo Damage Bonus==
{{Main|Damage Bonus/Anemo}}

==Anemo Resistance==
{{Main|Resistance/Anemo}}

==Trivia==
* In ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s story, {{Anemo}} is the first element that the Traveler resonates with, and they are shown using Anemo in a cinematic cutscene in ''[[Ending Note]]'', the final quest of the [[Prologue]] of the [[Archon Quest]]s.
** In ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s gameplay, players are forced to resonate their [[Traveler]] characters with the [[Statue of The Seven]] in [[Starfell Lake]] during ''[[Bird's Eye View]]'' in Act I of the Prologue, during which all parts of the map outside of a small part of [[Mondstadt]] are considered [[out of bounds]]. It is impossible to first resonate with a Statue of The Seven in any other nation or to progress past ''Bird's Eye View'' without unlocking any Statues of The Seven in Mondstadt, unless exploits or glitches are used.

===Etymology===
* The name Anemo comes from the prefix for words related to wind, "{{wt|anemo-||English}}," which derives from {{lang|the Ancient Greek word for wind|grc=ἄνεμος|grc_rm=ánemos}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Anemo
|zhs     = 风
|zhs_rm  = Fēng
|zht     = 風
|zht_rm  = Fēng
|zh_tl   = Wind
|ja      = {{Rubi|風|かぜ}}
|ja_rm   = Kaze
|ja_tl   = Wind
|ko      = 바람
|ko_rm   = Baram
|ko_tl   = Wind
|es      = Anemo
|fr      = Anémo
|ru      = Анемо
|th      = ลม
|th_rm   = Lom
|th_tl   = Wind
|vi      = {{tt|Phong|風}}
|vi_tl   = Wind
|de      = Anemo
|id      = Anemo
|pt      = Anemo
|tr      = Rüzgar
|tr_tl   = Wind
|it      = Anemo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Element Navbox}}

[[de:Anemo]]
[[fr:Anémo]]
[[id:Anemo]]
[[it:Anemo]]
[[ja:風]]
[[pl:Anemo]]
[[pt-br:Anemo]]
[[ru:Анемо]]
[[th:ลม]]
[[uk:Анемо]]
[[vi:Phong]]