{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!-- NPC Anfortas.png -->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = 
|region           = Khaenri'ah
|affiliation      = Schwanenritter
|title            = Marshal Regent
|title2           = Knight Marshal

|ancestry         = Alberich Clan
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = Chlothar Alberich
|relative2        = Caribert (NPC)

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Anfortas''' was a historical figure from [[Khaenri'ah]] who lived during the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago.

At the time the cataclysm struck, Anfortas was the Knight Marshal and the leader of the [[Schwanenritter]]. He declared himself the Marshal Regent after [[Irmin|King Irmin]] became "indisposed," and led an effort to take Khaenri'ahn survivors aboveground and into [[Sumeru]].

==Profile==
Little is known about Anfortas' background. His role as Marshal Regent suggests that he was a member of the [[Alberich Clan]], given that [[Kaeya]]'s childhood lessons on the clan's history emphasized how "it was the Alberich Clan, who did not have royal blood, who stepped in as regents when the strength of the one-eyed king Irmin failed."<ref name="HS">Event [[Hidden Strife]] Optional Letter: [[Hidden Strife/Story#The Brick|The Brick]]</ref>

Anfortas likely held a large amount of influence in Khaenri'ahn affairs even before the cataclysm, and the author of [[Gavireh Lajavard#Someone's Abandoned Letter|Someone's Abandoned Letter]] entreats Anfortas to convince Irmin of the value of preserving some Khaenri'ahn technology made before the introduction of [[forbidden knowledge]]. The [[Ruin Golem]]s used by the Schwanenritter are an earlier design compared the other [[Ruin Machine]]s commonly seen around Teyvat,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Vimana Agama: First Chapter|quote='''Jazari:''' It [the Ruin Golem's Amiti Device] should be marked with unique Khaenri'ah-style patterns, that can be recognized to be chronologically different from the common types seen on Ruin Guards, thus marking this as some sort of earlier version of the device...}}</ref> suggesting that Anfortas either shared the author's distrust of forbidden knowledge, or lost his faith in it with the advent of the cataclysm.
<!--
===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Story==
By the time the cataclysm began in Khaenri'ah, Anfortas was the Knight Marshal. When Khaenri'ah faced an unprecedented crisis related to their use of forbidden knowledge and Irmin was "indisposed," Anfortas proclaimed himself temporary Regent and led the Regnum Concilium Ultimum, or Final Kingdom Council.<ref>Interactable: [[Gavireh Lajavard#Barely-Legible Bulletin|Barely-Legible Bulletin]]</ref> After Knight Commander [[Hadura]] led a successful operation in stalling Abyssal beasts, Anfortas is indicated to have bestowed them with the title "Sentinel of the Golden Hall."<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Afratu's Dilemma|note=optional interactable Old Orders|quote='''Old Orders:''' ...Knight Commander Hadura, who has successfully led the operation to stall the beasts, is hereby conferred the title of "Sentinel of the Golden Hall"...}}</ref>

The Schwanenritter decided to evacuate able persons from Khaenri'ah and take them to [[Sumeru]], using the Ruin Golems to fight against Abyssal monsters. However, after reaching the surface, Khaenri'ahns started becoming afflicted with a strange disease which turned them into monsters.<ref name="Ancient Journal">Interactable: [[Gavireh Lajavard#Ancient Journal|Ancient Journal]]</ref> This disease's symptoms<ref>Interactable, Ruin Golem at Valley of Dahri: [[Ruin Golem (Valley of Dahri)#Someone's Diary|Someone's Diary]]</ref> are described similarly to [[Eleazar]]'s,<ref>{{Ref/HEO|Eleazar Hospital Notes}}</ref> which resulted from [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]]'s forbidden knowledge contamination; the effects were terrifying enough that a number of those who had not yet been affected decided to return underground.<ref name="Ancient Journal" />

The known members of the Schwanenritter were undeterred by the disease and continued fighting against the Abyss. Hildric died of multiple-organ failure while Ynghildr went missing during a battle against the dark beasts. Anfortas and Hadura were the only two Schwanenritter left when Hadura betrayed them and caused irreversible damage to a machine; when Anfortas went to execute them, he lost his left eye in the battle. Despite Hadura's betrayal, Anfortas gave them a proper Knight's funeral since they were the last of his compatriots.<ref>Interactable: [[Ruin Golem (Devantaka Mountain)#Mysterious Chronicles|Mysterious Chronicles]]</ref> Various Ruin Guards scattered around [[Dharma Forest]] contain fragments of a coded message which, when deciphered, reads: We Schwanenritters have fought to the last one;<ref>{{Ref/HEO|Cryptic Message in Sumeru}}</ref> reading all five parts to the message grants the [[Achievement]] ''[[In the Name of Anfortas]]''.

While fighting against the Abyss in Dharma Forest, the Schwanenritter were joined by the [[Sumeru Akademiya]] Darshan that would come to be known as the [[Order of Skeptics]], led by the sage [[Nagarjuna]]. Nagarjuna and his followers recognized the Schwanenritter as "heroes of Dahri" and, to carry on the Schwanenritters' will to completely destroy the cataclysm, followed the path they had taken from the [[Girdle of the Sands]], where they assisted the [[Pari]] and [[Dainsleif]] in quelling the calamity by purifying the [[Harvisptokhm]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 2)}}</ref><ref>Achievement Description: ''[[In the Name of Anfortas]]''<br>''Visit the place where the heroes met their end''</ref> Given that the Order of Skeptics were "carry[ing] the will those heroes had borne," it can be assumed that none of the Schwanenritter, including Anfortas, accompanied them. Anfortas' ultimate fate is left unknown.

==Trivia==
*During the {{Quest|Destined Encounter}}, [[Dainsleif]] states that Kaeya is the descendant of the Abyss Order's founder, which is Chlothar. Whether Kaeya is Chlothar's lineal descendant or a collateral descendant is not specified, making it possible that Kaeya is Anfortas' lineal descendant and Chlothar's collateral descendant.
*Like King Irmin before him, Anfortas was a one-eyed regent of Khaenri'ah.

===Etymology===
* In Eschenbach's ''Parzifal'', "Anfortas" is the name of the {{w|Fisher King}}, an immortal king in Arthurian legend tasked with guarding the {{w|Holy Grail}}.<!--

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Anfortas
|zhs     = 安弗塔斯
|zhs_rm  = Ānfútǎsī
|zht     = 安弗塔斯
|zht_rm  = Ānfútǎsī
|ja      = アンフォルタス
|ja_rm   = Anforutasu
|ko      = 안포르타스
|es      = Anfortas
|fr      = Anfortas
|ru      = Анфортас
|th      = Anfortas
|vi      = Anfortas
|de      = Anfortas
|id      = Anfortas
|pt      = Anfortas
|tr      = Anfortas
|it      = Anfortas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}