{{About|the species|the exploration mechanic|Seelie}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image       = Celestial Envoy.png|Angel
|caption     = Depiction of an angel, painted by the [[Princess of Sal Vindagnyr]]
|type        = Species
|type2       = Lore
}}
'''Angels''', known more commonly as '''Seelie''', and also referred to as "divine envoys," are a species strongly associated with [[Celestia]] and which once flourished in ancient [[Teyvat]].<ref name=BtSS>{{Ref/Quest|page=Beneath the Secret Source}}</ref>

They were created by the [[Primordial One]] using light, and their purpose was to guide humanity.<ref name="Lost Crown">{{Ref/Arti|Deep Gallery's Lost Crown}}</ref> They were eventually cursed by their creator, such that if they loved a single individual as opposed to all equally, they would be stripped of both their bodies and minds.<ref name=Oblivion>{{Ref/Arti|Deep Gallery's Moment of Oblivion}}</ref><ref name="FCoP">{{Ref/Quest|For the Children of the Past}}</ref> Very few angels remain with their minds intact in the modern day, with all others being reduced to mindless spirits.

==Overview==
{{Description|"The chirping of insects on a long-gone autumn night is the chorus of exiles, singing mankind's most ancient song as they live out their plight..."<br>"Stripped of all that the body once held close and the soul once held dear, song, and memories are all that now remain of yesteryear."<br>"The last singers, the first Seelie, they played their final tune in the halls of angels."|Part of "a song of Seelie"<ref name="ADT">{{Ref/Book|A Drunkard's Tale}}</ref>}}
To date, all known angels are female, and they are described as having "beautiful forms." They bear pale silver wings, and once wore crowns made of seven colors — perhaps an allusion to the seven [[elements]]. These crowns were so bright that humans were unable to look upon them.<ref name="Lost Crown" /> One angel, [[Nabu Malikata]], is described to have a pair of beautiful horns on her head<ref name="TTGW">{{Ref/Quest|The Trail of the God of Wisdom}}</ref>, which matches the horns seen on present Seelie, and is perhaps what the 'headdress' on murals depicting angels represents. It is uncertain how large angels were, as murals usually depict them as larger than humans, but Nabu Malikata has a throne which is sized appropriately for a human.

Angels were commanded from birth to love all creatures of the world equally.<ref name="Lost Crown" /> As "flawless arbiters of justice", their duty was to guide humanity to teach them languages and "philosophies of nature,"<ref name="RoJ4">{{Ref/Book|Records of Jueyun|4|Mountain Spirit}}</ref><ref name=Loading>{{Ref/Loading|Others|Seelie}}</ref> as well as bring mortals oracles to help them understand the future.<ref name=Illumination>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Prayers for Illumination}}</ref> In line with this, angels seem to have a limited ability to foresee the future, even hundreds or thousands of years away.<ref name=Prelude>{{Ref/Arti|Harmonious Symphony Prelude}}</ref><ref name=Vourukasha>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Vourukasha's Glow}}</ref> 

Angels are strongly associated with [[Irminsul]] and the [[Ley Lines]], and humans seem to have been able to seek them out by descending into the Irminsul altars within [[Domains]].<ref name=Illumination /><ref name="Bestowed Banquet">{{Ref/Arti|Deep Gallery's Bestowed Banquet}}</ref> Two angels are known to have been given duties to protect Irminsul trees and Ley Lines.<ref name="BtSS" /><ref name=Prelude /> They had palaces outside the realm the gods currently hold authority over,<ref name="ADT" /> which may be referring to [[Celestia]] or, more likely, the [[Dark Sea]].

==History==
The [[First Angel]] once met a [[voyager]] from beyond Teyvat, with whom they married. The [[Aria, Sonnet and Canon|three sisters]] of the Lunar Palace, Aria, Sonnet, and Canon, witnessed their marriage. Their union was founded not only on love, but also a desire to rebel against the [[Heavenly Principles]]. Along with the Frostmoon, the couple created the [[Snowland Fae]] upon the bones of "great beasts," and built a great tower, now known as the [[Spiral Abyss]]. According to Vol. 4 of ''[[Records of Jueyun]]'', thirty days after the union, a disaster struck; the Seelie and their lover fled into exile, but the disaster eventually caught up with them. A more reliable account states that their golden city was laid to waste by a [[divine nail]], likely making this disaster synonymous with the [[dragons]]' [[War of Vengeance]]. The Heavenly Principles punished the couple by separating them and wiping their memories.<ref name="RoJ4" /><ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|page=Finale of the Deep Galleries}}</ref>

Due to the betrayal of the First Angel, and the implied seduction of numerous others by the [[Abyss]],<ref name=Amethyst>{{Ref/Arti|Amethyst Crown}}</ref> all angels were collectively punished with the curse of the [[Seelie]] should they forsake the commandments of universal love given at their birth. Their previous form, voice, and wisdom were lost; now, all they can offer is small treasures to those willing to follow them.

The angels and Seelie of [[Natlan]] were nearly all killed by the [[Dragon|dragons]] in the War of Vengeance, leaving only one final envoy alive.<ref>{{Ref/Item|page=Blazing Sacrificial Heart's Hesitance|quote=... those envoys from the skies above, under whose guidance the earthly civilizations had thrived, were devoured by the awakened dragons ...}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=Revelations from the Past|quote=The pitch-black flames scorch the land, and even the white tree nearly withered, and the final envoy's glow shattered and smashed, only able to subsist on the last leaves of the severed roots.}}</ref> It is implied that this envoy is [[Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night]], who used the remaining leaves of the burned tree and leylines to create Natlan's [[Night Kingdom]].<ref name=BtSS />

==Legacy==
While almost all angels have had their form and consciousness stripped away, certain notable angels have left a significant impact upon modern Teyvat. 

The angels [[Nabu Malikata]] and [[Sybilla]] both created offspring which bear resemblance to the Seelie. Nabu Malikata created both the [[Jinn]]<ref name=Myriad>{{Ref/Arti|Ay-Khanoum's Myriad}}</ref> and [[Khvarena]]<ref name=Vourukasha />, who played a major role in the history of the [[Great Red Sand]], and in protecting [[Sumeru]] from the [[Cataclysm]], respectively. Sybilla gave up her life to create the Symphony known as [[Phobos]] for [[Remus]], who would help the people of [[Remuria]] escape the shackles of the [[Heavenly Principles]]. Similarly, the [[Snowland Fae|fae]] created by the [[First Angel]] still seem to be active in [[Snezhnaya]].

Nabu Malikata and [[Yohualtecuhtin]] became known as gods in Sumeru and [[Natlan]], respectively. They helped the people of their nations while most of the world was going through the [[Archon War]]. Nabu Malikata co-ruled Sumeru with [[King Deshret]] and the future [[Dendro]] [[Archon]], [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]].<ref name="DEF2">{{Ref/Quest|Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part II}}</ref> Yohualtecuhtin helped the [[Natlan Tribes|tribes]] of Natlan fertilize the land and defeat the dragons;<ref name="Damaged Stone Tablet">[[Ancestral Temple#Interactables|Damaged Stone Tablet]], Ancestral Temple</ref><ref name="Myths of the Night Realm">{{Ref/Arti|Myths of the Night Realm}}</ref> she also brokered the three-way agreement between [[Xbalanque]], [[Ronova]], and [[Kukulkan]], which created the [[Pyro Archon]] and "rules" of Natlan.<ref name=BtSS /> In the modern day, Yohualtecuhtin still protects Natlan's [[Night Kingdom]] and [[Ley Lines]], presiding over all [[Wayob]] and guiding Natlan's dead ancestors.

==Known Angels==
{| class="article-table sortable"
! Name !! Region !! Status
|-
| [[First Angel]] || [[Hyperborea]] || Unknown, cursed to become a Seelie
|-
| [[Nabu Malikata]] || [[Sumeru]] || Deceased
|-
| [[Sybilla]] || [[Fontaine]] || Deceased
|-
| [[Yohualtecuhtin]] || [[Natlan]] || Alive
|-
|}

==Trivia==
* The Teyvatian legends of the fall of the Seelie and the moon sisters may have connections to Enkanomiya's historical records in ''[[Before Sun and Moon]]''. The main difference between Enkanomiya and Teyvat's legends is that the Enkanomiya legends specifically record the existence of the [[Primordial One]] and the [[Second Who Came]], while Teyvat legends do not indicate any such entities but leave the state of the world before the fall of the Seelie open-ended.
** The Angels are said to have been a mighty, wise race tasked with guiding humanity,<ref name=Loading /> and remains of their civilization can be found in the wastelands now known as the [[Dark Sea]].<ref name="ADT" /> At this time, a single unified human civilization covered the whole world, which Enkanomiya was part of before the war with the Second Who Came.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Three Great Martial Trials}}</ref><ref name="SubterraTrials">{{Ref/Quest|The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent}}</ref>
** The First Angel pledged their union with a "traveler from afar," only for disaster to befall the world thirty days later, which resulted in the lovers being separated for eternity and having their memories of each other wiped.<ref name="RoJ4" /> If the scribe of [[Istaroth]]'s belief that the Primordial One prevailed over the Second Who Came is true, then the Second Who Came may be the traveler in the Seelie legend. Given that ''Before Sun and Moon'' is believed to contain evidence that the Primordial One and [[Celestia]] are not from this world,<ref name="SubterraTrials" /><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Antigonus}}</ref> it is likely that the Second Who Came was an outlander as well.
** Out of their grief over the star-crossed lovers' fate, most of the Seelie withered away into their current forms,<ref name="RoJ4" /> while others were left to lament the fall of their race.<ref name="ADT" /> Seelie exist in Enkanomiya and their Seelie Courts are in better condition compared to ones in Teyvat, which suggests that the events in the Seelie legend occurred right before Enkanomiya was separated from the surface world. The Seelie there still withered away in their grief, but the Seelie Courts have not undergone weather erosion or otherwise sustained damage like the ones on the surface of Teyvat.
** The destructive scope of the disasters in the two legends are described similarly: in the war with the Second Who Came, "the heavens collapsed and the earth was rent asunder."<ref>{{Ref/Book|Before Sun and Moon}}</ref> During the fall of the Seelie, "the world collapsed around them,"<ref name="RoJ4" /> while on the moon sisters' side, "disasters overturned the sovereign carriage and laid ruin to the halls of the stars."<ref>{{Ref/Book|Moonlit Bamboo Forest|3}}</ref>
*** While carriages and chariots have not been an element in Teyvat legends besides the moon sisters' carriage, another chariot has played a prominent role in Enkanomiya: the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]], also known as the "chariot of the sun."<ref name="SubterraTrials" /> This turn of phrase may be derived from the culture of the unified civilization.
* Certain survivors of the original Angel race, such as [[Nabu Malikata]] and the Lord of the Night, are referred to as [[god]]s.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Myths of the Night Realm|quote=And the god of the night realm responded.}}</ref> However, further connection between gods and Angels remains unclear.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|Transclude = Seelie#2
|1_en       = Angel
|1_zhs      = 
|1_zhs_rm   = 
|1_zht      = 
|1_zht_rm   = 
|1_zh_tl    = 
|1_ja       = 
|1_ja_rm    = 
|1_ja_tl    = 
|1_ko       = 
|1_ko_tl    =
|1_es       = Ángel
|1_es_tl    = Angel
|1_fr       = 
|1_fr_tl    =
|1_ru       = 
|1_ru_tl    = 
|1_th       = 
|1_vi       = 
|1_vi_tl    = 
|1_de       =
|1_id       = 
|1_pt       = 
|1_tr       = 
|1_tr_tl    = 
|1_it       = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|World}}

[[Category:Angels| ]]

[[ja:天の使い]]