{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74003
|image         = World Quest Ann's Story.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Ann of the Narzissenkreuz
|act           = Kingdom Through the Looking-Glass
|actNum        = II
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Ann; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = 
|prev          = The Story of "the Princess" and "the Adventure Team"
|next          = Mary-Ann's Story
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*450;Primogem*50;Mora*50,000;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
}}
'''''Ann's Story''''' is the only quest in the series [[Ann of the Narzissenkreuz]] Act II: ''[[Kingdom Through the Looking-Glass]]''.

==Steps==
# Keep moving ahead
#* Loop 1: {{Enemy|Bubbler Seahorse|x=1}}
#* Loop 2: {{Enemy|Bubbler Seahorse|x=2}}
#* Loop 3: {{Enemy|Bubbler Seahorse|x=3}}
# Obtain the Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz
# Go on with the help of the Holy Blade's power
# Jump down and reach the end of the story
# Continue onward
# Defeat the dragon
#* {{Enemy|Rhodeia of Loch|text=Dragon &mdash; They Name It "Narcissus"}}
# Talk to [[Ann]]
# Continue onwards
# Look for clues

==Gameplay Notes==
* Ann will stay by the player's side as long as they remain in [[Chemin de L'Espoir]] and [[Annapausis]]. "Equipment"-type [[Gadget]]s can be equipped, but will not visually appear.
* A teleport waypoint, An Adventure With the Oceanid Ann, becomes available at the start of the quest. After step 4, it moves to the Dragon arena, and during step 9, it moves to the library.
** While fighting the Oceanid, it is possible to exit the barrier around the arena by teleporting. Enemies will stay confined inside.
* The "Dragon" fought during step 6 is the special variant of the Rhodeia of Loch boss, who uses a different moveset and can be attacked directly rather than through defeating their summons only. 
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|And After That...}}
* The Convoluted Corridor changes only during the first three "loops."
** An additional [[Water Volume Detection Crystal]], [[Armored Crab]], [[Bubbler Seahorse]], and [[Bubble Formation]] is added per loop.
** A [[Mora Chest|Mora cache]] appears on the third loop.
** On the third loop, the winding corridors leading to the sword room and to the Bubble Formation room become longer, and there are more stairs on the path towards the elevator.
** The door leading back to Annapausis will not work on the second and third loops.
** Once triggered, the door leading to the Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz will appear on all three loop variations.

==Trivia==
* This quest contains multiple references to ''{{w|Alice's Adventures in Wonderland}}'' and ''{{w|Through the Looking-Glass}}'' by {{w|Lewis Carroll}}:
** Ann is representative of Alice, the protagonist of the books.
** The player ends up in a location which seems to loop endlessly (though careful observation or the end of the quest shows that it does not). Likewise, Alice encounters situations that are seemingly physically impossible.
** The player obtains [[Jabberwock's Holy Sword]], a reference to the Vorpal Blade from ''{{w|Jabberwocky}}'', a poem included in ''Through the Looking-Glass''.
** The player is tasked with slaying a dragon, while in ''Jabberwocky'', a character kills the eponymous beast, which is described very much like a dragon, and looks like one in the accompanying illustration.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Continue onward.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Paimon:''' That's a...
:{{DIcon}} "Fell Shield of Narcissus"?
::'''Paimon:''' Haha. That name does fit our adventure up till now, huh?
:{{DIcon}} It seems like some sort of seal...
:'''Ann:''' This is the center of the world. The castle where the dragon lurks, the tower that imprisons the Princess. Sometimes, it is the lost Ancient City of Ys. Sometimes, Arcadia. At times, it is even golden Hyperborea.
:'''Ann:''' Here, many untrodden realms have been conquered. Here, many heroes have defeated evil dragons.
:'''Ann:''' This is a place that brims with magic, and I was never really able to understand it. Children could see, through a stone wall, the imaginary griffins that whirl freely in the distant cloud-filled skies.
:'''Ann:''' These four pools would, in different adventure tales, be the four seas, and sometimes the four cardinal realms of the world.
:'''Ann:''' I could not understand these things either, but to accompany the children on their adventures, I played all sorts of roles.
:'''Paimon:''' Are these more of those suddenly-emerging memories?
:'''Ann:''' ...Yes.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm. Ann, are you alright?
:'''Ann:''' I don't know. I feel very strange. These memories are so beautiful, but terrifying, too.
:'''Ann:''' Look, there, atop that small fountain. That is the Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz.
:'''Paimon:''' Is it really? It looks, uh, kinda cheap.
:{{DIcon}} Behold, Paimon, the holy blade!
::'''Paimon:''' Seriously? It's just a shabby wooden sword! Still...
:{{DIcon}} It's like that time with the [[Lionfang's Legacy|Sword of Brilliant Valor]]...
::'''Paimon:''' Ooh, okay, Paimon gets it. It is the tale behind the blade and one's belief in it that makes it a holy blade, right?
:'''Paimon:''' With this sword in hand, Paimon bets the kids sure felt like invincible heroes, ready to take to the skies and do battle with their enemies, huh!
:'''Ann:''' Appropriately-shaped branches and drying poles could also, in the right tale, be the holy blade.
:'''Ann:''' But she... One day, a certain woman brought several wooden swords for the children to play with, so that the drying poles would stop being used in fights.
:'''Paimon:''' ...And who was that?
:'''Ann:''' I do not know. It must have been someone who once lived here...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, it does seem like the kingdom was once a lively place, with all sorts of people in it!
:'''Paimon:''' When you think about it like that, the Holy Blade must've been very important.
:'''Ann:''' A normal sword can cleave flesh, but the Holy Blade can cleave spirit and will.
:'''Ann:''' As such, even impervious dragons and formless illusions are no match for it.
:'''Ann:''' If the story of our adventure team is to reach its end, we will need the blade.
:'''Paimon:''' Is it really that powerful? It just looks like a cheap wooden sword...
:{{DIcon}} Just take its holiness at face value.
:'''Paimon:''' Sure, if you say so... But it doesn't look like we can reach it right now.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's continue exploring. Maybe we'll find some way to break this magical bubble.

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, let's continue on. Princess [[Lyris]] is still waiting for us at the end of the line!

;(Approach the Bubbler Seahorse)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, there's creatures from the Fontemer here! Is this the Narzissenkreuz Kingdom's zoo?
:'''Ann:''' That it is not! They're just ordinary wildlife.
:'''Ann:''' We've dealt with plenty of these impetuous creatures before. But every time you blink, more of them show up.
:'''Paimon:''' You've dealt with them before...

;(Enter the room)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, a Bubble Formation? Why would there be Bubble Formations here?
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, quick! {{color|buzzword|Get behind the pillar}}!

;(Take out the bubble formation)
:'''Paimon:''' Actually, why is there a Bubble Formation here too? Was this meant to prevent invaders from kidnapping the Princess?
:'''Ann:''' ...Yes. That is the case.
:'''Paimon:''' Also, we ran into some enemies earlier. Didn't you say that when Princess Lyris gave you her treasure, the tower stagnated, and even Narcissus could not enter?
:'''Paimon:''' There's... a lot of stuff here that doesn't make sense. What's going on?
:'''Ann:''' I don't know either. I never thought about what would happen after we entered the tower.
:'''Ann:''' Also, this place feels very strange. I don't understand. I should never have been here before, but I find myself... recalling, feeling many things.
:'''Ann:''' Do you two not feel it?
:{{DIcon}} No.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't either...
:'''Ann:''' Hmmm...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, do you know what place this is, Ann?
:'''Ann:''' This was the assembly hall of the Narzissenkreuz Institute. The children would study here normally. I remember now. This was a lovely place. There was no sunlight, but it was always lively here.
:'''Ann:''' The children were all of different dimensions &mdash; some of them as different as the two of you. But here, they would study together, listen to tales of the Hydro Archon... and to tales older still.
:{{DIcon}} Dimensions?
:'''Ann:''' I mean that some children were very small, and some were somewhat larger.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey now! Paimon might be small, but she's got a big heart!
:'''Paimon:''' A&mdash;Anyway... What about the Princess? Was she a child, too? Would the children hear stories about her?
:'''Ann:''' I... I don't know.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh.
:'''Paimon:''' Why does Paimon get the feeling that the story's started drifting away from the Princess ever since we teleported here?
:'''Ann:''' No, this place must have something to do with her.
:'''Ann:''' We must be able to find her at the end of this road. She will be happy to see us.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, you're the local. Paimon trusts you!

;(Enter the [[Phase Gate]])
:'''Paimon:''' Well, let's continue on. Princess Lyris is still waiting for us at the end of the line!

;(Activate the platform)
:'''???:''' (You hear the sound of a bell...)
:'''Ann:''' That's the sound of the bell...
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh! Does that mean the adventure is coming to a close, and Princess Lyris is right up ahead?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, there don't seem to be any paths leading forward... Anyway, let's check out what's inside this treasure chest first.

;(Open the Exquisite chest)
:'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see what's inside the chest... Huh? A feather?
:'''Paimon:''' Why would anyone put feathers in treasure chests? Do they just wake up one day and decide to do that on a whim!?
:;(Obtain {{Item|Green Feather Accessory}}) 

;(Approach the marker)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's... kinda... dizzy. There are so many books here...
:{{DIcon}} Is this a library?
::'''Paimon:''' Wait a minute. Is it just that Paimon hasn't fully woken up yet, or is it déjà vu? Haven't these things already happened before?
:{{DIcon}} Is this a bookstore?
::'''Paimon:''' What makes you think there'd be secret underground bookstore ruins anywhere in Fontaine?
::'''Paimon:''' Wait a minute. Is it just that Paimon hasn't fully woken up yet, or is it déjà vu? Haven't these things already happened before?
:{{DIcon}} Déjà vu, perhaps?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh. Y'know, Paimon thought that she hadn't fully woken up yet... But haven't these things happened before?
:'''Ann:''' There will be another adventure, and another, and another one after that.
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' So... Even though the Princess is waiting for us at the end of this road, it's just a bunch of connected loops with no real end?
:{{DIcon}} On the other hand...
::{{DIcon}} We'll be able to leave as long as we find the end of the road.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Do you have an idea, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Any thoughts, Ann?
::'''Ann:''' I'm sorry. I don't know. I don't know anything about what happens after this...
::{{DIcon}} Then let's take stock real quick.
:::{{DIcon}} Have you noticed anything, Paimon?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go over what we know first, then.
:::{{DIcon}} Have you noticed anything, Paimon?
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? You're asking Paimon? Uh, hold on a moment...
:'''Paimon:''' First, the paths here have been connected such that they form a ring, right? In that case, there'd be no getting out...
:'''Paimon:''' Except that we were able to get on these paths, so there should be a way off them. There has to be a point from which we can break through.
:'''Paimon:''' Next, we saw that... super powerful sword, or something.
:'''Ann:''' Yes, the Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz.
:'''Paimon:''' It should be a key item in some way...
:{{DIcon}} And why do you think that?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, it looks like a wooden sword, but it was inside a protective barrier. Would all that trouble be necessary if it wasn't important?
:'''Paimon:''' So, Paimon thinks that we need to get that sword!
:{{DIcon}} Was there any other notable thing?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Paimon can't think of anything at the moment...
:'''Paimon:''' But that said, this tile sticks out like a sore thumb, doesn't it?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't just make that one up, by the way! When we passed this way before, it did feel weird how this tile is not connected to the others, and how it has a different pattern.
:'''Paimon:''' It could be a trap!
:{{DIcon}} That's what I was thinking about as well.
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, guess Paimon's just as smart as you are, eh?
:{{DIcon}} Good work, Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, why are you praising Paimon so seriously all of a sudden? Paimon's not used to this...
:'''Ann:''' But you really do have an impressive mind, Paimon. As for me, my head's a mess. I can't get my thoughts straight...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't beat yourself up too much! You're being assaulted by strange memories in this place...
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's think of how we can get out of this loop based on the stuff we thought of earlier!
----
;(Use {{Item|Green Feather Accessory}} to open the seal, optional)
;Strangely, the feather that was used before has reappeared in your hand...
:;(Obtain {{Item|Jabberwock's Holy Sword}})
:'''Paimon:''' We've finally gotten it! The Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, what's this?

;(Approach the two Bubbler Seahorses)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, there's creatures from the Fontemer here! Is this the Narzissenkreuz Kingdom's zoo?
:'''Ann:''' That it is not! They're just ordinary wildlife.
:'''Ann:''' We've dealt with plenty of these impetuous creatures before. But every time you blink, more of them show up.
:'''Paimon:''' You've dealt with them before...

;(Activate the platform)
:'''???:''' (You hear the sound of a bell...)
:'''Ann:''' That's the sound of the bell...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Didn't something exactly like this happen before? Paimon recalls there was a chest...

;(Return to the central area after the third loop)
<!-- Other three options are the same as before -->
:{{DIcon|Quest}} "Someone" wants this tale of adventure to never end.
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? What are you on about, {{Traveler}}?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh. You know what? Paimon thought that she hadn't fully woken up yet... But haven't these things happened before?
::{{DIcon}} But the future of a story that constantly repeats will never come.
::{{DIcon}} But we must keep moving forward.
::'''Ann:''' Yes...
::{{DIcon}} Princess Lyris waits at the end of this path.
::'''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon knows! The last time we were here, you said "On the other hand, we'll be able to leave as long as we find the end of the road," didn't you?
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Then there must be a way!

;(Start a fourth loop)
:'''Paimon:''' Phew... We can't just keep walking. Why don't we go back and see if we can find any clues?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Move towards the correct direction.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Pick up the sword again)
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, finally! The Holy Blade is ours!
:'''Paimon:''' It doesn't look like much, but once its powers are awakened, it will become a destructive and invincible weapon!
:'''Paimon:''' How is it, {{Traveler}}? Can you feel its power?
:{{DIcon}} Uogh! Unlimited power...
::'''Paimon:''' Ooh!
::{{DIcon}} ...Comes not from this blade.
::'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What? C'mon, you had Paimon going there...
:{{DIcon}} Hmm...
:{{DIcon}} This really is just a wooden toy sword.
:'''Paimon:''' Come to think of it, Ann, you did mention that the Holy Blade was originally a wooden sword that kids played with...
:'''Ann:''' That's right. When the young heroes from the Narzissenkreuz Adventure Team would pick this sword up, they would become able to defeat all foes in their tale.
:'''Paimon:''' ...Well, let's just take this sword, shall we? Who knows, it might come in handy later &mdash; and if not, we can take it as a souvenir.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz}})
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Continue onward.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Return to the central room after completing another loop, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's... kinda... dizzy. There are so many books here...
:{{DIcon}} We already have the Holy Blade.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What are you on about, {{Traveler}}?
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, we really do have it. When did that happen?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. You know what? Paimon thought that she hadn't fully woken up yet... But she definitely remembers that we came here before!
:{{DIcon}} It's time to enter the next part of the story.
:'''Ann:''' But... We don't know what will happen next...
:{{DIcon}} Well, Princess Lyris waits at the end of this path.
::{{DIcon}} Do you believe that?
:'''Ann:''' I do.
:'''Ann:''' Yes! That has to be true. Apart from saving the Princess... apart from that one wish, I have nothing at all. I'll do anything to fulfill it!
:'''Paimon:''' Ann...
:{{DIcon}} In that case, let's do this for Princess Lyris.
::{{DIcon}} Believe in me and Paimon. Let's go.
:::{{DIcon}} I am your knight, after all.
:::{{DIcon}} I do want to finish this journey, after all.
::{{DIcon}} I am your knight, after all.
::{{DIcon}} I do want to finish this journey, after all.
:{{DIcon}} In that case, let's do this to achieve your goal, Ann.
::{{DIcon}} Believe in me and Paimon. Let's go.
:::{{DIcon}} I am your knight, after all.
:::{{DIcon}} I do want to finish this journey, after all.
::{{DIcon}} I am your knight, after all.
::{{DIcon}} I do want to finish this journey, after all.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! We're here to help you, Ann &mdash; we're your super reliable helpers!
:'''Paimon:''' You've gotta believe in us. Also, the Princess is waiting!
:'''Ann:''' Yes. I believe in the two of you.

;(Interact with the elevator – Variant A)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like the path leads downward rather than forward...
:'''Paimon:''' This is a really long descent...
:'''Ann:''' It's so creepy...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, Ann. {{Traveler}}'s really reliable &mdash; and really good with a wind glider, too!
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon knows. You're worried about what might come afterward, right? Well, don't be!
:'''Paimon:''' A real adventure is not only filled with challenges, but also with unknowns. The most important thing is to come back from completing those challenges and unknowns in one piece, and gain something in the end as well. Isn't that right, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} We've come this far. It would be a shame to give up now.
:{{DIcon}} You did say that Princess Lyris would be just up ahead.
:'''Ann:''' True...
:'''Ann:''' I believe in you, Knight {{Traveler}}, and in Paimon. You are wise and powerful... and you are also kind people.
:'''Paimon:''' And ding ding ding, we have a winner! In that case, let's go. "Ad astra abyssosque," as Katheryne always says!

;(Interact with the elevator – Variant B)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like the path leads downward rather than forward...
:'''Paimon:''' This is a really long descent...
:'''Ann:''' It's so creepy...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, Ann. {{Traveler}}'s really reliable &mdash; and really good with a wind glider, too!
:'''Ann:''' But... We don't know what will happen next...
:{{DIcon}} Well, Princess Lyris waits at the end of this path.
::{{DIcon}} Do you believe that?
:'''Ann:''' I do.
:'''Ann:''' Yes! That has to be true. Apart from saving the Princess... apart from that one wish, I have nothing at all. I'll do anything to fulfill it!
:'''Paimon:''' Ann...
:{{DIcon}} In that case, let's do this for Princess Lyris.
::{{DIcon}} Believe in me and Paimon. Let's go.
:::{{DIcon}} I am your knight, after all.
:::{{DIcon}} I do want to finish this journey, after all.
::{{DIcon}} I am your knight, after all.
::{{DIcon}} I do want to finish this journey, after all.
:{{DIcon}} In that case, let's do this to achieve your goal, Ann.
::{{DIcon}} Believe in me and Paimon. Let's go.
:::{{DIcon}} I am your knight, after all.
:::{{DIcon}} I do want to finish this journey, after all.
::{{DIcon}} I am your knight, after all.
::{{DIcon}} I do want to finish this journey, after all.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! We're here to help you, Ann &mdash; we're your super reliable helpers!
:'''Paimon:''' Believe in us! Also, Paimon thinks that...
:'''Paimon:''' A real adventure is not only filled with challenges, but also with unknowns. The most important thing is to come back from completing those challenges and unknowns in one piece, and gain something in the end as well. Right?
:'''Ann:''' Yes...
:'''Ann:''' I believe in you, Knight {{Traveler}}, and in Paimon. You are wise and powerful... and you are also kind people.
:'''Paimon:''' And ding ding ding, we have a winner! In that case, let's go. "Ad astra abyssosque," as Katheryne always says!

;(Enter the next room)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Paimon feels like something should happen right about now...
:'''Ann:''' I feel uneasy too... And I've been... frightened, ever since we came down here.
:'''Paimon:''' No need to worry. {{Traveler}} will protect us no matter what, right?
:{{DIcon}} Hmm, uh...
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! C'mon, you've beaten dragons, {{Traveler}}! Have more faith in yourself!
:{{DIcon}} Of course I will.
:'''Ann:''' Yes. I believe in the two of you. I just... don't know what we will encounter later...
:'''Paimon:''' We'll take anything as it comes!
:'''Paimon:''' Still, best to be prepared, {{Traveler}}. We might be in for a battle with Narcissus, for all we know!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Defeat the dragon<!-- No period. -->}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Defeat the oceanid)
:'''Paimon:''' So... Why did we meet Narcissus in here?
:'''Ann:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' According to what we said before, the tower lost its "time" and thus stagnated. As such, no one could open it or enter it.
:{{DIcon}} But this space is not within the tower.
::{{DIcon}} We teleported to a different place from the tower.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, that's right! Paimon forgot that that happened... But if that's the case...
:'''Ann:''' But how... No, that can't be true! The Princess should be in the tower. I mean, that was the adventure team's only hope in this dark world...
:'''Ann:''' If she isn't... Our adventures... their meaning... [[Al]], [[Petit Chou]], and the others...
:'''Paimon:''' Ann...
:'''Paimon:''' But we did take out the biggest threat to the kingdom, didn't we? That's a good thing, right?
:'''Ann:''' ...Yes, you're right, Paimon. Thank you. Thank you both.
:{{DIcon}} Anyway, the story's not over.
:'''Paimon:''' Yup! Look over there. There's a place we haven't been to before. Maybe we'll find more clues there, huh?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Keep going. You can vaguely sense that the final destination is right up ahead.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like there's tons of resources here. Stands to reason that there's gotta be some clues, right?
:'''Ann:''' Yes, but who knows how long it'll take us to look through it all...

;(Read Rather Aged Diary)
:'''Rather Aged Diary:''' "...Linking up with [[Karl Ingold|Ingold]], [[Emanuel Guillotin|Guillotin]], and the rest of the old gang will go some way towards solving the dispersion problem. This situation is no place for personal feelings, but what person can lack them completely..."
:'''Rather Aged Diary:''' "...I can only hope that they aren't treating my dear old [[Sponsian]] too poorly, or let it rust in the harbor..."
:'''Rather Aged Diary:''' "...And I hope my skills haven't rusted away either."
:'''Rather Aged Diary:''' "I hope all goes well. I still want to watch the dough rise to the sounds of play outside the window. I still want to watch them grow into fine adults."

;(Read Rather Aged Records)
:'''Rather Aged Records:''' "...Decided to incorporate the institute for raising orphans and the children of criminals into the public welfare system. Considering the ruins of a previous civilization upon which it is situated, it shall be named..."
:'''Rather Aged Records:''' "...The seat of Director was established in honor of the Hydro Archon's great virtue, and has been taken on by a gentle-natured Oceanid. The title of Vice Director is to be taken up by one who displays exceptional moral quality and ability..."

;(Read Rather Aged Certificate)
:'''Rather Aged Certificate:''' "...The duty will be taken up by [[Basil Elton]], former naval commander. May her steely temper be itself tempered by the family she will establish with these children going forward..."
:'''Rather Aged Certificate:''' "... What's that idiot thinking? Well, whatever. Might as well have some fun post-retirement..."

;(Read Rather Aged Research)
:'''Rather Aged Research:''' "... According to the ancient theater and mysterious research hidden here, we believe that the documents and folklore discovered within [[Petrichor]]..."
:'''Rather Aged Research:''' "...The research team from [[Institute of Natural Philosophy]] holds that..."

;(Read Rather Aged Notes)
:'''Rather Aged Notes:''' "...One serving of flour, one of sugar, one of melted butter, two of eggs, a... large amount of milk with which to make foam. Are you kidding me? What exactly is 'a large amount'!?&nbsp;..."
:'''Rather Aged Notes:''' "...Remember it well this time! 15 minutes at 180 degrees is not the same as 5 at 540!"

;(After investigating all points)
:'''Paimon:''' Eh, doesn't seem like there's anything relevant...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's look over there instead, shall we, {{Traveler}}?

;(Interact with the book)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm? There's a book here too...
:{{DIcon}} A picture book, huh? It suits you, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! Well, that's because of Paimon's unique sensibility, you know? Picture books just speak to her better!
:'''Ann:''' This book... This book gives me a strange feeling.
:'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see...
:'''Paimon:''' "A long, long time ago, in a place far, far away, there was once a beautiful and kind Princess named Lyris... and yup, she's our main character!"
:'''Ann:''' "'I don't want this name. That's not what you said before.'"
:'''Paimon:''' Do you wanna read it too, Ann? In that case, Paimon's gonna continue. Ahem!
:'''Paimon:''' "Oh, come on, it's just a story, there's no need to be so fussy. Anyway, a protagonist needs an antagonist... an evil one, at that!"
:'''Paimon:''' "And our evil antagonist... Well, that's the dragon Narcissus. So evil is he that the peace-loving people tremble at the sound of his name &mdash; not that he cares about their feelings, though."
:'''Paimon:''' "He sowed destruction across the land with the searing flames he spewed from his mouth. His great wings turned cities to dust and his burning breath reduced nations to ash."
:'''Paimon:''' "At last, only the Princess's realm remained safe."
:'''Paimon:''' "But because the Princess worked tirelessly to defend her realm, Narcissus's plot to destroy everything could not succeed."
:'''Ann:''' "'So, in Narcissus's story, I'm the evil villain?'"
:'''Paimon:''' This is kinda weird. This started like a story book, but it also feels like it isn't... {{Traveler}}, you've got the bigger brain here. You have a look too!
:{{DIcon}} (Read carefully...)
:;(The camera zooms into the illustration and zooms out, revealing that the surroundings have changed)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? What...
:'''Paimon:''' What is this place?
:'''Ann:''' This is the real "[["The Real Annapausis"|Annapausis]]."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/xPxU-DaXJJE
|caption1 = Guide: Ann's Story
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ann's Story
|zhs     = 安的故事
|zhs_rm  = Ān de Gùshi
|zht     = 安的故事
|zht_rm  = Ān de Gùshi
|zh_tl   = Ann's Story
|ja      = アンの物語
|ja_rm   = An no Monogatari
|ja_tl   = Ann's Story
|ko      = 안의 이야기
|ko_rm   = An-ui Iyagi
|ko_tl   = Ann's Story
|es      = La historia de Anne
|es_tl   = Anne's Story
|fr      = L'histoire d'Ann
|fr_tl   = The Story of Ann
|ru      = История Анн
|ru_tl   = Ann's Story
|th      = เรื่องราวของ Ann
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Câu Chuyện Của Ann
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Anns Geschichte
|de_tl   = Ann's Story
|id      = Kisah Ann
|id_tl   = Ann's Story
|pt      = A História de Ann
|pt_tl   = The Story of Ann
|tr      = Ann'in Hikayesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Storia di Ann
|it_tl   = Ann's Story
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}