{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20033; 20034; 20046; 20052
|part          = 6
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Anna the Adventurer.png
|npc           = Anna
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|requirement   = Requires answering all of Anna's questions correctly in [[Adventurer Exam: Taking Flight]]
|prev          = [[Adventurer Exam: Taking Flight]]
|other         = *Grants the achievement ''[[Anna's Adventures]]''.
|characters    = Anna;Anthony;Bennett;Fischl;Oz;Traveler
}}
'''''Anna the Adventurer!''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
{{Stub|Validate steps in Treasure Hoarders Ending version.}}
# Talk to [[Anna]]
# Go with Anna to complete her [[Adventurers' Guild]] commission
# Escort the transport balloon safely to its destination
# Talk to Anna

==Gameplay Notes==
* When the player receives the commission for the first time, they will get the Initial Version. After completing the Initial Version, the Subsequent Version will be given.
* Completing this commission for the first time grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Anna's Adventures]]''.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{StubDialogue|1.There may also be unique dialogue if the player fails to protect the transport balloon.<br />2.Validate response dialogue on Fischl's option in Treasure Hoarders Ending version.}}
{{Quest Description|It appears that Anna from Mondstadt has successfully become an adventurer.}}
===Initial Version===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Anna or Anthony)
:'''Anna:''' Traveler, come have a look! What do you think? Does this look good on me?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, this uniform...!
:'''Anna:''' That's right! I passed the [[Adventurers' Guild]] exam. That makes me an officially-recognized adventurer!
:{{DIcon}} You look awesome!
:{{DIcon}} Congratulations!
:'''Anna:''' Hehe, thanks. I tried to persuade my brother to give the exam a go too, but he refused no matter what I said...
:'''Anthony:''' I've got no interest in adventures... And anyway, who'll take care of our parents if we both become adventurers?
:'''Anna:''' Well, then we can bring them along! We can travel the whole world together!
:'''Anthony:''' You... Alright, alright. You're an adventurer now, so do your best. Leave matters at home to me.
:'''Anthony:''' But remember, don't get yourself injured, and don't overtax yourself...
:'''Anna:''' Oh, fine, fine, I get it! Heading out now, I've got a commission to finish!
:'''Anna:''' Traveler, do you mind coming with me? I've got so many things I want to ask you about being an adventurer!
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{DIcon}} Okay. Let's go!
:'''Anna:''' Now let me see. This commission is...
:'''Anna:''' Transport Balloon Escort!

;(Talk to Anthony again, optional)
:'''Anthony:''' Please take care of Anna, Traveler. Her excitement might have gotten to her head lately...
:{{DIcon}} Do you not want her to become an adventurer?
:'''Anthony:''' ...
:'''Anthony:''' I respect my sister's wishes.
:'''Anthony:''' Now that she's well again after such a long struggle with her illness, she deserves a chance to pursue her dreams.
:'''Anthony:''' As her brother, I'll support her... all the way.
:'''Anthony:''' That's all I have to say.

----
;(Approach the Transport Balloon)
:'''Anna:''' Huh, so this is the transport balloon we're escorting. It's packed to capacity with so much stuff!
:'''Anna:''' Now we're supposed to activate it... like this?

;(After selecting "Start")
:'''Anna:''' Alright, here we go! Let's follow it.
:'''Anna:''' Traveler, do you ever have trouble keeping up with the balloon you're supposed to be escorting?
:'''Paimon:''' We usually stay in front of the balloon to clear obstacles or monsters outta the way.
:'''Anna:''' I see, I see... I'll note that down.
:'''Anna:''' This balloon's following a really strange path. How are we supposed to guard it like this?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, if escort commissions were that easy, they wouldn't have to be commissioned in the first place.
:'''Anna:''' Ah. So that's how it is...
:'''Anna:''' Our destination is right up ahead. Let's put in a little extra effort, shall we?
:'''Paimon:''' Anna's really getting into this...

;(After destroying the wooden barrier)
:'''Anna:''' And we're done! Thanks, Traveler. This went pretty well, I think.
:'''Anna:''' But is this the usual fare for adventurers?
:{{DIcon}} There will be others.
::'''Paimon:''' What's with that hapless tone...
:{{DIcon}} You'll understand in time...
::'''Anna:''' Hey, not that tired look...
:'''Anna:''' Is that so... Nice! I'll keep working at it, then!
:'''Anna:''' Once I've saved up enough Mora, I'll bring my brother and our parents out on a trip!
:'''Anna:''' My brother always wanted to travel... But I fell ill, and he had to stay back to take care of me.
:'''Anna:''' But I'm well now, and I've even become an adventurer.
:'''Anna:''' Hehe. When the time comes, I'll help my brother fulfill some of his dreams too!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Subsequent Version===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Anna:''' Alright. Let's work hard today, too!
:{{DIcon}} Haha, you're all fired up.
::'''Anna:''' Of course! Being an adventurer is really interesting!
::'''Anna:''' Well... I still am a bit unfamiliar with what to do while undertaking commissions, though.
::'''Anna:''' Traveler, would you mind coming with me again? I still have things I'd like to ask you.
:{{DIcon}} Want me to come along?
::'''Anna:''' Would you? Hehe, sure! There's still so much I could learn from you.
:'''Anna:''' Then let's set out. Today's commission is...
:'''Anna:''' Huh... So we're escorting... another transport balloon.

;(Talk to Anthony, optional)
:'''Anthony:''' Please take care of Anna, Traveler. Her excitement might have gotten to her head lately...
:{{DIcon}} Do you not want her to become an adventurer?
:'''Anthony:''' ...
:'''Anthony:''' I respect my sister's wishes.
:'''Anthony:''' Now that she's well again after such a long struggle with her illness, she deserves a chance to pursue her dreams.
:'''Anthony:''' As her brother, I'll support her... all the way.
:'''Anthony:''' That's all I have to say.

;(After reaching the location)
:'''Anna:''' Huh, so this is the transport balloon we're escorting. It's packed to capacity with so much stuff!
:'''Anna:''' Now we're supposed to activate it... like this?

;(After pressing start)
:'''Anna:''' Alright, here we go! Let's follow it.
:'''Anna:''' Traveler, do you ever have trouble keeping up with the balloon you're supposed to be escorting?
:'''Paimon:''' We usually stay in front of the balloon to clear obstacles or monsters outta the way.
:'''Anna:''' I see, I see... I'll note that down.
:'''Anna:''' This balloon's following a really strange path. How are we supposed to guard it like this?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, if escort commissions were that easy, they wouldn't have to be commissioned in the first place.
:'''Anna:''' Ah. So that's how it is...

;(If Treasure Hoarders show up and attack, proceed to [[Anna_the_Adventurer!#Treasure Hoarders Ending|Treasure Hoarders Ending]]. Otherwise, proceed to [[Anna_the_Adventurer!#Normal Ending|Normal Ending]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Normal Ending====
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Anna:''' Our destination is right up ahead. Let's put in a little extra effort, shall we?
:'''Paimon:''' Anna's really getting into this...

;(After escorting the transport balloon)
:'''Anna:''' And we're done! Thanks, Traveler. This went pretty well, I think.
:'''Anna:''' But is this the usual fare for adventurers?
:{{DIcon}} There will be others.
::'''Anna:''' What's with that hapless tone...
:{{DIcon}} You'll understand in time...
::'''Anna:''' Hey, not that tired look...
:'''Anna:''' Is that so... Nice! I'll keep working at it, then!
:'''Anna:''' Once I've saved up enough Mora, I'll bring my brother and our parents out on a trip!
:'''Anna:''' My brother always wanted to travel... But I fell ill, and he had to stay back to take care of me.
:'''Anna:''' But I'm well now, and I've even become an adventurer.
:'''Anna:''' Hehe. When the time comes, I'll help my brother fulfill some of his dreams too!
{{Dialogue end}}

====Treasure Hoarders Ending====
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''???:''' By royal decree!
:'''Treasure Hoarder:''' Uh, Boss? What on earth is she saying?
:'''Treasure Hoarder:''' I, ah, didn't get it either...? Whatever the case, let's split!

;(Upon encountering the Treasure Hoarders)
:'''Anna:''' Yikes! Where did these Treasure Hoarders pop out from?
:'''Anna:''' T&mdash;Traveler! Guess it's you and me together, then!

;(After defeating the Treasure Hoarders)
:'''Bennett:''' Fischl. You ran off too quickly! That was really risky...
:'''Fischl:''' Hah! Mine thundering retribution spares not any evildoers...
:'''Anna:''' Oh, it's Fischl and Bennett! Hello there!
:'''Bennett:''' Oh, it's you, Anna. And the Traveler, too! Are you on a commission?
:'''Fischl:''' Ah, you have arrived, O you who art blessed by the Prinzessin! Surely were you led here by the weft of fate.
:'''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein wishes to say that she is pleased to have met you by chance.
:{{DIcon}} I'm accompanying Anna on her commission.
:'''Anna:''' That's right. The Traveler and I were just escorting this transport balloon.
:'''Anna:''' But all of a sudden, a whole bunch of Treasure Hoarders came charging at us...
:'''Bennett:''' Uh, I'm terribly sorry about that. That was my fault.
:'''Bennett:''' Fischl and I accepted a commission to investigate the whereabouts of a certain band of Treasure Hoarders.
:'''Bennett:''' Oz managed to catch their trail, and we were about to capture them... And then I tripped over a branch and fell over.
:'''Bennett:''' The noise startled those Treasure Hoarders, who turned and fled. We had no choice but to keep chasing them...
:'''Fischl:''' There was never any reason to fret. The violet light of conviction was ever fated to sever the destinies of those foul rogues.
:'''Oz:''' But Mein Fräulein, was it not the Traveler who ultimately apprehended them?
:'''Fischl:''' O&mdash;Oz!
:'''Bennett:''' W&mdash;Well, anyway, thanks for your help this time. It really was fortunate that you were there to bar their path.
:'''Bennett:''' Looks like my luck's pretty good today, huh!
:{{DIcon}} Glad I could help.
:'''Bennett:''' Hehe. Well then, guess we'll haul these Treasure Hoarders back to the Guild. Be careful now &mdash; and don't forget to watch your step.

:'''Anna:''' Bennett's as reliable as ever, I see.
:'''Anna:''' And Fischl... Her words are as impressive as ever!
:{{DIcon}} What's your impression of Bennett so far?
::'''Anna:''' My impression of him?
::'''Anna:''' When I first joined the Guild, he answered a lot of my questions and gave me lots of assistance.
::'''Anna:''' But I've heard that he has especially bad luck.
::'''Anna:''' That's just not fair. He's such a nice person...
:{{DIcon}} How's Fischl been?
::'''Anna:''' Fischl? Well, um...
::'''Anna:''' Sh&mdash;She's really awesome as well! Her archery is great, and she's cleared lots of commissions.
::'''Anna:''' I don't really understand the things that she says...
::'''Anna:''' But she's still a very experienced adventurer. W&mdash;Wait, no, she's an investigator!
:'''Anna:''' Well, guess we've finished this commission either way. Thank you, Traveler. I'm going to report back to the Guild now.
:'''Anna:''' Still, why did I get transport balloon escort a few days in a row? Doesn't the Guild have any other commissions?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Anna the Adventurer!
|zhs     = 冒险家，安娜！
|zhs_rm  = Màoxiǎnjiā, Ānnà!
|zht     = 冒險家，安娜！
|zht_rm  = Màoxiǎnjiā, Ānnà!
|zh_tl   = Adventurer Anna!
|ja      = 冒険者、アナ！
|ja_rm   = Boukensha, Ana!
|ja_tl   = Adventurer, Anna!
|ko      = 모험가, 안나!
|ko_rm   = Moheomga, Anna!
|ko_tl   = Adventurer, Anna!
|es      = ¡Anna, la aventurera!
|es_tl   = Anna, the Adventurer!
|fr      = Anna l'aventurière !
|fr_tl   = Anna the Adventurer!
|ru      = Искательница приключений Анна!
|ru_tl   = Adventurer Anna!
|th      = นักผจญภัย Anna!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nhà Mạo Hiểm, Anna!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Anna die Abenteurerin!
|de_tl   = Anna the Adventurer!
|id      = Anna si Petualang!
|id_tl   = Anna the Adventurer!
|pt      = Aventureira Anna!
|pt_tl   = Adventurer Anna!
|tr      = Maceracı Anna!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Anna l'Avventuriera!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|In Series}}