{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13025
|image         = Story Quest Annals of the Scarlet Sands.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Mantichora Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Lionsblood
|character     = Dehya
|characters    = Bashar; Dehya; Dunyarzad; Idrisi; Jawad; Paimon; Sattar; Shahzaman; Tikriti; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = Shade Upon Red Silk
|next          = Sincerity's Facade
|exp           = 525
|mora          = 34,075
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Annals of the Scarlet Sands''''' is the second part of [[Dehya]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Mantichora Chapter]]: Act I - [[Lionsblood]].

==Steps==
# Return to Sumeru City to talk to Dunyarzad
# Wait for Dunyarzad at the usual place
# Go look for {{color|buzzword|Jawad}} outside the tavern {{color|buzzword|at night}}
# Go to the location of Dakan Al-Ahmar
# Smash through all obstructions
#* Wave 1:
#** {{Enemy|Eremite Linebreaker|text=Tikriti &mdash; Dakan Al-Ahmar Member}}
#** {{Enemy List|Eremite Ravenbeak Halberdier*2;Eremite Linebreaker;Eremite Crossbow}}
#* Wave 2:
#** {{Enemy|Eremite Sword-Dancer|text=Bashar}}
#** {{Enemy|Eremite Crossbow|text=Idrisi}}
#** {{Enemy List|Eremite Ravenbeak Halberdier*2}}
# Talk to Idrisi and the others

==Gameplay Notes==
* During Step 5, a trial Dehya will join the party

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
<!-- World Levels -->
|wl                      = 8
<!-- Character -->
|character_name          = Dehya
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name             = Beacon of the Reed Sea
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

|hp8                     = 47,871
|atk8                    = 1,834
|def8                    = 752
|em8                     = 145
|er8                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate8              = 90.2%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|During your investigation, you accidentally stumbled upon Dunyarzad's father's name. After discussing the matter with Dehya, she decides that Dunyarzad should be informed of all that has transpired...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Dunyarzad, optional)
:{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 23a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dhylq001 1 dunyarzad 23b.ogg}}--> '''Dunyarzad:''' (I sure hope they'll be okay...)

;(Talk to Dunyarzad)
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' We're back, my lady.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Ah, you're back a lot sooner than I expected! You mustn't have run into any trouble, then. Well, how did it go? What did you come up with?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Actually, we are still investigating. It's just that... we've discovered something strange.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 03.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I see... the clues you found have led you back here in the city?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Something like that, yeah.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 04.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' You all look a little dispirited. Whatever you found must not have been very encouraging after all.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 05.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Why don't you discuss it with me? Maybe I'll be able to say something to cheer you up.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' It's okay, my lady, it's not so much about me being upset with my father or anything like that... Ugh, how should I put this...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 06.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' So something IS wrong. Even the Traveler and Paimon have been uncharacteristically quiet...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 07.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' On any other day, Paimon would have already waved to me with a smile and shouted "Dunyarzad, we're baaaack!"
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 08.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' So tell me, what happened?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, w&mdash;well...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' My lady, please prepare yourself for what we're going to tell you next. It concerns the master...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 09.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' The master... You mean my father?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 10.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Okay, I understand. Don't worry about me, I'll listen as attentively as I can.

:'''Dehya manages to explain the results of the investigation to Dunyarzad.'''

:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 11.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' My father... has been supplying goods to Dakan Al-Ahmar?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Yeah. It makes as little sense to us as it does to you.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I've never doubted the master's integrity, so I'm having a real hard time rationalizing how he could ever support an infamous brigade like them.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Maybe he's not actually aware of the full story, and just stumbled into the deal by accident...
:{{DIcon}} That feels unlikely, though.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 12.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I can't help but agree with the Traveler.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You mean you feel the same way, Dunyarzad?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 13.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Thank you for sharing all this information with me.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 14.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Since you've told me everything you know... I should also tell you about some doubts that I've been harboring for quite a while.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 15.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' In the past, I thought that my father hired a bodyguard for me so that I wouldn't run away and get lost.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 16.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' However, there are plenty of capable mercenaries in the Corps of Thirty. Why did my father go out of his way to hire Dehya?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Ah, about that... well, the {{sic|Homyanis}} really needed bodyguards, so they reached out to the Blazing Beasts.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Later, the master told me that I was one of the best mercenaries he'd ever seen, and that I should stick around to become one of his bodyguards.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' He offered me a pile of Mora, so I just signed on...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 17.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Well, but that didn't really answer my question. Just think about it... why did my father specifically reach out to the Blazing Beasts?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Err, maybe the Corps of Thirty just didn't have anyone available? Or maybe someone recommended us? I've never given it too much thought...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 13.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...I think I get what you're saying. You think none of this was a coincidence.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 18.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Precisely. At first glance, nothing seems strange or out of place, but there are many parts of the story that don't actually make any sense.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 19.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' If my father had always been in contact with Dakan Al-Ahmar... then it would make sense for him to bring Dehya into our house.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean, the goal all along was to get Dehya to be your bodyguard?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 14.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' No no no, that's too much of a stretch. I cut all my ties with my father a long time ago. He has no control over my life anymore.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 20.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' But that still doesn't rule out the possibility that your father has still been trying to influence your life without you knowing.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 15.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 16.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' So... the master was not likely an innocent victim in all of this?
:{{DIcon}} That's what things are looking like at this point.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sorry we put all this on you so suddenly, Dunyarzad...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 21.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' It's okay, Paimon. I should actually be thanking you.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 22.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Regardless of his reasons, if my father has truly been funding a violent group of mercenaries, then it's my duty to bring him back to reason.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 17.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But is that... really the right thing to do?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 18.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' My father has committed many atrocities, and deserves all the punishment that he has coming to him. I have zero sympathy for him. You may call me an ungrateful child, but my feelings will remain the same.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 19.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' However... the Homayani family has treated me with nothing but generosity and kindness.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 20.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If we decide to investigate this further, we could end up implicating the entire Homayani family. I would be biting the hand that's fed me over all these years...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dehya...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 23.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' It's alright, Dehya. If anyone were to ask, you could always just say that I'm the one who instructed you to get to the bottom of this.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 21.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You don't have to do that, my lady. I'm not conflicted because I'm afraid of taking responsibility... Besides, you're the one we should all be worried about right now.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, it's still too early to give up hope! What was that thing about friendship again...
:{{DIcon}} True friendship is built on trust.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, yeah, trust! You said that yourself, Dehya.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Besides, there's no point on getting all riled up before we've even confirmed all the facts!
:{{DIcon}} If your trust hasn't been misplaced...
:{{DIcon}} Then he probably has many conflicting feelings as well.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 22.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Thank you, everyone. That makes a lot of sense. I guess I should always remember the trust that I've placed in people.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dehya 23.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' In which case... my lady, could you ask the master to come out and have a chat with us?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 dunyarzad 24.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Sure thing. I also hope he'll be able to give us a logical explanation. Let's meet at the usual place, then.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The... usual place? Ah, right!
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Thank you for coming, sir.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 02b.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Please allow me to introduce these two. This is (Traveler), and next to {{MC|m=him|f=her}} is {{MC|m=his|f=her}} travel companion, Paimon.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 01a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 01b.ogg}}--> '''Shahzaman:''' Ah yes, my daughter has mentioned them from time to time. It's a privilege to finally meet them in person.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 02.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' But we may skip all the pleasantries for now, what is the important matter you wished to discuss with me today?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Well, we wanted to bring this transaction record to your attention. There's something on this record that we're all pretty curious about...

:'''Dehya explains the issue to Shahzaman, and admits her doubts to him.'''

:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 03.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' So that's what you've found, huh... Seems like I can't keep everything from you much longer.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If you wouldn't mind, we'd like an explanation.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 04.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' Well, it's a long and difficult story, and to be perfectly honest, I'm not sure if I'm doing the right thing.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 05.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' What I do know though, Dehya, is that the truth will bring you no solace. If anything, it will likely cause you a great amount of anguish.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Wait... me?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 06.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' Yes. I understand perfectly why you came to see me, and I am touched by your collective commitment to do the right thing.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 07.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' But knowledge always comes at a price, and sometimes, as they say, ignorance is bliss.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 08.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' Your father Kusayla and I both believed that.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 09.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' Of course, you have the right to seek and learn the truth, but I must warn you...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 10.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' That the facts of this matter may reduce everything you've built for yourself into sand blowing in the wind.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 11.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' If you must proceed, then Kusayla's heartfelt efforts will also fade into the wind like a fleeting mirage.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' His... heartfelt efforts? I'm sorry sir, but I'm not sure I follow.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I've made it this far in life without a single drop of my father's support.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I have my own ideals and ways of looking at the world, as well as people and causes that I've chosen to cherish and fight for... None of these things have anything to do with him.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I came here today to support you as the head of the Homayani family. No warning will change my stance on that.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 12.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' *sigh* I understand. Then let me tell you a little story.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 13.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' Our family once needed to take a trip to the desert when Dunyarzad was just a baby. Along the way, we were attacked by bandits.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 14.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' They had superior numbers, and quickly overpowered our bodyguards. When all seemed lost, a group of passerby Eremites lent us their support.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 15.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' Those Eremites were Kusayla's brigade, Dakan Al-Ahmar.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 16.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' Kusayla's men told me that the attackers were Eremite mercenaries just like themselves. I was shocked. Why would Dakan Al-Ahmar go so far to save us, and not spare the fellow Eremites?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 17.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' Kusayla was grinning and walked over to play with baby Dunyarzad. She was startled by his unfamiliar face and nearly started crying.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Really? I... never knew...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 18.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' He said that he had no particular reason to help us. He just took pity on us because he had a daughter about the same age.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 19.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' We started talking about our children, and I sensed that he was a devoted father.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 20.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' To repay his kindness, I hired his brigade to help out at our estate for a time, and offered everyone generous remuneration.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' So that's what happened...
<!-- Flashback -->
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 21.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' It was many years before I saw him again. I almost didn't recognize him the next time he came knocking on my door.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 22.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' The man I knew to be strong and healthy had been reduced to a... shell of himself. He couldn't even walk anymore without his cane.
<!-- end flashback -->
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' So what happened to him? He was perfectly fine when I left the brigade...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 23.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' I'm not too sure myself. The only thing that didn't change was his cheery disposition. He said there was absolutely nothing to worry about and that he had gotten into a fight, that was all.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 24.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' He then suddenly asked me if Dunyarzad, now that she had grown, would need a bodyguard of her own.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 25.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' At the time, Dunyarzad was going through a particularly severe bout of her Eleazar. There was no need for her to have a bodyguard when she could barely leave the house...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 26.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' But he kept coming back to the topic... "C'mon, it never hurts to be safe." "How do you know a bodyguard won't come in handy one day?"
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 27.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' I was completely lost at first, until he recommended the "Blazing Beasts," and in particular, a mercenary named Dehya.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So he was the one who recommended Dehya to you!
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 28.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' Indeed. He didn't say it out loud, but it was clear that he saw Deshret's Relics as an evil group who would eventually corrupt every member in their ranks.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 29.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' He was already beyond redemption, but he hoped that he would be able to detach his daughter from the vicious world of mercenary life.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 30.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' If Dehya could stay in my house and keep working as a bodyguard, then gradually her affinity for the desert would decrease, and she'd be able to leave her previous life behind.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' And that's why you offered her such generous compensation?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 31.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' Yes, but not just because of that. From the moment that he asked me for that favor, I also began to see Dehya as my own daughter.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 32.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' And that's also why I tried to persuade you to stay when you asked for permission to leave. I was willing to spend however much it took...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 33.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' Kusayla saved my daughter and I all those years ago in the desert. I could never refuse him entrusting his daughter to me.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Ugh, he was always like that... Acting like he's oh-so-smart and self-righteous...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 34.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' Kusayla said that he'd reimburse me for a portion of Dehya's fees. I refused to take any Mora from him, but he'd always send me funds anyway.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 35.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' Eventually, I just accepted them as a token of his gratitude. That went on for a while, until I received another letter from him a few years ago.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 36.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' The letter contained a request to help him buy food, weapons, medicine, and even explosive materials.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, isn't that around the time that Dakan Al-Ahmar started becoming more aggressive?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 37.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' That's right. When I started to hear some nasty rumors, I became wary, and wanted to meet him face-to-face to discuss things.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 38.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' But by then, he was no longer receptive to my requests to talk. If I had to guess... it's probably because he doesn't want to put Dehya at risk.
:{{DIcon}} But by that same token, he should have also stopped asking you for materials.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 39.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' That thought occurred to me as well. I figured that he probably came to me for help because he had nobody else to turn to.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 40.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' After some deliberation, I decided to send him some food and medicine. I turned down all his requests for explosives and weaponry.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 41.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' I am aware that even such a reduced gesture of support could lead to others coming to harm, but I could not simply reject his plea for help.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 42.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' In the end, it probably was the wrong decision. I plugged my ears to the rumors and just chose the solution that made me feel least guilty about myself.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 13.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...If you can, please tell me where he is now.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 14.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' None of the things he's doing right now make any sense if he's just trying to keep me from getting tangled up in his world...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 15.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If all he wants to do is steer clear of me, then maybe he shouldn't have brought me into this world in the first place.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, Dehya, please don't feel that way...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 16.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'm just angry because I can't wrap my head around any of his actions.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe there's another way of looking at all of this...
::{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 17a 1.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Another way? I dunno... I knew him, and he was nothing more than a childish brute. I can't understand what's going through his head.
:{{DIcon}} Can you try to believe in him... just one more time?
::{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 17b 1.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I don't know, I really don't know... I don't think I can do it.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 18.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But I guess you do have a point... We haven't uncovered the whole truth yet. We still need to figure out his exact actions and reasoning for these last few years.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 43.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' I'll do my best to help. Of course, anything between the two of you would need to be resolved between you and him alone.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 44.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' I don't know Kusayla's exact whereabouts. Outside of supplying his brigade with some goods, I tried my best to avoid getting involved any further with him.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 45.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' However, there's a man on the list named {{color|buzzword|Jawad}}. He used to be a mercenary in the desert, and is now a member of the Corps of Thirty.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 46.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' He's responsible for supplying weapons and liaising with Dakan Al-Ahmar's merchant caravan. I think he should know Kusayla's whereabouts.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 47.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' I've heard that he likes to have a few drinks alone and enjoy the cool wind at {{color|buzzword|night}} outside of the {{color|buzzword|tavern}}. Maybe you'll be able to find him there.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dehya 19.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Understood, thank you sir. Then I guess this is bye for now, unless...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dunyarzad 03.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I'll stay and be with my father here... To be honest, I'm still a little dazed, and haven't finished processing everything quite yet.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dunyarzad 04.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' My father has indeed done something wrong, but if I think about it, I'm also not sure if there was a right way to handle this problem.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 dunyarzad 05.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' I feel like... our only course of action is to turn everything we know over to the Corps of Thirty, and let them render judgment...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 48.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' Yes. I am prepared to accept whatever verdict they choose.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 6 sahzaman 49.ogg}} '''Shahzaman:''' It's time to face my mistakes...
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|As it turns out, Dehya's and Dunyarzad's fathers were old acquaintances. Desperate to keep Dehya from the life of a mercenary, her father worked himself to the bone. Yet, his repeated acts of savagery remain a mystery...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Jawad, optional)
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 01.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' (Ah, that's the good stuff! Nothin' tastes better.)

;(Talk to Jawad)
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 02.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' Huh? Who are you guys?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I know what you've been up to. Smuggling weapons to violent brigades in the desert while working for the Corps? Pretty bold if you ask me.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 03.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' Shh, keep your voice down! How do you know all that!?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 04.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' Come with me, we should take this elsewhere. I'll be happy to talk things over once we're somewhere private.
:{{color|menu|You go to the back of the tavern.}}
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 05.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' This place should do... Alright, back to my question, how did you all know about me?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Don't worry about that for now. You know what kind of punishment you'll face once we report you to the Corps, I assume?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 06.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' Wait wait wait, there's no need to jump the gun! Let's talk this out. What are your terms?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what's in it for you anyway? Mora?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 07.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' Uhh... Well, I was a little tight on money at the time, and Kusayla took good care of me in the past...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 08.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' I weighed it in my mind, and I couldn't find a reason to turn the opportunity down. I wouldn't only be helping my benefactor, but I could also make some quick Mora...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Let me tell you how it is. We're investigating Dakan Al-Ahmar, and we're gonna put an end to their operations.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If you provide some help for us, then we might just put in a good word later to reduce the terms of your punishment.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 09.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' Hey, why don't we discuss this a little first? Listen, I made quite a bit of Mora from my last run. Just give me a number and I'm sure we can...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Shut it.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' My patience is running out. You should know when a mercenary is after something other than money.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 10.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' Alright, alright, sheesh. But ya gotta promise you'll put in some nice words for me later.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 11.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' They're always on the move. Here's the spot they were at last time I made my delivery to the desert.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 12.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' Feel free to go have a look. I'm just telling you, though, it's not on me if they're not there anymore.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Sure, and then you can forget about any nice words from us.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 13.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' Hey, c'mon! Now you're just being unreasonable!
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Really? And how do I know you're not leading us straight into a trap? Don't forget, you're the one with no bargaining chips.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 14.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' Alright, I get it, I get it... Why don't you go take a look, and if they're not there anymore, I'll try to figure out something else for you all.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Now that's more like it. Let's move.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' And as for you... try to stick around the city until we get back. You don't want us to call the folks from the Corps and have them drag you back to the city.

:{{A|vo dialog dhylq002 jawad 01.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' Oh, don't worry, I'm not goin' anywhere...

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Jawad, optional)
:{{A|vo dhylq002 7 jawad 15.ogg}} '''Jawad:''' (Ugh, just my luck. How did I get caught by her of all people?)
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo dhylq002 8 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hmm, seems like we're in luck. That should be their camp right up ahead.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 8 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Let's go. We'll finally get to the bottom of this ourselves.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 8 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'm here to see Kusayla. Tell him to get out here!
:{{A|vo dhylq002 8 tikriti 01.ogg}} '''Tikriti:''' Huh? Dehya? Why are you here?

;(After defeating the first wave of Eremites)
:{{A|vo dhylq002 8 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Haven't you all done enough?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 8 idrisi 01.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' Oh, so are you also here to stop us?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 8 bashar 01.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' Stay outta this! It's got nothing to do with you!

;(After defeating the second wave of Eremites)
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 bashar 01.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' Sh&mdash;She's so strong...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Enough fighting. We all know each other, and I don't want to take things too far.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Just bring Kusayla to me! There's no use hiding him anymore!
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 tikriti 01.ogg}} '''Tikriti:''' ...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Did you understand a single word I just said? Or do I need to bash your skull in some more?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 01.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' Alright, everyone, let's all just calm down for a second.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 02.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' Um, Dehya, the boss can't come out and see you anymore.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 03.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' He died a long time ago.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' What...?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 bashar 02.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' Seems like you've been out of the loop for a while. Guess that's for the best, though... at least that's what the old man wanted.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' When did he die? What happened to him?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 tikriti 02.ogg}} '''Tikriti:''' A few years ago, Kusayla broke up Dakan Al-Ahmar, and went to the Deshret's Relics headquarters by himself.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So is that when you guys started acting up?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 bashar 03.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' We would prefer to call it "taking revenge." Every last person in Deshret's Relics must pay in blood for what they did!
:{{DIcon}} So that's why they turned on each other...
:{{DIcon}} It was all motivated by revenge...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 04.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' Let me start from the beginning. Dehya, do you know how the head of the Relics maintained order internally?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Overwhelming strength, and unquestionable authority?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 05.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' Those were a part of it, yes. But just those on their own weren't enough. They had another tool at their disposal. They called it a person's "record."
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 06.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' Regardless of whether they joined by their own will or were coerced, every person in Deshret's Relics were forced to leave a record of themselves at headquarters.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 07.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' Whether it be their deepest sin, some unforgivable act, or their most immoral exploit, the record served both as a symbol of loyalty and the perfect material for blackmail.
:{{DIcon}} So you mean...
:{{DIcon}} Kusayla thought there was no escaping the records.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 08.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' That's precisely it. Every one of us have a record... me, Bashar, Tikriti, and all the boys who grew up with Dehya and ended up joining our ranks.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 09.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' But you, Dehya... you were never asked to provide a record, were you?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I... I never even knew this was a requirement...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 10.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' You were probably the only person in all of Deshret's Relics who didn't know about it.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 bashar 04.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' Ever since you were born, boss had been trying to shield you from this organization's sinister rules.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 bashar 05.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' Not only that, but he also banned all of us from committing any nefarious acts. He said he'd take care of the dues we had to pay regularly to headquarters...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 bashar 06.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' But in the end, he was just an ordinary person. What could he do?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 bashar 07.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' He was forced to go to headquarters again and again to account for missed dues and incomplete records. He'd come up with all kinds of excuses, and get beaten up as a result.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 tikriti 03.ogg}} '''Tikriti:''' We all knew he was doing that for you. He wanted to get you out of this world, no matter what it took.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...And that was why he became a shell of himself, and couldn't walk without a cane.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Wait, but that doesn't make any sense. I didn't know about any of this, and I'd never seen him get injured or beaten...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 11.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' Because you were too young at the time. How would you ever tell between wounds from a beating and wounds from battle?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 12.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' When you left home after that final argument with him, he seemed to age by a decade overnight. Even his hair went gray.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' So, even the Blazing Beasts were...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 bashar 08.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' Yep, it was all his doing. Had he not arranged them to come to you, you probably would have been reduced to a pulp before you ever left the desert.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 13.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' A few years ago, boss said he needed to make another trip to headquarters. He was already pretty weak then, and we all assumed he was going to get beaten again.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 14.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' I suggested that he hand the role of leadership over to me, but he said there was no longer any need, since Dakan Al-Ahmar would soon be no more.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 15.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' His words made no sense to me, but that night, we heard that a massive fire tore through headquarters, and razed everyone's "records" to ash.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 tikriti 04.ogg}} '''Tikriti:''' Everyone gained their freedom that night. Many members fled... not just from our ranks, but from the other brigades as well.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 tikriti 05.ogg}} '''Tikriti:''' But how could we leave with a clear conscience? All of us, who knew exactly what had happened...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 bashar 09.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' The boss can't have just died for nothing! Those heartless jerks at headquarters took him from us!
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 16.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' From that point on, the sole purpose of Dakan Al-Ahmar became revenge.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 17.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' The big fire that boss started was quite a blow to headquarters' strength. It's given us the opportunity to launch our attack.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 18.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' Even though we're outnumbered, we've vowed to see our revenge through to the very end.
:{{DIcon}} But Deshret's Relics haven't been the only victims of your revenge.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 19.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' There were people from headquarters who changed their names and went into hiding. Some fled to other brigades, and others escaped to the rainforest.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 20.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' But we won't let any of them escape our wrath. They'll all pay for what they've done.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 bashar 10.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' We've suffered plenty of losses as well. To keep going, we need an enormous amount of supplies... from food and medicine to weaponry and explosives.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 bashar 11.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' All we can do is exchange our loot for Mora, and then use that to get supplies.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 bashar 12.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' We forged boss's handwriting and sent out many letters to his former friends. Thankfully, many people were willing to come to our aid.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 bashar 13.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' We were also able to attract many mercenaries who shared our goal. We've endured unspeakable pain to win many impossible battles...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 bashar 14.ogg}} '''Bashar:''' Deshret's Relics have become weaker and weaker, and now... we finally have an opportunity to directly strike their headquarters.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon doesn't know what to say anymore.
:{{DIcon}} Responding to violence with more violence will only cause more pain.
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any idea the amount of damage you've done?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 21.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' Hah, we do know right from wrong. But we were sinners from the very beginning... We do not deserve the freedom that the boss won for us with his life.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 22.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' Boss always loved his old-fashioned hero stories... those tales about sacrificing yourself to save the world.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 23.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' We used to always laugh at him for it, but in the end, he really went and lived those stories out himself...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 24.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' As for me, I never considered myself a hero. We're all the lowest of the low. We have no right to even imagine such an existence.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 25.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' But maybe those hero stories he liked foreshadowed everything that was to come. The spirit of the hero touched all those he had saved, and more and more people joined his cause...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 26.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' Maybe we were all just acting along with the play in the beginning, but as we acted the parts and recited the lines, we were drawn in, and now we want to see the story through to the end...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 27.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' I'm sorry, Dehya. I know you always found us insufferable ever since you were young. Just think of this as a madman ranting.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'll go with you.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Dehya, you want to go with them?
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I grew up with these guys, and I know they're not bad people. It's just that some situations get so bad that it's difficult to tell good from evil...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 13.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' All I know is that Deshret's Relics must be destroyed.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 14.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Furthermore... I want to go see the place for myself. I want to know if my father is still there...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 15.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I know you don't want to get involved in this, so there's no need for you to tag along. I can do this on my own.
:{{DIcon}} I'm on your side, Dehya.
:{{DIcon}} No, I made a promise to Dunyarzad to support you.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon feels like we'd only regret it if we don't see this through to the end...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 16.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Thank you. We'll be a lot stronger together with you.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 idrisi 28.ogg}} '''Idrisi:''' Haha, I bet boss would lose his mind if he ever knew you'd join us at the very last moment like this.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 tikriti 06.ogg}} '''Tikriti:''' Considering all the losses and injuries we've sustained... We can't afford to turn down someone as powerful as you.
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 17.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' He can think whatever he wants...
:{{A|vo dhylq002 9 dehya 18.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...But the fact is, I owe him this much.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Annals of the Scarlet Sands
|zhs     = 赤沙旧事
|zhs_rm  = Chìshā Jiùshì
|zht     = 赤沙舊事
|zht_rm  = Chìshā Jiùshì
|zh_tl   = Bygone Events of the Scarlet Sands
|ja      = 赤砂旧事
|ja_rm   = Sekiza Kyuuji{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Bygone Events of Red Sands
|ko      = 적색 사막의 과거사
|ko_rm   = Jeoksaek Samak-ui Gwageosa
|ko_tl   = Bygones of the Red Desert
|es      = Los anales de las dunas escarlatas
|es_tl   = Annals of the Scarlet Dunes
|fr      = Annales des sables écarlates
|fr_tl   = Annals of the Scarlet Sands
|ru      = Предания красных песков
|ru_tl   = Tales of the Red Sands
|th      = เรื่องเก่าท่ามกลางทรายชาด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chuyện Cũ Của Cát Đỏ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Es war einmal im Roten Sand
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Tawarikh Pasir Merah
|id_tl   = Chronicles of the Red Sands
|pt      = Anais das Areias Escarlates
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kızıl Kum Kayıtları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Annali delle sabbie scarlatte
|it_tl   = Annals of the Scarlet Sands
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}