{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13028
|image         = World Quest Another Home There May Yet Be.png
|type          = World
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|characters    = Floating Anemo Fungus (NPC 1); Floating Hydro Fungus (NPC); Floating Hydro Fungus: Nur; Nahida; Paimon; Traveler
|prev          = What Shape Does the Self Hold
|next          = 
|rewards       = Teachings of Admonition*1;Teachings of Ingenuity*1;Teachings of Praxis*1;Mora*20,000
}}
'''''Another Home There May Yet Be''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
The quest will unlock automatically the next daily reset after completing {{Quest|What Shape Does the Self Hold}}.
# Explain the situation to the waiting Fungi

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The elemental life-forms' "family" linger around for a long time. In order for them to be reunited one day, you have to first properly deal with the parting in the present moment...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to the Fungi)
:'''Nahida:''' I really want to do something for them so that they'll have a chance to meet again...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, and apart from these two Fungi, Paimon's also a little worried about the Floating Anemo Fungus's camp.
:'''Nahida:''' Mm-hmm. I feel the same.
:'''Nahida:''' I have an idea. Why don't we bring them over to live with the other Fungi?
:'''Nahida:''' Both sides have previously lived in the presence of an elemental life-form, so their habits should be similar.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, so they can look out for each other!
:'''Nahida:''' Would you like to come with us?
:'''Floating Hydro Fungus:''' ...?
:'''Floating Hydro Fungus: Nur:''' ♪~
:'''Floating Hydro Fungus:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like it's been convinced.
:'''Nahida:''' Okay, let's go.

:'''After arriving at the camp, the two Fungi receive a warm welcome.'''

:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, seems like the Fungi here recognize us. They're so friendly and gentle.
:'''Nahida:''' That elemental life-form must've been held in high regard by everyone living here.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Are you trying to play with Paimon?
:'''Floating Anemo Fungus:''' ♩~♩~
:'''Paimon:''' Well, okay then! {{Traveler}}, Paimon'll be over there playing with the Fungi!
:{{DIcon}} Off you go.
:{{DIcon}} Have fun.
:'''Nahida:''' I owe you an apology. When the Fire Seed shattered while we were inside Apep... I had planned to sacrifice my power.
:'''Nahida:''' Did Paimon tell you that?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, and I was a little worried.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, and I was a little angry.
:'''Nahida:''' I wasn't calm enough. I should've given it some more thought and made a better judgment of the situation.
:'''Nahida:''' When I realized that the Dendro Dragon was in danger and that Sumeru's safety was being threatened, I couldn't help feeling anxious and scared.
:'''Nahida:''' If I decided not to take action when things can still be done, or if time ran out before I've used up all my energy...
:'''Nahida:''' Using my powers may be the easiest way out, but it's also the most difficult.
:{{DIcon}} You still have room for "growth."
:'''Nahida:''' Yes, and I think I learned a lot from them.
:'''Nahida:''' I understand what it means to have their wishes come true, but I'm still unable to accept it.
:'''Nahida:''' Why did it sound so peacefully content when it was doing something that just... makes you want to cry?
:'''Nahida:''' Looks like I still haven't fully grasped the concept of "empathy" yet...
:{{DIcon}} This isn't your fault.
:{{DIcon}} I feel the same.
:'''Nahida:''' Thank you for comforting me...
:'''Nahida:''' Feelings are really complex things, and there is still a lot for me to learn.
:'''Nahida:''' Huh?
:'''Floating Hydro Fungus: Nur:''' ♪~
:'''Floating Hydro Fungus:''' ♪~♪~
:'''Nahida:''' They're even taking care of the crops... Are they simply mirroring the elemental life-forms' behaviors?
:'''Nahida:''' But since that Fungus even learned to speak, all of this might be due to the long-term effects of elemental power.
:{{DIcon}} Time is a powerful thing.
:'''Nahida:''' That's right. And now, we don't have to worry about the safety of these two Fungi anymore.
:'''Nahida:''' From now on, I'll be keeping an eye on this Fungi camp and come check on them once in a while.
:'''Nahida:''' I want to preserve the traces they left behind in order to create an opportunity for them to meet in the future.
:'''Nahida:''' After all, that Fungus remembered the name "Nur." Its memories came back.
:{{DIcon}} I believe in their bonds as a family.
:{{DIcon}} I believe in miracles.
:'''Nahida:''' Mm. Let's think of it as a beautiful wish then.
:'''Paimon:''' Nahida, the Fungi brought over some fruit! Come and have some!
:'''Nahida:''' Okay, I'm coming!
;(Quest ends)
----
;(Talk to Floating Hydro Fungus<nowiki>:</nowiki> Nur again)
:'''Floating Hydro Fungus: Nur:''' ♩~

;(Talk to the Floating Hydro Fungus again)
:'''Floating Hydro Fungus:''' ♩~♩~

----

;(Talk to the Winged Dendroshroom at the camp)
:'''Winged Dendroshroom:''' ...

;(Talk to the Floating Anemo Fungus at the camp)
:'''Floating Anemo Fungus:''' ♩~♩~♩♩

;(Talk to the Whirling Electro Fungus at the camp)
:'''Whirling Electro Fungus:''' ♫~♫~♫~

----

;(Talk to the other Floating Anemo Fungus at the camp)
:'''Floating Anemo Fungus:''' ♬~♬~

;(Talk to the Stretchy Anemo Fungus at the camp)
:'''Stretchy Anemo Fungus:''' ♬♬

;(Talk to the Whirling Pyro Fungus at the camp)
:'''Whirling Pyro Fungus:''' &mdash;!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Another Home There May Yet Be
|zhs      = 若还有另一个家
|zhs_rm   = Ruò Háiyǒu Lìng Yīgè Jiā
|zht      = 若還有另一個家
|zht_rm   = Ruò Háiyǒu Lìng Yīgè Jiā
|zh_tl    = If There Was Another Home
|ja       = もう一つの家があったら
|ja_rm    = Mou Hitotsu no Ie ga Attara
|ja_tl    = If There was Another Home
|ko       = 또 다른 고향이 있다면
|ko_tl    = If There Is Another Home
|es       = Otro posible hogar
|es_tl    = Other Possible Home
|fr       = En cas d'existence d'un autre foyer
|fr_tl    = In Case of Another Home Existing
|ru       = Вдруг где-то есть и другой дом
|ru_tl    = If Somewhere There is Another Home
|th       = หากยังมีบ้านอยู่อีกแห่ง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Nếu Còn Ngôi Nhà Khác
|vi_tl    = If There Is Another Home
|de       = Wo ist die Familie?
|de_tl    = Where is the Family?
|id       = Jika Masih Ada Rumah Lain
|id_tl    = If There is Still Other Home
|pt       = Ainda Pode Existir Outro Lar
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Bir Ev Daha Bulunabilir
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Potrebbe esistere un'altra casa
|it_tl    = Another Home May Exist
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}