{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00452
|image         = Story Quest Another Day as an Outrider!.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Lupus Minor Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = The Meaning of Lupical
|character     = Razor
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|prev          = Wolves' Territory
|next          = Ravaged by Wolves
|exp           = 275
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|5}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}
|characters    = Amber;Paimon;Siegfria;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Another Day as an Outrider!''''' is the second part of [[Razor]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Lupus Minor Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Meaning of Lupical]].

==Steps==
#Find [[Amber]] and ask about the boy from [[Wolvendom]]
#Go to [[Drunkard Gorge]]
#Talk to Amber about the disturbance up ahead
#Defeat the hilichurls
#Talk to [[Siegfria]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|On your last legs from being attacked by an enormous slime, you were rescued by a young man named [[Razor]]. Razor, who calls a wolf pack family, mentioned a "red one, burny girl." You have your guesses as to who that is...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Amber)
:{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hi Paimon, hi (Traveler)! What can I do for you?
:{{A|vo rzlq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi Amber~
:{{DIcon}} Amber, something has come up...
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 paimon 02a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Amber, do you know a wolf boy from Wolvendom?
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01a.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Who?
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 paimon 02a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He said you guys hit it off like a mountain on fire...
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01a 1.ogg}} '''Amber:''' What on earth are you talking about?
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 paimon 02a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Strange... He said he would wait for you at your regular spot. Did you lose your memory or something?
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01a 2.ogg}} '''Amber:''' My memory is fine. But you've been eating magic matsutake again, haven't you Paimon?
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01a 3.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I have no idea what you're talking about.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 paimon 02a 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Magic matsutake... Remind me what color they are?
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01a 4.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Purple.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 paimon 02a 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Paimon may have had a couple the other day.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 paimon 02a 5.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But that's not the point! Paimon's not loopy!
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 paimon 02a 6.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you really not know that boy that lives with the wolves?
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01a 5.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I. don't. know. what. you're. talking. about.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01a 6.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But on the subjects of wolves, I've been investigating something recently.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01a 7.ogg}} '''Amber:''' In the past, the wolves never dared venture outside of Wolvendom. But now they're getting braver.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01a 8.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I heard they attacked a cart fleet near Drunkard Gorge.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01a 9.ogg}} '''Amber:''' If you have time, could you come and check out the situation with me?
::{{DIcon}} Sure.
::{{DIcon}} Let's get to it.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01a 10.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Awesome! I knew I could count on you, let's go.
:{{DIcon}} Hey Amber, what's up?
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01b.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hi... Looks like you've got a bit of time on your hands.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, here it comes...
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01b 1.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I've been rushed off my feet recently. An Outrider's duties never end, so... Wanna help?
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 paimon 02b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Told you so!
::{{DIcon}} Sure.
::{{DIcon}} What's the issue?
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01b 2.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Recently, wolves have been attacking the carts at Drunkard Gorge.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01b 3.ogg}} '''Amber:''' As you know, wolves are dangerous, but they do have their own rules.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01b 4.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Mondstadt's wolves don't normally venture outside of the Brightcrown Mountains and Wolvendom.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 paimon 02b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes, Paimon heard someone say that those areas do have their own set of rules, even though they are wild and untouched by humans.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01b 5.ogg}} '''Amber:''' That's right. So for wolves to be showing up around Drunkard Gorge is very unusual.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 paimon 02b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Speaking of wolves, do you happen to know a wolf boy from Wolvendom?
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01b 6.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Who? I've never heard of anyone like that around Mondstadt.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 paimon 02b 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... What?
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 paimon 02b 5.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "The red one, burny girl"... That ain't you?
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01b 7.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Burny...? What are you talking about?
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01b 8.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Anyways, I'm off to Drunkard Gorge to investigate.
::{{A|vo rzlq002 1 ambor 01b 9.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Come with me!

----

;(Talk to Amber about the disturbances up ahead)
:{{A|vo rzlq002 3 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Look, up ahead! Something's happening.
:{{A|vo rzlq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That ain't no wolf pack... looks like it's the hilichurls attacking the carts after all.
:{{A|vo rzlq002 3 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Huh. Not such a mystery after all.
:{{A|vo rzlq002 3 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Enough talk. Let's go help out!

;(Talk to Siegfria after defeating hilichurls)
:{{A|vo rzlq002 5 siegfria 01.ogg}} '''Siegfria:''' Bless you!
:{{A|vo rzlq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Piece of cake!
:{{A|vo rzlq002 5 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' So, the hilichurls have been starting to flex their muscles on the back of the wolf scare.
:{{A|vo rzlq002 5 siegfria 02.ogg}} '''Siegfria:''' That's right. But I must say, if you think the hilichurls are a nasty lot, the wolves are even worse.
:{{A|vo rzlq002 5 siegfria 03.ogg}} '''Siegfria:''' They... they attacked Springvale this morning.
:{{A|vo rzlq002 5 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Springvale!? That's crazy!
:{{A|vo rzlq002 5 siegfria 04.ogg}} '''Siegfria:''' It's unheard of.
:{{A|vo rzlq002 5 siegfria 05.ogg}} '''Siegfria:''' I thought I would take my chances on the road after the wolves had their fun... I never thought the hilichurls would show up too.
:{{A|vo rzlq002 5 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' We should head there soon and see how bad the situation is.
:{{A|vo rzlq002 5 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But first things first, you should assess the damage to your cart. Does it still work?
:{{A|vo rzlq002 5 siegfria 06.ogg}} '''Siegfria:''' I'll take a look.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Another Day as an Outrider!
|zhs     = 侦察骑士，又一天！
|zhs_rm  = Zhēnchá Qíshì, Yòu Yītiān!
|zht     = 偵察騎士，又一天！
|zht_rm  = Zhēnchá Qíshì, Yòu Yītiān!
|zh_tl   = Scout Knight, Another Day!
|ja      = 偵察騎士、今日も頑張ってるかな？
|ja_rm   = Teisatsu Kishi, Kyou mo Ganbatteru ka na?
|ja_tl   = Scout Knight, Working Hard Today, Too?
|ko      = 또 하루를 시작하는 정찰 기사
|ko_rm   = Tto Haru-reul Sijakhaneun Jeongchal Gisa
|ko_tl   = A Scout Knight to Start Another Day
|es      = ¡Otro día como Caballera Exploradora!
|es_tl   = Another Day as a Scout Knight!
|fr      = Une nouvelle journée pour l'Éclaireuse&nbsp;!
|fr_tl   = A New Day for the Scout!
|ru      = Ещё один день из жизни скаута
|ru_tl   = One More Day From Scout's Life
|th      = อีกหนึ่งวันของอัศวินลาดตระเวน!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kỵ Sĩ Trinh Thám, lại là một ngày mới!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein neuer Tag für einen Kundschafter!
|de_tl   = A New Day for the Outlander!
|id      = Hari yang Baru Bagi Seorang Outrider!
|id_tl   = A New Day For An Outrider!
|pt      = Um Dia Novo como uma Aventureira
|pt_tl   = A New Day as an Adventurer
|tr      = Bir Kaşif Olarak Bir Gün Daha!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un altro giorno da Vigilante!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:¡Otro día como Caballera Exploradora!]]
[[ja:偵察騎士、今日も頑張ってるかな？]]