{{Quest Infobox
|id             = 
|image          = 
|type           = World
|group          = Random World
|summary        = [[Miyajima]] quizzes the Traveler in his/her knowledge about Inazuma's culture.
|characters     = Miyajima; Traveler
|startLocation  = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|startLocation2 = [[Kujou Encampment]], [[Inazuma]]
|startLocation3 = [[Konda Village]], [[Inazuma]]
|region         = Inazuma
|other          = *AR-Dependent Rewards
}}

'''Answer Me This, Outlander''' is a [[Random World Quest]] that can activate in certain areas within [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Miyajima]]
#Talk to Miyajima
#*The player will get one set of three of the following questions at random.
#**Set 1 answers:
#***'''Q1:''' "Law and order-related affairs."
#***'''Q2:''' "Work related to cultural affairs and the shrines."
#***'''Q3:''' "Financial affairs and trade."
#**Set 2 answers:
#***'''Q1:''' "The [[Outlander Affairs Agency]]."
#***'''Q2:''' "[[Dendrobium|Lycoris]]."
#***'''Q3:''' "A type of invertebrate and its secretion."
#**Set 3 answers:
#***'''Q1:''' "[[Yae Publishing House]]."
#***'''Q2:''' "[[Tatarasuna]]."
#***'''Q3:''' "High-efficiency blast furnaces."

==Gameplay Notes==
*There is a current bug where he will appear underground in [[Liyue]], making it impossible to talk to him.
*There is another bug where even if all 3 questions were answered correctly, he will say as much, but then he will say "you didn't get them all correct."

==Rewards==
{{Transclude|Random Event|Rewards}}
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Miyajima, a researcher of Inazuma's cultural traditions, wants to test your knowledge...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Miyajima)
:'''Miyajima:''' These are precious parts of our culture. If we don't pass them down...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Miyajima:''' Ah. My name is Miyajima, and I am compiling a manual on Inazuma's traditions and culture. I am getting on in years, but I still hope to make some contributions in this field.
:'''Miyajima:''' From the looks of you, you're not from around here, right?
:'''Miyajima:''' You may not know it, but Inazuma has a very rich culture and history.
:'''Miyajima:''' It's a shame that young people nowadays don't seem to know much about the stories of this great land.
:'''Miyajima:''' There are actually some who don't know the official name of our almighty [[Electro Archon]]...
:'''Miyajima:''' This is a most worrisome trend. What will become of Inazuma in a few decades, when all the old folks like myself are all gone...
:{{DIcon}} It's the "Raiden Shogun," isn't it?
:'''Miyajima:''' Ah, and that's where you would be wrong. "Raiden Shogun" is a nickname of sorts. But I suppose that this question might have been too hard for an outlander.
:'''Miyajima:''' Perhaps I should ask you something simpler. Would you be interested?
:{{DIcon}} Any prizes for getting it right?
:'''Miyajima:''' Of course, young people who are willing to learn deserve their just reward.
:'''Miyajima:''' Come and find me once you are ready.

;(Talk to Miyajima again)
:'''Miyajima:''' Now, I have three questions. First...
;(Set 1)
::'''Miyajima:''' Under the command of the Shogun, and as part of the organization that is in charge of Inazuma's major affairs, the well-known [[Tri-Commission]], what is the primary responsibility of the [[Tenryou Commission]]?
::{{DIcon}} Law and order-related affairs.
:::'''Miyajima:''' Absolutely correct!
::{{DIcon}} The weather forecast.
:::'''Miyajima:''' I am sorry, but the Tenryou Commission is primarily responsible for affairs related to law and order.
::{{DIcon}} Observation of the stars.
:::'''Miyajima:''' I am sorry, but the Tenryou Commission is primarily responsible for affairs related to law and order.
::'''Miyajima:''' As for my next question...
::'''Miyajima:''' Under the command of the Shogun, and as part of the organization that is in charge of Inazuma's major affairs, the well-known Tri-Commission, what is the primary responsibility of the [[Yashiro Commission]]?
::{{DIcon}} Work related to cultural affairs and the shrines.
:::'''Miyajima:''' Absolutely correct!
::{{DIcon}} Community work.
:::'''Miyajima:''' I am sorry. The Yashiro Commission is primarily responsible for cultural affairs and the shrines.
::{{DIcon}} Processing of agricultural products.
:::'''Miyajima:''' I am sorry. The Yashiro Commission is primarily responsible for cultural affairs and the shrines.
::'''Miyajima:''' As for my next question...
::'''Miyajima:''' Under the command of the Shogun, and as part of the organization that is in charge of Inazuma's major affairs, the well-known Tri-Commission, what is the primary responsibility of the [[Kanjou Commission]]?
::{{DIcon}} Surveying marine resources.
:::'''Miyajima:''' I am sorry, but the Kanjou Commission is primarily responsible for financial affairs and trade.
::{{DIcon}} Financial affairs and trade.
:::'''Miyajima:''' Absolutely correct!
::{{DIcon}} Map drawing
:::'''Miyajima:''' I am sorry, but the Kanjou Commission is primarily responsible for financial affairs and trade.
;(Set 2)
::'''Miyajima''': If outlanders who arrive in [[Ritou]] wish to stay, they will usually have to complete certain procedures with a specific organization first. What is the name of this organization?
::{{DIcon}} "The Infielder's Affairs Agency."
:::'''Miyajima''': I'm sorry, but the correct answer is "The Outlander Affairs Agency."
::{{DIcon}} "The Outlander Affairs Agency."
:::'''Miyajima:''' Absolutely correct!
::{{DIcon}} "The International Affairs Agency."
:::'''Miyajima:''' I'm sorry, but the correct answer is "The Outlander Affairs Agency."
::'''Miyajima''': As for my next question...
::'''Miyajima''': A rare type of plant called [[Dendrobium]] grows in Inazuma. Legend has it that it is irrigated with fresh blood, which results in an especially bright red shade when it blooms in a battlefield.
::'''Miyajima''': The Dendrobium has another, more poetic name. Do you know what it is?
::{{DIcon}} "The Dragon's Heart."
:::'''Miyajime:''' I am sorry. The correct answer is "Lycoris."
::{{DIcon}} "Lycoris."
:::'''Miyajima''': Absolutely correct!
::{{DIcon}} "Crimson Beyond."
:::'''Miyajime:''' I am sorry. The correct answer is "Lycoris."
::'''Miyajima''': As for my next question...
::'''Miyajima''': A special type of creature called [[Sea Ganoderma]] resides near certain bodies of water.
::'''Miyajima''': Do you know what they really are?
::{{DIcon}} A type of ore.
:::'''Miyajima:''' I am sorry. The correct answer is that they are a type of invertebrate and its secretion.
::{{DIcon}} A type of invertebrate and its secretion.
:::'''Miyajima''': Absolutely correct!
::{{DIcon}} A kind of mushroom.
:::'''Miyajima:''' I am sorry. The correct answer is that they are a type of invertebrate and its secretion.
;(Set 3)
::'''Miyajima''': Light novels are everywhere these days. Within this genre, there is a publisher run directly by the Yashiro Commission.
::'''Miyajima''': Do you know its name?
::{{DIcon}} "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang House."
:::'''Miyajima''': I am sorry, but the correct answer is "Yae Publishing House."
::{{DIcon}} "Yae Publishing House."
:::'''Miyajima''': Absolutely correct!
::{{DIcon}} "Kabukicho."
:::'''Miyajima''': I am sorry, but the correct answer is "Yae Publishing House."
::'''Miyajima''': As for my next question...
::'''Miyajima''': Inazuma is known for its excellent smelting techniques, and the famous Tatara Steelworking Technique is among them.
::'''Miyajima''': Do you know what the "Tatara" in this name actually refers to?
::{{DIcon}} "[[Tatarasuna]]."
:::'''Miyajima:''' Absolutely correct!
::{{DIcon}} "Tatara Sanders."
:::'''Miyajima:''' I am sorry. The correct answer is "Tatarasuna."
::{{DIcon}} "Tartarusuna."
:::'''Miyajima:''' I am sorry. The correct answer is "Tatarasuna."
::'''Miyajima:''' As for my next question...
::'''Miyajima:''' Hot springs are a famous type of recreational activity in Inazuma. People love to enjoy hot springs in their leisure time.
::'''Miyajima:''' However, do you know which energy source powers Inazuma's hot springs?
::{{DIcon}} High-efficiency blast furnaces.
:::'''Miyajima:''' Absolutely correct!
::{{DIcon}} Coal burning.
:::'''Miyajima:''' Ah, unfortunately, the correct answer is "high-efficiency blast furnaces."
::{{DIcon}} Geothermal heat from volcanoes.
:::'''Miyajima:''' Ah, unfortunately, the correct answer is "high-efficiency blast furnaces."
;(If all answered correctly)
::'''Miyajima:''' Hmm. You answered all three of my questions.
::'''Miyajima:''' ...And you got all of them right! Very impressive indeed!
::'''Miyajima:''' I didn't realize that your cultural knowledge runs so deep. Looks like my worries were for naught, haha.
::'''Miyajima:''' Ah, I suppose underestimating young people was my error. Come, take your prize!
::'''Miyajima:''' You young people are the future! We're counting on you!
;(If any answered wrong)
::'''Miyajima:''' Hmm... you didn't answer all the questions correctly, but that was to be expected...
::'''Miyajima:''' After all, I doubt these questions were easy for an outlander. Come, take these prizes nonetheless.
::'''Miyajima:''' I had better complete and publish that cultural manual soon. Dragging on like this won't do...{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Answer Me This, Outlander
|zhs     = 异乡人，请回答
|zhs_rm  = Yìxiāng Rén, Qǐng Huídá
|zht     = 異鄉人，請回答
|zht_rm  = Yìxiāng Rén, Qǐng Huídá
|zh_tl   = Outlander, Please Answer
|ja      = 応答せよ異郷人
|ja_rm   = Outouse yo Ikyoujin
|ja_tl   = Answer, Foreigner
|ko      = 이방인, 대답하라
|ko_rm   = Ibangin, Daedaphara
|ko_tl   = Answer, Foreigner
|es      = Responde, forastero
|es_tl   = Answer, Outsider
|es_note = The Spanish version does not have a female version for this quest even if the player selected the female Traveler.
|fr      = {{MC|m=Étranger|f=Étrangère}}, répondez-moi...
|fr_tl   = {{MC|Stranger|mf=1}}, Answer Me...
|ru      = Чужестранец, ответь, пожалуйста
|ru_tl   = Outlander, Please Answer
|th      = คนแปลกหน้า ช่วยตอบคำถามหน่อย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lữ Khách Phương Xa, hãy trả lời đi
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Fremder, hier ist die Frage
|de_tl   = Stranger, Here is the Question
|id      = Tanya Jawab Dengan Orang Asing
|id_tl   = Interview With Foreigner
|pt      = {{MC|m=Forasteiro|f=Forasteira}}, responda.
|pt_tl   = Answer, {{MC|Outsider|mf=1}}.
|tr      = Bunu Yanıtla Yabancı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Quanto conosci Inazuma
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Quests by Type Navbox|type=Random World Quests}}

[[es:Responde, forastero]]
[[pt-br:Forasteira, responda.]]