{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = Past
|image            = NPC Antei.png
|title            = "Transgressor"
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Enkanomiya
|affiliation2     = Jibashiri
|affiliation3     = Shades of Tokoyo
}}
{{Lang|'''Antei'''|ja=安貞|ja_rm=Antei}}, also known as '''Antigone ''' or '''Antigonus''',<ref>{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2}}</ref> is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears during the {{Quest|Antigonus}}.

==Profile==
Antei is a member of the Jibashiri who was accused of stealing the book ''[[Before Sun and Moon]]''. He, alongside [[Ooshima]] and [[Oogura]], were imprisoned at the hanging prison. He had escaped by grabbing the tiny bumps on the cliff and climbing out. Antei promised Ooshima and Oogura that he would leave behind a picture of a bird to mark his escape route for the two while he sought to prove their innocence.

Antei tracked down the culprits, a diplomatic group from [[Khaenri'ah]] that he served as a bodyguard. He defeated the entire group, who also sent a [[Field Tiller]] at him. Antei managed to disable it by ripping its core out, but was mortally wounded and soon died of his injuries.

The [[Traveler]], who was searching for the book on [[Ema]]'s behalf, found the prison alongside the two afterimages who then told them where they believed Antei would have gone. They found Antei, who told them that the people from Khaenri'ah had stolen it and that the machine he disabled was sitting on top of it. Taking the core next to him, they reactivated and destroyed the Ruin Guard, recovering the book and proving his innocence. Realizing now that they were not Jibashiri, the Traveler promised to let the world know he was innocent. This caused him to realize he was an afterimage and he left peacefully after reciting some broken passages.

===Appearance===
Like most [[Shades of Tokoyo|shades]], he is a translucent humanoid figure without defining physical features.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Antei
|zhs     = 安贞
|zhs_rm  = Ānzhēn
|zht     = 安貞
|zht_rm  = Ānzhēn
|ja      = 安貞
|ja_rm   = Antei
|ko      = //안테//
|es      = Antei
|fr      = Antei
|ru      = Антэй
|th      = Antei
|vi      = Antei
|de      = Antei
|id      = Antei
|pt      = Antei
|tr      = Antei
|it      = Antei
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

[[de:Antei]]
[[pt-br:Antei]]