{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73694
|image         = Event Quest Antiquity Hunt.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = A Parade of Providence
|requirement   = Complete [[Opening Festivities]]
|characters    = Daneh; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Avidya Forest]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = Antiquity Hunt: Conclusion
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4;Search Compass*1
|otherRewards   = 
* Unlocks the [[A Parade of Providence/Antiquity Hunt|Antiquity Hunt]] subevent.
}}
'''''Antiquity Hunt''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[A Parade of Providence]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Daneh]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Daneh from Vahumana seems to be busy with something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Daneh, optional)
:'''Daneh:''' (I hope everyone will get to experience the joys of archaeology...)

;(Talk to Daneh)
:'''Daneh:''' Ugh, why does everyone seem so exhausted...
:{{DIcon}} Are you running some sort of event here?
:'''Daneh:''' You're the Traveler, aren't you? Haha! I've always wanted to meet you.
:'''Daneh:''' That's right. Vahumana is running an archaeology-themed game this time!
:'''Daneh:''' We have many researchers who study history under our banner, and so archaeological work, especially the sort that is done in person, is often unavoidable.
:'''Daneh:''' Wait, wait, don't be nervous. We're not getting everyone to do that in person. This event is just a replica of archaeological "activities."
:'''Daneh:''' We have placed a lot of replica relics and buried them all around Sumeru City, and we term those places, at least for now, our Archaeological Zones.
:'''Daneh:''' Those who take part in this activity just need to bring our specially-made detectors to those sites and dig up the buried replicas.
:'''Daneh:''' It's all thanks to the students of the other Darshans for constructing a batch of containers and corresponding detectors.
:'''Daneh:''' You just need to follow the detector in order to find the replicas. We've even split the types of replicas into zones according to the elements.
:'''Daneh:''' However... These detectors were originally used in elemental surveys, and despite our last-minute modifications, they might still be affected by certain elements.
:'''Daneh:''' All in all, you just need to dig up all the replicas, and you'll find that we've got awesome rewards for you!
:'''Daneh:''' What do you think, Traveler? Would you be interested in giving this a go?
:{{DIcon}} Doesn't sound too hard...
:{{DIcon}} We could give it a go...
:'''Daneh:''' Hahaha, great! In that case, here's a detector! I'll mark the Archaeological Zones on your {{color|buzzword|Archaeological Manual}}.
:'''Daneh:''' Alright, that should do it. Well then, Traveler, go out there and have yourself some archaeological fun!
:'''Daneh:''' Once you've found all the relic replicas, do remember to come back and collect your reward from me.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Search Compass}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Antiquity Hunt
|zhs       = 究古考察
|zhs_rm    = Jiūgǔ Kǎochá
|zht       = 究古考察
|zht_rm    = Jiūgǔ Kǎochá
|zh_tl     = 
|ja        = 考古調査
|ja_rm     = Kouko Chousa
|ja_tl     = Archaeology Survey
|ko        = 고고학 조사
|ko_tl     = Archaeology Research
|es        = {{MC|m=Dragador|f=Dragadora}} de antiguallas
|es_tl     = Antiques {{MC|Dredger|mc=1}}
|fr        = Fouilles archéologiques
|fr_tl     = Archeological Excavations
|ru        = Археологические раскопки
|ru_tl     = Archeological Excavation
|th        = ขุดค้นทางโบราณคดี
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Khảo Sát Cổ Đại
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Ausgrabung
|de_tl     = Excavation
|id        = Penelitian Arkeologi
|id_tl     = Archaeology Research
|pt        = Investigação Arqueológica
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Kalıntı Avı
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Spedizione archeologica
|it_tl     = Archaeological Expedition
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:Investigação Arqueológica (Missão)]]
[[ru:Археологические раскопки (задание)]]