{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_picture  = yes
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Antu.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|group            = Qucusaurus
|group2           = Saurians
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Flower-Feather Clan
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Antu''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in ''[[Tournament of Glory in Bloom]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->

==Profile==
Antu was the Saurian companion of [[Nampole]], a member of the [[Flower-Feather Clan]] and brother of [[Imara]], the current chief at the time. At some point, Antu became ill with an unknown sickness, which Nampole found could be cured if provided with Sacred Flame Crystals and Ocean Zephyr. He convinced his brother to host the Bloomflower Trials with the other clans, hoping that they could help restore Antu. However, Imara became allured by the promise of power with the crystals and the scaled-down trials became a violent bloodbath while Nampole was out. Antu saw the infighting among the tribes and mistakenly thought that the Sacred Flame Crystals were responsible for the strife and ran away.

After Nampole learned of Imara's folly, he left the tribe and discovered Antu, finding him on a hill and lived with him there. Nampole would beg for the crystals to save Antu, but failed to do so and eventually passed away at the same spot that Antu died, but not before leaving some manuscripts detailing the truth of the events. According to Antu, after dying, he could no longer feel pain but also felt very light. Antu tried to find Nampole, unaware that he had also died and took shelter in a cave for many ages, essentially making him a spirit, preserved by the power of the Secret Source remnants. Antu later woke up while the Abyss was invading Natlan, and assisted [[Milray]] and [[Naiyan]] in defeating the monsters. When Milray fell sick after the war, Antu learned that the humans planned to heal him with the crystals and told him that they were dangerous. Several Qucusaurs would also take note of Antu's presence, noting that he was hard to track.

The [[Traveler]] investigated the leads and eventually met with [[Ifa]] at the [["Masters of the Night-Wind"]], where Ifa sensed Antu's presence while they were discussing about the mystery Qucusaur. To everyones' surprise, they discovered that Antu was actually a ghost, but Antu, trusting them, brought them to where he died to reveal the manuscripts that Nampole had written. The Traveler later spoke with Antu, who recognized them through their [[Saurian Indwelling]] and told them his perspective of events. The Traveler realized that Antu was stuck in the past and believed that telling the truth would have made no difference to him. After informing the others of Antu's problems, they decided to stage a mock argument in which Antu would resolve the situation himself, thus absolving him of his regret. The plan successfully worked and Milray was healed. Antu celebrated his friend's recovery before noticing his companion in the [[Night Kingdom]], rushing over to him. By that time, he realized that he had stepped into the Night Kingdom and turned around, waving goodbye to Milray before hugging his companion, finally at peace.

===Appearance===
Antu is a [[Qucusaurus Chick]] that wears a pair of goggles on his head. As a spirit, Antu is transparent, with the Saurians considering him "light and floaty."

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* {{w|Antu ((Mapuche mythology)|Antü}} is the name given to a principal {{w|Pillan}} in {{w|Mapuche religion}}. Antü is believed to be the most powerful of all Pillan, and represents the Sun, light, wisdom and spirit.
* {{w|Hantu (supernatural creature)|Hantu}} also known as {{wt|antu}} means "ghost" or "spirit" in {{w|Malay language|Malay}} and {{w|Indonesian language|Indonesian}}. Traditionally, theyre believed to be {{w|Animism|animistic}} terms for nature spirits and ancestral souls. 

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Antu
|zhs     = 安杜
|zhs_rm  = Āndù
|zht     = 安杜
|zht_rm  = Āndù
|ja      = アントゥ
|ja_rm   = Antu
|ko      = 안투
|es      = Antu
|fr      = Antu
|ru      = Анту
|th      = Antu
|vi      = Antu
|de      = Antu
|id      = Antu
|pt      = Antu
|tr      = Antu
|it      = Antu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->