{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70517
|image         = Event Quest Any Unsolved Mysteries?.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Reminiscent Regimen
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
* [[Adventure Rank]] 32 or above
* Complete [[Summertime Odyssey: I]]
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Twinning Isle/2.8|Twinning Isle]], [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|area          = Golden Apple Archipelago
|subarea       = Twinning Isle
|next          = 
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
* Unlocks the [[Reminiscent Regimen]] Event
}}
'''''Any Unsolved Mysteries?''''' is a [[Event Quest]] during the [[Reminiscent Regimen]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to the spot [[Paimon]] mentioned

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Paimon suddenly has a mysterious feeling and suggests that you take another trip to the [[Golden Apple Archipelago]] to have a close look around...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon login)
:'''Paimon''': Hmm, for some reason, Paimon's got a feeling about this.
:'''Paimon''': Feels like the Golden Apple Archipelago is pretty different from how it looked the last time. There might be loads of special secrets just waiting for us to discover 'em!
:'''Paimon''': (Traveler), why don't we have another look around the Golden Apple Archipelago? Y'know, just in case we missed something.

;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' This place sure looks pretty normal.
:'''Paimon:''' Guess there won't be anything to eat here...
:{{DIcon}} Don't give yourself away too soon, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Well, that's your enthusiasm explained...
:'''Paimon:''' *cough* W&mdash;Well, y'know, looking for secrets is hungry work! Everyone knows that!
:'''Paimon:''' And anyway, we've recently been eating barbecue a lot to save time. Aren't you sick of that already?
:'''Paimon:''' If we can find some shells or conches, we can stew them with some fruit.
:'''Paimon:''' They'll be fresh and sweet and springy...
:{{DIcon}} That sounds pretty terrible. Not my cup of tea.
::'''Paimon:''' Come on, give it go! It might open a whole new culinary world to you!
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like how you'd taste, Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon isn't some aquacultural product!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait a moment! Look over there, (Traveler).
:'''Paimon:''' That's weird, that device just appeared all of a sudden.
:'''Paimon:''' And there's some luggage nearby, too. Is that Fatui gear?
:{{DIcon}} Huh. Right on the Mora, Paimon. Good work.
:'''Paimon:''' Right? Paimon was right on the Mora...
:'''Paimon:''' Waaait a moment. There's nothing good about this discovery!
:'''Paimon:''' If this is [[Fatui]] business, then there's gotta be some scheme afoot!
:'''Paimon:''' If we leave this thing be, things might eventually get out of control.
:'''Paimon:''' Whatever the case, let's see what we can do about that device first. If you think we should, let's have a look through that Fatui gear.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's do this like we always do, (Traveler), and then we can kick back and start looking for something to eat instead!
;(Quest completes)
{{Dialogue end}}
===Optional Interactables===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with Remnant Records<nowiki>:</nowiki> I)
:'''Remnant Records: I:''' Wow, how surprising, that something assembled with spare parts could actually be so powerful.
:'''Remnant Records: I:''' We'll deal with it according to our orders from above.
:'''Remnant Records: I:''' After it is cleaned up, we'll throw it in the shallows.
:'''Remnant Records: I:''' Once buried in the sea sand, its energy should quickly drain out.
:'''Remnant Records: I:''' The device will probably still affect nearby areas... but it should stop working after a while and make no further trouble.
:'''Remnant Records: I:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Many records are lost, and these pages are all that remain.
:'''Paimon:''' D'you think these notes were left by the Fatui?
:'''Paimon:''' "We'll deal with it according to our orders from above." Could this be a destruction guide for the device assembled with spare parts?
:'''Paimon:''' The destruction process is just to "leave it in the shallows" ...Paimon thinks it means to bury it by the seashore.
:'''Paimon:''' But didn't the Fatui make these devices in the first place? Why destroy them?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe there's some conflict between factions.
::'''Paimon:''' Inside the Fatui? That's hard to imagine...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it's because of some personal beef.
::'''Paimon:''' Is... is that so? Paimon guesses the Fatui are actually quite complicated...
:'''Paimon:''' But the mechanism wasn't mentioned in the notes at all. What on earth is that...
:'''Paimon:''' Why don't we have a look around? There might be other records nearby!

;(Interact with Remnant Records<nowiki>:</nowiki> II)
:'''Remnant Records: II:''' The warnings from our superiors were warranted indeed.
:'''Remnant Records: II:''' The device could even extract information from my memories and create more complex segments from them.
:'''Remnant Records: II:''' Of course, it is an interesting phenomenon, but I'm not going through the ordeal of training again.
:'''Remnant Records: II:''' Let's stay for three more days, and we'll fall back if things look bad.
:'''Remnant Records: II:''' I wonder what others will see here...
:'''Remnant Records: II:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' So is that how it is?
:'''Paimon:''' The mechanism we saw and the challenges we triggered using it were all virtual images created by the device based on our memories, then?
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of this, we've gotten through lots of challenges and puzzles, haven't we? That device seems to know us pretty well.
:{{DIcon}} Completing challenges makes us stronger, after all.
:{{DIcon}} Well, solving the puzzles might award us a chest.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's right!
:'''Paimon:''' These challenges are quite interesting. Paimon's kinda excited about them now, actually!
:'''Paimon:''' But where did the Fatui soldier end up going?

;(Interact with Remnant Records<nowiki>:</nowiki> III)
:'''Remnant Records: III:''' What's with these records?
:'''Remnant Records: III:''' Why don't I remember writing all this?
:'''Remnant Records: III:''' The place is giving me headaches. This is very strange... I'm probably under the influence of something.
:'''Remnant Records: III:''' I felt like I was waking from a nightmare. I'm very agitated, and I'm losing track of things that happened recently.
:'''Remnant Records: III:''' I'd better erase all records and leave, just in case.
:'''Remnant Records: III:''' Wait, if I'm destroying the records anyway, why am I still writing this...
:'''Remnant Records: III:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' ...Could it be that he just ran away?
:{{DIcon}} He might have been met with something frightening.
:{{DIcon}} He was influenced by the device.
:'''Paimon:''' But we didn't see anything scary after activating the device. Why's that?
:'''Paimon:''' And he destroyed most of the records too. It's almost as if he was covering something up...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe people see different things, depending on their state of mind.
:'''Paimon:''' That's lame.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, he was the one leaving us the records and providing helpful information...
:'''Paimon:''' But he's still pretty irresponsible, so Paimon's gonna call him something dumb, like... "The Deserting Dumbo"!
:{{DIcon}} Anyway, we've figured this mystery out.
:'''Paimon:''' That's true. The whole story is actually quite simple, huh?
:'''Paimon:''' As for the device buried in the seashore, it's not all that dangerous, and it should stop working soon.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, since we don't see something like it every day, (Traveler), do you wanna try another challenge?
:'''Paimon:''' We should enjoy the Mirage for as long as you wish! The cooking ingredients can wait.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Any Unsolved Mysteries?
|zhs     = 残留的谜团？
|zhs_rm  = Cánliú de Mítuán?
|zht     = 殘留的謎團？
|zht_rm  = Cánliú de Mítuán?
|zh_tl   = Remaining Mysteries?
|ja      = 残された謎？
|ja_rm   = Nokosa reta Nazo?
|ja_tl   = Remaining Mysteries?
|ko      = 남겨진 수수께끼?
|ko_rm   = Namgyeojin Susukkekki?
|ko_tl   = Unsolved Riddles?
|es      = ¿Algún enigma por resolver?
|es_tl   = Any Mystery Yet to Be Solved?
|fr      = Des mystères non résolus ?
|fr_tl   = Any Unsolved Mysteries?
|ru      = Неразгаданная тайна?
|ru_tl   = Unsolved Mystery?
|th      = ปริศนาที่หลงเหลืออยู่?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Câu Đố Còn Sót Lại?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gibt es ungelöste Geheimnisse?
|de_tl   = Are There Unsolved Mysteries?
|id      = Misteri Yang Belum Terbongkar?
|id_tl   = Unsolved Mystery?
|pt      = Mistério Remanescente?
|pt_tl   = Remaining Mystery?
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[ru:Неразгаданная тайна?]]
[[pt-br:Mistério Remanescente?]]