{{Meta
<!-- REMOVE THIS TEMPLATE AFTER ADDING MISSING INFO -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Anzai.png
|realname         = 
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Meikyou Shisui Art
|title            = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
{{Lang|'''Anzai'''|ja=安西|ja_rm=Anzai}} is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in {{Quest|A Swordmaster's Path Is Paved With Broken Blades}}.

==Profile==
In his youth, Anzai studied under the [[Meikyou Shisui Art]] under an unnamed sensei and was the oldest of the disciples. He met his junior [[Domon]] sometime later and the two became friends. Anzai believed that he would be the new sensei due to his seniority, but Domon challenged him and Anzai lost the duel; out of shame and embarrassment, he left the training grounds and became a wandering samurai.

He later returned to the city upon hearing that Domon had his Vision seized, but only watched from afar. During one of Domon's hallucinations, Anzai was surprised to hear Domon call his name out. He was then spotted by [[Paimon]], who saw him as suspicious and was caught up to by the [[Traveler]], before explaining his intentions to them. When Domon was taken to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] to be inspected by [[Yae Miko]], Anzai came once more to confront Domon. He told him that over time, he realized that he had given his aspirations to Domon when he lost the duel. Now that his aspiration was taken, Anzai urged Domon to pass it to his disciples, allowing Domon to break out of his trance. Anzai stated that while he would still wander the lands of Inazuma, he would still occasionally return to the city to make sure that Domon wasn't cutting corners with his disciples.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Anzai
|zhs     = 安西
|zhs_rm  = Ānxī
|zht     = 安西
|zht_rm  = Ānxī
|ja      = 安西
|ja_rm   = Anzai
|ko      = 안자이
|es      = Anzai
|fr      = Anzai
|ru      = Андзай
|th      = Anzai
|vi      = Anzai
|de      = Anzai
|id      = Anzai
|pt      = Anzai
|tr      = Anzai
|it      = Anzai
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
<!--
==References====
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[de:Anzai]]
[[pt-br:Anzai]]