{{Faction Infobox
|image        = 
|caption      = 
|leader       = [[Apep]]
|founder      = [[Apep]]
|base         = [[Apep's Oasis]]
|region       = Sumeru
}}

'''Apep's Creatures''' ''(unofficial name)'' are elemental creatures generated from the abundant elemental energy inside [[Apep]], the {{Dendro}} Dragon. The dragon is their creator, and also their home. They are encountered in {{Quest|Homecoming}}.

==Overview==
The [[Traveler]]'s analogy describes Apep's creatures as small [[Dendro Slime]]s generated from [[Large Dendro Slime]] (Apep). Inside Apep was an entire world, which its creatures considered the greatest place ever. Apep once promised that the creatures could start life in a new world once they were mature enough. However, that day never came. The apocalypse, also known as [[Forbidden Knowledge]], accumulated by Apep's desperation, and later by consuming [[Amun]]'s body, corrupted Apep and its creatures. Many of Apep's creatures could not make it out of the dragon's body, so they suffered the greatest. The gruesome adaptation to the apocalypse turned them into [[Proliferating Organism]]s. Some creatures were luckier and were able to escape, and they desperately tried to find a way to cure Apep and go home. 

When outside of Apep's body, all of the creatures adapted into the form of [[Fungus|Fungi]] due to their suitable adaptation to Sumeru's land. Even when they escaped the dragon, all creatures were still infected with the apocalypse, and later became one with the apocalypse itself. When they had suffered enough and reached the end of their life, they became the tumor of the decay phenomenon known as [[The Withering]]. 

The escaped creatures eventually came to [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] and requested her aid. However, Rukkhadevata was weakened after the suppression of the forbidden knowledge caused by King Deshret. Despite this, she still agreed to help the creatures and Apep, and they together made a special device known as the Fire Seed to reactivate the Heart of Oasis inside Apep's body. However, since she was weakened, the Fire Seed was unstable. She also blessed a certain creature with life forces so it could survive in [[The Chasm]], so it could "transform" the Forbidden Knowledge into something else due to the power of a [[Celestial Nail]] residing there. She predicted that if the Forbidden Knowledge were eradicated, Apep's creatures, which had "become" the apocalypse, would also lose a part of themselves. So if the creature can change the Forbidden Knowledge into something else, they can still remember it.

It is unknown if the second spread of the forbidden knowledge in the [[cataclysm]] affected Apep's creatures and caused them more suffering than they already were.

In the present day, after [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] removes the presence of Rukkhadevata and the forbidden knowledge in the [[Irminsul]], both she and the creatures have their views greatly altered. Nahida does not know about the promise and wonders about the Fire Seed found in her [[Sanctuary of Surasthana]], while the creatures lose many memories and life forces due to the void left by the removal. They eventually remember it due to the special creature in the Chasm, and they set out to save Apep. However, the Fire Seed has been broken, and the creatures sacrifice their growth and themselves to reactivate Apep's Heart of Oasis. The guardians and the proliferating organisms also got turned into elemental power. Apep assures that the creatures will be reborn when the dragon's condition has been stable, but their knowledge, memories, and emotions have been permanently lost.

==Powers and Abilities==
Apep's creatures are {{Dendro}} elemental life forms that originated from the Dendro Dragon Apep, so they inherited their progenitor's great power of adaptation. As shown by their Fungi transformation, they were a perfect mimicry. They were able to blend in the population, communicate with fellow Fungi, and even "have" a child Fungus, although it is unspecified about the reproduction of Fungi. Even when suffering from the apocalypse, they could still exist as Proliferating Organisms thanks to the most gruesome adaptation.

As they have become one with the apocalypse, they were able to spread the disaster against their will. The Withering, and arguably [[Eleazar]], were the result influenced by forbidden knowledge.

==Members==
*[[Elemental Being: Floating Hydro Fungus]] (later evolved into [[Elemental Being: Grounded Hydroshroom]])
*[[Elemental Being: Floating Anemo Fungus]]
*[[Elemental Being: Grounded Geoshroom]]
*[[Proliferating Organism]]
**[[Perch Proliferating Organism]]
**[[Pernicious Proliferating Organism]]
**[[Predatory Proliferating Organism]]
**[[Preliminary Proliferating Organism]]
**[[Protective Proliferating Organism]]
**[[Provender Proliferating Organism]]
* [[Guardian of Apep's Oasis]]

==Trivia==
*Based on the [[Aranara]]'s perception of Marana, the Withering appeared not present until the cataclysm 500 years ago. It could be deduced that the cataclysm "urge everything towards death,"<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Araja|note=About "Marana"...}}</ref> which in turn caused the death of many creatures and resulted in the large-scale Withering.
**[[Araja]]'s description about [[Marana's Avatar]] fit the polymorphism nature of Apep's creatures.

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist|1}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}