{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75505
|image         = Event Quest Aphid Treasure.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Aphid Treasure Trace
|requirement   = 
* {{Tx}}
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Xilonen
|startLocation = [["Children of Echoes"]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = "Children of Echoes"
|prev          = 
|next          = Last Ride of the Bugbuster Squad
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Aphid Treasure Trace]] Event.
}}
'''''Aphid Treasure''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Aphid Treasure Trace]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to the Children of Echoes
# Go to where the Abyssal Aphids were spotted
# Capture the Abyssal Aphids
# Talk to Xilonen

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Some new little thingamajig has hit the market among the Children of Echoes recently...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Xilonen in the Children of Echoes)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, Xilonen! Didn't expect to see you here.
:'''Xilonen:''' Hey there, Traveler, Paimon! What, is it so weird to see me at my own home?
:{{Introductory Note|Xilonen}}
:'''Paimon:''' Well, no, but Paimon thought you'd have found a beautiful tree to get a few days' shut-eye in by now since we just solved such a big problem.
:'''Xilonen:''' Haha, I'd love to, but everyone's been busy with the reconstruction. It'd feel wrong to slack off at a time like this.
:{{DIcon}} So this is where you've decided to contribute?
:'''Xilonen:''' Here, let me show you something.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! What a pretty jewel!
:{{DIcon}} Looks very valuable.
::'''Xilonen:''' Yes, but that's not all.
:{{DIcon}} Something looks off.
::'''Xilonen:''' Hah, sharp as always.
:'''Xilonen:''' This is a Phlogiston Honey Pearl with peculiar patterning that's been making the rounds recently in the market. They're usually produced by Phlogiston Aphids. Pretty common, really.
:'''Xilonen:''' But these oddly patterned ones are both novel and scarce, making them quite expensive.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it! That's just like how we love treasure chests that have awesome-looking patterns on them too!
:'''Xilonen:''' Hehe, so I bought a few for my collection, and guess what? After a few days, the potted plant I was raising nearby had withered.
:'''Xilonen:''' I didn't think much of it at first. I mean, I don't know the first thing about growing plants anyway. Later, however, I heard Kachina say that some people got sick.
:'''Xilonen:''' Most of them were customers of Cheven's gemstone shop. Even Cheven herself proved no exception.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait... Did it all have something to do with this gem, then?
:'''Xilonen:''' I thought so too, and so I smashed one open... and discovered that it contained some Abyssal energy.
:'''Xilonen:''' Low-concentration, of course, and isolated by the outer shell of the honey pearl itself &mdash; which made it almost undetectable.
:{{DIcon}} What about the victims? How are they doing now?
:'''Xilonen:''' No need to worry. The low concentration resulted in rather minor maladies, with most being sleepy or being prone to exhaustion.
:'''Xilonen:''' It hasn't had any effect on the more fit, like myself or Kachina.
:'''Paimon:''' Phew... And here Paimon thought this might be a sticky situation.
:'''Xilonen:''' Sticky? Like the honey in Honey Pearls?
:{{DIcon}} I'd bet Paimon was thinking "sticky like Slimes" instead.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, you know it! And fortunately for us, this problem's only a threat to ordinary people, just like Slimes!
:'''Xilonen:''' Heh, you two really understand one another.
:'''Paimon:''' We totally do! Still, We've met lots of people scared stiff by Slimes, so it's not like we can ignore it just because it isn't dangerous for us, right?
:'''Xilonen:''' Exactly. I already explained the situation to our Chief, and asked him to collect and destroy all the strange Honey Pearls on the market.
:{{DIcon}} But we still need to attack this issue at the source.
:'''Xilonen:''' My sentiments exactly. Like I said, Phlogiston Honey Pearls are produced by Phlogiston Aphids. If anything is the source of the problem, it'll be them.
:'''Xilonen:''' I went to look for Kinich, since he's got the better head for investigating between us. Yesterday, he sent word that he found Aphids with Abyssal contamination.
:'''Xilonen:''' There are also traces of their presence near the Scions of the Canopy and the People of the Springs. Right, and Kinich also notified Mualani.
:'''Xilonen:''' However, they're not exactly gemstone enthusiasts, so the problem didn't affect them as much.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Looks like there are all sorts of lingering Abyss-related issues, huh? Guess we've gotta be patient.
:{{DIcon}} How do you plan to deal with the Aphids?
:'''Xilonen:''' Catch 'em first. We can still purify this level of Abyssal contamination, we shouldn't need to harm the Aphids.
:'''Xilonen:''' Kinich has marked out places where they gather, and I'm heading to a spot near our tribe.
:'''Xilonen:''' Would you like to come along, by the way? A little bug-catching sounds like fun, doesn't it?
:'''Xilonen:''' I'd have invited Kachina, but unfortunately, she's already occupied.
:{{DIcon}} Are we there so you can slack off?
::'''Xilonen:''' Hah! Do I look like I'm going to lie down and watch you from a tree? We'll be working together.
::{{DIcon}} Just kidding. Let's go.
::'''Xilonen:''' Glad to have you! Would've been a boring trip otherwise. Let's head off, then.
:{{DIcon}} I'm game.
::'''Xilonen:''' Glad to have you! Would've been a boring trip otherwise. Let's head off, then.
:{{DIcon}} Nah, seems like a boring gig.
::'''Xilonen:''' Ugh, guess it's crushing boredom for me, then... Sure you don't wanna come? I was planning on giving you a little something for your time, you know.
::'''Paimon:''' Ooh! There's pay? What is it?
::'''Xilonen:''' Shiny, shiny stuff. Pretty, too.
::'''Paimon:''' Mora! It's gotta be Mora! C'mon, {{Traveler}}, are we gonna pass up a chance to make some money?
::{{DIcon}} Alright, I was just kidding earlier. Let's go!
::{{DIcon}} Well, guess we'll do it for the Mora.
::'''Xilonen:''' Haha, fine by me. Let's go.
----
;(Approach the Aphid's location)
:'''Xilonen:''' This is our spot.
:'''Xilonen:''' See that? An Aphid, polluted with the power of the Abyss. Way larger than any normal one ever gets.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, what a huge Aphid... Uh, is it dangerous?
:'''Xilonen:''' Relax, even though it's been contaminated by the Abyss, its behavior doesn't seem to have changed at all.
:'''Xilonen:''' Still, I've specially prepared an extra-large insect net to make sure everything goes smoothly. Here ya go. It'll come in handy for catching them in a moment.
:'''Xilonen:''' Oh right! By the way, Kinich mentioned something rather unusual. He discovered that there's a special berry that always grows near areas where Abyssal Aphids are found.
:'''Xilonen:''' The berry contains a toxin that can paralyze the Aphids, so if we spread them on the net, it'll stop the Aphids from struggling.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Why are Aphids living around a berry that paralyzes them? Seems kinda strange to Paimon...
:'''Xilonen:''' I think so too. First time I've heard of animals living alongside something that's dangerous to them.
:'''Paimon:''' It's totally unnatural! Wait... Could someone be behind them getting infected with the Abyss!?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's sure on high alert these days.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Even the dumbest guides grow up! And Paimon was never dumb to start with anyway.
:'''Xilonen:''' The only problem with that is that we searched everywhere, but didn't find any trace of human involvement.
:'''Xilonen:''' So let's just chalk it up to some unknown natural Aphid behavior for now.
:'''Paimon:''' Fine, but no matter what, we've got to catch them first! We don't want anything else that makes people sick running around.
:'''Paimon:''' Bugbuster Squad, move out!

;(After capturing the Aphid)
:'''Paimon:''' Phew! We did it! Though this bugger certainly looks big, it was pretty easy to catch.
:'''Paimon:''' It's not dangerous at all, other than the fact it likes to run away. The insect net and numbing berries were really useful too!
:'''Xilonen:''' Hehe, but seeing as that it's the Abyss these Aphids are contaminated with, they could attract monsters. Best to be on your guard.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're right! And since these all-too-convenient berries just happen to be here... Well, if it was Paimon, she'd steer clear of any enemies!
:'''Paimon:''' Being around berries like this isn't normal or natural, {{Traveler}}! We should keep our eyes peeled. There's something real fishy going on for sure!
:{{DIcon}} You certainly look like an expert on suspicious goings-on.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon learned it from you!
:'''Xilonen:''' Ha!
:'''Xilonen:''' Anyway, thanks for coming out here with me. We've taken care of one area, so it's about time for a nice little break.
:'''Xilonen:''' After all, I'll need your help over the next few days too.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Aphid Treasure
|zhs      = 蜜虫之宝
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 蜜蟲之寶
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = ミツムシのお宝
|ja_rm    = Mitsumushi no Otakara
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 꿀벌레의 보물
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El tesoro de las flogistabejas
|es_tl    = The Treasure of the Phlogiston Bees
|fr       = Trésor des pucerons
|fr_tl    = Treasure of the Aphids
|ru       = Сокровище тли
|ru_tl    = Aphid Treasure
|th       = สมบัติแห่งเพลี้ย
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Kho Báu Loài Bọ
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Der Schatz der Läuse
|de_tl    = The Lice's Treasure
|id       = Pusaka Aphid
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Tesouro Afídio
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Filojiston Biti Hazinesi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Il tesoro degli Afidi
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}

[[pt-br:Tesouro Afídio]]
[[ru:Сокровище тли]]
[[vi:Kho Báu Loài Bọ]]