{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Fontaine Locations Sneak Peek 2.png
|type         = Exploration
|group        = Vehicles
|region       = Fontaine
}}
The '''Aquabus''' is a water vehicle found in [[Fontaine]]. It operates on a dedicated transportation system called an aquarail, providing scenic tours and efficient transportation for its occupants.

If there is no aquabus at the station, players can select the "Wait for the aquabus..." dialogue option next to the bench to call for one.

According to [[Augustus Lovelace]], aquabuses feature [[Melusine]] guides who provide commentary on the local scenery, and remarks that riding an aquabus is a "sublime experience."<ref name="Augustus Lovelace">{{Ref/NPC|Augustus Lovelace}}</ref>
{{TOC Limit|3}}

==Aquabus Lines==
* Clementine Line &mdash; operated by [[Aeval]], with stations at:
** [[Court of Fontaine]] (Main Station)
** [[Romaritime Harbor]] (Romaritime Station)
* Navia Line &mdash; operated by [[Elphane]], with stations at:
** Court of Fontaine (Main Station)
** [[Erinnyes]] ([[Marcotte Station]])
* Callas Line &mdash; currently not operating (last operated by [[Talochard]]), with stations at:
** Court of Fontaine (North of [[Palais Mermonia]])
** [[Fontaine Research Institute]]
* Lumidouce Harbor Line &mdash; construction rumored to start soon<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Sir Arthur}}</ref> or cancelled, with stations at:
** [[Lumidouce Harbor]]
* Unnamed Line &mdash; cancelled

==Lore==
The Aquabus system is a system designed in cooperation with [[Callas]] and both the [[Court of Fontaine]] and [[Fontaine Research Institute]]. Callas believed that the system would help improve relations between them and [[Poisson]], though the costs were very expensive. This resulted in a feud between him and another [[Spina di Rosula]] member, [[Romeuf]], who believed that the costs would be better off improving the town. Matters were made worse when Callas' wife, [[Clementine]], also supported his decision, resulting in Romeuf breaking off with a large amount of members on particularly bad terms against Callas and his family. After Clementine died while giving birth to their daughter [[Navia]], Callas started funding the construction of the Aquabus system.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Shimmering Memories}}</ref> Three lines were created; the Callas, Clementine and Navia lines, servicing the Court of Fontaine to the Fontaine Research Institute, Romaritime Harbor and Erinnyes.

When the Fontaine Research Institute suffered an explosion due to [[Edwin Eastinghouse]]'s research on [[Arkhium]] (though he denies being responsible for the accident), it also destroyed the Callas Line in the process; the line has not been rebuilt as of yet.

After the [[Prophecy of Fontaine]] was dealt with, Romeuf and his faction attempt to get revenge on Navia by planning to destroy the support columns of the Clementine Line to create an avalanche that would bury Poisson in rubble. The plot was foiled by the [[Traveler]] and Navia, after which she decided to start reconstruction on the Callas Line and adding more stops to the other lines.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Wait for the aquabus...
:;(If there is not an aquabus at the station)
:::{{Black Screen|After a while...}}
:;(If there is an aquabus at the station)
:::There are aquabuses on this line that are either in motion or have yet to set sail
{{Dialogue End}}

==Aquabus Tour Voice-Overs==
===Clementine Line===
====Clementine Line A1: Embarking for Main Station====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-2 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Welcome to the Clementine Line aquabus! This boat tour will take you to the magnificent Court of Fontaine, the most important city in our nation!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-1 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I am [[Aeval]], and I'll be your tour guide for this trip! Even though I am not as reliable as [[Elphane]] from Navia Line, I'll still do my very best! And if you're dissatisfied with anything, feel free to lemme know right away!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-1 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Oh, wait a sec. It's "Please contact the staff member with your feedback after reaching the station, and we will address your concerns as soon as possible!"
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-1 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Back on topic! The destination of this trip will be the court of [[Fontaine]].
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-1 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Um... If you'd like to learn more about the latest technological development in Fontaine, the hottest news, trends, and cuisine, or upcoming sensational trial, please subscribe to [[The Steambird]]!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line A2: Embarking for Main Station====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-2 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Welcome to the Clementine Line aquabus! This boat tour will take you to the magnificent court of Fontaine, the most important city in our nation!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-2 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Speaking of Fontaine, you may have heard of the unique trials held in our courts, and presume this nation to be a very serious and solemn place.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-2 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' In reality, Fontaine is also a center of culinary and artistic delights, full of fine architecture, music, paintings, and delicacies, each of which are well worth experiencing for yourself...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-2 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Why is architecture first in this list, you might ask?
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-2 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' For good reason! Because for any new passengers, you'll get your very first look at the splendor of the Court of Fontaine towards the end of this tour! So keep your eyes peeled, and prepare to gasp with amazement when the moment comes!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line A3: Embarking for Main Station====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-3 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Welcome aboard this aquabus, one of the most unique forms of transportation in all of Teyvat! This boat will take you from Romaritime Station to the Court of Fontaine!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-3 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Normally, this line doesn't have many passengers, so you have your pick of the best seats! But you still have to follow all the passenger guidelines!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-3 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' These include not placing sharp tools flat on the chairs, and not bringing overstuffed lunchboxes on board...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-3 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' We've had quarrels break out between passengers over things like that! Some even escalated into private brawls!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-3 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Of course, Fontaine's rules state that "If you want to fight, apply for a duel." So those two passengers were promptly sent to the Fortress of Meropide, where they went on to live peaceful, disciplined, and well-mannered lives...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-3 06.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' So all's well that end's well &mdash; but please do not follow their example!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line A4: Embarking for Main Station====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-4 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' It's time to set sail, let's goooo!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-4 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Welcome aboard the Clementine Line, I am top-rated tour guide [[Aeval]], at your service!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-4 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I would like to ask our guests from abroad, did you bring any light and breathable clothing?
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-4 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' The land of Fontaine is mostly covered by temperate waters, and there is only a minimal temperature difference between day and night. It's relatively warm all year round.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-4 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' The humidity is also very high, so it's easy to end up sweating even after light physical activity. Some tourists may even find it a bit hot and muggy.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine a-4 06.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Oh! Come to think of it, maybe I shouldn't have said the "land of Fontaine," but the "waters of Fontaine" instead...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line B1: About The Steambird's Serialized Novels and Merusea Village====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine b-1 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' [[The Steambird]] runs lots of fantastic serialized novels, including the thriller "Great Detective Hurlock," which recently reached its dramatic conclusion!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine b-1 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Right at the very end, Hurlock faces off against the real mastermind, revealed to be the assistant, Miss Jacoba, in a duel at the old site of Liliacruces Ordo... I couldn't stop my feelers from shaking...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine b-1 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Oh no... Did I spoil it for you? Whoops... Anyway! Coming up ahead on your left-hand side is Merusea Village, the hometown of all Melusines &mdash; myself included! It's deep below the ground just over there!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line B2: About Mont Automnequi====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine b-2 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Passengers, the aquabus is now arriving at Poisson Tunnel.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine b-2 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Though much of Fontaine is covered by water, there are also beautiful mountains and forests here! Mont Automnequi is one of our most iconic peaks!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine b-2 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Lots of adventurers enjoy camping on its summit!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine b-2 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I heartily recommend the experience to all visitors! With that said, visitors should also pay attention to personal safety, and hire some locals or Clockwork Meka as bodyguards...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line B3: About Poisson Tunnel Origin====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine b-3 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Look, everyone! Approaching us up ahead is Mont Automnequi, which lies between the port and the Court!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine b-3 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Though not particularly steep, if our course were to wind around the top of the mountain, our little boat wouldn't be stable and calm like this, but a white-knuckle water park ride!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine b-3 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' When they were building the waterways, they had to invite experts from the Fontaine Research Institute. The experts brought huge, amazing machines, and bored a hole through Mont Automnequi, it really was a massive project...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line B4: About Clockwork Meka Mass Release====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine b-4 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' We're about to pass through Poisson Tunnel now. The Fontaine Research Institute used huge engineering devices to complete the boring work, vastly reducing the amount of manual labor required!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine b-4 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' The success of the tunnel project was a proof-of-concept for the potential of core clockwork meka, and the Institute developed a simplified version for mass release shortly afterward.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine b-4 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' So it's fair to say that the Clementine Line is a monument to Fontaine's scientific progress!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line C1: About Deserts====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-1 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' We will now pass through Poisson Tunnel. Now that I think about it, very few people tend to take this line!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-1 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Hmm... maybe it's because humans don't really like deserts? After all, the most popular route in and out of Fontaine is through Liyue's [[Chenyu Vale]].
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-1 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I've heard that in places with lots of sand, even Clockwork Meka will start to malfunction. I mean no rational person would try to cross a vast, hot, and dry desert to get to Fontaine, right?
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-1 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Ah! I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to imply that you were irrational...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line C2: About Indemnitium====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-2 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' The aquabus is now entering Poisson Tunnel! Everyone should now be able to see the light from the aquabus more clearly. Beautiful, isn't it?
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-2 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' It's very different from the fluorescent materials used in [[Sumeru]], or the torches used in other countries! These are Fontaine-exclusive night lights powered by [[Indemnitium]]!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-2 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Of course, Indemnitium isn't just for such trivial uses as lighting.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-2 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Indemnitium is a power source capable not only of powering this tiny aquabus but also meeting the daily energy demands of an entire city. Plus, it's completely safe!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-2 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' You'll have the chance to learn more about this amazing power source once you reach the Court of Fontaine!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line C3: About Tear Stone====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-3 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Fontaine has a lot of alabaster-toned buildings, all built with a special type of stone called tearstone!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-3 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' An educational column in The Steambird said it was only after an incident a few hundred years ago that this type of stone was discovered by the people of Fontaine.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-3 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Hidden deep underground, it looks completely ordinary from the outside. The inside, however, is filled with a pearly-white substance which, if processed using the right method, turns into a very sturdy material...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-3 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' But, just what kind of incident could bring this kind of rock up from below?
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-3 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' In the past, people could only discover secrets within stones by breaking huge boulders apart... Say, maybe only the heavy cannons on battleships could do that?
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line C4: About Fontaine's Public Security====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-4 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' When touring Fontaine at night, if you're unfortunate enough to be out during scheduled street light maintenance or run into an unlit alley, worry not...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-4 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Because Fontaine's public security is absolutely top-notch! Just shout out "HELP! SAVE ME!" and a nearby Gardemek will come to your assistance immediately!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-4 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' And even if the Gardemeks haven't been maintained properly and can't hear your screams, resulting in you being beaten and robbed... you can file a complaint at Maison Gardiennage, or send the scoop to The Steambird.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-4 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Before you know it, you'll get a huge settlement! One way or another, you definitely won't come out poorer.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine c-4 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Of course, I don't recommend staging a fake robbery to try and earn money from this! People who do that will end up on the [[Vasari Passage]]'s blacklist, and won't be able to buy anything...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line D1: About Opera Epiclese and Elphane====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-1 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Ahem, looking ahead on your right-hand side, you'll see [[Erinnyes]], where the [[Opera Epiclese]] is located!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-1 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Do you see that really tall structure? I once asked [[Elphane]]: "What's that big old thing?"
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-1 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' She said: "No clue. What's the use of learning the meaning of things?"
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-1 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' But anyway, Elphane is a super amazing and super friendly Melusine, if you have a chance, you really should take the Navia Line and listen to her tour!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-1 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Behind me is the destination of our tour, the magnificent Court of Fontaine. Please take all of your personal belongings with you when you disembark!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line D2: About Opera Epiclese====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-2 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Passengers, just to the outside of the track, there's a towering building... that's blocking your view! Behind it, you'll find the pride of the people of Fontaine: the Opera Epiclese!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-2 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' This opera house is the highest court where Fontaine holds its trials, so it's no exaggeration to say that it's one of the most important buildings in the nation!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-2 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Of course, normal artistic performances are staged there too... but those can sometimes be a bit too avant-garde and confusing.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-2 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Trials are much more interesting, because Monsieur [[Neuvillette]] will always be present... Ah, I really wanna ditch work right now and go watch a trial...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-2 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' No! No! Bad Aeval! You're a model tour guide! How can you think about doing something so irresponsible!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line D3: About Trials====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-3 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Trials are the most important public events in Fontaine. Whenever there's a public trial, everyone is always super excited to go! They'll doll themselves up, dress to the nines, and then head to the Opera Epiclese!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-3 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' A public report by Palais Mermonia said that the generation of Indemnitium seems to be connected to trials.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-3 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' So I guess you could say all of Fontaine runs on trials! But as for the technical details, I'm not too clear!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-3 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' The point is, it's all thanks to the brilliant design of Monsieur Neuvillette that the people of Fontaine have access to this safe and reliable energy source!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line D4: About Construction of Opera Epiclese====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-4 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Centuries ago, Palais Mermonia hired half the workers in the Court of Fontaine to build the Opera Epiclese. So many building materials were sent in, they were piled into a small hill on the shore.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-4 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' The income from these orders alone made many workshop owners obscenely rich. They had so much Mora, they felt safe investing in all kinds of other businesses.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-4 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' And even the workers building the opera house got such fat paychecks after the beginning of the project that they could work without any worry or hurry. So they took their time to make the place even more beautiful!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-4 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' So, the construction of Opera Epiclese gave a huge boost to Fontaine's economy!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line D5: About Monsieur Neuvillette====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-5 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Ahem! Speaking of our Chief Justice Monsieur Neuvillette, dear passengers, please don't hold back your feelings of respect and adoration!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-5 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Monsieur Neuvillette is the pillar of all of Fontaine! He never misses a single public trial at the Opera Epiclese, and he still has soooo much other work to do!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-5 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' And despite all this, he's still so patient and gentle towards us Melusines...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-5 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' To me, it's obvious that without him, all of Fontaine would grind to a halt!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-5 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I'm just a nobody, I've never even had a chance to speak to Monsieur Neuvillette... but maybe you'll get a chance!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line D6: About Lady Furina====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-6 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' You know, I was once lucky enough to see Lady Furina herself stand upon the stage of the Opera Epiclese!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-6 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Her beautiful performance and rich emotions are so infectious, even Monsieur Neuvillette was shaking his head in shock!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-6 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Anyway, I like Lady Furina, I think she's really pretty, and very worthy of being called an Archon!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine d-6 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' If you are lucky enough to see one of her performances, you'll definitely agree with me! Even if you're sitting in the defendant's chair...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line E1: Arriving at the Court of Fontaine====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-1 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Oh no! I almost forgot! Ahem! While aboard the aquabus, please keep your head, hands, and other body parts, as well as your canes, swords, Kameras, and other personal items, inside the boat at all times!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-1 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' The aquabus operator bears no responsibility whatsoever for any injury or loss incurred as a result of disobeying the rules.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-1 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Umm... maybe it's a bit late for the disclaimer? Anyway, I'm happy you've had an incident-free journey today, and it was my pleasure to serve as your tour guide for this trip. Thank you!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line E2: Arriving at the Court of Fontaine====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-2 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Okay, listen up! We'll be arriving shortly at the final destination of this tour, the Court of Fontaine. Please remember to bring your personal belongings with you, and mind the gap between the deck and platform as you disembark...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-2 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I've heard that in some nations, the locals will make special hand gestures to convey their best wishes to the passengers. But we Melusines don't have any traditions like that.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-2 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' However... some Melusines will doff their hats in the direction of Elynas! Or if they don't have a hat, they'll show their regards with their eyes!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-2 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I hope to see you next time!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line E3: Arriving at the Court of Fontaine====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-3 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' After a long journey, the aquabus has finally arrived at the grand and prosperous Court of Fontaine!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-3 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Please don't forget your personal belongings, and disembark slowly, no need to rush...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-3 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' If you're tired after a long journey and eager to fill that rumbling tummy, I recommend giving Hotel Debord a try!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-3 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Though the food there is crazy expensive and not exactly suitable for Melusines, tourists have always given it great reviews, and sometimes, there are even special performances!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-3 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' For tourists from abroad, it's absolutely worth a trip!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line E4: Arriving at the Court of Fontaine====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-4 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' We've arrived! Has the calm breeze and gentle swaying of the boat made you sleepy?
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-4 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' It's understandable! The aquabus service strives to provide a relaxing journey for all passengers.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-4 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Dozing off to a Melusine commentary with the beautiful sights of Fontaine around you must surely be a recipe for a sweet dream...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-4 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Hmm, maybe I can take a part-time job telling bedtime stories to kids, or... I could just record the tour commentary?
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine e-4 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Leschots' Workshop sells all kinds of curious Clockwork Meka — maybe even custom voice-recording equipment!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line F1: Embarking for Romaritime Station====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-1 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' *yawn*... Okay, I'm back to work! Please take your seats, it's time for our merry departure!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-1 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' This aquabus tour is bound for Romaritime Station, and I'm your tour guide Aeval! I'm here to tell you all about the amazing scenery we'll pass by on the Clementine Line!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-1 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Even though I'm not an expert tour guide, when it comes to interesting stories and important places in Fontaine, I definitely know a thing or two!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-1 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I hope that my commentary will give you a new-found appreciation for this nation, and that you'll be inspired to visit every corner of Fontaine, just like Elphane was!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line F2: Embarking for Romaritime Station====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-2 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' The ferry has set sail! Tour guide Aeval, at your service!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-2 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I'll start by telling you a bit about our destination, Romaritime Harbor! If you've been to the port before, you'll definitely have seen the huge lift.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-2 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I've heard it's no small feat to make one of that scale. Not only that, but it's also designed to work using multiple energy sources!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-2 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' If you know any super rich merchants... uh, that want to build really tall buildings, you can invite them to Fontaine to hire the designers of that lift... or at least the people they taught their craft to!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line F3: An Anecdote About the Clementine Line====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-3 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Lemme tell you a great anecdote about the Clementine Line!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-3 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' When they started designing it, the engineer employed by the [[House of Caspar]] once considered building two waterways, one for passengers and one for cargo.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-3 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' That way, the aquabus would be put to the greatest possible use, and the Clementine Line would become the north-south artery of Fontaine!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-3 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' But the engineer did some additional analysis, and realized that there would be no demand for cargo transport on this line, so the plan was called off...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-3 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' But it's really nice the way it is! Otherwise, there'd be lots of noise spoiling our good mood!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line F4: Embarking for Romaritime Station====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-4 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Hihihi! Hello, passengers, I'm this boat's tour guide, Aeval!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-4 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' "Aquabus Tour Guide of the Year," also, "Ten-Time Winner of Marechaussee Phantom's Annual Attendance Award," "Merusea Village Cultural Brand Ambassador," "Rising Star of the Vasari Passage Business Promotion Partner Program"...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-4 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I'm not telling you all this to show off, I just want to make sure you listen in to my commentary! Getting a quick low-down on Fontaine will make sure you can have fun here, eat well, and buy all the things you want...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine f-4 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' If you like my commentary, please show your appreciation by coming back to the Clementine Line! In the past, I've had passengers ride the aquabus again and again just to hear more of my commentary, hehe!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line G1: A Legend About Elynas====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-1 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Passengers, if you look in the distance, you'll see Elynas, large as a mountain. The hometown of us Melusines, Merusea Village, is right over there. There's a story about our hometown that I really liked growing up...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-1 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' The legends say that long ago, Elynas came to Fontaine, and asked the people: "Is there anything I can do?"
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-1 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' At the time, we Melusines were super tiny, and our hands were even smaller, and we were so sad that we couldn't build houses like everyone else...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-1 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' So the people said in unison: "Then why don't you become the home of the Melusines?"
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-1 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' And thus, Elynas just rolled over right there, and poof! It's been a few hundred years since then.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-1 06.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' When you think about it, everyone in Fontaine and Elynas really is gentle and kind...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line G2: Passing By Elynas====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-2 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' If you'll please look to the west, you'll see a vast mountain in the distance! That's what Elynas turned into after lying down.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-2 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' If some huge creature like Elynas comes to Fontaine again, but isn't as reasonable as Elynas, and causes trouble...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-2 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Then we'll probably subdue it with half the force of Maison Gardiennage! After all, there are a lot of forces protecting Fontaine right now!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-2 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' If you encounter something really dangerous out there in the wild, you can always come to Fontaine for protection!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line G3: A Legend About Beryl Region====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-3 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' The legends say that a long, long time ago, before Elynas had come to Fontaine, the area west of this line was open water, and ships could sail straight to the harbor at the Court of Fontaine...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-3 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Sometimes I also wonder, what would Fontaine be like if Elynas hadn't come?
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-3 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' The Clementine Line wouldn't exist, would it? And I'd have to be something other than a tour guide... maybe a sailor on a merchant ship?
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-3 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' But as it stands, Elynas is still protecting Merusea Village, I really love Elynas, and I also love this job! So no more silly thoughts!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line G4: About Public Release Clockwork Meka====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-4 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Poisson Tunnel is right ahead of us! The success of this project spurred the development of a whole new generation of clockwork technology!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-4 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Having said that, the Fontaine Research Institute is rich and powerful and has access to all the energy they could ever need. By comparison, the clockwork meka that were later made available to ordinary folks aren't nearly as powerful.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-4 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' To reduce the costs of clockwork meka, the manufacturers used much cheaper materials, and made the meka run on energy sources that weren't even close to the Institute's standards...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-4 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' This means that the clockwork meka used by the public can't do too much heavy work, but maybe it's a good thing!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine g-4 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Otherwise, the workers might have to compete with clockwork meka to keep their jobs...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line H1: About an Idea to Deal With the Second Diluvian Period====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-1 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Okay! Our aquabus is now passing through Poisson Tunnel...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-1 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' It's said that to deal with the crisis of the second diluvian period, some people thought about using the tunnel boring tech to hollow out the mountain and build a city inside.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-1 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' But if the water covered the mountain, wouldn't the people inside suffocate? Or were they going to build a super tall tower to breathe through?
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-1 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' A tower like that would need to be super duper huge, and really strong. Even with all the engineers and workers in the country, it would take hundreds of years to finish the work! So, that plan definitely wouldn't work...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line H2: About Fleuve Cendre====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-2 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Coming to this tunnel, I can't help but think of the [[Fleuve Cendre]] in the Court of Fontaine.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-2 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' It's really mysterious and fascinating! Before I switched jobs, there were always surprises every time I went there!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-2 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' The residents there have lots of personality. As soon as they heard I was working for the Marechaussee Phantom, they would line up to talk with me...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-2 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' They showed a real interest in me and my work! Understanding is the basis of friendship, maybe you'll make lots of friends at the Fleuve Cendre too!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line H3: About House of Caspar====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-3 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' "Poisson Tunnel" gets its name from the nearby town of Poisson.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-3 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Poisson has a rich cultural heritage! The success of the aquabus project was largely due to the support of the local House of Caspar.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-3 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' When news of the project first broke, lots of people along the planned line were very worried! But once the House of Caspar said they were participating in the construction, the doubts gradually disappeared.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-3 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' This must be because the House of Caspar is really fair and reliable in how they do things, so everyone really trusts them!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line H4: Kids Were Afraid of Dark Poisson Tunnel====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-4 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' When the Clementine Line was first completed, the lighting in this tunnel was really bad, all dark and creepy, and some younger passengers were so scared they cried!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-4 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Understandable, right? Lots of kids are afraid of the dark!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-4 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' In Fontaine, as long as kids put a Marechaussee Phantom Melusine doll next to their bed, or wear a Marechaussee Phantom pendant, then they won't be scared of the dark.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine h-4 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Why? Because in the fairy tales, the Marechaussee Phantom dispels the phantoms lurking in the darkness!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line I1: About Tour Guides====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-1 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' As the operator of our lines likes to say, we aquabus tour guides carry a huge responsibility!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-1 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Lots of tourists have no idea which shops are worth going to or what local specialties are worth buying. It's up to us to fill them in!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-1 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' If we tour guides do a good job, then everyone in the Court of Fontaine will earn a bunch more Mora! It really motivates me when I think of how my work can have a positive influence on other people's lives.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-1 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Even if there aren't many passengers... and even if I don't actually have that many stories to share... as long as I persist, the results will definitely come with time!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line I2: About a New Kind of Glass Development====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-2 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Okay, I guess we've finally made it through the tunnel! If it was a clear, sunny day, the glare of the sunlight might be causing you to squint right now.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-2 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I heard the engineers are developing a mysterious kind of glass that can soften the light without any impact on your vision. A perfect add-on to your spectacles to help protect your eyes!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-2 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' As for the price, don't worry! Fontaine uses tons of glass produced with the help of clockwork meka. It's light, sturdy, and cheap.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-2 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Maybe you'll be able to see those new products at the Vasari Passage soon.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line I3: About Arkhium====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-3 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Now that we're out of the tunnel, Romaritime Station and the grand lift should be visible not too far away!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-3 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Speaking of the grand lift — [[Edwin Eastinghouse|an engineer]] riding on the aquabus once mentioned a mysterious kind of Arkhium, which can be used to lift up even bigger and heavier things!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-3 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' That engineer even wanted to use that technology to lift up cargo ships from below Romaritime Station, as a way of increasing transportation efficiency...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-3 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' That probably wasn't even a joke! After all, in a place like Fontaine, anything is possible!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line I4: About Earliest Aquabus Designs====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-4 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I heard that the earliest aquabus designs were several times faster than than the current ones. A worker could go from Court to Port before they even finished their coffee!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-4 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' But people soon discovered that there just wasn't much traffic on the Clementine Line. It doesn't matter how fast the aquabus is if it's always coming back empty...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-4 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' So they decided to just reduce the speed, and use the Indemnitium saved for other more pressing needs...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine i-4 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I think that's great! If the aquabus just zipped by all the important scenery, how would I ever have time to finish my commentary?
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line J1: Welcome to Romaritime Station====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-1 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Ding ding ding! Welcome to Romaritime Station, where this tour ends! Thank you for riding with us today, and if you have any suggestions or feedback, please write a letter to the tour operator!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-1 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Sometimes, the letters will be forwarded to me, and I'll read every single one carefully!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-1 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Then next time you ride the Clementine Line, I'll definitely provide even better commentary!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-1 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' And maybe if I get enough good ratings, I'll get a bonus, and then I can treat Elphane to a huge meal...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-1 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Then, when you ride the Navia Line, you'll meet an even happier Elphane!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line J2: Arriving at Romaritime Station====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-2 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' We're now arriving at one of the great gateways of Fontaine, Romaritime Station!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-2 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' If any passengers just want to tour the port below, we'll see each other soon!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-2 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' If you are planning to leave on a ship, then I hope you'll come back to Fontaine to enjoy yourself again someday!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-2 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Oh, and also... Ahem... During your stay, please seize the opportunity to purchase The Steambird! It's available from any newsy around the port, or if you have the time, you can go to the Court of Fontaine and buy even more copies! This is very important!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-2 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Because The Steambird is one of the aquabus's biggest sponsors... Ahem! I mean... Because this newspaper is... a Fontaine national treasure, yes that was it!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line J3: Arriving at Romaritime Station====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-3 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Okay! Attention, passengers, this tour has reached its final stop, Romaritime Station! Seeing everyone safely reach our destination without injury or incident makes me really happy!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-3 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' After leaving the aquabus, please be careful! There are all kinds of people in the harbor, and you don't wanna get yourself kidnapped by some shady character! It's been known to happen. For example, this one time, I...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-3 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Ahem! Finally, even if you are really good with a wind glider, please do not just jump straight down! Using the lift is much safer!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line J4: Arriving at Romaritime Station====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-4 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Great! After a leisurely, relaxing tour, we're finally at the final stop of the Clementine Line, Romaritime Station!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-4 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Please exit the aquabus in an orderly fashion, and don't leave any personal belongings on the boat! If you find that you've left something behind in Fontaine, then even the lost and found won't be able to help you...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-4 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Oh! Also, I also don't recommend buying same-day tickets for the ships, since all the good seats sell out in advance!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-4 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Most of the ships here go to less hospitable overseas ports. You'll want to make sure you're well rested and ready for your onward journey through the desert when you arrive!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine j-4 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' My personal advice? Rest here in a hotel for a few days, and only leave when you've managed to reserve a good cabin on a ship!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line K1: About Alain Guillotin's Kinetic Core====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-1 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' If you look closely, you might notice that a lot of clockwork meka have a helical gear shape printed on them!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-1 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' This means it uses the kinetic core designed by [[Alain Guillotin]]! This kind of core... uhm... let me remember what the tour guidebook said!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-1 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' These cores... "can utilize the power produced by the mutual annihilation of ousia and pneuma energies." Yep! Hmm... what does "annihilation" mean? Is it like being extinguished?
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line K2: About Artificial Intelligence====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-2 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Legend says that the founder of the Fontaine Research Institute, Alain Guillotin, invented [[Seymour|a prototype]] hundreds of years ago that could think and speak, and was even smarter than me!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-2 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Even though nobody knows where that meka is today, legends like this have inspired countless engineers and inventors to try to develop artificial intelligence!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-2 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' So, everyone's made tons of really amazing clockwork meka! I heard there's one model of meka that has gone on to be very successful working in public security!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-2 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Hmm... If there really was a meka smarter than me, and more articulate... would I lose my job?
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line K3: About Second Diluvian Period====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-3 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' There's a certain phrase I hear all the time out on the streets these days: "Fontaine's water level is currently in the second diluvian period."
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-3 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Some people are terrified out of their minds, others have started anxiously looking for ways to protect themselves.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-3 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' The workers and merchants have been promoting a ton of new products, like waterproof safes for use underwater, heavy-duty divesuits, and... I hear they're even building underwater houses...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-3 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Of course, most of those are big, expensive, and really useless! If you ask me, I don't think there's anything to be afraid of.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-3 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Living underwater isn't any more difficult than living on dry land for Melusines! It's just you can't cook hot meals, so that kinda stinks...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line K4: About Lyney and Lynette's Magic Show====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-4 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' One of my favorite things to do in the Court of Fontaine is watching the performances at the Hotel Debord!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-4 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' If you're lucky, you can sometimes get to see the amazing virtuoso magic duo, [[Lyney]] and [[Lynette]]!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-4 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Their magic shows are a feast for the eyes and imagination. Truly second to none in all of Teyvat!
;(If the player has not completed ''[[The City of Rains and Remembrance]]'')
::{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-4 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I'm sure that one day, they'll get to hold a public performance in the Opera Epiclese!
;(If the player has completed ''The City of Rains and Remembrance'')
::{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-4 05.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Lyney and Lynette's magic shows don't cost any more to attend than other performances, but since The Steambird often publicizes the dates in advance, many people spend a fortune to reserve a table...
::{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-4 06.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' *sob* But I can't afford that! I always have to stand in the back and watch from a distance. And the line to take a photo with them is so long, I often end up napping at work the next day...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line K5: About Fontaine Research Institute====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-5 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' We've heard about the Fontaine Research Institute many times during this tour. Interesting fact &mdash; its full name is the Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering! With a name that long, it's gotta be totally amazing!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-5 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' All the experts there are highly accomplished scholars. But unlike the Akademiya in neighboring Sumeru, the Institute focuses all their research on energy and machinery! They're much more specialized, and have a unified direction.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-5 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' They say that the entrance exam questions involve a terrifying amount of calculations... For ordinary people who don't even know how many cuts it would take to divide a Poissonchant Pie into seven pieces, they don't have a chance!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-5 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Of course, the work there is also way harder than most people can imagine! So as Elphane likes to say... "It's not for everyone. Don't force yourself."
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line K6: About Aeval====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-6 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Don't think I'm just a tour guide! In fact, I used to catch evildoers with the Marechaussee Phantom! But because I work so hard, I was promoted to the aquabus!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-6 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Now, I can watch the beautiful scenery along the tracks all day, and even see Elynas. Ah, everyone's been so nice to me.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-6 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' So, I really want to work hard, and make all of my passengers happy! So please, if you have any feedback for me on this trip, feel free to let me know!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line K7: About Elphane====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-7 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' You know, Navia Line's Elphane was actually the ace up the Marechaussee Phantom's sleeve! I hear she caught a ton of criminals for the police, and she's the pride of us Melusines!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-7 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' After I was transferred here, one day, she put on a new uniform, got on this boat, and said: "Since they dared to kick you all the way over here, then I don't have to stay in the Marechaussee Phantom either."
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-7 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Even though we aren't on the same boat, being able to do the same job as Elphane really is wonderful!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line K8: About Sigewinne and Fortress of Meropide====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-8 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Of course, there are also Melusines like [[Sigewinne]]! She works in the Fortress of Meropide taking care of sick and injured people.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-8 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Oh! Maybe you don't already know? The Fortress of Meropide is a place filled with tons of people! Everyone inside works really hard and has a very ordered life.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-8 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Elphane has said that the people living inside maybe don't like Melusines that much... but since you are humans, it should be fine for you to visit!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line K9: About Navia Line and Clementine Line Naming====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-9 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I heard that the builder of the aquabus named the Navia and Clementine Lines after the two most important women in his life.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-9 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Aaaah, humans really are so romantic! It's just like that serial that just ended in The Steambird, "Ganymede's Yearning"...
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-9 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Ahem! I personally recommend that everyone subscribe to The Steambird!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line K10: About Breathing Underwater====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-10 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I only learned recently that most humans can't breathe underwater!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-10 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Apparently, only people with Visions can breathe in Fontaine's water. Most ordinary people need special masks and bottles of air.
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine k-10 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I'm so lucky to be born a Melusine... I can find delicious Tidalga to eat whenever I want! It's great!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line L1: About Melusines====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine l-1 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' In Fontaine, most Melusines work for the Marechaussee!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine l-1 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' This is because we Melusines see the world very differently from humans, and so it's easier for us to find clues and criminals!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine l-1 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' But catching evildoers is really hard, because our legs are shorter than yours, so we can't run as fast as they can.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line L2: About Melusines' Token====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine l-2 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' We Melusines get a special token when we are born, and this is the first memento we get after arriving in this beautiful world, so it's really special!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine l-2 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Every Melusine has a different token! Mine is the shard of a sword, I think it represents courage!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line L3: About Clockwork Toys====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine l-3 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' Clockwork toys are one of the defining ways in which Fontaine's precision machinery has entered daily life! The functions of clockwork toys are always improving!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine l-3 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' If they weren't artificially restricted, some models would be even more powerful than old Gardemeks!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine l-3 03.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' So some smart people will arm the toys with weapons, rewrite their logic, remove the restrictions, and resell them! Pretty amazing, huh?
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine l-3 04.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' For adventurers who often run into evildoers and monsters, toys like this should be really useful, right!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line L4: About a Dishonest Merchant====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine l-4 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' There was a really dishonest merchant who tried to register Monsieur Neuvillette's name as a trademark! The merchant even hired two bigshot lawyers to support their case, the whole city was up in arms!
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine l-4 02.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' But in the end, their application didn't even make it past the Patent Office's acceptance process. Human processes really are complicated...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Clementine Line L5: A Sick Leave Notice====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips aeval tourboat clementine l-5 01.ogg}} '''Aeval:''' I have a stiff neck, my shoulders are super sore, I'm taking the day off to rest... ah! Wait, sorry! I started reading my colleague's sick leave notice by mistake... Uh... Can we Melusines even get stiff necks?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Navia Line===
====Navia Line A1====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-1 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Welcome to the Navia Line, I am Elphane.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-1 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The boat will be departing imminently. Please do not stick your head, hands, or other body parts outside the boat. The aquabus operator is not responsible for any accidents or injuries resulting from doing so.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-1 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Also, please remember to buy The Steambird, though I don't read it myself...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line A2====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-2 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Hello, passengers. I am your tour guide for this trip, Elphane. We are now heading to Erinnyes.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-2 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Many people are tried there and sent to the Fortress of Meropide.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-2 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' But passengers needn't worry. Life in the Fortress of Meropide may be a good thing for certain groups of people.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line A3====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-3 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Ahem! Welcome, passengers from abroad. Tour guide Elphane at your service.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-3 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The destination of this aquabus is Erinnyes. The island experiences rainy weather all year round. I do not know if this is due to the frequent visits of Lady Furina and the Chief Justice.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-3 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' I recommend that all passengers bring a rain coat. If you haven't got one and need to buy one now, don't worry &mdash; the Navia Line runs all day, so you can simply catch the next boat.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line A4====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-4 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The Navia Line aquabus is now departing. My name is Elphane. As you can see, I am an ordinary Melusine tour guide.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-4 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Melusines can see many things that most passengers cannot, so perhaps our commentary will exceed your expectations.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-4 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Even if it is not entirely to your liking, I will continue to read from the prepared commentary material. Thank you for your understanding.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line A5====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-5 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' It is time to depart. In accordance with the "Fontaine Watercraft Transport Regulations," it is not recommended that you bring the following dangerous items onboard the boat...
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-5 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Oh, don't be nervous. I'm just following established procedure, and reading out the regulations. My instincts tell me you don't have any inclinations towards rule-breaking, so you won't need to worry about me.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line A6====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-6 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The aquabus is now departing. Passengers, please prepare for departure. All you need to do is select a comfortable seat in accordance with your preferences, and settle into a relaxing position.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia a-6 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The two lines in operation are leisurely paced medium-speed aquabuses. Even if you have not taken your seat, you are unlikely to lose your balance and fall.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line B1====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-1 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The destination of the current tour is Erinnyes. Points of interest worth visiting include the Fountain of Lucine and the Opera Epiclese.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-1 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If you look to the left in the direction we are currently traveling, you will see the famous Fontaine Research Institute up in the sky. An experiment gone wrong turned new sightseeing opportunity... Human ingenuity truly is a wondrous thing.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line B2====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-2 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The construction of clockwork meka has no restrictions outside of patent law. Other than the Fontaine Research Institute, many private workshops are engaged in researching and building all kinds of clockwork meka.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-2 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Some people will modify existing models, and other criminals will use clockwork meka for theft, robbery, surveillance, and illegal exploration among other activities.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-2 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If you encounter such a situation, please report it to the nearest Marechaussee personnel immediately.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line B3====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-3 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Some people worry that the success of the engineers in improving meka will result in the replacement of humans and Melusines in Fontaine.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-3 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Passengers, these fears are unfounded. Meka have no need for food, clothing, and shelter, nor do they seek happiness and entertainment, and will not spend a single Mora in pursuit of these.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-3 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' In these aspects, we possess advantages that machines cannot hope to surpass.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line B4====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-4 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The Opera Epiclese is next on our route. The main performance stage of the opera house is quite massive, and very elegant.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-4 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Some artists spend a lifetime seeking a single chance to perform there. It's just like the storylines you read about in novels...
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-4 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Perhaps you could consider taking a leaf out of Monsieur Neuvillette's book by defining a long-term goal for your life. It's a great way to keep motivated...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line B5====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-5 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Supposedly, Monsieur Neuvillette also once said: "Water from different basins contains different emotions."&nbsp;...Those may not have been his original words, but that is the general idea.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-5 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The aquabus is now nearing Opera Epiclese. If any passengers wish to follow Monsieur Neuvillette's lead, you may consider tasting the water nearby, and perhaps you may get to taste all the "Flavors of Fontaine."
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line B6====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-6 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' There stands Opera Epiclese, the pinnacle of all professional employment in Fontaine. To join, one must pass rigorous cultural, artistic, etiquette, and legal exams.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia b-6 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Of course, the salary and benefits are also something ordinary people could only dream of. If any passengers are interested, you could consider registering at Palais Mermonia to try your luck.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line C1====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-1 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' We are now approaching our final destination. Please be sure to bring all your personal belongings with you as you disembark.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-1 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Even though I will take any forgotten items to the lost and found, the paperwork is rather annoying, as Melusine hands are not suitable for grasping pens.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-1 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Please be careful when disembarking. It has been my honor to be your tour guide this trip. Thank you.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line C2====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-2 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' We are now arriving at Marcotte Station, where this journey ends.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-2 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Any passengers interested in taking a commemorative photo of their aquabus journey are advised to do so at the Court of Fontaine Station on the Clementine Line.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-2 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' This is because the atmosphere there is much livelier, plus my diligent colleague, Aeval keeps her boat in a much cleaner, photo-ready condition.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-2 04.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' And also... my Melusine hands struggle with holding Kameras...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line C3====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-3 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' We've arrived right on schedule at Marcotte Station, Erinnyes.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-3 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Please take note that cleanliness expectations are high in this area. Littering is heavily penalized, and in some cases may even carry a prison sentence!
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-3 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' So, I caution you against eating anything while enjoying the scenery.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line C4====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-4 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' We have now arrived at Marcotte Station. If any passengers are planning to attend the Opera Epiclese, I recommend that you eat before attending.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-4 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' This is because all food and drinks are banned within the Opera House's premises.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-4 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Even if you did manage to smuggle in some snacks, eating would be the furthest thing from your mind during the climactic moments of the trial. Your eyes will be glued to the stage.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line C5====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-5 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The aquabus has now entered Erinnyes. Welcome to Marcotte Station.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-5 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If you're hoping to meet the two figureheads of the Opera Epiclese, I don't recommend waiting around here. They use their own private transportation, not the aquabus.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-5 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' I doubt this is because they don't wish to associate with the common folk. I suspect they simply don't wish to see their private words and deeds appearing in The Steambird blown out of proportion...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line C6====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-6 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' This is Marcotte Station, the terminal of the Navia Line. It is my duty as a professional tour guide to advise against exploring the ruins of the Fontaine Research Institute.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-6 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Since the incident, there are many unknown hazards in the area, and much unclaimed property belonging to the institute.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia c-6 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' With this said, today's passengers seem to be more up to the challenge than most... Have a pleasant onward journey and enjoy your time here.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line D1====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-1 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Welcome to the Navia Line. This journey will be returning to the Court of Fontaine. I am Elphane, your tour guide for this trip... but I hope you won't mind if my commentary fails to do justice to the majestic views before your eyes.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-1 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Anyway, the destination of this tour is the capital city of this nation, the Court of Fontaine. Even the critic who once compared the city to a "Cage of Stone and Steel" could not deny its aesthetic appeal.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line D2====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-2 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The aquabus will be departing now. Passengers, please take your seats. If you have any large items of luggage, these can be placed on top of vacant seats &mdash; don't worry about taking up space, this boat has never been filled to capacity yet...
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-2 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Once, the barge for Opera Epiclese employees broke down, and many of them took the aquabus home from work. That was the most passengers we've ever had, and even then there were still plenty of empty seats left over.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line D3====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-3 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Many Melusines think that the rain is quite warm. At first, humans couldn't understand this, but after co-existing for a long time, we have become more understanding of one another.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-3 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Now, some humans don't use umbrellas on rainy days, and there are Melusines who try to avoid getting caught in the rain... Anyway, this open-decked aquabus is now departing.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-3 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If it starts raining during our journey, please try to remain open-minded...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line D4====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-4 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The Navia Line aquabus will now be setting sail. The security standards of the terminal station, the Court of Fontaine, are quite stringent.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-4 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If you have a criminal record and are still designated as "Fiche S" by the Maison Gardiennage, you will be placed under surveillance by an agent the moment you set foot in the city.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-4 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If in the future you end up appearing on the stage of the Opera Epiclese, all your words and actions can be used as evidence against you in your trial.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line D5====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-5 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The aquabus will arrive in the Court of Fontaine to the wonderful aroma of freshly brewed coffee.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-5 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Cafés are very important locations in Fontaine. They are where intellectuals and artists gather, and people can often overhear them discussing deep and meaningful topics.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-5 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If you are willing to make up a few words or concepts and join in on their conversations, you may even be able to discover some useful intel.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line D6====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-6 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Hello, passengers. I am tour guide Elphane, and this tour is destined for the Court of Fontaine.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-6 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Whether you wish to study the most current and fashionable avant-garde art in Teyvat, or traditional and conservative classical art, Fontaine is the premiere destination...
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia d-6 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Whether you can tell the difference between the two, and avoid being led astray by the charlatans in the city, is, however, a separate matter...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line E1====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia e-1 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' To the right of the aquabus, suspended in mid-air, is Fontaine's renowned Research Institute.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia e-1 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' I hear the employees there do crazy overtime regardless of rank or distinction. I'm not sure if that had anything to do with the incident...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line E2====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia e-2 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Looking left from your current position, you have possibly the very best view of the Opera Epiclese in all of Fontaine. Such beauty and magnificence... Monsieur Neuvillette truly chose to spend our Mora wisely!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line E3====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia e-3 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' In theory, clockwork meka are very precise instruments, and the experts from the institute frequently stress that they must be handled with care... but if there's a problem, just give 'em a good hard kick or two, and it'll often be super effective.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line E4====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia e-4 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Other than the two aquabus lines currently running, and a line that ceased operations due to an accident, there were originally two more planned aquabus lines.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia e-4 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' But after yet another incident, the final two lines were canceled altogether...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line E5====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia e-5 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' An article said the south side of this line shows "the order of law," while the north shows "the advance of science." But if you ask me, that article was just trying to create opposition between the two.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line E6====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia e-6 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' I was actually on track to earn an employment position at the Opera Epiclese, but I gave up that opportunity due to a colleague I care greatly about, and opted for this line of work.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line F1====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-1 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Excellent, we've reached the terminal station. Please prepare to disembark...
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-1 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' I don't mean to hurry you, but there are just so many attractions in the Court of Fontaine worth visiting. I recommend that you begin sightseeing as soon as possible, so you encounter as many of these treasures as you can...
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-1 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' As for me, I might use this opportunity for a rest. Maybe I'll go to Arouet's for a cup of coffee... Even tour guides need a pick-me-up now and then...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line F2====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-2 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Here we are back in the stately Court of Fontaine. Please bring your personal belongings with you when exiting the craft.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-2 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' For any passengers in the mood for a shopping spree, Bertin's House of Curiosities and Damoville Purveyor are both excellent options with a wide variety of Fontaine's specialty goods available.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-2 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' But if you're low on Mora like me, you might find shops looking for helpers at the Vasari Passage.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-2 04.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Some pay by the day, and their wages are very fair, so you'll have a steady income in no time.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line F3====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-3 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' We have arrived at the final stop of this tour, the Court of Fontaine. If you're looking to get up-to-speed on the latest local news, I recommend a quick trip to the newsstand. All kinds of information ends up there.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-3 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' But don't hang around staring at other people too much, or you'll look like you're on the lam... The Special Security and Surveillance Patrol will be on your case in no time.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line F4====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-4 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' This tour of the Navia Line has now ended. When exiting the station, please avoid speaking with any reporters claiming to be from The Steambird.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-4 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' As an outsider, it may be difficult for you to tell whether they really are reporters.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-4 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Some people merely wish to exploit your status as "tourists from abroad" to write sensationalized tabloid stories, and aren't worth your time.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line F5====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-5 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The aquabus will be arriving at the station soon... you seem not to have brought much luggage? If have any later plans for long-term travel, you can drop by Beaumont Workshop, and speak with Miss Estelle.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-5 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Perhaps she'll be able to create a particularly sturdy suitcase for you, which can not only hold items, but also serve as a shield and weapon...
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-5 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If I am not mistaken, the latter will be of the greatest use to you.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line F6====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-6 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The aquabus is now arriving in the prosperous Court of Fontaine...
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-6 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' I recommend giving the Northland Bank a wide berth, as you may be dragged into business ventures. They call it "getting rich quick," but in reality, it's simply "crime".
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-6 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' After all, banks are experts at handing out loans and preying on the poor and vulnerable.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia f-6 04.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Here's hoping that all passengers are fabulously wealthy and scrupulously moral, so that you are immune to temptation.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line G1====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-1 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The people of Fontaine say that the Fountain of Lucine can grant wishes. The custom is to toss Mora into the fountain.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-1 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' But really, if the fountain truly had some kind of spirit, and they could just sit there all day and rake in the Mora... Anyway, the Fountain of Lucine is a very popular tourist attraction. You should consider a visit.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line G2====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-2 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The Fontaine Research Institute is researching a unique energy system based on ousia and pneuma, and has engineered many types of meka and equipment that run on this energy source.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-2 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' From an engineering perspective, this energy can be found in every part of Fontaine, and can even be occasionally found in living beings.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-2 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If it can be improved and optimized, it will surely propel Fontaine to even greater heights... assuming they can solve the problems with it being incredibly unstable.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line G3====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-3 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Many tourists are especially fond of Fontaine's specialty perfumes. Of these, those containing "Marcotte" are among the most popular, as they are excellent value for money.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-3 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' However, these perfumes may cause unusual behavior in pets. Many cases of cat scratches and excessive dog barking have been reported.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-3 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Based on personal experiences... I strongly recommend being extremely cautious with the quantity used.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line G4====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-4 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The choices of ingredients for Fontaine's famous seafood soup are as varied as the cooking styles, and it is one of the most iconic dishes in all of Fontaine cuisine.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-4 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' However, it is not suitable for travel, and consumption of it has been prohibited by law on the aquabus, in the Opera, in public bathrooms, and in other public areas... *burp* Excuse me...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line G5====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-5 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' In the past, there were rumors that criminal gangs were using ads in The Steambird to communicate using secret codes.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-5 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' This rumor greatly increased the circulation of The Steambird and the attention people paid to the ads, and we even investigated a number of stores and workshops... Anyway, I recommend subscribing to The Steambird.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line G6====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-6 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Bulle Fruit is a fruit found only in Fontaine. Slightly sour, a bit sweet, and extremely juicy, it is a great snack for normal humans.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-6 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' But, we Melusines are extremely sensitive to sour-tasting things... I once saw someone who'd committed a felony try to use Bulle Fruit as a bribe, and they were severely punished... hmph!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line G7====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-7 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Fontaine's land area was once greater than what it is now, but the diluvian periods have caused many places to become permanently submerged under water...
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-7 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' But for us Melusines, it doesn't really matter. We can breathe underwater, and some homes in Merusea Village were built underwater to begin with.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line G8====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-8 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Many of Fontaine's signature dishes use large quantities of flour, cream, and butter, and the moment they enter your mouth is one of pure satisfaction. But soon after, you will feel quite sleepy, so they are not suitable for breakfast, should you have to work.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia g-8 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Of course, you needn't worry about that.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line I1====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-1 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The law enforcement agencies of Fontaine are the Maison Gardiennage and the Marechaussee Phantom. The former handles most public security matters, while the latter handles trickier criminal cases...
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-1 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Or at least, that's the official explanation. I wouldn't recommend looking into it too closely, lest counterintelligence operatives take an interest in you.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line I2====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-2 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Professional reporters who take their responsibilities seriously are highly respected in Fontaine, for example... Miss Charlotte, who is always in the thick of it. She is a fervent and vocal believer in fact-based news reporting.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-2 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Sometimes she dances on the edges of the law to get the information she wants, but she treads that line quite expertly. Over time, she's become quite friendly with several members of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line I3====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-3 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If any passengers are unfortunate enough to become a target of the Marechaussee Phantom, the best course of action is to simply leave Fontaine until things quiet down.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-3 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' It's not easy to shake them, and they are absolutely merciless, even to their own.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-3 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Even "stupidity" is an unforgivable sin in their eyes, so don't even think about committing any crimes...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line I4====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-4 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If something terrible happens, and you end up facing a trial, there is one way out: File an objection before the trial, and demand a "duel."
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-4 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If you defeat the Champion Duelist, you will clear your name and all charges will be dropped. Then, there'll be no need for a trial.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-4 03.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' But something tells me that in your case... the opposing party would likely send out Lady Clorinde, the "Imbattable."
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-4 04.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If you ever had to face her, my only advice would be... Your life is worth more than victory in a duel.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line I5====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-5 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The submerged old city of the Court of Fontaine lies in the waters nearby. The underwater ruins are quite convoluted, so if you would like to go exploring, stay on your guard and be sure to bring reliable equipment.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line I6====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-6 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' I've heard of a skilled diver by the name of Freminet who is as at ease in the water as most people are on land. Some say that he can swim effortlessly in regions where even the fish struggle.
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-6 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' I have no idea what rate an amazing diver like him would charge for his services... but maybe he doesn't accept private commissions?
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line I7====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-7 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Sometimes I wonder how much easier work might be if I had a special body like Sigewinne...
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia i-7 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' At the very least, I'd no longer need to struggle with a pen and paper to write up my reports. I could just use a typewriter instead.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H1====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-1 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' For passengers who enjoy swimming, please avoid areas with large quantities of fish. Fontaine is home to many unique fish species, some of which may turn a pleasant dip in the sea into a very painful encounter that your body's not likely to forget...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H2====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-2 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' I was planning to take the day off today due to a "toe sprain"... before I was reminded that Melusines don't actually have toes. Sometimes I think the human body is much better suited to working life than that of the Melusine...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H3====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-3 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' In addition to the Navia and Clementine Lines, there was originally a Callas Line as well, which led to the Fontaine Research Institute. For readily apparent reasons, service on that line has been suspended indefinitely.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H4====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-4 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' There aren't many stops on the Navia Line. If passengers see something they are interested in, and wish to jump off into the water...
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-4 02.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Then please pay attention to your safety. The operator of the aquabus bears no legal responsibility for such actions.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H5====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-5 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Lemme think, interesting places in Fontaine... Oh, there's also the underground Fleuve Cendre. The terrain is not the most hospitable to travelers, but there's a lot of useful items and information to be gained there.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H6====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-6 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Please bear in mind that passengers with pets should take extra caution when traveling to the Fleuve Cendre. If you lose your pet there, getting it back may be impossible...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H7====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-7 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Though the residents of Fleuve Cendre don't live in the most glamorous conditions, they have a wealth of practical life wisdom. I quite enjoyed the time I spent there in my previous job.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H8====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-8 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The Fortress of Meropide is a pretty good place. People there don't have to worry about storms, politics, income, or rent. It's just very difficult to leave, that's all.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H9====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-9 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' When I was working at my last job, an engineer once asked me to be a "hand model," so that they could improve the "melusine ergonomics" of a bunch of their tools, but I don't know if they've made any progress...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H10====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-10 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The Special Security and Surveillance Patrol often speaks of the elegance and excellence of pistolets, but we Melusines can't use them... one look at our hands should be enough to tell why!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H11====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-11 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' In the past, some passengers have asked how to become a permanent resident of Fontaine, it's actually quite easy... just find a Gardemek on the street, and pick a fight with it. It doesn't matter whether you win or lose.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H12====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-12 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If you're looking for a legitimate means of moving to Fontaine... then of course, the best way is to find an officially recognized occupation. Unfortunately, picking up odd jobs near the Fleuve Cendre doesn't count.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H13====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-13 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' You might have noticed that it's always me or Aeval on duty whenever you take the aquabus, but in fact there are two clockwork meka that look exactly like us that sometimes fill in for us instead... hahaha... No? Not funny?
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H14====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-14 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' The aquabus operator often accepts ads, probably because the tickets are free, but they still need to pay their employees... do you have any advertisement needs?
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H15====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-15 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' One thing to note about The Steambird is that the quality of their articles can be very inconsistent. The good ones are amazing, while the bad ones are simply unreadable. Don't believe everything you read &mdash; sometimes, an article is so bad that even Aeval can tell it's a whole lot of hogwash...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H16====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-16 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Normally, once the operator has taken an advertiser's money, we must include them in our commentary. But no matter how well we promote them, Aeval and I don't get a cut... So take what I say with a pinch of salt.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H17====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-17 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' Lepaute Horlogerie makes very good watches. They're accurate, look gorgeous, and are worth every Mora. But if you wear them while doing any kind of rough work, you have to look after them very carefully...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H18====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-18 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If you encounter weirdos selling souvenirs, and you accidentally hit them a couple of times... don't worry too much, this kind of situation is generally considered self-defense.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Navia Line H19====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tips elphane tourboat navia h-19 01.ogg}} '''Elphane:''' If you hear some news like "Armchair Detective Solves Huge Case," pay it no heed. It's most likely made up by the Salon Caritat, they're always clamoring for a reduction in the budget of the Maison Gardiennage...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|Aquabus Soundtracks|header=the Aquabus|type=location}}

==Trivia==
* The aquabus lines are named after [[Callas]], the previous president of the [[Spina di Rosula]], as well as his wife [[Clementine]] and his daughter [[Navia]].
* The hometown of the person who built the Clementine line is Poisson, as mentioned by Aeval. They may also be the one who built the other lines.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Aeval}}</ref>
* There is no confirmation as to who built the aquabus lines, all hints only pointing to either Callas or an unrelated person who may have close ties to Spina di Rosula's leading family.
* The "{{W|Fiche S}}" mentioned in "Navia Line D4" is a real life indicator used by France's law enforcement and intelligence agency.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Aquabus
|zhs     = 巡轨船
|zhs_rm  = Xúnguǐ-chuán
|zht     = 巡軌船
|zht_rm  = Xúnguǐ-chuán
|zh_tl   = Rail-Circuiting Boat
|ja      = 巡水船
|ja_rm   = Junsui-sen
|ja_tl   = Water-Circuiting Boat
|ko      = 레일 보트
|ko_tl   = Rail Boat
|es      = Ferribús
|es_tl   = Ferry Bus
|es_note = {{w|Portmanteau}} of {{Es|ferri|ferry}} and {{Es|autobús|bus}}
|fr      = Aquebus
|fr_tl   = Aquabus
|ru      = Аквабус
|th      = เรือราง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tàu Luân Chuyển
|vi_tl   = Circulating Boat
|de      = Aquabus
|id      = Aquabus
|pt      = Hidrônibus
|pt_tl   = Hydrobus
|tr      = Feribüs
|tr_tl   = Ferry
|it      = Acquabus
|it_tl   = Aquabus
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.8|4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox|Fontaine}}

[[es:Ferribús]]
[[fr:Aquebus]]
[[ja:巡水船]]
[[ru:Аквабус]]