{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Arakawa Kouji.png
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Oni
|title            = Ancient Samurai's Spirit
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Arakawa Kouji''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in [[Yae Miko]]'s Story Quest [[Divina Vulpes Chapter]], Act I: [[The Great Narukami Offering]].

==Profile==
Arakawa is an [[oni]] who eventually died and his memories were accumulated in the [[Sacred Sakura]]. After the [[rifthounds]] damaged the tree's roots, memories such as Arakawa's eventually coalesced into a spirit. One of these [[youkai]] spirits, a Daiyouko named [[Urakusai]], possessed the human Tomoyuki to help him write a best-selling novel called "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits", in which he intentionally left behind a ritual that would call forth youkai spirits that would help their summoners.

The Katou brothers, wishing to create a dojo of their own, performed the ritual and summoned Arakawa, who possessed [[Katou Shingo]]. Arakawa helped Shingo defeat [[Domon]]'s best disciple, but when [[Konda Densuke]] served him fried tofu, Arakawa instinctively gagged and left to meditate underneath a waterfall near [[Konda Village]] to improve Shingo's manliness. [[Yae Miko]] and the [[Traveler]], who had been informed by Shingo's brother [[Katou Youhei|Youhei]], found him and threw salt, forcing Arakawa's spirit out. Since Youhei had also summoned Arakawa, he was about to possess him, but he fainted. Taking notice of the Traveler, he then challenged them to a duel and was bested. Content with the battle, he passed on peacefully.

===Personality===
Based on the memory that was formed from the Sacred Sakura, Arakawa enjoyed fighting and took pride in his skills, hoping to help Shingo become more manly. After facing the Traveler, he was delighted in their skills and passed on peacefully.

As an oni, he despises tofu.

===Appearance===
From the memories that he was formed from, he took on the appearance of a [[Kairagi]].

<!--
==Trivia==
==Other Languages==
-->
==Quests and Events==
{{Quest Appearances}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Arakawa Kouji
|zhs     = 荒川幸次
|zhs_rm  = Huāngchuān Xìngcì
|zht     = 荒川幸次
|zht_rm  = Huāngchuān Xìngcì
|ja      = 荒川幸次
|ja_rm   = Arakawa Kouji
|ko      = 아라카와 코우지
|ko_rm   = Arakawa Ko'uji
|es      = Arakawa Kouji
|fr      = Arakawa Kouji
|ru      = Аракава Кодзи
|th      = Arakawa Kouji
|vi      = Arakawa Kouji
|de      = Arakawa Kouji
|id      = Arakawa Kouji
|pt      = Arakawa Kouji
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->