{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|group            = Aranara
|image            = NPC Aramuhukunda.png
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|deceased         = Returned to [[Irminsul|Sarva]] at the end of ''[[For All Children Who Long for Life]]''
}}
'''Aramuhukunda''' is an [[Aranara]] and quest-exclusive [[NPC]]. He is a historical figure of the Aranara, who repaired the [[Varuna Contraption]] alongside [[Aradasha]] and [[Traveler's Sibling|Nara Varuna]]. It is learned later in the {{Quest|Aranyaka}} that Aramuhukunda turned into a [[Vasara Tree]] to seal [[Marana's Avatar]]. He was the first Aranara to sprout from one of many pomegranate seeds borne by the [[Fane of Ashvattha|Ashvattha Tree]].<ref name="FFSAT">{{Ref/Quest|For Fruits, Seeds, and Trees}}</ref>

==Profile==
Aramuhukunda is the oldest Aranara in Teyvat and the first Aranara to ever exist. He was the first to sprout from the seeds of the Ashvattha Tree's pomegranates after it was created by [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata|Queen Aranyani]]. Aramuhukunda's Ararakalari allowed him to use Sarva to teleport through the forest in a flash.

Aramuhukunda meets the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] during the [[Festival Utsava]], standing on top of a tall leaf above the rest of [[Vanarana (Subarea)|Mahavanaranapna]]. After thanking them for allowing him to see Vanarana's dreamscape once more, he explains to them the true nature of the Bija fruit. Like his younger kin, he gifts them [[Nameless Flower|a flower]] and learns the custom remains among his kin. He tells the Traveler that he gave flowers to [[Traveler's Sibling|Nara Varuna]] during the last Festival Utsava, alongside his friends [[Araja]], [[Araji]] and [[Arapacati]]. After thanking them for accepting his flower, Aramuhukunda leaves, disappearing in front of them. He can later be seen among the crowd during the concert that finishes the Festival.

Later on, after the empowered [[Arama]] used [[Aradasha]]'s Ararakalari to destroy a regenerating Ruin Grader, the Traveler and his companions fell deep beneath Old Vanarana, in a peaceful place, the old home of Aramuhukunda, which had drawings of his and his people's time with [[Traveler's Sibling|Nara Varuna]]. After Arama rested and realized where he was, Aramuhukunda appeared before him and the Traveler. After praising Arama for his bravery and thanking the Traveler for adding his flower to their crown, Aramuhukunda reveals to them that he is the final seal of [[Marana's Avatar]]. Trusting his newfound friends, Aramuhukunda undoes the seal to allow them through and has a final conversation with Arama, praising his desire to become the new [[Fane of Ashvattha|Ashvattha Tree]]. He tells the group that he's realized his time to return to [[Irminsul|Sarva]] has finally come, making him very happy.

When the Traveler reaches the [[Land of Grounded Dreams]], Arama reveals to them that during the calamity, Aramuhukunda turned into a Vasara Tree to seal Marana's Avatar, but the last 500 years had severely corroded him. His withered trunk becomes the site of Arama and the Traveler's fight with Marana's Avatar.

Once the Avatar was slain and Arama became the new Ashvattha Tree, Aramuhukunda returned to Sarva. This dispelled the magic that protected his home, which was promptly flooded by the sands.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
* In ''[[Memory of Stone]]'', Aranakula says "Thank Aramuhukunda!", referring to Aramuhukunda in the way that real-world people might refer to God.
===Etymology===
* Aramuhukunda may be named after {{W|Muchukunda|King Muchukunda}}, an ancestor of {{W|Rama}} in Hindu mythology. According to the {{W|Mahabharata|''Mahabharata''}} epic, Muchukunda fought alongside the {{W|Deva (Hinduism)|gods}} against the demonic {{w|asura}}s, before retiring to a cave where he fell into a deep slumber.
** Aramuhukunda giving power to [[Arama]] was probably also a reference to this, as Arama may be named after Rama.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Aramuhukunda
|zhs     = 兰穆护昆达
|zhs_rm  = Lánmùhùkūndá
|zht     = 蘭穆護昆達
|zht_rm  = Lánmùhùkūndá
|ja      = アランムフクンダ
|ja_rm   = Aranmufukunda
|ko      = 아란무후쿤다
|es      = Aramuhukunda
|fr      = Aramuhukunda
|ru      = Арамухукунда
|th      = Aramuhukunda
|vi      = Aramuhukunda
|de      = Aramuhukunda
|id      = Aramuhukunda
|pt      = Aramuhukunda
|tr      = Aramuhukunda
|it      = Aramuhukunda
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}