{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Arataki Itto
|id             = 368144
|image          = Character Arataki Itto Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Arataki Itto''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
* I, Arataki Itto...
* An Onikabuto match...
* The Arataki Gang...
* My boys...
* Let's go have some fun...

When the player is nearby:

* You're here! Finally!
* Welcome back!

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo itto mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You're here, (Traveler)! Finally!
:{{A|vo itto mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Welcome to stronghold numero two of the Arataki Gang, haha!
:{{DIcon}} Are you settling in okay?
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Uh... is that a trick question? This is me we're talking about...
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Send me anywhere in the world — anywhere at all — and I guarantee you I'd be able to live there.
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I've slept on the streets, down at the dock, deep in the forest... Pretty much everywhere! Of course, comfort-wise, the cells at the Police Station are up there at the top of the list.
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That was all before I met you, though.
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' This place is something else! In fact, I'm gonna go on the record and say that the comfort level here is like 10... No, what am I saying — 100 prison cells rolled into one!
::{{DIcon}} I don't want it to be like any number of prison cells!
:::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship1 06a 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Why not? They're great!
:::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship1 06a 2.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Anyway, look me in the eyes, and listen up, okay? This place is awesome!
::{{DIcon}} You flatter me!
:::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship1 06b 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Haha! Seriously though, I'm just telling it how it is. I think we're past the point where we need to be polite to each other all the time.
:::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship1 06b 2.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' If it's okay with you, I might actually make this my main pad. It's a sweet deal, I'm pretty psyched at the idea of crashing here every night...
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Anyway... point made, boom. I'm not gonna drag it out like some... granny at a tea party.
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But the code of the streets says I should find a way to express my, uh, you know, gratitude... but, I know... I—I can be your bouncer here!

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Do you have time for a chat?
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' <nowiki>*sigh*</nowiki>... Argh... where do I start...
::{{DIcon}} What's happened?
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I've been doing some thinking over the last couple of days about how I keep losing my Onikabuto fights, and, well... I'm starting to think that maybe I should just give it up now.
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Maybe it's time to make a clean break, you know? To stop wasting my time on things which just don't matter.
::{{DIcon}} You mean you're...
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You bet — I'm giving up Onikabuto fights for good! From this day forward, it's Fireflies all the way, baby!
::{{DIcon}} Maybe the issue isn't about the bugs...
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 05a 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Not about the bugs... like how? Are you saying I should go for a boar instead? Or a bird maybe? Nah... too much hard work!
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 05a 2.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You do you have a point though — swapping out one kind of bug for another won't necessarily improve my odds of winning...
::{{DIcon}} Maybe it's to do with the people you're playing with...
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 05b 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The people? Nah! No way. Not possible!
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 05b 2.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The kids I battle with might talk a whole lot, and sure, there's a few pranksters among them — but they're no cheaters!
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Anyway, whatever. At the end of the day, I just haven't found the bug for me. Ugh, seems like you can't go looking for a strong companion, you've gotta wait for the right one to come along...
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Luckily for me, you're not like them at all: You and I are like an absolute powerhouse together!
::{{DIcon}} ...Also, I'm not a bug!!!
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahaha, right, there's that too! I was just kidding, of course. My mind never even went there.
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' If we ever got into a situation where a fight was unavoidable, naturally I'd be the one to take it for the team.
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' All you'd have to do is stand back and root for me. At the top of your voice, you know, really giving it all you've got. When it comes to the atmosphere, you've gotta go big or go home!
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Haha... All we're missing now is a catchy chant...
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ummm... Okay, okay, I think I got something: "Arataki Itto, the strongest in his class! Meet him on the street-o, he'll make you kiss his feet-o!"
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Sound good? Haha. Alright, let's practice it together now!

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey! Perfect timing. There's something I need to talk to you about. Something important. Has to be face to face.
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So this, uh, Adventurers' Guild — what kind of things do they do? And which tasks do you normally take?
::{{DIcon}} You want to join the Adventurers' Guild?
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hah, me? No way!
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You gotta be there, what, every other day? They seem to work you pretty hard, so...
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I'mma put my boys on the case! Many hands make light work and all that, y'know...
::{{DIcon}} Oh right... You want to help me.
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 06a 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Wait, what do you mean, "oh right"!? C'mon, that's hurtful, where's the enthusiasm?
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 06a 2.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Next time, I don't wanna hear "oh right, Itto wants to help." I wanna hear "darn right, Itto wants to help"! Got it?
::{{DIcon}} Thank you...
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 06b 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ahem... I was hoping for more of a "sorry, I didn't ask you to help, Itto" than a "thank you"!
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 06b 2.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I know you've asked other people for help in the past, so why not me, huh? What's that about?
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I see you as a member of the Arataki Gang! You do know that, don't you?
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Every single member of my gang is like family to me. And, you know... same goes for you.
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That makes this a family matter, you get it? Which means, leave it to Itto!
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Don't you worry now, I've got your back wherever you go. Whether you're cruising the city or wandering the wilds, my boys will be there!
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ah, except... only in Inazuma. How am I supposed to protect you if you leave?
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hah! Guess it's time for the Arataki Gang to start expanding into other nations!
::{{DIcon}} Don't worry about me, I can look after myself!
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Haha, that's the spirit! That's what makes you part of my crew.
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Guess that settles it then. When I'm not around, promise me you'll carry on being a champ and living life to the max.
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And when I say being a champ — that means kicking some serious butt, alright? I don't care if you're playing card games or you're brawling — no losing! Not to anyone!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Itto!
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Good morning, (Traveler)! It really is — seriously, I slept like a baby last night, so I am feeling prett-tay pumped this morning!
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So, what're you up to today, huh? Need my help with anything? Whatever it is, just say the word and Itto is on the case!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Goodnight, Itto.
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Wait... what? You're hitting the hay already?
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Come on, sleep is for the weak! Not champions like you and I! You wanna play some Hide-and-Seek?
::{{A|vo itto mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Playing at night takes it to a whole other level. Seriously, I'm preparing to go full oni on you here — so make sure you find a good hiding spot, capiche!?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Summer Night's Recollection===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq itto fiesta 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh boy, you did not disappoint. This festive street is exactly my scene!
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq itto fiesta 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' ...Time to get serious, though. Let's pick a stall and go head-to-head, winner takes it all!
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq itto fiesta 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The loser has to, uhh... has to run around the place three times while shouting to the winner, "All Hail, King of the Festival!"
{{Dialogue end}}

===Jade Wilds===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq itto inazumawild 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Whoa, check it out, this looks just like Granny Oni's place...
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq itto inazumawild 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Pretty sweet. The scenery's really makin' my day!
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq itto inazumawild 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Let's go kick back in the shade. I'll tell you all my epic tales from roaming the wilds of Inazuma!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Итто/Компаньон]]