{{Item Infobox
|id           = 220051
|image        = Item Arataki's Great and Glorious Drum.png
|type         = Gadgets
|invCategory  = Gadgets
|group        = Music Gadgets
|quality      = 4
|effect       = Allows the player to play music.
|description  = A musical instrument that can be used in performances.<br>A small drum that [[Itto]] gave you. He bought it from an outlander merchant, and while it does look quite normal, it is said to be a relic left behind by an ancient and powerful onmyouji who used it to drive out calamity and pray for blessings.<br>It would cost an ordinary person a large sum if they were to wish to possess this, but the price may be negotiated if one has some connection to the drum.<br>And wouldn't you know it? An 8,000,000 [[Mora]] treasure was eventually purchased for 80,000. What a steal for Itto, eh?
|source1      = [[The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival]] Event
|event        = The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival
|reusable     = Yes
|usage        = Quick Use
|memento      = Yes
}}
'''Arataki's Great and Glorious Drum''' is a [[Gadget]] that can be obtained during the [[The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival]] Event. It can be obtained by getting Dulcem on [[Termination of Desires]].

==Usage==
The drum can be played on PC using either the keyboard or the mouse. On the keyboard, "ka" on the left is mapped to {{key|A}} and on the right is mapped to {{key|L}}, and "don" on the left is mapped to {{key|S}} and on the right is mapped to {{key|K}}.

With an Xbox controller, "ka" on the left is mapped to {{key|xb-lb}} and on the right is mapped to {{key|xb-rb}}, and "don" on the left is mapped to {{key|d-left}} and on the right is mapped to {{key|xb-b}}.

With a PlayStation controller, "ka" on the left is mapped to {{key|ps-l1}} and on the right is mapped to {{key|ps-r1}}, and "don" on the left is mapped to {{key|d-left}} and on the right is mapped to {{key|ps-c}}.

==Disclaimer==
There is a disclaimer in-game regarding the use of the drum:
:When using the Performance function, please make sure that you use an original composition or have the relevant rights to use the melody you are playing in order to avoid harming the rights of any third parties and to avoid any actions in breach of or incompatible with our Terms of Service. Otherwise, we may have to restrict your use of this function.<br>Additionally, the content you perform can be heard and used by other players using this in-game function. Please read and confirm that you acknowledge the aforementioned stipulations.

==Preview==
{{Preview
|file=Item Arataki's Great and Glorious Drum
}}

==Trivia==
* The buttons on Arataki's Great and Glorious Drum, "don" and "ka," are syllables that represent drum strokes in {{w|kuchi shoga|''kuchi shouga''}}, an educational musical notation for traditional Japanese drums, particularly the {{w|taiko}} and {{w|tsuzumi}}.
** ''Don'' typically means a deep, sustained sound from the center of the taiko, and ''ka'' means a sharp tap on the rim of the taiko.
* In Japanese, the buttons instead read {{ja|ポン|rm=pon}} and {{ja|タッ|rm=ta'}} respectively, to reflect that the instrument is a tsuzumi, which is a much smaller hand drum.
** {{ja|ポン|rm=Pon}} refers to a stroke on the center of the drumhead, and {{ja|タッ|rm=ta'}} describes a tap on the side of the drum.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Arataki's Great and Glorious Drum
|zhs     = 荒泷・盛世豪鼓
|zhs_rm  = Huānglóng - Shèngshì Háo Gǔ
|zht     = 荒瀧・盛世豪鼓
|zht_rm  = Huānglóng - Shèngshì Háo Gǔ
|zh_tl   = Arataki - Great and Prosperous Drum
|ja      = 荒瀧・盛世豪鼓
|ja_rm   = Arataki - Seisei Gouko
|ja_tl   = Arataki - Great and Prosperous Drum
|ko      = 아라타키・천하제일의 북
|ko_rm   = Arataki - Cheonhajeil-ui Buk
|ko_tl   = Arataki - Top Ultra-Luxury Drum
|es      = Sublime y glorioso tambor de Arataki
|es_tl   = Arataki's Sublime and Glorious Drum
|fr      = Tambourin harmonieux d'Arataki
|fr_tl   = Arataki's Harmonious Tambourine
|ru      = Грандиозный барабан Аратаки
|ru_tl   = Grandiose Arataki Drum
|th      = กลองโห่ร้อง Arataki
|th_rm   = Klong Ho Rang Arataki
|th_tl   = Arataki Cheer Drum
|vi      = Trống Arataki Đệ Nhất
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Aratakis große und spektakuläre Trommel
|de_tl   = Arataki's Great and Spectacular Drum
|id      = Drum Arataki yang Paling Hebat dan Paling Keren
|id_tl   = Arataki The Great and The Coolest Drum
|pt      = Tambor Glorioso de Arataki
|pt_tl   = Glorious Arataki's Drum
|tr      = Arataki'nin Büyük ve Görkemli Davulu
|tr_tl   = Arataki's Great and Glorious Drum
|it      = Grande e glorioso tamburo di Arataki
|it_tl   = Arataki's Great and Glorious Drum
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Gadget Navbox}}

[[es:Sublime y glorioso tambor de Arataki]]
[[fr:Tambourin harmonieux d'Arataki]]
[[ja:荒瀧・盛世豪鼓]]
[[pt-br:Tambor Glorioso de Arataki]]
[[ru:Грандиозный барабан Аратаки]]
[[th:กลองโห่ร้อง Arataki]]