{{Event Tabs
|gallery  = false
}}

==Arataki Blazing Armor Beetle Battle Boot Camp!==
{{Transclude|Arataki Blazing Armor Beetle Battle Boot Camp!|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Provisionally Perpetual Beetle Battle!==
{{Transclude|Provisionally Perpetual Beetle Battle!|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Challenges==
===I: Is There Some Profound, Mysterious Principle Underlying Beetle Fighting?===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Listen to the Next Breakdown)
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 irontonguetian 01.ogg}} '''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' Hello, all. I am Iron Tongue Tian, here with an official signboard for the Arataki Blazing Armor Beetle Battle Boot Camp. It also doubles as your permit to run the event.
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Is this supposed to be... Bull-Chucker and Crimson Staff? It's so over the top!
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, sweet! Sadly, it's not my own original artwork... But check out that design! And that linework!
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' It's so cool! It's epic! It captures exactly how awesome I look as a pro beetle-fighter in the heat of battle!
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Dude! ...Wait, not that &mdash; how do they usually address strangers in this part of the world?
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 hanakado 01.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Maybe... "esquire"?
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's the one! Tian Esquire, your artwork is incredible! Words cannot express the Arataki Gang's gratitude!
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 irontonguetian 02.ogg}} '''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' You can drop the "esquire," Don Arataki. Also, I'm no artist &mdash; just a storyteller.
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 irontonguetian 03.ogg}} '''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' This promotional artwork was done by a young lady at the Ministry of Civil Affairs. Yanfei looks out for her a lot, so when she heard about your event, she offered to contribute some artwork.
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ohh, so this is Yanfei's doing! Man, she really thought of everything... This is exactly what we needed!
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 irontonguetian 04.ogg}} '''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' Young Grandmaster Hanakado here tells me that your boot camp is an ambitious training program that could shape the future of beetle-fighting.
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 irontonguetian 05.ogg}} '''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' I'm no beetle-fighter myself, but I've heard a lot about it, and have always wanted to try it out for myself.
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 irontonguetian 06.ogg}} '''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' Who knows &mdash; it might just give me the inspiration for a great new story to tell in the neighborhood.
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 hanakado 02.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Beetle fighting is something you have to have a natural affinity for. Take Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon for instance: She battled with great prowess on her first time after only a short demonstration.
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 hanakado 03.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Once Tian Esquire has grasped the basics of beetle-fighting and understands the appeal, we might get a lot of free publicity from his storytelling.
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Dude! That would be awesome!
:{{A|vo dceq003 1 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Alright, Squirt! Squat! Squire! ESQUIRE! Ahehehehehem... Uh... m&mdash;may the best man win!
----
;(After defeating Listen to the Next Breakdown on Friendly Spar or Focused Fight difficulty for the first time)
::'''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' Perfect! This level of intensity is just perfect for such a contest!
;(After defeating Listen to the Next Breakdown on Utmost Might difficulty for the first time)
::'''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' Excellent, magnificent! This beetle battle has inspired me!

;(Defeating Listen to the Next Breakdown for the first time)
:{{A|vo dceq003 2 irontonguetian 01.ogg}} '''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' Wonderful!
:{{A|vo dceq003 2 irontonguetian 02.ogg}} '''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' I can see that the Arataki Gang has transformed beetle fighting into a fiercely competitive high-adrenaline sport. Yes, there are the rudiments of a fine tale here, to be told time and again.
:{{A|vo dceq003 2 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Great dueling with you, Tian Esquire! The pleasure was alllllright!
:{{A|vo dceq003 2 hanakado 01.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' The phrase is "the pleasure was all mine," Oni King.
:{{A|vo dceq003 2 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ah, details, schmetails! Point is... Thank you for supporting our boot camp!
:{{A|vo dceq003 2 irontonguetian 03.ogg}} '''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' I extend my gratitude to you too, Don Arataki. I intend to stay here and watch a while longer to further enrich my writing. Please, pay no regard &mdash; just pretend I'm not here.
:{{A|vo dceq003 2 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Man, I've never fought against someone so... cultured before! My mind's buzzing from all those fancy words. What's that buzzy feeling called again? Oh yeah &mdash; learning!
:{{A|vo dceq003 2 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Looks like the Arataki Blazing Armor Beetle Battle Boot Camp is getting off to a good start!

;(Talk to Listen to the Next Breakdown again)
:'''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' Well now, friend, have you come to take part in Boss Arataki's Blazing Armor Beetle Battle Boot Camp as well?
:{{DIcon|BeetleBrawl}} Leeeet's beetle battle!
::'''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' Wonderful! Our previous duel was most exciting. Indeed, I was planning to review it quite carefully! In any case, let us go for another round, just like Boss Arataki would want!
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about the way of the beetle battler...
::'''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' Ah, a great question! Indeed, I could go on for quite some time about this!
::'''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' Liyue has its own types of contests between insects, and like Onikabuto battles, each has its own unique features.
::'''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' For example, there are contests of agility, as well as competitions to see which bug can cry the loudest.
::'''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' Each one of these battles has its own set of mysteries that, with a few flourishes of a pen, can transform into many a tale I can tell my regulars time and time again!
:{{DIcon}} Have a nice day!
::'''Listen to the Next Breakdown:''' See you next time, then!
{{Dialogue End}}

===II: A Terrifying Opponent Approaches!===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Buttercup of Terror)
:{{A|vo dceq003 3 changchang 01.ogg}} '''Buttercup of Terror:''' Onikabuto are our friends! Like cats and doggies!
:{{A|vo dceq003 3 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Another kid? Ugh, didn't we go through this last time?
:{{A|vo dceq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well yeah, but Grandmaster Hanakado's a kid too, and one of the other kids from last time was actually pretty good. So age is no measure of a beetle-fighter's skill.
:{{A|vo dceq003 3 hanakado 01.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Although... uh, Buttercup of Terror has no prior beetle-battling experience, her chosen Onikabuto has the air of a formidable warrior!
:{{A|vo dceq003 3 changchang 02.ogg}} '''Buttercup of Terror:''' I dunno what you guys are talking about.
:{{A|vo dceq003 3 changchang 03.ogg}} '''Buttercup of Terror:''' My Onikabuto was a present from Daddy. He got it from a new friend he made last time he was away.
:{{A|vo dceq003 3 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hoho, your father sounds like a real stand up guy!
:{{A|vo dceq003 3 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Okay, let's send out Skycleaving White-Iron Lavender Melon for this one. We don't want any accusations of bullying flying around.
:{{A|vo dceq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, you make it sound like Paimon's the weakest choice on our side...
:{{A|vo dceq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, Paimon is probably the safest choice... but only because you two maniacs are a danger to yourselves and others when you're in a competitive mood.
:{{A|vo dceq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't be nervous, young lady! It's only a game, so it's just for fun!
----
;(After defeating Buttercup of Terror on Friendly Spar or Focused Fight difficulty for the first time)
::'''Buttercup of Terror:''' Is it over? What fun!
;(After defeating Buttercup of Terror on Utmost Might difficulty for the first time)
::'''Buttercup of Terror:''' Onikabuto are just as obedient as cats and dogs, this kind of competition is really fun!

;(Defeating Buttercup of Terror for the first time)
:{{A|vo dceq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... Paimon nearly messed that up...
:{{A|vo dceq003 4 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I nearly died of a heart attack! That little beastie is fierce! Even I woulda had a tough time...
:{{A|vo dceq003 4 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' How'd you get so freakin' good at this without a teacher? Is everyone in Liyue a born warrior or something?
:{{A|vo dceq003 4 changchang 01.ogg}} '''Buttercup of Terror:''' So this is how Onikabuto play together? I get it now!
:{{A|vo dceq003 4 changchang 02.ogg}} '''Buttercup of Terror:''' Do you have time to play some more? And I also wanna watch you guys play, too!
:{{A|vo dceq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like Buttercup of Terror has a real knack for this... Kinda terrifying!
:{{A|vo dceq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Bull-Chucker, if you had this kind of talent, you could probably have learned how to communicate with shelled creatures just by listening to Guoba talk to Crystal Tornado.
:{{A|vo dceq003 4 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hah... Haha, hah... Yeah, I wish!

;(Talk to Buttercup of Terror again)
:'''Buttercup of Terror:''' Would you like to play a round with me?
:{{DIcon|BeetleBrawl}} Let's get to it!
::'''Buttercup of Terror:''' Alright! I'm gonna learn how you fight, err, White... Melon-thing!
:{{DIcon}} Could you tell me about your nickname?
::'''Buttercup of Terror:''' You mean "Buttercup of Terror"?
::'''Buttercup of Terror:''' Oh, it came about because Daddy once gave me a buttercup flower, which I put by my windowsill every night. But by the next morning, it would have raced up to the roof.
::'''Buttercup of Terror:''' Someone said that they saw my flower climbing the walls in the dead of night just like a cat...
::'''Buttercup of Terror:''' It was later that we found that there was a cat in the city that had taken a liking to my plant, which led to it making off with the plant.
::'''Buttercup of Terror:''' I don't know why, but as the story spread, it somehow became "The buttercup Changchang raised turned into a cat. Terrifying!"
::'''Buttercup of Terror:''' Not that I mind, but... when that "Grandmaster Avocado" person heard about this, they thought that my nickname was really cool, and they even asked me to play this game...
::'''Buttercup of Terror:''' And well, I'm having loads of fun, and I'd love to play more!
:{{DIcon}} See you!
::'''Buttercup of Terror:''' Yup, I'll see you too!
{{Dialogue End}}

===III: Interested Newcomer?===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Contestant with Super OP Gear)
:{{A|vo dceq003 5 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' Hey there! I'm back! So then, how's the Arataki Blazing Armor Beetle Battle Boot Camp coming along...?
:{{A|vo dceq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great timing, Yanfei!
:{{A|vo dceq003 5 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' My savior! Thanks for helping out with the permit! And for the sign with the epic artwork!
:{{A|vo dceq003 5 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Wait, I know that look... Are you, uh, looking to flip some beetle too?
:{{A|vo dceq003 5 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' Huh? Something wrong with that?
:{{A|vo dceq003 5 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' I have a big client who does a lot of cross-border commerce &mdash; anyway, she showered me with gifts once after I helped her win a huge lawsuit, and among them was a very special Onikabuto.
:{{A|vo dceq003 5 yanfei 04.ogg}} '''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' I didn't know how to look after it at the time, so I got Granny to look after it for a while. It's looking pretty buff these days...
:{{A|vo dceq003 5 yanfei 05.ogg}} '''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' Mind if I join in? You're not worried I'll cramp your style, are you...?
:{{A|vo dceq003 5 hanakado 01.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' We ought not dismiss your savior, Oni King. What she lacks in experience, she makes up for with one of the sturdiest-built and most awe-inspiring Onikabuto I have ever seen.
:{{A|vo dceq003 5 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You make me an offer I can't refuse...
:{{A|vo dceq003 5 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Alright, time to send in the Oni King's Right Hand with Crimson Staff. I know my compadre will stay cool under pressure!
:{{DIcon}} You betcha!
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for the vote of confidence!
:{{A|vo dceq003 5 yanfei 06.ogg}} '''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' So it's me versus {{Traveler}}? Alright!
:{{A|vo dceq003 5 yanfei 07.ogg}} '''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' I haven't quite got the hang of this game yet, so apologies in advance for any blunders.
----
;(After defeating Contestant with Super OP Gear on Friendly Spar or Focused Fight difficulty for the first time)
::'''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' Oh? Seems like there's quite a lot to beetle battles...
;(After defeating Contestant with Super OP Gear on Utmost Might difficulty for the first time)
::'''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' Yes... There're no shortcuts to becoming good at any game.

;(Defeating Contestant with Super OP Gear for the first time)
:{{A|vo dceq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yanfei's Onikabuto is so strong! What has Madame Ping been feeding that thing...
:{{A|vo dceq003 6 hanakado 01.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' See? Your savior's Onikabuto is a force to be reckoned with.
:{{A|vo dceq003 6 hanakado 02.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' But just like last time, when my generals threw you a few curveballs, the mightiest blade cannot slay its foe except in the hands of a skilled swordmaster.
:{{A|vo dceq003 6 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' W&mdash;W&mdash;Wise words, Grandmaster... Ooookay... Good thing my compadre kept it together!
:{{A|vo dceq003 6 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' Wow, what a blast! I could get into this whole beetle-battling thing!
:{{A|vo dceq003 6 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' This is so much fun! Thanks, everyone! I'm gonna stick around and play some more!

;(Talk to Contestant with Super OP Gear again)
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' Ah, {{Traveler}}, would you like to have another beetle battle with me?
:{{DIcon|BeetleBrawl}} Let's go, let's go!
::'''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' Hehe! Who knows? I might discover a little trick, and I'll have you backed into a corner before you know it!
:{{DIcon}} Been busy lately, Yanfei?
::'''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' Oh, I'm fine, I'm good!
::'''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' I mean, even legal experts don't have business to attend to every day, you know.
::'''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' Which is just as well. While my fellow disciples are having their reunion, I'm going to be spending all my annual leave!
::'''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' I'll eat my fill, sleep my due, play to my heart's content &mdash; and then go back to my work refreshed and renewed.
::'''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' Now that's what they call a happy life!
:{{DIcon}} See you around, Yanfei!
::'''Contestant with Super OP Gear:''' Sure. Swing by when you're free and teach me this game, alright?
{{Dialogue End}}

===IV: Less Blah-Blah, More Beetle Battling!===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to No-Frills Instant Kill)
:{{A|vo dceq003 7 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' This makes no sense... How did you do that!? My... my reputation is destroyed!
:{{A|vo dceq003 7 lan 01.ogg}} '''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' It was an honor doing battle with you, good Sir.
:{{A|vo dceq003 7 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What the... So polite!
:{{A|vo dceq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haha! So, been busy losing while we were away, {{Rubi|Bull-Chucker?|"Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King"}}
:{{A|vo dceq003 7 lan 02.ogg}} '''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' I don't see it that way. Unless the Bona-Fide Beetle Battle King is ready to give up now, he hasn't lost to me yet.
:{{A|vo dceq003 7 lan 03.ogg}} '''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' In battle, and in life, it's normal to hit setbacks every once in a while. But a setback only turns into a failure if you make the decision to stop trying.
:{{A|vo dceq003 7 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Word! Heck yeah! I ain't about to admit defeat yet!
:{{A|vo dceq003 7 lan 04.ogg}} '''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' Still, there's nothing to be gained from constantly making excuses. Don't put all your energy into talking garbage &mdash; spend it on fighting a little harder instead.
:{{A|vo dceq003 7 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oof, burn...
:{{A|vo dceq003 7 hanakado 01.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Oni King, this brand of enemy doesn't seem to be your area of expertise. I advise you send in another of your generals and observe the duel in detail.
:{{A|vo dceq003 7 hanakado 02.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Watching others do battle is also a crucial part of a warrior's training. Some skills, one learns by doing. Others, one learns through observation.
:{{A|vo dceq003 7 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Good point, Grandmaster! And good timing, compadre! Oni King's Right Hand, I'm handing the fight over to you!
:{{A|vo dceq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, finally it's your turn! Make it count, {{Traveler}}!
:{{DIcon}} Hehe! Piece of cake!
:{{DIcon}} Uh-oh! I'm scared!
:{{A|vo dceq003 7 lan 05.ogg}} '''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' So I'm going head-to-head with the legendary {{Traveler}}? Guess I'd better look sharp...
----
;(After defeating No-Frills Instant Kill on Friendly Spar or Focused Fight difficulty for the first time)
::'''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' You're amazing! Thanks for showing me how it's done.
;(After defeating No-Frills Instant Kill on Utmost Might difficulty for the first time)
::'''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' You're truly strong. Not a single weakness to exploit.

;(Defeating No-Frills Instant Kill for the first time)
:{{A|vo dceq003 8 lan 01.ogg}} '''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' Nicely done. You beat me.
:{{A|vo dceq003 8 lan 02.ogg}} '''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' I'd go as far as to say that it's an honor to lose against {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo dceq003 8 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ahhh, so that's how you do it! I never would've thought of that!
:{{A|vo dceq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup! When you're up against a cunning enemy, you gotta get creative.
:{{A|vo dceq003 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When your tactics fail, you have to change your point of view. In our journeys far and wide, we often have to think on our feet!
:{{A|vo dceq003 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Clinging to old methods can never solve the problem, no matter how hard you try!
:{{A|vo dceq003 8 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I think Shinobu said something like that once, too. I guess there's something to it after all...
:{{A|vo dceq003 8 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But I'll mull it over some other time. Right now, my focus is on the task at hand &mdash; more beetle-fighting!

;(Talk to No-Frills Instant Kill again)
:'''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' Ah, it's you. Would you like to test yourself against me again?
:{{DIcon|BeetleBrawl}} Let's go for it!
::'''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' Good. Here I go, then.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, so you enjoy beetle battles too?
::'''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' I wouldn't say that I "enjoy" it. I simply think that there is something to learn from many activities, so it wouldn't hurt to give it a go.
::'''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' We often get a lot of non-combat-related requests mixed in with our high-difficulty commissions.
::'''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' Solving mechanical puzzles, following clues to search for specific objects...
::'''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' You never know when you might even encounter a commission that requires you to command other creatures to fulfill a certain objective.
::'''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' I'm sure that you, of all people, would have experience with that?
:{{DIcon}} I shan't bother you for now.
::'''No-Frills Instant Kill:''' Alright, you do you.
{{Dialogue End}}

===V: The Ultimate Trial of the Strong?===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore)
:;(See [[#Provisionally Perpetual Beetle Battle!]])
----
;(After defeating Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore on Friendly Spar or Focused Fight difficulty for the first time)
::'''Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore:''' ♪~
;(After defeating Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore on Utmost Might difficulty for the first time)
::'''Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore:''' ♪♪♪~

;(Talk to Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore again)
:'''Count Crushmore's Companion God of Cookery:''' Hey there, {{Traveler}}! How would you like to play another game with Guoba? He'd still like to test Bloom Pruner's skills!
:'''Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore:''' ♪~
:{{DIcon|BeetleBrawl}} In that case, I shall be your Itto!
::'''Count Crushmore's Companion God of Cookery:''' Nice! Time for another beetle battle!
::'''Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore:''' ♪!
:{{DIcon}} How are your preparations for reopening Wanmin Restaurant?
::'''Count Crushmore's Companion God of Cookery:''' Oh, things back at the restaurant aren't too busy, which is why Guoba and I are free to play a few games. Thanks for the concern, though!
::'''Count Crushmore's Companion God of Cookery:''' We've almost completed restocking, so we should be back to business as usual in a few more days!
::'''Count Crushmore's Companion God of Cookery:''' If you and Paimon still haven't had enough, you're free to swing by for a meal any time!
::'''Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore:''' ♪~
:{{DIcon}} I've gotta go for now. Till next time!
::'''Count Crushmore's Companion God of Cookery:''' No problem. See you!
::'''Calamitous Colossus Count Crushmore:''' ♪!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other NPCs==
:'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' O Great Oni King's Right hand, is there anything I might assist you with?
:{{DIcon}} Get me an Onikabuto!
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Of course! That is well within my abilities!
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' However, it takes some time to assess the compatibility between an Onikabuto and a mighty beetle battler...
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' I've been able to guess more or less which sort of Onikabuto would suit your fighting style based on our previous battles. Of course, that's been quite the test of my abilities, too.
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' The matter of where I should go to capture such an Onikabuto is something I must give much thought to...
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' I will have to ask for your patience in this matter. Next we meet, I'll have the perfect answer ready for you!
:{{DIcon}} So, about the gift...
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Ah, you mean the gift we're going to give to that great master?
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' To be honest, I haven't thought of any good ideas just yet...
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' That master was able to create that incredibly intricate Bloom Pruner, so perhaps, we could buy some exquisite machine processing equipment and pack it into a gift box. That might be satisfactory...
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' That said, I only have 2 million Mora on hand, so I doubt I'll be able to get my hands on the best stuff &mdash; it certainly wouldn't be good enough to catch that master's eye.
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Besides, I'm not sure how long I'll be here in Liyue, and how much Mora I'll need for my own expenses. Gotta find some way to deepen my pockets...
::{{DIcon}} 2 million isn't a small sum, you know...
::{{DIcon}} Is that money all yours?
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' A small portion of it is my regular savings, but most of it was given to me by my grandfather.
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' He used to be a great adventurer in the past, and he was blessed with good luck every time he took his Onikabuto with him, leading him to discover large amounts of treasure.
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' That's why he greatly supports my beetle-battling career. He deposits some funds for me every so often, and I don't spend it willy-nilly. One day, I want to use it on something super important!
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Earlier, I saw that the Arataki Gang's finances weren't doing so hot, so I tried to support the Oni King with some funds, but he refused me every time, saying...
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' "Nope, ain't no way we're letting our allies pay! Me and the gang have backbone, I'll have you know!"
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' I respect that spirit, so when I do get that gift for that great master, I'll report those expenses to the Oni King... No matter how many millions of Mora it adds up to!
:{{DIcon}} See you around, Grandmaster!
::'''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' And you too, Oni King's Right Hand!

[[pt-br:Esplendoroso Acampamento de Batalha de Besouros do Arataki/História]]
[[ru:Подготовительный лагерь Аратаки для боевых жуков/История]]
[[vi:Tập Huấn Đấu Bọ Arataki Rực Cháy/Cốt Truyện]]