{{Faction Infobox
|image        = Arataki Gang.png
|affiliation  = [[Arataki Itto]]
|region       = [[Inazuma]]
|area         = [[Hanamizaka]]
}}
The '''Arataki Gang''' is a gang established and led by [[Arataki Itto]].

Though Itto claims that the gang consists of outliers and those shunned by society, [[Granny Oni]] believes that the gang is just all of Itto's friends hanging out together.

Everyone in the Arataki Gang has a good heart, and only mean the best for other people. However, its members (with the exception of Kuki Shinobu) are not very intelligent, and in the process of trying to promote the gang and help their community, they often end up accidentally causing trouble, resulting in the members frequently getting arrested. The various acts of mischief that have gotten in the gang in trouble include, but are not limited to: Posting unauthorized flyers, hosting unapproved events, disturbing the peace by performing music late at night, and accidentally damaging other people's property. As a result of their frequent incidents, the gang's intentions are misunderstood a lot of the time.

As Deputy Officer, [[Kuki Shinobu]] is responsible for the gang's legal issues, such as getting them out of the messes they make and handling professional affairs.

Itto is very protective of his gang members and treats them with a large amount of respect as if they were his own family. As a result, they are very loyal to him, calling him "boss" frequently, with Itto referring to his gang as "my boys." In his profile voice-overs and teapot dialogue, he declares the [[Traveler]] to be part of the Arataki Gang.

As Itto's profile reveals, the [[Tenryou Commission]] refuses to acknowledge the Arataki Gang as an official organization.

==Members==
===Current===
*[[Arataki Itto]] (Leader)
*[[Kuki Shinobu]] (Deputy Officer)
*[[Ushi]] (Auxiliary Member)
* [[Akira]]
* [[Genta]]
* [[Mamoru]]
* [[Traveler]]

==Trivia==
*The gang's emblem (as seen on their hats) depicts a stylized version of [[Ushi]]'s face.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Arataki Gang
|zhs      = 荒泷派
|zhs_rm   = Huānglóng-pài
|zht      = 荒瀧派
|zht_rm   = Huānglóng-pài
|zh_tl    = Arataki Faction
|ja       = 荒瀧派
|ja_rm    = Arataki-ha<ref>{{Ref/VO|Yoimiya|荒瀧一斗について・荒瀧派|ja|note=About Arataki Itto: Arataki's Gang}}</ref>
|ja_tl    = Arataki Faction
|ko       = 아라타키{{tt|파|派}}
|ko_rm    = Arataki-pa
|ko_tl    = Arataki Faction
|es       = Banda de Arataki
|es_tl    = Arataki Gang
|fr       = Gang Arataki
|fr_tl    = Arataki Gang
|ru       = Банда Аратаки
|ru_tl    = Arataki Gang
|th       = แก๊ง Arataki
|th_rm    = Kaeng Arataki
|th_tl    = Arataki Gang
|vi       = {{tt|Bang|幫}} Arataki
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Arataki-Bande
|de_tl    = Arataki Gang
|id       = Geng Arataki
|id_tl    = Arataki Gang
|pt       = Gangue Arataki
|pt_tl    = Arataki Gang
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox|Inazuma}}

[[es:Banda de Arataki]]
[[pt-br:Gangue Arataki]]
[[id:Geng Arataki]]
[[vi:Bang Arataki]]