{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Historical Events
}}
The '''Archon War''' was an era of various power struggles between [[gods]] that began several thousand years ago for unknown reasons, although scholars in [[Teyvat]] believe it began over seven divine seats in [[Celestia]].<ref name="TLTF">{{Ref/Quest|Treasure Lost, Treasure Found (Part 2)}}</ref> While different regions settled their power struggles at different times, the era drew to a close 2,000 years ago after the final seat was claimed.<ref name=":0" />

With the end of an era came the establishment of a new order under the [[The Seven|Seven Archons]]. They established the seven nations, determining their method of governance through their ideals and shaping their nations using their elemental powers.

==Overview==
How or why the Archon War began is currently a mystery. Gods were able to coexist relatively peacefully before the War began, so the circumstances that triggered the Archon War are currently left to speculation. The logistics of the war are also unknown, such as how the nations were divided or how the victors were determined.

According to [[Soraya]], the war began as a struggle over the seven divine seats in [[Celestia]],<ref name="TLTF" /> both for supremacy and to see their plans for a prosperous humanity to come to fruition.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Divine Body from Guyun}}</ref> However, not all gods participated in the war with the intent of taking a divine seat; some wanted to defend their territory, while others didn't even want to fight and tried to save as many people as possible from the destruction of the war.

An alternate explanation is that the death of gods ''removed'' divine seats that previously existed in Celestia, and The Seven were either gods who kept their seats by prevailing over the others, or were beings who ascended to godhood after defeating gods of old. [[Decarabian]]'s death resulted in the "crumbling of an ancient seat of divinity," while [[Barbatos]] ascended to godhood and became the Anemo Archon.<ref name="Venti 4">{{Ref/CS|Venti|4}}</ref>

[[Neuvillette]], the reborn [[Hydro Sovereign]], recalled his predecessor's memory after the return of the Ancient Authority, that "all fragments of the primordial were driven to devour each other."<ref>{{Ref/CS|Neuvillette|Vision}}</ref> It is presumed that the aforementioned event is the Archon War, and the [[Heavenly Principles]] manipulated the gods to eliminate each other.

After The Seven were established, most defeated gods fled Teyvat and took refuge in the [[Dark Sea]] &mdash; lands outside of Teyvat where The Seven have no dominion, where they became known as "evil gods." Some gods, however, chose to cooperate with The Seven and even became important figures, such as [[Boreas|Andrius]] and [[Guoba|Marchosius]].

==Mondstadt==
2600 years ago, in the midst of the Archon War, the city of [[Mondstadt]] was located northwest of the current location, what is now known as [[Stormterror's Lair]]. Back then, there were two warring gods: [[Decarabian]], the God of Storms, and [[Boreas]], the King of the North Wind. The entity who would become [[Barbatos]] was but a wisp of the wind, with little to no power.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Venti|3}}</ref>

At that time, Mondstadt was a wasteland of ice, snow, and endless icy blizzards, almost impossible for humans to live in.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Ring of Boreas}}</ref><ref name="BoG">{{Ref/Item|Biography of Gunnhildr}}</ref> This was all caused by Boreas, who gained his powers from an ancient &mdash; and likely deceased &mdash; god.<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Andrius}}</ref> In order to protect his people from the cold, Decarabian enclosed the city into a wall of storms, letting nothing go in or out of it; Boreas declared war on Decarabian, but was incapable of landing even a scratch on his tower. For his part, Decarabian seemed either uninterested in, or incapable of, defeating Boreas, and was content with keeping his people safe. Unbeknownst to Decarabian, however, his people felt trapped and worshipped him out of fear, which he mistook for genuine devotion.<ref group="Note">While the idea that Decarabian trapped his people within the city is often stated in Mondstadt's history books, this is contradicted by [[Biography of Gunnhildr]], which claims that the Gunnhildr Clan took refuge in the city, then left after growing disillusioned by Decarabian's rule. It is possible that the people's dissatisfaction with his rule originated from his apparent inaction against Boreas, who turned the rest of Mondstadt into a frozen tundra. Over time this discontentment morphed into the belief that Decarabian was a tyrant who locked them within his city without cause.</ref>

During his time as a wisp of the wind, Barbatos befriended a [[Nameless Bard|young bard]] who dreamt of freedom. He also saved the [[Gunnhildr Clan]], who had left Decarabian's city to live in the frozen wasteland, and their resulting faith empowered him.<ref name="BoG" /> Eventually, Barbatos and the Nameless Bard, alongside Decarabian's disillusioned lover [[Amos]] and an unnamed knight, raised an army against the God of Storms.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Amos' Bow}}</ref> They eventually emerged victorious, taking down the god and freeing the people from his stormy cage. Unfortunately, both Amos and the bard were among the casualties, causing deep regret for Barbatos.

After Decarabian's demise, Barbatos claimed a divine seat in Celestia, becoming the first &mdash; and only &mdash; Anemo Archon among The Seven. Boreas, despite holding tremendous power, was aware that he was ill-fit for the role of a loving archon who could nurture humanity, as he found human society to be a disappointment and only accepted abandoned infants and outcasts as his kin.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Boreal Wolf's Milk Tooth}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Item|Boreal Wolf's Cracked Tooth}}</ref> Believing himself unfit for the position of Anemo Archon, Boreas chose to disappear.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Boreal Wolf's Nostalgia}}</ref> In his final days, he realized that his icy blizzards could only destroy life and decided to let his power flow into the land of Mondstadt instead, putting an end to the icy storm.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Spirit Locket of Boreas}}</ref> Boreas would eventually return as a spirit, watching over the area now known as [[Wolvendom]] and working with Barbatos as one of his [[Four Winds]].

Barbatos' first use of his powers was to take the form of the young bard as a way to honor him.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land (Quest)}}</ref> After that, he used his wind powers to shape the land to make it prosperous for his people, teaching them the values of freedom.<ref name="Venti 4" /> He then left the people to themselves, refusing to rule them directly and risk becoming a tyrant himself.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Abyss Mage (Quest)}}</ref> Instead, he journeyed throughout Teyvat, often paying visits to the Geo Archon, [[Morax]], of the neighboring nation of Liyue.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|5}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/CS|Venti|Where the Wind Doth Not Blow}}</ref>

==Liyue==
During the Archon War, [[Morax]], Deus Auri, and [[Guizhong]], the God of Dust, lived with the [[adepti]] and their people in the region now known as the [[Guili Plains]]. When the war began, they stood by each other and fought other gods. 3,700 years ago, Guizhong died in a particular battle which also ravaged the Guili Plains, and Morax took the people south of [[Mt. Tianheng]] and established [[Liyue Harbor]].<ref>{{Ref/Book|Stone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Fond Farewell}}</ref>

After the establishment of [[Liyue Harbor]], Morax continued to defend his people from other gods and monsters. One of his exploits was the war with an unknown god in [[Chenyu Vale]]. The war was implied to be particularly bloody, as the [[Bishui River]] was said to be crimson red. Morax easily overwhelmed the god, who then sought to flood the Bisuhi River in a final attempt to defeat him. This act would have also destroyed the vale, causing the god's adepti disciples, [[Fujin]] and the [[Herblord]], to defect. The two rebelled against their master, along with their old friend, the suanni [[Lingyuan]], to evacuate the people. The god's fate is unknown, but the Herblord fell in battle and Fujin "sank to the sea," losing much of her powers in the process.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|An Ancient Sacrifice of Sacred Brocade}}</ref>

Other notable feats of Morax were defeating and sealing various gods and sea monsters at [[Guyun Stone Forest]] with stone lances, among them were [[Osial]] and the [[Chi]] of Yore. Although they were defeated, the stone pillars became divine, but with hatred and curses within as well. [[Guoba|Marchosius]], the God of the Stove, was one of the gods who sacrificed his power and godly status to prevent the calamities and plagues caused by the war from finally destroying Liyue. The demons that were generated, however, posed a threat to the people, so Morax assigned a group of adepti called the [[Yaksha]] to eliminate them. The karmic debt accumulated proved to be too much for them, either perishing or disappearing; as of the present day, [[Xiao]] is the only alive and active yaksha.

Among the gods who lost to Morax was the serpent god [[Orobashi]], who fled to [[Inazuma]] after its defeat.<ref name="OE"/>

Meanwhile, the Salt Goddess [[Havria]], known for both her gentleness and relative weakness compared to other gods, tried to avoid the chaos of the Archon War and yearned for the peaceful days of old. However, in that brutal era, she found herself making more and more concessions until all she had left for her and her people was the land now known as [[Sal Terrae]]. In the end, she perished at the hands of her own people: realizing that her love and kindness were incapable of protecting them, the king of her people decided to slay her both as a demonstration of their decision to take a more militaristic stance,<ref>{{Ref/Book|Diary of Roald the Adventurer|1|title=Sal Terrae}}</ref> and to spare her the agony of defeat and destruction at the hands of another god. On her death, however, the surge of power that emerged from her body turned anyone who had been in the area into salt. Those who survived were scattered throughout Liyue, most eventually settling in Liyue Harbor and forming [[Yinyuan Hall]] with a distorted version of events.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Farewell, Sweet Salt}}</ref>

==Inazuma==
Little information exists about the Archon War in [[Inazuma]]. The Inazuman archipelago was united under the rule of the Electro Archon, the Raiden Shogun &mdash; which was [[Makoto]] (Baal), with her twin sister [[Ei]] (Beelzebul) serving as her ''kagemusha''. One of the gods they defeated was Orobashi who fled and found itself beyond the seal that separated [[Enkanomiya]] from the rest of Teyvat.<ref name="OE">{{Ref/Weapon|Oathsworn Eye}}</ref> Since then, it rescued the people there, brought them back to the surface, and created [[Watatsumi Island]] using its own scales for its people. Orobashi and the people of Watatsumi lived peacefully within the nation of Inazuma up until Orobashi's rebellion and death at the hands of the Shogun.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Sangonomiya Chronicles}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Those Who Yearn for the Gods' Gaze}}</ref><ref group="Note">Sangonomiya Chronicles states that Orobashi peacefully lived under the Electro Archon's rule, and ''[[Those Who Yearn for the Gods' Gaze]]'' states that Orobashi invaded [[Yashiori Island]] and was killed there during the Archon War. Assuming both statements are true, Makoto may have become Electro Archon before the Archon War officially ended 2000 years ago, and then Orobashi attacked Yashiori Island at some point between their victory and the Archon War's official end.</ref>

==Sumeru==
Unlike other nations, the three God-Kings: [[King Deshret]], [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]], and [[Nabu Malikata]] peacefully shared the throne with each other<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Amethyst Crown}}</ref><ref group="Note">There appear to be no other gods besides the three of them, as Remus left Sumeru long before the Archon War.</ref>. King Deshret even went so far as to reject the position of Archon (with [[Gnosis]] and/or the Dragon Authority implicitly referred to as a "gift" given to him by Celestia) to pursue his own interests and ambitions.<ref name="Wilting Feast">{{Ref/Arti|Wilting Feast}}</ref> Multiple events subsequently led to the deaths of King Deshret and the Goddess of Flowers,<ref group="Note">The death of Nabu Malikata and later, King Deshret, were stated to happen "thousands of years ago", according to [[Nahida]]. It is likely that they died during the Archon War period, leaving Greater Lord Rukkhadevata as the sole god.</ref> and Rukkhadevata thus was titled as the sole Archon of Sumeru, though she did not actively rule over Deshret's former lands in the [[Great Red Sand]], and the people of the desert never acknowledged her as their god<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Trail of the God of Wisdom}}</ref>. The remainder of the Archon War period instead saw internecine conflicts between rival human city states in Sumeru's desert<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Desert Pavilion Chronicle}}</ref>, and the slow decline of Nabu Malikata's children, the jinn.<ref>{{Ref/Book|The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle}}</ref> Ultimately, the conflicts in the Great Red Sand came to a close with the founding of [[Aaru Village]] in the eastern mountains and the foreswearing of human kings.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Beacon of the Reed Sea}}</ref> After [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] erased Rukkhadevata from the Irminsul, the world now knew Kusanali as the Dendro Archon that arose from the Archon War.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Toast to Victory}}</ref>

Somewhere in Sumeru during the war, a fungi god named [[Bifrons]] grew "clones" of itself in order to feed the people, who were starving from the war. Bifrons gained a small cult following, planning to create an empire in which it would be powerful, but its powers were not strong enough and it was in danger of dying due to a lack of clones to propagate. Taking possession of a human named [[Chatraka]], Bifrons ordered him to find him a suitable hot place to grow. Chatraka took it to the [[Great Volcano of Tollan]] in Natlan, and as he attempted to plant it, an eruption occurred and buried both. Over the years, Bifrons would slowly restore its power, hoping to take revenge against Sumeru when it was fully restored.<ref name="Fungal Traces">{{Ref/Quest|Field Fungal Traces}}</ref>

==Fontaine==
Little evidence of the Archon War is known in Fontaine, though it likely coincided with [[Remuria]]'s conquest of Fontaine. At this time, [[Egeria]] had been sealed away by Celestia for using Primordial Seawater to give human forms to the Oceanids. Meanwhile, the God King [[Remus]], who created and ruled over the ancient civilization of Remuria, had desperately sought a way to avert the [[Prophecy of Fontaine|prophecy]] wrought on by Egeria's actions. In his attempts to bring all of Fontaine under his rule and thereby save everyone, Remus began a vicious campaign of conquest against the other tribes of Fontaine, whom he would either convince to join him or take by force.<ref>{{Ref/Book|page=La Chanson d'Erinnyes}}</ref> Remuria was led into destruction by its own creation, [[Phobos]], as Remus and [[Scylla]]'s plan to stop Phobos failed, which resulted in Remus's death, Scylla's imprisonment, and Remuria's sinking into the [[Sea of Bygone Eras]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Gradus ad Capitolium}}</ref> Celestia commanded Egeria to return from the "[[Primordial Sea|primeval prison]]" they had trapped her in and take over Remus' position in ruling Fontaine.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|page=Splendor of Tranquil Waters}}</ref>

After ascending as the Hydro Archon and cementing her rule, Egeria exiled all of the nation's criminals, who were treated as outcasts. Some of these criminals repented and begged for mercy, which she heard and granted by having them "protect" her [[Primordial Sea|secret in the depths]], which they did by constructing the [[Fortress of Meropide]].

==Natlan==
Natlan was never part of the Archon War, since in-fighting between the dragons took over everything, and there was no room for the gods to join in.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Smokeless War}}</ref> One of these fights was the battle between [[Xbalanque]] and the {{Pyro}} Sovereign [[Xiuhcoatl]], with Xbalanque emerging victorious. After becoming the first [[Pyro Archon]],<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Natlan! A New Adventure}}</ref><ref name="Echoes">{{Ref/Quest|Echoes of Life}}</ref> Xbalanque founded the unique rules and system of Natlan, borrowing the power of Death from [[Ronova]] after his ascension to the divine throne.<ref name="Echoes"/>

==Conclusion==
As the Archon War drew to a close 2,000 years ago,<ref name=":0">{{Ref/Quest|Equilibrium}}</ref> only the Seven remained, giving Teyvat the seven nations we know today.

Only Barbatos and Morax remain as the original victors of the Archon War, while the other five nations' Archons have been replaced over the past 2,000 years:
* [[Makoto|Baal]] died 500 years ago in the cataclysm and was been replaced by her twin sister, named [[Beelzebul]], who took the name "Baal".
* Similarly, Greater Lord Rukkhadevata also died 500 years ago in the cataclysm and has been replaced by her incarnation in the next samsara, [[Buer]].
* The previous Hydro Archon - [[Egeria]] - perished during the cataclysm, and her remains became the [[Amrita Pool]] while her consciousness was anchored to the Human Realm by the [[Harvisptokhm]] (grown by Greater Lord Rukkhadevata) to contain and cleanse the abyssal defilement in the [[Girdle of the Sands]], she was later succeeded by one of her familiars [[Focalors]] as the new Hydro Archon.
* Unlike other Archons, Xbalanque and his successors retained human lifespans after their ascension, with the title of Pyro Archon being passed down to many humans over the years. The last of these was [[Mavuika]], who was able to enjoy a longer lifespan after putting her life into the [[Sacred Flame]].

After Nahida purged Rukkhadevata from the Irminsul, the world's perception was changed and Nahida was now known as the only Dendro Archon since the Archon War. [[Zhongli]]'s altered Character Story 5 now indicated that he and Barbatos were the only two of the first Seven to remain '''in positions of rulership'''. This supposes that Buer lost the ruler position due to her amnesia after exhausting her power during the cataclysm, and only regained her position recently. Thus, she is not viewed the same as Zhongli and Venti.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Archon War
|zhs       = 魔神战争
|zhs_rm    = Móshén Zhànzhēng
|zht       = 魔神戰爭
|zht_rm    = Móshén Zhànzhēng
|zh_tl     = War of the Demon Gods<!--Archon or God?-->
|ja        = 魔神戦争
|ja_rm     = Majin Sensou
|ja_tl     = War of the Demon Gods
|ko        = {{tt|마신|魔神}} {{tt|전쟁|戰爭}}
|ko_tl     = War of the Demon Gods
|es        = Guerra de los Arcontes
|es_tl     = War of the Archons
|fr        = Guerre des Archons
|fr_tl     = War of the Archons
|ru        = Война Архонтов
|ru_tl     = War of Archons
|th        = สงครามเทพอสูร
|th_rm     = Songkhram thep asun
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = {{tt|Chiến Tranh|战争}} {{tt|Ma Thần|魔神}} / {{tt|Trận Chiến|陣戰}} {{tt|Ma Thần|魔神}}
|vi_tl     = War of the Demon Gods / Battle of the Demon Gods
|de        = Archontenkrieg
|de_tl     = Archon War
|id        = Perang Archon
|id_tl     = Archon War
|pt        = Guerra dos Arcontes
|pt_tl     = War of the Archons
|tr        = Hükümdarlar Savaşı
|tr_tl     = War of the Archons
|it        = Guerra degli Archon
|it_tl     = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|World}}

[[de:Archontenkrieg]]
[[es:Guerra de los Arcontes]]
[[fr:Guerre des Archons]]
[[ja:魔神戦争]]
[[pl:Wojna archoncka]]
[[pt-br:Guerra dos Arcontes]]
[[ru:Война Архонтов]]
[[th:สงครามเทพอสูร]]
[[vi:Chiến Tranh Ma Thần]]