{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41211
|type          = Story
|event_name    = The Chalk Prince and the Dragon
|actNum        = II
|part          = 2
|startLocation = [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Dragonspine
|prev          = Festering Desire (Quest)
|next          = Raiders Amidst Snow Mist
|rewards       = Primogem*60;Hero's Wit*3;Mora*30,000
|characters    = Albedo; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}

'''''Archon's Rival''''' is the second quest of [[The Chalk Prince and the Dragon]] event. Finishing this quest unlocks the Act II objectives in the event's menu and allows the player to participate in the Testing Grounds challenge.

==Steps==
# Meet with [[Albedo]]
# Go to the investigation site
# Speak to Albedo
# Defeat the assailants
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Scout*2;Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer*2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Marksman*2;Treasure Hoarders: Seaman;Treasure Hoarders: Crusher}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire;Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire;Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard}}
# Speak to Albedo
# Investigate the ley line disorder
# Defeat the attacking monsters
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy|Ice Shield Hilichurl Guard|x=3}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Cryo Hilichurl Grenadier*2;Ice Shieldwall Mitachurl}}
# Speak to Albedo

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As [[Albedo]] expected, [[Festering Desire|this sword]] can absorb the power to display a facsimile of "growth." This rare ability has caused it to catch the eye of certain parties with ulterior motives.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Albedo)
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo!
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' You're back.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haha! We've been working hard on the sword you know? Check it out!
:{{DIcon}} Have a look.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm. Indeed.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It is as I thought &mdash; this sword grows stronger as you use it in battle.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' I thought that only applied to people.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' And that's precisely what makes it special.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Ah yes, I should mention a more important matter first.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I've investigated the area nearby, and I've discovered some unusual signs.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's not more thieves, is it?
:{{DIcon}} But aren't we the real thieves here?
:{{DIcon}} That's probably not how the [[Treasure Hoarders]] see things...
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's true...
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I believe that these strange traces require investigation.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Whether it be thieves or something else, we shall investigate, and we shall find out.
----
;(Talk to Albedo at the investigation camp)
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lots of human activity here, that's for sure.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like more than one person, too.
:{{DIcon}} Certainly seems like Treasure Hoarders.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So they have a camp here... Hmph! Here to steal, just as usual.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It would be rather convenient to rob adventurers who come up here, yes.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's survival of the fittest here on this mountain, huh?
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All that stealing though, and still every last one of them's still poor as dirt...
:{{DIcon}} I wonder if we should feel sorry for them...
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps this is their fate?
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph! Anyone who calls us thieves gets no pity from Paimon!
:;(Conversation with Albedo is interrupted by Treasure Hoarders)
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 thoardera 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Who's that? Who're these sniveling sneaks snooping around our camp?
:{{A|vo eqxs002 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Argh, we're busted!
----
;(After defeating the Treasure Hoarders, Fatui Skirmishers appear)
:{{A|vo eqxs002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What are the [[Fatui]] doing here!?
:{{A|vo eqxs002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And those Treasure Hoarders look just as confused as we do, too!
----
;(After defeating the Fatui Skirmishers)
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The Fatui? And they chose to attack us within the Treasure Hoarders' camp... Did they follow us here?
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why would they do that?
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you go rile them up while we weren't looking?
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Did you?
:{{DIcon}} Why, I never!
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't do something like that.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, maybe it's something we all did, then...
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I think the Fatui are looking for this sword.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh!? Weren't you keeping this sword super secret? How did they know it existed?
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Perhaps they caught sight of you using it on the mountain.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' If their eyes are any good, they'll definitely have seen how this sword stands out from the rest.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They really want everything, don't they?
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Not quite, no.
:{{DIcon}} I remember hearing more about their activities recently too...
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The Fatui are collecting things related the [[archons]]. This, I believe, is known to you.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh. Now that you mention it, we did hear Master [[Diluc]] say that.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' [[Durin]] is the sworn enemy of the [[Barbatos|Anemo Archon]], and had power comparable to his.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' To say that it could rival the archons, or was related to them... Neither is an overstatement.
:{{DIcon}} No wonder they've set their sights on this sword.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's how it is...
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I made a new discovery while sketching nearby.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' There's an area up ahead that's quite remarkable. Its ley lines flow differently from any other.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Nearby monsters have been attracted to it and have fallen under its influence. As a result, their constitutions have come to far surpass others of the same kind.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That seems convenient.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we're here to help this sword grow, aren't we? Might as well go try it out on those monsters!
:{{A|vo eqxs002 6 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Precisely my intention. Oh, and do remember to observe how various enemies affect this sword differently while you're at it, please.
----
;(After defeating the monsters at the ley line disorder)
:{{A|vo eqxs002 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, how did it feel?
:{{DIcon}} The sword's power has increased.
:{{DIcon}} There are different responses... but there is an identical flow of energy.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 9 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I have a hypothesis concerning this.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 9 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Each time this sword absorbs power from the bodies of fallen enemies, it will resonate with Durin's remains, hidden somewhere on this mountain.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Holy moly, that sounds amazing!
:{{A|vo eqxs002 9 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' If my theory proves correct, this could mean that all the monsters here may be resonating with Durin's body.
:{{DIcon}} But why would they do that?
:{{A|vo eqxs002 9 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I fear this may have to do with the origin of these monsters' powers.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 9 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Durin is no ordinary beast. Even though it is long dead, the entire mountain is still held in thrall by its corpse.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 9 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The dragon's mysterious power... may itself be a form of curse.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 9 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' We still don't have enough information. If we wish to understand more, more data is required. This is where you come in.
:{{A|vo eqxs002 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess story-time's become work&mdash;time...
:{{A|vo eqxs002 9 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I have some research work that needs settling, so we will have to work separately for now. Let's meet up again near the broken bridge.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Archon's Rival
|zhs     = 敌神者
|zhs_rm  = Dí Shén Zhě
|zht     = 敵神者
|zht_rm  = Dí Shén Zhě
|zh_tl   = One Against the Gods
|ja      = 神に匹敵する存在
|ja_rm   = Kami ni Hitteki Suru Sonzai
|ja_tl   = An Existence Who Rivals a God
|ko      = 신에 대적하는 자
|ko_rm   = Sin-e Daejeokhaneun Ja
|ko_tl   = One Against God
|es      = El rival de los Arcontes
|es_tl   = The Rival of Archons
|fr      = L'antédivin
|fr_tl   = The Pre-Divine
|ru      = Враг Архонта
|ru_tl   = Archon's Enemy
|th      = การท้าทายเทพเจ้า
|th_rm   = Kan Tha Thai Theppachao
|th_tl   = To Challenge Gods
|vi      = Kẻ Chống Đối Thần
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gegner eines Gottes
|de_tl   = Archon's Enemy
|id      = Penantang Dewa
|id_tl   = Archon's Challenger
|pt      = Para Rivalizar Deuses
|pt_tl   = To Rival Gods
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

[[es:El rival de los Arcontes]]
[[ja:神に匹敵する存在]]
[[ru:Враг Архонта]]