{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22047
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Archery Demonstration.png
|npc           = Shouji
|characters    = Paimon; Shouji; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Fort Fujitou]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Yashiori Island
|subarea       = Fort Fujitou
|requirement   = [[Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow]]
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Archery Demonstration''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Fort Fujitou]], [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Shouji]]
#Demonstrate archery to Shouji
#*Destroy 14 targets in 90 seconds<!--this text is from the blue banner that shows up for the time challenge; the on-screen objective says something like "Destroy the targets X/14"-->
#**Destroy the blue targets without destroying any red ones
#''If the previous step failed''
#*Help Shouji place new targets
#*Demonstrate archery to Shouji
#Talk to Shouji

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Shouji]] of [[Watatsumi Island]] seems to be upset by his lack of skill in archery...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Shouji)
:'''Shouji:''' Ugh, I missed again... Where am I going wrong?
:{{DIcon}} Still practicing archery, I see?
:'''Shouji:''' Oh, you're... Thank you so much for that demonstration you gave us previously!
:'''Shouji:''' Thanks to you, I've...
:{{DIcon}} Become a real sniper elite?
:{{DIcon}} Become a master marksman?
:'''Shouji:''' Uh, I'm not quite there yet, no...
:'''Shouji:''' But I can now hit five out of ten shots, at least... And it's all thanks to you.
:'''Shouji:''' Our drillmasters still want to see more out of me, though, so I'll keep working at it.
:'''Shouji:''' ...Um, since you're here, do you mind putting on another demonstration?
:'''Shouji:''' With your help, I believe that I'll make progress even faster.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Shouji:''' Thank you so much! I promise I'll watch closely!
:{{DIcon}} Did you solve all your previous issues?
::'''Shouji:''' Oh, you mean, my bad posture, draw strength, and grip?
::'''Shouji:''' ...I'll be honest and say that I'm still on my way to fixing them all.
::'''Shouji:''' But other than these issues, my other worry is that I won't be able to use the skills I've learned in a real battle...
::'''Shouji:''' *cough* Still, I suppose I need to get the basics down first before I can worry about that.
:'''Shouji:''' I'll leave the demonstration to you. I promise I'll watch closely.

;(Timed challenge starts)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, time to line up and knock 'em down, just like before.
:'''Paimon:''' You did it once &mdash; this should be no problem!

;(If challenge failed)
::'''Paimon:''' Huh, were you nervous or something? That wasn't a super good demonstration...
::'''Paimon:''' Let's get Shouji to put those targets back up, shall we?
:;(Talk to Shouji)
::'''Shouji:''' Huh, it seems like there was something off about the way you shot back there...
::{{DIcon}} Could you help me place the targets again?
::'''Shouji:''' Oh, no problem at all, let me go do that right now. Just take the shots once I'm done.

;(Upon challenge success)
:'''Paimon:''' Woohoo! You got 'em all! Guess you've still got it, huh?
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go find Shouji and see if he's learned anything.

;(Talk to Shouji)
:'''Shouji:''' Your skills are as sharp as ever.
:{{DIcon}} Hope you were watching closely.
:'''Shouji:''' Of course I was! I was watching everything from your grip to your draw!
:'''Shouji:''' ...Hmm, how should I put this, though? It feels like the more I watch, the more I can sense the gulf in our skills...
:'''Shouji:''' W&mdash;Well, best not to dwell on that right now. Please take these as thanks for that demonstration.
:'''Shouji:''' I'll start training myself in a bit. Let's set our target at... seven out of ten shots, how about that?
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--datamined
"Shouji": "That should do it... and then I'll need you to demonstrate again, if that's alright with you."
-->

==Trivia==
*Each target has 20 HP.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Archery Demonstration
|zhs     = 箭术示范
|zhs_rm  = Jiànshù Shìfàn
|zht     = 箭術示範
|zht_rm  = Jiànshù Shìfàn
|zh_tl   = Archery Demonstration
|ja      = 弓術の手本
|ja_rm   = Kyuujutsu no Tehon
|ja_tl   = Archery Example
|ko      = 궁술 시범
|ko_tl   = Archery Demonstration
|es      = Demostración de tiro con arco
|es_tl   = Archery Demonstration
|fr      = Démonstration d'archerie
|fr_tl   = Archery Demonstration
|ru      = Мастер-класс по стрельбе
|ru_tl   = A Master Class in Shooting (Arrows)
|th      = สาธิตการยิงธนู
|th_rm   = Sathit Kan Ying Thanu
|th_tl   = Archery Demonstration
|vi      = Thị Phạm Tiễn Thuật
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der beste Bogenschütze
|de_tl   = The Best Archer
|id      = Latihan Memanah
|id_tl   = Archery Practice
|pt      = Demonstração de Tiro com Arco e Flecha
|pt_tl   = Demonstration of Archery
|tr      = Okçuluk Gösterisi
|tr_tl   = Archery Demonstration
|it      = Dimostrazione di tiro con l'arco
|it_tl   = Archery Demonstration
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|Standalone}}