{{Terminology Infobox
|image = 
|type  = Genius Invokation TCG Subsystems
}}
'''Arena of Champions''' is a PvP game mode for [[Genius Invokation TCG]]. It is unlocked at [[Player Level]] 4 and accessed from the [[Invitation Board]] in [[The Cat's Tail]].

It is a game mode where players play a series of battles without being allowed to alter their current deck.

==Rules==
{{Description|The Arena of Champions will open on the 1st and the 16th of each month. Challenge records from previous seasons will be cleared at the start of each new season.<br>Players will be matched with opponents of appropriate skill at the start of each challenge.<br>Obtain 5 victories to complete an Arena of Champions challenge attempt. 3 defeats will result in a failed challenge attempt.<br>If your challenge is successful, the [[Character Card]]s in the deck used will be recorded in the Character Honors record for that season.<br>Up to 9 records can be saved for the Arena of Champions. After 9 records have been saved, saving a new record will delete a previous saved record, beginning with the oldest.<br>Up to 10 records can be saved for challenge decks. After 10 records have been saved, saving a new record will delete an old record, beginning with the deck record with the fewest victories or the oldest record.}}
{{Description|Construct a deck and duel with other players.<br>Snatch victory from your opponent's hands 5 times to win, but if you are defeated 3 times, your challenge attempt will end.<br>Forge your victors' crown with your knowledge, skill, and a bit of luck!}}

==Arena Records==
The Arena Records keeps track of the decks the player used in their most recent successful Arena of Champions attempts. It allows to download an image of the deck for sharing on social media.

==Character Honors==
The Character Honors tab keeps of record of [[Character Card]]s that have been successful in the current Arena of Champions season and display their following statistics:
* Opponents Defeated
* Strongest Single Strike
* Damage Dealt
* Damage Taken
* Crown(s) of Victory Forged

These cards will also gain a star symbol overlay at the bottom of the card. This symbol is only visible in the Character Honors screen and during deckbuilding in the [[Casket of Tomes]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Arena of Champions
|zhs     = 胜冠之试
|zhs_rm  = Shèngguàn zhī Shì
|zht     = 勝冠之試
|zht_rm  = Shèngguàn zhī Shì
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 栄冠の試練
|ja_rm   = Eikan no Shiren
|ja_tl   = Crowning Trial
|ko      = 영광의 아레나
|ko_rm   = Yeonggwang-ui Arena
|ko_tl   = Arena of Honor
|es      = Arena de Campeones
|es_tl   = Arena of Champions
|fr      = Arène des champions
|fr_tl   = Arena of Champions
|ru      = Арена чемпионов
|ru_tl   = Arena of Champions
|th      = บททดสอบแห่งชัยชนะ
|th_rm   = Bot Thotsop Haeng Chaichana
|th_tl   = Trial of Victory
|vi      = Đấu Trường Vô Địch
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Arena der Champions
|de_tl   = Arena of Champions
|id      = Arena Para Jawara
|id_tl   = Arena of Champions
|pt      = Arena dos Campeões
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Şampiyonlar Arenası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Arena dei campioni
|it_tl   = Arena of Champions
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Game Systems Navbox}}

[[pt-br:Arena dos Campeões]]