{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73528
|image         = NPC Location Basima Context.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Secret Summer Paradise
|requirement   = 
* Complete [[Fairground Gathering, Summer Lights Illuminated]]
|characters    = Basima; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Veluriyam Mirage]]
|region        = 
|area          = Veluriyam Mirage
|subarea       = Pavilion of Hermits
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Secret Summer Paradise/Bing-Bang Finchball|Bing-Bang Finchball]] subevent.
}}
'''''Aren't Finches the Cutest?''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Secret Summer Paradise]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the cheerful scholar

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Somewhere in the Veluriyam Mirage, you and Paimon run into a cheerful researcher who invites you to play a game...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Basima)
:'''Basima:''' Passing Travelers, I, Basima, Amurta researcher, beseech thee not to leave too hastily...
:'''Basima:''' Please. Relax thy body, clear thy mind, and listen closely, for I have a matter of utmost importance to share with you&mdash;
:'''Basima:''' Finches are the cutest!
:'''Paimon:''' ?
:{{DIcon}} ?
:'''Paimon:''' Finches are definitely cute... But Miss Basima, you're a researcher, right? You should know saying something like that without any qualifications can lead to serious arguments!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon thought that scholars spoke a bit more cautiously. Paimon would never say something like "[[Golden Shrimp Balls]] are the most delicious food!" if Paimon was a researcher.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon would qualify her statement! Like, "Among the Liyue cuisine Paimon's eaten lately, this is Paimon's favorite."
:{{DIcon}} But I'm willing to say this no matter what!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon is the cutest!
:{{DIcon}} Period!
:'''Paimon:''' Wha&mdash; {{Traveler}}, that was really unexpected!
:'''Paimon:''' Even if it's not a joke, you shouldn't be so loud...
:'''Basima:''' Hahaha, now that's the spirit!
:'''Basima:''' It is precisely because I am a researcher that I don't want my whole life to be like an academic debate, constantly worrying about the accuracy of every word that comes out of my mouth.
:'''Basima:''' It's not like I'm under constant surveillance! Speaking carelessly won't get me punished, so why live in constant fear?
:'''Basima:''' We should be brave, and shout out the most important feelings in our hearts as loud as we can for the world to hear!
:'''Basima:''' Once you've tried my tabletop game "Bing-Bang Finchball", I'm sure you wouldn't hesitate to shout out "Finches are the cutest!"
:'''Paimon:''' Bing-bang... Finchball? You mean those things on the table behind you?
:'''Basima:''' That's right, once you've played, you'll see for yourself just how adorable finches are!
:'''Basima:''' Also, as an official amusement venue of the Veluriyam Mirage, you'll be able to get rewards based on your score!
:'''Paimon:''' She's made it sound so dramatic... but it worked! Paimon's getting really curious. Plus, there are rewards for playing!
:'''Paimon:''' What do you think, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Let's give it a go!
:{{DIcon}} Let's see just how cute finches really are!
:'''Basima:''' Hahaha, now you're getting it! Enjoy the game!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Aren't Finches the Cutest?
|zhs     = 团雀是否最可爱！
|zhs_rm  = Tuánquè Shìfǒu Zuì Kě'ài!
|zht     = 團雀是否最可愛！
|zht_rm  = Tuánquè Shìfǒu Zuì Kě'ài!
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ヤマガラが一番可愛い！
|ja_rm   = Yamagara ga Ichiban Kawaii!
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 참새가 제일 귀여워!
|ko_tl   = Sparrows Are the Cutest!
|es      = ¿Es el pinzón el más adorable?
|es_tl   = Isn't the Finch the Cutest?
|fr      = Des pinsons tout mignons !
|fr_tl   = All Cute Finches!
|ru      = Правда же зяблики самые милые?
|ru_tl   = Are Finches Really the Cutest?
|th      = นกกระจอกน่ารักที่สุดใช่มั้ย!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Liệu Chim Sẻ Có Đáng Yêu Nhất?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ist der Fink nicht total niedlich!
|de_tl   = Isn't the Finch Totally Cute!
|id      = Finch Paling Lucu, Kan?!?
|id_tl   = Finch is the Cutest, Right?!?
|pt      = Passarinhos são Fofinhos!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Var Mı Serçeler Kadar Sevimlisi?
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Non sono carinissimi i tordi?
|it_tl   = Aren't Finches So Cute?
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[pt-br:Passarinhos são Fofinhos!]]
[[ru:Правда же зяблики самые милые?]]