{{Character Infobox
|name             = Arnold
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Arnold.png
|region           = Golden Apple Archipelago
|location         = Golden Apple Archipelago
|title            = Ask-Me-For-Directions Arnold
|voiceEN          = [https://www.imdb.com/name/nm12041073/ Kevin Afghani]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/Turtslap/status/1549076541094563841 EN VA Self Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20220718230211/https://twitter.com/Turtslap/status/1549076541094563841 Archived])</ref>
}}
'''Ask-Me-For-Directions Arnold''' is an event-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Immernachtreich Apokalypse}} and the {{Quest|Drama Phantasmagoria: Tale of the Sword-Wielding Princess!}}.

==Profile==
Arnold serves as the character informing the [[Traveler]] and their party, which included [[Paimon]], [[Mona]], [[Kaedehara Kazuha|Kazuha]], and [[Xinyan]], of the location of the second and third volumes of ''Hymn of the Holy Land''. He first introduces himself when he overhears the Traveler's party complaining of the cliffhanger at the end of the first volume. He responded that everyone wants to see how the story of the ''Hymn'' ends. This is what drew Mona's attention to him, which caused him to pluck up his courage as she came over to speak to him.

Arnold became smitten with Mona at first sight for her "great beauty," which caused him to reveal the location of the second volume when she asked. He was taken by surprise when Mona lost interest in him after receiving the answer. As she walked away, he made his romantic intentions clear by asking her if she was interested in his marital status or monthly income but was hurriedly and flatly rejected without Mona considering his offer for even a second.

He responds that by revealing the location of the volumes of the ''Hymn'', he was willing to endanger the national security of the Immernachtreich for Mona's affections, since it is the most sacred text of the Immernachtreich. The chance of starting a relationship with Mona is also the only reason he divulged this information to the Traveler's party. Unfortunately for Arnold, his affections were unreturned.

If spoken to before proceeding to the second volume, Arnold asks the Traveler why Mona was irritated and if something he said was inappropriate. He goes onto ask what he would have to do to win her love.

After the Traveler's party completed the second volume, Arnold was there waiting for them, to reveal the location of the third volume. He was initially upset when he thought Mona had forgotten his name but calmed down when she said she only meant to ask why he was there. By this point, Arnold had made peace with rejection, choosing to settle for only the ability to see her beauty. The Traveler and Paimon looked on at him disapprovingly. He told them the location of the third and final volume of the ''Hymn''. Arnold went on to say that Mona's face was "captivating and full of wisdom," and recognized the rest of the party as heroes of "some renown." He said he believed she did not have malicious intentions and only wanted to enjoy and appreciate the message of the ''Hymn''.

If the Traveler speaks with him before leaving for the third volume, he will appear troubled before collecting himself. He appears to still be talking to Mona, as he asks if the listener, a "good lady," would join him for coffee, tea, or hot chocolate. Then he says if she does not wish to, he can accept that and will maintain distance, remaining with her only in spirit while she enjoys a drink on her own. He reiterates that he's happy if she's happy.

Later, while the Traveler was assisting with the Twilight Theater's performance of the play "Tale of the Sword-Wielding Princess," Arnold was in the audience for one of the parts, wishing he could be an actor himself. When an actor playing a young guard ran off, the Traveler and Paimon found Arnold nearby and had him replace the guard. Although he had few lines, the audience and theater staff complimented his performance afterwards.

===Appearance===
He has a standard appearance for a subject of the Immernachtreich, being a night raven statue with a purple scarf.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Arnold
|zhs     = 阿诺德
|zhs_rm  = Ānuòdé
|zht     = 阿諾德
|zht_rm  = Ānuòdé
|ja      = アーノルド
|ja_rm   = Aanorudo
|ko      = 아널드
|es      = Arnold
|fr      = Arnold
|ru      = Арнольд
|th      = Arnold
|vi      = Arnold
|de      = Arnold
|id      = Arnold
|pt      = Arnold
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Arnold]]