{{Act Infobox
|image          = Aroma of the Past.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Of Ballads and Brews
|actNum         = III
|prev           = Bonds of Melody
|next           = 
}}
'''Aroma of the Past''' is the third act of the [[Of Ballads and Brews]] event.

==Quests==
* [[Aroma of the Past (Quest)|Aroma of the Past]]

==Summary==
Two days after the events of [[Bonds of Melody]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] decide to go check the [[Knights of Favonius]] regarding the ingredient for [[Razor]]'s Thousand-Wind Wine that will represent the institution.

As they enter the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters|Knights of Favonius headquarters]], they see [[Noelle]] chasing after [[Sucrose]], the Traveler and Paimon's appearance stopping her. Noelle and Sucrose then explain the ingredient they're going to present, called Quadruple-Sweetness [[Sunsettia]], a special Sunsettia that has been processed by Sucrose' [[Alchemy|Bio-Alchemy]] after Noelle's tenacious research of sweet-flavored ingredients that exist around [[Mondstadt]]. Razor comes out from the headquarters' library, and Sucrose promptly disappears, leaving Noelle to present the fruit alone, although the group tells Razor about Sucrose's involvement which he appreciates.

As all the ingredients have been collected, the Traveler, Paimon, and Razor head towards [[Angel's Share]] stand in [[Springvale]] festival market to procure the barrel given by [[Diluc]].

Arriving there, the group is instead greeted by flustered [[Klee]] and furious [[Diona]], who heard Klee's incomplete story and assumed that Razor is interested in becoming a wine drinker, much to everyone's confusion. The traveler and Paimon set the story straight for Diona, making her agree to help mix Razor's wine brew with her mixologist magic. After completing the brew, Diona leaves to keep an eye on her [[Draff|father]]. The Traveler, Paimon, Razor, and Klee then discuss where they should head next. Based on [[Venti|Venti's]] song, they deduce that the wine should be placed somewhere exposed to the wind and head towards [[Windrise]].

Under the [[Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero]], the group finds Venti waiting for them. He offers Razor the final ingredient to complete his Thousand-Wind Wine, namely some [[Dandelion Seed|Dandelion Seeds]] that should be added to the mix at the last second to capture the wind in order to preserve its memory in the wine. He also explains that Thousand-Wind Wine is the original [[Dandelion Wine]] and the reason why it tastes different from brew to brew is because people always have the freedom to add whatever ingredients they want when brewing it.

Hearing Venti's explanation, Razor muses that he still doesn't understand who his parents really were, but he knows his wine contains friendship and is grateful to everyone who has helped him brew his own Thousand-Wind Wine. He is happy and vows to open the wine together with everyone once he grows up. The group then bury the wine barrel under the giant tree together.

The next day during Windcoming Day, everyone gathers in the festival market to attend the toasting ceremony. [[Bennett]] and Klee brought some wines loaned by Bennett's [[Bennett/Lore#Character Story 3|dads]] and [[Albedo]] as offering to the [[Barbatos|Anemo Archon]] so he may help Razor's cause. Venti soon takes the stage to perform the piece "Thousand-Wind Wine".

After the song is over and everyone opens their wine and toast, Klee is sad that she doesn't feel any wind, thinking that the Anemo Archon is unhappy with their offering and thus chose not to come. Paimon cheers her up, saying that the Anemo Archon can come in different forms. Klee then asks Razor if he feels the Anemo Archon's blessing and he says yes as he feels he has grown from the experience and is no longer afraid.

The group then explores the festival's venue when the wind starts blowing, much to Klee, Bennett, and Razor's delight. They ran off as the Traveler and Paimon looks at Venti, who winks and shushes them and summons his powers. Multiple Mondstadt characters are shown to share some times with their families or reminisce about familial figures who are important to them.

Razor takes a sniff out of his parents' Thousand-Wind Wine bottle once again and suddenly has vision of his parents, a pair of adventurers sitting together on a cliff, drinking from the same bottle of Thousand-Wind Wine which they deemed incomplete, and decided to save it for their son. His [[Razor's Mother|mother]] proposes the name Razor, which his [[Razor's Father|father]] likes and approves because it sounds like an adventurer's name. Razor reaches his hands out to them, but Klee's voice draws him out from his vision. He looks at his bottle, smiles, and joins the rest of the group.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Aroma of the Past
|zhs     = 自往昔飘起的酒香
|zhs_rm  = Zì Wǎngxī Piāoqǐ de Jiǔxiāng
|zht     = 自往昔飄起的酒香
|zht_rm  = Zì Wǎngxī Piāoqǐ de Jiǔxiāng
|zh_tl   = The Fragrance of Wine From the Past
|ja      = 往昔より漂う酒の香り
|ja_rm   = Ouseki yori Tadayou Sake no Kaori
|ja_tl   = The Wafting Fragrance of Wine From the Past
|ko      = 과거에서 풍겨온 술 향기
|ko_rm   = Gwageoeseo Punggyeoon Sul Hyanggi
|ko_tl   = Alcohol Aroma from the Past
|es      = Aroma de vino reminiscente
|es_tl   = Wine Aroma of Reminiscence
|fr      = Arôme du passé
|fr_tl   = Aroma of the Past
|ru      = Аромат вина из прошлого
|ru_tl   = Aroma of Wine From the Past
|th      = กลิ่นหอมไวน์โชยจากอดีต
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hương Rượu Thuở Xa Xưa
|vi_tl   = Wine Fragrance From the Old Times
|de      = Aroma der Vergangenheit
|de_tl   = Aroma of the Past
|id      = Aroma Masa Lalu
|id_tl   = Aroma of the Past
|pt      = Aroma do Passado
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Geçmişin Kokusu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Aroma del passato
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[es:Aroma de vino reminiscente]]
[[pt-br:Aroma do Passado]]