{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Artifacts
|tab2 = Sets
|tab3 = Stats
|tab4 = Distribution
|tab5 = Occurrence
|tab6 = Scaling
}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Inventory Artifacts.png
|type         = Item Types
|type2        = Inventory Categories
}}
'''Artifacts''' are items in ''[[Genshin Impact]]'' that can be equipped on [[Character]]s to increase their [[Stats]]. It is the second tab in the [[Inventory]].

There are 5 types of Artifacts that can be equipped: {{Item|Flower of Life|30|type=Icon}}, {{Item|Plume of Death|30|type=Icon}}, {{Item|Sands of Eon|30|type=Icon}}, {{Item|Goblet of Eonothem|30|type=Icon}}, and {{Item|Circlet of Logos|30|type=Icon}}. Only one of each type can be equipped on a character at a time.

All Artifacts have a main affix, commonly known as a main stat, with up to 4 minor affixes, commonly known as sub stats or secondary stats. These affixes can greatly increase the character's strength in combat. Certain artifact types, such as the Flower of Life and Plume of Death, can only come with a specific [[Artifact/Stats|main stat]], while other types can come with one of many main stats.

==How to Obtain==
Artifacts can be obtained in the following ways:
* [[Investigation]] Spots
* [[Chest]]s
* Destroying [[Tumbleweed]]s
* Defeating [[Elite Enemies]] and [[Bosses]]
* Claiming rewards from Petrified Trees in [[Domains of Blessing]]
* Acquiring [[Spiral Abyss/Chamber's Bounty|Chamber Bounties]] in the [[Spiral Abyss]]

At the highest Domain level, Artifact Domains averages at 1 5-Star featured artifact and 1.5 4-Star featured artifacts. Featured artifacts each have 50% to be either of the two types.

A maximum of 2,100 Artifacts can be in a player's [[Inventory]] at a time. If the player tries to collect another Artifact, a special notice will appear on-screen.

Some [[NPC]]s have dialogue branches that give the player one artifact. There are also [[Shops#Artifacts|NPCs who sell 2★ artifacts]].

==Usage==
===Equipping===
Artifacts can be equipped on characters from the [[Character]] > Artifacts > Switch Menu or the [[Inventory]] > Artifacts > Details > Fast Equip Menu.

In the Switch menu, artifact affixes are shown side by side In the Fast Equip menu, artifact affixes are compared to what is added and removed.

===Enhancing===
{{Main|Artifact EXP}}
Artifacts require [[Artifact EXP]] and [[Mora]] to enhance. Artifact EXP can be acquired through [[Artifact Enhancement Material]]s or from using other Artifacts as Enhancement Materials.

On the enhancement screen, press the {{Icon|Settings}} icon to open the pop-up to enable "Enhance to Next Tier" function. When this is enabled, the "Auto Add" button changes to "Enhance to Next Tier" and only enough enhancement material to reach Level 4/8/12/16 will be added.

In [[Settings]] > Other, enable "Allow Auto Adding 5-Star Artifacts as Enhancement Materials" to show the "5-Star Materials and Under" option when adding auto adding enhancement materials.

1 point of EXP costs {{Item|Mora|20|x=1}} except when recycling an already-leveled artifact.

Upgrading a full set of 5{{star}} artifacts to level 20 will cost 270,475 × 5 = 1,352,375 Artifact EXP & [[Mora]].

===Destroying===
1-Star to 4-Star Artifacts can be destroyed for [[Mora]], and up to 100 Artifacts can be destroyed at a time. The Artifact must be at Level 0 (+0) with 0 EXP. The Mora received is 420/840/1260/2520 depending on the quality, which is equal to the Mora it would cost to use the [[Artifact EXP#Using Artifacts as Artifact EXP|Artifact as Artifact EXP]].

5-Star Artifacts cannot be destroyed for Mora, but they can be used on [[Mystic Offering]]s which will give back one [[Artifact Strongbox]].

===Lock Assistance===
The "Lock Assistance" function allows 5-Star Artifacts to be locked based on certain criteria. It can be accessed from the [[Inventory]].

General Settings include settings that apply to all Artifact sets to lock, each of which can be enabled separately. These include:
* Automatically Lock 5-Star Artifacts That Meet Requirements
* General Lock Plan Settings
** '''Any Slot'''<br>Automatically lock Artifacts with both {{Color|bp|CRIT Rate}} and {{Color|bp|CRIT DMG}} as Minor Affixes
** '''Goblets of Eonothem'''<br>Goblets of Eonothem with {{Color|bp|Elemental DMG Bonus or Physical DMG Bonus}} as their Main Affix will be automatically locked
** '''Circlets of Logos'''<br>Circlets of Logos with {{Color|bp|CRIT Rate}} as their Main Affix will be automatically locked
** '''Circlets of Logos'''<br>Circlets of Logos with {{Color|bp|CRIT DMG}} as their Main Affix will be automatically locked
* Set lock Plan
** For Artifacts with only 3 Minor Affixes, the plan's number of required Minor Affixes will be reduced by 1

For each artifact set, 2 "Set Plans" can be created with Lock Settings based on Main Affix and Minor Affixes. The main affix of Sands of Eon, Goblet of Eonothem, and Circlet of Logos can be selected separately. Minor affixes apply to all pieces and can select to include any 1 to and 4 of the selected affixes. Plans can be reset to used Default Settings based on recent activity data.

The "Use Recommended Settings" function use the Recommended Settings for General Lock Plan and Set Lock Plan based on player data.

The "Quick Unlock" function displays the number of sets that do not meet the locking criteria and allows unlocking each set individual.

The "Quick Lock" function displays the number of sets that not meet the locking criteria and allows locking all sets or each set individual. A confirmation dialog display the artifacts that will be locked.

===Recommendations===
In the [[Character/Menu|Characters]] > Artifacts menu, select {{Icon|Artifact Set Recommendation}} to display the recommended artifact sets for the current character.

In the Characters > Artifacts > Switch menu, select "Recommended Affixes" to display the recommended main affix for the current artifact piece for the current character.

Recommendations are based on data sourced from recently active players.

===Fast Equip===
{{Main|Character/Menu#Fast Equip}}
In the Characters > Artifacts, select Fast Equip and Quick Configuration or Custom Configuration to generate a lineup of artifacts based on recent active player data.

===Salvage===
Artifacts can be salvaged for the [[Artifact Enhancement Material]]s {{Item|Sanctifying Unction}} and {{Item|Sanctifying Essence}}, and up to 1000 Artifacts can be salvaged at a time. Artifacts can only be salvaged if they are not be enhanced, are not locked, and are not equipped by characters.

The amount of {{Item|Artifact EXP|20|text=EXP}} generated through Salvaging Artifacts is 420/840/1260/2520/3780 depending on the quality, which is equal to [[Artifact EXP#Using Artifacts as Artifact EXP|using Artifact as Artifact EXP]]. 

Every 2,500 EXP generated through Salvaging will produce {{Item|Sanctifying Unction}} ×1 and every 10,000 EXP for {{Item|Sanctifying Essence}} ×1. EXP generated in excess of these portions will be saved for use in future Salvage actions.

===Definition===
Using the [[Artifact Transmuter]], a certain number of [[Sanctifying Elixir]] can be exchanged to define artifacts of a specific set, specific main affix, and 2 specific minor affixes.
{|class="wikitable tdc2"
!Piece
!{{Item|Sanctifying Elixir|20|text=Cost}}
|-
|{{Item|Flower of Life|20|type=Icon}}
|1
|-
|{{Item|Plume of Death|20|type=Icon}}
|1
|-
|{{Item|Sands of Eon|20|type=Icon}}
|2
|-
|{{Item|Goblet of Eonothem|20|type=Icon}}
|4
|-
|{{Item|Circlet of Logos|20|type=Icon}}
|3
|}
Each Artifact Set can be defined only 1 time per cycle.

===Extraction===
Using the [[Artifact Transmuter]], upgraded Artifacts can be extracted to [[Sanctifying Elixir]]. Up to 25 Artifacts can be selected to be extracted at once. A maximum of 1 Sanctifying Elixir can be produced each cycle. Each Sanctifying Elixir requires {{Item|Extraction Progress|20|notext=1}} 100 Extraction Progress. Excess Extraction Progress is saved for the next Extraction.

Artifacts used in Extraction must be 5-star Artifacts of Level 4 or higher. When extracting an Artifact, the amount of Extraction Progress gained will be determined by the Level of the Artifact being used, as follows:
* Artifacts of Level 4 to 11: Points equal to Artifact level
* Artifacts of Level 12 to 15: Points equal to Artifact level + 2 Points
* Artifacts of Level 16 to 19: Points equal to Artifact level + 6 Points
* Artifacts of Level 20: 30 points

When taking into consideration Progress Points granted and Artifact enhancement experience cost, low level Artifacts are more efficient overall.
{|class="wikitable align-center"
!Artifact Level
!Additional Points
!Total Points
!Artifact EXP/Point
|-
|4
|rowspan="8"|0
|4
|4,075
|-
|5
|5
|4,440
|-
|6
|6
|4,813
|-
|7
|7
|5,196
|-
|8
|8
|5,591
|-
|9
|9
|5,994
|-
|10
|10
|6,408
|-
|11
|11
|6,830
|-
|12
|rowspan="4"|2
|14
|6,225
|-
|13
|15
|6,678
|-
|14
|16
|7,208
|-
|15
|17
|7,819
|-
|16
|rowspan="4"|6
|22
|6,968
|-
|17
|23
|7,687
|-
|18
|24
|8,494
|-
|19
|25
|9,396
|-
|20
|10
|30
|9,016
|}

==Artifact Sets==
{{Main|Artifact/Sets}}
'''Artifact Sets''' are different kinds of artifacts that have different Set Bonuses depending on how many are of that set are equipped on a character.
{{Artifact List}}

==Stats==
{{Main|Artifact/Stats}}
Each artifact has one main stat, determined by the artifact's type/slot. Its value at each level is determined by the stat and the artifact's quality. Main stats include HP, HP%, ATK, ATK%, DEF%, Elemental Mastery, Energy Recharge%, Elemental Damage Bonus% for each of the 7 playable [[Elements]], Physical DMG Bonus%, Crit Rate%, Crit DMG%, and Healing Bonus, but not all stats are available for all artifacts.

Along with the main stat, artifacts have up to 4 sub-stats that are all different from the main stat. For every 4 levels that an artifact gains, an additional sub-stat is added unless the artifact already has 4 sub-stats, in which case a random sub-stat is upgraded. Sub-stats include HP, HP%, ATK, ATK%, DEF, DEF%, Elemental Mastery, Energy Recharge%, Crit Rate%, and Crit DMG%.

==Tutorials==
{{Tutorial|Swipe to Select Artifacts; Artifact Definition and Extraction}}

==Descriptions==
{{Description|Use the Artifact Locking system and Lock Assistance function to manage large quantities of Artifacts more easily.<br><br>'''Lock Assistance: Auto-Lock'''<br>After activating Auto-Lock, you will automatically lock any 5-star Artifacts that fulfill the requirements you have set.<br><br>'''Lock Assistance: General Lock Plan'''<br>You can configure a General Lock Plan for Artifacts. Once you have done so, all 5-star Artifacts that meet the General Lock Plan requirements will be locked.<br><br>'''Lock Assistance: Set Lock Plan'''<br>You can create custom lock requirements for different Artifact Sets. Once you have done so and have enabled this setting, all 5-star Artifacts within Sets for which you have configured a Set Lock Plan that meet the Set Lock Plan requirements will be locked.<br><br>'''Lock Assistance: Quick Unlock'''<br>Adjust your Artifacts using this feature by unlocking all Artifacts that are {{Color|bp|locked but not marked}} in a selected Artifact Set.<br><br>'''Lock Assistance: Quick Lock'''<br>Quick Lock lets you search for, select, and lock all 5-star Artifacts that meet the requirements.|Lock Assistance, [[Inventory]]}}
{{Description|'''Quick Configuration'''<br>1. Using Quick Configuration, you will put together a lineup of artifacts for reference {{Color|help|based on recent active player data}}.<br>2. If a recommended artifact lineup that matches your filter cannot be generated, then one without any Set Bonus will simply be generated based on recommended Main Affixes, at which point some unexpected combinations may occur. If a lineup cannot be generated even so, then some part(s) of the result may turn up empty, or you may be unable to create any lineup at all.<br>3. Using Quick Configuration will only put together a lineup of artifacts from {{Color|help|ones that are not equipped on any other character.}}<br><br>'''Custom Configuration: Edit Filters'''<br>Custom Configuration data will be saved based on the settings laid out for each character. When using a Custom Configuration, you can edit the following:<br>{{Color|help|1. Main Affix:}} Only artifacts that match the correct Main Affix will be selected. When you edit a Custom Configuration, you need to at least select the Main Affix for your Sands of Eon, Goblet of Eonothem, and Circlet of Logos.<br>{{Color|help|2. Set Type:}} Selecting 1 artifact set will generate a lineup that contains a 4-piece set of artifacts from that set. Selecting 2 artifact sets will generate a lineup that contains two 2-piece sets from those set types. If you do not select an artifact set, you will not be limited to any artifact set in lineup generation, but again, unexpected combinations may occur.<br>{{Color|help|3. Minor Affixes:}} You can select priority and secondary Minor Affixes, up to a maximum of 3. Minor Affixes at the same priority tier will be selected for in no particular order.<br>{{Color|help|4. Recommend Stats:}} When usable data exists, the Recommend Stats function can be used. The Recommend Stats function will automatically sort and add main affixes, Artifact Set type, and minor affixes to the current lineup based on data gathered from recently active players.<br>{{Color|help|5.Other:}} You can also select whether or not to use artifacts that are not equipped on any other character. This decision will affect the generation process.<br><br>'''Custom Configuration: Generate'''<br>1. If your Inventory does not contain artifacts that match your Main Affix filter, such that you will not be able to generate 4-piece sets or 2-piece sets of your preference, there is a chance that the generation process will fail. At this time, you may adjust your filters and try again.<br>2. When previewing affixes for your plan, the various attributes of the character will only account for their own stats plus weapons and artifacts, and will not take the current party's Elemental Resonance, Ley Line Disorders, or other conditions into account.<br>3. If your current filters have Minor Affix priority, then the candidate artifacts will be sorted with reference to said filters.|Fast Equip Artifacts, [[Character Menu]]}}
{{Description|'''Function Details'''<br>You can salvage Artifacts for EXP, which can then be converted into Artifact EXP Materials.<br>Artifacts must fulfill the following criteria for salvage: They must not be enhanced, not locked, and not equipped by a character.<br><br>'''Conversion Rules'''<br>Every 10,000 EXP generated through Salvaging will produce 1 Sanctifying Essence; every 2,500 EXP generated through Salvaging will produce 1 Sanctifying Unction.<br>EXP generated in excess of these portions will be saved for use in future Salvage actions.<br><br>The amount of EXP generated through Salvaging Artifacts is {{Color|help|exactly the same}} as the amount provided when using them as EXP Materials.<br>Whether using Artifacts for salvage or as EXP Materials, they will generate the following amount of EXP according to their quality:<br>·1-star: 420<br>·2-star: 840<br>·3-star: 1,260<br>·4-star: 2,520<br>·5-star: 3,780|Rules, Artifact Salvage, [[Inventory]]}}
{{Description|Artifact Definition: Consume Sanctifying Elixir to create a specific 5-star Artifact.<br>Artifact Extraction: Consume Artifacts to accumulate Extraction progress and obtain Sanctifying Elixir.<br><br>'''Defined Artifacts'''<br>When Defining an Artifact, you must choose its {{Color|help|Set}}, {{Color|help|Piece}}, {{Color|help|Main Affix}}, and {{Color|help|2 Minor Affixes}}.<br>After the Definition is complete, Sanctifying Elixir will be consumed to generate the Artifact Piece you have designated.<br>A single Artifact Set may undergo one designation per cycle, regardless of Piece.<br><br>The different Pieces will have differing Sanctifying Elixir costs as follows:<br>·Flower of Life, Plume of Death: 1<br>·Sands of Eon: 2<br>·Circlet of Logos: 3<br>·Goblet of Eonothem: 4<br><br>'''Extracting Sanctifying Elixir'''<br>Artifacts used in Extraction must be 5-star Artifacts of Lv. 4 or higher.<br>Extraction Progress granted per Artifact depends on its Level, and 1 Sanctifying Elixir shall be granted once a specific progress value is reached. The higher the Artifact's Level, the greater the progress granted.<br>The amount of Elixir that can be Extracted per cycle is limited.<br><br>Artifacts of different Levels will grant Extraction progress points as follows*:<br>·Level 4 – 11: Points equal to Artifact Level<br>·Level 12 – 15: Artifact Level +2 Points<br>·Level 16 – 19: Artifact Level +6 Points<br>·Level 20: 30 Points<br><br>*Though higher-level Artifacts do grant more progress points, when both Extraction progress points and the Artifact enhancement experience are taken into account, {{Color|help|low level}} Artifacts are {{Color|help|more efficient}} overall.|Definition and Extraction, [[Artifact Transmuter]]}}

==Lore==
Artifacts are manifestations of memories and ideals.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Sanctifying Essence}}</ref> Artifacts often take the form of items from bygone days, and their previous owners are usually described in the artifacts' descriptions.

==Trivia==
* The types of Artifacts (Flower, Plume, etc.) were inspired by {{w|Tarot|tarot cards}} and the poem "{{w|Auguries of Innocence}}" written by {{w|William Blake}}.<ref>bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/read/mobile?id=10739818 PASH! Interview]</ref>

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/39SWbBnCl4g
|caption1 = Artifacts Farming Route (2.1)

|video2   = ZcmR9meKc7Q
|caption2 = Genshin Impact 72+ Aftifacts Daily in 10 mins
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Artifact
|zhs     = 圣遗物
|zhs_rm  = Shèng Yíwù
|zht     = 聖遺物
|zht_rm  = Shèng Yíwù
|zh_tl   = Sacred Relic
|ja      = 聖遺物
|ja_rm   = Sei Ibutsu
|ja_tl   = Sacred Relic{{Sino|ja}}
|ko      = {{tt|성유물|聖遺物}}
|ko_rm   = Seongyumul
|ko_tl   = Sacred Relic{{Sino|ko}}
|es      = Artefacto
|es_tl   = Artifact
|fr      = Artéfact
|fr_tl   = Artifact
|ru      = Артефакт
|ru_tl   = Artifact
|th      = อาร์ติแฟกต์
|th_rm   = A-ti-faek
|th_tl   = Artifact
|vi      = {{tt|Thánh Di Vật|聖遺物}}
|vi_tl   = Sacred Relic{{Sino|vi}}
|de      = Artefakt
|de_tl   = Artifact
|id      = Artefak
|id_tl   = Artifact
|pt      = Artefato
|pt_tl   = Artifact
|tr      = Yadigar
|tr_tl   = Relic
|it      = Manufatto
|it_tl   = Artifact
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}

[[es:Artefactos]]
[[fr:Artéfact]]
[[id:Artefak]]
[[ja:聖遺物]]
[[pl:Artefakty]]
[[pt-br:Artefatos]]
[[ru:Артефакты]]
[[th:อาร์ติแฟกต์]]
[[tr:Yadigâr]]
[[uk:Артефакти]]
[[vi:Thánh Di Vật]]
[[zh:聖遺物]]