{{Change History/Header}}
[[Version 5.5]]
* Added "Sanctifying Elixir Definition" source.
* Added ability to salvage leveled Artifacts.
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Derelict Masonry Dock]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Long Night's Oath|20}}
** {{Item|Finale of the Deep Galleries|20}}
----
[[Version 5.3]]
* Increased Artifact [[Inventory]] capacity from 1,800 to 2,100.
* Added number of times each Minor Affixes has been enhanced to Artifact enhance and compare menus.
----
[[Version 5.2]]
* Added "Marked" status.
* Renamed "Artifact Auto-Lock" to "Lock Assistance."
* Updated Lock Assistance function:
** Adjusted layout.
** Added "Automatically lock Artifacts with both CRIT Rate and CRIT DMG as Minor Affixes."
** Added certain Minor Affix to be set as a "Required Affix" in "Set Lock Plans."
** Added different Minor Affix requirements to be set for different slots in "Set Lock Plans."
** Added "Recommended Plan" for each Set which will automatically update.
** Added "Delete Plans" function which to remove "Set Lock Plans."
----
[[Version 5.1]]
* Added "Allow Auto Adding of 5-Star Artifacts as Enhancement Materials" option to "Input Settings" interface, which was originally accessed from "[[Settings]] > Others" interface.
----
[[Version 5.0]]
* Added "Artifact Definition" and "Artifact Extraction" with [[Artifact Transmuter]] and [[Sanctifying Elixir]].
* Added "Artifact Salvage" to [[Artifact Enhancement Material]].
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Sanctum of Rainbow Spirits]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Obsidian Codex|20}}
** {{Item|Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City|20}}
----
[[Version 4.8]]
* Added setting in the "General Settings" of the "Artifact Auto-Lock" function for Artifacts with 3 Minor Affixes, the locked plan will consider conditions like "Includes any 2/3/4 of the following Minor Affixes" will be treated as "Includes any 1/2/3 of the following Minor Affixes."
----
[[Version 4.7]]
* Added "Recommended Stats" feature to Fast Equip > Custom Configuration of "Fast Equip Artifacts" function.
* Optimized the control experience when pressing and holding to add or reduce [[Artifact EXP Material]]s.
----
[[Version 4.6]]
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Faded Theater]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy|20}}
** {{Item|Unfinished Reverie|20}}
----
[[Version 4.4]]
* Added "Fast Equip Artifacts" function with Quick Configuration and Custom Configuration to [[Character/Menu|Characters]] > Artifacts menu.
----
[[Version 4.3]]
* Added "Automatic Locking", "Quick Unlock", "Enhance to Next Tier" functions.
* Increased max number of attributes to sort by from 2 to 3.
* Increased max number of items to consume from 6 to 15.
* Removed popup and show display enhancement information on original screen after leveling up.
* Added option to auto add 5-Star Artifacts as Enhancement Materials.
* Added filtering multiple Artifact Sets at the same time.
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Waterfall Wen]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods|20}}
** {{Item|Song of Days Past|20}}
----
[[Version 4.0]]
* Increased Artifact [[Inventory]] capacity from 1,500 to 1,800.
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Denouement of Sin]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Golden Troupe|20}}
** {{Item|Marechaussee Hunter|20}}
----
[[Version 3.6]]
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Molten Iron Fortress]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Vourukasha's Glow|20}}
** {{Item|Nymph's Dream|20}}
----
[[Version 3.3]]
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[City of Gold]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Desert Pavilion Chronicle|20}}
** {{Item|Flower of Paradise Lost|20}}
----
[[Version 3.0]]
* Added {{Color|[[Dendro DMG Bonus]]}} to the primary attribute of the Goblet of Eonothem artifact.
** The drop rates of Goblet of Eonothem main stats were updated as follows:
::{| class="wikitable sortable"
! Attribute !! Old Drop Rate !! New Drop Rate
|-
| HP% || 21.25% || {{Highlight|19.25%}}
|-
| ATK% || 21.25% || {{Highlight|19.25%}}
|-
| DEF% || 20.00% || {{Highlight|19%}}
|-
| {{Color|Pyro DMG Bonus}}% || 5.00% || 5.00%
|-
| {{Color|Electro DMG Bonus}}% || 5.00% || 5.00%
|-
| {{Color|Cryo DMG Bonus}}% || 5.00% || 5.00%
|-
| {{Color|Hydro DMG Bonus}}% || 5.00% || 5.00%
|-
| {{Color|Dendro DMG Bonus}}% || Null || {{Highlight|5.00%}}
|-
| {{Color|Anemo DMG Bonus}}% || 5.00% || 5.00%
|-
| {{Color|Geo DMG Bonus}}% || 5.00% || 5.00%
|-
| {{Color|Physical DMG Bonus}}% || 5.00% || 5.00%
|-
| Elemental Mastery || 2.50% || 2.50%
|}
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Spire of Solitary Enlightenment]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Deepwood Memories|20}}
** {{Item|Gilded Dreams|20}}
----
[[Version 2.8]]
* Updated the attribute filtering of Artifacts to give priority to displaying Artifacts whose primary attribute is the filtered attribute.
----
[[Version 2.7]]
* Added the ability to reference an Artifact's recommended main attribute based on the choices of other players.
----
[[Version 2.6]]
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[The Lost Valley]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Vermillion Hereafter|20}}
** {{Item|Echoes of an Offering|20}}
----
[[Version 2.5]]
* Added icon hints to the Artifacts filtering interface.
* Added ability to filter Artifacts by 2 affixes in [[Character Menu]].
----
[[Version 2.3]]
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Slumbering Court]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Husk of Opulent Dreams|20}}
** {{Item|Ocean-Hued Clam|20}}
* Added ability to lock Artifacts in the acquisition screen.
----
[[Version 2.2]]
* Increased Artifact [[Inventory]] capacity from 1,000 to 1,500.
----
[[Version 2.0]]
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Momiji-Dyed Court]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Emblem of Severed Fate|20}}
** {{Item|Shimenawa's Reminiscence|20}}
----
[[Version 1.6]]
* 4-Star Artifacts can now be destroyed for [[Mora]].
----
[[Version 1.5]]
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Ridge Watch]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Tenacity of the Millelith|20}}
** {{Item|Pale Flame|20}}
----
[[Version 1.2]]
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Peak of Vindagnyr]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Blizzard Strayer|20}}
** {{Item|Heart of Depth|20}}
----
[[Version 1.1]]
* Players can now see the 1-Piece Bonus of Artifacts displayed under their Character's Artifact page even when two other set bonuses are active (e.g., Instructor 2-Piece and 4-Piece Bonus and Prayers of Wisdom 1-Piece Bonus).
* Equipped Artifacts now have the Character side icon in the corner instead of just a generic icon.
* Added 4-Star and Under Materials for Auto Add when Enhancing Artifacts.
----
[[Version 1.0]]
* Artifacts were released with:
** 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets:
*** {{Item|Archaic Petra|20}}
*** {{Item|Bloodstained Chivalry|20}}
*** {{Item|Crimson Witch of Flames|20}}
*** {{Item|Gladiator's Finale|20}}
*** {{Item|Lavawalker|20}}
*** {{Item|Maiden Beloved|20}}
*** {{Item|Noblesse Oblige|20}}
*** {{Item|Retracing Bolide|20}}
*** {{Item|Thundering Fury|20}}
*** {{Item|Thundersoother|20}}
*** {{Item|Viridescent Venerer|20}}
*** {{Item|Wanderer's Troupe|20}}
** 3 to 4 Star Artifact Sets:
*** {{Item|Berserker|20}}
*** {{Item|Brave Heart|20}}
*** {{Item|Defender's Will|20}}
*** {{Item|Gambler|20}}
*** {{Item|Instructor|20}}
*** {{Item|Martial Artist|20}}
*** {{Item|Prayers for Destiny|20}}
*** {{Item|Prayers for Illumination|20}}
*** {{Item|Prayers for Wisdom|20}}
*** {{Item|Prayers to Springtime|20}}
*** {{Item|Resolution of Sojourner|20}}
*** {{Item|Scholar|20}}
*** {{Item|The Exile|20}}
*** {{Item|Tiny Miracle|20}}
** 1 to 3 Star Artifact Sets:
*** {{Item|Adventurer|20}}
*** {{Item|Lucky Dog|20}}
*** {{Item|Traveling Doctor|20}}
** 1 Star Artifact Sets:
*** {{Item|Initiate|20}}
<noinclude>


[[pt-br:Artefatos/Histórico de Mudanças]]
[[ru:Артефакты/История изменений]]
</noinclude>