{{Item Infobox
|id           = 113049
|title        = Ar&shy;ti&shy;ficed Spare Clock&shy;work Com&shy;po&shy;nent — Cop&shy;pe&shy;li&shy;a
|image        = Item Artificed Spare Clockwork Component — Coppelia.png
|type         = Character Level-Up Materials
|group        = Normal Boss Drops
|invCategory  = Character Development Items
|quality      = 4
|description  = An artificed spare clockwork component belonging to Coppelia. It powers this artificed dancer.<br>According to its [[Bossuet|creator]]'s design, the story of the artificed dancer with delicate joints ends at a merry moment. Coppelia will send whoever attempts to disturb that moment to a chapter of misfortune with her superb combat skills.
|source1      = Dropped by Lv. 30+ [[Icewind Suite: Dirge of Coppelia]]
}}
'''Artificed Spare Clockwork Component — Coppelia''' is a [[Character Level-Up Material]].

==Dropped By==
{{Dropped By|level=30}}

==Craft Usage==
{{Craft Usage}}

==Ascension Usage==
{{Ascension Usage}}

==Description==
{{Description|An artificed spare clockwork component belonging to Coppelia. It powers this artificed dancer.<br>
According to its creator's design, the story of the artificed dancer with delicate joints ends at a merry moment. Coppelia will send whoever attempts to disturb that moment to a chapter of misfortune with her superb combat skills.<br>The Icewind Suite's inspiration comes from "Clockwork Coppelia," a play that was only performed on stage once, and even then, staged only the first couple acts. The play's [[Coppelius|protagonist]] fell in love with Coppelia, a clockwork doll he invented that possessed what seemed to be a "human heart." Critics, artists, and writers had looked forward to the premiere, but during the first intermission, the [[cataclysm]] that would scar the [[Teyvat|world]] befell.<br>All that remained of the story was ruined theater advertisements in outdated magazines, and lines from the first couple acts — retold by audience members who had been present that day.<br>That was many years ago. The first brick of the [[Opera Epiclese]] hadn't been laid down, nor had the ruined theater been rebuilt, then sold and resold to a myriad of owners before eventually becoming what is known today as the [[Hotel Debord]]. But after centuries, the incomplete Clockwork Coppelia still inspires creators who yearn to depict golden eras or tragedies (and the two often coexist in one story), nor has it ceased to bring new ideas to engineers and inventors devoted to the arts.<br>|[[Archive]]}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Artificed Spare Clockwork Component &ndash; Coppelia
|zhs      = 奇械发条备件・歌裴莉娅
|zhs_rm   = Qíxiè Fātiáo Bèijiàn &ndash; Gēpéilìyà
|zht      = 奇械發條備件・歌裴莉婭
|zht_rm   = Qíxiè Fātiáo Bèijiàn &ndash; Gēpéilìyà
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 奇械部品・コッペリア
|ja_rm    = Kikai Buhin &ndash; Kopperia{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 오토마톤 태엽 감개・코펠리아
|ko_tl    = Automaton Winding Button &ndash; Coppelia
|es       = Recambio mecánico de Coppélia
|es_tl    = Coppelia's Mechanical Replacement Part
|fr       = Engrenage artificié de rechange&nbsp;: Coppelia
|fr_tl    = Artificied Spare Gear: Coppelia
|ru       = Запасная деталь чудного механизма: Коппелия
|ru_tl    = Strange Mechanism's Spare Component: Coppelia
|th       = Artificed Spare Clockwork Component &ndash; Coppelia
|vi       = Linh Kiện Dây Cót &ndash; Coppelia
|vi_tl    = Winding Component - Coppelia
|de       = Neuartiges Uhrwerk-Ersatzteil &ndash; Coppelia
|de_tl    = Novel Clockwork Spare Part &ndash; Coppelia
|id       = Artificed Spare Clockwork Component &ndash; Coppelia
|pt       = Componente Mecânico Reserva: Coppelia
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Usta İşi Yedek Kurmalı Parçası &ndash; Coppelia
|tr_tl    = Craftmaster's Spare Winding Part &ndash; Coppelia
|it       = Componente meccanico di ricambio artificiale (Coppelia)
|it_tl    = Artificial Spare Mechanic Component (Coppelia)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Development Item Navbox|Character Level-Up Materials}}

[[es:Recambio mecánico de Coppélia]]
[[fr:Engrenage artificié de rechange : Coppelia]]
[[ja:奇械部品・コッペリア]]
[[pt-br:Componente Mecânico Reserva: Coppelia]]
[[ru:Запасная деталь чудного механизма: Коппелия]]
[[tr:Usta İşi Yedek Kurmalı Parçası - Coppelia]]
[[vi:Linh Kiện Dây Cót - Coppelia]]
[[zh:奇械發條備件·歌裴莉婭]]