{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Item Sanctifying Essence.png
|type         = Experience
|rarity       = 
|description  = Artifact EXP, used to level up artifacts.
|source1      = [[Artifacts]]
|source2      = [[Artifact EXP Material]]
}}
'''Artifact EXP''' can be gained by using [[Artifact EXP Material]]s or using other [[Artifacts]] as fodder.

==Artifact EXP Materials==
Sanctifying Oils can be used to upgrade artifacts.
{{Card|Sanctifying Unction|2,500EXP|show_caption=1|stars=1}}
{{Card|Sanctifying Essence|10,000EXP|show_caption=1|stars=1}}

==Artifact Leveling Table==
While leveling artifacts, 1 point of EXP costs 1 [[Mora]] except when recycling an already-leveled artifact (See Below).

Upgrading a Set of 5{{star}} [[Artifacts]] will cost 270,475 × 5 = 1,352,375 EXP & [[Mora]].

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
!Current<br />Level
! colspan="5" |EXP to Next Level<br />(Cumulative EXP)
|-
!Rarity!!{{Icon/Stars|5}}!!{{Icon/Stars|4}}!!{{Icon/Stars|3}}!!{{Icon/Stars|2}}!!{{Icon/Stars|1}}
|-
|0||3,000 ||2,400||1,800||1,200||600
|-
|1||3,725<br />(3,000)||2,975<br />(2,400)||2,225<br />(1,800)||1,500<br />(1,200)||750<br />(600)
|-
|2||4,425<br />(6,725)||3,550<br />(5,375)||2,650<br />(4,025)||1,775<br />(2,700)||875<br />(1,350)
|-
|3||5,150<br />(11,150)||4,125<br />(8,925)||3,100<br />(6,675)||2,050<br />(4,475)||1,025<br />(2,225)
|-
|4||5,900<br />(16,300)||4,725<br />(13,050)||3,550<br />(9,775)||'''MAXED<br />(6,525)'''||'''MAXED<br />(3,250)'''
|-
|5||6,675<br />(22,200)||5,350<br />(17,775)||4,000<br />(13,325)|| rowspan="16" |  || rowspan="16" |
|-
|6||7,500<br />(28,875)||6,000<br />(23,125)||4,500<br />(17,325)
|-
|7||8,350<br />(36,375)||6,675<br />(29,125)||5,000<br />(21,825)
|-
|8||9,225<br />(44,725)||7,375<br />(35,800)||5,525<br />(26,825)
|-
|9||10,125<br />(53,950)||8,100<br />(43,175)||6,075<br />(32,350)
|-
|10||11,050<br />(64,075)||8,850<br />(51,275)||6,625<br />(38,425)
|-
|11||12,025<br />(75,125)||9,625<br />(60,125)||7,225<br />(45,050)
|-
|12||13,025<br />(87,150)||10,425<br />(69,750)||'''MAXED<br />(52,275)'''
|-
|13||15,150<br />(100,175)||12,125<br />(80,175)|| rowspan="8" |
|-
|14||17,600<br />(115,325)||14,075<br />(92,300)
|-
|15||20,375<br />(132,925)||16,300<br />(106,375)
|-
|16||23,500<br />(153,300)||'''MAXED<br />(122,675)'''
|-
|17||27,050<br />(176,800)|| rowspan="4" |
|-
|18||31,050<br />(203,850)
|-
|19||35,575<br />(234,900)
|-
|20||'''MAXED<br />(270,475)'''
|}

==Using Artifacts as Artifact EXP==
When consuming an enhanced artifact, in addition to the Base EXP granted, 80% of the EXP used for its upgrades will be recovered at no extra Mora. For example, using a {{Icon/Stars|4}} Level 16 artifact is worth 100,660 EXP (2,520 + 0.8 × 122,675), and costs 2,520 Mora.

A consumed artifact's EXP value is based on its rarity:
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
!Rarity!!Base EXP!!Mora Cost
|-
|{{Icon/Stars|1}}||420|| 420
|-
|{{Icon/Stars|2}}||840||840
|-
|{{Icon/Stars|3}}||1,260||1,260
|-
|{{Icon/Stars|4}}||2,520||2,520
|-
|{{Icon/Stars|5}}||3,780||3,780
|}

==EXP Bonus Multipliers==
Upon enhancing an artifact, there is a small chance that the artifact will receive ×2–5 the normal amount of EXP. This results in an average of 113% of the normal EXP if there is no wasted overflow (before the 20% tax).

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
!EXP Multiplier!!Chance
|-
| ×1 || 90%
|-
| ×2 || 9%
|-
| ×5 || 1%
|}

==Farming Artifacts for Artifact EXP==
===Artifacts from Domains===
At the highest domain level, a single domain run has a mean artifact exp equivalent to '''{{nowrap|14,767 EXP}}'''.<ref name="GDGT">Genshin Data Gathering Team: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RcuniapqS6nOP05OCH0ui10Vo3bWu0AvFbhgcHzTybY Drop Rates]</ref> With mean artifact exp of '''738''' per resin, '''19 runs''' are required to have enough artifact exp to fully upgrade a single 5★ artifact, without accounting bonus multipliers or artifact exclusions.

At the highest world level, a single trounce domain run has a mean artifact exp equivalent to '''{{nowrap|17,098 EXP}}'''.<ref name="GDGT" /> With 6 trounce domains per week, they contribute a mean artifact exp of '''380''' per resin.

===Artifacts from Investigation===
By using daily resetting [[investigation]] in places that drop artifacts, it is possible to gather each day without resin around 20× 2★ Artifacts and 100× 1★ Artifacts for around '''{{nowrap|60,000 EXP}}''', which is worth 4 Domains worth of Artifact EXP or 80 [[Original Resin]].<!-- Average for different days of farming by only investigating artifacts drop spots in Liyue/Dragonspine and Inazuma. Due to the daily investigation cap, the number shouldn't evolve considerably in the future. -->

===Artifacts from Shops===
{{Main|Shops#Artifacts}}
As of [[Version 3.0]], a total of 25× 2★ artifacts are available for purchase from NPCs every week. As they cost 2,000 Mora each (50,000 Mora total for 25 artifacts per week) and amount to a total of '''{{nowrap|21,000 EXP}}''', buying artifacts from shops provides 70% more EXP per [[Original Resin]] (assuming 16.66 Resin spent to get 50,000 Mora from [[Ley Line Outcrops|Blossoms of Wealth]]) than domain runs.

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{EXP Navbox|Item Sources}}

[[pt-br:EXP de Artefato]]
[[vi:EXP Thánh Di Vật]]