[[Version 2.8]]
* Updated the attribute filtering of Artifacts to give priority to displaying Artifacts whose primary attribute is the filtered attribute.
----
[[Version 2.7]]
* Added the ability to reference an Artifact's recommended main attribute based on the choices of other players.
----
[[Version 2.6]]
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[The Lost Valley]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Vermillion Hereafter|20}}
** {{Item|Echoes of an Offering|20}}
----
[[Version 2.5]]
* Added icon hints to the Artifacts filtering interface.
* Added ability to filter Artifacts by 2 affixes in [[Character Menu]].
----
[[Version 2.3]]
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Slumbering Court]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Husk of Opulent Dreams|20}}
** {{Item|Ocean-Hued Clam|20}}
* Added ability to lock Artifacts in the acquisition screen.
----
[[Version 2.2]]
* Increased Artifact [[Inventory]] capacity from 1,000 to 1,500.
----
[[Version 2.0]]
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Momiji-Dyed Court]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Emblem of Severed Fate|20}}
** {{Item|Shimenawa's Reminiscence|20}}
----
[[Version 1.6]]
* 4-Star Artifacts can now be destroyed for [[Mora]].
----
[[Version 1.5]]
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Ridge Watch]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Tenacity of the Millelith|20}}
** {{Item|Pale Flame|20}}
----
[[Version 1.2]]
* The following 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets were added with the [[Peak of Vindagnyr]] [[Domain]]:
** {{Item|Blizzard Strayer|20}}
** {{Item|Heart of Depth|20}}
----
[[Version 1.1]]
* Players can now see the 1-Piece Bonus of Artifacts displayed under their Character's Artifact page even when two other set bonuses are active (e.g. Instructor 2-Piece and 4-Piece Bonus and Prayers of Wisdom 1-Piece Bonus).
* Equipped Artifacts now have the Character side icon in the corner instead of just a generic icon.
* Added 4-Star and Under Materials for Auto Add when Enhancing Artifacts.
----
[[Version 1.0]]
* Artifacts were released with:
** 4 to 5-Star Artifact Sets:
*** {{Item|Archaic Petra|20}}
*** {{Item|Bloodstained Chivalry|20}}
*** {{Item|Crimson Witch of Flames|20}}
*** {{Item|Gladiator's Finale|20}}
*** {{Item|Lavawalker|20}}
*** {{Item|Maiden Beloved|20}}
*** {{Item|Noblesse Oblige|20}}
*** {{Item|Retracing Bolide|20}}
*** {{Item|Thundering Fury|20}}
*** {{Item|Thundersoother|20}}
*** {{Item|Viridescent Venerer|20}}
*** {{Item|Wanderer's Troupe|20}}
** 3 to 4 Star Artifact Sets:
*** {{Item|Berserker|20}}
*** {{Item|Brave Heart|20}}
*** {{Item|Defender's Will|20}}
*** {{Item|Gambler|20}}
*** {{Item|Instructor|20}}
*** {{Item|Martial Artist|20}}
*** {{Item|Prayers for Destiny|20}}
*** {{Item|Prayers for Illumination|20}}
*** {{Item|Prayers for Wisdom|20}}
*** {{Item|Prayers to Springtime|20}}
*** {{Item|Resolution of Sojourner|20}}
*** {{Item|Scholar|20}}
*** {{Item|The Exile|20}}
*** {{Item|Tiny Miracle|20}}
** 1 to 3 Star Artifact Sets:
*** {{Item|Adventurer|20}}
*** {{Item|Lucky Dog|20}}
*** {{Item|Traveling Doctor|20}}
** 1 Star Artifact Sets:
*** {{Item|Initiate|20}}
<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>