{{Character Infobox
|name             = Arundolyn
|type             = Historical
|deceased         = Past
|image            = 
|region           = Mondstadt
|affiliation      = Knights of Favonius
|affiliationNote  = Formerly
|affiliation2     = Four Winds
|affiliationNote2 = Formerly
|title            = Grand Master
|title2           = Lion of Light
}}
'''Arundolyn''' was one of the previous Grand Masters of the [[Knights of Favonius]]. While he did not possess a [[Vision]], he was naturally gifted in combat and honed his abilities through intense training.<ref name="FavGreat">{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Greatsword}}</ref>

==Story==
===Early life===
Arundolyn was born from a long line of knights and formed a friendship with [[Rostam]] based on their shared dream of heroism.<ref name="FavGreat" /> At one point he and Rostam snuck out at night into the wolves' forest, chasing boars with slingshots and fighting imaginary monsters with sticks. They followed a seelie and found treasure that had been buried for a thousand years, a small yellow flower. Another time they went into the forest acting out the battle between Vennessa and the champion knight of the Aristocracy, fighting each other with sticks and toy swords until Arundolyn won and they acted out the fall of the aristocracy.<ref name="Brave Heart">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Brave Heart}}</ref>

As young men they became fellow knights<ref name="FavGreat" /> and Arundolyn used a greatsword modeled off the one wielded by [[Ravenwood]], the Knight of Boreas.<ref name="Ferrous Shadow">{{Ref/Weapon|Ferrous Shadow}}</ref>

===Later life===
Arundolyn was given the lion title and became the Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius, while his friend Rostam gained the wolf title and supported him from the shadows as his assistant. The two of them defended their home and each other during those turbulent times.<ref name="FavGreat" /><ref name="Brave Heart" />

Eventually the Kingdom of [[Khaenri'ah]] fell during the cataclysm, with black curses pouring forth and roots of disaster infesting the earth. Arundolyn led his knights on an expedition to fight the monsters that threatened Teyvat, spilling black ichor from their enemies with their swords.<ref name="Brave Heart" /> Unfortunately Rostam died during the expedition to Khaenri'ah, leaving Arundolyn inconsolable, and he gave up both his title of Grand Master and his weapons.<ref name="FavGreat" />

He returned to his childhood home and looked through the belongings from his first adventures, finding the yellow flower as the only thing in his life that was unchanged since his childhood.<ref name="Brave Heart" /> It's unclear how he spent the rest of his life or how he died.

===Legacy===
* His departure from the Knights of Favonius left no one in Mondstadt strong enough to take on [[Durin]], leading [[Barbatos]] to temporarily awaken and summon [[Dvalin]] to fight the corrupted dragon.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Breeze Amidst the Forest}}</ref>
* His particular style of swordsmanship died out due to it requiring great strength to wield both a greatsword and longsword at once.<ref name="FavGreat" />

==Trivia==
* [[Ferrous Shadow]] is a replica of Arundolyn's greatsword, which itself was a replica of the greatsword wielded by Ravenwood, a Knight of Boreas.<ref name="Ferrous Shadow" />
* The [[Brave Heart]] artifact set descriptions talks about Arundolyn and his friendship with Rostam.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Arundolyn
|zhs      = 艾伦德林
|zhs_rm   = Àilúndélín
|zht      = 艾倫德林
|zht_rm   = Àilúndélín
|ja       = エレンドリン
|ja_rm    = Erendorin
|ko       = 애런돌린
|ko_rm    = Aereondollin
|es       = Arundolyn
|fr       = Arundolyn
|ru       = Арундолин
|th       = Arundolyn
|vi       = Arundolyn
|de       = Arundolyn
|id       = Arundolyn
|pt       = Arundolyn
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Arundolyn]]
[[pt-br:Arundolyn]]