{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 5010
|image         = Archon Quest As One We Watch the Setting Sun.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = V
|act           = The Rainbow Destined to Burn
|actNum        = IV
|part          = 2
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Ajaw; Boulsa; Capitano; Citlali; Dedougou; Kachina; Kinich; Mavuika; Mualani; Ororon; Paimon; Sibu; Solnev; Traveler; Xilonen; Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night
|startLocation = [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame: Temple of Pax]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Basin of Unnumbered Flames
|subarea       = Stadium of the Sacred Flame
|poi           = Stadium of the Sacred Flame: Temple of Pax
|prev          = Beneath the Secret Source
|next          = The Surging Darkness
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*625;Mora*27,825;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*5;Pilgrim's Chronicle*1
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=As One We Watch the Setting Sun|chapter=5|act=4|part=2}}

==Steps==
# Return to the [[Speaker's Chamber]] for a discussion
# Leave the Speaker's Chamber
# Return to the [[Weary Inn]] and have a short rest
#* Check out the area near the couriers (optional)
#* Check out the area near the smiths (optional)
#* Take a look around nearby the Weary Inn (optional)
# Check on the situation outside your room

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You witness the emergence of the fifth hero within the [[Remnants of the Secret Source (Beneath the Secret Source)|Remnants of the Secret Source]], and temporary cooperation with [[Capitano|The Captain]] is established. It seems this matter has drawn to a close, and yet the [[Abyss]] presses in. It's not time to relax just yet...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Solnev]], optional)<!--after exiting domain-->
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 solnev 01.ogg}} '''Solnev:''' The Captain says a group of us needs to stay behind to guard the [[Source Mechanism]]. It's extremely important.<ref group="Note">"We'll stay here" from the next line is spoken here instead.</ref>
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 solnev 02.ogg}} '''Solnev:''' We'll stay here.<ref group="Note">"We'll stay here" is spoken at the end of the previous line instead.</ref> Of course, you're free to come and go as you please.

;(Enter the Speaker's Chamber)
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' In that case, allow me to formally welcome the [[Fatui]] to our cause.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We now face a common enemy. It's time to put our differences behind us and look to the future.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' As for [[Ororon]]... His actions may have been out of line, but I don't intend to punish him right now. I'd rather give him a chance to prove himself.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 01.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' A magnanimous decision.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're back... Whoa, seeing the two of you chatting like this... Paimon almost feels like she's dreaming.
:{{DIcon}} There's strength in numbers.
:{{DIcon}} I feel better about our chances.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' This may be an unexpected outcome, but a favorable one nonetheless.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Now that we're all here, I have some questions of my own. Tell me &mdash; how did you discover the Source Mechanism?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 02.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' We weren't getting any closer to obtaining the [[Gnosis]], so I had my men scour Natlan for a different option. Ororon helped as well.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 03.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' We tracked down three scholars &mdash; [[Aberewaa]], [[Bosomtwe]], and [[Cuxtal]], and combined the results of their research to locate this ancient device.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' ...Huh, I've never heard those names before.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Seems like my own investigation failed to locate some critical personnel. I'm just not sure how I missed them...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 04.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Strange... Perhaps they simply live in seclusion.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 05.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' In any case, their results speak for themselves.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That's true. Now we have another option at our disposal. Compared to using the Gnosis, our current plan will buy us some time.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' And, if all else fails, we still have this plan as a last resort... even though executing it will come at a heavy cost.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, that means making everyone forget their past... We should definitely try to avoid it if we can.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually, speaking of the Gnosis, how did you know what it could do?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 06.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' That story begins with the [[cataclysm]] five hundred years ago...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 07.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' I failed to save [[Khaenri'ah]] from the rampage of the Abyss. When the situation became unsalvageable, I fled to Natlan with the remainder of my platoon.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 08.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Only to find that Natlan had fallen victim to the same tragedy. I defended this land for quite some time and, in the process, met the chief of the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]], [[Ayizu]].
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 09.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' I'm sure many people viewed Khaenri'ah as the cause of the tragedy, but Ayizu was kind to me all the same, and even helped me in my time of need.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 10.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' From that moment, I made it my mission to aid Natlan. In battle, a warrior fights to win. Even though my homeland was lost, I was already committed to this fight.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 11.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Together, Ayizu and I fought many battles and overcame countless hardships. However, he was unable to escape his fate, and in his final moments, told me the secret of the Gnosis.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' So, it was him... He recommended using the Gnosis on several occasions, even before the tragedy. But, I turned him down each time.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' You knew him, and you fought for Natlan all those years ago... Why don't I recognize you?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 12.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' *sigh* It must be the mask.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 12.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Heh, even without the mask, my past appearance is long gone. Even with the [[Khaenri'ah#Khaenri'ahns|curse of immortality]], the flesh still rots.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, do you know someone named [[Dainsleif]]? That problem doesn't seem quite so... extreme for him.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 13.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' You've met him already?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, a bunch of times. Sounds like you know him, too.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 14a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 14b.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' During the age of Khaenri'ah, all I knew was his name. The last time I saw him in person, he was traveling with the {{MC|m=Princess|f=Prince}}.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 15.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' He carries a degree of pain and hatred that far surpasses my own.
:{{DIcon}} Back then, you said you didn't want to fight me...
:{{DIcon}} Was it really because of my [[Traveler's Sibling|sibling]]?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 16a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 16b.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Yes. You're the {{MC|m=brother of the Princess|f=sister of the Prince}}. Given the role I held in Khaenri'ah, I would prefer not to harm you.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 17a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 17b.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Although, this is likely a self-imposed burden. If the {{MC|m=Princess|f=Prince}} saw me now, I doubt {{MC|m=she|f=he}} would even recognize me.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 18.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' As for your question, I don't know how Dain managed to slow the deterioration of his body.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 19.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' My appearance is much changed, and that's not the only thing. Even my physical strength is a shadow of what it once was.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 13.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I would've never known. During our battle, it felt like I was fighting against the pinnacle of human strength.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 20.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Hm... and I still lost. I deserve no praise for that outcome.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 21.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Still, it's a shame we never faced off five hundred years ago. You could have seen what I was truly capable of.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 14.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I agree. Had we fought then, I'd also have been more motivated to go all out.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, all that commotion back at the Stadium, and you're saying... neither of you were using your full strength!?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 15.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I'd say we're evenly matched. If we face off again, victory will come down to who wants it more.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 22.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' I imagine you held back since there were spectators around that could have gotten hurt. But, capitalizing on that situation would have only led to a hollow victory. It would have been no different than taking hostages.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 23.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' My goal was the Gnosis, and I failed to obtain it... That means I lost, plain and simple.
:{{DIcon}} Speaking of the Gnosis...
:{{DIcon}} What are you going to tell the [[Tsaritsa]]?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 24.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Her Majesty the Tsaritsa allows every [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers|Harbinger]] the freedom to pursue the meaning of their existence. When the time comes, that freedom can take precedence over her orders.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 25.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' That's why our methods can be so radically different despite sharing the same goal and the same sovereign.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 26.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' I needed the Gnosis because I came here to save Natlan. That was my primary motive. Once Natlan is saved, if the Gnosis still remained in my possession, I could bring it back to [[Snezhnaya]].
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 16.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' My decision regarding the Gnosis will not change... So let's focus on the Abyss for now.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right! What happens when all [[Heroes of Natlan|six heroes]] are together?
:{{DIcon}} It will probably unleash some kind of power...
:{{DIcon}} The heavens were mentioned earlier. Anything to do with that?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 17.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We will unleash a great power that can be used to thwart the Abyss &mdash; but only once. It's a power that [[Xbalanque]] gained from [[Ronova]].
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 18.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Ronova is a god whose existence predates any [[The Seven|Archon]]. You can think of her like an emissary of the [[Heavenly Principles]]. She controls the power of death.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, is that why you have the [[Ode of Resurrection]]?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 19.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Yes. Ronova also orchestrated Natlan's rules. As for the divine throne...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 20.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Like I said before, when a human ascends to the divine throne, their inner flame will awaken. The size of the flame depends on the person's potential.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 21.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The same principle applies to the {{Rubi|Ruler of Death|Ronova}}'s power, with one notable distinction... The amount of power inherited will not change depending on your ability to tolerate it.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 22.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' In other words, it's a kind of power that not everyone can withstand.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 23.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' But, if you survive the trial, you will gain unprecedented strength, and the ability to harness powers more formidable than any Archon.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That still sounds really risky...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 24.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We cannot walk this path without accepting risk.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 25.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' [[Mualani]] charged into the [[Night Kingdom]] despite the Abyssal contamination, Ororon fought back from the brink of death...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 26.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' In the face of their bravery, I must respond in kind. That is my duty.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 thecaptain 27.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Spoken like a true leader.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 27.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Alright, that's enough for one day. You should head back and get some rest. I'm sure you're exhausted.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 mavuika 28.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The Abyss will likely sense the change in Ororon. It's possible the frequency of the attacks will increase. There are many challenges to come, so we need to be prepared.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When you put it that way... Paimon feels even more exhausted.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, let's head back.

;(Talk to "The Captain" or [[Mavuika]], optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq105 thecaptain 01.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Now that we're working together, we'll need to coordinate our efforts. I'll leave a portion of my forces for you to command.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq105 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That will definitely help relieve some pressure. You're sure they won't object?
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq105 thecaptain 02.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' It's an order &mdash; I will make that clear.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq105 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Excellent. I appreciate your trust.

;(Approach the marked location outside of the Speaker's Chamber)
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 dedougou 01.ogg}} '''Dedougou:''' Ouch... That hurts...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Stay still. Your wound needs time to heal. You need to rest for a few more days.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 boulsa 01.ogg}} '''Boulsa:''' The monsters keep increasing in number. It's like something changed...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' It's definitely unusual, and we all should be careful. But, don't worry too much. You have us by your side!
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' If there's one thing the Abyss fears, it's strength. If they think we're easy prey, they've got another thing comin'!
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Oh, someone's calling us!
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Coming! Coming!
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Something wrong, {{Traveler}}?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The feeling of dread is getting stronger...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Do we really have time to wait for the final hero to appear?)

;(Talk to [[Dedougou]], optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 dedougou 02.ogg}} '''Dedougou:''' Ah, finally some relief...

;(Talk to [[Boulsa]], optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 boulsa 02.ogg}} '''Boulsa:''' What rotten luck, to be injured at a time like this...
----
;(Approach [[Xilonen]] at the forge, optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Nope, we can't give any of these to our soldiers. They were not tempered correctly at the forge.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Well-made weapons and shields are vital for the survival of our people. I know we're under a lot of pressure, but we can't compromise on quality.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Listen, I'm not blaming you. I know this isn't your usual standard of work. Why don't you all take a break, and I'll take care of the pieces.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Xilonen. Is something wrong?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Nothing I can't handle. Just some rushed, defective goods, that's all.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Even the most skilled craftsmen make mistakes under pressure. If you two want to avoid the same fate, you should really get some rest.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You must be exhausted, too...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 xilonen 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Hahaha, don't worry. I like it that way.

;(Talk to Xilonen again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq105 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You should head back and get some rest. I need to fix some things here first...

;(Approach [[Kinich]] and [[Ajaw]] at Frida's Palette, optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kinich! You made it back in one piece!
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 sibu 01.ogg}} '''Sibu:''' Oh, these must be friends of yours. I'll head out, then. See you later.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 ajaw 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Hahaha, it was a piece of cake. Those invasive pests are lucky someone called a truce, or we would have burned them all to ashes!
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I appreciate the concern, Paimon.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Despite Ajaw's description, the situation wasn't quite so smooth. The Captain's forces are all elite warriors. It was a tough fight.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 kinich 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' We were prepared to retreat at any moment, and now the Pyro Archon and The Captain are working together... Not the outcome I was expecting, that's for sure.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, a lot happened while we were in the ruin. We'll tell you about it some other time...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 kinich 04.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Well, at least the Pyro Archon's plan advanced a step further. This is the best outcome we could have hoped for &mdash; we really appreciate all your help.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 kinich 05.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' But, we have to keep pushing forward. [[Sibu]] and I were just about to head out, actually. My tribe is calling for messengers.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We won't keep you, then. Let's talk later!
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 ajaw 02.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Hah, little Kinich thinks he can just leave without consulting the Almighty Dragonlord K'uhul Ajaw... Hey, wait up!

;(Enter the Weary Inn)<!-- technically this is an "optional" step but because it auto-starts when you enter the inn and the main step requires you to enter anyway -->
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ororon.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Granny.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' What's wrong, Granny? It looks like you have something to say.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' *scoff* You know exactly what you did! You need some sense knocked into you, that's what I think! Now, where do I even begin...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm sorry.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hah, now that you have nowhere to run, THAT'S when you apologize!? You couldn't wait to run off last time, and the time before that...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Pretty sure I apologized those times, too...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' What exactly were you thinking? Being a wanted criminal is one thing, but then you also tried to pull off that whole thing in the ancient ruin...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm not the one who needs an apology... Apologize to yourself for risking your life.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Okay, I'm sorry.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I don't have anything to say for myself, Granny. Yell at me all you want. I know I messed up.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You better be sincere. This is an incredibly serious matter.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm being sincere, I promise. I've seriously reflected on my actions...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I know what I did was risky, and I know I made some bad choices, but I don't regret it. I just had to do something...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 09.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Not because I thought I was special, but because I wanted to help Natlan as much as I can.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 10.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Of course, in the end, I just ended up causing more trouble, so... you're right. My apology doesn't mean much, but I don't know what else I can say.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 11.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You even had [[Ifa]] bring me that gem... A simple thank you isn't enough, but still... Thank you, Granny.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You're welcome. Just make sure to thank Ifa sometime.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 12.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I will.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Anyway, don't feel too grateful. I tampered with the bag to copy a portion of your memories.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 13.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...Oh, I didn't notice.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Of course.<ref group="Note">Actual spoken words: "*Scoff* Of course you didn't."</ref> You forget how many years I have on you? Like you could uncover one of my tricks...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Anyway, I have something else to tell you.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The Pyro Archon has discussed your case with the others. Many of your actions violated the rules of Natlan, and you should understand you'll have to take responsibility for that.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 14.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I understand.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But... your efforts weren't entirely meaningless in the end. In addition to giving us another failsafe, you saved yourself with sheer force of will, and managed to become a hero.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmph, not too shabby, grandson.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 15a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 15b.ogg}}--> '''Ororon:''' Did {{Traveler}} and Paimon tell you to say that?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' What? No! I said that because I mean it!
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 16.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I can't believe you're complimenting me at a time like this... You normally let your fists to the talking.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You're not off the hook just yet. I told {{Traveler}} I was going to break your legs, and I meant every part of it!
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 17.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Could you... not? I still need them to walk...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Trying to negotiate, are you? Alright... Make me an offer.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 18.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Given all the good things that I managed to accomplish... can you let me off the hook this one time? I promise to do better in the future.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 19.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Fine. I can let this slide for now, but I'll be watching. We'll see if I change my mind.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 20.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh? {{Traveler}}, Paimon... Didn't expect to see you here.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello!
:{{DIcon}} Talking things out with your grandson?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 21.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Yes... Looking after these little rascals is rather exhausting.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Taking care of {{Traveler}} isn't easy either... Paimon's life is an uphill battle.
:{{DIcon}} ?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 19.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon... I want to thank you for your help back at the ruin.
:{{DIcon}} It was nothing.
:{{DIcon}} Just don't do anything like that ever again!
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 olorun 20.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I won't.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 citlali 22.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Let's get together sometime. If Ororon really wants to thank you, he can treat us all to a tasty meal.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds great! We'll be there!
----
;(Interact with the bed)
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you're done for the day, we should get some rest. Paimon has a feeling we'll need it for tomorrow!
:{{DIcon}} Yep, let's rest.
:;(Continue to section below)
:{{DIcon}} I have something else to do.
::{{A|vo ntaq105 3 paimon 02b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, let's take care of that first, then.

;(After selecting the option to rest)
:{{Black Screen|That night...}}
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 01a 1.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You ready?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 01a 1.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Yep... Let's go meet the [[Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night|Lord of the Night]].
:;(They visit the Lord of the Night)<!--black screen transition -->
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' So, this is where you heard the Lord of the Night? Guess that means she really has awakened...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hopefully we made it before she falls asleep again.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 01.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Fret not, I'm still here. For a weak lifeform, falling asleep is no less taxing an exercise than staying awake.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I'm sorry for disturbing your rest, but there's something we didn't have the chance to ask you earlier. We need to forge a new [[Ancient Name|Ancient name]] for the Traveler.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 03b.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' But, we ran into a problem. {{MC|m=He|f=She}}'s not from Natlan, so there are no records of {{MC|m=him|f=her}} in the Night Kingdom.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 02b.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' I see. Mavuika must hold {{MC|m=him|f=her}} in high regard.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 03.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' It would seem the two of you are not simply here on her orders. So, what say you? Do you believe this traveler to be deserving?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 04.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Speak your mind &mdash; there are no others here. You are both my children, both children of Natlan. I would hear your opinions on the matter.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 05b.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' {{MC|m=He|f=She}} is special. {{MC|m=He|f=She}} saved [[Kachina]] and devoted {{MC|m=himself|f=herself}} to helping us avert this disaster. Natlan owes {{MC|m=him|f=her}} a debt.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 06b.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' But, that debt has not been repaid. With an Ancient Name, we can at least guarantee {{MC|m=his|f=her}} safety.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 05a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 05b.ogg}}--> '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Even though that guarantee will come at the cost of your own life?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Yes.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' So, it's true. Forging an Ancient Name consumes the life of the craftsman...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 06.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Forging an Ancient Name is an act of creation. It involves taking disparate concepts throughout the Night Kingdom and condensing them into a heroic epic.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 07.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' But, it takes time for the new concept to be integrated into that realm. If the Ancient Name is like a seed, then the life of the craftsman is the outer shell, serving as its protection.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 08.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Once that process is complete, the seed will sprout, and having served its purpose, the outer shell will gradually disappear.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 09.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Forging an Ancient Name is no easy task, and creating one for an outlander makes it even more challenging. Still, if you're here, that means your mind is set.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 08.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Yes. Because I believe forging this Name will be well worth it.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 09.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' We don't know how long we'll be able to hold back the Abyss, or what the final price of averting this disaster will be...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 10.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' If giving up my life means that all the people of Natlan can have a future, then the sacrifice is practically negligible.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 11.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Even when I'm staring death in the face, I don't think I'll regret this decision. I bear the name "{{Rubi|Baraka|Blessing}}." This is a part of my duty.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 10.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' I understand. The chance may be exceedingly slim, but you still want to seize it, because this could be the final step to victory.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 11.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' And you, [[Citlali]]? The anxiety you feel... It's because you saw something, yes? Something you were not meant to see...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' So, you know about that, too...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 12.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' What is she talking about?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...I've had concerns for a long time. Mavuika's plan needs too much time, and too many things can go wrong.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The Masters of the Night-Wind have a ceremony that can be used to glimpse the future. It's just... using this power on the Pyro Archon has always been seen as a taboo.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 13.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' And you did it anyway? Wh&mdash;What did you see?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Death.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 14.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 12.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' A key part of Mavuika's plan is using the six heroes to release the power Xbalanque obtained from the {{Rubi|Ruler of Death|Ronova}}.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 13.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Considering its origins, the price of using that power... is death.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 15.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You're saying... Mavuika is going to die in this war against the Abyss?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 14.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Yes.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I can't just ignore what I saw. That's why I need the Traveler's power. I need the power of a [[Descender]].
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 15.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Don't forget, Citlali... Even if it may seem like someone is fated to die, the nature of death and fate are different.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 16.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Fate indicates what will happen in the future &mdash; the time, manner, and place are all predetermined. But, death is different. Death is a rule.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 17.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' The Ruler of Death's power will allow Mavuika to triumph over the Abyss. But, she must offer her own life in the process.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 18.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' The Ruler of Death cares little for the time and manner of a death. She simply guarantees that it will occur.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 19.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Fate may be able to influence the timing, but that is all the Traveler can change.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 16.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You're saying... We might be able to change when she dies, but not the outcome?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 20.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' I cannot help you with this, I'm afraid. It's beyond my capabilities.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Mavuika knows about all this, doesn't she?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 21.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Yes. I imagine she has long accepted this eventuality.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Well, I can't! She's so strong! She never gives up, never rests until a problem is solved...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' She's not the type of person to just quietly accept her death!
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 14a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 14b.ogg}}--> '''Citlali:''' The Traveler shares that quality. That's why I think this gamble is worth it. Together, I know they can overcome the impossible, be it fate... or death.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 22.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' We shall have to wait and see, but I will curb my expectations.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 23.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' My time is running out. It is my honor to witness humanity in this moment of absolute determination.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' We won't forget your contributions. Once we deal with the Abyss, we'll find a way to keep you alive.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 24.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Thank you for saying that, but there is nothing you can do.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 25.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' How many years of life are enough? Ten? One hundred? One thousand? Ten thousand?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 26.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' The Night Kingdom will disappear, the humans will continue to fight against the Abyss, and in the end, all will cease to exist... When you consider all of that, extending my life is meaningless.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 17.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' That's what makes us different. Even if our end comes tomorrow, humanity will still do whatever it takes to survive today.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Exactly.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 27.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Times like these always fill me with admiration, and reinforce my commitment to the mandate I shoulder.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 28.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' My creator was right in esteeming you as special above others.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 29.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Here, this is my gift to you and an extension of my will. It can record the Traveler's experiences in this land, whether from the past or the future.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 30a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 30b.ogg}}--> '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' With it, you can forge the Ancient Name you desire, and the Traveler will also become a hero forever recorded in the memory of Natlan.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 xilonen 18.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Thank you. We're sorry to ask this of you when your strength is already all but spent.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Really, thank you so much.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 31.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Your thanks are unnecessary. This is the least that an [[Seelie|Angel]] can do.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 3 nightmare 32.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Time for you to leave. It's... getting dark.
:;(Back at the Weary Inn)<!-- black screen transition -->
:{{A|vo ntaq105 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't sleep with all the noise outside... Forget it. Let's go check it out.

;(Approach Citlali and Xilonen)
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xilonen! Citlali! Is there a reason you're up so early?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' We went to see the Lord of the Night, and she gave us this.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Like I said before... I couldn't forge your Ancient Name because there was no record of you in the Night Kingdom. But, with this, we can finally record your deeds.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Just keep it with you during your time in Natlan, and eventually, it'll be full of your adventures.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Let Paimon see!
:;(Opens [[Pilgrim's Chronicle]] UI)
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, it's the two of us! And a sun in the middle...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, and that must be... Kachina?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's not a concrete medium. It reflects the Lord of the Night's will, and shows what she wants you to see.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' In other words, don't worry about its form. When you want to check the contents, just take it out and have a look.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds convenient! It's also super light, and doesn't take up too much space...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is a really awesome gift!
:{{DIcon}} It didn't come at a price, right?
::{{A|vo ntaq105 5 paimon 07a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah... We'd feel bad accepting something like that.
:{{DIcon}} It didn't cost a ton of Mora, right?
::{{A|vo ntaq105 5 paimon 07b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You think the Lord of the Night wants Mora?
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Don't worry, you two. Like you saw yesterday, aiding humanity is the Lord of the Night's mandate.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' She would have willingly reconstructed Natlan's Ley Lines at the cost of her own existence. She wouldn't ask anything in return for this small thing.<ref group="Note">The words "small thing" are omitted in the spoken line.</ref>
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Exactly... Just take it.
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, if you say so, hehe...
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh! Thank goodness you're here! The Abyss attacked again, and it's really bad!
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' The monsters are everywhere! We need help!
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 xilonen 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' So soon? We just fought them off!
:{{A|vo ntaq105 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We can figure that out later! Let's go!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Pilgrim's Chronicle}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = As One We Watch the Setting Sun
|zhs      = 共睹那日之将落
|zhs_rm   = Gòngdǔ Nà Rì zhī Jiàngluò
|zht      = 共睹那日之將落
|zht_rm   = Gòngdǔ Nà Rì zhī Jiàngluò
|zh_tl    = Watching Together the Imminent Setting of the Sun
|ja       = 沈みゆく日を眺めて
|ja_rm    = Shizumiyuku Hi wo Nagamete
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 함께 일몰을 바라보며
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Viendo juntos el ocaso
|es_tl    = Watching the Sunset Together
|fr       = En regardant ensemble le soleil couchant
|fr_tl    = Watching the Setting Sun Together
|ru       = Совместное созерцание закатного солнца
|ru_tl    = Shared Contemplation of the Setting Sun
|th       = ร่วมชมอาทิตย์อัสดง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Cùng Ngắm Thời Khắc Mặt Trời Lặn
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Vereint betrachten wir die untergehende Sonne
|de_tl    = United We Watch the Setting Sun
|id       = Bersama Memandang Terbenamnya Sang Surya
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Unidos Assistimos ao Pôr-do-sol
|pt_tl    = United We Watch the Setting Sun
|tr       = Birlikte İzlenen Bir Gün Batımı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Guardando insieme il tramonto
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter V}}