{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40067
|title         = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared
|image         = Event Quest As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared 3.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|act           = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared
|actNum        = II
|actType       = None
|part          = 3
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Fischl; Kaedehara Kageharu; Kaedehara Kazuha; Kazuha's Friend; Mona; Oz; Paimon; Sea Drake; Traveler; Xinyan
|startLocation = [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|area          = Golden Apple Archipelago
|subarea       = 
|prev          = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 2)
|domain        = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared: Part III
|next          = Blazin' Trails (Part 1)
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Unyielding Rocks: Left|1}}{{Card|Unyielding Rocks: Right|1}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event. It is the third quest of the second part.

==Steps==
# Look around for the items you need
#* Defeat the opponents guarding the chest
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Electro Abyss Mage;Electro Slime;Crackling Axe Mitachurl*2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Large Electro Slime;Mutant Electro Slime}}
#* Open the [[Exquisite Chest]] to obtain [[Rock Garden Rough Stone (Right)]] and [[Rock Garden Carving Tools (Inazuma)|Rock Garden Carving Tools]]
# Place the rock into the bonsai
#* Enter [[Misty Hills, Foggy Vales]]'s Quest Domain: [[As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared: Part III]]
# Continue onward in the shattered space
#* There is a [[Phantasmal Conches|Conch]] and an [[Exquisite Chest]] in the fourth building
# Defeat the soldiers who are confiscating Visions
#* Wave 1:  {{Enemy List|Shogunate Infantry*2;Shogunate Infantry Captain*2}}
#* Wave 2:  {{Enemy List|Shogunate Infantry*2;Shogunate Infantry Captain;Yoriki Samurai*2}}
# Continue onward in the shattered space
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Nobushi: Jintouban*2;Nobushi: Hitsukeban*2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Kairagi: Dancing Thunder*1}}
# Talk to the fisher on the fishing boat
# Continue onward in the shattered space
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Yoriki Samurai*2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Shogunate Infantry*2;Shogunate Infantry Captain*2}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Shogunate Infantry*2;Yoriki Samurai*2}}
# Board the Alcor
# Contact Venti in a less conspicuous place

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As you explore further, the mirage becomes ever more peculiar. Perhaps the decrepit view is a reflection of what Kazuha has been through. You wonder how those hardships he experienced will shape the view in his heart.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(On entering the domain)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's happened here? Everything is broken...
:{{A|vo yqeq104 1 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...Alas, the loftier the clan, the more devastating the fall.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 1 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Broken into pieces, and not a single soul around... This must be the way things ended.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 1 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' C'mon, let's get movin'.

;(Reach the second floating building)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 servant 01.ogg}} '''Old Servant:''' Master, we're the only servants left! Are you sure about this? After we're gone, who's going to...
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Don't worry, I'll be fine.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 servant 02.ogg}} '''Old Servant:''' Your mother died early, and now that your father has left you... You're all that remains of this clan now...
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 servant 03.ogg}} '''Old Servant:''' I suppose that this is the last time we will ever see each other. Master, please take care of yourself.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 sailor 01.ogg}} '''Sailor:''' Everyone, on board!
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Farewell.

;(Reach the third floating building)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The Kaedehara Clan has ultimately disbanded in my hands.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But as my father said, I should not let life imprison me. Perhaps living the wanderer's life is what was meant for me after all.

;(Reach the fourth floating building)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' You know, they say that Visions represent the Archons' gaze.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 friend 01.ogg}} '''Friend:''' But is being under an Archon's gaze really a blessing?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I don't know, maybe...?

;(Reach the fifth floating building)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 soldier 01.ogg}} '''Shogunate Infantry:''' Vision Hunt Decree! Hand over your Visions now!
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 friend 02.ogg}} '''Friend:''' This way! Hurry!

;(Unlock the door on the fifth floating building)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I know very well why people resist against the Vision Hunt Decree.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Ambition is our power in its rawest form. We cannot live without it.

;(Insert the Melodic Omamori into the shrine)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 2 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' When no other option remains, I will leave.

;(Approach the Shogunate Infantry)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 3 soldier 01.ogg}} '''Shogunate Infantry''' The Almighty Shogun is holding a duel before the throne. Unauthorized personnel are strictly forbidden from coming near.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 3 soldier 02.ogg}} '''Shogunate Infantry''' Wait, the kid has a Vision!?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 3 soldier 03.ogg}} '''Shogunate Infantry''' Get him! Don't let him get away!

;(After defeating all the Shogunate Infantry)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 3 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The life of a wanderer is full of hardships. I have asked myself these questions many times:
:{{A|vo yqeq104 3 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Should I go? If so, where to, and by what means?

;(If the player turns back and goes to the previous two platforms once at the "Talk to the fisher on the fishing boat" step)
;(First platform)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 3 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' A final farewell, for I do not believe I will ever return to Inazuma.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 3 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But if one day, I do return...
:{{A|vo yqeq104 3 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...No. That day will never come.
;(Second platform)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 3 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But I have no choice. The boundless world is calling out to me.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 3 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Farewell, my dear grandfather and father.

;(Listen at the boat)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 4 boatman 01.ogg}} '''Boatman:''' Kaedehara, that's you, right? Get on board, I'll get you out!
:{{A|vo yqeq104 4 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But... why are you helping me? I'm a wanted fugitive.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 4 boatman 02.ogg}} '''Boatman:''' Obviously the Yashiro&mdash; Ahem! An anonymous financial sponsor wants you to get out safely.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 4 boatman 03.ogg}} '''Boatman:''' But there's only so much they can do. After this, you'll be on your own.
;(After listening)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 4 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' My grandfather once traveled to Liyue, while my father read about Mondstadt... but where is the right place for me?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 4 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...The sky's getting dark. It looks like it's going to rain.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 4 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Will the rain ever stop?

;(Reach the next floating building)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 4 soldier 01.ogg}} '''Shogunate Infantry:''' Stop! I'm warning you, do not attempt to resist!
:{{A|vo yqeq104 4 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...Oh, really?

;(After defeating all the Shogunate Infantry)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 5 hailong 01.ogg}} '''Sea Drake:''' Hey, buddy! You okay? Need a ride or something?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 5 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Heh, pirates?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 5 hailong 02.ogg}} '''Sea Drake:''' Hah, you could call us that! So, you coming or not?

;(Approach the Alcor)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? It's the Alcor!
:{{A|vo yqeq104 5 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' And look, Kazuha's over there.

;(Approach Kazuha)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kazuha! We found you!
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Good timing. I was just reflecting on my life so far, and I think I'm all up to date.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' So, what do you think of the Kaedehara Clan's bonsai?
:{{DIcon}} Looks like it carries lots of history.
::{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 03a.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Old things often carry around some form of regret. The Kaedehara Clan is no exception.
::{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 03a 1.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But that's okay. Partings produce reunions, if not at home then in a distant land.
:{{DIcon}} Things weren't perfect, but you have nothing to feel ashamed of.
::{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 03b.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Indeed.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' This mirage is quite fascinating. It presents life like a stage play, with each scene more captivating than the last.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' They say that astrologists have seen it all. So if this mirage intrigued you, that says it was a worthwhile encounter.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ahem... How fares thy mood?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein inquires as to your present wellbeing, Lord Kazuha, hoping your heart is not too filled with sorrow.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's no way anyone could be cheerful after reliving all that...
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Haha, you have a point. Thank you all for your concern. Fortunately, all those things are past and gone now.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' When I first saw this bonsai, I thought of the possibility that... I needed to wait for you. Perhaps that was why I had to be here on my own.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' There was supposed to be a dead plant in that flowerpot. However, there was nothing there.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...While we were separated, I had a lot of time to reflect. I think I finally understand now.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The mirage is... me. The empty flowerpot represents the state of my heart.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' When the heart is clear, the world is too. And when the heart is unladen, the same is true.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Clear and unladen... that describes how I feel right now.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 12.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Although, I would not say there are no regrets in this. To be unladen is also to be empty.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 13.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' That's why this bonsai appeared as part of my mirage. It gave me a chance to fulfill my wishes.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 14.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I never realized that deep down in my heart, I also wanted to make my own bonsai... Perhaps this is what it really means to keep Kaedehara traditions alive.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have you finished doing what you wanted to do, Kazuha?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 15.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes, you could say that.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 16.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' You saw my past self and said goodbye to him. Only when you witness my whole story does it become truly consigned to history.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 17.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' What really matters in life is not how strict we are with ourselves, but the connections we make along the way. There's no future for those who linger on the past.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 6 kazuha 18.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' So please believe me when I say that I've already come a long way, and I intend to go further still. I will always treasure your support.

;(A cutscene plays)
::I often travel during storms
::Which means my eyes are often blinded by the rain
::Many times, I couldn't even see what was right in front of me
::One day, I finally reached the top of the mountain
::I looked out with the clouds beneath my feet
::And only the gentle breeze murmuring in my ears
::The highest mountain is a clear and enlightened heart
::Here, there is no self, no hatred, no regrets, and no desires
::Let's embark on a journey, for I am the breeze
::We will meet again, no matter how far along the road
::Life has just begun, and maybe the whole world can be my home

;(Cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *yawn*... It's been a long trip today, Paimon's getting kinda sleepy...
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Everyone must be exhausted. Let's call it a day.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm? What's wrong? You don't look too good.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Nothing. Perhaps today's arduous journey is making me feel slightly out of sorts.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein, are you alright?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Oz, curb thy curiosity.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Yes, mein Fräulein.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I'll see if I can find something for us to eat. Go ahead and rest if you're feeling tired, but anyone who's up to it is welcome to help out.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I'll help.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Me too.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Everyone's volunteering to help! Maybe we should too!
:{{DIcon}} Count us in.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Whoa, hey, I appreciate the enthusiasm, but...
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Her Highness looks kinda gloomy. Mona, you two seem close, why don't you keep her company for a while?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You noticed it too. I was going to bring it up with you while we were preparing the food. In that case, yes, just leave it to me.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Alright! We'll prepare the food!

:'''Mona gives you a wink, then runs to stay with Fischl. Everyone else collects cooking ingredients...'''

:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Yup, this should be enough. We can grill these. Next time we pass by one of those abandoned campsites, I'll see if they have a cooking pot. We'd have some more variety then.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, that's such a nice idea! You might not be a chef, Xinyan, but you sure do know how to keep the diners happy.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Aw shucks, Paimon. It's no big deal, just doing what I can!
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Even the crew mates of The Alcor consider Xinyan someone they can rely on.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We feel the same way about you, too, Kazuha!
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hahaha, we sure do.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hmm... Well then, as a trusted friend, I have something I'd like to talk about.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' From what you've been saying, that miraculous mirage seems to have been based on my life story to date.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...It felt just like a dream to me.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe that's it. Maybe it represented your dreams.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 xinyan 09.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' In other words... you've always wanted to make your own bonsai, right?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Could that be it...? All that was a means of granting me something I wished for?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' And since this happened to me, does that mean it could happen to everyone else, too?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I think so.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 xinyan 10.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I agree. But I wonder whose mirage we'll encounter next?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 xinyan 11.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hah, I'm actually kinda looking forward to my own mirage, if it's a dream come true like you say.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you actually want something like this to happen with you, too?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 xinyan 12.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Aw heck, any mirage to do with me would probably be music-related. Hahaha, it'd be a good chance to showcase a few tunes!
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean you'd wanna do a performance in there!?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 xinyan 13.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Why not? I don't think any self-respecting musician could stay silent on these islands. Just look at this place!
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So much confidence and optimism! Xinyan rocks...
:{{A|vo yqeq104 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, uh, (Traveler)! Paimon wants to try some of the fruit growing on that cliff over there. Let's go pick some!
:{{DIcon}} (Oh? Is this about...)
::{{DIcon}} Carry on without us, I need a moment with Paimon.

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, those strange houses today, huh... And a... a mirage-bonsai? Basically, lots of weird stuff today! Do you think we should tell Venti about it?
:{{DIcon}} I thought you were gonna ask me that.
:{{DIcon}} Let's give him a call.
:'''Dodocommunication Device:''' Dodoco! Dodoco!
:'''Dodocommunication Device:''' Dodoco! Dodoco! Dodoco!
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's no answer... That's weird, why is he ignoring us?
:{{DIcon}} This doesn't seem like him...
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe he got distracted? Or he forgot to bring the bomb to his performance? Or maybe he got drunk and fell asleep under that huge tree...
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... maybe we should try contacting him tomorrow.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Traveler, Paimon. So here you are.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mona! Are you all done chatting with Fischl?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hahaha, close enough... She was a little downcast. I think it has something to do with the mirage we saw today.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Fischl has been very excited about this trip from the start... but I have a feeling she doesn't want to see her own mirage...
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why? It seems like this'd be the kind of thing she really enjoys.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...I'm not sure at this stage, but I'll keep an eye on her.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' There's something else I wanted to tell you. I tried performing a divination again on the beach.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' My scryglass was still blurry, but I felt a force coming from within. I couldn't see its exact position, but I knew that it was changing.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How could you tell that if you couldn't see it clearly?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm, how can I explain this concept to non-experts... Oh, I know! It's like we're sitting in a room and there's a crack in the walls. We don't know where it is, but everyone can feel the wind rushing in.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Not only that, but the room is getting colder.
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh! Paimon gets it now! So you wanna find where that crack is, right?
:{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You could say that. I need to see the crack first before deciding what to do next.
;(If the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event quest ''[[Where Ancient Stars Align]]'' was not completed)
::{{A|vo yqeq104 9 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...When we set foot in this picture-perfect place, I never would've imagined we'd be dealing with such a mystifying occurrence.
::{{DIcon}} How do you feel about it?
::{{A|vo yqeq104 9 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Fine, I suppose. I could use some help though.
::{{A|vo yqeq104 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you need us to do?
::{{A|vo yqeq104 9 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Um...
::{{A|vo yqeq104 9 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Uhh... nothing, actually.
::{{A|vo yqeq104 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? Are you underestimating us!?
::{{A|vo yqeq104 9 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' No, I just realized that although you never talk much, you do so much for us all, quietly, in the background.
::{{A|vo yqeq104 9 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You're the companion everyone needs. I think we're all very relieved to have you here.
::{{A|vo yqeq104 9 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I know putting high expectations on you might give you some unwelcome pressure, but... I like to think an astrologist's observations can yield insights outside the night sky alone, and noticing other people's strengths is a kind of observation, too.
::{{A|vo yqeq104 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you just wanted to compliment us?
::{{A|vo yqeq104 9 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I was simply stating the facts, not complimenting anyone.
::{{DIcon}} Hmm, so you can't admit...
::{{A|vo yqeq104 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...that you're actually complimenting someone!
::{{A|vo yqeq104 9 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Stop smirking at me! I told you, it was an objective evaluation, not a compliment! Not a compliment!
::{{A|vo yqeq104 9 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I'll keep observing the stars. Stay in touch, (Traveler).
;(If the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event quest ''[[Where Ancient Stars Align]]'' was completed)
::{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...Seems like similar things happen every time I'm with you. I'll attempt divination, read the signs, zero in on the target, then solve the problem.
::{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You're surrounded by all kinds of friends, secrets, and destinies. It's incredible.
::{{A|vo yqeq104 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, you're incredible! You helped Fischl and us solve that [[Leonard]] situation.
::{{DIcon}} Is this a good thing for an astrologist?
::{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' All things considered, I suppose. Let's hope we can all stick together and resolve this, like we did last time.
::{{A|vo yqeq104 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When you say together, do you mean the two of you, or all three of us?
::{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Pff...
::{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 14.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Okay, okay, the three of us then! Sometimes, Paimon offers an insightful perspective that can be very helpful to me.
::{{A|vo yqeq104 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Paimon's starting to like you a lot, Genius Astrologist Mona!
::{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 15.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Yes, that's the perspective I'm talking about! You'll never meet another astrologist as clever and charming as me, ohohohoho!
::{{A|vo yqeq104 8 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, everything about you's great, except for, um... please don't laugh like Fischl again... ever.
::{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 16.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ahem! Sorry... Heh, friends' habits rub off on you when you spend a lot of time together, don't they... haha... hah...
::{{A|vo yqeq104 8 mona 17.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I'll keep observing the stars. Keep in touch, (Traveler).
;(Quest completes)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Post-Quest==
These dialogue lines are all time-limited, as they were only available to players who completed ''As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared'' (Part 3) before ''Blazing Trails'' became unlockable.
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Mona)<!-- these post-quest lines become no longer available when the next quest becomes available -->
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq104 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm... I wonder what's really going on with my scryglass...
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq104 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Leave all further observations to the expert! I'll inform you if anything comes up. Mm-hmm, nice working with you.

;(Talk to Kazuha)
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq104 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' "I wander like the autumn leaves that float to the mountains and seas afar."
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq104 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Though I am still on my journey, my perspective has changed greatly since I first wrote that poem.

;(Talk to Xinyan)
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq104 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Kazuha seems pretty chill, and Her Highness has Mona to watch out for her, so we don't need to worry too much.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq104 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' As for you, (Traveler)... you're rockin' it as always, just like I am!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/2ALT-gUXz3E
|caption1 = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 1)|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Jardín primaveral de antaño (Parte 3)]]
[[ru:Весенний дворик прошлых лет (Часть 3)]]