{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40190
|image         = Event Quest As Though Caught in a Dream.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Enchanted Tales of the Mikawa Festival
|actType       = None
|actNum        = 1
|actNumLabel   = First Night
|requirement   = 
* [[Adventure Rank]] 30
* [[Archon Quest]] "[[Ritou Escape Plan]]"
|recommended = 
* [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act II
* [[Tapirus Somniator Chapter]]: Act I
* [[Dracaena Somnolenta Chapter]]: Act I
* [[Carassius Auratus Chapter]]: Act II
* [[Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu|Hangout Event: Sayu]]
* World Quest "[[Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual]]"
|characters    = "Gyoubu Koban"; "Kichiboushi"; "Shousei"; Arataki Itto; Asari; Ei; Gorou; Haruto; Hirano; Hirotatsu; Hitotsume Kozou; Inoue; Ioroi; Kamisato Ayaka; Kamisato Ayato; Kappa; Komura; Kujou Sara; Kuki Shinobu; Madarame Hyakubei; Paimon; Raiden Shogun; Sangonomiya Kokomi; Sayu; Takeshi; The Shogun; Thoma; Traveler; Yae Miko; Yoimiya; Youko; Yumemizuki Mizuki
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          = 
|next          = As Though Beholding Illusions
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Enchanted Tales of the Mikawa Festival]] Event.
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''As Though Caught in a Dream''''' is the first part of the [[Enchanted Tales of the Mikawa Festival]] Event.

==Steps==
# View the Invitation Letter
# Talk to [[Okuzumeshuu]]
# Pay a visit to [[Tenshukaku]]
# Pay a visit to [[Ioroi]]
# Make your way into [[Inazuma City]]
# Help the bake-danuki team up (0/3)
# Go to the [[Yashiro Commission]]
# Wait until the next day (13:00 &ndash; 16:00)
# Go to [[Mt. Yougou]]
# Share your play-test experience with [[Miko]]
#* Talk to contestants from various teams (optional)
# Talk to [[Paimon]]
# Defeat the opponents
#* {{Enemy|Kairagi: Dancing Thunder|link=Nightmare Fragments|text=??? &mdash; ???}}
# Talk to Paimon

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 12, the active party will be limited to a trial [[Traveler]] aligned to [[Electro]] and using a special combat mode (see [[#Tutorials|Tutorials]]). There will also be a barrier around the area.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 3, 4, 8, 9
|character_name          = Traveler (Electro)

<!-- WL 3 Stats -->
|character_level3        = 80
|constellation3          = 0

|weapon_name3            = Prototype Rancour
|weapon_level3           = 80
|refinement3             = 1

|artifact_flower3        = Gladiator's Nostalgia
|artifact_feather3       = Gladiator's Destiny
|artifact_sands3         = Gladiator's Longing
|artifact_goblet3        = Gladiator's Intoxication
|artifact_circlet3       = Gladiator's Triumphus
|artifact_level3         = 20
|set1_3                  = Gladiator's Finale
|set1_piece_bonus_3      = 4

|normal_attack_talent3   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent3 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent3 = 8

|hp3                     = 25,883
|atk3                    = 2,308
|def3                    = 889
|em3                     = 0
|crit_rate3              = 5.0%
|crit_dmg3               = 50.0%
|er3                     = 100.0%
|phy_dmg3                = 31.5%

<!-- WL 4 Stats -->
|character_level4        = 80
|constellation4          = 0

|weapon_name4            = Prototype Rancour
|weapon_level4           = 80
|refinement4             = 1

|artifact_flower4        = Gladiator's Nostalgia
|artifact_feather4       = Gladiator's Destiny
|artifact_sands4         = Gladiator's Longing
|artifact_goblet4        = Gladiator's Intoxication
|artifact_circlet4       = Gladiator's Triumphus
|artifact_level4         = 20
|set1_4                  = Gladiator's Finale
|set1_piece_bonus_4      = 4

|normal_attack_talent4   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent4 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent4 = 8

|hp4                     = 25,883
|atk4                    = 2,308
|def4                    = 889
|em4                     = 0
|crit_rate4              = 5.0%
|crit_dmg4               = 50.0%
|er4                     = 100.0%
|phy_dmg4                = 31.5%

<!-- WL 8 Stats -->
|character_level8        = 80
|constellation8          = 0

|weapon_name8            = Prototype Rancour
|weapon_level8           = 80
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Gladiator's Nostalgia
|artifact_feather8       = Gladiator's Destiny
|artifact_sands8         = Gladiator's Longing
|artifact_goblet8        = Gladiator's Intoxication
|artifact_circlet8       = Gladiator's Triumphus
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Gladiator's Finale
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

|hp8                     = 25,883
|atk8                    = 2,308
|def8                    = 889
|em8                     = 0
|crit_rate8              = 5.0%
|crit_dmg8               = 50.0%
|er8                     = 100.0%
|phy_dmg8                = 31.5%

<!-- WL 9 Stats -->
|character_level9        = 80
|constellation9          = 0

|weapon_name9            = Prototype Rancour
|weapon_level9           = 80
|refinement9             = 1

|artifact_flower9        = Gladiator's Nostalgia
|artifact_feather9       = Gladiator's Destiny
|artifact_sands9         = Gladiator's Longing
|artifact_goblet9        = Gladiator's Intoxication
|artifact_circlet9       = Gladiator's Triumphus
|artifact_level9         = 20
|set1_9                  = Gladiator's Finale
|set1_piece_bonus_9      = 4

|normal_attack_talent9   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent9 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent9 = 8

|hp9                     = 25,883
|atk9                    = 2,308
|def9                    = 889
|em9                     = 0
|crit_rate9              = 5.0%
|crit_dmg9               = 50.0%
|er9                     = 100.0%
|phy_dmg9                = 31.5%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You receive a long-awaited letter from [[Yae Miko]]...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}<!-- Unvoiced in EN: Arataki Itto, Gorou, Kujou Sara, Kuki Shinobu, Sangonomiya Kokomi, Thoma, Yoimiya -->
;(Upon obtaining quest)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? A letter from Miko? What is she plotting this time... Well, let's open it and take a look!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Invitation From Miko}})

;(Accept the Invitation Letter)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Tenshukaku? Why does she want to meet us there? Paimon has a bad feeling about this...
----
;(Talk to [[Takeshi]])
:{{A|vo schjeq001 1 takeshi 01.ogg}} '''Takeshi:''' Ah, welcome, honored {{Traveler}}. Guuji Yae told me about your visit. Please, come in.
:{{DIcon}} Well, that was a lot easier than last time...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 1 takeshi 02.ogg}} '''Takeshi:''' Ahem... The Almighty Shogun is also inside. It's best not to keep her waiting.
:;(The player is teleported into Tenshukaku)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...Now, now, there's no need to be so stubborn about this. I'll adjust the budget here, and we'll definitely turn a profit.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 raidenshogun 01.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' No. We must confirm the official representative before discussing details. There is an order to this that must be followed.
:{{Introductory Note|Raiden Shogun}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' From the way she's talking... This must be [[the Shogun]], right?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, it's her alright.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, little one. It's about time. Come, I have a contract for you to sign.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! We're not just gonna sign a random contract out of the blue!
:{{DIcon}} Also, if it's one of your contracts...
:{{DIcon}} How can I be sure I'm not signing myself up for slave labor or something?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hardly, hardly... Well, "labor" is a part of it, but you will be compensated...
:{{Introductory Note|Yae Miko}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hah, so it IS as bad as Paimon thought...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 raidenshogun 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo schjeq001 2 raidenshogun 02b.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' I see, so {{MC|m=he's|f=she's}} the representative you selected... {{MC|m=He|f=She}} would indeed be the perfect candidate for the [[Mikawa Flower Festival]].
:{{DIcon}} The Mikawa Flower Festival?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 raidenshogun 03.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' When the [[youkai]] still roamed the land, they celebrated an event known as the "Mikawa Flower Festival." It was an occasion for drink, laughter, and merriment.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' We hosted a version of it during the [[Test of Courage (Event Quest)|Test of Courage]]. Unfortunately, due to time constraints, we weren't able to put on a large celebration.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So, I got to thinking, why not have another go? This time, with a Mikawa Flower Festival for youkai and humans alike.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' One that combines human ingenuity with youkai arts to offer the most innovative and thrilling entertainment of our time.... open to all humans and youkai throughout the land.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Entertainment, huh... Wait, kind of like [[Akitsu Yuugei]] and [[Akitsu Haneasobi]]? Those games were really fun!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 raidenshogun 04.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' For an important event like this, an official representative is required to preside over the festivities. In the past, the role was usually given to the Guuji, or an individual from the Yashiro Commission. But this time...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Neither myself nor the [[Kamisato Clan|Kamisato family]] can assume the position, given we represent one side or the other &mdash; the youkai or the humans.
:{{DIcon}} But, aren't I human, too?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 raidenshogun 05.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Human you may be, but you {{sic|posses}} a deep connection with the youkai, and you do not hail from this land. That makes you a more neutral option.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 raidenshogun 06.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Moreover, you took part in the previous festival during the Test of Courage. In my estimation, there is no better candidate for the role.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Plus, your name has the potential to attract an even greater showing... So, are you going to sign this thing, or what?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, you've got a point... Then, let's go ahead and... Wait! Paimon almost fell into her trap!
:{{DIcon}} I don't work as a festival ambassador for free.
:{{DIcon}} How much are you willing to offer?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Come now, this is for an important occasion, is it not? Even I've chosen to throw profit to the wind. Surely a... selfless hero like yourself wouldn't turn your back on a good cause?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 raidenshogun 07.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' According to the proposal, the proceeds will be distributed as follows &mdash; forty percent to [[Yae Publishing House]] and ten percent to the festival representative.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, no fair!
:{{DIcon}} I want thirty percent.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Now, ten percent might not sound like much, but Yae Publishing House is going to great lengths for this occasion, both in time and personnel. All you need to do is show your face.
:{{DIcon}} ...You say that now, and then you're going to put me to work once I agree.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hah, getting smart, aren't you, little one? In that case, I'll throw in another ten percent from the other half of the proceeds.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 raidenshogun 08.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' No. The other half is going to the [[Shogunate]] &mdash; that is not up for negotiation. But, I am rather curious about the supposed "great lengths" you mentioned...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 raidenshogun 09.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Unless I am mistaken, most of the personnel and supplies are to be provided by the Shogunate. In that sense, forty percent seems rather high for your establishment, does it not?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That [[Ei]]... When did she reprogram you to argue back like this?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 raidenshogun 10.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Proceeds should be distributed according to contribution. Besides, from the very beginning, you planned to allocate an additional ten percent of your share to {{Traveler}}, did you not?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, so earlier... you were just trying to shortchange us!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' *sigh* What's the fun in bargaining if you open up with your best offer right off the bat?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon doesn't see the fun at all, but twenty percent is... acceptable.
:{{DIcon}} Alright, so what do I have to do as the representative?
:{{Black Screen|Once the representative is confirmed, the rest of the conversation goes quite smoothly.}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Games have always been a central part of the festival, and both Akitsu Haneasobi and Akitsu Yuugei were extremely popular.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So, the plan is to host an event where the attendees have forty-eight hours to create a game of their own. We'll have new and exciting entertainment in no time!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh! Everyone loves fun games! You won't have to worry about attracting humans and youkai to the event!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 raidenshogun 11.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' That is the general plan. I'll leave you to iron out the finer details and contact the participants.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 raidenshogun 12.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' This is a critical time for the Shogunate's new development plans, and the survey team is returning momentarily, so I must turn my attention to them.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 16a.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Got it, got it. We'll see you later, then.
:{{DIcon}} Where to now?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... [[Chinju Forest]]. Let's pay a visit to our old friend, Ioroi.
:;(The player is teleported to Chinju Forest)
----
;(Enter Chinju Forest)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, but before I forget, you should eat this Kitsune Meal first.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, it smells so good... Hmm... Oh, and also kind of like fried tofu, for some reason?

;(Approach Ioroi)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 01.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' Eek! The smell of humans... Nothing to see here, just a statue... Huh? Wait, why do I smell [[kitsune]]...
:{{Introductory Note|Ioroi}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Remember us, Ioroi?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 02.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' Ah! It's you youngsters... And... YOU! Hmph, the nasty kitsune who turned Chinju Forest into the playground for her Test of Courage!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Chinju Forest is supposed to be Ioroi's territory, right? No wonder he's so mad...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 03.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' Exactly! How could you hold a Test of Courage without inviting me!?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohhhhhh, so THAT's what he's angry about!
:{{DIcon}} But, um, sealed away like this...
:{{DIcon}} Could you even participate?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 04.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' ...*ahem* Anyway, what brings you all here? Something to discuss?
:{{DIcon}} (Okay, so he avoided the question completely...)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, I actually came to apologize about the Test of Courage.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It was my mistake not to invite more youkai to the ceremony. So, for this Mikawa Flower Festival, I knew I had to extend a personal invitation to the bake-danuki.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 kichiboushi 01.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Huh? The Mikawa Flower Festival?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 together 01.ogg}} '''Shousei & Gyoubu Koban:''' Yes!!! The Mikawa Flower Festival!!!
:{{Introductory Note|Kichiboushi & Shousei & Gyoubu Koban}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? [[Kichiboushi]], [[Shousei]], [[Gyoubu Koban]]... Where did you come from!?
:{{DIcon}} (And why can we understand them all of a sudden...)
:{{DIcon}} (Is it because of the Kitsune Meal? On second thought, better not to ask.)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 05.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' Hmph! Never trust an apology from a kitsune! Or an invitation, for that matter! It's just a silly festival... So what if there's delicious food!? Or fun games!?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 kichiboushi 02.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Yum yum!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 shousei 02.ogg}} '''"Shousei":''' Fun fun!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 06.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' That's enough, you two! Don't fall for the kitsune's cheap tricks! Such hopeless innocent cubs...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' What a shame... I was hoping to take you all to the festival, but it would seem Ioroi disapproves.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I suppose it makes sense... Poor Ioroi, stuck in this statue all alone while the rest of you got to have fun. How sad that would be...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 gyoubukoban 02.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Poor Ioroi!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 07.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' E&mdash;Excuse you! I am Ioroi, the Kakushigami of the [[bake-danuki]]! I'm just... um... Ah, yes! Just worried the cubs will get distracted and stray from the tanuki path...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, I should also mention, I was hoping the bake-danuki could help the humans take their games to the next level, talented as you are in the art of transformation.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' In Inazuma, only the bake-danuki can hope to match the kitsune in that area.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 08.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' Match!? The kitsune could never rival the transformative gifts of the bake-danuki!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...Ah, well, I was thinking of using the bake-danuki as the symbol of the event in promotions and such. But, alas, it would seem you don't like that idea, Ioroi.
:;(Miko turns around as she speaks, as if about to walk away after Ioroi's rejection)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' No matter &mdash; I shall simply seek the help of the kitsune. When the time comes, all of Inazuma will know the kitsune stepped in to accomplish what the bake-danuki could not...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 09.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' W&mdash;Wait!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Heh.
:{{DIcon}} What an obvious strategy...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It worked, didn't it?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 10.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' Ahem... My dear cubs, transforming into things that already exist is only a small fraction of what it means to become a great bake-danuki...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 11.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' To even get a quarter of the way through your training, you must be able to turn into things of your own invention, just like when I turned into a gigantic ramen bowl that could fly...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 12.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' So, go forth and seize this opportunity, so you can advance the name of the... Ah, no, I mean, advance your training!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 13a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 13b.ogg}}--> '''Ioroi:''' Not all humans are bad and scary &mdash; some are good, just like these youngsters. Go with them and transform into things you've never tried before.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Don't worry, Ioroi. The little tanuki are safe with me.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 14.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' You're the one I'm worried about...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we're here, too! We'll make sure they don't, uh... stray from the path!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 15.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' Hm... I'll hold you to that! Now, Kichiboushi, Shousei, Gyoubu Koban, while you're out there, always listen to&mdash;
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 kichiboushi 03.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Yep yep! Always listen to White Fur!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 shousei 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo schjeq001 3 shousei 03b.ogg}} '''"Shousei":''' And {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} Yellow Fur!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 gyoubukoban 03.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' And Auntie Pink&mdash;
:;(Miko gives the tanuki a scathing side-eye)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 gyoubukoban 04.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' ...*ahem* Miss Pink Fur!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 16.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' Ah, I almost forgot, given their level of training, speaking to humans will be a problem. Just a moment, I'll cook up a few Bake-Danuki Meals to keep on hand.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' No need. Here, Miss Pink Fur prepared a special Kitsune Meal for you all. It will give you the ability to speak to humans.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 17.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' Mm!? Y&mdash;You stole our tricks, too? A&mdash;And changed the name!?
:{{Black Screen|Seemingly oblivious to Ioroi's loud sounds of protest, Miko prepares a completely non-suspicious feast...}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 kichiboushi 04.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Mm! Yum yum!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 gyoubukoban 05.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Nom nom! Mmm!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 ioroi 18.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' *sigh*... Is it really that much better than mine...?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Splendid! That should make our lives easier. Now, we can head into the city and start forming the teams.
:{{DIcon}} Teams?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well, we need more than bake-danuki power to design these games... Hmm, two humans per team should suffice, I'd say.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Now, I need to discuss the layout of the venue with the Yashiro Commission. I'll leave the team recruitment to you.
:{{DIcon}} Put to work already...
:{{DIcon}} Guess I need to earn that extra ten percent...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold on, you're not taking part, Miko? You're really gonna sit out on the fun? You, of all people...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, making games is nowhere near as fun as playing them. Besides, working through the night certainly isn't my idea of a good time.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 kichiboushi 05.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Making games?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 shousei 04.ogg}} '''"Shousei":''' Working?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 gyoubukoban 06.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Through the night?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 3 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...Anyway, this time, I'm going to wait for the fun to come to me. See you later, little ones.

;(Talk to Ioroi, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 ioroi 01.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' Kichiboushi and the others are young, so their speaking ability is limited... I miss the days when the bake-danuki could run circles around the humans.
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 ioroi 02.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' Hold on, how were you able to understand them from the start? Does that mean the Bake-Danuki Meal from last time is still working...? Hah, take that, sneaky kitsune!
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 ioroi 03.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' Speaking of... *sniff, sniff* That kitsune is gone, yes? Good. I have a request, young one. Come closer...
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 ioroi 04.ogg}} '''Ioroi:''' You must protect the cubs from that sneaky kitsune at all costs!!!
{{Dialogue End}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|Everyone is busy preparing for the Mikawa Flower Festival...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Inazuma City teleport waypoint near [[Tsukumomono Groceries]])
:{{A|vo schjeq001 4 kichiboushi 01.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Eek! A city!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 4 shousei 01.ogg}} '''"Shousei":''' So many houses! So many humans!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 4 gyoubukoban 01.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Gotta farm beans! White Fur, Yellow Fur, how do we farm beans?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Form teams not "farm beans"! Uh... It's kind of hard to explain...
:{{DIcon}} It's like, finding people with similar interests.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's right! People with the same taste. Y'know, into the same thing. It's easier to come up with a game that way.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 4 kichiboushi 02.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Taste the same... Got it!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 4 shousei 02.ogg}} '''"Shousei":''' Easy peasy! White Fur, dumb.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 4 gyoubukoban 02.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Farm beans that taste the same!
:;(The three bake-danuki scurry off in different directions)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, wait! That's not... And, they're gone. In different directions, too! *sigh* Let's go after them!

;(Approach "Shousei," [[Arataki Itto]], and [[Thoma]] outside [[Komore Teahouse]])
:'''Thoma:''' ...Wait, you're saying he's not one of [[Ushi]]'s friends?
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Whoa, pump the breaks... I thought he was your friend.
:{{Introductory Note|Arataki Itto}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 6 shousei 01.ogg}} '''"Shousei":''' Hehe, long-horned [[oni]] and short-horned oni!
:'''Arataki Itto:''' He... He talks!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shousei! There you are!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 6 shousei 02.ogg}} '''"Shousei":''' White Fur! Yellow Fur! Shousei found White Fur and Yellow Fur number two. Both great youkai! Both like to play!
:'''Thoma:''' Great youkai... So, he thinks I'm an oni, too?
:{{DIcon}} What's going on?
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Listen, I was just playin' some [[Genius Invokation]] with my good bro Thoma during his time off...
:'''Thoma:''' And then, out of the blue, this... Shousei appeared right in the middle of our match.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 6 shousei 03.ogg}} '''"Shousei":''' Shousei loves to play! Long-horned and short-horned Oni also love to play! We taste the same, hehe!
:'''Arataki Itto:''' We what now?
:{{DIcon}} I can explain...
:{{Black Screen|You briefly explain the situation to Itto and Thoma...}}
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Oho! The Mikawa Flower Festival! Shoulda opened with that, compadre!
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Man, the [[Arataki Gang]] really hard-carried the last one. We'll turn this one into somethin' special, too!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Hitotsume Kozou]] and the others did all the work, Bull-chucker. You're really lumping them in with your gang?
:{{Introductory Note|Hitotsume Kozou & Youko & Kappa|guaranteed=yes}}<!-- yes this actually appeared, possibly a guaranteed intro note -->
:'''Arataki Itto:''' I&mdash;It's called doing them a favor... Besides, they look up to me. I'm like a cool older brother...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Hitotsume Kozou and his friends did come up with the Akitsu Yuugei game during the last festival. There's no reason not to invite them this time!
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Woo, the crew's gettin' back together! I'll round 'em up, hahaha!
:'''Thoma:''' ...Technically, I'm on vacation, but I'm happy to assist the Yashiro Commission with the festival.
:'''Arataki Itto:''' That's what I like to hear! Alright, let's round up those three little fellas and start workin' on the Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Akitsu Yuugei Game...
:;(The camera pans to [[Kuki Shinobu]], who seemingly appeared out of nowhere)
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' Not so fast.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 6 shousei 04.ogg}} '''"Shousei":''' ...Hornless oni?
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' We have an advertising job to finish, remember, Boss?
:{{Introductory Note|Kuki Shinobu}}
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Huh?? We... We do!?
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' Re-shoots, follow-up work... There's still a mountain of things to do.
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, well... uh...
:;(Shinobu glances at Thoma before addressing Itto)
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' *ahem* Look at Thoma here, kind enough to help with the festival even during his vacation. I would think the Boss of the Arataki Gang would show even more dedication to his work, but y'know, that's just me...
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Uhh... Umm...
:'''Thoma:''' Hah... Looks like your time is spoken for, my friend.
:'''Thoma:''' Wrap up what you need to do, and we can finish our match at the festival. Best of both worlds!
:'''Arataki Itto:''' *sigh*... Alright! Those errands are a piece of cake. I'll be back in no time!
:'''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, but first, I should introduce you to Kozou and the others. Then, you can head to the festival... without me.
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' Then, let's get a move on! No use standing here talking about it &mdash; go make those introductions. We have stuff to do... Sorry, {{Traveler}} and Paimon. I'm sure we'll see you later.
:;(Itto trails after Shinobu as they walk away up the south road)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 6 shousei 05.ogg}} '''"Shousei":''' Hornless oni, so scary...
:'''Thoma:''' Hahaha...

;(Approach "Kichiboushi" standing on [[Sayu]] in her Muji-Muji Daruma form behind [[Uyuu Restaurant]])
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 kichiboushi 01.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' White Fur! Yellow Fur! Over here! Kichiboushi found big, sleepy tanuki!
:{{DIcon}} Hate to break it to you Kichiboushi, but...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hey... I'm a mujina, not a tanuki!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 kichiboushi 02.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' ...Ohhh, mujina youkai that can turn into tanuki?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No, wait... I'm not a mujina or a tanuki. I'm Sayu!
:{{Introductory Note|Sayu}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 kichiboushi 03.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Tanuki... Mujina... Sayu... So many transformations! Sayu is youkai?
:{{DIcon}} She's a ninja, not a youkai.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I don't transform at all! I've been a human this whole time! Who is this guy, anyway? Popping up out of nowhere right when I found a spot to sleep...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ehehe... Sorry, this is probably the first time Kichiboushi has ever seen a ninja...
:;([[Yoimiya]] pops out of a nearby bush)
:'''Yoimiya:''' Ah, the Big Tanuki and the Great Mujina Youkai are facing off! The rumors around [[Hanamizaka]] were true!
:{{Introductory Note|Yoimiya}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Not this again... It's just Sayu!
:'''Yoimiya:''' Oh... Haha, no youkai, huh. My bad, Sayu. I rushed over here {{sic|are|expected=as}} soon as I heard the rumors. Guess I got a bit carried away...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *whimper*... And there goes my nap...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 kichiboushi 04.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Hahaha, silly humans. Much to learn.
:'''Yoimiya:''' Whoa, hold on... Is this guy... a real youkai!?
:{{DIcon}} His name is Kichiboushi.
:'''Yoimiya:''' Well, hello there, Kichiboushi!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 kichiboushi 05.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Mm! This human... really really warm!
:'''Yoimiya:''' Uh... warm?
:{{DIcon}} Warm... personality-wise, I'm guessing?
:'''Yoimiya:''' Oh, hahaha... Well, what brings you to Inazuma City, Kichiboushi? We don't often get bake-danuki around these parts.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Boy, where do we begin...
:{{Black Screen|You briefly explain the situation to Yoimiya.}}
:'''Yoimiya:''' Ahhh, I see. You're recruiting people to develop games for the Mikawa Flower Festival...
:{{DIcon}} You interested?
:'''Yoimiya:''' Well, duh! C'mon, Sayu! Let's do it together!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' ...Ugh! Right when I was trying to run...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' About that... um... I'm pretty busy... uh... practicing ninjutsu and such...
:'''Yoimiya:''' Oh, I heard the bake-danuki are great at ninjutsu! Rumors has it, with a single thought, they can grow taller than a house! Is that true, Kichiboushi?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Taller than a house? I've never heard of a ninjutsu like that...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 kichiboushi 06.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' It's not ninjutsu, it's bake-danuki art! We don't grow taller than house!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' S&mdash;See...? I knew it wouldn't be that easy...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 kichiboushi 07.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' We grow taller than mountain!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' EH!?
:'''Yoimiya:''' Sayu...?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' S&mdash;Sorry... Just thinking about something sensei always said: "You can't just focus on drills, Sayu. You need to push the limits of what you know about ninjutsu."
:{{DIcon}} Well, this is as good an opportunity as any.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I... I guess...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 kichiboushi 08.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Farm beans, success?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' A&mdash;Alright, let's go discuss this ninjutsu... Ah, no. This bake-danuki art of transformation! The one you're going to use for the festival!
:'''Yoimiya:''' Yes! I've always wanted to go to a festival with you, Sayu! Let's go to my place to brainstorm! We can even set off some fireworks when we're done!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 5 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uh... I'll pass on the fireworks. They're terrible for my sleep...

;(Approach "Gyoubu Koban," [[Gorou]], [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]], and [[Yumemizuki Mizuki]] behind [[Aisa Bathhouse]])
:;(Gyoubu Koban approaches the rear of the bathhouse and peaks around one of the planters. The Traveler and Paimon walk up behind him.)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Gyoubu Koban? What are you doing?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 gyoubukoban 01.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Spying on great youkai! Great youkai whisper about something with humans!
:;(The Traveler and Paimon crouch down behind the planter.)
:{{DIcon}} ...A great youkai?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...So, what do you think? Are you interested in our proposal?
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Hmm, the idea has a lot of promise, but I'm afraid there are no natural hot springs on [[Watatsumi Island|Watatsumi island]]. And, the cost of heating them artificially is a bit too&mdash;
:{{Introductory Note|Sangonomiya Kokomi}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 02.ogg}} '''???:''' One second. I believe someone's listening... Hello over there &mdash; you're more than welcome to join, but a face-to-face conversation is more appropriate, don't you think?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 gyoubukoban 02.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Eek! Great youkai found us!
:;(The Traveler stands up.)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' I&mdash;It's just us!
:'''Gorou:''' {{Traveler}}? Paimon?
:{{Introductory Note|Gorou}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' There's no need to be nervous, you two. It's not like I think you're corporate spies.
:{{Introductory Note|Yumemizuki Mizuki}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' As for you... It's been a while since I've met one of your kind. What's your name? Is Ioroi doing well?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 gyoubukoban 03.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Eek...!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Huh...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, uh... This is Gyoubu Koban. It's his first time visiting a city, so he's a bit shy around strangers.
:{{DIcon}} As for Ioroi...
:{{DIcon}} He's the same as always.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' So, still sealed in that statue, then? I suppose it can't be helped...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 07.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Nice to meet you, Gyoubu Koban. My name is Yumemizuki Mizuki. I'm a [[yumekui-baku]]. We're youkai, just like you.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 gyoubukoban 04.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Great youkai is... surprisingly friendly?
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Ah, looks like he was scared that, as a "great youkai," you were going to do something terrible to him for interrupting our secret meeting.
:{{DIcon}} So, it was actually a secret meeting...?
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Not exactly, no. We were discussing the potential of opening a new branch of the Aisa Bathhouse on Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? Aisa Bathhouse is expanding to Watatsumi Island?
:'''Gorou:''' Well, tourism is one of the areas we're hoping to expand. We've been discussing the possibility with Miss Mizuki for quite some time.
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Still, given the lack of natural springs on Watatsumi island, we're looking at high operating costs. And, if it's not different enough from the main branch, I worry about its ability to draw in customers.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 08.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' All valid points. We do need to differentiate the brand. We could place a greater emphasis on physiotherapy...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 09.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Or add some popular activities, such as carefully designed "games"...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 gyoubukoban 05.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' ...Games!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Games? In a bathhouse?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 10.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Of course! Games are often used in psychological treatment to put patients at ease.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 11.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Anyway, the topic of games really seemed to pique your interest... Is there something going on?
:{{DIcon}} Ahem, allow me to explain...
:{{Black Screen|You briefly explain the situation to everyone...}}
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I see... A new kind of Mikawa Flower Festival. Miss "Fried Tofu With All the Frills" is as ingenious as ever.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 12.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Miko, huh... I knew I smelled scheming in the air...
:'''Gorou:''' Oh, uh... That lady again? W&mdash;Well, there's a lot of work to do on Watatsumi Island. So, we probably don't have time for something like that... right, Your Excellency?
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Hmm... I do think there's potential in turning Watatsumi Island into a tourist destination.
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' We could use the festival as a proof of concept and establish a partnership with Miss Mizuki. If people are drawn to our game, that would mean a lot of positive publicity, which would benefit us in the long term.
:'''Gorou:''' Ah... B&mdash;But, aren't Aisa Bathhouse and Yae Publishing House business rivals?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 13.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Rivalries aside, I have no qualm using Yae Publishing House's resources to our advantage.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 14.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Besides, if I remember correctly, you have a connection to Yae Publishing House as well, don't you, General Gorou? You work on the That's Life column?
:'''Gorou:''' Oh, well... Yes, I do...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 15.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...If our venture is to focus on games, then as future business partners, I'm sure you would appreciate an opportunity to see what I can do.
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Hehe, an astute observation, Miss Mizuki. Well, shall we? Getting down to business is often the quickest way to bring people together, after all.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 7 mizuki 16.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...Agreed! Then, why don't we discuss some of the finer details before the festival begins?
:;(Gorou sags in defeat)
:'''Gorou:''' Oh, but... Um... *sigh*... Alright... Then, I guess I should&mdash;
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Actually, Gorou, I was hoping you might attend to the business on Watatsumi Island in the meantime. Just as you said, there is quite a bit to be done...
:'''Gorou:''' Huh...?
:;(Gorou gives the Traveler a questioning look)
:{{DIcon}} She's giving you an out.
:{{DIcon}} She's giving you a way to avoid Miko.
:'''Gorou:''' ...Of course!
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' In addition, I'd like you to encourage the people of Watatsumi Island to attend the festival. It's a celebration for humans and youkai alike...
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' ...So, that includes our people as well. This should be an occasion that brings people together.
:'''Gorou:''' ...Understood! Leave it to me, Your Excellency.

;(After finding all three bake-danuki)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, that should be enough teams! Time to report back to the Yashiro Commission!
----
;(Approach the [[Kamisato Estate]])
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 hirotatsu 01.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' [[Kamisato Ayaka|Miss Kamisato]], this is the list of the stage materials for your review...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 madaramehyakubei 01.ogg}} '''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Miss Kamisato, I have your schedule for tomorrow...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hmm... The list looks fine. As for the schedule, let's move the meeting with the [[Tenryou Commission]] up a little. They're in charge of festival security, so that should take precedence.
:{{Introductory Note|Kamisato Ayaka}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, she looks super busy... Should we come back later?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hm? Oh... {{Traveler}}!
:{{DIcon}} You seem busy.
:{{DIcon}} Are we interrupting?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...Oh, no. You're fine. You caught me just as I was finishing up, actually.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Lady Guuji said you're the official festival representative, and you've been busy recruiting participants... So, I should do my part too, right?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' For large events like the Test of Courage, [[Kamisato Ayato|Brother]] usually does most of the organizing. But this time, I wanted to take some work off his back.
:{{DIcon}} That should be a big help!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I hope so!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, speaking of the recruitment, we found a bunch of people! We should be good to go!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh, already? That was fast... I wasn't sure we would find enough participants. I thought I might have to sign up myself...
:{{DIcon}} Oh, well there's still time...
:{{DIcon}} I could go and ask...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh, don't worry about it. I can only focus on so many things, anyway. If we have enough people, I should stick to organizing.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I suppose I'm a little sad about not taking part... But, I'm looking forward to the festival all the same.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' When the time comes, perhaps we could check it out tog&mdash;
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 hirano 01.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' Miss Kamisato! Another letter from the [[Kanjou Commission]]!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ah! Coming! ...Sorry, duty calls. We'll have to talk about our plans another time.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' My brother's the one overseeing the teams. I believe he's in the courtyard with Lady Guuji. You can go in when you're ready.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks, Ayaka! See you later!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' See you later.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Ayaka's really working hard... Guess we should follow suit. You're the festival representative, and that makes Paimon the representative of the representative. So, in other words, let's do this!
:;(The Traveler walks into the courtyard)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, it's about time... I could hear you talking outside.
:'''Kamisato Ayato:''' I apologize for not greeting you upon arrival. The Lady Guuji and I were discussing something urgent.
:{{Introductory Note|Kamisato Ayato}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, don't worry about it! We were talking to Ayaka, anyway.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Heh, now that young lady is one enthusiastic volunteer, especially when she heard about your involvement, {{Traveler}}. Solved our personnel problem in one fell swoop...
:{{DIcon}} So, you took the opportunity to order her around as well?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hardly... It was entirely her decision. Besides, you really think I could order her around with her big brother standing right there?
:'''Kamisato Ayato:''' I do hope she gets what she wants out of the event... Now, I see the bake-danuki are no longer with you. I assume that means the teams are set?
:{{DIcon}} Yep. Here's the situation...
:{{Black Screen|You explain what happened to Ayato...}}
:'''Kamisato Ayato:''' Heh... Long-horned oni and short-horned oni. Those are some interesting names.
:'''Kamisato Ayato:''' I was hoping Thoma would use the festival as an excuse to relax, but it would seem he refuses to remain idle.
:'''Kamisato Ayato:''' He even signed up as a participant... Well, here's to hoping the game development is enjoyable, at the very least.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...Ah, Mizuki signed up, too? Along with the "Sole of the Deep"? Now, this is getting interesting... I knew it was a good idea to put you in charge of recruitment, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They're planning to use your festival to promote Aisa Bathhouse!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, is that so? Then, perhaps I should up the ante...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, Ayato... Is everything set on your end, then?
:'''Kamisato Ayato:''' Yes. The Yashiro Commission will be in contact with each team and arrange for lodging, food, equipment, and travel.
:'''Kamisato Ayato:''' We will also determine the overall theme for the games, which will be announced forty-eight hours before the opening of the festival.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes, yes, that's all well and good. I just have one small adjustment...
:{{DIcon}} ...That doesn't bode well!
:{{DIcon}} ...That REALLY doesn't bode well!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 8 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, why so anxious? I'm just trying to keep things exciting! When we're ready to announce the theme, come to the festival grounds at the foot of Mt. Yougou. We'll see you there.

;(Talk to Ayato again, optional)
:'''Kamisato Ayato:''' The Lady Guuji is very... imaginative. There's no telling how the festival will end up in the end.
:{{DIcon}} She can be a handful...
:'''Kamisato Ayato:''' I wouldn't go that far. Though outlandish at times, her ideas usually contain strokes of genius that can be quite practical in the end.
:'''Kamisato Ayato:''' Besides, with you and Ayaka involved in the event, trust that I will intervene if things get out of hand. You need not worry.
----
;(On the next day)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The theme for the games is being announced today, right? Who knows what Miko's got up her sleeve... Let's go check it out!

;(Talk to [[Asari]], optional)<!-- Disappears from the venue after the quest completes -->
:'''Asari:''' Were all these decorations and items created by bake-danuki? Youkai sure are awesome!

;(Talk to [[Komura]], optional)<!-- Disappears from the venue after the quest completes -->
:'''Komura:''' Gah, I'm so full... Shouldn't have taken a kitsune on in a Kitsune Ramen eating contest, of all things...

;(Approach [[Kujou Sara]])
:'''Kujou Sara:''' ...Though the festival has yet to begin, the game development process is sure to attract a crowd.
:{{Introductory Note|Kujou Sara}}
:'''Kujou Sara:''' It is the Tenryou Commission's responsibility to maintain security and order throughout the entirety of the proceedings. So, remain vigilant. Understood?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 haruto 01.ogg}} '''Haruto:''' Yes, Ma'am!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, [[Kujou Sara|Sara]]!
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Oh, it's you. It's been a while.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You guys are here early! There's still three whole days until the festival starts...
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Correction &mdash; there's a little over forty-eight hours. Besides, many patrons are already here to observe the development process. Festival security starts now.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, but what about the Statue of the, uh... Almighty... Narukami, uh... Ogo&mdash; Eh, you know [[Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder|the one]]. Won't you miss out on it again?
:{{DIcon}} Want us to buy one for you?
:'''Kujou Sara:''' ...Heh, no need. All Statues of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder being sold at this event are an old model.
:'''Kujou Sara:''' And as it turns out... I already own five of said model at home.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, okay... Well, that's definitely more than enough...
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Yes, I only own five Statues of Her Excellency at any given time. That is my maximum.
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Any more, and I'm afraid I would not be able to afford them the proper care.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, THAT'S the reason?
:'''Kujou Sara:''' ...Personal matters aside, I heard you are the representative for this event. You should proceed to the stage and speak with the Lady Guuji.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right... Looks like we're running out of time. Let's go, then! See you later, Sara.
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Goodbye.
:;(The Traveler and Paimon walk off)<!-- Camera stays on Sara -->
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 inoue 01.ogg}} '''Inoue:''' ...Ma'am! We have a message from Commission headquarters. They need you to return as soon as possible!
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Headquarters...? Now, of all times? Alright, keep watch in my absence. I won't be long.
:;(The Traveler and Paimon walk up to Miko)<!-- Camera switches back to Traveler -->
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, you're here! Now, we can get the ball rolling...
:{{DIcon}} Are we late?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Right on time, I'd say. I was just about to announce the theme for the games.
:{{DIcon}} Uhh, what's that thing behind you...?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, this? Just a little something to spice things up.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So... stay tuned!
:;(Somewhere nearby in the festival venue)
:'''Thoma:''' Hmm... We should be getting close, right?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' So sleepy... Can't wait any more...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' A theme decided by Miko and the Yashiro Commission... What's it gonna be...?
:;(Miko walks up on stage)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' One thing we all share... is our capacity to dream.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Outlandish fantasies of the mind, nostalgic memories of the past, or telling reflections of our inner selves...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' In a similar sense, games also blur the lines between fantasy and reality. Just like our dreams, the bounds of possibility are as limitless as our imagination.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...With that in mind, your task is to create a game within the next forty-eight hours centered around the theme of "dreams." The genre and style are completely up to you...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay... Nothing too crazy so far...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' And, to provide some additional motivation...
:;(A samurai walks up on stage and places the award on a pedestal)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The winning team will be awarded the Tanuki Game Award!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As well as a generous sum of Mora... AND a sponsorship from Yae Publishing House to fully develop the game and promote it throughout all Inazuma!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 kichiboushi 01.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Mm!?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 shousei 01.ogg}} '''"Shousei":''' A&mdash;All Inazuma!?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 gyoubukoban 01.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Thump thump... *squeal*!?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' In the interest of fairness, the evaluation committee will decide the winner based on attendee feedback as well as the opinion of our festival representative.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Now, with that out of the way, let the game development begin! The forty-eight hour countdown... begins now.
:{{Black Screen|Although Miko's sudden announcement leaves people reeling, the teams quickly get to work...}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hm, looks like things are going well. We've just started, and it seems like all our teams have a plan.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Plus, with the transformative powers of the bake-danuki, bringing those visions to fruition should be a lot easier.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As the festival's most important judge and representative... You should go check on the progress, don't you think?
:{{DIcon}} I really didn't see that coming...
:{{DIcon}} Me as the main judge? Really?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It all comes down to fairness, as I said. I worked with the Yashiro Commission to come up with the theme, so the judging must go to someone else.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' No need to stress, though. It's all fun and games, is it not? Just choose the one you enjoy the most.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Of course, if it's appearances you're worried about, you could always... Oh, I don't know... check in on the teams and ask about their ideas?
:{{DIcon}} What do you mean "appearances"?
:{{DIcon}} I plan to take this seriously, like I always do.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 10 yaemiko 20.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, and that proves that I picked the right person. Go on, then &ndash; I won't keep you.
:;(Opens the event menu)

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, you need to pick the "best game," huh... Well, why don't we take a look around to get a feel for things? Then, we can go talk to Miko!

;(Talk to Miko before talking to all the teams, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? Back so soon? Did you want to withhold judgment until they're done?
:{{DIcon}} Hmm, I think I'm good. I don't need to make a call right away.
::{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, you don't want to judge an unfinished product? Well, that does make sense...
::{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' There are fun things to do at some of the stalls nearby. You can check them out while the contestants work on their games.
::{{Black Screen|You spend some time perusing the stalls and play-testing "Bunshin Phantasm," "Akitsu Harpastum," and "A Little Fox's Daydream."<br>Soon, night falls.}}
:;(Skip to step 11)
:{{DIcon}} Hmm, guess I should go back and check things out some more...
::{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That's the spirit! Give the games another look, and I'm sure one of them will speak to you. Go on, now.

;(Talk to Thoma, Hitotsume Kozou, [[Kappa]], or [[Youko]], optional)
:'''Thoma:''' Alright... Let's add another [[elemental reaction]] here...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 13 together 01.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou & Kappa:''' Boss Thoma is the best!
:'''Thoma:''' Heh, that's nice of you, but it's all thanks to Akitsu Yuugei that I came up with this in the first place, and that was all you...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 13 youko 01.ogg}} '''Youko:''' Anything for Boss Thoma!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... Guess this team really hit it off...
:'''Thoma:''' Oh, hi there, {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like you're getting along great with Kozou and the others! Guess a "fixer" can work with just about anyone, huh...
:'''Thoma:''' Haha, I have Itto to thank, actually. He introduced me to Kozou and the others after you left that day.
:'''Thoma:''' We didn't get to see each other much during the Test of Courage, but they're a very friendly group of youkai...
:'''Thoma:''' All I had to do was mention the Mikawa Flower Festival, and they agreed to help right away. They even showed up bright and early this morning.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That makes sense! It was their dream to host the Mikawa Flower {{sic|Festvial}}.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 13 hitotsumekozou 02.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' ...Yep! That's right!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 13 youko 02.ogg}} '''Youko:''' Yeah, totally! We've been dreaming about it for a long time!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what are you planning for the game? It kinda sounded like you're making a sequel to Akitsu Yuugei!
:'''Thoma:''' Hmm... I suppose it's a spiritual sequel of sorts? It's a combination of Akitsu Yuugei and [[Mondstadt]]'s [[Ludi Harpastum]]...I call it, "Akitsu Harpastum."
:'''Thoma:''' It's pretty simple, actually. Just swing the racket to hit the balls back where they came from.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, but what does that have to do with the theme?
:'''Thoma:''' Haha... Good question. The Lady Guuji did say that reminiscing about "nostalgic memories" is a form of dreaming, right?
:'''Thoma:''' For many years after leaving Mondstadt, the only place I could experience Ludi Harpastum was in my dreams...
:'''Thoma:''' Once I was old enough to go back on my own, too much had changed... My age, my mindset... Whatever it was, the Ludi Harpastum of my childhood was gone.
:{{DIcon}} Thoma...
:'''Thoma:''' So, I suppose you could say, "Akitsu Harpastum" is a childhood dream many years in the making.
:'''Thoma:''' Oh, and in the play-test stage, I added a few characters that often appear in fairytales and dreamscapes.
:'''Thoma:''' ...Hopefully, that reinforces the theme a bit more, haha. Wanna give it a try?
:{{DIcon}} Sure!
::{{A|vo schjeq001 13 shousei 01a 1.ogg}} '''"Shousei":''' Haha! White Fur, Yellow Fur, get ready!
::;(Opens "Akitsu Harpastum{{Colon}} Dreams Doubled" challenge menu)
:{{DIcon}} Next time for sure.
::'''Thoma:''' Haha, I almost forgot! You're an important figure in this event! Well, don't let us keep you. Come back any time!

;(Talk to Thoma, Hitotsume Kozou, Kappa, or Youko again, optional)
:'''Thoma:''' Hmm, we need to fine tune some things if we want to take home that award... Should we add a few more mechanisms?
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 hitotsumekozou 01.ogg}} '''Hitotsume Kozou:''' Anything for Boss Thoma!
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 youko 01.ogg}} '''Youko:''' Boss Thoma is the best!
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 kappa 01.ogg}} '''Kappa:''' Great idea, Boss Thoma!
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 shousei 01.ogg}} '''"Shousei":''' Boss Thoma is best!

;(Talk to Sayu or Yoimiya, optional)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! Look at this! You've made so much progress already!
:'''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, all credit to Kichiboushi! We just told him what we wanted, and he made the set in no time!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' He helped with the gameplay, too... All we had was a prototype, and now it's ready for play-testing already. His skills are amazing...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 kichiboushi 01.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Hm! Kichiboushi, amazing!
:{{DIcon}} Very amazing!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, um... how do we play? It doesn't seem super obvious...
:'''Yoimiya:''' The board is infused with youkai power! All you need to do is place your hand on it to enter the "dreamscape"... At least, I think that's how it works, right, Kichiboushi?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 kichiboushi 02.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Orange Fur, very smart!
<!-- Paimon turns around, revealing her detective glasses and moustache -->
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, you could say your game unifies human ingenuity with bake-danuki magic to create a scene that is completely illusory... Very creative!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 kichiboushi 03.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' White Fur, suddenly use many big words...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' You sure sound official all of a sudden, Paimon... Are you trying to act like a real judge?
:{{DIcon}} Don't mind her.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hm... This new style of game development deserves a name! How about "Unreal"? Ooh! Or "Unity"?
:{{DIcon}} Could you tell us about your game?
:'''Yoimiya:''' You betcha!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Hey, a little acknowledgment would be nice!
:'''Yoimiya:''' Although, Sayu's the better person to ask! "Bunshin Phantasm" is her brain-child, after all.
:{{DIcon}} "Bunshin Phantasm"?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yeah! It's based on a dream I had... In the dream, I learned to make bunshin, and I made them do all my work for me.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' With my clones around, there was no reason for that lady to come find me, so I could sleep as long as I wanted...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So even when you're asleep, you dream of getting more sleep...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' It's just... I got so excited at the prospect that I actually woke myself up... *sigh* If only I could make bunshin in real life...
:{{DIcon}} I have a feeling...
:{{DIcon}} Your clones might not want to work any more than you do...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Well, then... Even if some get caught, the others could take a nap in the meantime, right?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But if your clones do all the work, doesn't all that fatigue transfer back to you in the end?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, well, um... When you put it that way... I don't know anymore...
:'''Yoimiya:''' All dreams are nonsensical and complicated in their own way. But that's what makes them interesting!
:'''Yoimiya:''' Anyway, that's our game &mdash; "The Most Wonderful Bunshin Phantasm: Mujina Body Doubles to the Rescue!"
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's a... mujina body double?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 12 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' That's a long story... Wanna just give it a try?
:{{DIcon}} Sure!
::{{A|vo schjeq001 12 sayu 09a 1.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Awesome! All you have to do is put your hand on the board and close your eyes...
::;(Opens "Bunshin Phantasm" challenge menu)
:{{DIcon}} Next time for sure.
::'''Yoimiya:''' Ah, right! You have other teams to check out! All good! Whenever you're ready to play, just touch the board, and you're good to go!

;(Talk to Sayu or Yoimiya again, optional)
:'''Yoimiya:''' Just think, all the kids in Inazuma might have a chance to play our game! Ah, I'm so excited! We have to win!
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 kichiboushi 01.ogg}} '''"Kichiboushi":''' Have to win!
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' O&mdash;Or, we could take a more laid back approach? I mean, we shouldn't jeopardize our sleep or anything...
:'''Yoimiya:''' Hm, you have a point... The most important thing is to have fun.
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, and learning a ninjutsu to grow taller! *ahem* I mean, learning new ninjutsu in general, hehe...

;(Talk to Mizuki or Kokomi, optional)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey there, Mizuki, Kokomi, and Gyoubu Koban! How are things going over here?
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Not bad &mdash; we've made a lot of progress. Miss Mizuki is very experienced, and Gyoubu Koban's abilities are simply astonishing.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 gyoubukoban 01.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Piece of cake! *click click*
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Experienced, huh... That must put you at a huge advantage! Is it because you use games in your work?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Hmm, I'm not sure it gives me an advantage, per se... The games I use are for clinical purposes, not entertainment.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 mizuki 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' But if we want that award, we need something a lot more fun. So, my experience only goes so far.
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' That reminds me... The Yashiro Commission chose "dreams" as the theme of the competition. Do you think that was targeted at us?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, using "dreams" to test a dream-eater... Yeah, it does sound like some kind of challenge...
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' They knew we wanted to use this as an opportunity to advertise our game. But, now, it's a competition...
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Which means, if we lose, our game will be completely overshadowed by the winner.
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' And if we win, she gets a share of the profits as the primary investor... Miss "Fried Tofu With All the Frills" is on the top of her game.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... That's a lot of scheming...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 gyoubukoban 02.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Mm? Screaming?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 mizuki 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' On the other hand, if we do win first place, the prestige will help us get the word out, which should increase the popularity of the bathhouse on Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 mizuki 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' As for Yae Publishing House's sponsorship... As long as we win the competition, we get to decide the terms.
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Winner takes all, huh... I suppose it works both ways. This definitely has the Lady Guuji written all over it.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 mizuki 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' My guess... is that she's doing all this for the entertainment factor &mdash; for fun, basically.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 gyoubukoban 03.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Mm! Fun, fun! Gyoubu Koban likes fun!
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Heh, well said. I suppose that's the purpose of a game, after all. For now, let's focus on making our game the best it can be.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good idea! So, what kind of game are you gonna make?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 mizuki 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' We're calling it, "A Little Fox's Daydream." Basically, you play as a fox navigating between sweet dreams and nightmares in search of delicious fried tofu.
:{{DIcon}} I think I might know who the "little fox" is supposed to be...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, looks like that fox takes some inspiration from, uh... real life...
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Well, the design was Miss Mizuki's idea, but I'm completely on board. Sometimes, the only way to meet a challenge is with a challenge of your own.
:{{DIcon}} (Fighting fire with fire, huh...)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 mizuki 07.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' That's the definition of fun, don't you think? So, wanna give it a try?
:{{DIcon}} Sure!
::'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Wonderful! Right this way...
::;(Opens "A Little Fox's Daydream" challenge menu)
:{{DIcon}} Next time for sure.
::{{A|vo schjeq001 14 gyoubukoban 04b 1.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Next time, next time! That's a promise!

;(Talk to Mizuki or Kokomi again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Oh, here's an idea... Let's make the final checkpoint of this stage a ramen stand.
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 gyoubukoban 01.ogg}} '''"Gyoubu Koban":''' Hm? Ramen stand? Why?
:'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Let me guess... another callback to the real-life Lady Guuji?

;(Talk to Ayaka, optional)<!-- To the left of the stage -->
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I can't believe I finished everything in time... That was close.
:{{DIcon}} Organizing a competition out of thin air...
:{{DIcon}} That must have been a lot of work.
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yeah... It was a very last-minute change of plans. We had to get a bunch of supplies ready, like the Tanuki Game Award, which took a while.
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' If only I had a bit more time, I'm sure I could have made it look better...

;(Talk to Ayato, optional)<!-- Across from the stage -->
:'''Kamisato Ayato:''' The Lady Guuji's decision to turn this into a competition certainly was... unexpected. But, I digress... What do you think of the award?
:{{DIcon}} It's very cute.
::'''Kamisato Ayato:''' Is that so? Hehe, make sure to let Ayaka know you think so.
:{{DIcon}} It's alright...
::'''Kamisato Ayato:''' Ah, well... It was a bit last minute...
----
;(After talking with all the teams)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 14 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright &mdash; we checked out each of the games! Wanna give any of them another go? If not, let's head back and find Miko.

;(Talk to Yae Miko)
:{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well? Did you get a good look at all the games?
:{{DIcon}} I think so.
::{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? And what are your thoughts? I'm all ears.
::;(Proceeds to the next step)
:{{DIcon}} I want to look around some more...
::{{A|vo dialog schjeq001 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? Well, hurry back. Don't keep me waiting for too long!
----
:{{Black Screen|You share your play-test insights with Miko...}}
:{{A|vo schjeq001 16 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Mmm, fascinating... Which game are you looking forward to the most?
:{{DIcon}} Sayu's "Bunshin Phantasm"...
::{{A|vo schjeq001 16 yaemiko 02a 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Bunshin, huh... I'm not surprised she's interested in learning that ninjutsu. I suppose I could find an opportunity to teach her...
::{{A|vo schjeq001 16 paimon 01a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you know how to make bunshin!?
::{{A|vo schjeq001 16 yaemiko 02a 2.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well, if it's conjuring a body double to sit at the shrine in my place, that's child's play. I'm sure plenty of youkai can do the same.
::{{A|vo schjeq001 16 yaemiko 02a 3.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, but best not let [[Kano Nana|Nana]] find out... Pretend I didn't say anything, okay?
:{{DIcon}} Thoma's "Akitsu Harpastum"...
::{{A|vo schjeq001 16 yaemiko 02b 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Akitsu Harpastum, huh? I'm sure that will be a nostalgic experience for many people.
::{{A|vo schjeq001 16 yaemiko 02b 2.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm, perhaps a Mondstadt spin on an Inazuman classic will be... Dare I say, a breath of fresh air...
::{{A|vo schjeq001 16 yaemiko 02b 3.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' What do you say we drag Ei out here so she can join in on the fun?
:{{DIcon}} Mizuki's "A Little Fox's Day&mdash;"
::{{A|vo schjeq001 16 yaemiko 02c 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm?
::'''{{Traveler}}:''' (You quickly cut yourself off upon sensing a sharp look from Miko.)
::{{A|vo schjeq001 16 yaemiko 02c 2.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' What an interesting take on the theme... Tell me, did it come from Miss "Sole of the Deep" or my dear, old friend?
::{{DIcon}} You're not going to charge them for using your likeness, are you...?
::{{A|vo schjeq001 16 yaemiko 02c 3.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Heh, not a bad idea. But, I'm more interested in seeing how this plays out, which means... turning a blind eye, for now.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we had to pick one, but honestly, all the ideas were pretty good...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 16 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It's still early days, so there's no rush to make a decision. Plenty of novels at Yae Publishing House have opened on a high note, only to lose the plot halfway through.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 16 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You can pick your favorite game once everyone's done with their work.
----<!-- Black screen transition -->
;(Later, at night)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... Time really flew by today! It's so late already...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 17 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The game booths were cool, but the food was even better! There were vendors selling [[Dango Milk]], [[Tricolor Dango]], [[Rice Cake Soup]], you name it!
:{{DIcon}} Of course you care about the food the most...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 17 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon saved a skewer just for you! Here, before it gets cold!
<!-- Paimon pulls out a Tricolor Dango -->
:{{DIcon}} It's not something you just didn't finish, right?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 17 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' N&mdash;No! Of course not! If you don't want it, Paimon will eat it herself!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (You enjoy the soft and chewy texture of the snack. With the excitement of the festival all around you, it almost tastes sweeter than usual.)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 17 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tastes great, right? Which means... We should come back for more tomorrow!
:{{DIcon}} So that's why you saved one for me...
:{{DIcon}} You've run out Mora to buy it yourself.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 17 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe... Wait! Do you see that up ahead? What's someone doing out this late...
<!-- Camera pans to an Abyssal-looking kairagi nearby -->
:{{A|vo schjeq001 17 nightmarefragments 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 17 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, their clothes look kinda weird... Oh, could they be one of those costumed actors Miko mentioned?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 17 nightmarefragments 02.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Heh...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 17 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Hello there! Are you also here for the festival?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 17 nightmarefragments 03.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Hyah!
:;(The mysterious figure attacks the Traveler and Paimon)
:{{DIcon}} Paimon! Watch out!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 17 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Waaaah!!!
:;(The Traveler dodges the attack, dropping the unfinished dango skewer, which stabs into the ground)
:;(Opens [[#Tutorials|Tutorial]])
----
;(During the battle)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 17 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What was that for!? They attacked us out of nowhere!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 17 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Something's not right about this... B&mdash;Be careful, Traveler!

;(After defeating the opponent)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 nightmarefragments 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Is that it...?)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 nightmarefragments 02.ogg}} '''???:''' ...
:;(The Traveler's vision becomes distorted and they see the kairagi attacking them again)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...!)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 nightmarefragments 03.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Hyah!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (So fast!)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 nightmarefragments 04.ogg}} '''???:''' ...
:;(The Traveler looks down and sees a dagger stabbed in the ground)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (When did this dagger get here?)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 nightmarefragments 05.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Heh...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Hold on, I know this feeling... I've felt it several times before...!)
:;(The Traveler realizes that the dagger is lodged in the same place as the previous dango skewer)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 nightmarefragments 06.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Hyah!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I'm in a dream!!!)
:;(Lightning strikes in front of the Traveler, and they come to their senses and see Paimon)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...{{Traveler}}! Hey! Are you alright!?
:{{DIcon}} ...What just happened?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, you fought that strange person and made them disappear. But then, all of a sudden, you started backing up like you were super afraid of something...
:{{DIcon}} ...I'm fine now, don't worry.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... You nearly gave Paimon a heart attack...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I saw a dagger, but it was Tricolor Dango the whole time... So, it was all just a nightmare?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Luckily, I heard the sound of thunder in the dream. Otherwise, it probably would have taken me a lot longer to break out of the nightmare...)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, what was with that thunder just now? It came out of nowhere, and it's not even raining!
:{{DIcon}} Huh...?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (So the thunder... wasn't part of the dream?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Who was that person...?)
:;(The camera pans to a cliff overlooking the scene, where Ei is sparking with Electro)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...Has a "Nightmare" returned to Inazuma once again?
----
;(At the festival venue)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 asari 01.ogg}} '''Asari:''' Hey, Komura! Time to go. The stalls are closed, so let's head home for the night!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 komura 01.ogg}} '''Komura:''' ...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 asari 02.ogg}} '''Asari:''' Hey! Did you hear me? No more gaming tonight. We can come back tomorrow!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 asari 03.ogg}} '''Asari:''' ...Komura, Komura!
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 komura 02.ogg}} '''Komura:''' ...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 asari 04.ogg}} '''Asari:''' Um... Komura?
:;(Komura appears behind Asari with his arm over Asari's shoulder)
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 komura 03.ogg}} '''???:''' What's with the yelling? I can hear you just fine. Let's go.
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 asari 05.ogg}} '''Asari:''' ...Huh?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 komura 04.ogg}} '''Komura:''' ...What? You're not coming? Why are you giving me that look?
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 asari 06.ogg}} '''Asari:''' Komura, weren't you...
:{{A|vo schjeq001 18 asari 07.ogg}} '''Asari:''' Over there... just now?
:;(Quest completes)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tutorials==
{{Tutorial
|image1   = Tutorial As Though Caught in a Dream 1.png
|text1    = You will be unable to use Elemental Skills or Bursts during combat, but you will obtain new abilities known as Parry and Veilbreak.<br>When using Parry, the Traveler will raise their weapon in a defensive stance, greatly decreasing DMG taken. Parry has a fixed CD.
|image2   = Tutorial As Though Caught in a Dream 2.png
|text2    = You will gain Verity when you use Normal Attacks and Charged Attacks against your opponent, or when you successfully Parry. Verity will also accumulate over time.<br>When you max out on Verity, you can actively use Veilbreak to deal massive DMG. Veilbreak can store 2 usages.
|image3   = Tutorial As Though Caught in a Dream 3.png
|text3    = If you {{color|bp|Parry just as your opponent is striking}}, you can completely negate any DMG that would be done to you and reset Parry's CD. Completing such a "Perfect Parry" against your opponent's attacks will cause you to accumulate more Verity.
|image4   = Tutorial As Though Caught in a Dream 4.png
|text4    = When your opponent is about to use Oni Devourer, their weapon will shine brightly. Perfectly Parry this technique to unleash a powerful counterattack and deal great DMG to your opponents.
}}

==Trivia==
* The "Tanuki Game Award" may be a reference to {{w|The Game Awards}}.
** Paimon also suggests the names "Unreal" and "Unity" for Sayu and Yoimiya's "new style of game development," which may be references to the {{w|Unreal Engine|Unreal}} and {{w|Unity (game engine)|Unity}} game engines, respectively.
* The introductory note for Hitotsume Kozou, Youko, and Kappa will appear even if the player previously participated in and completed the [[Akitsu Kimodameshi]] Event Quests. This makes it the only such pop-up note which does not actually possess a check for a previous quest encounter and instead displays for every player regardless of their quest completion.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = As Though Caught in a Dream
|zhs      = 
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 
|ja_rm    = Yume Hairu ga Gotoku
|ja_tl    = As Though Inside a Dream
|ko       = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Como estar en un sueo
|es_tl    = Like Being in a Dream
|fr       = Comme pigs dans un rve
|fr_tl    = As If Trapped in a Dream
|ru       =   
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = 
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Nh Vo Ci Mng
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Als wrde man in einen Traum eintauchen
|de_tl    = As If You Were Diving Into a Dream
|id       = Bagai Terperangkap dalam Mimpi
|id_tl    = As If Trapped in a Dream
|pt       = Como em um Sonho
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Bir Dte Yakalanm Gibi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Come in un sogno
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.4}}

[[pt-br:Como em um Sonho]]
[[ru:  ]]