{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03032
|image         = Archon Quest As Though Morning Dew.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Interlude Chapter
|actNum        = III
|act           = Inversion of Genesis
|part          = 4
|characters    = Aqaba; Nicole Reeyn <!-- as ??? -->; Nahida; Paimon; Sawada; Traveler; Wanderer
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = The Kabukimono's Finale
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*500;Primogem*60;Mora*22,000;Guide to Praxis*5;An Appellative Stroke*1;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|I|3|4}}

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Nahida]]
# Give [[Wanderer]] a new name
# Talk to Nahida
# Listen in on the scholars' conversation
# Return to the resting place

==Gameplay Notes==
{{Transclude|An Appellative Stroke|Gameplay Notes}}
* Completing the quest will grant the {{Achievement|Inversion of Genesis (Achievement)}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The puppet has given up his original name. Just as the title "Wanderer" suggests, he has truly become a person with no name.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use Nahida's [[All Schemes to Know]] on Wanderer, optional)
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 28.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' (It feels like... I've lived two lives.)

;(Leave the [[Reminiscent Drift]] domain or approach Nahida if the quest is interrupted)
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Welcome back, {{Traveler}}, Paimon, Balladeer.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew! It feels like we just went on a really long journey... Paimon's exhausted.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 01.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' ...
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You don't like being addressed by that name?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 02.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' It's fine. But I was just thinking, I should probably change it.
:{{DIcon}} You won't go by "The Balladeer" anymore?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 03.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' After learning about everything The Doctor did, there's no way I can carry on using a name connected to him.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 04.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' I'm not planning on returning to the Fatui, and they wouldn't take me back anyway. Recent events will have affected a lot of people, and they might not even remember who the sixth is.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're quitting the Fatui for good?
:{{DIcon}} Let's call it a tactical retreat...
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 05.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' ...
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 06.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' It's like you said, Lesser Lord Kusanali. Everything may look futile, but it wasn't completely meaningless. At least I made a lot of people forget about me.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But that doesn't mean your own past has disappeared.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 07.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Of course.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' And your main goal, for which you gave up everything you had... you weren't able to achieve it. I hope you can see and understand that.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Changing the world, changing the past, changing the fates of other people... These are not simple things to accomplish.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' What you were looking for is complete annihilation... But this is just a fantasy. Even if The Balladeer is removed from existence, the world will not heed your will.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 08.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' ...Indeed. Haha, how ridiculous.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you regret doing all that, when you've gotten so little in return?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 09.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Even if I'm completely worthless, there's nothing in the world worth regretting.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 10.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Lesser Lord Kusanali, you purposely left that information in Irminsul, didn't you?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes, and I took pains to make sure that you'd acquire that information naturally.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 11.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Why would you go to such lengths? You trying to win me over too?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' In all honesty, your past experiences have made you a useful asset to Sumeru and to me. Winning you over was indeed a part of my plan.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 09.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But before that, I wanted to tell you the truth about your past. If all I wanted to do was use you, then I'd be no different from The Doctor.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 12.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' ...Very clever.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I guess you could say that's one of my virtues.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 13.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Utility to others is what gives me worth. So if embracing my sins is what it takes to make me useful again, so be it.
:{{DIcon}} Nahida doesn't see you in that way.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 14.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Oh right, I almost forgot... you're the good guys. You're into justice and all that.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 15.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Sorry if I have a slightly different perspective on things. But, I don't feel like I've been duped. The wisest leaders are fated to end up with the best helpers... I can live with that.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 11.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm glad that you're able to think of it in that way.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 12.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' {{Traveler}}, in the future, I'll continue to search Irminsul more deeply, and see what secrets can be uncovered.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 13.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Including the beginning of your twin's journey recorded in Irminsul. What exactly happened before and after that point? I want to know as well.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you. Let's hope you can find some answers.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 14.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I will try.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 16.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} Yes?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 17.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' After I dove into the information torrents in Irminsul, why did you go to Inazuma?
:{{DIcon}} Because I wanted to know what you'd changed.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 18.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' ...So that's how you found out whose fate had changed, and how.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 19.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Well, whatever your reasons, you did me a favor, and I'll do everything I can to pay it back.
:{{DIcon}} ...I didn't do all of this for a reward.
:{{DIcon}} Please don't make it sound like I'm extorting you.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 20.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Borrowing and returning are the only real relationships between individuals. I'll balance the books one day, don't you worry.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 15.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' That's not true. A relationship between two people is not simply a ledger that can be reset to zero.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 16.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I think, deep down, you realize this. People who show up in your life don't just evaporate like water drops and leave nothing behind. There is no such thing as "balancing the books."
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 17.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Some things in this world can never be brought back, and they can never be changed, which is why there is emotion in the human world.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 18.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Everything that you feel is real and lasting, and whatever is missing in you will not be made whole.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 19.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' To be human is to live with imperfections. You can choose whether or not you want to be human.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 21.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' ...
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 22.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' But humans can't live without a heart, can they? Anyway, I gave up trying to become a human a long time ago.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 20.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You understand what pain is perfectly well, even without a heart. You're just burying your feelings.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 21.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The past is set in stone, but you can keep moving on. And the longer your future lasts, the shorter your past will become, until one day it is but a tiny fraction of your life.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 23.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' It sounds like you've got a future planned out for me.
:{{DIcon}} I hope you can give Nahida a chance.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Everything's ended up being pretty darn complicated, Paimon doesn't even know where to start... But the most important thing now is that you need to follow Nahida. Otherwise, all our efforts will have been for nothing!
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 24.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' ...Then I guess I'll be helping you from behind the scenes from now on.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 22.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm glad that you've accepted our proposal. Why don't you choose a new name to celebrate?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, ooh, ooh! Paimon wants to pick an ugly nickname for you too!
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 25.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Why?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Because... because Paimon still doesn't like you that much!
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 26.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Hmph. Then I hope we don't see much of each other in the future.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 23.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' "A name is life's first gift." You didn't say it out loud, but I know that's what you're thinking.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 wanderer 27.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' ...
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 24a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo llzaq004 1 nahida 24b.ogg}}--> '''Nahida:''' {{Traveler}} and Paimon have helped you a lot. If you can't decide on a new name, maybe you can ask them for ideas.
:{{DIcon}} Huh? You want us to decide?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nope, Paimon only does nicknames! If it's a serious name you're after... it's all yours!
----
:{{A|vo llzaq004 2 wanderer 01.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Have you got anything?
;(A disclaimer appears on screen)
::{{Black Screen|Rules and Disclaimers for Name Modification}}
::{{Color|menu|Name Change Rules}}
::You can obtain the item "[[An Appellative Stroke]]" from the Archon Quest Interlude: Inversion of Genesis, which will allow you to change "Eons Adrift" Wanderer (Anemo)'s name.
::Please take note that some names cannot be utilized in this change.
::Once you have renamed this character, some interfaces in the game going forward will display the name that you have chosen.
::{{Color|help|There is a limit on the number of times you can rename this character, so do so with care.}}
::{{Color|menu|Disclaimer}}
::Travelers, please ensure that you follow our Terms of Service while using this function. To create a healthy gaming environment, please read and confirm that you will not instigate or take part in:
::1. The creation of content that discriminates against any race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, ethnicity, government, or region.
::2. The bullying or insulting of any Travelers or groups of Travelers.
::3. Any other content or behavior that violates the Terms of Service.
::We may have to restrict your use of the game services if you do not follow these rules. This may include suspension, restriction, a name reset, forced disconnection, login suspension, or account forfeiture.
::At the same time, you are welcome to use the Report function to send feedback to us, should you encounter the aforementioned situations.
::{{Key|Confirm}}

;(Enter an invalid name)
:;([[#RaidenNames|Raiden Shogun-related names]], e.g., "RaidenShogun")
:::{{A|vo llzaq004 2 wanderer 06.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' ...This is a bad idea.
::;(Return to name selection)
:;([[#HarbingerNames1|Some of the names related to the Fatui Harbingers]], e.g., "Dottore")
:::{{A|vo llzaq004 2 wanderer 02.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' You can't be serious.
::;(Return to name selection)
:;([[#HarbingerNames2|Other names related to the Fatui Harbingers]], e.g., "Tartaglia")
:::{{A|vo llzaq004 2 wanderer 03.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Is this supposed to be your attempt at a joke?
::;(Return to name selection)
:;([[#WandererOldAliases|Any of the Wanderer's old aliases]], e.g., "Scaramouche," "Kunikuzushi," "Kabukimono," "Balladeer")
:::{{A|vo llzaq004 2 wanderer 04.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' ...Hmph. I have no need for these names anymore.
::;(Return to name selection)
:;([[#MajorAndPlayableCharacters|The name of pre-3.7 playable characters, certain major NPCs, or Paimon]], e.g., "Nahida")
:::{{A|vo llzaq004 2 wanderer 05.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' That won't work.
::;(Return to name selection)
:;([[#UnavailableNames|The name of certain major figures]], e.g., "Morax")
::;(The system will display "Name Unavailable" instead of a Wanderer dialogue line)
::;(Return to name selection)

;(Enter a valid name)
:;([[#NewPlayableCharacters|Enter an accepted playable character's name]], such as "Freminet")
:;(A disclaimer appears on screen)
:::{{Black Screen|Hint}}
:::Someone already owns the name you have chosen. {{Color|help|Using this name may affect your experience in specific quests}}. Are you sure you sure{{sic}} of your choice?
:::{{Key|Cancel}} {{Key|Confirm}}
::;(Proceeds to the Wanderer's response)
:;(Generic valid name response)
:::{{A|vo llzaq004 2 wanderer 08.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Are you sure?
:;(After choosing the same name as the Traveler)
:::{{A|vo llzaq004 2 wanderer 07.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' You want to share your name with me? Huh, not a bad choice.
::{{DIcon}} Yes. I think this will do.
:::{{A|vo llzaq004 2 wanderer 09.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' ...Ah, alright, if you say so.
::{{DIcon}} Hmm, let me give it some more thought.
:::{{A|vo llzaq004 2 wanderer 10.ogg}} '''Wanderer:''' Okay.
::;(Return to name selection)
----
;(After choosing the Wanderer's name)
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' There, now you have a name of your own.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 01.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' What about a nickname? Are you done yet?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, uhhh... still thinking... Stop rushing me...
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 02.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' Take your time. I don't need to see you again until you've thought of one.
:{{DIcon}} What do you plan to do next?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 03.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' Everyone who manipulated me and made me suffer will have to pay the price.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean, the Fatui?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 04.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' The Doctor, at least.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Now that your stance has changed, I believe your future path will change accordingly, but it won't be immediate... You still need some time to compose yourself.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 05.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' ...
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 06.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' One more thing.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 07.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' There are still some descendants of the Raiden Gokaden living in Inazuma. Some of them know... Well, they ought to know about the connection between the Raiden Gokaden and myself.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 08.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' I don't plan to leave Sumeru for the time being. If you see them in Inazuma, please tell them that I was the one responsible for the Raiden Gokaden's downfall.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 09.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' ...Even though the events have been erased from the world, they still deserve to know the truth.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I see... That is up to you.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? But if we do that, then...
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 10.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' It's fine. Let them stab their blades into my chest if they so desire. ...Maybe that's how it always should have been.
:{{DIcon}} ...
::{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 11a 1.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' What's that look for? Don't make that face, I know what I'm doing.
::{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 11a 2.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' ...That day will come.
::{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 11a 3.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' Alright, we're done here.
:{{DIcon}} Fine.
::{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 11b 1.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' Hehe, no nonsense. I like it.
::{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 11b 2.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' ...Alright, let's call it a day.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 wanderer 12.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' Goodbye, wise deity, and you two.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's gone...
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' What he went through today would have been like living an entire lifetime in an instant. He'll need some time to calm down.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, true. But even so, after everything that's happened, he doesn't seem quite as fierce anymore.
:{{DIcon}} There were some bumps along the way, but it's all over now.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So can we finally go eat? Paimon is starving!
:{{A|vo llzaq004 3 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Thank you both. I hope you will find somewhere nice to go and relax for a while.
----
:{{A|vo llzaq004 4 sawada 01.ogg}} '''Sawada:''' I've got it! I can end my novel with some words from Mikoshi Nagamasa.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 4 aqaba 01.ogg}} '''Aqaba:''' You mean because everyone else in the story is dead?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 4 sawada 02.ogg}} '''Sawada:''' Yeah. I heard that Mikoshi Nagamasa died at a ripe old age. He's the perfect fit to be the narrator of the epilogue.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 4 sawada 03.ogg}} '''Sawada:''' "The dark clouds had dissipated, but they continued to cast their shadow in Mikoshi Nagamasa's mind for decades to come."
:{{A|vo llzaq004 4 sawada 04.ogg}} '''Sawada:''' "Then one night as an old man, he had a dream. On the night when that prized blade, the Daitatara Nagamasa, was forged, the people rejoiced, and there was painting, dancing, and drinking."
:{{A|vo llzaq004 4 sawada 05.ogg}} '''Sawada:''' "...All these expressions of joy melted down in the furnace fire and turned into red clouds that rallied around the final sunrise that Mikoshi Nagamasa saw in his lifetime."
:{{A|vo llzaq004 4 sawada 06.ogg}} '''Sawada:''' "Life is a story too long to be told, a journey that you must walk to behold."
:{{A|vo llzaq004 4 wanderer 01.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' ...Hmph.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on [[Sawada]], optional)
:{{A|vo llzaq004 4 sawada 07.ogg}} '''Sawada:''' (I guess the sword that entered Mikoshi Nagamasa's memory in his final moments was called Daitatara Nagamasa instead of Katsuragikiri Nagamasa because he still had fond memories of it.)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on [[Aqaba]], optional)
:{{A|vo llzaq004 4 aqaba 02.ogg}} '''Aqaba:''' (I feel like you've enlightened me. I can finally finish my essay! Hahaha!)

;(Talk to Sawada or Aqaba again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog llzaq004 sawada 01.ogg}} '''Sawada:''' Aqaba, thanks for inviting me to research together!
:{{A|vo dialog llzaq004 aqaba 01.ogg}} '''Aqaba:''' Of course, Sawada. Your creativity has been indispensable to me. Without you, I'd have scratched my head bald by now.

;(Talk to Nahida again after returning to the Sanctuary of Surasthana, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog llzaq004 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Thank you so much. Please get some good rest, you must be exhausted. You know, take a shower, take a dook-dook... you'll feel as good as new.
----
{{Quest Description|update|The puppet has given up his original name. Just as the title "Wanderer" suggests, he has truly become a person with no name. "Kabukimono," "The Balladeer"... The events of the past became like morning dew, disappearing in an instant as the sunlight shined upon them.}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew! It's about time we had a break!
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As soon as you stop, all the tiredness and hunger comes rushing back...
:{{DIcon}} Rest up, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} I'll buy some delicious treats as a reward.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! Great!
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Huh? Look at that vase...
:{{DIcon}} ...What about it?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did someone break it while they were cleaning the room or something? But Paimon doesn't remember there being a cleaner...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (That night we stayed here, Paimon bumped into the table after being startled by something to do with The Balladeer and broke the vase.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (But The Balladeer erased his existence. He changed the world... So why is this vase still broken?)
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 coden 01.ogg}} '''???:''' You sound lost and confused.
:{{DIcon}} ...Who's that?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 coden 02.ogg}} '''???:''' I know why you are troubled. Any who knew of this would find their mind overwhelmed.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Is there someone here talking to us?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 coden 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Unfortunately, the fate of Teyvat cannot easily be changed. Perhaps a god may have a slim chance, but for anyone else... who can say.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 coden 04.ogg}} '''???:''' When a small animal runs into a tree trunk, though the tree may sway, it is not displaced. The same is true of fate.
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 coden 05.ogg}} '''???:''' Like a vase that falls to the ground. Whether it is broken by a cat or by a bird, the result is still a broken vase, is it not?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Who are you!? How do you know about all this?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 coden 06.ogg}} '''???:''' History does not change easily, but human hearts can. Believe your own eyes. Only that which you see is true. What is unseen is but an illusion.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' ...
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The voice has disappeared...
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And who the heck was that!? And what were they doing, coming out of nowhere and saying all of that scary stuff...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Believe my eyes? Does she mean... I should trust my memories?)
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh. Anyway, that vase is still lying there broken on the ground. Should Paimon go get someone to clean it up?
:{{A|vo llzaq004 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Feels wrong just leaving it there. Just a moment, Paimon'll be right back!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I wonder what else awaits me in the future?)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The voice at the end of the quest is the [[Hexenzirkel]] member [[Nicole Reeyn]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Hunters, Prophets}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = As Though Morning Dew
|zhs     = 如朝露一般
|zhs_rm  = Rú Zhāolù Yībān
|zht     = 如朝露一般
|zht_rm  = Rú Zhāolù Yībān
|zh_tl   = Like the Morning Dew
|ja      = 朝露のように
|ja_rm   = Asatsuyu no You ni
|ja_tl   = Like the Morning Dew
|ko      = 아침 이슬처럼
|ko_tl   = Like the Morning Dew
|es      = Efímero cual rocío matutino
|es_tl   = Ephemeral like Morning Dew
|fr      = Telle la rosée du matin
|fr_tl   = Like the Morning Dew
|ru      = Подобно утренней росе
|ru_tl   = Like Morning Dew
|th      = ดุจน้ำค้างยามเช้า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Như Màn Sương Mai
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wie Morgentau
|de_tl   = Like Morning Dew
|id      = Bagai Embun di Pagi Hari
|id_tl   = Like Dew in the Morning
|pt      = Como o Orvalho da Manhã
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sabah Çiyi Misali
|tr_tl   = Like Morning Dew
|it      = Come la forte rugiada del mattino
|it_tl   = As the Though Morning Dew
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Interlude Chapter}}

[[es:Efímero cual rocío matutino]]
[[ja:朝露のように]]