{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40066
|title         = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared
|image         = Event Quest As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared 2.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|act           = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared
|actNum        = II
|actType       = None
|part          = 2
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Fischl; Kaedehara Kageharu; Kaedehara Kazuha; Mona; Oz; Paimon; Traveler; Xinyan
|startLocation = [[Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|region        = Golden Apple Archipelago
|area          = 
|prev          = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 1)
|next          = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 3)
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Hoverlight Rocks: Left|1}}{{Card|Hoverlight Rocks: Right|1}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event. It is the second quest of the second part.

==Steps==
# Look around for the items you need
#* Defeat the opponents guarding the chest<!-- There is no dialogue for this fight -->
#** {{Enemy List|Crackling Axe Mitachurl;Blazing Axe Mitachurl;Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl;Pyro Abyss Mage;Electro Abyss Mage|#**}}
#* Open the [[Exquisite Chest]] and obtain [[Rock Garden Rough Stone (Left)]] and [[Rock Garden Carving Tools (Mondstadt)|Rock Garden Carving Tools]]
# Place the rock into the bonsai
#* Enter [[As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared: Part II]]
# Explore the area and look for an exit
# Follow the path
# Enter the dojo and defeat the opponent(s)
#* {{Enemy|Yoriki Samurai|text={{Rubi|???|Visiting Samurai}}}}
# Operate the device and enter the new space
# Explore the area and look for an exit
# Follow the path
# Enter the dojo and defeat the opponent(s)
#* {{Enemy|Nobushi: Jintouban|text={{Rubi|???|Nobushi}}}}
#* {{Enemy List|Nobushi: Kikouban*2;Nobushi: Hitsukeban*2|#*}}
# Follow the voice
# Approach Kazuha
# Enter the last room
# Go through the unknown space
#* The Traveler can only control movement keys, camera control is disabled.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After touching the bonsai, everyone enters some kind of mysterious mirage — an old mansion where the long-forgotten past of a clan resurfaces... This place is intimately linked to Kaedehara Kazuha.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(On entering the domain)
:{{A|vo yqeq103 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, it's a new place!
:{{A|vo yqeq103 1 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' As was the case last time, only Lord Kazuha is missing.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 1 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Don't worry, leave it to us!

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 kageharu 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' ...This will do. Ah, Kazuha, you've come just at the right moment. What do you think of this rock carving?
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It's very intricate.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 kageharu 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' I based it on a mountain scene I saw in a book. You know, there are nations in this world where the mountains reach all the way up into the clouds. If only I had the chance to see them with my own eyes...
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Father, you can go anywhere whenever you want.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 kageharu 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' That's not true. Though the Kaedehara Clan is far from what it used to be, I still bear all the same responsibilities as the clan heads before me.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 kageharu 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' But then again... continuing in the way of our forefathers, sacrificing everything for our declining clan... is it really worth it?
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But I... I don't understand.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 kageharu 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' ...Kazuha, there's one thing I want you to always remember.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 kageharu 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' Family ties are important, but you ought to not let them hold you back.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 kageharu 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' Family only exists because of the people in it. If we are unhappy, how can we hope to build a joyful one?
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 kageharu 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' The events of the past have had a profound impact on our family, but they are not your burden to carry.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 kageharu 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' ...If you ever grow tired of this tedious life, just drop everything and go off on a journey, see the world. Remember, Kazuha, don't let yourself get tied down in life.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes, father.

;(Enter the dojo)
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 soldier 01.ogg}} '''???:''' I've heard a lot about you, Mr. Kaedehara. It's my honor to meet you today.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 2 hisamichi 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Hisamichi:''' It is Kazuha's honor to duel with a military man like yourself. Kazuha, get ready.

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I'm sorry, but I just don't understand!
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kageharu 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' Kazuha, have you forgotten our promise?
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' You really want to give it all up? But... but even if we're having a rough time, you still have me by your side! Can't I be of any help?
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' When you were my age, you were already helping grandfather out! Am I so incompetent that I'm a disappointment to you? Or...
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kageharu 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' Kazuha!
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kageharu 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' *sigh* ...Now you're blaming yourself for all of this... That's why I have failed you as a father.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kageharu 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' The Kaedehara Clan has been paying the price for our past mistakes ever since your great-grandfather's generation. To this day, we have never fully recovered from it.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kageharu 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' Though we are a family of bladesmiths, you don't have to devote your life to the family craft.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kageharu 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' If a wounded animal wants to escape from a trap, it has to sacrifice the hind leg that was caught. You might think of this as a loss, but staying in the trap has far more deadly consequences.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kageharu 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' Enough now, Kazuha. As the head of the family, I failed to revitalize our clan. You never blamed me for not giving you the life promised to you by our heritage, and I'm grateful enough for that.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kageharu 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' All these generations of suffering... let's end them today. From now on, live your life with no burdens.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kageharu 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' Don't worry, I'll carry the blame for abandoning our family business.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Father, please don't... You should not be to blame for not upholding our family name.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Even if that day comes, let me share the burden with you.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Let's just wait and see. Sooner or later, I will have to lead the Kaedehara Clan. When the time comes, I'll deal with all our problems.

;(Enter the dojo)
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 samurai 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Hey, think you're tough enough to go against me? Ha, no response! What's wrong &mdash; you scared?
:{{A|vo yqeq103 3 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Did you really think it would be wise to pick a fight with the Kaedehara Clan?

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq103 4 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The Kaedehara Clan is no longer what it used to be...
:{{A|vo yqeq103 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's Kazuha's voice!

;(Approach the image of Kazuha)
:{{A|vo yqeq103 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... why can't he hear us?
:{{A|vo yqeq103 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like it's just an illusion. This isn't the Kazuha who came here with us.

;(While going through the unknown space)
:{{A|vo yqeq103 5 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kazuha:''' Maybe if I were more adept in the sword arts, I'd be able to share my father's burdens...*sigh*
:{{A|vo yqeq103 5 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kazuha:''' This won't do... I'm getting distracted by family matters, and making too many mistakes.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 5 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kazuha:''' "I yearn to hear the song of nightingale, my patient ears ready to attend. A veil of mist obscures the western skies, into its midst a silver moon descends."
:{{A|vo yqeq103 5 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kazuha:''' To know one is fighting a losing battle, and yet never once falter... This shall be my father's legacy.

;(After exiting the unknown space)
:{{A|vo yqeq103 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thought we might find you trapped here again.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 6 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Haha, yeah, it seems those are the rules.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We entered that maze in the mirage again, but the scene was different this time.

:'''You tell Kazuha what you saw...'''

:{{A|vo yqeq103 6 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The mood was more deflated, and the place more humbly furnished... yes, that makes sense.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 6 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' What you saw was the Kaedehara Clan in decline.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We saw you in the mirage too, but you looked a little different than now.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 6 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Indeed, I most certainly agree.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 6 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Compared to the Lord Kazuha before us now, the mirage we saw appeared lost, with the burden of fate weighing heavily upon him.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 6 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I can confirm that. His fate was a heavy burden indeed.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 6 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' That means I am older and wiser now. I am sorry you had to see my less mature former self.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 6 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' For a long time after leaving Inazuma, I've lived the life of a drifter. But this is no bad thing, because I learned much from the experience.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 6 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I wish that I could've met my past self, too. If he saw me, I know that he would understand:
:{{A|vo yqeq103 6 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Life is a long journey, and that's why I must travel far and wide.
;(A domain transition occurs)
:{{A|vo yqeq103 7 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Just as I thought, the bonsai is the key to entering the mirage.
:{{A|vo yqeq103 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' C'mon, let's continue looking for the rock garden.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/paZFaBD8eFc
|caption1 = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 1)|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[ru:Весенний дворик прошлых лет (Часть 2)]]