{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40065
|title         = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared
|image         = Event Quest As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|act           = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared
|actNum        = II
|actType       = None
|part          = 1
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Fischl; Kaedehara Hisamichi; Kaedehara Kageharu; Kaedehara Kazuha; Miitoboru; Mona; Oz; Paimon; Traveler; Xinyan; Squirrel (Summertime Odyssey)
|startLocation = [[Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|region        = Golden Apple Archipelago
|area          = 
|prev          = The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!
|next          = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 2)
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Leisurely Rocks: Left|1}}{{Card|Leisurely Rocks: Right|1}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event. It is the first quest of the second part.

==Steps==
# Rest until the following day (06:00 — 24:00)
# Talk to Paimon
# Board Miitoboru
#* Summoning another [[Waverider]] and boarding it will also fulfil this step
# Go to the island where the strange phenomena occurred
# Touch the bonsai
#* Enter [[As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared: Part I]]
# Investigate the area
# Operate the device and investigate further
# Enter the corridor and explore further
# Investigate the area
# Investigate the surroundings and find a way to open the door
# Operate the device and investigate further
# Place the offerings (0/3)
# Look for Kazuha

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The first day on the island was rather peaceful, yet things start to get strange the next morning... It seems to be just the beginning. You and the others trace the strange phenomena to an island and find a bonsai that is not supposed to be there.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After reaching the next day)

:'''Still half-asleep, you can make out the sound of people talking. Then, you are greeted by the voice of a panicked Paimon trying to stay calm...'''

:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Up! Wake up!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), wake up!
:{{DIcon}} (I don't want to...)
:{{DIcon}} (But I can't leave Paimon unattended.)
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, thank goodness you're awake! Uh, Paimon has good news and bad news. Which one do you wanna hear first?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaah! Okay, okay, Paimon's sorry! Wake up, something's happened!
:{{DIcon}} Go on, I'm listening.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, uh, bad news first. The bad news is... something weird's going on with this island.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And the good news is, is... it seems like it has nothing to do with what we came across yesterday. Today, is a different issue entirely.
:{{DIcon}} And what might that be?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 01b.ogg}} '''???:''' Ah, look, (he/she)'s awake!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 01b.ogg}} '''???:''' Careful not to frighten (him/her). (He/She)'s probably just like the others. Ah, humans... such delicate little things.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 02.ogg}} '''???:''' How're ya doing, mate? Feeling a little fragile?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So as you can see, the boat can talk, heh.
:{{DIcon}} I might just go back to sleep for a bit...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, avoidance isn't gonna solve anything!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 02.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' Poor soul, imagine being scared of talking squirrels and boats!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 03b.ogg}} '''Fantastic Boat:''' Haha, well, we can't blame (him/her). After all, humans aren't quite accustomed to hearing things like us talk.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... have you guys always been able to talk?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 03.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' Of course! Otherwise, how would we communicate with others of our kind?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So in other words... we suddenly gained the ability to understand you? How strange...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 04.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' Maybe you've gained some intelligence. Congratulations.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' So, you're finally awake, (Traveler)? Time to rise and shine!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're back!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes, we went for a little walk. The enchanting scenery and pleasant weather here soothes the body and mind.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Everything is fine, except that some places are a little peculiar...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hohoho! The servants of darkness have descended. Rejoice, for the return of the Immernachtreich is nigh!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein means that this is an unexpected development, and she has never seen anything like this before.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, that's not even close to what she said!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' My apologies. Please take that as my own opinion.
:{{DIcon}} What happened?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' After last night, there have been some... unusual spectacles on this island.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Yes. Swimming birds, flying squirrels, the sun and moon in the sky together... Some of these sights only lasted for a moment, but that doesn't make it any less bizarre.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I heard a strange flapping sound on the island, but didn't see a single flying creature around.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' There was also a peculiar floral scent on the wind. Though there are many flowers on this island, that scent did not resemble any of them.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Seems to me like whatever these things are, they aren't visible to the naked eye...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I tried to perform a divination, but my scryglass showed only a chaotic mess that was impossible to decipher.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon has a bad feeling about this... What have we gotten ourselves into...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hmm... I had resolved to summon the Immernachtreich in this land, but now we observe these puzzling phenomena... Could this be the spawn of the condemned, trying to thwart my sacred endeavor?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, (Traveler)... you don't think Alice could be behind all this, do you?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} It's not impossible.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But if it really was her, it wouldn't make sense to do all this...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 05.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' Hahaha, look at them, old chap, seems we scared the pants off them!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 04.ogg}} '''Fantastic Boat:''' Aye, well, they've never seen anything like this before.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 05.ogg}} '''Fantastic Boat:''' This old boat's sailed all over the briney seas in its time, and tried talking to many a sailor, too. But in all that time, not a single person has ever spoken back.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 06.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' Exactly. If it weren't for this environment, who would've thought humans would be able to chat with us?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This environment? What do you mean by that?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The environment... Could it be that... the environment is what's interfering with my divinations?
:{{DIcon}} Feels like...
:{{DIcon}} I might be still dreaming.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... even if you were...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dreams aren't supposed to become reality, right? And a dream won't make you suddenly understand boats and squirrels... Aah!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' What's wrong?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look! Over there!
;(A cutscene plays)
:;(The sky turns dark and purple)
:;(A ruined tower flickers in and out on an isle)<!--couldn't identify the isle-->
:;(As lightning flashes across the sky, a castle does the same on [[Twinning Isle]])
:;(Red maple trees appear on [[Pudding Isle]])
:;(Kazuha holds out his hand to catch a maple leaf, but it passes through his hand and fades away)
:;(The weather returns to normal and cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' An illusion? No... it felt too real to be an illusion.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Those things we saw flickering in and out, that's exactly what I saw earlier this morning!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Does this mean... the Immernachtreich... is real?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Wait, what?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ahem!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hehe! Behold, the Immernachteich has come, just as your Prinzessin had prophesied! Come, my people, a new chapter awaits us!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 oz 04.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Indeed, mein Fräulein. We all have witnessed this miracle with our own eyes, and now is the time to celebrate the creation of a new world! Rejoice!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 fischl 06.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hahahaha, welcome to the Immernachtreich!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She looks so happy, Paimon doesn't have the heart to interrupt her right now...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' She doesn't seem surprised in the slightest. Does that just come with being an experienced adventurer, or...?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' If this isn't an illusion, we ought to go and investigate.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I got an idea. If you hurt yourself in a dream, you wake up right away, don't ya?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hmm? Yes, you have a point.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Right? So c'mon, Kazuha, hit me.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Uh... I'd rather not... How about you hit me instead?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' But that'll hurt real bad.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! There'll be no need for any of that!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just leave it to us! Hey (Traveler), can Paimon hit you?
:{{DIcon}} ?
:{{DIcon}} What are you talking about?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 06.ogg}} '''Fantastic Boat:''' Haha, I like yer senses o' humor, me hearties. An illusion? So, talking boats and squirrels are just an illusion to humans, huh.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 07.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' Now, now, it's understandable, old chap. Haven't you heard? As humans grow older, they forget many important things and lose many of their abilities.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 07.ogg}} '''Fantastic Boat:''' Aye, so they do... A pity, to be sure. Thinking back, in all those years I spent sailing with the fleet, I would've never imagined that one day I'd be laughing over something like this.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 08.ogg}} '''Fantastic Boat:''' Well then, me lads and lasses, don't you want to take a wee gander at all the places you're so curious about?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course! But how do we get there?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 09.ogg}} '''Fantastic Boat:''' Look! Here!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' At what?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 10.ogg}} '''Fantastic Boat:''' Blimey, at me, of course! Oh, that's right, I forgot to introduce myself. I'm the smartest ship you'll find in all these parts! The name's... argh, just call me whatever takes yer fancy.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't you have a name?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 11.ogg}} '''Fantastic Boat:''' That I do, I just can't remember it. All I know is that I came here from Inazuma.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 25.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In that case, Paimon shall name you... "Miitoboru"! How's that? All the other ships in Inazuma seem to have names ending in "ru," too.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 12.ogg}} '''Fantastic Boat:''' Miitoboru? Haha, that'll do nicely.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 13.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' You're lucky to have met me. I can sail through the choppiest seas with ease, there isn't a wave out there that can capsize me! So...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 14.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Come aboard, and I'll take you wherever you'd like to go!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 08.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' Ah, how very kind of you, old chap. Unlike that Anemo Archon who abandoned us here.
:{{DIcon}} The Anemo Archon?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 09.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' You know, the Anemo Archon of Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 10.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' Don't you know? Some of these islands used to be Mondstadt's mountaintops. Once upon a time, the Anemo Archon sliced them off to neaten the place up, and chucked them into the ocean.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 11.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' My great-great-great-great-great-great... great grandfather was on one of the mountaintops, and got sent flying here along with it. Wretched Anemo Archon!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 26.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How could that happen!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 12.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' And we've been living here for generations since then, haha. Fortunately, there were a few other squirrel families that got stranded on these islands as well, so we built ourselves a kingdom here.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 13.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' The good thing is that there are no predators or competitors around. All the pinecones on this island are ours for the taking. The bad thing is... we're stuck here.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 27.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Didn't see that coming... Sounds like the Immernachtreich is a kingdom of squirrels!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 fischl 07.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hold thy tongue!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 oz 05.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Paimon, please do not make such slanderous statements. The Immernachtreich is, of course, a kingdom of night ravens.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 15.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Hey, lad, yes, you! You're from Inazuma, aye? That makes us brothers, haha. Every young lad of Inazuma has to pluck up the courage to set sail on an adventure one day! So, are you coming?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' To set sail... is to leave one's homeland and travel far away.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 16.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Aye, you need lots of courage and just a dash of heartlessness. 'Cause once you leave, you may never return. But if you stay, you're forever a prisoner in your own heart.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...Huh. Inspiring words, Miitoboru. And you're right. The wanderer's spirit runs in my blood. I'll go with you.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 kazuha 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' My friends, are you coming too? I want to take a look at the strange phenomena on that island.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 kazuha 12.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Also, I smell ancient timber and waterproof varnish on this boat... The scent is indeed from Inazuma, so I believe he speaks the truth.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm... what does everyone think?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 fischl 08.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Oz, lay down the gangplank! Thy Prinzessin shall take to the seas!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Let's all go! It'll definitely be an experience.
: {{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 17.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Haha, great! Aaand we're off!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 squirrel 14.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' Safe travels!
----
;(Talk to Squirrel)
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq102 squirrel 01.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' Hey friend. Your eyes betray your thoughts - you still look very bemused.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq102 squirrel 02.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' Oh, come now, do you see me acting surprised at the sudden arrival of you and your party? Well then. I'm sure we can get along quite amicably.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq102 squirrel 03.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' If you want to know where the most scrumptious pinecones are, come find me anytime!
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq102 squirrel 04.ogg}} '''Squirrel:''' Ah... Mondstadt. I wonder what it's really like...

;(On boarding the waverider)
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 18.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Good going, lads and lassies! Miitoboru admiers your bravery.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 19.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' How long have you been here? Oh, it's not your first time? Haha, well I never.

;(Approach the island)
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 niceboat 20.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' We're almost there! Please take all yer personal belongings with ye, and mind your step as you disembark!

:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 paimon 28.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look! There's something over there!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 kazuha 13.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Wow, it's...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 1 kazuha 14.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Let's take a closer look.
----
;(Approach the Bonsai Pot)
:{{A|vo yqeq102 2 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 2 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Well, I certainly didn't expect to see you here.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 2 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' This is a bonsai pot, right? It's nice, but it looks like it's been a little neglected.
;(If "[[Hues_of_the_Violet_Garden/Story#Legends_of_the_Kasen|True Tales of the Violet Garden]]" was not completed{{verify}})
::{{A|vo yqeq102 2 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' This bonsai... was in my family for many generations. Sadly, it ended up in a Tenryou Commission warehouse in my generation.
::{{A|vo yqeq102 2 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Haha, one thing you might not know about my past is that I spent some time as one of Inazuma's most wanted fugitives. I suspect this bonsai was confiscated during my long time on the run.
::{{A|vo yqeq102 2 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Fugitive...
::{{A|vo yqeq102 2 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' *sigh* ...Life throws all kinds of hardships at us. I doubt a single person in this world lives a truly carefree life.
;(If "True Tales of the Violet Garden" was completed)
::{{A|vo yqeq102 2 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' This bonsai... was in my family for many generations. I saw it once in a Tenryou Commission warehouse, but it looked quite different from how it does now.
::{{A|vo yqeq102 2 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' At that time, there was a withered tree inside.
::{{A|vo yqeq102 2 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Why would someone keep the plant in there if it's dead?
::{{A|vo yqeq102 2 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It's a way of sending a secret message. It indicated that there was something hidden inside the flowerpot.
::{{A|vo yqeq102 2 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' There was a [[Kaedehara Yoshinori's Letter|letter]] buried down at the bottom, which told of an ancient secret in my clan. I did not take the bonsai with me after reading the letter, which means it should still be in the warehouse now.
::{{A|vo yqeq102 2 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I wonder who removed the plant and placed the pot here...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 2 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' So the bonsai pot belonged to your ancestors? Seems a shame to leave it empty like this.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 2 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hmm, Kazuha, what do you think about maybe putting a little something inside it?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 2 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Alright.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 2 kazuha 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Though I still don't understand why it has appeared here, I can give that a try.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eek!
----
;(A domain transition occurs)
:{{A|vo yqeq102 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon knew it wasn't gonna be that simple.
:{{DIcon}} Where's Kazuha?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Oh yeah... everyone's here... except for Kazuha!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 3 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Kazuha! Where are you? Are you okay?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No response. Well, let's keep an eye out for him.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 3 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Look at the decor here... it's like the inside of a grand mansion. I don't think this is a perilous maze &mdash; it's somebody's home.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 3 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Most curious. What secrets lie within this place, I shall surely uncover.
----
;(Interact with the Elegantly-Written Note)
::'''Elegantly-Written Note'''
::When I was flipping through some old books today, I found my father's old notes.
::I read them, of course. He wouldn't mind. As I expected, most of the content concerned forging techniques as well as tricks on how to handle certain ores.
::The tail end featured a number of hand-drawn drafts, mostly bonsai designs. Well, I suppose this love for them does count as a clan tradition.
::My son turns six this year. His name is "Kazuha," just as my wife wished.
::...
::His coming and her going were not far apart. To think that it has been six years since then... If she were still here, she would surely be helping my father in the yard.
::My father lived well in his younger years, and that lifestyle has greatly deteriorated in his latter ones. It fills me with shame to admit that ::I am unable to improve these circumstances.
::He says that it is not important, however, and that it is instead we who are young who are the key.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks like this letter was written by Kazuha's father.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So keeping bonsai plants really does run in the family.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... But the fact that we're even here and could see his father's notes... It just seems so unbelievable.

;(Interact with A Letter)
::'''A Letter'''
::To My Dear Father, [[Kaedehara Kageharu]]:
::
::Ever since the official dissolution of our house, I have packed my bags and left our ancestral home, wandering the world, and I have learned much on this journey.
::Today, I was reminded of the many scenic artworks you drew in your notes as I passed some seaside cliffs by. The sight gave me much to think about.
::A wanderer's leisure is not the tradition of our clan, but the appreciation of scenery surely counts. I believe it was Great Grandfather who started that particular practice.
::You mentioned that he enjoyed planting small trees, loving their supple branches, while Grandfather was of a different temperament, enjoying fiddling with stones more.
::When I was young, our backyard was full of the many curious stones that Grandfather collected. Back then, I thought the ground was littered with treasure, but now that I know much more of the world, I can be quite certain that at least some of them were sword-testing stones that Grandfather brought back from the forging station.
::I knew precious little about stones then, believing them all to be of great value.
::But can there really be so much treasure in life?
::...I am writing this letter as I rest in a shady spot on a hilltop.
::I intend to burn this letter shortly, before using the water from a mountain stream to quench the remnant embers. This way, I believe that this message will reach you, though you can no longer receive letters.
::I dismissed the servants after your passing and settled our various assets. It isn't worth much, but it's enough to live on.
::I fear that our bonsais may not have fared as well as I hoped. I sold what I could get my hands on to pay our debts, save for Great Grandfather's old relic.
::It was confiscated by the Tenryou Commission... That said, I suspect that staying in their storehouse may have been a better fate for it than remaining in my hands.
:: 
::I have not been here in a long while. The wind whistling through the mountains is just as lovely as it was when you first brought me here, many years ago.
::I'm setting off again.
::Farewell.
:: 
::Kaedehara Kazuha
:{{A|vo yqeq102 8 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Looks like a letter Kazuha wrote while he was traveling.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 8 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' What a sad letter...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 8 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...Lord Kazuha...

;(Interact with Old Yellowed Notes in Warehouse)
::'''Old Yellowed Notes'''
::Something quite amusing happened today that I just have to preserve in my diary: the young master got a little tipsy. Well, a lot tipsy, haha.
::It must be said that the young master is way underage to drink at all. Not knowing any better, he must've confused his father's drink with his own, mistaking that glass of wine for grape juice.
::From a distance, I noticed someone practicing martial arts in the courtyard. I expected it to be our young master, which I wasn't wrong in assuming, but I never expected to see him in such a state &mdash; that is to say utterly sloshed.
::He greeted me in high spirits, and if it wasn't for his lobster-red face, I wouldn't have suspected anything.
::Overdrinking on a summer night is hardly a crime. But considering his age, I simply felt that I had to keep an eye on him.
::At first, I wanted to pretend that I didn't see it. I even made a detour to take things out to the backyard so as to spare him the embarrassment.
::By the time I finished my work, the young master was already lying on the steps, asleep. Ah, what a rare sight it was to see this precocious young man revealing this side of him... A right sight indeed.
::Another servant and I quietly carried the young master back inside and prepared some tea and snacks to help him sober up and ease the discomfort later. He might have called his parents' names while sleeping. His eyes closed, he looked so contented. Perhaps he had dreams of some happy moments in his past.
::Dear young master, you still have a long life ahead of you. There shall be plenty of opportunities to drink &mdash; in the future, that is.

;(Listen to the first Melodic Omamori)
:{{A|vo yqeq102 4 hisamichi 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Hisamichi:''' The flesh resides in society, while the heart yearns for the natural world... Such has been the way of the Kaedeharas for many generations.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 4 hisamichi 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Hisamichi:''' Kazuha, the future of this clan will one day be in your hands.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 4 hisamichi 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Hisamichi:''' When that time comes, remember to always stay true to yourself.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 4 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I heard an old man say something about the "Kaedeharas"...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 4 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Sounds like it might be Kazuha's grandfather.

;(Listen to the second Melodic Omamori)
:{{A|vo yqeq102 5 hisamichi 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Hisamichi:''' Listen carefully, Kazuha. A Kaedehara blade is not forged for the purpose of harming people.

;(Listen to the third Melodic Omamori)
:{{A|vo yqeq102 6 kageharu 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kageharu:''' Father, what are you carving?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 6 hisamichi 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Hisamichi:''' Haha, it's a rock garden. I'm modeling it after the scenery I saw on my travels abroad. It'll go in my bonsai later.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 6 hisamichi 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Hisamichi:''' Work has been so busy these years, I've barely had a moment to spend with my grandson. I hope he doesn't take after me... when he's older, he should get out there and see more of the world.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 6 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' I believe the other voice belongs to Lord Kazuha's father.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 6 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Oh? I see... We have ventured into Lord Kazuha's memory.
----
;(Approach Kazuha)
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh there you are!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Huh? Where did you all go?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This place is a maze! We all got trapped inside, except for you.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I've been stuck in this room the whole time, and can't seem to find a way out. I have to say, this place looks a lot like my childhood bedroom.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If this is your home, why would you be trapped here? Is the maze trying to keep you out?

:'''You tell Kazuha about everything that just happened...'''

:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It appears that this whole maze is modeled after my family home. And all the conversations you heard in there are in fact words once spoken by my father and grandfather.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' You said that the maze is trying to keep me out... Indeed, I'm the only one unable to explore this place.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I think these unusual structures are some kind of mirage. According to what Kazuha said, all this seems to be constructed based on Kazuha's memory.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' But why should Lord Kazuha be the only one excluded?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...Maybe that comes from me, too.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' To me, what is past is gone. Everything in the world is guided by its own rules, and as for people...we can never relive the past.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I think that this belief is the reason why the mirage was keeping me out.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I can get behind that. It's a very sensible way of looking at things.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' All our thoughts have consequences. I don't consider it strange, and I don't think it's anything you should be worried about.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 9 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hmm... we got in here by touching the bonsai, didn't we? So perhaps if we touch it again...
----
;(A domain transition occurs)
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're back!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hey, look, that whole mountain's changed completely.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ... Wait.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Everyone, I might have an explanation. The changes in the mirage could be related to the bonsai.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' My father once mentioned that this pot was originally part of a collection belonging to my great-grandfather. He adored his bonsai and always took great care of them.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' When our family fell upon hard times, my grandfather traveled far and wide, looking for a way to save the clan. However, during that time, my great-grandfather became gravely ill.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' He knew my grandfather had no interest in bonsai, so before his death, he gave most of his carefully crafted bonsai away. This is the only one he retained.
;(If "True Tales of the Violet Garden" was completed{{verify}})
::{{A|vo yqeq102 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' To hide the letter with that secret in, right?
::{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes, and to give his son something to remember him by.
::{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' My grandfather returned as quickly as he could, but my great-grandfather had already passed away. They never got the chance to say goodbye to each other before the end. After that, my grandfather would spend long periods of time standing in front of this bonsai, lost in thought.
::{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Eventually, he started to make his own bonsai. Unlike his father, he preferred arranging rock gardens instead of plants.
::{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Perhaps influenced by my grandfather, my father also took a liking to crafting bonsai. Back then, our courtyard was filled with all kinds of them.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' And this flowerpot was passed down to me as a family treasure.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 12.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It's certainly no coincidence that it appeared here and became the entrance to the mirage. It's almost as if... it's giving me a chance to make up for past regrets.
:{{DIcon}} Regrets about what?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 13.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' There was once a time when the Kaedeharas were an illustrious clan in Inazuma.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 14.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' After the [[Raiden Gokaden]] incident, our clan's fortunes took a turn for the worse. By the time of my generation, our downfall was complete.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 15.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Later, I fled Inazuma as I didn't want be arrested. With no one left in the Kaedehara Clan, the authorities confiscated everything in our home, including this bonsai.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 16.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Like my ancestors before me, I think I'd like to try it out for myself... recreate a favorite scene from my travels and place it into this pot.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ... *sigh*
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 17.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Since the contents of this bonsai affect the mirage, I'd at least like to try my hand at making something.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 18.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But what style? Should I use plants for the bonsai like my great-grandfather, or rocks like my father and grandfather...
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 19.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...Perhaps a rock garden would suit me better.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So do you need any supplies to make this bonsai?
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 20.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I think I'll need a set of tools and some rocks that can be carved and made into decorations.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got it, we'll help you look!
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' We might just get lucky. If the pot's here, then surely other stuff related to crafting bonsai can't be far away.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I concur! Lord Kazuha, take heart in your search, for my retinue and I shall help you retrieve your missing treasures.
:{{A|vo yqeq102 10 kazuha 21.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Thank you, everyone.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* The travel via the Waverider can be skipped if the teleport waypoint at the destination is unlocked, by fast traveling to the position where the quest is.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/EQy7IHttv1g
|caption1 = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared
|zhs     = 春庭景如旧
|zhs_rm  = Chūn Tíng Jǐng Rú Jiù
|zht     = 春庭景如舊
|zht_rm  = Chūn Tíng Jǐng Rú Jiù
|zh_tl   = Scenery of the Spring Courtyard in the Past
|ja      = ありし日の春庭
|ja_rm   = Arishihi no Haruniwa
|ja_tl   = The Olden Days' Spring Garden
|ko      = 변함없는 봄의 정경
|ko_rm   = Byeonhameomneun Bom-ui Jeonggyeong
|ko_tl   = Unchanging Sunlight of Yard of Spring
|es      = Jardín primaveral de antaño
|es_tl   = Spring Garden of Old
|fr      = La cour printanière d'antan
|fr_tl   = The Vernal Courtyard of Yesteryear
|ru      = Весенний дворик прошлых лет
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ดั่งย้อนวิวทิวทัศน์สวนวสันต์
|th_rm   = Dang Yon Wio Thiothat Suan Wasan
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vườn Xuân Cảnh Như Xưa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Frühlingshof, wie er einst war
|de_tl   = The Spring Courtyard as It Once Was
|id      = Bagaikan Pekarangan Musim Semi yang Dulu Pernah Ada
|id_tl   = Like the Spring Courtyard That Once Existed
|pt      = Jardim Primaveril de Outrora
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[ru:Весенний дворик прошлых лет (Часть 1)]]