{{Act Infobox
|image          = Summertime Odyssey Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Summertime Odyssey
|actNum         = II
|actType        = None
|prev           = The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!
|next           = Blazin' Trails
}}
'''As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared''' is the second act of the [[Summertime Odyssey]] event.

==Quests==
* [[As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 1)]]
* [[As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 2)]]
* [[As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 3)]]

==Summary==
The next day, the Traveler is shaken awake by a panicked Paimon, who tells them that certain strange things have begun happening on the island. First, the two find that [[Kosekimaru|their boat]] has somehow attained sentience and begun speaking with a squirrel. The rest of the group also recounts some of the strange phenomena they have seen around the island. When Mona performed a divination to try to find answers, her scryglass showed only a chaotic mess that was impossible to decipher. Suddenly, the group sees a thunderstorm descending on the Archipelago; for a few moments they see a gigantic castle on top of a faraway isle, before the mirage completely disappears. Mona states that the mirage flickering in and out matches what had seen earlier that morning, while Kazuha says that they seem too real to just be illusions. After some discussion, Paimon names their talking boat Miitoboru, and the group boards it to investigate an island near [[Pudding Isle/2.8|Pudding Isle]]. 

Once they reach their destination, Kazuha immediately spots something unusual: a bonsai pot that had been in his family's possession for many generations sitting atop a rock, with nothing planted in its soil. Upon touching it, everyone is suddenly transported into an Inazuman-style domain, with Kazuha himself nowhere to be found. After making their way through the maze, the rest of the group find Kazuha at the end of it, who reveals that the domain had recreated his childhood home from his memories. It had also prevented him from exploring the place unlike his companions, trapping him in a replication of his childhood bedroom until he was found by the others. Kazuha explains that this may be because of his own philosophy about this past: something that is already gone, and which he cannot relive. 

After touching the bonsai again, the group is transported back to the Archipelago, where they see that a completely new set of islands have appeared. Kazuha realizes that the changes in the mirage are related to the bonsai, and that the mirage must be giving him an opportunity to make up for past regrets – namely, the downfall of the [[Kaedehara Clan]] after the [[Raiden Gokaden]] incident. He decides to try his hand at decorating the bonsai pot with everyone's help. Each change to the bonsai transports to the group (sans Kazuha) to another domain made from Kazuha's memories, showing moments from his life: Kazuha's father, Kaedehara Kageharu, told his son that he had failed in his duties to revitalize the clan, advising him to abandon the family craft and live out his own life without burdens. Kazuha initially refused to listen; after Kagehara's death, however, he dismissed the last of the family's servants and dissolved the clan, heeding his father's words and becoming a wanderer. He traveled throughout Inazuma, befriended a fellow wanderer, and, at some point, received a Vision. Kazuha would later become a fugitive under the [[Vision Hunt Decree]], and was forced to flee Inazuma aboard [[Alcor|the Alcor]].

After entering the domain many times, Kazuha realizes that despite his own views on the past, deep down he wishes to cultivate a bonsai like his ancestors before him and keep the traditions of the Kaedehara Clan alive. Since the mirage was able to unearth a part of himself that he had not been aware of, Kazuha theorizes that it may later reveal something related to either Xinyan, Fischl, or Mona. The group then returns to the Archipelago and calls it a day. Xinyan and Kazuha prepare dinner, while Mona checks up on Fischl, who appears gloomier than usual. The Traveler attempts to call Venti again, but they fail to reach him and decide to contact him the next day. Later, Mona finds the Traveler and informs them that since witnessing the events in Kazuha's mirage, Fischl has been worried about what her own mirage might reveal. 

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared
|zhs       = 春庭景如旧
|zhs_rm    = Chūn Tíng Jǐng Rú Jiù
|zht       = 春庭景如舊
|zht_rm    = Chūn Tíng Jǐng Rú Jiù
|zh_tl     = Scenery of the Spring Courtyard in the Past
|ja        = ありし日の春庭
|ja_rm     = Arishihi no Haruniwa
|ja_tl     = The Olden Days' Spring Garden
|ko        = 변함없는 봄의 정경
|ko_rm     = Byeonhameomneun Bom-ui Jeonggyeong
|ko_tl     = Unchanging Sunlight of Yard of Spring
|es        = Jardín primaveral de antaño
|es_tl     = Spring Garden of Old
|fr        = La cour printanière d'antan
|fr_tl     = The Vernal Courtyard of Yesteryear
|ru        = Весенний дворик прошлых лет
|ru_tl     = Spring Courtyard of Past Years
|th        = ดั่งย้อนวิวทิวทัศน์สวนวสันต์
|th_rm     = Dang Yon Wio Thiothat Suan Wasan
|th_tl     = As Yesteryear in the Spring Garden
|vi        = Vườn Xuân Cảnh Như Xưa
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Der Frühlingshof, wie er einst war
|de_tl     = The Spring Courtyard as It Once Was
|id        = Bagaikan Pekarangan Musim Semi yang Dulu Pernah Ada
|id_tl     = Like the Spring Courtyard That Once Existed
|pt        = Jardim Primaveril de Outrora
|pt_tl     = Spring Garden of Yore
|tr        = Bahar Bahçesinden Manzaralar
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Come appariva un tempo il cortile in primavera
|it_tl     = As the Courtyard Once Appeared in Spring
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Una travesía estival (II)]]
[[ja:ありし日の春庭]]
[[pt-br:Jardim Primaveril de Outrora]]