{{Quest Infobox
|id              = 5023
|image           = Archon Quest As the Sun Rises and Sets.png
|type            = Archon
|chapter         = V
|act             = Incandescent Ode of Resurrection
|actNum          = V
|part            = 2
|requirement     = 
|characters      = Ajaw; Amina; Anpao; Ayele; Ayo; Cahuia; Caipa; Cetan; Chasca; Citlali; Hanwi; Hnaska; Huaccue; Iansan; Kachina; Kinai; Kinich; Mavuika; Mualani; Olaya; Ororon; Paimon; Poloa; Traveler; Vichama; Xilonen; Zumalli
|startLocation   = [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame: Temple of Pax]], [[Natlan]]
|region          = Natlan
|area            = Basin of Unnumbered Flames
|subarea         = Stadium of the Sacred Flame
|poi             = Stadium of the Sacred Flame: Temple of Pax
|prev            = Subterranean Ruins
|next            = Journey of Stars and Flames
|rewards         = Adventure EXP*1,425;Primogem*30;Mora*62,225;Hero's Wit*6;Mystic Enhancement Ore*11
|dialogueRewards = Obsidian Ancient Name*1
|voiced          = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=As the Sun Rises and Sets|chapter=5|act=5|part=2}}

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Speaker's Chamber]] to meet [[Mavuika]]
# Invite Mavuika to come along with you
# Go to the [["People of the Springs"|People of the Springs]]
# Chat with your friends and wait for the feast to begin
#* Have a chat with Kachina and Mualani (optional)
#* Have a chat with Kinich (optional)
#* Have a chat with Ororon (optional)
#* Have a chat with Iansan (optional)
#* Have a chat with Chasca (optional)
# Follow [[Ororon]] and take part in the ceremony
# Return and rejoin the feast
# Follow the path to escort [[Kachina]] back to [["Children of Echoes"|the tribe]]
# Continue forward along the path
# Follow [[Hanwi]]
# Talk to [[Ayo]] and his family
# Take Kachina back home
# Check on how the forging of the [[Ancient Name]] is going
# Test the Ancient Name outside the camp
# Talk to [[Vichama|the soul]] that suddenly appeared
# Talk to the souls that suddenly appeared<!-- Not a mistake or repeat -->
# Check on the [[Tepetlisaurus]]'s condition

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 4, the available "friends" are [[Chasca]], [[Iansan]], [[Kachina]], [[Kinich]], and [[Ororon]]. The player only needs to talk to 3 of them to proceed.
* The optional NPCs [[Kinai]] and [[Caipa]] can only be interacted with during step 4.
* Completing step 11 grants the {{Achievement|Unfinished Journey}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The time for the meeting has finally come. Head over to the Speaker's Chamber.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the Speaker's Chamber)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I see. If all goes well, three days should be more than enough to forge the name. You won't need to push back the plan.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Thank you. I'd say the sooner you can finish it, the better. I still need to announce the matter to everyone.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 citlali 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq301 7 citlali 01b.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Don't worry. We should only need half a day. {{Traveler}} has been in Natlan a while, now. The [[Pilgrim's Chronicle]] should have enough records of {{MC|m=his|f=her}} adventures.
:;(Traveler and Paimon knock on the door)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Come in.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Mavuika! Oh, [[Xilonen]] and [[Citlali]] are here too! Hello!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We were just talking about you. I invited you here for two reasons. First, there's {{Traveler}}'s Ancient Name, which is ready to be forged.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah! You need the Pilgrim's Chronicle, right? The device the [[Lord of the Night]] gave us.
:{{DIcon}} I brought it with me.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Perfect. Could I take a look?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Hmm... Yep.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Looks good. This is definitely enough to work with.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Usually, the first step to forging an Ancient Name is performing a ceremony to extract memories from the [[Ley Line]]s. But, since the Lord of the Night gave us this record, we can skip that part.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 xilonen 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Still, I've never used something like this before. This is an entirely new material for me, so I need to look into how the process might change.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'll help you. My knowledge on the Lord of the Night and the [[Wayob]] might come in handy.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That brings me to the second matter. As you already know, once your Ancient Name is complete, we need to venture into the deepest part of the Night Kingdom.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That will happen in three days' time.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;Three days!? So soon?
:{{DIcon}} I'll start getting ready.
:{{DIcon}} That won't be a problem.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait! But, um...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' You're worried about {{Traveler}}, aren't you?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon gave it a lot of thought, and Paimon's not very good at thinking or fighting to begin with. It's just...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This plan could save countless lives. Paimon understands why people would want to be a part of something so important...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 07a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 07b.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' But... all this time, Paimon has barely left {{Traveler}}'s side. Not to mention, we all know this will be a super dangerous mission...
:{{DIcon}} Just trust us.
:{{DIcon}} We have to be the ones to do this.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That's right. And, as long as we win, the [[Ode of Resurrection]] will return us to this land.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The Night Kingdom is a realm of souls and memories, where mental fortitude outweighs physical strength.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' All in Natlan are resolved to win this war. The [[Sacred Flame]] will connect us to their fighting spirit. We will do whatever it takes to win.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' So, if you want to contribute, just cheer us on alongside all the people of Natlan. For {{Traveler}}, I'm sure your words of encouragement are among the most important.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The most important? Really...?
:{{DIcon}} That way, it'd be like we're still together.
::{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 09a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! Overcoming danger side by side, just like always!
:{{DIcon}} That way, I'll always remember how much you care about me.
::{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 09b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay... then, please don't do anything reckless! That's what Paimon's trying to avoid!
:{{DIcon}} That way, it'll be just like fishing with you cheering me on.
::{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 09c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, not sure what fishing has to do with anything, but... If you're making weird analogies, guess that means you're not nervous.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, it's decided! Paimon will cheer the loudest out of everyone in Natlan!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 citlali 03a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq301 7 citlali 03b.ogg}}--> '''Citlali:''' It's less about volume, and more about mental focus. But, I get it. You're just trying to show how much you care.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Of course, this all depends on the successful completion of the Ancient Name.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 12a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 12b.ogg}}--> '''Mavuika:''' Otherwise, {{Traveler}} will not join me. That is the condition.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 xilonen 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Don't worry. I swear on the honor of my tribe &mdash; I will not fail. I know how important this is.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' There's no time to lose. Let's go.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 xilonen 08.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Alright, everyone. When we meet again, it will be to deliver the Ancient Name.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good luck, you two!
:;(Xilonen and Citlali exit)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Three days, huh... What should we do in the meantime? We know you're still rebuilding, so is there anything we can do to help?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 13.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' From what I've heard, the two of you have helped more than enough. You should take a well-deserved rest.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 14.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Even if there are stray [[Abyss]] monsters out there, our warriors can handle them. Don't worry.
:{{DIcon}} Still, if things haven't returned to normal...
:{{DIcon}} Resting isn't my style.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Exactly! We can't take a break! We're adventurers! We've gotta live up to the name!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We still have a long journey ahead of us and so many places to go! The battle in three days is just another part of our adventure!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 15.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Haha, I see. In that case, just do what you think is best.
:{{DIcon}} What about you?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 16.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' This final battle is extremely important to me &mdash; the culmination of my life's work. Still, I think you've got the right idea.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 17.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I'm also going to follow my heart. I plan on using these three days to calm my mind and work on a painting.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? You know how to paint?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 18.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I just learned, actually. I hear it takes a lot of practice to get any good.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 19.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' It could be anything, though. What I really enjoy is the process of getting better at something through practice. It's how I relax.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 20.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Of course, that's only when I have the time. I'm usually too busy.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, that's how you relax... Well, it definitely seems like your style.
:{{DIcon}} We'll leave you to it, then.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mavuika 21.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Alright. Let's go our separate ways for now.
:;(Mavuika exits)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, if Mavuika relaxes by working really hard at something... That basically means she never takes a break, right? Wow, she's definitely something else...
:;(Someone knocks on the door)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, uh... hello? Sorry, Mavuika's not here right now.
:;([[Mualani]] and Kachina enter)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' There you are!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' *panting*... We made it.
:{{DIcon}} Why are you so out of breath?
:{{DIcon}} Is something wrong?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Haha, other than our plan almost falling through? Nothing at all!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' The preparations took longer than expected. We were so worried we wouldn't make it before you left on your next big adventure.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Well, if you hadn't overslept...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Details, details. Anyway, come on! Let's go to the People of the Springs!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold on! Tell us what's going on first.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Oh, yeah, haha. Jumped the gun a bit there, didn't I? Basically, we know about your super important mission coming up, and we want to give you a proper send-off!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Before the [[Pilgrimage]], we usually hold a huge feast! All you can eat, with meat by the tableful!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! All you can eat!?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I knew that would pique your interest, Paimon. You can eat to your heart's content. You won't wanna miss out, I promise!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mualani 08.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Of course, there's not just meat, but also all kinds of fruit, vegetables, desserts, drinks, you name it! You won't be disappointed!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds amazing! We're in!
:{{DIcon}} Didn't you just say we need to live up to our title as adventurers?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, the best adventurers know how to go with the flow, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Plus, it sounds like this feast is in your honor. If you don't show up, everyone's hard work will be for nothing!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's our fault for not telling you earlier, so it's okay if you can't make it. Still, if you're not busy, we'd really like you to be there. It won't take up too much of your time!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It'll be super fun! Plus, all our friends will be there.
:{{DIcon}} Okay!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' YES! Let's go eat!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 25.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's the hold up, {{Traveler}}? Did you think of something?
:{{DIcon}} Why don't we invite Mavuika?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 together 01.ogg}} '''Paimon & Kachina & Mualani:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 paimon 26.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' I&mdash;Isn't she painting?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Is that okay? It's not like we prepared anything fancy...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mualani 09.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' W&mdash;Well, I definitely wasn't expecting that suggestion. She's the [[Archon]], after all. Maybe it's not our place...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mualani 10.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' But, we might as well extend the invitation! The Archon is about to fight for us with everything she has! This feast is in her honor, too!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Um, then who's gonna be the one to invite her?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 7 mualani 11.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' All of us, of course!

;(Knock on Mavuika's door)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Come in.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Oh, it's you four. Is there something you need?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're here to invite you to the People of the Springs for a feast!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Ah, I see. This is a special kind of feast, isn't it?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Exactly! It's a tradition to hold a feast before battle! We couldn't miss out on this opportunity. It's our way of cheering you on!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Plus, I always wanted to do something to thank you for saving me from the [[Night Kingdom]]...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That was my duty. Besides, it's all in the past now. You don't owe me anything.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Although, this feast does sound rather interesting.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' So, you'll come?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Of course. No need to notify [[Amina]] in advance. I'll just surprise her, haha.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mavuika 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' You don't need to turn this into some kind of grand banquet on my account.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mavuika 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I'll try my best to attend as an ordinary person, not an Archon.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's not like you're the type to pull rank or something.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mavuika 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' True, but my presence changes the way people act. I just don't want to spoil the fun &mdash; a lot of things can change once an Archon is involved.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mavuika 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Barbecue is best fresh off the grill. And still, people will insist on waiting for me to eat first.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah... Paimon can see that...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Don't worry, I'll jump in if that happens! I can throw manners to the wind, no problem!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mavuika 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' No need, I can take care of it. Anyway, thank you for inviting me. It really means a lot.
:{{DIcon}} What about your painting?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 mavuika 12.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I don't need to finish it. I enjoy the process, but now there's something more interesting to do.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 8 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Th&mdash;Then, let's go together! The main dish should be ready soon!
{{Dialogue End}}

{{Quest Description|update|Citlali and Xilonen are preparing to craft a brand-new Ancient Name for you. While you wait, Mualani and Kachina invite you to a feast hosted by the People of the Springs, to which Mavuika will accompany you also.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Amina and [[Kinich]])
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Amina, there's been another delivery.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 01.ogg}} '''Amina:''' You're kidding! ANOTHER one?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Just like the others &mdash; they heard about the feast and wanted to send something to contribute.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 02.ogg}} '''Amina:''' But, this is just a small send-off. What are we going to do with all this stuff?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 03.ogg}} '''Amina:''' Then again, I understand where they're coming from... I'll deal with it. *sigh* What a headache... If this continues, half of this stuff's gonna go bad before we get to it...
:;(Traveler, Paimon, Mualani and Kachina arrive with Mavuika in tow)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 04.ogg}} '''Amina:''' HUH!? You... you're here already!? And you've even brought the...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 05.ogg}} '''Amina:''' A&mdash;Archon!? What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' We invited her! She agreed to come as a surprise guest!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 06.ogg}} '''Amina:''' Surprise is putting it lightly... Sorry, sorry. I'm happy you're here, it's just...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' No apology necessary. What's going on?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 07.ogg}} '''Amina:''' Well, I started spreading the word about the send-off, just around the area, like usual. A lot of people are still busy repairing their homes, so I didn't think many people would come.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 08.ogg}} '''Amina:''' But, the turnout has been overwhelming. Not to mention, we've received a small mountain of deliveries. There's no way we can use all this stuff.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That's our Star Outlander's popularity for you!
:{{DIcon}} So, you remember that nickname...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're saying... everyone's here because of us?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 09.ogg}} '''Amina:''' Yep! The news about your impending mission with the Pyro Archon has spread all over Natlan.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 10.ogg}} '''Amina:''' Plus, you were amazing in the recent battle. A lot of people are here just to thank you, or wish you good luck.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 11.ogg}} '''Amina:''' Basically, this whole thing is happening because so many people wanted to see you.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 kinich 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Still, we definitely weren't expecting you to show up with the Pyro Archon.
:{{DIcon}} It was my idea.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 paimon 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq301 9 paimon 02b.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Mavuika and {{Traveler}} are in this together! They both deserve a celebration.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 12.ogg}} '''Amina:''' Well, this is the perfect excuse to throw an even bigger party! All this extra stuff was gonna go to waste, anyway...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' No need to go to all that trouble on my account. That's not why I'm here.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Besides, with so much of our nation in ruins, resources are still scarce. Extra spending for my sake is the last thing we need.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 13.ogg}} '''Amina:''' That's true...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 14.ogg}} '''Amina:''' *sigh* Party-planning isn't easy. I can handle the big picture, but I'm not used to dealing with the finer details. That was always Auntie [[Atea]]'s job...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 15.ogg}} '''Amina:''' Sorry, I'm just feeling a bit in over my head.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, speaking of Atea, how is she? Is she feeling any better?
:;(Everyone goes silent)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Actually, there's something we haven't told you...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Auntie Atea passed away not long after the attack on our tribe.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...What?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' When you brought me her talisman, I knew her end was near. Luckily, I got the chance to see her one last time.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' She was a hero to the very end. Even though her body was at its breaking point, she showed no pain or sorrow.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' In her final moments, her thoughts were entirely with her tribe and her people.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Gatherings like this remind me of her and the parties she loved to organize. So, I decided to attend in her memory.
:{{DIcon}} So, you already knew...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' We didn't mean to hide anything from you. It's just... there was never a good time to bring it up.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Cheer up, everyone! Auntie Atea wouldn't want us to remember her with tears!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Parties like this were her specialty, but now it's up to us to carry on her legacy! So, we can't let her down &mdash; believe me, she has high standards!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that sounds about right...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' So, come on, let's get to work, everyone! Oh, uh... Chief Amina and our guests of honor excluded! Kachina, Kinich, time to go!
:;(Mualani drags Kachina away)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Wait, you don't have drag me...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Amina, you mentioned something about a surplus of supplies. I may have a solution...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' First, invite anyone who comes to deliver supplies to stay for the gathering.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' If it's a caravan, ask them to extend an invitation to the sender, as well.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Make it clear in the invitation that anyone is welcome to attend, but you're no longer accepting donations.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 12.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' In addition, all leftover supplies will be purchased by the Speaker's Chamber, sorted, and donated to the appropriate areas.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 16.ogg}} '''Amina:''' Th&mdash;That would be such a big help, Archon! Thank you!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 amina 17.ogg}} '''Amina:''' I'll get on it, right away!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Amazing plan, Mavuika! It was clear, concise, and organized... But, uh, weren't you trying to keep this small?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 13.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I don't mind increasing the size of the gathering, I just didn't want it to be because of me.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 14.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' My approach to problem-solving is always the same. Different solutions lead to different outcomes. The method may change, but the "right choice" is always grounded in logic and reason.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, Paimon feels like she just learned a thing or two!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, should we take a walk while everyone finishes the preparations?
:{{DIcon}} I mean, we are the guests of honor.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 9 mavuika 15.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Sounds good. A casual stroll can be hard to come by. Let's go.

;(Talk to [[Kinai]], optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 15 kinai 01.ogg}} '''Kinai:''' If we don't solve the crisis in the Night Kingdom, war will continue to ravage our nation.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 15 kinai 02.ogg}} '''Kinai:''' We've achieved a brief moment of peace, but we can't get complacent. Even if it's not on the front lines, there are still things we can do.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 15 kinai 03.ogg}} '''Kinai:''' Like fortifying our defenses, eliminating remaining monsters, rebuilding our homes...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 15 kinai 04.ogg}} '''Kinai:''' And coming together like this to sing for you and offer our warmest blessings.

;(Talk to [[Caipa]], optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 16 caipa 01.ogg}} '''Caipa:''' Archon, what is it like in the depths of the Night Kingdom? We really can't go with you?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 16 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' No, that region has been completely corroded by the Abyss. Without protection, an ordinary person would not last a minute.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 16 caipa 02.ogg}} '''Caipa:''' Oh... I guess we'd only get in your way... Then, this really is a battle reserved for the gods.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 16 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Fear not &mdash; I've been preparing for this moment a long time.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 16 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' This duty is mine to bear, and I will succeed.
----
<!-- "Chat with your friends" dialogue section start; only need to complete 3 of the 5 -->
;(Approach Kachina at [[Golden Dusk]])
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Mualani, it's almost time for the feast!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Maybe we should send the drinks out first? There's a bunch of guests here already.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Yep, yep! I'm making the juice as we speak... Oh, right! The ice!
:;(Kachina paces back before being startled)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Huh!? Oh, you scared me! Sorry, we're a little busy in the kitchen right now, but the food is almost ready!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' AJAW! Get out of the ice bucket!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 ajaw 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' The Almighty Dragonlord [[K'uhul Ajaw]] will not tolerate this stifling hut! We seek a cool place of repose. This bucket suits our taste.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Great, now we can't use any of this ice. HEY! This is your mess! Get back here!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Kachina, Ajaw is on the run. Help me catch him!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' O&mdash;Okay...! Sorry, I gotta help with Ajaw.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As usual, Ajaw brings chaos wherever he goes.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Lively, isn't it?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Leave this to me, Kachina.
:;(Mavuika captures Ajaw)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 ajaw 02.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' What is this? Who dares lay a hand on the Almighty... Tch, Mavuika.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I got him, Mualani.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Expert Ajaw-wrangling, Archon! Thank you!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 ajaw 03.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' You shall utter our name with more reverence! Or we shall... or I'll get Kinich to... ask you to apologize.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Some dragonlord you are, if you need your "servant" to protect you...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Ajaw ruined an entire bucket of ice. We have others, but still... That was not cool! How should he be punished, Archon?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Let me think...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Seems like you could use some extra hands around here. Ajaw, help out in the kitchen.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 ajaw 04.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' What? The Almighty Dragonlord K'uhul Ajaw shall not be reduced to a menial kitchen laborer...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I wasn't asking.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 ajaw 05.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' ...Understood.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Ajaw, you have to learn to be good at some point.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 mualani 07.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Well? Hop to it! There's a pile of vegetables with your name on it! You need to wash every leaf!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 10 ajaw 06.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' H&mdash;Help! Someone save meeeeee!
<!-- Kachina despawns after, so talking again isn't an option -->

;(Talk to Kinich)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Hm, this box is missing a label... Oh, it's you. What's up?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nothing! We're just taking a look around!
:{{DIcon}} What have you been up to?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Well, everyone's busy rebuilding the tribes, so there's not a lot of saurian hunting work out there.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 kinich 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' But, the Pyro Archon assigned me a special mission.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, really?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That's a bit of an exaggeration &mdash; I just asked Kinich to help identify some of the unknown casualties from the battle.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The fighting consumed all of Natlan. Countless humans and [[saurian]]s were dragged into the conflict. So, a lot of investigative work is required to confirm their identities.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 kinich 04.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Just like a detective, I only have tiny details to work with. The goal is to deduce their habits and find evidence to corroborate their identity.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 kinich 05.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' It's tricky work, but we have every reason to keep going.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Because Natlan's heroes deserve to be remembered... right?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Exactly. That is how we, as the living, respect our heroes and the value of their lives.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' So, let me know if you need extra help, Kinich.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 kinich 06.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I'm doing fine for now. The teams searching for the fallen need the help more than me. The longer we take to find the dead, the harder it will be to piece things together.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Understood. Thank you for your hard work.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 11 kinich 07.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Just doing my part.

;(Talk to Kinich again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq301 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Huh, still no label... If I want to know who sent this, guess the box will be my only clue.

;(Talk to [[Chasca]])
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Chasca.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 chasca 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Hello, Archon. I'm fishing.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Doesn't look like the fish are biting today.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 chasca 02.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Yeah.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 chasca 03.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' ...
:;(An awkward silence fills the air)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 chasca 04.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' It's okay, you don't have to walk on eggshells around me. I know you can tell I'm not really trying to fish. But, gazing at the water puts me at ease...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I went to visit your parents, Chasca. Of course, I could only offer a few simple condolences...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 chasca 05.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' You helped a lot, actually. My mom has been doing much better since your visit.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 chasca 06.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' I've always been grateful to my parents for taking me in, but now I have an even deeper sense of responsibility.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 chasca 07.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' I'll never be able to replace [[Chuychu]], but I will do everything in my power to pull them out of their loneliness and despair.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That's exactly what your mother is worried about. She doesn't want you to push yourself to make up for their loss. After all, it's your loss, too.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Grief is not something that can be measured against others. You don't need to make amends, Chasca. Your loss is a tragedy, not a debt.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' In any case, they've always loved both of you. There's no need for you to become Chuychu when they love you just for yourself.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 chasca 08.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Don't put too much pressure on yourself!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 chasca 09.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Thank you, everyone.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 12 chasca 10.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Sounds like I owe my parents a conversation.

;(Talk to Chasca again, optional)
:{{A|vo dailog ntaq301 chasca 1.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Thank you for everything you said. I'll talk to my parents soon.

;(Talk to [[Iansan]] or [[Huaccue]])<!-- Iansan's name doesn't show above her head but she is an interaction option -->
:{{A|vo ntaq301 13 iansan 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Hello, you guys! Sorry for the wait. We're still setting up the venue.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 13 iansan 02.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Hey, did I say you could take a break!? Keep pushing! This is the home stretch, and then we get to feast!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 13 huaccue 01.ogg}} '''Huaccue:''' Yes, Coach!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you still helping rebuild the tribes?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 13 iansan 03.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' That work is pretty much done, but I've discovered a lot more people with [[Abyssal Corrosion Syndrome]] in the process.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 13 iansan 04.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' So, I've been compiling patient records while helping them overcome the hallucinations. Thanks to [[The Captain]], we have the [[Draught of Lucidity]] for the worst cases.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 13 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I heard about your efforts. The Speaker's Chamber can take it from here.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 13 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' It's more effective to have a focused task force, and the Speaker's Chamber can contact the [[Fatui]] directly for more doses.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 13 iansan 05.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' The doctors at the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame|Stadium]] aren't too busy?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 13 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The worst is over, so it should be fine. I'll confirm it myself later.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 13 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I'll be in touch with next steps. I just need you to compile all existing patient records to ease the transition.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 13 iansan 06.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Understood, Archon! Although, I'd like to continue helping out with the treatment. I can't let everything I've learned go to waste.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, that's so responsible of you!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 13 iansan 07.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Well, haha... Knowledge is power, after all.

;(Talk to Iansan again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq301 iansan 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Alright, break time! Get some water, and let me know if you start to feel dizzy.
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq301 iansan 02.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' I'll take things from here.

;(Talk to [[Ororon]])
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 olorun 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq301 14 olorun 01b.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Oh, {{MC|m=Gramps|f=other Granny}}, Archon... I swear, I've been on my best behavior recently.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Paimon knows it's just how you talk, but you've gotta realize how suspicious that sounds, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Haha, I am curious, though... Are you still working with [[The Captain]]?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' No, I don't have a reason to follow him anymore, so my life is back to normal &mdash; growing vegetables, raising [[Phlogiston Aphid|aphids]]...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Well, maybe not completely normal. I'm still keeping tabs on the situation in the Night Kingdom... The Ley Lines are in a bad state.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We plan on bringing that to an end.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 olorun 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq301 14 olorun 04b.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I know. You... and {{MC|m=Gramps|f=other Granny}}, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You're going to become great heroes, and the most I can do is... weave a scroll of your deeds.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you know how to do that?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 olorun 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Most people from my tribe know the art, but I'm not very good... I can never seem to empty my mind.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 olorun 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' We commemorate the deeds of others as a form of inspiration. But, rather than waiting for someone else to be inspired, isn't it faster to just take things into your own hands?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well... There are always things we can't do on our own.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I wouldn't phrase it quite like that, but Paimon's not wrong.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Time will give you an answer. I know how you feel, Ororon. It took me a long time to find my place in the world.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I'm more mature now, but that passion, that drive to prove myself... I miss it sometimes. Maybe you'll change in the future, but you can still be proud of who you are now.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 olorun 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You're saying... I need to live in the present?
:{{DIcon}} Just do what you think is right.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 14 olorun 09.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Hm... Thank you, Archon. That's what I've always tried to do.

;(Talk to Ororon again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq301 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' The Pyro Archon is right. I still have a long way to go, but I will have time to grow.

;(If three interactions have been completed)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, looks like the food is almost ready! Let's head over! Paimon can't wait to feast!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, but if there are still people you want to see, that's okay... We can head over later, too...
<!-- "Chat with your friends" dialogue section end -->
----
;(Interact with the chair)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Rest
:{{Black Screen|For now, you set aside your troubles to savor the delicious food and this happy occasion.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' So... full. I'm practically a [[Blubberbeast]], hehe...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Wh&mdash;What's that?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' A creature from [[Fontaine]] with a super round belly... You've never seen a picture of one?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Aw, it sounds so cute!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can vouch for their cuteness! You can pat their belly, and they'll even join in!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 iansan 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' That reminds me of my saurian companion. Her name was [[Emela]]. She wasn't the sharpest [[Tatankasaur]], but she was incredibly brave.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 iansan 02.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' When there was nothing to do, she would lounge around the tribe without making a sound, even if you bumped into her. Sometimes, visitors would think she was all passed out!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 iansan 03.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' But, she was completely different once we were on the move. When she was little, I took her on all sorts of adventures. But, saurians grow a lot faster than humans. Before long, she was the one dragging me all over the place.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, she must have been a great fighter to keep up with you!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 iansan 04.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Yeah, she was tough. [[Varesa]] told me she was amazing in the final battle...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 iansan 05.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' I had to defend the Stadium, so... I never got the chance to see her one last time. It was a choice I had to make, but it was hard to accept.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 iansan 06.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Sorry, I didn't mean to bring down the mood. I'll just get to the important part...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 iansan 07.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' I actually saw her in my dreams the past few nights! It felt so real, like it was really her.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 iansan 08.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' She gave me a ride, and we traveled all around Natlan together. We were both so happy.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 mualani 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Wait, now that you mention it...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 mualani 04.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I've had dreams of Auntie Atea! She was her typical self &mdash; brave and stern, always with that indescribable warmth.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 mualani 05.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I've never had a dream that felt so real. Just like you said, it felt like I actually got to see her again!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' So, it wasn't just me...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you've had dreams, too? Don't tell Paimon you dreamt of your aphids or something...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' It wasn't just them. Some of the Gramps and Grannies who looked after me were there, too.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Growing up, I could always hear a degree of guilt in the way they spoke to me. It's why they never asked anything of me, why they gave me so much freedom.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 olorun 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I never wanted things to be that way. But, even in my own dreams, nothing changed... They sounded exactly the same, just like real life.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' The same thing happened to me! I dreamt of Ayo's grandparents.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ayo... Oh, right! Your saurian companion.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Ayo's grandparents fell to the Abyss during the battle... So, it's been really hard for him. He's barely been eating.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I set up a tent near his home so I could be there for him, and I had a dream that his grandparents came back.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I was so happy. In the dream, Ayo seemed like his normal self again. But, it was only for a moment, and then I woke up...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' In real life, Ayo is still struggling. He barely sleeps or eats... But, it's alright! I'll be there for him!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Everyone's had dreams, including me. Could they be related somehow?)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}? Chasca? Did you two... Oh, um, sorry. Never mind...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 chasca 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' ...Heh, when did this become story hour?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 chasca 02.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Still, I have nothing to hide. I dreamt about Chuychu.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 chasca 03.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' She told me I felt like a completely different person. She said I'm going down the right path, so she doesn't need to pick fights with me anymore.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 chasca 04.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Maybe your dreams felt real, but the Chuychu I saw was nothing like her "real" self. She would never say anything like that to me.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 chasca 05.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' It was a dream, nothing more.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 iansan 09.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Sorry. I shouldn't have brought this up in the first place.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 chasca 06.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' It's fine. I'm the one being a buzzkill...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Well, what about you, {{Traveler}}? Did you have a special dream?
:{{Black Screen|You tell everyone about your dream, including The Captain and the souls...}}
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 mualani 06.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You're kidding! The Captain?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 iansan 10.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' D&mdash;Does that mean you have some kind of secret connection to him?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No! Of course not!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Maybe {{Traveler}}'s dream is a different kind of phenomenon...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I may know the cause of the dreams. At the end of the battle, I launched a special kind of [[Night Warden Wars|Night War]] by using the power of the [[Divine Throne|divine throne]].
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Its great power allowed the Ode of Resurrection to bring back all casualties, independent of the time of victory, or the possession of an Ancient Name.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' In addition, the power of the divine throne revitalized the souls and memories within the Night Kingdom, allowing them to take the form of their past selves.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Even after the battle, that effect still lingers. That's why those you lost were able to reappear in your dreams.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' But, I agree with Ororon... {{Traveler}}'s dream is likely a different matter.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 olorun 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' The shamans of my tribe often receive visions of the future through dreams... Is that what you're suggesting?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Yes, exactly.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, {{Traveler}} saw... The Captain's future?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 olorun 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' It's still unclear. But, [[Citlali|Granny]] taught me how to interpret dreams. Would it be okay if I try to take a look?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 olorun 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' If I can observe your soul, I can find out the key elements of the dream.
:{{DIcon}} That's incredible.
:{{DIcon}} That power reminds me of someone.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 olorun 09.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You're thinking of the [[Dendro Archon]], right? My tribe's power over dreams is nothing compared to that of an Archon.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 olorun 10.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Observing the dreamscape requires a ritual and can only reveal static images. We also need the full cooperation of the dreamer.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 olorun 11.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Otherwise, the process could be used to violate the privacy of others...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 mavuika 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I also have a fairly good understanding of the ritual. What do you say, {{Traveler}}? Should we start the preparations?
:{{DIcon}} I'm curious about The Captain.
:{{DIcon}} I want to know about his true goal...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 17 olorun 12.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Then, I'll start getting ready. We'll carry out the ceremony somewhere else.

;(Talk to Kachina or Mualani again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq301 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' You've got me curious about this dream, too! Be sure to come back and tell us what you learn!
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq301 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Yeah! And let us know if you need any help!

;(Approach Mavuika and Ororon)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I never knew you could make it this way. This formula is new to me...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Your granny never taught you about incense-making?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' No, she usually just lists off the ingredients and tells me to follow the formula...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Haha, then you still have a lot to learn from her.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Alright, we're ready, {{Traveler}}. Once you head inside, you'll fall into a brief sleep.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Ororon will interpret the dreamscape, but you won't feel a thing.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' That's right. Everything's all set.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, you just need to take a nap? Sounds easy enough.
:{{DIcon}} See ya later.
:;(The Traveler enters the room and falls asleep)
:;(Through the door, Paimon hears Ororon)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Th&mdash;This is...
:{{Black Screen|You sleep for a brief period. When you open your eyes again, the ceremony appears to be over.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Here, have some water. It'll help to clear your head.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're awake already, {{Traveler}}? That was fast...
:{{DIcon}} It felt like only a few minutes...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' It was enough. What did you learn, Ororon?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' The person next to The Captain... I've seen him before. He was the one who tried to possess me back at the ruin.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? It was him!? [[Guthred]], right? The military doctor?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' So, you know that name, too...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! The Captain told us about him when we were helping Iansan.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He was the one who developed the [[Draught of Lucidity]], a drug that can help people with hallucinations.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I see...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 09.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' After the battle, I returned to my tribe and began searching through our records of the catastrophe five hundred years ago. Even though my encounter with him was brief, I managed to track down some information...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 10.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' The records said he was cold and decisive. Like The Captain, he was formidable in battle, but the two upheld very different ideas of justice.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, he didn't have The Captain's sense of... honor?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That makes sense. The best partners are those who complement each other.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, if there are records of all this, that must mean The Captain was famous in Natlan!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Yes, but unless he brings up his past, few are likely to make the connection between a [[Fatui Harbinger]] and Thrain, one of Natlan's legendary heroes.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 11.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Guthred is also a respected figure in our nation. The story of how he sacrificed himself for Natlan is a pretty famous tribal legend.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 12.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' But, there's still something I don't understand. I'm the only one who saw him. You shouldn't be able to dream of someone you've never met...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 13.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' And yet... The figure in your dream looked exactly like him.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I don't think that's a coincidence. I believe what {{Traveler}} saw was Guthred's soul.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 14.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' But didn't he die hundreds of years ago? There's no way his soul could have survived that long...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe he found his way to the Night Kingdom for a little bit?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' No, the Night Kingdom only accepts the souls of Natlan. It's always been that way. The [[Ruler of Death]] likely wanted to prevent the Ode of Resurrection from being abused.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 15.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' When I was with The Captain, I could hear something coming from him, souls that were not his own. I heard voices of sorrow and pain, sometimes faint, sometimes strong.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, are you saying The Captain has had Guthred's soul inside of him all along!?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 16.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' That's the part I don't understand. Ordinary people shouldn't be able to carry the souls of others...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 17.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' It's only possible for me because my situation is unique. And, even then, you saw what happened... The Lord of the Night's voice triggers a violent reaction in those with fragmented souls.
:{{DIcon}} But The Captain didn't react at all.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 18.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I even checked his soul myself. It's resilient, radiant, and entirely in one piece.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe it has something to do with Guthred, then...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 19.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' It's very possible.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 20.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' It's still too early to tell, but the continued existence of Guthred's soul is likely the key to figuring out The Captain's true intentions.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I agree.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Captain never revealed anything to you? The two of you worked together for quite some time...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 21.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' No, he rarely talked about himself. We were united in our efforts to save Natlan, but it never went beyond that.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 12.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Let's come back to this later. One final step, and we save Natlan for good. That must be our focus.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 13.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I'll tell the officials at the Speaker's Chamber to monitor The Captain. Nevertheless, I doubt his goal will interfere with our plan.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, he's definitely up to something, but there are far more important things for Paimon to worry about...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Like, if Paimon had to rate her level of worry... The Captain gets maybe fifty points. But, considering the final battle, you two get at least two thousand!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 14.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' In any case, conjecture will only get us so far. It might be more useful for you to ask The Captain directly, Ororon. With any luck, he might just tell you the truth.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 22.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Huh? M&mdash;Me...?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 15.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Don't tell me you haven't noticed his respect for you? The First of the Fatui Harbingers doesn't work with just anyone.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 16.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Fortune favors the bold. So, if you ask me, posing the question directly is the wiser choice.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 olorun 23.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm not so sure... But I'll give it a try.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 18 mavuika 17.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Alright, let's head back and enjoy the party.

;(Return to the feast)
:{{Black Screen|After you return, everyone enjoys the gathering until sundown.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 amina 01.ogg}} '''Amina:''' Thank you so much for coming, everyone! As this gathering comes to a close, let's hear it for the Pyro Archon and {{Traveler}} one last time!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 kinai 01.ogg}} '''Kinai:''' Good luck!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 caipa 01.ogg}} '''Caipa:''' You've got this!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 mualani 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' For Natlan!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Thank you, everyone. Today has meant so much to me. It's been a long time since I had the chance to truly relax.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Today was great!
:{{DIcon}} Thank you very much.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 amina 02.ogg}} '''Amina:''' Well, that concludes the send-off! Everyone is free to go. Any volunteers willing to stick around for clean-up, follow me!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 mualani 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Oh, I'm in!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Alright, I'm going to head back to the Stadium. I'm sure there's a lot of work to make up at the Speaker's Chamber.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, what happened to taking a break?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' There is no break from the responsibilities of an Archon. Anyone else heading to the Stadium? We can go together.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 chasca 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Yeah, I'll come. There's a few things I want to pick up before I head home. No one really needs a peacemaker right now, so I think I'll spend some time with my parents.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, see you soon!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Time for me to head back, too... Oh, wait! I should stop by [[Ifa]]'s place first.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I need to make sure he's taking care of my radishes.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course you do... Well, safe travels!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I should also get going. Bye for now, everyone.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, wait! Paimon wanted to ask something... Where was Ajaw this whole time?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Ajaw's not exactly a good party guest &mdash; unless you prefer parties with less food and more insults.
:{{DIcon}} So, you put him in a timeout?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heh, what goes around comes around!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 iansan 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' I'm gonna go, too! Good luck with your Ancient Name!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 iansan 02.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Not sure if you already know this, but being the first bearer of your name is a huge honor in Natlan. It comes with a lot of responsibility.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 iansan 03.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' But, I'm sure your deeds will be remembered for generations to come! I believe in you!
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Well, guess I should head out, too. It's gonna be super late by the time I get back...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I think I'll go see Xilonen. She's probably done with your Ancient Name by now. I can check for you!
:{{DIcon}} So soon?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Yeah! Xilonen is an amazing engraver! She usually works really fast, but your ancient name is a special case, so I can't say for sure...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we also don't have anything to do, so why don't we go together?
:{{DIcon}} Sounds good.
:{{DIcon}} At this time of night, it's dangerous to go alone.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, it's okay! I'm not alone &mdash; Turbo Twirly's with me!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Still, if you want to check on the progress, we should definitely go together! Getting an Ancient Name is such a special moment!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoo, let's go!
:;(The camera pans to a rattling box near Golden Dusk)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 19 ajaw 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' H&mdash;Help! Someone save meeeeee!

;(Interact with the door behind [[Kupo Nui]] at Golden Dusk, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq301 ajaw 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Little Kinich, think you can lock me away forever? Heh, we'll see who gets the last laugh!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|As the feast comes to an end, you plan to escort Kachina back to her tribe and check up on how far the Ancient Name's forging has progressed.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marker)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 20 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hey, remember when you first arrived in Natlan? It was still light out, and we traveled on this road together!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 20 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It was the day before the Pilgrimage, and we met up with Kinich and Mualani.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 20 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, feels like it was just yesterday!
:{{DIcon}} We've had a lot of adventures.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 20 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Yeah! You saved me from the Night Kingdom, you helped us win that battle against the Abyss...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 20 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' And the final battle is just around the corner.
:{{DIcon}} We sent you off to battle. Now, you get to do the same.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 20 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Huh? Oh, yeah... Hehe, you're right!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 20 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I was so nervous the night before the Pilgrimage, but your words of encouragement made me feel a lot better!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 20 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I slept so well that night, and earned the best score I've ever had in the Pilgrimage!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 20 kachina 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' S&mdash;So, if you're nervous, {{Traveler}}, maybe I can encourage you this time...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 20 kachina 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' *sigh* I've learned so much from you. But, I doubt I can return the favor...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I'm not nervous.
::{{A|vo ntaq301 20 kachina 10a 1.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hehe, I knew it! I really look up to your bravery, {{Traveler}}!
:{{DIcon}} I'm a little nervous.
::{{A|vo ntaq301 20 kachina 10b 1.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, um... D&mdash;Don't worry! I'll be rooting for you! And, if you need help, I'll always be first in line!
::{{A|vo ntaq301 20 kachina 10b 2.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I bear the ancient name "{{Rubi|Uthabiti|Resilience}}." That means I'll never give up! So, I guess the only piece of advice I can give you is... Don't back down!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 20 kachina 11.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Alright, let's keep going!
----
;(Approach the second marker)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 21 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, this is where we met [[Toto]], isn't it?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 21 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Yeah, but Toto probably won't be able to come back here for a while.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 21 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' During the battle, Toto refused to leave this place. Monsters started closing in, and he got really injured... But, [[Tochlan|an amazing doctor]] saved his life!
;(If Toto was found during [[Despair Engulfs the Heavens]])
::{{A|vo ntaq301 21 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we saw him during the battle... Thank goodness he made it!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 21 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' The doctor said he refused to leave because of his "territorial instincts." I have a different idea, though...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 21 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Toto is a gentle creature &mdash; he's not aggressive or territorial. He loves his home and wants to share that with everyone in the area.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 21 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I don't like conflict or violence, either &mdash; Toto and I are similar in that way. But, we want to protect the things we love from being destroyed. So... we chose to fight.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 21 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Love is an extremely positive and powerful emotion, but sometimes it comes with pain &mdash; that's what my dad always says.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 21 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Now, I finally understand what he meant.
:{{DIcon}} You and Toto are both very brave.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry you had to grow up so fast.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 21 kachina 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's alright. This will all be over soon.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 21 kachina 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' The fact that I was born in this era, that I got to meet legendary heroes like you and our Archon... actually makes me feel really lucky.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 21 kachina 10.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I've always wanted to see what Natlan would be like without the Abyss...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 21 kachina 11.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' And now, that day is just around the corner. I know you two can win this!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 21 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, it's time to get this over with. We've still got a long journey ahead of us!
:{{DIcon}} Thanks, you two.
:{{DIcon}} I'll give it my all.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 21 kachina 12.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' C'mon, we're almost there!
----
;(Approach the third marker)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 22 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Wait, that's Hanwi... Hey, Hanwi! What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 22 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, let me introduce you &mdash; this is Ayo's mom!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 22 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 22 hanwi 01.ogg}} '''Hanwi:''' Roar, roar!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 22 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh no, you seem worried... Is something wrong?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 22 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' She left! C'mon, let's follow her!

;(While following Hanwi)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 22 hanwi 02.ogg}} '''Hanwi:''' Roar&mdash;
:{{A|vo ntaq301 22 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' She's really freaking out! What's going on?

;(Approach Ayo)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Oh, it's because of Ayo. *sigh* Still no change, huh... Poor thing.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right... You said Ayo's grandparents died in the battle.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Yeah. When the Abyss attacked, Ayo's entire family fought to defend our tribe.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Ayo's parents made it through, but his grandparents weren't so lucky...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' The whole family was really close, and now, Ayo barely sleeps or eats. All he wants to do is look for them.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 05.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Maybe he thinks his grandparents are still out there somewhere, but there's no bringing them back...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 06.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hey, Ayo... It's me! Feeling any better?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 07.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I brought some steak for you. I know it's your favorite, and it's still warm... Want some?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 ayo 01.ogg}} '''Ayo:''' Roar...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 08.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Nope. It's like he doesn't even know I'm here...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, doesn't this situation remind you of Abyssal Corrosion Syndrome?
:{{DIcon}} Kind of...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 09.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Huh? What's Abyssal Corrosion Syndrome?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' According to The Captain, it's a kind of mental disorder that results from Abyssal contamination, even after its power has been purified.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It can cause hallucinations, mental breakdowns... It's really dangerous.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 10.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' That does kind of sound like what's happening to Ayo, but I don't think he was contaminated by the Abyss...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's hard to say for sure. Still, Abyssal power was everywhere during the battle. Maybe it affected him indirectly...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 11.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It's possible...
:{{DIcon}} We have a few doses of medicine on us.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! That medicine was really effective against the worst cases. Since we don't have any other options, should we give it a try?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 12.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Okay, but just a small amount. Since it was developed for humans, it might have a different effect on a saurian.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, better safe than sorry!
:{{Black Screen|After you administer the medicine, Ayo immediately perks up and scarfs down the steak in one bite!}}
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 ayo 02.ogg}} '''Ayo:''' Roar!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 13.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' You're okay? I'm so relieved!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 14.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Thank you so much! That medicine is amazing!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 together 01.ogg}} '''Hanwi & Anpao:''' Roar, roar...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 15.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Done eating, Ayo? Then, you should get some rest. You've barely slept these past few days.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 ayo 03.ogg}} '''Ayo:''' Roar, roar!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 16.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Okay, okay! You're full of energy, aren't you? Fine, I won't nag you. Just don't overdo it!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 ayo 04.ogg}} '''Ayo:''' Roar, roar!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 17.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Thank you so much, you two. You helped save Ayo!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 18.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Could you share some of that medicine with me? I want to be able to help someone else if I were to run into a similar situation.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 19.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Y'know, I used take a lot of things for granted. Growing up, it's easy to think that everything around you will just exist forever.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 20.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' But the battle taught me that very few things in life are permanent. Like this path, for example... It's the same one we walked before, but now, the view is completely different.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 21.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' It makes the things we love even more precious. So, I want to do as much as I can to defend my family and friends, so I can move forward without regrets.
:{{DIcon}} I feel the same way.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 22.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Actually, that's something I learned from you, hehe! You've really taught me a lot.
:{{DIcon}} You give me too much credit.
:{{DIcon}} You're a fast learner.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! You're so talented and strong &mdash; practically a star pupil!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 23.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' R&mdash;Really? So, you think I'm doing a good job? I've been a good... disciple? Or, uh, student? Or, um...
:{{DIcon}} How about... friend?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 24.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' *tearful whimper*...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 25.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Thank you! I... I won't let you down! I'll train even harder tomorrow!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 26.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hehe, alright, we're not far from the tribe. Let's go.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 23 kachina 27.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Bye, Ayo! Bye, Hanwi! Bye, [[Anpao]]!
----
;(Approach the Statue of the Seven)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 24 kachina 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Phew, we're here! That was quite the trek.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 24 kachina 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' After you visit Xilonen, you should come over for dinner! You can stay the night, too. I'll help my parents get everything ready!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 24 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We wouldn't want to impose...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 24 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see how things go with Xilonen first.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 24 kachina 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Totally up to you! You're always welcome!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 24 kachina 04.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Bye!
:;(Kachina leaves)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 24 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When you think about it, we haven't actually known Kachina that long...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 24 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Our journey in Natlan feels like it just started, and now it's about to end.
:{{DIcon}} There are still a lot of places we haven't seen.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 24 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's true! We'll just have to add them to the itinerary!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 24 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, time to go check on our... *ahem* your ancient name!

;(Approach Citlali)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh, it's you two. The party's over, I'm guessing...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You knew about that?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Of course! Everyone in Natlan is rooting for you.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Xilonen is working on the last part of your Ancient Name. It's best not to bother her when she's in the zone.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Your Name is a special case. There were quite a few headaches along the way, which slowed the progress.
:{{DIcon}} This is already faster than I expected.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I told Xilonen, if we hurry, we might make it to the feast in time to snag the last round of barbecue.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I was just teasing, but she gave it some serious thought, nodded, and really hit the ground running after that... It's like my joke lit a fire under her or something.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like she really wanted that barbecue.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Yeah, it's a favorite in her tribe. I bet she still hasn't realized the feast is already over...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, should we go make some for her, then?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, if she's looking forward to it that much.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I appreciate the thought, but there's no need. I can tell what time it is &mdash; the light outside is a dead giveaway.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Besides, I knew it was a joke. But, we were having a serious conversation at the time, so I decided to give a serious response.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' *ahem* Anyway, I have something more important to show you. Here, take a look.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' WOW! It's your Ancient Name!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' "{{Rubi|Tumaini|Hope}}"... a name surfaced from the very bottom of the river of souls. It means "hope."
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 09a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 09b.ogg}}--> '''Citlali:''' A light to guide us through the darkness, like the stars or the moon... It's a perfect fit.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Amazing! Does this name come with a cool chant like the others?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 05b.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Of course, but that'll come later. {{Traveler}} is the first bearer of this name &mdash; those words will emerge naturally during {{MC|m=his|f=her}} journey.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Once you return triumphant from the battle, I'm sure you will have fully understood why the Lord of the Night chose this name for you.
:{{DIcon}} Everything's ready...
:{{DIcon}} Now, we just need to strike.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, getting this Name turned out to be easier than Paimon was expecting.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It all came down to the Lord of the Night's power. This situation is the first of its kind. Heck, I doubt we'll ever get a chance like this again.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Imagine receiving that much help from the Lord of the Night only for our most trusted engraver to fail... That would have been so embarrassing for humanity.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 08.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Success was never a question. You just like to make things seem dramatic. It's all those novels you read...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hey, it's not like I wanted you to fail! When you've been alive as long as me, you learn that anything can happen!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, okay. It all worked out in the end...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 09.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Your Name was successfully forged, and it passed all my technical tests... But there's still one more step.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 10.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' We need to make sure the name has accepted you, and will function normally in your possession.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' An outlander has never received an Ancient Name before. I wouldn't be surprised if something equally unprecedented happens when you connect to it...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're saying, it's still too early to celebrate...?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, when it comes to something this important, we can't leave anything to chance. Let's run this final test!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 11.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Don't worry, the process is simple. We can find a quiet place to test it out after dinner.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 12.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Basically, I need to observe whether your soul can connect to the Ley Lines, and make sure there are no signs of rejection.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 13a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 13b.ogg}}--> '''Citlali:''' Last time, you essentially "barged into" the Night Kingdom, but now, we must make sure that it will truly accept you.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Just leave it to me &mdash; I'm a professional.
:{{DIcon}} Just like that...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 13.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Oh, and you can have the Pilgrim's Chronicle back.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? It wasn't destroyed?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 14.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' If forging an Ancient Name consumed the memories used to create it, the first person to bear the name would never be remembered.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 15.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The Pilgrim's Chronicle is still the most significant proof of your adventures in Natlan.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' No need to make a fuss... Let's go eat. I'm starving.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 16.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' C'mon, I'll take you to my favorite barbecue place.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hah, barbecue! See? I knew you couldn't resist!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 17.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Oh, I forgot to mention... The place has top-tier alcohol as well.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Well, what are we waiting for? Hop to it, people!
:{{Black Screen|You enjoy a delicious barbecue dinner together. It seems to be Xilonen and Citlali's first meal of the day.}}
:{{Black Screen|The alcohol is equally delicious, but out of respect for the test that will come next, Citlali only takes a few sips.}}
:{{Black Screen|After the meal, Xilonen heads back to retrieve her tools while you wait outside with Citlali.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is something on your mind, Citlali? You barely had anything to drink at dinner...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Heh, I didn't think anything could shake me at this age...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 19.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But, the closer we get to the final battle, the more worried I feel... You have an Ancient Name now, but the Ode of Resurrection only takes effect if you win.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 20.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' And, the Pyro Archon's fate... is pointing toward "death."
:{{DIcon}} No fate is set in stone.
:{{DIcon}} We will achieve victory together.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 21.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 22.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I believe in you... And, thank you &mdash; your words mean a lot.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 xilonen 18.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Alright, I'm ready... Oh, is something wrong?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, not at all! Citlali just... ate too much!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 25 citlali 23.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Yes, that's right! So, I should really walk it off. C'mon, let's run the final test.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Obsidian Ancient Name}} and {{Item|Pilgrim's Chronicle}})
----
;(Approach the marker)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' All set, Xilonen?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Just need to check one more thing, and... Yeah, okay! We're good!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Alright, I'll stand next to you and monitor your connection to the Ley Lines. It shouldn't take long, but you need to look out for one thing.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' This test relies on the same principles as the [[Spiritspeaker Stone]]. I heard about what happened when you used it last time...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah! Abyssal power kept surging out! If Chasca hadn't destroyed the stone, [[Vichama]] would have been consumed by the Abyss.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That's exactly what I'm worried about. All this time, our final foe has continued to corrode the Ley Lines from the depths of the Night Kingdom.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Your resistance to its power is remarkable, but you need to tell me if anything feels wrong.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' If either of us notices something off, the test ends, got it?
:{{DIcon}} I'll be fine.
:{{DIcon}} I'm more worried about Abyssal power leaking out.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Don't worry, I'll use [[Element]]al power to take care of that. This isn't exactly a picnic in the park, but everyone knows you never leave trash behind.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Xilonen, I'm ready to start.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Paimon, give us a little more space.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, okay!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Let's do this.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, that light is beautiful! It's exactly like when we used the Spiritspeaker Stone.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Your connection to the Ley Lines looks good... I can sense the Lord of the Night.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Your soul is remarkable. Such a strong presence... even on par with the Lord of the Night.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Looks like the Lord of the Night has accepted this Name and acknowledged you as its bearer... No surprise there, considering we only got this far because of her.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Stable connection to the Ley Lines, no unexpected fluctuations... Both good signs.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' How do you feel, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} All good.
:{{DIcon}} Completely normal.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Then, it looks like your Ancient Name is good to go. That's great news.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, look! Something's coming!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' No need to panic, Paimon. The damage to the Ley Lines has allowed these soul-like beings to leak out onto the surface.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's just because of the ritual. It makes it so that everyone can see them. I know they look like ghosts, but it shouldn't last long...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' A&mdash;Although, there shouldn't be this many!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 olaya 01.ogg}} '''Olaya:''' Home...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 cahuia 01.ogg}} '''Cahuia:''' This... way...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 19.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Xilonen, stop the test! We've already confirmed what we came here for!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Got it!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What's going on?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 20.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I see... It wasn't just escaped souls. The ritual attracted all the souls in the surrounding area.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Surrounding area?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 21.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The Night Kingdom is getting weaker by the day, especially in its capacity to accept souls. After death, many souls fail to return to the Ley Lines.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 22.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Once a soul becomes lost, it can never return to the Night Kingdom. Lost souls can only wander listlessly, gradually fading from existence before disappearing entirely.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 poloa 01.ogg}} '''Poloa:''' Please... Take me back...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 zumalli 01.ogg}} '''Zumalli:''' I... cannot... disappear...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' So, the connection we established to the Night Kingdom... That's what drew them here?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 23.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Yes. {{Traveler}}'s soul is powerful, so the echoes coming back from the Night Kingdom were loud and strong...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 24.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Some of these souls never made it to the Ley Lines, others escaped from the Night Kingdom, and even more don't even come from Natlan... Complicated doesn't even begin to describe it.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' S&mdash;So, they've always been around? We just couldn't see them most of the time?
:{{DIcon}} Can we save them?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 25.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' We can try. Returning souls to the Ley Lines usually requires a complex ritual. But, we don't have time for that, and neither do they...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 26.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That's exactly why my people turned to "vessels" like Ororon.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 27.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' He has a remarkable ability to perceive souls. Even after the failed ceremony, he made it his mission to travel around Natlan and return as many souls as possible.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 28.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But, most of the time, having the ability to perceive souls means watching them wither away in agony, completely powerless to stop it...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' So you're saying... There will always be those that we can't save?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 29.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That's right, but saving some is still better than saving none at all. After all, souls that disappear can never be reborn...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 citlali 30.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That has to be true loneliness... The knowledge that you've been abandoned by the world, even in death...
:{{DIcon}} Then, we have to do something.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 26 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! We should try to save whoever we can!

;(Approach Vichama's soul)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' V&mdash;Vichama!? Is that you!?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 01.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' Oh... I know you.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 02.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' I didn't think we would meet again, especially like this.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 03.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' Using the Spiritspeaker Stone meant so much to me... Thank you, Citlali. I finally have the chance to say that in person.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Enough of that... What happened to you?
:{{DIcon}} You... didn't make it through the battle?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you're from the [[Scions of the Canopy]]! During the battle, your tribe was...!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 04.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' It's okay. The battle finally gave me the chance to fulfill my dream.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 05.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' Back then, I missed my chance at the [[Night Warden Wars]]. I wasn't about to let that happen twice.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 06.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' I scouted the location and direction of the attacks, so I could tell Chief [[Wayna]] the safest way to evacuate.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 07.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' Those with grappling hooks escaped through the air. Everyone else banded together on the ground to break through the front.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 08.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' But, people needed information, so I stayed behind until the very end.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' ...You're a true hero.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 09.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' Thank you, but that's not why I did it.... I did it for the future of my tribe and the future of Natlan.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 10.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' The battle gave me back my sense of purpose. That's all I wanted.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 11.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' And, anyway, I was supposed to see [[Mallko]] again. I thought we would witness Natlan's rebirth together...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 12.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' But the Night Kingdom rejected me.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even though you're a hero of Natlan? How could that happen?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm sorry... The Lord of the Night didn't do it on purpose, I can promise you that. The Ley Lines are in terrible shape. Even the Ode of Resurrection is no longer working like it should...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 13.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' I know... She can't help it, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 14.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' I get it. It just feels like fate is mocking me. Even in death... I won't ever get to be with Mallko again.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' No, it hasn't been long since the battle. The door to the Night Kingdom should still be open to you.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Give me some time. I'll think of something.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 15.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' I&mdash;Is that even possible?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It doesn't matter &mdash; I have to try. A hero of Natlan deserves a better fate than this!
:;(Citlali performs a ritual on Vichama)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 16.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' This feeling... Is this the Night Kingdom?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Phew... Looks like this method worked on you.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 17.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' Thank you... Thank you so much! People don't always have the nicest things to say about you... But, shows what they know...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmph, that's a given.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I hope you come back to us soon, Vichama.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 18.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' If I may... What about the others? Can you save them, too?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're sorry.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 19.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' Don't apologize. You're doing everything you can. This isn't anyone's fault.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 20.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' Let this land bear witness to my final wish for this world...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 21.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' From now on, may every soul in Natlan find haven and home.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I promise you, Vichama &mdash; I will not abandon the Ley Lines to their fate.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to us.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 22.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' Thank you... People like you are the true heroes.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 27 vichama 23.ogg}} '''Vichama:''' Goodbye.
:;(Vichama disappears)

;(Approach the first soul)<!-- Technically don't need to approach -->
:{{A|vo ntaq301 28 olaya 01.ogg}} '''Olaya:''' Let me... Go back...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 28 olaya 02.ogg}} '''Olaya:''' Please... My child... is waiting for me...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 28 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 28 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm sorry... Too much time has passed. There's nothing I can do...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 28 olaya 03.ogg}} '''Olaya:''' Nothing... you can do...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 28 olaya 04.ogg}} '''Olaya:''' Is this... the punishment... I deserve?
:;(The soul disappears)

;(Approach the first group of souls)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 29 cahuia 01.ogg}} '''Cahuia:''' Home... Here... Home...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 29 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' She's one of the souls that overflowed from the Night Kingdom. She can no longer go back there.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 29 cahuia 02.ogg}} '''Cahuia:''' Home... Home...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 29 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're sorry... If there was anything we could do...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 29 cahuia 03.ogg}} '''Cahuia:''' Home...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 29 cahuia 04.ogg}} '''Cahuia:''' Ho...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 29 cahuia 05.ogg}} '''Cahuia:''' ...
:;(The souls disappear)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 29 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' She's at her limit. Just getting here has taken all her strength.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 29 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ugh...
:;(They turn towards another group of souls nearby)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 30 poloa 01.ogg}} '''Poloa:''' Let me go back... Let me go...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 30 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The Night Kingdom isn't responding. *sigh* That means its doors are closed...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 30 poloa 02.ogg}} '''Poloa:''' Why...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 30 poloa 03.ogg}} '''Poloa:''' I... fought... my entire life... I... believed... the Lord of the Night... would...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 30 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I'm sorry. The Ley Lines are overwhelmed, and the Lord of Night has no strength left...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 30 poloa 04.ogg}} '''Poloa:''' Why... me...?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 30 poloa 05.ogg}} '''Poloa:''' Who... am I?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 30 poloa 06.ogg}} '''Poloa:''' Does it even matter... who I am...?
:;(The souls diappear)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 30 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course you matter! Wait!
:{{DIcon}} He's gone.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 30 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Absolute helplessness... that's what he felt in his final moments. I could sense it.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 30 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm sorry...

;(Approach the second group of souls)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 32 ayele 01.ogg}} '''Ayele:''' Save me...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 32 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Don't worry, I can help you. Just hold on.
:;(Citlali performs a ritual on Ayele)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 32 ayele 02.ogg}} '''Ayele:''' The... Night Kingdom...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 32 ayele 03.ogg}} '''Ayele:''' Thank you...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 32 ayele 04.ogg}} '''Ayele:''' You must be from the Masters of the Night-Wind. Would you tell me your name, kind soul?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 32 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Citlali.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 32 ayele 05.ogg}} '''Ayele:''' Cit... lali...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 32 ayele 06.ogg}} '''Ayele:''' What a beautiful name...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 32 ayele 07.ogg}} '''Ayele:''' Dazzling... just like the stars in the sky.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 32 ayele 08.ogg}} '''Ayele:''' ...
:;(Ayele disappears)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 31 zumalli 01.ogg}} '''Zumalli:''' I... can't... disappear...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 31 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It hasn't been long since he died. I can still try to save him!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 31 zumalli 02.ogg}} '''Zumalli:''' I... can't...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 31 zumalli 03.ogg}} '''Zumalli:''' I... ...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 31 zumalli 04.ogg}} '''Zumalli:''' ......
:{{A|vo ntaq301 31 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Watch out, Citlali! The Abyss is corrupting him!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 31 zumalli 05.ogg}} '''Zumalli:''' ...disappearing...you ...
:;(Xilonen knocks him out)
:{{A|vo ntaq301 31 zumalli 06.ogg}} '''Zumalli:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 31 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I'm sorry.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 31 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The Abyss has corrupted his soul from the inside. Even if we could send him back to the Night Kingdom, it would only make the situation worse.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 31 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I know. If we were just a little quicker, we could have stripped away its power...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 31 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...But, it's too late. Let's go check on the others.

;(Approach the souls of [[Cetan]] and [[Hnaska]])
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no... Saurian souls can be affected, too?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Their souls are still intact... I should be able to help them.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 ayo 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Roar, roar...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold on, is that...!?
:{{DIcon}} Ayo?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 ayo 02.ogg}} '''Ayo:''' Roar...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 hnaska 01.ogg}} '''Hnaska:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' That's right, I recognize him, and the two souls next to him should be his grandparents. Kachina told me about what happened.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It all makes sense now. Ayo could barely sleep or eat because he sensed the presence of his grandparents.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That must be why he looks so happy right now &mdash; they're finally reunited.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 ayo 03.ogg}} '''Ayo:''' Roar, roar...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' When was the last time Ayo slept?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' From what Kachina said, it's been a while. He hasn't been doing so hot lately.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, now that he's seen his grandparents again, he looks completely at ease.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Kachina's taken me to meet Ayo before. He's always been such an energetic little saurian. If he didn't want to sleep, even his parents couldn't make him.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' But, whenever his grandparents started to sing to him, he would fall asleep in no time.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I think it's a song from when Ayo's father was a baby, or even before then.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 cetan 01.ogg}} '''Cetan:''' Roar, roar, roar...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's amazing... Ayo was so restless earlier, and now he's completely calm.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 ayo 04.ogg}} '''Ayo:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ayo can finally get a good night's sleep.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still... It's not like this can go on forever.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' No, their time is running out... I have to send them back to the Night Kingdom before it's too late.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 hnaska 02.ogg}} '''Hnaska:''' Rawr!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 cetan 02.ogg}} '''Cetan:''' Roar, roar!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What's wrong with them? They got super angry all of a sudden...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' They don't want to go.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I know you don't want to leave Ayo, but you can't stay here. You're running out of time.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' If you don't go back to the Night Kingdom now, you'll disappear in a few days!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 hnaska 03.ogg}} '''Hnaska:''' Rawr!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 cetan 03.ogg}} '''Cetan:''' Roar, rawr!
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' They've made their position clear.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 08.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' "We want to stay by his side, no matter what."
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 ayo 05.ogg}} '''Ayo:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 09.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' *sigh*...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 10.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' We should respect their decision.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I don't want to leave them to that fate... But, if this is what they want, then I can't separate them.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What fate? You mean, like the other lost souls?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 cetan 04.ogg}} '''Cetan:''' Roar, roar, roar.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Yes... They will gradually fade away, painfully and slowly, until nothing is left.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But, that is their choice. For the next few days... At least Ayo will get a good night's sleep.
:{{DIcon}} We must save the Ley Lines.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 11.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' That's the only way to prevent more souls from suffering the same fate.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 12.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Once all traces of Abyssal power are removed from the Night Kingdom, the Pyro Archon will restore the Ley Lines &mdash; that's the final step of her plan.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So we're not just fighting for the living, but for the dead, too...
:{{DIcon}} That reminds me of the dream I had about The Captain...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' What dream?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, you said The Captain had a bunch of these kinds of souls with him. Maybe they're looking for a home, too...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...But, it's impossible for [[Khaenri'ah]]ns to enter the Night Kingdom, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Although, it wouldn't be the first time The Captain tried to do the impossible.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Even in its fully functional state, the Night Kingdom can't accept foreign souls. It's completely isolated from the Ley Lines of other nations.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' In theory, that means Khaenri'ahn souls shouldn't be drawn to the presence of the Night Kingdom. Something strange is going on...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 13.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' One thing's for sure &mdash; it seems like The Captain wants to help these souls.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, he usually keeps his cards close to his chest. If we want to know what he's up to, we just have to wait for him to act.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's focus on the final battle. That's the most important thing right now.
:{{DIcon}} Agreed. Also...
:{{DIcon}} We should probably mention Ayo's grandparents to Kachina.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 14.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I will.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 15.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Good or bad, happy or cruel, we always have to face the truth. Reality doesn't change just because we choose not to face it.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I just wish I could have done more. So many souls, and I could barely help. I'm so sorry...
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, don't apologize! None of this was your fault.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I guess you're right... If we want to end this, we have to tackle the root of the problem &mdash; the Ley Lines.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 16.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It's just another reason why this battle is so important.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 17.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' {{Traveler}}, before you set off, remember to give your ancient name to the Pyro Archon. She will introduce it to our people and explain its meaning.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 xilonen 18.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Then, the rest is up to you.
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
:{{DIcon}} I'll try to remember everything I've learned on my journey.
:{{A|vo ntaq301 33 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And don't forget &mdash; we're all cheering for you!
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = As the Sun Rises and Sets
|zhs      = 
|zhs_rm   = Zhngr Rch Rlu
|zht      = 
|zht_rm   = Zhngr Rch Rlu
|zh_tl    = Just Like Sunrise and Sunset
|ja       = 
|ja_rm    = Hi ga Nobori, Mata Shizumu you ni
|ja_tl    = In the way the Sun Rises and Sets
|ko       =    
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Como el alba y el crepsculo
|es_tl    = As the Dawn and the Dusk
|fr       = Alors que le soleil se lve et se couche
|fr_tl    = As the Sun Rises and Sets
|ru       =    
|ru_tl    = As the Dusk and the Dawn
|th       = 
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Ging Nh Mt Tri Mc Ri Ln
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = So wie die Sonne auf- und untergeht ...
|de_tl    = Just As The Sun Rises And Sets ...
|id       = Matahari Terbit dan Terbenam
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Como o Sol Nasce e Se Pe
|pt_tl    = As the Sun Rises and Sets
|tr       = Gne Doup Batarken
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Come l'alba e il tramonto
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter V}}

[[th:]]