{{Character Infobox
|type              = Mentioned
|image             = Shimenawa's Reminiscence Equipment Card.png
|caption           = Asase Hibiki in her youth, as depicted on [[Shimenawa's Reminiscence (Equipment Card)]].
|region            = Inazuma
|affiliation       = Asase Shrine
|affiliation2      = Grand Narukami Shrine (Faction)
|affiliation3      = The Yougou Three
|affiliationLabel2 = Grand Narukami Shrine
|affiliationNote3  = formerly
|title             = Shrine Maiden
}}
{{Lang|'''Asase Hibiki'''|ja=浅瀬響|ja_rm=Asase Hibiki}} was a shrine maiden who lived around five hundred years ago.<ref group="Note">A [[Nazuchi Beach#Pirate's Diary #4|Pirate's Diary]] on [[Nazuchi Beach]], written by present-day pirates, states that [[Ako Domeki]] lived five hundred years ago. In [[Hamayumi]], Hibiki offers Domeki her assistance.</ref> She traveled from [[Asase Shrine]] on [[Seirai Island]] to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] on [[Narukami Island]] to develop her techniques as a shrine maiden,<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Neko}}</ref><ref name="Hakushin Ring">{{Ref/Weapon|Hakushin Ring}}</ref> where she was mentored by the [[Kitsune Saiguu]] and became the love interest of [[Takamine the Mistsplitter]]. Takamine and the Kitsune Saiguu's disappearances over the course of the [[cataclysm]] deeply affected Hibiki and several others who were associated with them.<ref name="ShiRem">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Shimenawa's Reminiscence}}</ref><ref name="ESF">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Emblem of Severed Fate}}</ref>

[[Shimenawa's Reminiscence]] and the [[Storm Cage]] piece in [[Emblem of Severed Fate]] are told from Hibiki's point of view. She was also the wielder of [[Hamayumi]], and came into possession of [[Thundering Pulse]] as part of her wager with Takamine.

==Profile==
===Appearance===
Assuming that [[Shimenawa's Reminiscence (Equipment Card)]] depicts her likeness, Hibiki had brown hair tied back into a ponytail and wore the Grand Narukami Shrine's red-and-white {{w|Miko clothing}}.

==Story==
In her youth, Hibiki went from the Asase Shrine to the Narukami Shrine. While initially distrustful of the Kitsune Saiguu, she eventually came to hold great respect for the other woman. Because the Great [[Tengu]] [[Reizenbou]] served as the Kitsune Saiguu's bodyguard, Hibiki also became acquainted with Reizenbou's servant Takamine. Despite being exasperated by his antics and nicknaming him "the idiot Konbumaru" to hide her affection towards him, the attraction was mutual and two grew close: he taught her the tengu archery he had learned, while she made an undisclosed promise to him.<ref name="ShiRem" /><ref group="Note">Given how the elderly Hibiki eventually entrusted Ako Domeki (who resembled young Takamine very much) with a wish to see the world, it is possible that her promise to Takamine involved seeing the world outside Inazuma together.</ref>

Hibiki was not the only person to train at the Grand Narukami Shrine during this time; [[Kamuna Harunosuke]] and [[Mikoshi Nagamasa]] also trained under the [[Yougou Tengu]], leading them to be collectively known as [[The Yougou Three]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Narukami Trail}}</ref>

Takamine eventually became a {{w|Hatamoto}}, or a high-ranking samurai, for the Raiden Shoguns [[Makoto]] and [[Ei]].<ref group="Note">While the Electro Archon was officially Makoto at the time, Ei assumed the role of the Raiden Shogun for military affairs. People did not officially know there were "two 'Raiden Shoguns,'" as Ei puts it in ''[[Cleansing Light]]'', so references to the "Raiden Shogun" before Makoto's death do not differentiate between them.</ref> Despite his attraction to Hibiki, he married another high-ranking samurai's daughter instead. Much to Hibiki's consternation, he never lost his habit of wandering or gambling despite his rank and marital status.<ref name="ESF" />

===The Cataclysm===
When the cataclysm threatened [[Teyvat]], Takamine and [[Mikoshi Chiyo]], Nagamasa's adoptive mother, were among those who embarked on an expedition to the [[Abyss]] alongside Ei.<ref name="ThunPulse">{{Ref/Weapon|Thundering Pulse}}</ref><ref name="CL">{{Ref/Quest|Cleansing Light}}</ref><ref group="Note">Weapon Ascension Material: [[Mask of the One-Horned]]<br>''He [Torachiyo] was once a beloved lieutenant of the Shogun, and he followed her into the dark abyssal realms to repel the defiled ones [...]''; [[Mask of the Kijin]] reveals that the story of "Torachiyo" is actually Chiyo's story, distorted over time.</ref> Before leaving, Takamine promised his "future" to Hibiki by entrusting Thundering Pulse to her as a wager for his triumphant return.<ref name="ShiRem" /><ref name="ThunPulse" /><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Mistsplitter Reforged}}</ref>

However, this never came to pass. Takamine disappeared in battle, while Chiyo went insane from abyssal corruption and attacked Ei, only to be defeated and afterwards fled, never to be seen again. This betrayal tarnished the [[Mikoshi Clan]]'s reputation and Nagamasa joined the Shogunate to restore his family's honor.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call|quote='''Escher:''' After all, Nagamasa is the adopted son of Mikoshi Torachiyo, the youkai struck down by the Shogun's own hand. If he truly seeks to redeem his family's honor, an abundance of caution is well-advised.}}</ref> The Kitsune Saiguu, who had taken up the task of protecting Inazuma in the Raiden twins' absences, disappeared and eventually perished against the dark forces.<ref name="Hakushin Ring" /><ref name="CL"/> Reizenbou went on a self-imposed exile for her failure to protect the Kitsune Saiguu while Harunosuke left Inazuma out of his grief and rage, heading to [[Liyue]] to learn the [[adepti]] arts.<ref name="ShiRem" /> The Yougou Three parted ways, never to cross paths again.

===After the Cataclysm===
''Note: The order in which the following events occurred is currently unknown.''

Much time after the cataclysm passed, Takamine finally emerged from the Abyss and returned to Inazuma. He encountered Hibiki at their promised location in [[Chinju Forest]] and though he was overjoyed at their reunion, she pierced him through with a barbed arrow and killed him.<ref name="ThunPulse" /> She believed he was inevitably and irreversibly corrupted by the Abyss' defilement and had long sworn to "save" him by "exorcising folly and needless obsession."<ref name="ShiRem" />

Hibiki retired back to her birthplace at Seirai Island, managing Asase Shrine with the help of [[Neko]] and the pirate captain [[Ako Domeki]]. She told them stories of her past and of her wish to go see the world, though she never mentioned the tragic endings of Takamine and her other friends.<ref name="TCatch">{{Ref/Weapon|"The Catch"}}</ref> During Domeki's and Seirai Island's rebellion against the Shogunate, Hibiki chose to assist him due to their friendship and his resemblance to Takamine. She decided to use the "true magic'" she learned from the Yougou Tengu to unseal the great barrier containing [[Kanna Kapatcir]]'s<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Sun-Wheel and Mt. Kanna}}</ref> remaining resentment and use it to destroy the Shogunate's ships.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Hamayumi}}</ref> This decision resulted in the catastrophe that caused the massive Electro storm over Seirai Island,<ref name="ESF" /> and likely cost Hibiki her life, as she never returned from that storm.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Seirai Stormchasers: Part I}}</ref>

===Legacy===
While Ako Domeki and his fleet also went into the storm, Domeki and some of his crew survived. His chief mate [[Janome]] and the ship carrying the Maguu Kenki he defeated were blown away to the [[Golden Apple Archipelago]] while protecting him. What exactly happened to Domeki is unknown, but he eventually made his way back to Seirai Island, only to find it in its current inhospitable state. He made a vow to Janome and Hibiki to live as the "freest person in the world" and experience the world like Hibiki had always wished to, and set off for parts unknown.<ref name="TCatch" />

Asase Shrine was the only place on Seirai Island unaffected by the Electro storm. For unexplained reasons, Neko somehow became functionally immortal, no longer aging nor needing food or water, and even learned how to speak the human language. She has remained there ever since, watching over the many generations of cats that have been born at the shrine. She awaits Hibiki's return, unaware that as a human, Hibiki would have died long ago; she also does not understand why people stopped coming to the shrine &mdash; they had been evacuated from the island &mdash; and enlists the [[Traveler]]'s help in repairing the shrine in hopes of attracting more visitors.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Neko Is a Cat}}</ref>

Later on, Neko decided to take a trip with the Traveler to look for Hibiki, using what she knew to describe the Grand Narukami Shrine, as Hibiki had been there before. While speaking with shrine maiden [[Inagi Hotomi]], the Traveler and Paimon learn how old Neko really is. Hotomi nearly tells Neko that Hibiki is likely long dead, but the Traveler deflects the answer to that Hibiki simply isn't present. Feeling tired from being near the Electro-infused [[Sacred Sakura]], Neko asked to be returned home so she could resume her own responsibilities.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Narukami Trail}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* Because the kanji used for Hibiki's name ({{ja|響}}) has multiple possible readings, the English localization and some other localizations initially translated her name as "Kanade." In Version 2.1, the English localization switched to using Hibiki.
* Ako Domeki addresses Asase as his "Aunt," but it is left ambiguous whether the two are actually blood-related or if he is using an affectionate term out of courtesy for an older woman.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Gallery==
===Genius Invokation TCG===
{{Genius Invokation TCG Cards by Featured Gallery}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Asase Hibiki
|zhs      = 浅濑响
|zhs_rm   = Qiǎnlài Xiǎng
|zht      = 淺瀨響
|zht_rm   = Qiǎnlài Xiǎng
|ja       = 浅瀬響
|ja_rm    = Asase Hibiki
|ko       = 아사세 히비키
|es       = Asase Hibiki
|fr       = Asase Hibiki
|ru       = Асасэ Хибики
|th       = Asase Hibiki
|vi       = Asase Hibiki
|de       = Asase Hibiki
|id       = Asase Hibiki
|pt       = Asase Hibiki
|tr       = Asase Hibiki
|it       = Asase Hibiki
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[es:Asase Hibiki]]
[[fr:Asase Hibiki]]
[[pt-br:Asase Hibiki]]
[[ru:Асасэ Хибики]]
[[th:Asase Hibiki]]