{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70667
|image         = World Quest Ascension Challenge II.png
|type          = World
|group         = Ascension Challenge
|requirement   = Reach [[Player Level]] 4 and earn 1,300 [[Player EXP]].
|characters    = Traveler; Prince
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|prev          = Ascension Challenge I
|next          = Ascension Challenge III
|rewards       = Lucky Coin*700;Expert Player Badge*1
}}
'''''Ascension Challenge II''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]]. Win the match to reach [[Player Level]] 5 and become an Expert [[Genius Invokation TCG]] Player.

==Steps==
# Go to The Cat's Tail
# Finish Ascension Challenge duel with Prince
# Talk to Prince

==Gameplay Notes==
{{Genius Invokation TCG Stages/Detailed|noheader=1}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Genius Invokation TCG Society has determined that you are qualified for the Ascension Challenge. Win the Challenge and become an Expert player! We hope you will have fun with Genius Invokation TCG!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Prince)
:{{DIcon}} {{Color|help|I'm here for the Ascension Challenge!}}
::'''Prince:''' Meow... (Hmm? Here for the Ascension Challenge? I see... You are indeed qualified for the challenge. Alright...)
::'''Prince:''' "I'll have Shuyun set up the challenge for you immediately. Do be careful!"
:<small>''(Other options as normal)''</small>
----
;(When the player defeats one of Prince's Character Cards)
:{{A|vo littleprince card upset 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card upset 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card upset 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow meow.
:'''Prince:''' "I should've been more careful."

;(When the player defeats one of Prince's Character Cards)
:{{A|vo littleprince card hard 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card hard 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card hard 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow.
:'''Prince:''' "Well done."

;(When Prince uses an Elemental Burst)
:{{A|vo littleprince card superpower 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card superpower 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card superpower 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow meow.
:'''Prince:''' "Eat this."

;(When Prince defeats one of the player's Character Cards)
:{{A|vo littleprince card happy 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card happy 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card happy 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow...
:'''Prince:''' "That's one opponent down then."
----
;(If the player lost the duel)
:'''Prince:''' Meow... (How unfortunate... Try to be extra careful next time and perhaps make some adjustments to your deck before your next attempt.)
:'''Prince:''' (I believe you are capable of completing this challenge.)

;(If the player won the duel)
:'''Prince:''' Meow! (How wonderful! Congratulations on completing the Ascension Challenge. You're now an Expert player!)
:'''Prince:''' (You are now qualified to challenge more players. By the way, although you could already do it before, let me remind you that you are allowed to post on the invitation board...)
:'''Prince:''' Meow... (This way, whoever wants to challenge you can throw down the gauntlet. A duel without knowing a thing about your opponent can be quite interesting sometimes, don't you think?)
:'''Prince:''' (After all, meeting up for a duel is also an opportunity to hang out.)
:'''Prince:''' Meow! (Ah! Sorry, I digress. Anyway, as an Expert player, you, dear {{Traveler}}, have now gained the privilege to buy some truly amazing-looking cards...)
:'''Prince:''' ({{Traveler}}, don't forget why you started playing in the first place, and may the fun be with you in the world of Genius Invokation TCG!)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ascension Challenge II
|zhs     = 牌手等级突破・二
|zhs_rm  = Páishǒu Děngjí Tūpò - Èr
|zht     = 牌手等級突破・二
|zht_rm  = Páishǒu Děngjí Tūpò - Èr
|zh_tl   = Card Player Rank Breakthrough - 2
|ja      = プレイヤーランク突破・2
|ja_rm   = Pureiyaa Ranku Toppa - Ni
|ja_tl   = Player Rank Breakthrough - 2
|ko      = 플레이어 레벨 돌파・2
|ko_rm   = Peulleieo Rebel Dolpa - I
|ko_tl   = Player Level Ascension - 2
|es      = Ascensión de Nivel de jugador (II)
|es_tl   = Player Level Ascension (II)
|fr      = Défi d'élévation - 2
|fr_tl   = Ascension Challenge - 2
|ru      = Испытание возвышения II
|ru_tl   = Ascension Challenge II
|th      = เลื่อนขั้นเลเวลผู้เล่น - 2
|th_rm   = Lueankhan Lewen Phulen - 2
|th_tl   = Player Level Ascension - 2
|vi      = Đột Phá Cấp Bài Thủ II
|vi_tl   = Card Player Rank Breakthrough II
|de      = Beschwörerstufen-Aufstieg II
|de_tl   = Summoner Level Ascension II
|id      = Tantangan Ascension II
|id_tl   = Ascension Challenge II
|pt      = Desafio de Ascensão II
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yükseltme Mücadelesi II
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sfida d'ascensione II
|it_tl   = Ascension Challenge II
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

[[fr:Défis d'Ascension/Défis d'Ascension : Expert]]
[[ja:プレイヤーランク突破・2]]