{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70669
|image         = World Quest Ascension Challenge IV.png
|type          = World
|group         = Ascension Challenge
|requirement   = Reach [[Player Level]] 9 and earn 2,450 [[Player EXP]].
|characters    = Traveler; Prince
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|prev          = Ascension Challenge III
|rewards       = Lucky Coin*1,500;Legend Player Badge*1
}}
'''''Ascension Challenge IV''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]]. Win the match to reach [[Player Level]] 10 and become a Legend [[Genius Invokation TCG]] Player.

==Steps==
# Go to The Cat's Tail
# Finish Ascension Challenge duel with Prince
# Talk to Prince

==Gameplay Notes==
{{Genius Invokation TCG Stages/Detailed|noheader=1}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Genius Invokation TCG Society has determined that you are qualified for the Ascension Challenge. Win the Challenge and become a Legend player! We hope you will have fun with Genius Invokation TCG!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Prince)
:{{DIcon}} {{Color|help|I'm here for the Ascension Challenge!}}
::'''Prince:''' Meow... (Hmm? Here for the Ascension Challenge? I see... You are indeed qualified for the challenge. Alright...)
::'''Prince:''' "I'll have Shuyun set up the challenge for you immediately. Do be careful!"
:<small>''(Other options as normal)''</small>
----
;(When the player defeats one of Prince's Character Cards)
:{{A|vo littleprince card upset 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card upset 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card upset 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow meow...
:'''Prince:''' "I must admit, I was being too careless..."

;(When the player defeats four of Prince's Character Cards)
:{{A|vo littleprince card hard 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card hard 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card hard 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow!
:'''Prince:''' Extraordinary!

;(When Prince uses an Elemental Burst)
:{{A|vo littleprince card happy 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card happy 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card happy 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow meow.
:'''Prince:''' "Will you be able to take this?"

;(When Prince defeats one of the player's Character Cards)
:{{A|vo littleprince card happy 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card happy 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card happy 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow...
:'''Prince:''' "You'd better be more careful."
----
;(If the player lost the duel)
:'''Prince:''' Meow... (How unfortunate... Try to be extra careful next time and perhaps make some adjustments to your deck before your next attempt.)
:'''Prince:''' (I believe you are capable of completing this challenge.)

;(If the player won the duel)
:'''Prince:''' Meow! (How wonderful! Congratulations on completing the Ascension Challenge. You're now a Legend player!)
:'''Prince:''' Meow... (A Legend player, what an admirable title...)
:'''Prince:''' (I hope you'll keep honing your technique and become a great player who lives up to this grand title!)
:'''Prince:''' (It might be a bit redundant to say this at this point, but still...)
:'''Prince:''' ({{Traveler}}, may the fun be with you in the world of Genius Invokation TCG!)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ascension Challenge IV
|zhs     = 牌手等级突破・四
|zhs_rm  = Páishǒu Děngjí Tūpò - Sì
|zht     = 牌手等級突破・四
|zht_rm  = Páishǒu Děngjí Túpò - Sì
|zh_tl   = Card Player Rank Breakthrough - 4
|ja      = プレイヤーランク突破・4
|ja_rm   = Pureiyaa Ranku Toppa - Yon
|ja_tl   = Player Rank Breakthrough - 4
|ko      = 플레이어 레벨 돌파・4
|ko_rm   = Peulleieo Rebel Dolpa - Sa
|ko_tl   = Player Level Ascension - 4
|es      = Ascensión de Nivel de jugador (IV)
|es_tl   = Player Level Ascension (IV)
|fr      = Défi d'élévation - 4
|fr_tl   = Ascension Challenge - 4
|ru      = Испытание возвышения IV
|ru_tl   = Ascension Challenge IV
|th      = เลื่อนขั้นเลเวลผู้เล่น - 4
|th_rm   = Lueankhan Lewen Phulen - 4
|th_tl   = Player Level Ascension - 4
|vi      = Đột Phá Cấp Bài Thủ IV
|vi_tl   = Card Player Rank Breakthrough IV
|de      = Beschwörerstufen-Aufstieg IV
|de_tl   = Summoner Level Ascension IV
|id      = Tantangan Ascension IV
|id_tl   = Ascension Challenge IV
|pt      = Desafio de Ascensão IV
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yükseltme Mücadelesi IV
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sfida d'ascensione IV
|it_tl   = Ascension Challenge IV
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

[[fr:Défis d'Ascension/Défis d'Ascension : Légendaire]]
[[ja:プレイヤーランク突破・4]]