{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Ascension Challenge I.png
|type          = World
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Reach [[Player Level]] 2 and earn 300 [[Player EXP]].
|characters    = Traveler; Prince
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|next          = Ascension Challenge II
|other         = {{Card|Lucky Coin|500}}{{Card|Advanced Player Badge|1}}
}}
'''''Ascension Challenge I''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]]. Win the match to reach [[Player Level]] 3 and become an Advanced [[Genius Invokation TCG]] Player.

==Steps==
# Go to The Cat's Tail
# Finish Ascension Challenge duel with Prince
# Talk to Prince

==Gameplay Notes==
{{Genius Invokation TCG Stages/Detailed|noheader=1}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Genius Invokation TCG Society has determined that you are qualified for the Ascension Challenge. Win the Challenge and become an Advanced player! We hope you will have fun with Genius Invokation TCG!}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Prince)
:{{DIcon}} {{Color|help|I'm here for the Ascension Challenge!}}
::'''Prince:''' Meow... (Hmm? Here for the Ascension Challenge? I see... You are indeed qualified for the challenge. Alright...)
::'''Prince:''' "I'll have Shuyun set up the challenge for you immediately. Do be careful!"
:<small>''(Other options as normal)''</small>
----
;(When the player defeats one of Prince's Character Cards)
:{{A|vo littleprince card upset 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card upset 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card upset 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow meow.
:'''Prince:''' "That was quite remarkable."

;(When the player defeats two of Prince's Character Cards)
:{{A|vo littleprince card hard 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card hard 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card hard 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow...
:'''Prince:''' "I'm impressed."

;(When Prince uses an Elemental Burst)
:{{A|vo littleprince card superpower 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card superpower 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card superpower 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow meow.
:'''Prince:''' "Let's see how you're gonna deal with this."

;(When Prince defeats one of the player's Character Cards)
:{{A|vo littleprince card happy 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card happy 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card happy 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow...
:'''Prince:''' "Sorry, I meant to go easy on you."
----
;(If the player lost the duel)
:'''Prince:''' Meow... (How unfortunate... Try to be extra careful next time and perhaps make some adjustments to your deck before your next attempt.)
:'''Prince:''' (I believe you are capable of completing this challenge.)

;(If the player won the duel)
:'''Prince:''' Meow! (How wonderful! Congratulations on completing the Ascension Challenge. You're now an Advanced player!)
:'''Prince:''' Meow? (It only takes one challenge to become an Advanced player? Well, since most people play the game only for fun, they don't take it too seriously...)
:'''Prince:''' (In other words, there are only a few people who are serious about the game, but even if it's just for fun, it's worth some serious dedication too.)
:'''Prince:''' Meow! (Ah, yes! Now that you have my recognition, you can also challenge the games set up by the other guys in the tavern. Hmm... they should enjoy your company.)
:{{DIcon}} The other guys?
:'''Prince:''' Meow. (You heard it right. Of course, they, just like me, are cats in this tavern. But they are not to be underestimated.)
:'''Prince:''' Meow~ (Should the time come, Shuyun can hold cards for them. Alright. To honor the tradition, there's one more thing I've got to say!)
:'''Prince:''' ((Traveler), may the fun be with you in the world of Genius Invokation TCG!)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ascension Challenge I
|zhs     = 牌手等级突破・一
|zhs_rm  = Páishǒu Děngjí Tūpò - Yī
|zht     = 牌手等級突破・一
|zht_rm  = Páishǒu Děngjí Tūpò - Yī
|zh_tl   = Card Player Rank Breakthrough - 1
|ja      = プレイヤーランク突破・1
|ja_rm   = Pureiyaa Ranku Toppa - Ichi
|ja_tl   = Player Rank Breakthrough - 1
|ko      = 플레이어 레벨 돌파・1
|ko_rm   = Peulleieo Rebel Dolpa - Il
|ko_tl   = Player Level Ascension - 1
|es      = Ascensión de Nivel de jugador (I)
|es_tl   = Player Level Ascension (I)
|fr      = Défi d'élévation - 1
|fr_tl   = Ascension Challenge - 1
|ru      = Испытание возвышения I
|ru_tl   = Ascension Challenge I
|th      = เลื่อนขั้นเลเวลผู้เล่น - 1
|th_rm   = Lueankhan Lewen Phulen - 1
|th_tl   = Player Level Ascension - 1
|vi      = Đột Phá Cấp Bài Thủ I
|vi_tl   = Card Player Rank Breakthrough I
|de      = Beschwörerstufen-Aufstieg I
|de_tl   = Summoner Level Ascension I
|id      = Tantangan Ascension I
|id_tl   = Ascension Challenge I
|pt      = Desafio de Ascensão I
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yükseltme Mücadelesi I
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sfida d'ascensione I
|it_tl   = Ascension Challenge I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}