{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Ascension Challenge III.png
|type          = World
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Reach [[Player Level]] 6 and earn 1,600 [[Player EXP]].
|characters    = Traveler; Prince
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|prev          = Ascension Challenge II
|next          = Ascension Challenge IV
|other         = {{Card|Lucky Coin|1,000}}{{Card|Master Player Badge|1}}
}}
'''''Ascension Challenge III''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]]. Win the match to reach [[Player Level]] 7 and become a Master [[Genius Invokation TCG]] Player.

==Steps==
# Go to The Cat's Tail
# Finish Ascension Challenge duel with Prince
# Talk to Prince

==Gameplay Notes==
{{Genius Invokation TCG Stages/Detailed|noheader=1}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Genius Invokation TCG Society has determined that you are qualified for the Ascension Challenge. Win the Challenge and become a Master player! We hope you will have fun with Genius Invokation TCG!}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Prince)
:{{DIcon}} {{Color|help|I'm here for the Ascension Challenge!}}
::'''Prince:''' Meow... (Hmm? Here for the Ascension Challenge? I see... You are indeed qualified for the challenge. Alright...)
::'''Prince:''' "I'll have Shuyun set up the challenge for you immediately. Do be careful!"
:<small>''(Other options as normal)''</small>
----
;(When the player defeats one of Prince's Character Cards)
:{{A|vo littleprince card upset 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card upset 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card upset 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow meow...
:'''Prince:''' "How come..."

;(When the player defeats two of Prince's Character Cards)
:{{A|vo littleprince card hard 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card hard 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card hard 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow...
:'''Prince:''' "Hmm, you've grown so much already. How unexpected."

;(When Prince uses an Elemental Burst)
:{{A|vo littleprince card happy 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card happy 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card happy 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow meow.
:'''Prince:''' "No reason to hold back anymore."

;(When Prince defeats one of the player's Character Cards)
:{{A|vo littleprince card happy 01.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card happy 02.ogg}} {{A|vo littleprince card happy 03.ogg}} '''Prince:''' Meow...
:'''Prince:''' "Well... We've only just begun."
----
;(If the player lost the duel)
:'''Prince:''' Meow... (How unfortunate... Try to be extra careful next time and perhaps make some adjustments to your deck before your next attempt.)
:'''Prince:''' (I believe you are capable of completing this challenge.)

;(If the player won the duel)
:'''Prince:''' Meow! (How wonderful! Congratulations on completing the Ascension Challenge. You're now a Master player!)
:'''Prince:''' Meow. (Being a Master player means... that your technique has surpassed that of many people who have been studying the game. Those who don't put in enough effort will never be able to reach such level.)
:'''Prince:''' (Of course, they fail to understand why we would spend so much time on a game that they just play for fun...)
:'''Prince:''' Meow! (Should the players invited by you learn that you have obtained the title of Master, they will surely take games against you more seriously.)
:'''Prince:''' (Perhaps some players are only willing to let you challenge the games set up by them after hearing that you have become a Master player... There are such strange guys in the tavern as well.)
:'''Prince:''' Meow... ((Traveler)...)
:'''Prince:''' (May the fun be with you in the world of Genius Invokation TCG!)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ascension Challenge III
|zhs     = 牌手等级突破・三
|zhs_rm  = Páishǒu Děngjí Tūpò - Sān
|zht     = 牌手等級突破・三
|zht_rm  = Páishǒu Děngjí Túpò - Sān
|zh_tl   = Card Player Rank Breakthrough - 3
|ja      = プレイヤーランク突破・3
|ja_rm   = Pureiyaa Ranku Toppa - San
|ja_tl   = Player Rank Breakthrough - 3
|ko      = 플레이어 레벨 돌파・3
|ko_rm   = Peulleieo Rebel Dolpa - Sam
|ko_tl   = Player Level Ascension - 3
|es      = Ascensión de Nivel de jugador (III)
|es_tl   = Player Level Ascension (III)
|fr      = Défi d'élévation - 3
|fr_tl   = Ascension Challenge - 3
|ru      = Испытание возвышения III
|ru_tl   = Ascension Challenge III
|th      = เลื่อนขั้นเลเวลผู้เล่น - 3
|th_rm   = Lueankhan Lewen Phulen - 3
|th_tl   = Player Level Ascension - 3
|vi      = Đột Phá Cấp Bài Thủ III
|vi_tl   = Card Player Rank Breakthrough III
|de      = Beschwörerstufen-Aufstieg III
|de_tl   = Summoner Level Ascension III
|id      = Tantangan Ascension III
|id_tl   = Ascension Challenge III
|pt      = Desafio de Ascensão III
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yükseltme Mücadelesi III
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sfida d'ascensione III
|it_tl   = Ascension Challenge III
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}