{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73231
|image         = World Quest Asipattravana Itihasa.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Khvarena of Good and Evil
|part          = 2
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Mihir; Paimon; Sorush; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Asipattravana Swamp]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Gavireh Lajavard
|subarea       = 
|prev          = The Splendorous Sky That Day
|concurrent    = Awakening's Real Sound
|next          = As the Khvarena's Light Shows
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Primogem*40;Mora*25,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
}}
'''''Asipattravana Itihasa''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the series [[Khvarena of Good and Evil]].

==Steps==
# Go to Asipattravana Swamp to search for [[Mihir]]
# Follow the floating Khvarena
# Awaken the power of Khvarena and disperse the purple mist
# Follow the floating Khvarena
# Awaken the power of Khvarena and disperse the purple mist
# Follow the floating Khvarena
# Look for Mihir
# Talk to Sorush
# Find a way to disperse the purple mist and save Mihir {{Enemy List|Hydro Abyss Mage;Pyro Hilichurl Shooter*2}}
# Talk to Mihir
# Escort Mihir to the location above {{Enemy List|Hydro Hilichurl Rogue;Hilichurl Shooter*2}}
# Go to the [[Vourukasha Oasis]]
# Talk to Mihir

==Gameplay Notes==
* If the purple mist has already been cleared prior to the quest, Steps 3 to 6 are skipped.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Like a Morning Sun Coming Out of Gloomy Mountains}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You need the help of the [[Pari]] Mihir and Rashnu to obtain the Chaplet. You might be able to find Mihir's trail in Asipattravana Swamp...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
;(If the mist was cleared beforehand)
::'''Paimon:''' Um, uh... Are you sure we're going the right way, Sorush? We seem to have been around these parts before...
;(If the mist was not cleared beforehand)
::'''Paimon:''' Um, uh... Are you sure we're going the right way, Sorush?
:'''Sorush:''' Stop making such disgraceful noises. Would I lead you wrong?
:'''Sorush:''' Hmph. Pale Floater, you could stand to learn from our Yasnapati and {{MC|m=his|f=her}} unflinching calm.
;(If the mist was cleared beforehand)
::{{DIcon}} To be honest, I am somewhat nervous on the inside...
:::'''Paimon:''' That's right! This place still doesn't look safe at all, just like the last time we came here!
::{{DIcon}} It is just some persistent purple mist, that's all.
:::'''Paimon:''' And how is that not annoying enough, huh?
;(If the mist was not cleared beforehand)
::{{DIcon}} To be honest, I am somewhat nervous on the inside...
:::'''Paimon:''' Exactly! Just looking at that big mass of... stuff down there is pretty scary already...
::{{DIcon}} It is just a fluorescent purple mist.
:::'''Paimon:''' But don't you find that pretty suspicious already? Paimon can tell how dangerous it is just by looking!
:'''Sorush:''' Such trivial trials! They pale in comparison to the sacrifice that I must offer up later.
:'''Sorush:''' Ah, I misspeak. You, Pale Floater, are not as bold as my Yasnapati... But perhaps one may consider retreating at the slightest sign of danger a wise choice.
:'''Paimon:''' Right... That's right! {{Traveler}}'s in charge of being brave, while Paimon's in charge of being smart. That's why we make the best of buddies, after all!
:{{DIcon}} Nice going, buddy!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, right? Paimon thinks that was a good rejoinder too!
:'''Sorush:''' ... But I did not give you your title for naught, Yasnapati. Do give praise unto my bravery more, pray.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, {{Traveler}}'s known Paimon longer. When {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s not being your Yasnapati, there's nothing wrong with {{MC|m=him|f=her}} sparing some time to praise Paimon!
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, don't sweat the small stuff, Sorush. You're not really doing anything that especially needs praising right now, are you...
:'''Sorush:''' My great work is not for the present, but the future. Still, at this very moment... you are being given the privilege to witness where it all begins!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, if you say so. Speaking of which, we're here to find...
:'''Sorush:''' Mihir. That foolish familiar of thorns... She must be suffering right now.
;(If the mist was cleared beforehand)
::'''Paimon:''' Huh, Sorush, so the Pari you mentioned about was Mihir? Is she trapped down there? In that case, we've gotta go save her!
::'''Sorush:''' The power of the purple mist you witnessed previously and the demons of Dev stem from the same source. Mihir's task should have been to keep such wicked powers from running rampant upon this earth.
;(If the mist was not cleared beforehand)
::'''Paimon:''' Wait. Is she trapped down there? Then we've got to go save her!
::'''Sorush:''' The power of the purple mist beneath us shares a source with the demons of Dev. Mihir's task should have been to keep such wicked powers from running rampant upon this earth.
:'''Sorush:''' Under the Sign of Apaosha, the powers of the two forces warring here ebb and flow...
:'''Sorush:''' We Pari should be dauntless, willing to fight till we ourselves are torn to shreds... but Mihir? Hah. I shouldn't wonder if she searches for some way to protect herself even now, conducting some loathsome struggle.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait. Aren't you allies? Are you really gonna leave a fellow Pari to her fate like that?
:{{DIcon}} Cold-hearted little Pari.
::'''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon can't tell if you're genuinely scolding her or not!
:{{DIcon}} You wouldn't be unable to rescue your comrade by any chance, would you?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh, maybe you're right. The problem could very well be something not even Sorush can solve.
:{{DIcon}} The [[Aranara]] all help each other out.
:;(After completing {{cx}})
::'''Paimon:''' That's right! They're like a big family, always protecting one another! So you Pari aren't like that, huh...
::'''Sorush:''' The Aranara? Hah. What a carefree breed.
:'''Sorush:''' It is no difficult matter, saving Mihir. Perhaps I might even call it trivial. But we Pari each have our mission, and we also have different... ideals.
:'''Sorush:''' She must've found some position equal in seclusion and defensibility, before using a Gray Gate to seal both the demons and herself in.
:'''Sorush:''' If she could still move freely, aha, she would be like that [[Khvarena]], begging for aid and prostrating herself before all and sundry to earn pity.
:{{DIcon}} Can Khvarena even prostrate themselves?
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe if they try hard enough?
;(If the mist was cleared beforehand)
::'''Sorush:''' You plebeians miss the point. Back to the heart of the matter, we did disperse some purple mist, but their root cause remains unresolved. I doubt that she can hold out for much longer. How pitiful...
;(If the mist was not cleared beforehand)
::'''Sorush:''' You plebeians miss the point. All the same, the state of this place tells me that she shall not hold out long by herself. How pitiful...
:'''Sorush:''' Pah, what a horrible sight. To be as Mihir is, corroded by filth, falling from a spotless to a sinful state, yet desperate to preserve herself... Had the [[Zurvan|Elder]] not bade me come...
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe. So after all that, you do care!
:'''Sorush:''' Hardly! I merely wish to see if that useless fool has any regrets or not. If she turns back to us and accepts our aid, then perhaps I shall spare her a moment or two.
:'''Sorush:''' ...After all, the flower, the star of the songs of praise, shall seem less radiant if the green leaves are not there to serve as its foil.
:'''Sorush:''' The following labor shall be little, but it is still a radiant shard. Yasnapati mine, record it down with a reverent heart, and use even this mote of shattered light to grace your mighty hymn.
:'''Paimon:''' We can talk about the less important stuff later, Sorush. Let's figure out how to disperse that purple mist first!
:'''Sorush:''' "Less important," you say!? *sigh* ...&nbsp;Well, so be it.
;(If the mist was cleared beforehand)
::'''Sorush:''' Mihir's sinful form renders her unable to fulfill her duty, but the thorns remain. So long as I lend them some of my strength, scattering this defilement should cost me but a little effort.
;(If the mist was not cleared beforehand)
::'''Sorush:''' Mihir's sinful form renders her unable to fulfill her duty, but the thorns remain. So long as I lend them some of my strength, it shall only take a brief moment to scatter this purple smoke.
:'''Sorush:''' As for the downward path, let us follow that wandering Khvarena we just saw.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, if Sorush's so sure... Let's try getting closer then!
;(If the mist was not cleared beforehand)
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, right. If you feel uncomfortable, then hold your breath! Well, Paimon isn't all that good at doing that herself... so you'd better make it quick, Sorush!
::'''Sorush:''' Underestimate me not, Pale Floater.

;(Follow the floating Khvarena to the first Purple Mist)
;(If the mist was cleared beforehand)
::'''Paimon:''' Thankfully, we've already cleared this place out. Otherwise, the Khvarena may have gotten lost in the purple mists!
::'''Sorush:''' That's absurd.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmph! You should get out more, Sorush. If you'd been outside, you'd have seen a whooole lot more strange stuff...
::'''Sorush:''' Keep your nonsense to yourself...
;(If the mist was not cleared beforehand)
::'''Paimon:''' Why'd it stop?
::'''Sorush:''' Didn't you see it groveling there? It's begging us to help banish the evil spirits here.
::'''Paimon:''' Then... then what should we do? Sorush, do something!
::'''Sorush:''' This meager matter is nothing to worry about. Though it is not in accordance to my intent, we still {{Color|buzzword|require the aid of the thorns}} at this moment.
:;(After dispersing the purple mist)
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Look out! Looks like something's coming out of the purple mists!
::'''Sorush:''' This is the filth that has long been assailing Mihir. Also long as they are eradicated, the purple mists will scatter.
::'''Sorush:''' The power possessed by the familiar of thorns has waned, but it can still be wielded. The {{Color|buzzword|Nirodha Fruits}} budding upon the thorns are fitting candidates counter the presence of the impurities.
:;(After cleansing one defiled entities)
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa! It actually worked!
::'''Sorush:''' Hah. Of course it did!
:;(After cleansing all defiled entities)
::'''Paimon:''' The purple mists are gone now! We can keep heading forward now, right?
::'''Sorush:''' Correct. Just let the Khvarena guide you.

;(Follow the floating Khvarena to the second Purple Mist)
<!--Progress to the next step without dialogue after the mist is cleared beforehand-->
;(If the mist was not cleared beforehand)
::'''Sorush:''' Hmph, this indolent Khvarena... Yasnapati, stand and behold my capabilities!
::'''Sorush:''' Let me part this violet mist and open a path for the Khvarena.
:;(After dispersing the purple mist)
::'''Paimon:''' Huff... They just keep coming...
::'''Sorush:''' Hmph, if not for Mihir's idleness... Just as before, I shall use the {{Color|buzzword|Nirodha Fruits}} to disperse the filth.
:;(After cleansing all defiled entities)
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa, not a single one was left... You're awesome, Sorush. The thorns that bore those Nirodha Fruits are really powerful too!
::'''Sorush:''' If those thorns delight you so, Pale Floater, then I suggest you just become Mihir's Yasnapati.
::'''Sorush:''' Hmph. She should be hiding behind the Gray Gate, gasping raggedly. Pitiful...
::'''Paimon:''' Then let's go find her! All we need to do is to follow the Khvarena, right?

;(After following the Khvarena)
:'''Sorush:''' Enough talk. Let us proceed. Mihir should be just ahead.
:'''Paimon:''' ...Why does it feel like Sorush is kinda unhappy?

;(Approach the mist)
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, is this Mihir? Is she... stuck? Seems like the purple mist has already made it all the way down here...
:'''Paimon:''' What do we do now, Sorush? Can we just do what we did earlier? Y'know, give some of your power to the thorns and free her?
:'''Sorush:''' Why of course, I shall save her. After all, she does seem so very piteous, infested with corruption and helpless as she is.
:{{DIcon}} This isn't the best time to throw shade on her.
:'''Paimon:''' Exactly! We've got to save her, and quick...
:'''Sorush:''' Yet I have not heard her repent! I shall hear her repudiation of her obduracy and her supplication for my aid...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, come on, are you serious? We don't have time for that kinda talk! Paimon thought you were just speaking in anger...
:{{DIcon}} O valiant, dauntless Lady Sorush, we implore thee!
::'''Paimon:''' Stop playing along with her!
:{{DIcon}} Lovely, invincible Lady Sorush, shall ye not hear my counsel?
::'''Paimon:''' You sure that's gonna work...?
:'''Sorush:''' Well, then... If you, too, say so, my Yasnapati. After all, fulfilling your wishes once in a while is indeed within the purview of one so exalted as I.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh!? Seriously? Paimon wishes you'd listen to her too, Sorush...

;(After the conversation)
:'''Sorush:''' Just use the power of the thorns as we did before. Though this is no great matter, the thought of doing it for Mihir...
:'''Sorush:''' Hmph, she'd better properly thank us later.

;(Activating the thorny branch)
:'''Sorush:''' This filth serves as the spawning bed of many a monster. Be careful, Yasnapati.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon knew this would happen... Anyway, {{Traveler}}, time to kick 'em out!

;(Talk to Mihir)
:'''Paimon:''' Awesome! Are you alright, Mihir?
:'''Sorush:''' Well, I suppose she is alive, if barely, and covered in sin, and weakened to the extent that she may only defend herself...
:{{DIcon}} All thanks to you, great Lady Sorush.
:{{DIcon}} Good thing we arrived early, and had you with us, Sorush.
:'''Mihir:''' Sorush, Sorush... Sorush who took humans for companions. Sorush who lost her way.
:'''Paimon:''' Uhh... It sounds like there's some secret meaning behind her words...
:'''Sorush:''' Do not get near her, lest the defilement that emanates from her touches you...
:'''Sorush:''' It seems that she has not only forgone a heart of gratitude, but has lost much of her intellect, or she would not use such baseless words to reproach me.
:'''Mihir:''' Thank you, Sorush. If not for you and your companions, I would have needed much time to gather my strength...
:'''Mihir:''' And even then, I am unsure if I could have stood against the rising filth on my own.
:'''Mihir:''' [[The Sign of Apaosha]] could be seen all too clearly, even from the bottom of the valley, but thorns can only crawl upon the ground, never to reach the sky &mdash; not even the reflection of the skies on the earth...
:'''Sorush:''' Hmph. Of course. After all, I am the one who is destined to make sacrifices and extinguish the Sign.
:'''Sorush:''' And I must add that {{Traveler}} is no companion of mine, nor is Paimon. {{MC|m=He|f=She}} is my Yasnapati, a willing instrument recording my great work.
:{{DIcon}} Sorush's number one Yasnapati, that's me.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon wants to be number one too! Uh, wait... Why would Paimon wanna fight you to be Sorush's "willing instrument," anyway?
:{{DIcon}} I would call that description a few degrees off reality.
::'''Paimon:''' That's right! We're companions, aren't we?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmmm... Just saving Mihir isn't enough to complete what Zurvan asked us to do, right?
:'''Mihir:''' I see. So you have something to request of me, Sorush.
:'''Sorush:''' What? Have your senses gnarled into tumbleweed during your imprisonment and departed the Temir Mountains into the nameless dunes?
:'''Sorush:''' It is by my magnanimity in not remembering past slights that my Yasnapati has been given leave to record your name within the hymn that sings my praises.
:'''Sorush:''' Your sinful form, stained with defilement, should never otherwise have appeared within those stanzas...
:'''Sorush:''' You should thank me, Mihir. If it was not for our Elder... Ah, whatever. We do this to obtain the Twin-Horned Chaplet. For that reason, you must return with me to the Vourukasha Oasis.
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, Sorush... You keep talking about "stained with defilement" this and "sinful form" that... What do you even mean?
:'''Mihir:''' It is the duty of us familiars of the thorn to prevent defilement from spreading across the earth and guard against its corrosion. But when we battle against the demons of Dev, injury is nigh unavoidable.
:'''Sorush:''' And if you had been shattered in battle with them, that might have been worth a song... But stained as you are, you can hardly be counted as one of us.
:'''Sorush:''' If it were not for my coming to your rescue, you would likely have continued some pathetic struggle here, till the world forgot you, and you utterly faded away.
:'''Mihir:''' Those are the words of the human who has befriended you, Sorush.
:'''Sorush:''' He is no ordinary human. He is the Nasuraia of the [[Order of Skeptics]].
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, so that's how it is...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a matter of wounded pride.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right. Calling someone "sinful" because of that... Mihir, you poor thing!
:'''Mihir:''' To do one's duty is not a pitiable act. Nor is struggling to perform that duty for a while longer shameful.
:'''Sorush:''' Pah! Never mind the matter of our Elder. I have not fallen so low as to require your judgment! Rather, it is you who should thank me for rescuing you!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh come on, Sorush, stop yelling at an injured person! Well... Mihir was wounded in combat, so that counts, right?
:'''Mihir:''' It is alright. Sorush... will understand, or she will never obtain the Twin-Horned Chaplet from Zurvan.
:'''Mihir:''' But as she says, my "sinful" form is unacceptable in the eyes of other Pari. I cannot return to the Vourukasha Oasis in this state...
:'''Sorush:''' Merely perform a cleansing pilgrimage, and it will be well.
:'''Paimon:''' A cleansing pilgrimage? Will that take a long time? Will it be dangerous?
:'''Sorush:''' You need not be so concerned as to the details of Mihir's deeds. After all, there shall be little room for her in the praises that shall be sung of me.
:'''Sorush:''' She knows this road well, but in her weak and helpless state, were she to be attacked along the way, I doubt there will be anything left of her.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, what Paimon's hearing is that things will be fine as long as we escort her. Don't worry, we're very experienced at this sorta thing!

;(After the conversation)
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of that, why didn't you help Mihir earlier, Sorush?
:'''Paimon:''' If you just lent a little power to the thorns, you could've done that even without our help, right?
:'''Mihir:''' This is my duty, not hers.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? But shouldn't you help each other out at times like this?
:'''Mihir:''' Each Pari has their own mission, and just like this cleansing pilgrimage, we must undertake those tasks ourselves.
:'''Mihir:''' Missions and duties... all have someone they belong to, and we cannot allow others to take over completely.

;(While escorting Mihir)
:'''Paimon:''' Yikes! These guys just came out of nowhere...
:'''Sorush:''' Protect feeble Mihir and repel our foes. Though this is but a small challenge, you should still take care, my Yasnapati.
:'''Paimon:''' Piece of cake! This is just a warm-up for {{Traveler}}!

;(Approach the Gray Gate)
:'''Paimon:''' Is this the Gray Gate? We encountered it along the other path as well.
:'''Sorush:''' It seems that it ultimately fails to serve any purpose...

;(Leave the cave)
:'''Paimon:''' We're finally outta there. We can already see the [[Harvisptokhm]]!
:'''Sorush:''' And we can also see the Sign of Apaosha...
:{{DIcon}} We won't be able to relax till we manage to fix the crisis above us.
:'''Paimon:''' That's true, but let's prioritize escorting Mihir on her cleansing pilgrimage so she can regain her spotless form and return to her companions' side.
:'''Paimon:''' But isn't it awful that she's been fighting all this time, but now that she's injured, she can't even go back...
:'''Sorush:''' One who clings to life and self-protection despite being filled with such filth is unworthy of a Yasnapati's chronicle.
:'''Paimon:''' What are you saying, Sorush? Mihir's been fighting all by herself to fulfill her mission all this time... She's been very brave.
:'''Paimon:''' We should remember what she's done and praise her for it!
:'''Sorush:''' Only humans require such things as courage. We Pari have no need of it.
:'''Mihir:''' Sorush speaks the truth. We Pari have known our purpose since birth, and we only live to serve that purpose. We do not require remembrance.
:'''Mihir:''' Perhaps being forgotten might even be for the best.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? But...
:'''Mihir:''' If the day comes when none mention us again, then surely the entire earth must have been purged of all calamity.
:'''Mihir:''' There will be no more sacrifices to be sung of, for there will be no more sufferings to be remembered.
:'''Mihir:''' I believe that that shall be a wonderful day.
:'''Paimon:''' Mihir...
:'''Sorush:''' That day is yet distant. Not before I make the sacrifice that shall extinguish the Sign of Apaosha, at least...
:'''Sorush:''' Let us not waste daylight here. We should complete the cleansing pilgrimage as soon as possible.
:'''Sorush:''' We should not allow this preamble to delay us so... I am the protagonist of this hymn... I alone...
:'''Mihir:''' Thank you for walking this difficult path with me. I believe that the road shall be far smoother ahead. Would you like us to continue on together?
:{{DIcon}} Let's meet again later.
::'''Mihir:''' Yes. You know where to find me.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go together.
::'''Mihir:''' That is also fine by me.
::{{Black Screen|You silently escort Mihir back to the Vourukasha Oasis...}}
----
;(Talk to Mihir)
:'''Paimon:''' We're back! Guess your cleansing pilgrimage is done, huh, Mihir? And that means your "defilement" issues have been solved, right?
:'''Mihir:''' I have indeed completed the cleansing pilgrimage, but it couldn't have been done without your aid.
:'''Mihir:''' The wind and waters here are good, and wondrous energies cycle here. For now, there is no need to worry about the defilement.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, this place sure is better than that valley full of purple mist. It's definitely got that... "soul-purifying" feeling to it.
:'''Mihir:''' Purifying? ...&nbsp;Indeed.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehehe, that was easier than Paimon thought! Now that Mihir's clear of this "defilement," other Pari aren't gonna reject her anymore, right?
:'''Paimon:''' You can finally take a rest after all that trouble you went through, Mihir.
:{{DIcon}} And Sorush is now closer to obtaining the Chaplet as well.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! Everyone wins!
:'''Sorush:''' A fitting end for Mihir, perhaps, but not for me.
:'''Sorush:''' My ending will not be something so ordinary or peaceful... or as insignificant as you are, Pale Floater.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon isn't insignificant! ...&nbsp;Well, not that Paimon's very heavy or anything either!
:'''Sorush:''' My end shall be glorious, radiant, like that of the divine bird [[Simurgh]]. I shall split into infinite motes of Khvarena, cleansing the world of its impurity...
:'''Sorush:''' That which Mihir has done cannot be compared to what I shall yet accomplish.
:'''Mihir:''' Yet there was only one Simurgh, and there is only one Sorush.
:{{DIcon}} There's no need to imitate others.
::'''Sorush:''' My Yasnapati, it is clear that you do not understand Simurgh's greatness. Nor do you rate the tragic vow and resolve of us Pari as you should.
:{{DIcon}} There has to be a way that doesn't involve sacrifice.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks so too! You don't have to be in such a hurry to sacrifice yourself! We can think of something else together!
:'''Sorush:''' You speak but empty words, born of your witlessness. My mind is made up, my heart set. I will not be moved.
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, Paimon doesn't get Sorush at all. Why does she insist on sacrificing herself to deal with the Sign? And why is she so cold to Mihir?
:{{DIcon}} Well, the way things look right now, Mihir's the one with deeds to her name.
::'''Paimon:''' So what you're saying is that Sorush hasn't done anything yet? Hmm, if you think about it, Mihir has been doing her best to protect the land from corruption, but Sorush...
::{{DIcon}} I'd say she's pretty anxious about that.
:{{DIcon}} It's because Sorush's work is not yet complete.
::'''Paimon:''' That's true. We don't know if we'll be able to obtain the Twin-Horned Chaplet yet, never mind extinguish the Sign of Apaosha... So she's worried that she's falling behind Mihir?
::{{DIcon}} I'd say she's pretty anxious about that.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon kinda gets it now! Sorush's worried that if we praise Mihir, we won't do the same for her afterward, so she wants to do something even greater...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, come on! Isn't she just afraid that Mihir will steal her Yasnapati?
:'''Paimon:''' She doesn't need to worry about that. We're born flatterers, aren't we, {{Traveler}}?
:'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon think... Let's put four lines of praise for Sorush in that hymn or whatever she's always going on about, and two for Mihir. That way, everyone wins! Hehe.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* {{Lang|''Asipatravana''|sa=असिपत्रवन}}, meaning "forest where leaves are swords," is one of the 28 Hells found in {{w|Naraka (Hinduism)|''Naraka''}}, the Hindu equivalent of Hell. It is a Hell for those who cut down forests and trees without reason.
** This name was likely chosen because this quest revolves around the Pari Mihir, known as a familiar of thorns.
* {{Lang|''Itihāsa''|{{w|Itihasa}}|sa=इतिहास}} refers to the collection of written descriptions of important events in Hinduism.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Asipattravana Itihasa
|zhs      = 锋刃林游增记
|zhs_rm   = Fēngrén Línyóu Zēngjì
|zht      = 鋒刃林遊增記
|zht_rm   = Fēngrén Línyóu Zēngjì
|zh_tl    = Addendum to the Blade Forest Tour
|ja       = アシパトラ・ヴァナ・イティハーサ
|ja_rm    = Ashipatora-vana - Itihaasa
|ja_tl    = Asipattravana {{w|Itihasa}}
|ko       = 아시파트라바나 여행기
|ko_tl    = Asipattravana Travel Notes
|es       = Crónicas de Asipattravana
|es_tl    = Chronicles of Asipattravana
|fr       = Itihâsa de l'asipattravana
|fr_tl    = Itihasa of the Asipattravana
|ru       = Итихаса Асипаттраваны
|ru_tl    = Asipattravana Itihasa
|th       = บันทึกเหตุอสิปัตตวน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Văn Kiện Asipattravana
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Asipattravana Itihasa
|id       = Asipattravana Itihasa
|pt       = Asipattravana Itihasa
|tr       = Asipattravana Itihasa
|it       = Asipattravana Itihasa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}