Version ?{{verify|no later than Version 3.1}}
* The "Moment of Life or Death" cutscene's [[Travel Log]] summary was updated.
** {{Color|Old summary:}} {{Color|menu|Yelan and Xiao activate the arcane formation and it gradually lights up. Xiao sustains the formation from within while Yelan protects everyone else, fending off the dark shadows drawn to your location. High above you, the formation opens a path of light. When the party is too exhausted to drive away the shadows, a familiar power intervenes and sends you above ground. The owner of this power leaves after seeing that you are all safe.}}<br /><br />{{Color|New summary:}} {{Color|menu|Yelan and Xiao activate the compass together. Then, Xiao enters the formation to maintain its energy flow while Yelan wards off the ominous shadows drawn by the changes. Amidst the fight, a piece of memory resurfaces in your mind and seems to evoke a foggy image of something. Xiao, too, recalls the meeting with Zhongli before his departure.<br />With an increasing amount of energy channeled into the formation, it opens up a path but also plunges you into danger. Blurry, shadowy figures, which are formed from an unknown and ominous power, launch wave after wave of attacks. Knowing that time is running out, Xiao drains the last ounce of his energy to send everyone out — except himself, who falls into the darkness in exhaustion. At this dire moment, a bolt of energy brings Xiao out of danger as if by miracle, but none seem to know who the mysterious savior is. Meanwhile, far away on the top of The Chasm, someone leaves quietly.}}
----
[[Version 2.7]]
* At Tunnel's End, Light was released.
<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>