{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Atefeh.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Mondstadt
|affiliation      = 
|title            = Traveling Merchant

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Atefeh''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in ''[[Alchemical Ascension]]''.

==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
Atefeh has light brown hair and eyes, as well as a subtle red toned makeup. Her clothes are that of Sumeru fashion and are in tones of light brown, white and dark purple, which she pairs with gold jewelry, sandals, and a large backpack.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Dialogue==
===Dialogue Set #1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Atefeh:''' So, Are you ready to make more Mora with me?
:;(Opens the [[Alchemical Ascension/Selling Potions|Distributors]] interface)
:{{DIcon|Distributors}} Check potion requirements...
::'''Atefeh:''' According to my keen market sense, these are the kinds of potions that are currently in demand.
::{{Black Screen|After taking invetory of the potions, Atefeh shoulders her bag and leaves...<br>She will return to the store after one operation cycle and bring the sales results with her.}}
:{{DIcon}} Maybe later...
::'''Atefeh:''' Hmm, okay. But don't wait too long. When it comes to making Mora, you've got to strike while the iron is hot!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Dialogue Set #2===
''Available after completion of a cycle.''
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Atefeh:''' Hello there. The potions from earlier have sold out.
:'''Atefeh:''' I've organized the sales data for you. Feel free to have a look.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Atefeh:''' Let's skip right to talking about this deal, shall we?
:;(Opens the Distributors interface)
:{{DIcon|Distributors}} Check potion requirements...
::'''Atefeh:''' According to my keen market sense, these are the kinds of potions that are currently in demand.
::{{Black Screen|After taking invetory of the potions, Atefeh shoulders her bag and leaves...<br>She will return to the store after one operation cycle and bring the sales results with her.}}
:{{DIcon}} Maybe later...
::'''Atefeh:''' Hmm, okay. But don't wait too long. When it comes to making Mora, you've got to strike while the iron is hot!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Atefeh
|zhs     = 阿泰菲
|zhs_rm  = Ātàifēi
|zht     = 阿泰菲
|zht_rm  = Ātàifēi
|ja      = アテフェ
|ja_rm   = Atefe
|ko      = 아텝
|es      = Atefeh
|fr      = Atefeh
|ru      = Атефа
|th      = Atefeh
|vi      = Atefeh
|de      = Atefeh
|id      = Atefeh
|pt      = Atefeh
|tr      = Atefeh
|it      = Atefeh
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Atefeh]]