{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{About|the Fontaine NPC|the Mondstadt NPC|Athos (Mondstadt)}}
{{Character Infobox
|name             = Athos
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = Athos (Fontaine).webp
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Athos''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Leroy: Firing Squad}}, and following quests.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
In the past, Athos was the owner of his own grocery store, which sold various vegetables, kitchenware and sewing materials. He was eventually targeted by [[Brandt]], who used underhanded methods to destroy both his business and his life. In retaliation, Athos confronted Brandt and stabbed him to death, dumping his corpse in [[Salacia Plain]]. This act appeared to have angered another party, which caused Athos go to into hiding as a warrant was placed for his arrest, where he left behind a [[Athos's Confession|confession note]] that ended up inside a [[Huge Shell]] in the [[Morte Region]], along with treasure near [[Lumidouce Harbor]].

Eventually, Athos had a relationship with [[Morticia|Autumn]] (though implied to be fake) and learned of her adoptive father, [[Benoit Leroy]], who had been exploiting her and was now doing the same to [[Molli]], who was Morticia's missing daughter. The two then decided to enact their own form of justice as vigilantes, running into the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]], which complicated their plot to kill him. Eventually, the Traveler and Paimon would learn the entire truth, which Athos was aware of as he had trailed them into [[Court of Fontaine: Fleuve Cendre|Fleuve Cendre]], telling them not to pick sides until they had the whole picture. They soon learned that Benoit was trying to use the Traveler and Paimon to save his own life, and confronted him at the spot where he used to visit Autumn.

The Traveler and Paimon soon arrive onto the scene, where they could either let the two enact their revenge or assist Benoit. If they let the pair enact revenge, Athos and Morticia drag Benoit away to a hidden location and kill him, before returning to the Traveler and Paimon. He jokingly states that they could report them to the [[Maison Gardiennage]] due to the warrants on both of them, but if they did, their friends would not forget. When the Traveler told him they would not report them, Athos gave them a special [[Rainbow Rose]], telling them that it signifies that they would not go back on their word with the warrant before leaving. The following day, Benoit's house is put on sale, and Athos and Autumn run into the Traveler again. At the same time, Molli also arrives, and the two realize that Molli was who they were looking for. After a few questions regarding her parents, Autumn decides to remain in the Court of Fontaine a while longer and hands the Traveler the [[Autumn's Gift|music box]] she had intended for Molli before they leave.

If the Traveler chose to defend Benoit, Athos accuses Benoit of exploiting Morticia's heart and the Traveler of being a "self-righteous suck-up", though he backs off from doing anything due to their presence. He warns Benoit that there were others interested in him and wonders how long he would last before Benoit flees. He then leaves with Autumn. The following day, Benoit's house is put on sale, and the Traveler and Paimon run into Molli, who tells them that she ran into Athos and Autumn earlier. She also tells them that Benoit had fallen to his death after climbing a mountain, implying that Athos or one of the other interested parties quickly caught up to and killed Benoit.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Athos
|zhs     = 阿托斯
|zhs_rm  = Ātuōsī
|zht     = 阿托斯
|zht_rm  = Ātuōsī
|ja      = アトーズ
|ja_rm   = Atoozu
|ko      = 아토스
|es      = Atos
|fr      = Athos
|ru      = Атос
|th      = Athos
|vi      = Athos
|de      = Athos
|id      = Athos
|pt      = Atos
|tr      = Athos
|it      = Athos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3|introduced=4.2}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->