{{Constellation Infobox
|image       = Constellation Atmospheric Revolution.png
|description = Elemental Skills and Elemental Bursts cast within the Frost Field created by [[Spirit Blade: Chonghua's Layered Frost]] have their [[CD]] time decreased by 15%.
|utility1    = Cooldown Reduction
|level       = 2
|character   = Chongyun
}}
'''Atmospheric Revolution''' is [[Chongyun]]'s [[Level 2 Constellation]].

==Gameplay Notes==
* Some common cooldowns and how much they're affected by this Constellation are:
** 6 seconds becomes 5.1 seconds.
** 10 seconds becomes 8.5 seconds.
** 12 seconds becomes 10.2 seconds.
** 15 seconds becomes 12.75 seconds.
** 20 seconds becomes 17 seconds.
* Note that Elemental Skills with multiple charges, such as [[Lemniscatic Wind Cycling]], track cooldowns for each charge; they have independent cooldowns.
*The constellation actually reduces the cooldowns for a character while the infusion effect of [[Spirit Blade: Chonghua's Layered Frost]] would be active. This still applies to Bow and Catalyst users. ''(see bugs below for full details)''

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Atmospheric Revolution
|zhs     = 周天运转
|zhs_rm  = Zhōu Tiān Yùnzhuǎn
|zht     = 周天運轉
|zht_rm  = Zhōu Tiān Yùnzhuǎn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 周天の回転
|ja_rm   = Shuuten no Kaiten
|ja_note = Revolution in this context means the revolution of the Earth.
|ja_tl   = Revolution Spin
|ko      = 주천 운기
|ko_rm   = Jucheon Ungi
|ko_tl   = Revolution Cloud Movement
|es      = Revolución atmosférica
|es_tl   = Atmospheric Revolution
|fr      = Révolution astrale
|fr_tl   = Astral Revolution
|ru      = Циркуляция воздуха
|ru_tl   = Atmospheric Circulation
|th      = Atmospheric Revolution
|vi      = Nghịch Chuyển Đất Trời
|vi_tl   = Reversing the Earth and Sky
|de      = Bewegungen des Sternenzelts
|de_tl   = Movements of the Star Tent
|id      = Atmospheric Revolution
|pt      = Revolução Atmosférica
|pt_tl   = Atmospheric Revolution
|tr      = Devrim Çarkı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Rivoluzione atmosferica
|it_tl   = Atmospheric Revolution
}}

==Bugs==
* This constellation '''<u>does not</u>''' reduce the cooldown of a Skills or Bursts '''''<u>cast</u>''''' within the Frost Field as stated. Instead, a cooldown will be reduced '''''if the cooldown timer starts while the infusion granted by [[Spirit Blade: Chonghua's Layered Frost]] would be active on the character using their skill''''' (this will still apply to characters that use Catalysts and Bows.) As such, casting a Skill or Burst (that may not have an immediate cooldown) while the infusion would be active, such as Yelan's [[Lingering Lifeline]], but then exting the field for more than the infusion duration will cause the ability to have the full cooldown despite using the initial cast while infused.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Navbox|Chongyun}}

[[fr:Révolution astrale]]
[[pt-br:Revolução Atmosférica]]
[[ru:Циркуляция воздуха]]
[[th:Atmospheric Revolution]]
[[vi:Nghịch Chuyển Đất Trời]]