{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23002
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Attaché in Another Land.png
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|requirement   = Completed [[Tatara Tales: The Last Act]]
|other         = *Grants the achievement ''[[It's My Job.]]'' if more than 5 Mushrooms are collected
*AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Hanbei;Paimon;Traveler
|npc           = Hanbei
}}
'''''Attaché in Another Land''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Hanbei]]
# Go pick mushrooms
# Pick mushrooms (0/5)
# Bring the mushrooms to Hanbei
# Talk to Hanbei

==Gameplay Notes==
* Picking more than five mushrooms awards the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[["It's My Job."]]''

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A foreign attaché from Inazuma is hard at work...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Hanbei, optional)
:'''Hanbei:''' (I have to pick mushrooms very carefully.)

;(If the commission has not been completed before)
::'''Hanbei:''' The mushrooms here don't look too bad. I'll put them on my shopping list...
::'''Paimon:''' Hanbei? Now that's a familiar name. Paimon's sure we've heard that one somewhere...
::{{DIcon}} ...Was it the guy at Tatarasuna?
::{{DIcon}} [[Toranosuke]] and [[Yousuke]] both mentioned him...
::'''Paimon:''' Yikes! He's the guy who made a complete mess of the [[Mikage Furnace]]!
::{{DIcon}} I think he's here as a foreign attaché...
::{{DIcon}} I think he's here for the mushrooms...
::'''Paimon:''' So he really is here in Sumeru. Paimon thought that whole foreign attaché thing was just a joke...
::'''Hanbei:''' Eh? {{MC|m=Blond|f=Blonde}} hair... and a small flying thing...
::'''Hanbei:''' Are you the Traveler?
::{{DIcon}} That's right.
::{{DIcon}} This is Paimon...
:::'''Paimon:''' Paimon's Paimon! Not some "small flying thing"!
::'''Hanbei:''' Haha, so it really is you. Yousuke's letter mentioned how you helped Mr. Xavier deal with the Mikage Furnace.
::'''Hanbei:''' *sigh* I feel so ashamed. I was tied up with administrative work when the two of you were fixing the Mikage Furnace.
::{{DIcon}} Is administrative work really more important than the Mikage Furnace...
::'''Paimon:''' You've got your priorities all wrong!
::'''Hanbei:''' The Mikage Furnace's maintenance wouldn't have progressed so smoothly without administrative work, you know.
::'''Hanbei:''' I was evacuating the people nearby, prepping the materials for repairs, redirecting the appropriate manpower, and even coordinating production...
::'''Hanbei:''' All these things would have been a complete mess without administrative support.
::{{DIcon}} It's just like Toranosuke said...
::'''Paimon:''' You live up to your reputation...
::'''Hanbei:''' Toranosuke... That man has such blatant disregard for administrative work. I always end up with extra work when working with him.
::'''Hanbei:''' But I'm not in charge of the Mikage Furnace anymore. I'm serving as foreign attaché in Sumeru now, and I manage the mushroom trade.
::'''Hanbei:''' Ah, Traveler, I've heard about your deeds from Yousuke, and I do believe that you are a truly reliable person.
::'''Hanbei:''' If you don't mind, could you help me with something?
::'''Hanbei:''' I've been searching for a reliable mushroom supplier, and I've met with many merchants here.
::'''Hanbei:''' But they always select only their best to put on display...
::'''Hanbei:''' I think a visit to their farms is necessary to assess the quality of their supply.
::'''Hanbei:''' But as you can see, I have no experience in conducting surveys in the wild. And I don't think I'll make it out of the forest alive if I go alone.
::'''Hanbei:''' So, I would like you to help me go there and gather some mushrooms...
::{{DIcon}} Well, I can do that...
::{{DIcon}} Let's talk about payment first...
::'''Hanbei:''' You'll do it? Wonderful! Don't worry about your payment, I've even prepared the contract documentation.
::'''Hanbei:''' Take a look at this. Yes, this document. This is your hiring contract, compensation breakdown, and a disclosure and confidentiality agreement. Oh, I almost forgot, here's a map of the mushroom farm...
::'''You are exhausted after carefully looking through all the documents with Hanbei...'''
::'''Hanbei:''' Good, now you're fully informed. I'll be sending a report to the Shogunate, and we can finalize everything once I have the Shogunate's approval.
::'''Hanbei:''' But I'll pay you out of my own pocket until then. After all, I can't delay this any longer.
::'''Hanbei:''' Of course, I'll be filing the necessary documents for this as well. Your compensation does come with tax implications.
::{{DIcon}} I... I'm going to gather mushrooms now!
::'''Hanbei:''' Eh? Oh... I'll leave it to you then.
::'''Paimon:''' We won't get caught up in some trouble again, right?
::{{DIcon}} We won't if I keep an eye on him.
:::'''Paimon:''' Really? Okay, you do have a point...
::{{DIcon}} I wonder what kind of trouble he'll cause this time.
:::'''Paimon:''' Hey! If that really happens, we won't have anyone to help us out here!
::'''Hanbei:''' Eh? Why do you look so doubtful... Don't you worry, I've made very thorough preparations, so there won't be any issues during this process.
::'''Paimon:''' We're not talking about that kind of trouble... *sigh* Let's just get his mushrooms for him, shall we?
;(If the commission has been completed before)
::'''Hanbei:''' This merchant's mushroom supply doesn't look very reliable either...
::'''Paimon:''' Why does he look so troubled? Has he gotten himself into some kind of trouble again?
::'''Hanbei:''' Traveler, you're here. The quality of the mushrooms you gathered was really good.
::'''Hanbei:''' Can I ask you to gather more for me? I plan to compare them with the mushrooms from other suppliers.
::{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:::'''Hanbei:''' Thank you.
::{{DIcon}} How many suppliers have you met with?
:::'''Hanbei:''' Um, five or six, but their supply doesn't seem very reliable, which makes me feel rather uneasy.
:::'''Hanbei:''' I'll look for other suppliers, and I'll leave the mushroom gathering to you.
----
;(Approach the mushroom picking area)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the mushroom farm. Let's look around.

;(After picking 5 mushrooms)
:'''Paimon:''' These mushrooms should be enough, right? Let's take them back to Hanbei.
----
;(Talk to Hanbei)
:'''Hanbei:''' So, did you manage to gather the mushrooms?
:;(Submit [[Freshly-Picked Mushroom]] ×5)
:'''Hanbei:''' Wonderful. This is plenty. They look pretty good too...
;(If only five mushrooms were gathered)
::'''Hanbei:''' Here's your payment, thanks for the help.
::{{DIcon}} Is this before or after taxes?
::'''Hanbei:''' After taxes, of course. Don't worry, I wouldn't make you go all the way back to Inazuma just to pay for overdue taxes.
::'''Hanbei:''' But I can't guarantee there haven't been any changes to the Shogunate's tax policies...
;(If more than five mushrooms were gathered)
::{{DIcon}} I gathered some extra mushrooms.
::'''Hanbei:''' Haha, that's great! Please give them to me too. I'll count them into your payment calculations.
::'''Hanbei:''' Here's your payment, thanks for the help.
::{{DIcon}} Is this before or after taxes?
::'''Hanbei:''' After taxes. Don't worry, I wouldn't make you go all the way back to Inazuma just to pay for overdue taxes.
::'''Hanbei:''' That said, I can't guarantee there haven't been any changes to the Shogunate's tax policies since...
:'''Hanbei:''' Hmm... I should write a letter to Yousuke regarding this matter.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/NGKDvbtLPxA
|caption1 = Attaché in Another Land "It's My Job" Achievement.

|video2   = https://youtu.be/k5nfMinn0UI
|caption2 = It's My Job Achievement (Attaché in Another Land commission)

|video3   = https://youtu.be/nfCGi9GyGGw
|caption3 = Attaché in Another Land: It's My Job Achievement

}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Attaché in Another Land
|zhs     = 御用在他乡
|zhs_rm  = Yùyòng zài Tāxiāng
|zht     = 御用在他鄉
|zht_rm  = Yùyòng zài Tāxiāng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 異国の御用掛
|ja_rm   = Ikoku no Goyoukake
|ja_tl   = Business of A Foreign Country
|ko      = 타향으로 향한 어용
|ko_rm   = Tahyang-euro Hyanghan Eoyong
|ko_tl   = Government Service Toward Foreign Land
|es      = Trabajando lejos de casa
|es_tl   = Working Far From Home
|fr      = Attaché en pays étranger
|fr_tl   = Attaché in Foreign Land
|ru      = Атташе на чужбине
|ru_tl   = Attaché in Another Land
|th      = ทูตในต่างแดน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sứ Giả Ở Đất Khách
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Attaché in der Fremde
|de_tl   = Attaché in the Outland
|id      = Atase di Negeri Lain
|id_tl   = Attaché in Another Country
|pt      = Adido em Outra Terra
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Başka Bir Diyarda Ataşe
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Diplomatico in terra straniera
|it_tl   = Diplomatic in Foreign Land
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru}}