{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Attribute Attack.png
|type         = Attributes
|type2        = Combat
|type3        = Game Systems
}}
'''Attack''', abbreviated in-game as '''ATK''', is an attribute used to calculate how much [[damage]] a character (or enemy) does. All forms of damage calculation except specific [[Elemental Reactions]] scale linearly with ATK.

The total ATK formula is:<ref>HoYoLAB: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/14696 Attack power mechanics translated] (Also tested during Global CBT3)</ref>

:<math>\text{ATK} = \big[(\text{ATK}_\text{Character} + \text{ATK}_\text{Weapon})\times(1 + \% \text{ ATK Bonus})\big]+\text{ATK Flat Bonus}</math>

Where:

* <math>{\textstyle \text{ATK}}</math> is the character's final attack value, which can be viewed from the character's attributes screen.
* <math>{\textstyle \text{ATK}_\text{Character}}</math> is the <u>flat</u> attack value the character receives from leveling up and [[Character Ascensions|ascension]]s.
*<math>{\textstyle \text{ATK}_\text{Weapon}}</math> is the weapon's <u>flat</u> attack value.
*<math>{\textstyle \% \text{ATK Bonus}}</math> is the sum of ATK% bonuses obtained from all sources, including buffs from artifacts, weapon passives, skills, character ascensions, etc. Note ATK % is different from [[Damage Bonus]] (DMG %).
* <math>{\textstyle \text{ATK Flat Bonus}}</math> is the <u>flat</u> attack value obtained from artifacts, skills, food, etc.

In the Attribute menu screen, the base ATK (Character + Weapon ATK) of a character appears in white whereas all other ATK bonuses appear in green.

==Ascension==
{{Characters by Ascension Stat Table|ATK}}

==Increasing ATK==
===Elemental Resonance===
{{Main|Elemental Resonance}}

The {{Element|Pyro|24}} [[Fervent Flames]] Elemental Resonance increases ATK by 25%.

===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|ATK Increase Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|ATK Increase Constellations}}

===Artifacts===
{{Artifacts by Category Table|ATK Increase Artifacts}}

===Weapons===
====Substat====
The following weapons have ATK as a substat.
{{Weapons by Category Table|ATK Substat Weapons}}

====Passives====
The following weapons have ATK as a part of their passive effect.
{{Weapons by Category Table|ATK Passive Weapons}}

==Increasing Party ATK==
===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Party ATK Increase Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|Party ATK Increase Constellations}}

===Artifacts===
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Party ATK Increase Artifacts}}

===Weapons===
{{Weapons by Category Table|Party ATK Increase Passive Weapons}}

==ATK Scaling Abilities==
===ATK Scaling Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|ATK Scaling Talents|collapsible=1}}

===ATK Scaling Constellations===
These constellations scale with the character's ATK.

{{Constellations by Category Table|ATK Scaling Constellations}}

==Enemies==
===Attack Decrease===
The following abilities can decrease the ATK of enemies.
{{Talents by Category Table|ATK Decrease Talents}}

{{Constellations by Category Table|ATK Decrease Constellations}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = {{tt|ATK|Attack}}
|zhs     = 攻击力
|zhs_rm  = Gōngjí-lì
|zht     = 攻擊力
|zht_rm  = Gōngjí-lì
|zh_tl   = Attack Power
|ja      = 攻撃力
|ja_rm   = Kougeki-ryoku
|ja_tl   = Attack Power
|ko      = {{tt|공격력|攻擊力}}
|ko_rm   = Gonggyeok-ryeok
|ko_tl   = Attack Power
|es      = {{tt|ATQ|Ataque}}
|es_tl   = {{tt|ATK|Attack}}
|fr      = {{tt|ATQ|Attaque}}
|fr_tl   = {{tt|ATK|Attack}}
|ru      = Сила атаки
|ru_tl   = Attack Power
|th      = พลังโจมตี
|th_rm   = Phlang Chomti
|th_tl   = Attack Power
|vi      = Tấn Công
|vi_tl   = Attack
|de      = {{tt|ANG|Angriff}}
|de_tl   = {{tt|ATK|Attack}}
|id      = ATK
|pt      = {{tt|ATQ|Ataque}}
|pt_tl   = {{tt|ATK|Attack}}
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|1}}

==Navigation==
{{Attribute Navbox}}
{{Combat Navbox|state=collapsed}}