{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Attributes
|type2        = Combat
|type3        = Game Systems
}}
'''Attack Speed''', abbreviated '''ATK SPD''' in in-game description is a modifier that alters the speed of a character's attacks.

Attack Speed bonuses come from both characters and weapons, and can be triggered by a variety of effects. Increases in attack speed will increase the DPS of the corresponding attacks, in a multiplicative way in addition to other [[Damage]] based bonuses. Effects that "increase Attack Speed" increase the speed of [[Normal Attacks]]. Unless it is also stated elsewhere that they can increase Charged ATK SPD, these effects usually only affect Normal Attacks.<ref>{{Ref/Loading|Combat}}</ref>

[[Movement Speed]] does not increase attack speed (or vice versa).

==Characters==
Several characters can gain attack speed through their talents and constellations.

===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|ATK SPD Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|ATK SPD Constellations}}

== Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|ATK SPD Passive Weapons}}

==Other==
Some [[Ley Line Disorders]] alter Attack speed.

==Notes==
*There may be a cap at around +63% above which no further increases are effective.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/NjgtoPhe-io attack speed cap in genshin? - razor attack speed comparison and experiment]</ref>
* There are several tactics for animation cancellation that effectively increase attack speed. These include jump and dash at the end of attack chains.

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Attribute Navbox}}

[[Category:ATK SPD| ]]