{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Combat
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Attributes''' (more commonly known as '''Stats''') govern the combat and exploration in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''. They affect aspects such as how often the player is able to use their [[character]]s' abilities, how powerful they will be, and their survivability. Attributes can be grouped into 4 categories: Basic, Advanced, Elemental, and Hidden.

'''Basic Stats''' are stats that players can easily increase with the main stat of a [[weapon]] or [[artifact]]. [[Stamina]] is however an exception since it can only be increased by offering [[Oculi]] to an [[Anemo]] or [[Geo]] [[Statue of The Seven]]. '''Advanced Stats''' and '''Hidden Stats''' are rarer and may only be increased (or decreased) by effects like a weapon's passive, an artifact set bonus, or certain buffs/debuffs like [[Ley Line Disorders]] in [[Domains]], [[Blessings of the Abyssal Moon]] in [[Spiral Abyss]], or [[Elemental Resonance]].

'''Elemental Type''' gives an overview of how much damage bonus and resistance is associated with the seven [[Elements]] and [[Physical]] damage. Notably damage bonuses can be gained from artifacts like Basic Stats, while resistances behave more like Advanced Stats.

Most attributes have {{w|integer}} values. It is also possible to have negative attributes as well (such as -100.0% CRIT Rate); however, negative attributes will be rounded to zero during most calculations.

Basic Stats, Advanced Stats, and Elemental Type are visible in-game within a character's "Details" menu (although they are grouped under "Base" and "Advanced" categories), while Hidden Stats are not. Stat modifications that only apply against certain enemies, such as [[Cryo Resonance]], as well as stat modifications that only apply to certain types of damage, such as [[Kujou Sara]]'s Constellation Level 6 [[Sin of Pride]], do not appear in the "Details" menu.

==Basic Stats==
{{See also|Character Comparison}}
==={{Attribute|Health|40}} Health===
{{Main|Health}}
Health is the amount of damage a character is able to take before being KO'd.

==={{Attribute|Attack|40}} Attack===
{{main|Attack}}
Attack, abbreviated in-game as ATK, is used to calculate how much damage your character does. All forms of damage calculation except specific [[Elemental Reactions]] scale linearly with ATK.

==={{Attribute|Defense|40}} Defense===
{{main|Defense}}
Defense, abbreviated in-game as DEF, is a measure of how much incoming damage is reduced. The higher your defense, the less damage you take from attacks. Defense can be increased by raising your character level, or equipping [[artifacts]] or [[weapons]] that provide defense or defense % increase. Additionally, some characters such as [[Noelle]] have talents that increase defense. Finally, there are [[food]] items that provide a temporary defense boost when consumed.

==={{Attribute|Elemental Mastery|40}} Elemental Mastery===
{{main|Elemental Mastery}}
Elemental Mastery is a measure of how powerful [[Elemental Reactions]] created by your character will be. These reactions are [[Vaporize]], [[Melt]], [[Overloaded]], [[Superconduct]], [[Electro-Charged]], [[Shattered]], [[Swirl]], and [[Crystallize]].

The attribute can be increased by equipping [[artifacts]] or [[weapons]] that provide a bonus to Elemental Mastery. Additionally, some characters, such as [[Lisa]], gain Elemental Mastery by raising their character level.

*Increases damage caused by Vaporize and Melt by '''X'''.
*Increases damage caused by Overload, Superconduct, Electro-Charged, Shattered, and Swirl by '''Y'''.
*Increases the damage absorption power of shields created through Crystallize by '''Z'''.
*Where '''X''', '''Y''', and '''Z''' are:
**<math>\text{X} = 2.78 \times \frac{\text{EM}}{\text{EM} + 1400}</math>
**<math>\text{Y} = 16 \times \frac{\text{EM}}{\text{EM} + 2000}</math>
**<math>\text{Z} = 4.44 \times \frac{\text{EM}}{\text{EM} + 1400}</math>

The damage of Overload/Superconduct/Electro-Charged/Shattered/Swirl and shields from Crystallize also depend on the level of the character triggering the reaction.<br />
Vaporize and Melt multiply the damage of the attack that proc this effect.

==={{Attribute|Stamina|40}} Stamina===
{{Main|Stamina}}
Stamina is a measure of how much physical exertion your character can expend before needing to rest. It is consumed by performing heavy attacks, dodging, sprinting, climbing, and gliding. Stamina is restored automatically and gradually when your character stops consuming it for a short time. Additionally, you can consume [[food]] that restores stamina. You can increase your maximum stamina by finding [[Anemoculus]] and [[Geoculus]] and offering them in worship to their respective [[Statue of the Seven]].

There are also ways to reduce [[#Stamina Consumption|stamina consumption]] of some or all actions that require it.

==Advanced Stats==
==={{Attribute|Critical Hit|40}} Critical Rate===
{{main|Critical Hit}}
Critical Rate is abbreviated in game as CRIT Rate and commonly known as Crit Chance. This attribute, expressed as a percentage, determines how likely it is that an attack will hit critically and deal bonus critical damage. Crit Rate can be increased by equipping [[artifacts]] or [[weapons]] that provide an increase to Crit Rate. The default Crit Chance is 5%.

At critical rates greater than or equal to 100%, attacks give a critical hit every time.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/t6z47KC7DeA Is there a Critical Rate Softcap in Genshin Impact? (100% Crit Rate Test with 70 hits)]</ref> Additionally, on enemies with weak points, hitting the weak point '''<u>guarantees</u>''' a critical hit regardless if the triggering attack is critical or not.

The {{Element|Cryo|24}} [[Shattering Ice]] [[Elemental Resonance]] provides a 15% boost to Crit Rate against enemies that are [[Frozen]] or affected by [[Cryo]]. Some characters, such as [[Diluc]], gain Crit Rate by raising their character level. Finally, you can consume certain [[food]] items to temporarily increase Crit Rate.

==={{Attribute|Critical Hit|40}} Critical Damage===
{{main|Critical Hit}}
Critical Damage is abbreviated in game as CRIT DMG. This attribute, expressed as a percentage, determines how much bonus damage your character does when an attack hits critically. Crit Damage can be increased by equipping [[artifacts]] and [[weapons]] that provide a bonus to it. Some characters, such as [[Keqing]], gain Crit Damage by leveling up. Additionally, there are [[food]] items that can be consumed to temporarily increase it. The default Crit Damage is 50%, which is a 150% multiplier.

==={{Attribute|Healing|40}} Healing Bonus===
{{Main|Healing}}
Healing Bonus, expressed as a percentage, determines the bonus to outgoing healing by characters that can heal themselves or other party members. You can increase healing bonus by equipping [[artifacts]] that increase character healing effectiveness, or provide a healing bonus % increase. Some characters, such as [[Jean]], gain healing bonus by leveling up.

==={{Attribute|Healing|40}} Incoming Healing Bonus===
{{Main|Healing}}
Incoming Healing Bonus, expressed as a percentage, determines the bonus to incoming healing directed at the character. You can increase incoming healing bonus by equipping [[artifacts]] that boost healing received or incoming healing. The [[Elemental Resonance]] [[Soothing Water]] increases it by 30%. Additionally, there are [[food]] items that can boost healing effects temporarily.

==={{Attribute|Energy Recharge|40}} Energy Recharge===
{{Main|Energy}}
Energy Recharge is the percentage increase of energy regenerated by each elemental particle and elemental orb that is absorbed. Sources that directly give energy such as [[The Exile]] artifact set are not affected. You can increase Energy Recharge by equipping [[artifacts]] or [[weapons]] with the Energy Recharge % attribute. Additionally, some characters, such as [[Venti]], gain Energy Recharge with their ascensions. A few talents and constellations increase Energy Recharge as well.

==={{Attribute|Cooldown Reduction|40}} Cooldown Reduction===
{{Main|Cooldown}}
Reduce CD, commonly known as cooldown reduction, is a percentage decrease on the cooldowns after using your Elemental Skill or Elemental Burst before you can use them again. For example, if your Elemental Skill normally has a cooldown of 10 seconds, and you have 10% cooldown reduction, your skill can be used every 9 seconds.

The Reduce CD attribute stacks additively and is affected by any effect that reduces all cooldowns, but any effects that reduce cooldowns of particular talents will stack multiplicatively.

==={{Attribute|Shield Strength|40}} Shield Strength===
{{main|Shields}}
The '''Shield Strength''' attribute is a percentage decrease for shield damage taken by a character. Increasing a character's '''Shield Strength''' will allow any shields they are protected by to sustain more damage before being destroyed.

A character's '''Shield Strength''' can be increased by equipping the [[Retracing Bolide]] [[artifacts|artifact set]]. Some [[Food]] items, such as [[Triple-Layered Consommé]], can also increase this attribute.

'''Note''': When taking shield damage, the '''Shield Strength''' of the active character is used. This may not be the same as the character who created the shield.<ref>NGA: [https://bbs.nga.cn/read.php?tid=24147117 <nowiki>[数据讨论] 关于护盾强效的测试</nowiki>]</ref>

'''Trivia''': '''Shield Strength''' was previously named "Powerful Shields", while items that increased it had somewhat inconsistent descriptions, such as [[Retracing Bolide]]'s 2-piece bonus previously saying "+35% effectiveness to shields".

==Elemental Type==
===Damage Bonus===
{{Main|Damage Bonus}}
The "Details" page in character attributes lists out a character's damage bonuses for [[physical]] damage and for each [[element]] (with "damage" abbreviated as "DMG"). These bonuses describe the percentage increase of damage dealt of the corresponding type, and stack additively with other damage bonuses.

In addition to elemental and {{Color|Physical DMG Bonus}}es, other DMG Bonuses that are not displayed in-game include: Normal and Charged Attack DMG Bonus, Elemental Skill/Elemental Burst specific DMG Bonus, General {{Color|Black|Elemental DMG}} Bonus and General Increased DMG Bonus.

===Resistance===
{{Main|Resistance}}
The "Details" page also lists out a character's resistance to each damage type (with "resistance" abbreviated as "RES"). These resistances describe the percentage decrease of incoming damage of the corresponding type.

Note that resistances have soft caps below 0% and above 75%; see [[Resistance]] for more details.

Resistances can be increased by the [[Elemental Resonance]] [[Protective Canopy]], [[Potions]] (e.g., [[Frostshield Potion]]: +25% Cryo resistance), [[Artifact]] set bonuses (e.g., 2-piece [[Tiny Miracle]]: +20% All Elemental resistances), and Talents (e.g., [[Lightning Fang]]: +80% Electro resistance).

==Hidden Stats==
===Movement Speed===
Movement speed, abbreviated as Movement SPD in game, determines how much faster your character moves in relation to their normal movement speed. To increase your movement speed, you can equip [[weapons]] that provide a bonus to movement speed when their conditions are activated. Also, the [[Impetuous Winds]] [[Elemental Resonance]] increases movement speed by 10%.

===Attack Speed===
{{main|Attack Speed}}
Attack Speed, abbreviated as ATK SPD in game, determines how much faster your character can attack compared to normal. For example, if your character can normally attack once every 0.8 seconds but has a 30% attack speed bonus, they will be able to attack every 0.8 / (1+0.3) = 0.62 seconds instead.

Certain [[weapons]], [[talents]], and character passive abilities provide attack speed bonuses when you fulfill their activation conditions.

Note that Attack Speed does '''not''' decrease the amount of hitlag characters receive when hitting enemies, so a percentage increase in attack speed will result in a lesser percentage increase in damage-per-second (for attacks that have hitlag, i.e., most melee attacks).

===Stamina Consumption===
{{Main|Stamina}}
Stamina Consumption describes the percentage increase of stamina used by actions that require stamina.

The [[Elemental Resonance]] [[Impetuous Winds]] decreases all stamina consumption by 15%. Some [[food]] items and character talents also reduce the amount of stamina used by particular activities such as sprinting, climbing, or gliding. On the other hand, the [[Ley Line Disorder]] Condensed Ice increases all stamina consumption.

The term is used somewhat inconsistently in the game: effects that reduce Stamina Consumption of all activities refer to the attribute as "Stamina Consumption," but some effects that reduce consumption of particular actions fail to capitalize "consumption" (e.g., "gliding Stamina consumption" in [[Amber]] and [[Venti]]'s passive talents and in food effects).

===Interruption Resistance===
{{Main|Interruption Resistance}}
Interruption Resistance, or poise, affects how difficult it is for a character or an enemy to being staggered.

Note that the strength of the stagger and knock back effects on characters and enemies is also affected by the subject's and attacker's levels, the particular attack used, and physical properties including separation distance and mass.

===Damage Reduction===
{{main|Damage Reduction}}
Damage Reduction is a separate multiplier from DEF and RES that can reduce incoming damage. Damage Reduction can be provided by certain talents and constellations.

==References==
{{Reflist|1}}

==Navigation==
{{Attribute Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Combat Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}
[[Category:Attributes| ]]

[[de:Attribute]]
[[pt-br:Atributos]]