{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Liyue
|chapter       = Ningguang
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest
|description   = After finishing her meal, Ningguang is worried about the auction that her secretaries are in charge of, and so you go to inspect the site with her. What's got her all concerned, you wonder?
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Business as Usual
|characters    = Baishi; Baiwen; Baixiao; Francis; Hongru; Little Bin; Ningguang; Tieshan; Traveler; Xiaofei; Yingfeng
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Auction Games''' is a quest in [[Ningguang]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest]].

==Steps==
# Go to the site where the auction is being held
# Talk to the secretary in charge of preparations
# Inspect the goods on auction (0/3)
# Wait for the auction to start (16:00 – 18:00)
# Attend the auction
# Figure out what the attendees are thinking (0/3)
# Talk to Ningguang again

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After finishing her meal, Ningguang is worried about the auction that her secretaries are in charge of, and so you go to inspect the site with her. What's got her all concerned, you wonder?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the site where the auction is being held)

;(Talk to the secretary in charge of preparations)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913401 baixiao 01.ogg}} '''Baixiao:''' Lady Ningguang, what brings you here?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913401 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I couldn't help but feel a little concerned, so I just came to see how everything is going.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913401 baiwen 01.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' We're about ready, and people are starting to arrive. I think we should be able to start on time.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913401 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Very good. I think I'll host the auction myself.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913401 baixiao 02.ogg}} '''Baixiao:''' Huh? You want to do it yourself?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913401 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, just in case anything untoward happens. I can take care of it myself.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913401 baixiao 03.ogg}} '''Baixiao:''' Then we'll leave the auction itself to you, but we'll be sure to lend our full support behind the scenes.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913401 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Have you attended an auction before?
:{{DIcon}} I've watched one from the sidelines.
:{{DIcon}} My net worth isn't quite in that category.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913401 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Well, would you like to participate this time? You don't have to bid, of course. Just experience the atmosphere.
:{{DIcon}} Sure. That should be quite fun.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913401 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Alright then. Feel free to take a look around the venue before it kicks off.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913401 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Check out the items up for bidding and see if there's anything you might be interested in.

;(Talk to Ningguang again)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913401 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Check out the items up for bidding and see if there's anything you might be interested in.
----
;(Inspect the goods on auction)

;(Talk to Xiaofei)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 xiaofei 01.ogg}} '''Xiaofei:''' Anything Lady Ningguang used to own is sure to be worth a significant amount of money.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 xiaofei 02.ogg}} '''Xiaofei:''' So even if the price is a little inflated, it should still be fine...

;(Talk to Yingfeng)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 01.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' Did you bring plenty of Mora with you?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 02.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' Let's put it this way &mdash; anything you can snag in one of Lady Ningguang's auctions is practically Mora in the bank. The more you take home, the bigger your fortune.

;(Talk to Little Bin)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 littlebin 01.ogg}} '''Little Bin:''' Hmm, I can't see anything that particularly interests me...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 littlebin 02.ogg}} '''Little Bin:''' Lady Ningguang must know what she's doing though. I'm sure she has her reasons.

;(Observe the Vase)
:'''Observe Vase:''' (A plain-looking vase with clear signs of wear and tear.)
:'''Observe Vase:''' (Can't see any reason to bid on something like this.)

;(Observe the Writing Tools)
:'''Observe Writing Tools:''' (Generic office implements. I guess they could brighten the place up a little.)
:'''Observe Writing Tools:''' (Still, it'd be cheaper to get one from Bolai...)

;(Observe the Hairpin)
:'''Observe Hairpin:''' (A fairly well-made hairpin, but there's nothing exceptional about it.)
:'''Observe Hairpin:''' (Fine to buy in a shop, but can this really fetch a good price at an auction?)

----

;(Wait for the auction to start <nowiki>(16:00 – 18:00)</nowiki>)

;(Talk to Ningguang again before changing the time)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' While we're waiting for the auction to begin, feel free to check out the lots or just stretch your legs.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Maybe you'll find something that catches your eye.

;(Attend the auction)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It's about time to start. Find yourself somewhere to sit and we'll kick things off.
:{{DIcon}} Before we start, I have a question.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes? What is it?
:{{DIcon}} Are these auction items genuinely very valuable?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That's for you to make a considered judgment on.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It's precisely what makes auctions so interesting, don't you think?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Until the bids exceed the value of the item in your eyes, you can keep raising the price. If the bids go beyond what you can accept, then you let someone else take it.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Perhaps this does not result in what you might call a fair price. But what it does do is identify the person who values the item the most.
:{{DIcon}} Okay. Let's see how it goes...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes. You should look forward to it.

:'''The auction finally begins.'''

:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The first lot is a teacup from my personal collection. Bids starting at 10,000 Mora, that's 10,000 Mora for the teacup.
:{{DIcon}} (You'd never pay 10,000 Mora for something like this normally.)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 xiaofei 01.ogg}} '''Xiaofei:''' 20,000!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 yingfeng 01.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' 30,000!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 littlebin 01.ogg}} '''Little Bin:''' 50,000!
:{{DIcon}} (Wow, the bidding is fierce...)
:{{DIcon}} 60,000!
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' ...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 yingfeng 02.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' 80,000! 80,000 over here!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 xiaofei 02.ogg}} '''Xiaofei:''' I'll raise that to 100,000!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 littlebin 02.ogg}} '''Little Bin:''' 120.
:{{DIcon}} (He seems very determined.)
:{{DIcon}} 130!
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 yingfeng 03.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' I swear some of these bidders are just driving the price up for fun...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 yingfeng 04.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' Alright, 150,000! Anyone else want to keep going now?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' One-fifty once.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 littlebin 03.ogg}} '''Little Bin:''' Uh... 170!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 yingfeng 05.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' 180,000!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 xiaofei 03.ogg}} '''Xiaofei:''' ...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 littlebin 04.ogg}} '''Little Bin:''' ...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' One-eighty once...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' One-eighty twice.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' One-eighty. Sold.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 yingfeng 06.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' Hehe. It's mine now!
:{{DIcon}} (I can't believe it went for 180,000...)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Okay then, moving straight on to the next lot.

:'''One by one, the unexceptional items are sold for exceptionally high prices...'''

:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You seemed to be getting quite into it. What a shame that you didn't manage to go home with anything.
:{{DIcon}} Something felt off.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 16.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Haha. Of course it did. That's because I didn't come here to sell my things.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 17.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I'm sure you must find it quite odd that all these everyday items could fetch such a huge price at auction.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913402 ningguang 18.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Since you're curious, why not go and talk to the buyers? I'm sure they'll give you the answers you're looking for.

----
;(Figure out what the attendees are thinking)

;(Talk to Ningguang again)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913409 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Go ahead and talk to the buyers. They'll give you the answers you're looking for.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913409 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I'm sure you will figure out the truth.

;(Talk to Xiaofei)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913409 xiaofei 01.ogg}} '''Xiaofei:''' Huh? You want to know why I paid so much?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913409 xiaofei 02.ogg}} '''Xiaofei:''' Well, it's pretty obvious, isn't it? Because the previous owner was Lady Ningguang.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913409 xiaofei 03.ogg}} '''Xiaofei:''' Sure, the item might look pretty ordinary, but that's probably just because I'm not a connoisseur, so I don't know how to appreciate it...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913409 xiaofei 04.ogg}} '''Xiaofei:''' But I figured I'd buy it first, then go get it appraised by an expert. Then I'll be rich! Hehe...

;(Talk to Yingfeng)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913410 yingfeng 01.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' I may have paid an arm and a leg for this, but in the end I got the result I wanted. Hahaha.
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you be worried about the price being over-inflated?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913410 yingfeng 02.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' Nothing of Ningguang's could ever be over-inflated.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913410 yingfeng 03.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' I'm far from the only buyer who believes that "owned by Ningguang" is worth paying a premium for. So how much I can make just depends on how many people are even bigger fans of Ningguang than I am!

;(Talk to Little Bin)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913411 littlebin 01.ogg}} '''Little Bin:''' *sigh* Today wasn't my day. Didn't manage to snag much.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913411 littlebin 02.ogg}} '''Little Bin:''' There were too many bidders, and they all seemed like experts to me.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913411 littlebin 03.ogg}} '''Little Bin:''' I guess I'll just have to wait for the next auction. Someday, I'll be the lucky one.
----
;(Talk to Ningguang again after talking to the buyers)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Well? Did you find the answer yet?
:{{DIcon}} It's because everyone has faith in your judgment and aesthetics.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That's certainly part of it. But every bidder will have noticed that none of these items have a particularly high going rate on the market in and of themselves.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Despite this, they were all willing to pay very dearly for them. I wonder... is faith in me really the only factor in their appraisal of the items' value?
:{{DIcon}} If not, then what else could it be?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You'll see shortly. The one who spent the most money will surely be the quickest to realize.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If all I wanted to do was make some quick Mora by exploiting their blind faith in me, I have a million more effective ways of achieving that than hosting an auction.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Every participant in this auction was hand-picked by me, based on certain intelligence.

:'''Sure enough, after some time has passed, one of the participants returns.'''

:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 03.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' Lady Ningguang, uh... something doesn't seem quite right with the items from today's auction.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 04.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' As unlikely as this sounds &mdash; and please forgive me for even bringing it up, but I had to ask... uhh... Y&mdash;You weren't selling counterfeits today, were you...?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Counterfeits? Absolutely not. What motive would anyone have for making copies of things like these?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' They are simply ordinary items. And there was no coercion or enticement during the auction &mdash; every bid was voluntary.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 05.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' Because we trusted you!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 06.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' Everyone knows you love Mora, but we also know that you made your fortune through honest means... as opposed to, ahem, scamming people.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You seem to have entered into dangerous linguistic territory there. You should know that unless you have evidence to support your outlandish claims, I am legally entitled to sue you for slander.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Of course, if you have any genuine grievances about the auction, the lots, or the process, please enlighten me as to where exactly I went wrong.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 07.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' You... You...!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 08.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' Fine. Yes, technically, it was all legitimate. Guess all I can do is take the loss...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 09.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' But if word gets out about today's auction, people are gonna start seeing you as a con artist. No one would dare do business with you after that.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 10.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' I guess what I'm saying is... is this really in your best interests?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Let me answer that with a question. You claim that you were willing to pay a high price because you trusted me. But is that really the full story?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 11.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' Wh&mdash;What do you mean? What else could it be?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Oh, I don't know... perhaps it could be something to do with a lost item from the original Jade Chamber collection that has quietly made its way into your hands?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 12.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' ...!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' When the Jade Chamber fell, countless valuable items from my collection plunged into the sea. I organized a salvage operation, but still there were many items unaccounted for.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 16.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' A considerable number of these made their way back into Liyue Harbor through means unbeknownst to me, and passed through several pairs of hands before finally ending up in yours, and those of your fellow bidders today.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 13.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' Wait, you mean...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 17.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, everyone attending the auction today is in possession of lost property belonging to me.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 18.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Or to put it another way, they were all people who have had a taste of something that was mine and convinced themselves that I am someone to be taken advantage of.
:{{DIcon}} No wonder they had such blind faith.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 19.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' So I ask you again. Your high bidding price &mdash; was it motivated by trust? Or was it greed?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 14.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' Tsk!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 20.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The sole reason I held this auction is to reclaim my treasured possessions.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 21.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If you are willing to return what is mine, I will refund all the money you spent in the auction today.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 15.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' Alright, fine. I guess... I guess I'll return it.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 16.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' You drive a hard bargain, like everyone says...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 yingfeng 17.ogg}} '''Yingfeng:''' I'll go and get it right now. Please just wait here.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 22.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Despite his bad attitude, he cooperated in the end. Good for him.
:{{DIcon}} It all makes sense now.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 23.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The issue was that all items of mine that have been fished out of the sea have changed hands numerous times already. Determining who has legal ownership would be an extremely long-winded process, with each item being assessed on a case-by-case basis. Even Yanfei says she'd have a difficult time defending my claims.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 24.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I could have bought them back, but it's not in my nature to pay twice for the same thing. Least of all when they'd be looking to make a handsome profit from my misfortune.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 25.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' After making some inquiries, I found them to be most uncooperative. So I had to resort to this auction to finally put a stop to all this nonsense.
:{{DIcon}} It definitely suits your modus operandi.
:{{DIcon}} I hope I never end up on the wrong side of you.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 26.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hehe. I just wanted my things back. Hardly an unusual sentiment.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 27.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' At most, a little childish, perhaps. Which is another reason why I didn't tell anybody about my plan.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 28.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' What do you think it was about the Jade Chamber that defeated Osial?
:{{DIcon}} The explosion?
:{{DIcon}} The size?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 29.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I think it was a combination of the weight and the energy it contains.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 30.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Its great weight meant it hit Osial with incredible force, while the energy within triggered that spectacular explosion.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 31.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Every piece of the Jade Chamber, from the stone walls and wooden beams down to the smallest ornament, contributed to its total weight.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 32.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But in the end, they became objects of merchants' greed.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 33.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It's hard not to get a little irked thinking about it.
:{{DIcon}} That's not so childish.
:{{DIcon}} I hope you can get all your things back, too.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 34.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Thank you for understanding.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 35.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Now I've got one of my items back, let me show you what makes it so special.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913403 ningguang 36.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The secrets of history shine through in the relics that survive, and this one now has the story of another age to tell.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: The Weight of a Collection===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = The Weight of a Collection
|character       = Ningguang
|act             = 1
|description     = None of the items that were offered up during that decisive battle shall be lost, no matter how small.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Auction Games
|zhs     = 拍卖博弈
|zhs_rm  = Pāimài Bóyì
|zht     = 拍賣博弈
|zht_rm  = Pāimài Bóyì
|zh_tl   = Auction Games
|ja      = 競売で勝負
|ja_rm   = Kyoubai de Shoubu
|ja_tl   = Auction Games
|ko      = 경매 승부
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La subasta
|es_tl   = The Auction
|fr      = Jeux d'enchères
|fr_tl   = Auction Games
|ru      = Аукционные игры
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เกมการประมูล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ván Cờ Đấu Giá
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Auktionsspiele
|de_tl   = Auction Games
|id      = Permainan Lelang
|id_tl   = Auction Games
|pt      = Jogos no Leilão
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}