{{About|special effects attached to enemies|elemental auras|Elemental Gauge Theory}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Tutorial Adventure Slowing Water.png
|caption      = The Hydro special effect, Slowing Water
|type         = Combat
}}
Within the [[Spiral Abyss]] and certain [[Domains]], monsters may have an '''aura''' that can cast special effects.

==Debuff Abilities==
{{See also|Ley Line Disorder|Domains|Status}}
*The aura from enemies will apply its debuff to the in-range characters currently on the field. Once you switch the on-field character to next character, the debuff will be inherited by next character.
**The effect of auras from enemies only influence the characters currently on the field.
**When the element gauges of the aura is depleted, auras and debuffs on characters will disappear immediately.
*The interval between each pulse is '''15''' seconds.
**After starting the challenge, it takes 15 seconds for the enemy to release the first pulse.
*Elemental debuffs are marked with the element in question inside of a prohibitory 🚫 symbol.

The duration of the aura from enemies is '''not''' determined by the elemental gauge of the aura.
*The durations of auras are  '''20''' seconds.
*The [[Elemental Gauge Theory|gauges]] of the elemental status applied by the debuffs is '''1 unit'''.
*Durations of auras from enemies '''cannot''' reduced by [[Elemental Resonance]] or [[Artifacts]].
*The {{Color|Pyro DMG}} from Smoldering Flames has '''0''' Pyro.

{| class="article-table tdc2"
! Name !! Element !! Effect !! Applied Gauge Units !! Duration !! Application Interval
|-
| [[Smoldering Flames]] || {{Element|Pyro}} || Deals '''0.6 × [[Elemental Reaction/Level Scaling#Level Multiplier|Level Multiplier]]''' as {{Color|Pyro DMG}} per second. This DMG does not apply Pyro. || 1 || 20 || 15
|-
| [[Slowing Water]] || {{Element|Hydro}} || [[Elemental Skill]] and [[Elemental Burst]] [[CD]] '''+100%'''. || 1 || 20 || 15
|-
| [[Engulfing Storm]] || {{Element|Electro}} || Drains '''5''' [[Energy]] every 3 seconds. || 1 || 20 || 15
|-
| [[Condensed Ice]] || {{Element|Cryo}} || [[Stamina]] Consumption '''+100%'''. || 1 || 20 || 15
|}

==Damage Abilities==
The names of these abilities come from the official update log.<ref>HoYoverse News: [https://genshin.mihoyo.com/m/en/news/detail/9368 Version 1.4 Update Details]</ref>

* Damage is determined by the base multiplier of the ability, the [[Elemental Reaction/Level Scaling#Level Multiplier|Level Multiplier]], and the [[RES]] of the target to the damage type. The DMG dealt by these abilities is not affected by the target's [[DEF]] or [[DMG Reduction]].
** For calculations,<br><math>\text{Damage} = (\text{Base Multiplier} \times \text{Level Multiplier} \times \text{RES Multiplier})</math>
* The durations of the elemental statuses applied on characters is determined by the [[gauge unit]], which functions identically to those applied by characters.
* Defeating the enemy that cast the skill will immediately cause the skill's effects to despawn. (This does not include any damage or elements already afflicted by these effects; e.g., Pursuing Fireball will disappear, but any character who was previously hit by it will still be affected by Pyro.)
* The skills have a fixed cooldown.

{| class="article-table"
|-
! style="width:120px;" | Name
! Element
! Effect
! Gauge Units of DMG
! Base Multiplier
! Cooldown
|-
| [[Tracking Fire Ball]]
| style="text-align:center;" |{{Icon/Element|Pyro}}
| A fireball will trace the on-field character and deal {{Color|Pyro DMG}} per 0.7 seconds to the character in range. The attack has 3 waves and the duration is 1.6 seconds per wave.
| 2U
| 150%
| 20 s
|-
| [[Mist Bubble (Aura)|Mist Bubble]]
| style="text-align:center;" |{{Icon/Element|Hydro}}
| 4 bubbles will appear around and deal {{Color|Hydro DMG}} when a character touches them. When the character crosses the gap between any 2 bubbles, another 4 bubbles will appear outside.
| 2U
| 300%
| 12 s
|-
| [[Lightning Bolt Matrix]]
| style="text-align:center;" |{{Icon/Element|Electro}}
| 2 lightning chains will appear and deal {{Color|Electro DMG}} per 0.2 seconds when a character touches them.
| 1U
| 60%
| 12 s
|-
| [[Freezing Filament]]
| style="text-align:center;" |{{Icon/Element|Cryo}}
| An ice claw-shaped cage will appear from the foot of the on-field character and deal {{Color|Cryo DMG}} per second when a character touches them.
| 1U
| 400%
| 12 s
|-
| [[Whirling Traction]]
| style="text-align:center;" |{{Icon/Element|Anemo}}
| A wind core will appear and will deal {{Color|Anemo DMG}} per 0.4 second to the character in range. After 1.6 seconds, the core will explode and deal {{Color|Anemo DMG}} to the character in range.
| 1U (DoT) / 2U (Explosion)
| 100% (DoT) / 300% (Explosion)
| 12 s
|-
| [[Rumbling Stone]]
| style="text-align:center;" |{{Icon/Element|Geo}}
| 2 rock waves will cross the ground and deal {{Color|Geo DMG}} when a character touches them.
| 1U
| 200%
| 15 s
|-
| [[Conductive]]
| style="text-align:center;" |{{Icon/Element|Electro}}
| Lightning attacks will occur around (enemy), dealing {{Color|Electro DMG}} to characters who are hit.
| 1U
| 400%
|
|-
| [[Discharge]]
| style="text-align:center;" |{{Icon/Element|Hydro}} {{Icon/Element|Cryo}} {{Icon/Element|Electro}}
| A shockwave will release and deal {{Color|Hydro DMG}}, {{Color|Cryo DMG}} or {{Color|Electro DMG}} when a character is hit. The element of the shockwave is fixed in each enemy.
| 2U
| 400%
| 15 s
|-
| [[Wild Shriek]]
| style="text-align:center;" |{{Icon/Element|Dendro}}
| Creates Dendro vortexes that will deal {{Color|Dendro DMG}} per 0.3 seconds to characters they hit.
| 1U
| 200%
|
|}

==Enemy Buffs==
{| class="article-table"
|-
! Name
! Effect
|-
| [[Self-Repair]]
| (Enemies) have incredible regenerative capabilities. When their HP falls under (50/30/15)%, they will recover (40/50)% of their HP after (6/10)s. This effect can be triggered once by each (Enemy).
|-
| [[Attendants]]
| Each Attendant will increase the Leader's Element RES and Physical RES by 10%. The Attendants will restore the Leader's HP every (12/20)s, with each Attendant restoring (5/10)% HP, When there are no Attendants. the Leader will not have any of the above enhancement and restoration effects.
|}

==Trivia==
* The element of most auras matches the damage type of the enemy they are attached to. However, there are exceptions:
** [[Ruin Machine|Ruin machines]] may have a variety of elemental auras despite primarily or entirely dealing {{Color|[[Physical]] DMG}}.
** A [[Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl]] in the Unyielding III challenge of the [[Ridge Watch]] [[Domain]] has a [[Tracking Fire Ball]] aura despite being incapable of dealing {{Color|[[Pyro]] DMG}}.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|1}}

==Navigation==
{{Element Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Combat Navbox}}

[[ja:オーラ]]
[[pt-br:Auras]]