{{Character Infobox
|realname         = Aurelie Fumeau
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Dissolved by [[Vacher]] during the serial disappearances case
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Aurelie's troupe
}}
'''Aurelie Fumeau''' was the founder and director of a theatrical troupe in Fontaine. Her background is explored in {{Quest|"The Little Oceanid"}}.

==Profile==
Aurelie came "from humble beginnings." She was inspired to pursue musical theater by [[Furina]]'s performances, of which she was a loyal fan.

She gathered people who were destitute or felt lost in life, mentoring them in performance and treating them like family; she helped pay for [[Dulphy]]'s medicine when she was abandoned by her family due to her chronic illness, and took in [[Lauwick]], the orphaned son of a murderer. Aurelie was the glue that held the troupe together &mdash; she wrote the scripts, acted on stage, handled business matters, and took care of the members like an older sister. For a time, they were gaining popularity and their future looked bright.

One member of the troupe, [[Pauleau]], became romantically interested in Aurelie, but she turned him down, as she saw all of them as brothers and sisters.

Being an amateur operation, Aurelie's troupe often struggled financially; they relied on audience donations and side jobs to stay afloat. Thus, when one of them, [[Vilmant]], was approached by a merchant who offered a huge sponsorship in return for providing their drinks during performances, he eagerly accepted without asking for details. When the shipment came, he was shocked to find that the "drink" in question was [[Sinthe]]. Aurelie, as the troupe's leader, took it upon herself to talk to the merchant and rejected the agreement. This drew the ire of the head of the Sinthe trade, [[Vacher]], who targeted her, making her one of the first victims of his serial kidnappings. On the day of her disappearance, Aurelie sent the rest of the troupe outside of the city in order to protect them.

While being held captive by Vacher, Aurelie recorded the details of his experiments in her journal in an attempt to aid investigators. She maintained the journal until she physically could not, writing about the horrible conditions, seeing others die before her eyes, and her fear of her own death. She also expressed her love for the troupe and apologized for leaving them so soon. Her possessions would remain in Vacher's hideout until the [[Garde]]s moved them to the [[Palais Mermonia]] for safekeeping.

The troupe was left devastated by her loss. They tried to keep going, but gradually fell apart due to their grief and lack of business acumen. Eventually, they were forced to consider disbanding. As a farewell to Aurelie, they decided to complete her final play, "The Little Oceanid," with Dulphy playing the titular role in her stead. However, they ran into issues finishing the script, as they had no scriptwriting experience and disagreed on Aurelie's intended message. Their relationships frayed, with Pauleau holing up in [[Poisson]] to write and Vilmant isolating himself in the countryside.

Meanwhile, Dulphy's chronic illness flared up again, prompting Lauwick to submit a commission at the [[Adventurers' Guild]] to find a replacement actress. The [[Traveler]] answered the request and decided to ask [[Furina]] to fill the role, but she declined out of a reluctance to return to the stage. Upon hearing Aurelie's story, though, she had a change of heart and agreed to serve as a consultant. The troupe was eventually able to come to terms with their director's death and finish her play. They still chose to disband in the end, but felt that they had finally done her memory justice.

==Known Troupe Members==
At one point, the troupe apparently had "many people." Note that all listed members are former, as they have since disbanded.
* [[Buraud]]
* [[Dulphy]]
* [[Elain]]
* [[Lauwick]]
* [[Pauleau]]
* [[Vilmant]]

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Aurelie
|zhs     = 奥蕾丽
|zhs_rm  = Àolěilì
|zht     = 奧蕾麗
|zht_rm  = Àolěilì
|ja      = アレリー
|ja_rm   = Arerii
|ko      = 오렐리
|es      = Aurélie
|fr      = Aurélie
|ru      = Орели
|th      = Aurelie
|vi      = Aurelie
|de      = Aurélie
|id      = Aurelie
|pt      = Aurelie
|tr      = Aurelie
|it      = Aurélie
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}