{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Morticia.png
|realname         = Autumn Leroy<!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = Benoit Leroy
|fatherNote       = adoptive
|mother           = 
|spouse           = Athos (Fontaine)
|spouseNote       = fake husband
|sibling          = 
|child            = Molli
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Morticia''', real name '''Autumn''', is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Leroy: Firing Squad}}, and following quests.

<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Autumn was taken in by [[Benoit Leroy]] in [[Court of Fontaine: Fleuve Cendre|Fleuve Cendre]] at some point prior to the events of the game. He married her off to an elderly, rich man in the [[Court of Fontaine]] who died a few years later and left his house to her, allowing Benoit to move out of Fleuve Cendre himself. Immediately after, he married Autumn off to a random man, who abused and humiliated her.<ref name="Queen">{{Ref/Quest|Leroy: Queen of the Night's Aria}}</ref> After enduring this mistreatment for some time &mdash; long enough to have a daughter with him &mdash; she murdered him and was arrested for the deed. Autumn entrusted her young daughter to Benoit, only for him to refuse to serve as a witness on her behalf during her trial. She lost her case and was sentenced to the [[Fortress of Meropide]]. [[Snodgrass]] and Athos both suspect that Benoit did this so he could keep the house for himself.<ref name="High Noon">{{Ref/Quest|Leroy: High Noon}}</ref>

Instead of caring for Autumn's daughter, Benoit secretly gave her to a rich family and used the money he received for child support for himself. After Autumn escaped from the prison and discovered that her daughter was missing, she scoured Benoit's properties and possessions for a clue, but was unable to find any. To get answers, shortly after he left a commission for a housekeeper with [[The Steambird]] half a year ago, Autumn disguised herself as a stranger named Morticia and with [[Athos (Fontaine)|Athos]] as her supposed husband, the two wiled their way into Benoit's household.<ref name="Queen" />

Eventually, they discovered Benoit, but he had just hired the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] to help take care of him. This complicated their plot to kill him, though a few days later, they eventually moved with it after Athos learns that Benoit was attempting to escape. In the ensuing confrontation, the Traveler can choose to intervene or let the pair enact their justice on him.

Regardless of the Traveler's decision with Benoit, he expresses disappointment in Autumn's actions, stating that it was only through him that she was able to enjoy her life, which Athos and Autumn call him out on. He also asks if he would be spared if he gave them her daughter's whereabouts, though Autumn refuses to let him live regardless. If the Traveler chooses to let the pair do their work, Benoit, already aware why they were after him, takes the secret of her daughter's whereabouts to the grave, claiming that they would never know the truth. If the Traveler chooses to defend him, Benoit, noticing their presence, reveals that he sent her daughter to a rich family and had a caring adoptive mother. This causes Autumn to falter in considering killing Benoit, though Athos takes control over the situation.

The following day, Benoit's house is put up for sale. If the Traveler let them kill Benoit, they will run into Athos and Autumn inside the house. After a short discussion, [[Molli]] comes along to pay a visit and she recognizes her as her daughter, causing Athos to become surprised upon realizing this. After asking a few questions regarding her current living condition and parents, Athos gives her a small lie and send her off. Autumn, relieved that her daughter is doing fine, decides to think of ways they would visit her in the future and gives Paimon a [[Autumn's Gift|music box]] originally intended for Molli, and decides to stay a while longer in the Court of Fontaine, which Athos agrees to. If the Traveler chose to defend Benoit, Molli will come by the house the next day, telling them that she ran into Athos and Autumn on the way, where they asked her a few questions before leaving.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Leroy: Beautiful Friends}}</ref> The music box can then be found in an underground location accessible through a whirlpool in a pond east to the Weeping Willow of The Lake.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|1_en      = Morticia
|1_zhs     = 莫蒂西娅
|1_zhs_rm  = Mòdìxīyà
|1_zht     = 莫蒂西婭
|1_zht_rm  = Mòdìxīyà
|1_ja      = モルティシア
|1_ko      = 모티시아
|1_es      = Morticia
|1_fr      = Morticia
|1_ru      = Мортиша
|1_th      = Morticia
|1_vi      = Morticia
|1_de      = Morticia
|1_id      = Morticia
|1_pt      = Morticia
|1_tr      = Morticia
|1_it      = Morticia

|2_en      = Autumn
|2_zhs     = 秋
|2_zhs_rm  = Qiū
|2_zht     = 秋
|2_zht_rm  = Qiū
|2_ja      = オータム
|2_ko      = 첼
|2_es      = Automne
|2_fr      = Automne
|2_ru      = Осень
|2_th      = Autumn
|2_vi      = Autumn
|2_de      = Autumn
|2_id      = Autumn
|2_pt      = Autumn
|2_tr      = Autumn
|2_it      = Autumn
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Automne]]