{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75500
|image         = Event Quest Avant-Garde Graffiti Visionary.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Traces of Artistry
|requirement   = 
|characters    = "Dopey Dazzler"; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [["Children of Echoes"]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = "Children of Echoes"
|prev          = 
|next          = On the Graffiti Road
|rewards       = Graffiti Kamera*1;Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Traces of Artistry]] Event.
}}
'''''Avant-Garde Graffiti Visionary!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Traces of Artistry]] Event.

==Steps==
# Watch the [[Children of Echoes]]' dance event

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Children of Echoes' dances leave Paimon in awe, and beneath the stage, a certain artist from Natlan with unique views notices the budding talent you and Paimon possess...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach [["Dopey Dazzler"]])
:'''Paimon:''' Wow...
:'''Paimon:''' As it turns out, the Children of Echoes sure can dance! Paimon never thought the human body could perform the motions they did onstage!
:'''Paimon:''' The rhythmic music, the exciting fireworks... All of that combined brings a totally different vibe from anything we've seen so far!
:'''???:''' Well said, radiant {{MC|m=sir|f=lady}}, and your wow-warbling floating doll, too!
:'''???:''' Sharp senses, and distinguished, too... Yes. I'm sure you have what it takes to be the vanguard of avant-garde, and a rising star amongst graffiti artists!
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' So, how about it? Wanna join me, the Dopey Dazzler, in grasping the latest and greatest in trendy artistic thought?
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, here comes another person with an odd nickname!
:{{DIcon}} Wow, you really do "wow" a lot.
:{{DIcon}} You're not beating the "wow-warbler" allegations.
:'''Paimon:''' Don't even try changing the subject! This isn't about the "wow" factor or a silly nickname. The important part is what this girl was talking about.
:'''Paimon:''' "Avant-garde thought"... Is that the key to Natlan's artistic uniqueness?
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Ah, there we go. Very perceptive!
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' As you can see, the vibrant dances, the frenetic music, the vivid graffiti... All of this has deep connections to the avant-garde.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Fashions, trends, novelty... To us, these are synonyms of "avant-garde."
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' As for me, the Dopey Dazzler, mainstay of the [[Graffiti Alliance]], I'm trying to encourage a greater understanding of such forward thinking. First Natlan, then the world!
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' That way, art will constantly evolve, and works of extraordinary aesthetic value may be produced! Ever upwards and on for large-scale graffiti work!
:{{DIcon}} I don't quite get it.
:{{DIcon}} Seems a bit abstract.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' A more specific example, then. See the large work of graffiti in the stage backdrop? I was involved in drawing that.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' If that backdrop was a realistic landscape painting, a fine oil painting from Fontaine, or a mural from Sumeru...
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Do you think it would still fit?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, okay, that's pretty straightforward. Paimon gets it now.
:'''Paimon:''' So if the backdrop's patterns and colors weren't as explosive, it would feel less... energetic?
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Of course, I wouldn't claim that landscape, oil, or wall paintings are bad, but when you need to emphasize vivid tension and burning soul, there's nothing quite like graffiti!
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' If you ask me, every tribe here in Natlan has the impulse to strive ever higher, the desire to pursue strength &mdash; that's why avant-garde is our primary style!
:'''Paimon:''' Y'know, you call yourself "dopey," but you're pretty knowledgeable, aren't you?
:{{DIcon}} Are you going to take us on as students?
:{{DIcon}} What's your hourly rate?
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Whoa, whoa, an old hand at this song-and-dance, are we?
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Don't worry, I'm not too fussed about all that master-student stuff, and I don't care about fortune or fame either. What we do here is share our experiences, in the hope that they will bloom and bear fruit everywhere.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' As long as you can grasp the essence of avant-garde and create the inspired works of graffiti required, I'll be satisfied.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' In fact, I'd even cough up as much Mora and material as it took to help you grow into a graffiti master!
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' And then, you can help me with sketches.
:{{DIcon}} Me? Sketches?
:{{DIcon}} Hmm? Is that how you get your hands on new assistants?
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' You could also help me promote this art elsewhere and attract more talent to our Alliance.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' After all, our goal is to create unparalleled avant-garde work on every mountain! Currently though, we number at just over ten people, and that's just not going to hack it.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' My back and waist... *sigh* If I had to carry dyes and paints all day, my bones would be left crooked, and my shoulders and thighs a mess too, no doubt.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon was going to say that there seemed to be something fishy about all this...
:'''Paimon:''' But since you're being so honest, guess there can't be anything too off here.
:'''Paimon:''' And y'know, {{Traveler}}, learning graffiti art doesn't sound so bad. We could probably draw something to mark our territory and scare off monsters and baddies!
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Haha, yes! That's the spirit! In that case, let's get to it.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Now, our work isn't too strict about painting skills &mdash; it's all about the mindset. Let us begin, therefore, by taking the measure of avant-garde.
:'''Paimon:''' The "measure?" You mean the "principles"?
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Close enough! In short, we need to find the inspiration to break out of our constraints and express ourselves freely.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Once you have done this, you'll be able to seize upon the scenery even amidst a speedrun challenge, and discover the limits of human movement in the midst of close-quarter combat, just as I do.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' That way, you'll discover the exaggerated line-work you need for graffiti.
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' As for color schemes, we make use of combinations found in the natural world. You'll be surprised how many surprises it has in store...
:'''Paimon:''' This sounds familiar... But there's something a bit off...
:{{DIcon}} Observing lines of motion while racing and fighting.
:{{DIcon}} Collecting materials and studying colors.
:'''Paimon:''' These methods of studying "aesthetics" really are kinda different. Guess that's Natlan for you...
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Anyway, take this guidebook and this [[Graffiti Kamera|Kamera]], and go forth throughout Natlan. Might as well enjoy the unique sights and sounds while you learn, eh?
:'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' And once you're back, I'll use what you've seen and heard to help come up with an avant-garde philosophy you can best understand!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Avant-Garde Graffiti Visionary!
|zhs      = 前卫理念与涂鸦先锋！
|zhs_rm   = Qiánwèi Lǐniàn yǔ Túyā Xiānfēng!
|zht      = 前衛理念與塗鴉先鋒！
|zht_rm   = Qiánwèi Lǐniàn yǔ Túyā Xiānfēng!
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 前衛的な理念とラクガキの先駆者！
|ja_rm    = Zen'eiteki-na Rinen to Rakugaki no Senkusha!
|ja_tl    = Pioneer of Avant-Garde Ideals and Graffiti!
|ko       = 아방가르드 이념과 그라피티 선구자!
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¡{{MC|m=Pioneros|f=Pioneras}} de las pintadas e ideas vanguardistas!
|es_tl    = {{MC|Pioneers|mf=1}} of Graffiti and Avant-Garde Ideas!
|fr       = Idées novatrices et graffitis avant-gardistes !
|fr_tl    = Innovative Ideas and Avant-Garde Graffiti!
|ru       = Передовой взгляд на граффити!
|ru_tl    = Progressive View on Graffiti!
|th       = แนวคิดล้ำสมัยและกราฟฟิตี้!
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Khái Niệm Graffiti Tiên Phong!
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Avantgarde-Konzept und Graffiti-Pionier!
|de_tl    = Avantgarde Concept and Graffiti Pioneers!
|id       = Idealisme Grafiti Avant-Garde!
|id_tl    = Avant-Garde Graffiti Idealism!
|pt       = Visionária do Grafite Avant-Garde!
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Vizyoner Avangart Grafitici!
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Visionaria dei graffiti d'avanguardia!
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

[[pt-br:Visionária do Grafite Avant-Garde!]]
[[ru:Передовой взгляд на граффити!]]