{{Stub|Needs citations and expansion on its history. }}
{{See Also|Altar of Mirages}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type = Lore
|type2 = Ancient Civilizations
|region = Sumeru
}}
'''Ay-Khanoum''', meaning "[City of the] Moon Maiden" in the [[Jinn]]'s ancient language and also known as the City of Amphitheaters (or Amphitheater City), was an ancient city in [[Sumeru]] that was jointly ruled by [[Nabu Malikata]] and [[King Deshret]].<ref group="Note">While it can be assumed that [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] was still friends with Nabu Malikata and King Deshret when Ay-Khanoum was established, there has been no direct reference to her presence in Ay-Khanoum lore.</ref> It was likely located in what is today the [[Hypostyle Desert]].<ref name="Altar of Mirages">{{Ref/Domain|Altar of Mirages}}</ref> The two built the city for the Jinn.<ref name="OGM-CN">{{Ref/Item|Oasis Garden's Mourning|note=Chinese|quote={{Zh|鲜花与绿洲的女主人曾与沙漠的王共同'''为镇灵建起了'''「圆形剧场之城」阿伊·哈努姆，在古老镇灵的语言中乃是「月女城」之意。|tl=The Mistress of Flowers and Oases once worked with the King of the Desert '''to build for the Jinn''' the 'Amphitheater City' Ay-Khanoum, which in the Jinn's ancient language means 'Moon Maiden City.'}}}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Item|The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle}}</ref>

==History==
===Legendary Origins===
According to legend, Nabu Malikata was a survivor of the [[Seelie]] race who was exiled to [[Teyvat]] after the war between the [[Heavenly Principles]] and the [[Second Who Came]].<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Amethyst Crown}}</ref> She wandered the barren wastelands for 72 nights and her wounds bled into streams, which then nourished gardens that gave rise to the water lilies that spawned the Jinn. At the Jinn's behest, Nabu Malikata stayed in this garden, and [[Padisarah]]s bloomed wherever she went.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Ay-Khanoum's Myriad}}</ref> This is presumably the location where she and King Deshret established Ay-Khanoum as a city for the Jinn.<ref>Viewpoint: [[Viewpoint/Refugee Shelters|Refugee Shelters]] (Aaru Village)</ref>

An alternate account of Ay-Khanoum's origins is given in ''[[The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle]]'', which claims that King Deshret captured the Jinn in magic bottles both out of his curiosity and to enlist their help in his goal of conquering the world. He built Ay-Khanoum to commemorate them, and they in return built his mausoleum. While the reason given for why he built Ay-Khanoum largely corroborates other accounts, it completely excludes Nabu Malikata's existence and its rendition of how King Deshret gained the Jinn's loyalty is not supported by direct accounts from [[Liloupar]], a Jinni who directly served Nabu Malikata and King Deshret, or lore from artifact sets.

===Later History===
A few generations after the fall of [[Gurabad]], Ay-Khanoum was ruled by Garshāsp,<ref>Interactable: Vaguely-Readable Inscription, [[Primal Obelisk#Mausoleum of King Deshret, East (Underground)|Mausoleum of King Deshret, East (Underground)]]</ref> who went on to unite several desert cities under his rule only to meet his end through unknown &mdash; but presumably violent &mdash; means.<ref>Interactable: Vaguely-Readable Inscription, [[Primal Obelisk#Mausoleum of King Deshret, North (Underground)|Mausoleum of King Deshret, North (Underground)]]</ref> 

===Present Day===
Currently, Ay-Khanoum has been reduced to ruins and the towers built upon the sands may have long collapsed. The [[Altar of Mirages]] may be the location of Ay-Khanoum's remains.<ref name="Altar of Mirages"/>

==Legacy==
While giving her self-introduction to Liloupar, [[Babel]] calls the Jinni the "eternal prisoner of Ay-Khanoum."<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Temple Where Sand Flows Like Tears}}</ref>

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* {{w|Ai-Khanoum}}, an {{w|Uzbek language|Uzbek}} name meaning "Lady Moon," was an ancient Hellenistic city located in northern Afghanistan and one of the two capitals of the {{w|Greco-Bactrian Kingdom}}.
** The in-universe meaning of "Ay-Khanoum" is "moon maiden," and the term is derived from the ancient Jinn language.<ref name="OGM">{{Ref/Item|Oasis Garden's Mourning}}</ref>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Ay-Khanoum
|zhs     = 阿伊・哈努姆
|zhs_rm  = Āyī Hānǔmǔ
|zht     = 阿伊・哈努姆
|zht_rm  = Āyī Hānǔmǔ
|ja      = アイ・ハヌム
|ja_rm   = Ai Hanumu
|ko      = 아이・하눔
|ko_rm   = Ai Hanum
|es      = Ai Janum
|fr      = Ay-Khanoum
|ru      = Ай-Ханум
|th      = Ay-Khanoum
|vi      = Ay-Khanoum
|de      = Ay-Khanoum
|id      = Ay-Khanoum
|pt      = Ay-Khanoum
|tr      = Ay-Khanoum
|it      = Ay-Khanoum
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Civilization}}

[[es:Ai Janum]]