{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Ay-Khanoum's Myriad.png
|set   = Flower of Paradise Lost
|piece = Flower of Life
}}
{{Description|An amethyst bloom that has been beautifully sculpted in the image of an ancient, extinct flower.}}
'''Ay-Khanoum's Myriad''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Flower of Paradise Lost]].

==Description==
In a bygone time which only the [[Jinn]] recall, the [[Goddess of Flowers|Lord of Flowers]] was cast aside by the heavens.<br>
Her magnificent vessel was left a savaged husk, her [[Angel|kinsfolk]] punished by way of being stripped of their minds...

Legend has it that the Lord of Flowers wandered the barren wastes for seventy-two nights...<br>
Her heels were worn through by the merciless gravel. Her wounds gushed into limpid springs, turning into streams with no boundaries.<br>
Thence, those streams flowed into verdant gardens, from which sprouted night-blue water lilies.<br>
Water lilies are the mothers of the Jinn, and the Jinn were birthed from intoxicating dreams and the bitter memories of loss.

The first Jinn were creatures of wisdom. They indulged in innocent dreams and love just as sweet.<br>
To thank their creator, the infantile Jinn took their mistress by the arm and granted her a laurel wreath of wild chrysanthemums.

"Oh, Lord of Flowers, master of the garden, we beg of thee &mdash; stay, leave us not!"<br>
"Yes. Please, dream-mother, mistress of forgetting and wine, we beg of you &mdash; remain queen of this garden."

As so, detained by the gentleness of the Jinn, the exiled goddess remained in this garden of flowers.<br>
Gorgeous purple flowers bearing semblance to the moon bloomed wherever she stopped by. They were named "[[Padisarah]]."

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*According to [[Oasis Garden's Mourning]], "Ay-Khanoum" means "Moon Maiden" in the Jinn's ancient language.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ay-Khanoum's Myriad
|zhs     = 月女的华彩
|zhs_rm  = Yuènǚ de Huácǎi
|zht     = 月女的華彩
|zht_rm  = Yuènǚ de Huácǎi
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 月娘の華彩
|ja_rm   = Getsujou no Kasei{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Splendor Colors of a Moon Daughter
|ko      = 월녀의 색채
|ko_rm   = Wollyeo-ui Saekchae
|ko_tl   = Color of Moonlady
|es      = Esplendor de la Dama Luna
|es_tl   = Lady Moon's Splendor
|fr      = Myriade d'Ay-Khanoum
|fr_tl   = Ay-Khanoum's Myriad
|ru      = Великолепие Ай-Ханум
|ru_tl   = Ay-Khanoum's Splendor
|th      = Ay-Khanoum's Myriad
|vi      = Muôn Sắc Của Nguyệt Nữ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Pracht von Ay-Khanoum
|de_tl   = Splendor of Ay-Khanoum
|id      = Ay-Khanoum's Myriad
|pt      = Esplendor da Dama da Lua
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Aykız'ın Enginliği
|tr_tl   = Moongirl's Vastness
|it      = Miriade di Ay-Khanoum
|it_tl   = Ay-Khanoum's Myriad
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Flower of Paradise Lost}}

[[fr:Myriade d'Ay-Khanoum]]
[[ja:月娘の華彩]]
[[th:Ay-Khanoum's Myriad]]
[[tr:Ay-Khanoum Enginliği]]
[[vi:Muôn Sắc Của Nguyệt Nữ]]
[[zh:月女的華彩]]