{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = 
|realname         = Yuna Ayame
|region           = Inazuma

|affiliation      = Watatsumi Island
|affiliation2     = Yuna Clan
|ancestry         = [[Yuna Clan]]
|sibling          = Mouun
|siblingNote      = older twin sister
|title            = Umigozen
}}
{{Lang|'''Yuna''' "'''Umigozen'''" '''Ayame'''|ja=「海御前」菖蒲|ja_rm="Umigozen" Ayame|ja_lit='Honorable Ocean' Ayame}} was a historical figure from [[Watatsumi Island]], [[Inazuma]], who lived around 2,000 years ago. She and her older twin sister [[Mouun]]<ref name="Life of Mouun">{{Ref/Book|The Life of Mouun the Shrine Maiden}}</ref> were descended from the [[Yuna Clan]] and were famous across Inazuma as warriors who participated in the Narukami-Watatsumi War.

Ayame was the original wielder of [[Wavebreaker's Fin]]. It was separated from her during the war and confiscated by the [[tengu]],<ref name="Wavebreaker">{{Ref/Weapon|Wavebreaker's Fin}}</ref> while Ayame's mansion, the [[Palace in a Pool]] located within [[Suigetsu Pool]], was left abandoned and its entrance later sealed after it was covered in seawater.

==Profile==
Mouun and Ayame were twins born to Watatsumi Island's Yuna Clan, whose lineage began in the depths of [[Enkanomiya]]. The two of them took on [[Akuou]] as their apprentice and taught him the Yuna Clan's arts, including whalesongs and the rites of Watatsumi.<ref name="Debates">{{Ref/Book|Debates on the "Viceroy of the East"}}</ref> When the Watatsumi people took up arms against [[Yashiori Island]] and conquered it for its resources, Akuou, Ayame, and Mouun led the invasion.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Everlasting Moonglow}}</ref> At the end of the war, she disappeared into the ocean and never resurfaced.<ref name="Life of Mouun" /><ref name="Wavebreaker" />

==Story==
While Ayame and Mouun were both raised in the Yuna Clan, Mouun became a shrine maiden while Ayame became a diver, making livings by selling the pearls she collected.<ref name="Life of Mouun" /> After Akuou &mdash; then a nameless orphan of unknown origins &mdash; was taken in by [[Orobashi]], the twins took him in as their apprentice and taught him the Yuna Clan's arts. While the three were close, Akuou and Mouun became lovers and are much more closely associated in historical texts than Akuou is with Ayame.<ref name="Debates" />

===Narukami-Watatsumi War===
Watatsumi Island, having been formed from coral broken off [[Orobashi]]'s body, never had proper conditions for raising crops. This led to outbreaks of famine and disease, and the Watatsumi people began to view invasion of the neighboring Yashiori Island as the only way to sustain their livelihoods. While Orobashi refused to agree to an invasion out of fear of the Narukami's power (in this case, [[Ei]]'s),<ref>{{Ref/Book|A Preliminary Study of Sangonomiya Folk Belief}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Book|Treasured Tales of the Chouken Shinkageuchi|1}}</ref> he eventually relented to their pleas and suffering. As Watatsumi Island prepared for war, the Divine Priestess at the time put Ayame and Mouun in charge of leading their first navy.

The initial invasion was a success. The Watatsumi forces conquered Yashiori Island and turned it into a vassal state, with Akuou &mdash; who at the time became known by the Watatsumi people as Touzannou, or King of the Eastern Mountain &mdash; as its king.<ref name="Debates" /> This attracted the attention of the Narukami [[Shogunate]]. Ei took a force with her to repel the invaders, with her tengu general [[Sasayuri]] accompanying her.

After a brutal war, the Narukami forces proved superior, although Sasayuri's life was among their casualties. Ei used [[Musou no Hitotachi]] to slay both Orobashi and Akuou, while Mouun was ambushed and killed by Sasayuri's subordinates when she attempted to retreat after hearing about the deaths of her god and her lover. Ayame disappeared at the end of the war, leaving her ultimate fate a mystery.<ref name="Life of Mouun" /><ref name="Wavebreaker" /><ref name="Debates" />

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* In Japanese folklore, {{Lang|umigozen|ja=海御前}} are a type of {{w|youkai}} said to be the reincarnations of the {{w|Taira clan}} members who threw themselves into the sea following their defeat during the {{w|Battle of Dan-no-ura}}.<ref>Japanese Wikipedia: [https://w.wiki/46EU {{ja|海御前}}]</ref> Similarly, one theory regarding Ayame's fate is that she sailed into the Dark Sea after the Watatsumi forces were subjugated.
** Alternatively, "Umigozen" is a compound of {{Lang|Sea|ja=海}} + {{Lang|{{w|Gozen}}|ja=御前}}, an honorific title for nobility that is often used as a title for {{w|onna-musha}}, or female samurai. This is a nod to how Ayame was a female warrior who had a close relation with the sea (or ocean) through her Yuna Clan lineage.
<!-- Unhide if a Note is used on the page. (See Asase Hibiki's page for an example usage.)
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Ayame
|zhs      = 菖蒲
|zhs_rm   = Chāngpú
|zht      = 菖蒲
|zht_rm   = Chāngpú
|ja       = 菖蒲
|ja_rm    = Ayame
<!-- |ja_tl    = Iris -->
|ko       = 아야메
|es       = Ayame
|fr       = Ayame
|ru       = Аямэ
|th       = Ayame
|vi       = Ayame
|de       = Ayame
|id       = Ayame
|pt       = Ayame
|tr       = Ayame
|it       = Ayame
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[pt-br:Ayame]]
[[th:Ayame]]