{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Ayo.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = 
|group            = Tepetlisaurus
|group2           = Saurians
|title            = 

|ancestry         = Saurian
|father           = [[Anpao]]
|mother           = [[Hanwi]]
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = [[Hnaska]]
|relativeNote     = grandparent
|relative2        = [[Cetan]]
|relativeNote2    = grandparent
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Ayo''' is a quest-exclusive [[Tepetlisaur Whelp]] [[NPC]]  that appears in the {{Quest|Natlan! A New Adventure}}. He<ref>{{Ref/CS|Kachina|1}}</ref> is [[Kachina]]'s [[Saurian]] companion.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Ayo is a young Tepetlisaur and is Kachina's Saurian companion. He lives with his parents [[Anpao]] and [[Hanwi]], and sometimes brings his family to Kachina's home to share meals together with her family.

After Kachina received her [[Ancient Name]] from the [[Wayob]], several people in the tribe became jealous and ordered a hit on Ayo. [[Kinich]] heard about the hit and intervened, making sure that they paid the price for their offense.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Kinich|About Kachina}}</ref>

Ayo's entire family joined the battle against the Abyss. His grandparents [[Hnaska]] and [[Cetan]] died in combat, and he became extremely melancholic, causing his parents great distress. Hanwi sought out Kachina's help when she returned to the tribe to check up on the progress of the [[Traveler]]'s [[Ancient Name]]. On suspicion that he may have been affected by [[Abyssal Corruption]], [[Paimon]] administered a small amount of the [[Draught of Lucidity]] to him, which helped him recover. Later on, when their spirits were drawn to the Traveler, Ayo was delighted to reunite with them. The two elder Tepetlisaurs refused to return to the [[Night Kingdom]] when Citlali tried to send them there for their well-being, telling [[Xilonen]] that they would rather spend time with Ayo, even if it meant being forgotten by the Ley Lines. Xilonen hoped that Ayo could understand the truth once they faded away.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|As the Sun Rises and Sets}}</ref> 

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
Ayo is a juvenile Tepetlisaur, appearing as a [[Tepetlisaur Whelp]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* ''{{w|Ayo#People|Ayo}}'' is a {{w|Yoruba language|Yoruba}} name meaning "joy."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Ayo
|zhs      = 阿尤
|zhs_rm   = Ā Yóu
|zht      = 阿尤
|zht_rm   = Ā Yóu
|ja       = ユーちゃん
|ja_rm    = Yuu-chan
|ko       = 뇽뇽
|es       = Ayo
|fr       = Ayo
|ru       = Айо
|th       = Ayo
|vi       = Ayo
|de       = Ayo
|id       = Ayo
|pt       = Ayo
|tr       = Ayo
|it       = Ayo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Ayo]]