{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Azariq.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|element          = Geo
|deceased         = Killed by [[Jeht]] in [[Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part III]]
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = <!-- Where the character appears, if different from Region -->
|affiliation      = The Eremites
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Azariq''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the [[The Dirge of Bilqis]] [[World Quest]] series.

==Profile==
Azariq is a member of the [[Tanit]] tribe; at some point, he became a trusted subordinate of Matriarch [[Babel]]. Azariq colluded with the [[Fatui]] by helping Babel remove the other Tanit elders without much issue.

After [[Jeht]] desired to find the Eternal Oasis to put her parents to rest, Babel had Azariq assist them in the initial steps to discover it. They then found a large [[Ruin Golem]] in the desert, where Azariq gave instructions on how to power and operate the automaton to reach their destination. At the last destination, Azariq then demanded [[Liloupar]], causing the group to realize he had betrayed them. Azariq and his lackeys were defeated in the ensuing scuffle. In accordance to the tribe rules, Jeht killed him for betraying the tribe and left his body in the automaton as it collapsed.

Upon leaving the automaton, they ran into the other traitor, [[Aderfi]] and discovered that Azariq had plotted further with the Fatui to remove Babel from her position before she realized what he was up to. Liloupar cautioned Jeht to finish their original task first lest the tribe misunderstand her intentions. They then discovered the Eternal Oasis and informed Babel of the news, where she had already suspected him of disloyalty.

===Personality===
Jeht originally saw Azariq as a big brother when she first joined the tribe, as he helped her through her initial days and the grief of her father's untimely demise. They would frequently poke fun at each other.

Despite this, Azariq desired Babel's spot as his own and plotted with the Fatui to do so and intended to make Jeht his wife in the process. Even in his final moments, he was confident that the Fatui would obliterate the Tanit and that the tribe would not accept her for killing one of their own, unaware that Babel had suspected him of betrayal.

===Appearance===
Azariq takes on the appearance of an [[Eremite Stone Enchanter]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Azariq
|zhs     = 阿萨里格
|zhs_rm  = Āsàlǐgé
|zht     = 阿薩里格
|zht_rm  = Āsàlǐgé
|ja      = アザリク
|ja_rm   = Azariku
|ko      = 아자릭
|es      = Azariq
|fr      = Azariq
|ru      = Азарик
|th      = Azariq
|vi      = Azariq
|de      = Azariq
|id      = Azariq
|pt      = Azariq
|tr      = Azariq
|it      = Azariq
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->