{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Babel.png
|realname         = Babel Tanit
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = The Eremites
|affiliation2     = Tanit
|deceased         = Killed by [[Jeht]] in ''[[For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...]]''
|title            = Tanit Matriarch<!-- during fight-->
}}
'''Babel Tanit'''<ref>Interactable, Tanit Camps: [[Tanit Camps#Interactables|Akademiya Emblem-Marked Contract]]</ref> is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the [[World Quest Series]] ''[[Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...]]'' and ''[[The Dirge of Bilqis]]''.

==Profile==
Babel is the Matriarch of the [[Tanit]] tribe and makes decisions on the tribe's behalf. She took in [[Jeht]] after the girl sought out her father [[Jebrael]]'s original tribe following the events of ''[[Golden Slumber]]'', and showed Jeht a level of favoritism which she had never shown other members of the tribe. She greatly emphasizes that the Tanit are a "family" and as such, anyone whom she deems a "traitor" has thus turned against the family and must be eliminated &mdash; and Jeht, as a "half-outsider," is best suited for the task.<ref name="Wisdom Pillars">{{Ref/Quest|Wisdom Has Built Her House, She Has Hewn Out Her Seven Pillars}}</ref>

Shortly before the events of ''The Dirge of Bilqis'', Babel approved of Jeht's request to grant permission for the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] to enter the [[Tanit Camps]]. The two become embroiled in Babel's plans to gain access to the legendary [[Eternal Oasis]] by gaining the favor of the [[Jinni]] [[Liloupar]] and while they do so &mdash; albeit with some unexpected developments &mdash; they find that the goddess Babel worships, [[Nabu Malikata]], is nowhere to be found.

Various documents found around the [[Desert of Hadramaveth]] and the events of ''The Dirge of Bilqis'' make the Traveler harbor suspicions about the Matriarch's trustworthiness. Their fears prove to be justified by the end of ''Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...'', where they discover the full scope of Babel's duplicity and, after revealing her trickery to Jeht, confronts Babel and the Tanit tribe once and for all. In the ensuing battle, Babel is killed by Jeht, but not before informing her that the rest of the Eremites would spurn her, having sent scouts to inform them.

===Personality===
Babel has a domineering personality and is obsessed with holding power, but maintains enough control over her outward expressions to maintain a cordial and professional front. 

She is a master of manipulation, having tricked the [[Fatui]] Desert Expedition Investigation Team into aiding her in securing her hold over the Tanit, promising to lead them to the Eternal Oasis if they did, only to backstab them once they had provided her with Snezhnayan supplies and technology.<ref>Interactable: [[Captain Zoya Snezhevna's Reports#Captain Zoya Snezhevna's Report (I)|Captain Zoya Snezhevna's Report (I)]]</ref> To keep her hold on the tribe, Babel simply eliminates anyone that poses a threat to her goals, using others as a proxy to eliminate them. This even includes those who were loyal to her, such as Jeht, as she did not hesitate to remove her when she refused to kill the Traveler.

===Appearance===
Babel takes on the appearance of an [[Eremite Scorching Loremaster]].

==Story==
===History===
At some point in her life, Babel had a daughter but lost her to the sands at some point prior to the Traveler's arrival.

Babel sent groups to explore both [[Gurabad]] and attempt to discover the Eternal Oasis. One such group included Jebrael and Samail, where she attempted to remove adherent followers of [[King Deshret]] as part of her true plan, sending a mole named [[Tarafa]] to eliminate them. Tarafa was successful in his task until he was sent to a group that consisted of Jebrael and [[Samail]], as the former correctly deduced her intentions and feigned death, killing Tarafa before he could kill Samail. The two then left the tribe,<ref>Interactables: [[Pathfinders' Log]]</ref> which irritated her greatly and made her consider him a traitor. The groups sent to the Eternal Oasis likewise perished, so she made it taboo for other members to follow them, though she likely had sent them there with malicious intent.

Eventually, the [[Fatui]] came, seeking the Eternal Oasis. With [[Azariq]]'s help, Babel consolidated her power by having the other Tanit elders removed from their position in return for [[Snezhnaya]]n supplies and technology, which she accepted at the time. Once she acquired the supplies, she backstabbed them, claiming that she had underestimated their treachery when she had no intentions of sharing the Eternal Oasis with them.

===''The Dirge of Bilqis''===
Jebrael's daughter, [[Jeht]], eventually discovered the Tanit and Babel accepted her into the tribe as a "half-outsider", where she quickly proved herself, so Babel had her eliminate the other elders who posed a "threat" to her. When the Traveler did arrive, they saw Babel punish a former member before she saw them and apologized for what they had just seen. She then sent them to Jeht, who was looking for the Eternal Oasis to put her parents to rest and had Azariq assist them in the process.

During the journey, [[Aderfi]] attempted to remove the Traveler with hired Eremites but failed, causing him to flee. Babel was made aware of this shortly after they returned, so she had Jeht eliminate him if given the chance. Later on, Azariq betrayed them as he sought to take her spot as his own, but the plot was foiled and Jeht killed him in response. When they returned with news of the oasis and Azariq's betrayal, Babel had already suspected him of disloyalty and expressed regret at not ending him herself.

===''Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters''===
Babel wanted to access the [[The Orchard of Pairidaeza]] to secure the position as the sole prophetess of [[Nabu Malikata]]. She had originally attempted to deal with the Fatui to accomplish this goal, but eventually found the partnership with them to be too troublesome to be of value. She developed a new plan upon learning that the Traveler had become [[Liloupar]]'s master: kill the Traveler, take control of the [[Jinni]] for herself, and use her power to access The Orchard to overthrow the [[Sumeru Akademiya]].

She attempted to talk Jeht into eliminating the Traveler, but she refused, causing Babel to question her loyalty. Though she had tired of working with the Fatui, she made a deal with [[Froderock Fronkonsteen]], offering Jeht as a "live sample" for his experiments to get rid of her.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields...}}</ref> She then separately told both the Traveler and Jeht that the other had betrayed the tribe to the Fatui and sent them to investigate. Her plan was for the Traveler to be killed by either Jeht or the Fatui, and dispatched [[Nayram]] and [[Rezki]], two of her best Falcons, to eliminate whoever remained.

The Traveler, who was investigating her claims of Jeht's treachery, discovered the full extent of the plot and informed Jeht upon meeting up with her, defeating the Fatui and killing her Falcons as they arrived to finish the job. They then returned together to confront Babel, who confessed to the entire scheme and attempted to kill them both with her tribe. However, the two quickly made short work of them and defeated her. Just before Jeht killed her, Babel revealed that she had long sent scouts to the other tribes to warn them of her "treachery," so that she would be seen as dangerous and untrustworthy by the other Eremites.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...}}</ref>

==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Babel}}

{{Dialogue start}}
;(After completing [[The Dirge of Bilqis]])
:'''Babel:''' (...The Eternal Oasis is in the hands of the Tanit tribe, as long as our people gain control over that place.)
{{Dialogue end}}

{{Dialogue start}}
;(After completing [[Apocalypse Lost]])
:'''Babel:''' (...That Jinni has gone silent, Perhaps... No, no need to rush.)
{{Dialogue end}}

{{Dialogue start}}
;(Before confronting in [[For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...]])
:'''Babel:''' (...Sure enough, they're still alive, like poisononous insects...!)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Babel:''' Oh, Traveler. Back from exploring, are you?
:{{DIcon}} About the traitors...
::'''Babel:''' You speak of Aderfi and Azariq, yes? Their actions have shamed the Tanit, and before a guest no less...
::'''Babel:''' They spent too long in contact with those northerners, and forgot that they were children of the Tanit, bound to the rules of the tribe.
::'''Babel:''' Thankfully, I still have Jeht... She has lived up to my expectations and more.
:{{DIcon}} About Jeht...
::'''Babel:''' Jeht? She is a good child. She learns our ways quickly and greets trouble with neither grimace nor complaints.
::'''Babel:''' Heh. Speaking of her, it's a shame that there was an... incident between us and her father in years prior...
::'''Babel:''' But I'm just glad that Jeht has returned to us. Though her father... *sigh* I suppose we can consider this a delayed resolution.
::'''Babel:''' She likes you, you know. I can tell.
::'''Babel:''' So... Please don't disappoint her and ruin the friendship you have.
:{{DIcon}} About Gurabad and Liloupar...
:;(After [[Apocalypse Lost]] is completed)
::'''Babel:''' So the Mother of the Jinni no longer speaks, for she chose to leave us...
::'''Babel:''' That truly is... lamentable. Still, she returned to her destiny. Perhaps this might be the best ending she, of us all, could have attained.
::'''Babel:''' But a Jinni's power will not leave their contracted master. The bottle must contain some vestiges of her power, yes?
::'''Babel:''' Hehe. The Mother of the Jinn might have departed, but the pact remains. I hope that you can take care of it... and yourself... in the desert.
:{{DIcon}} See you.
::'''Babel:''' Farewell, most esteemed guest. Know that you will always be welcome amongst the Tanit. 
{{Dialogue end}}

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* In the Hebrew Bible, {{lang|Babel|he=בָּבֶל|he_rm=bāḇel}} is another name for {{w|Babylon}}, the capital city of the Babylonian Empire which is known in the Bible as both a city of wisdom and a city of vice. The name is commonly associated with the {{w|Tower of Babel}}, which was constructed in Babylon and was the focus of a Biblical story warning of the dangers of pride. Most of the quests and achievements in the ''Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters'' derive their names from Bible passages about the fall of Babylon:
** ''Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters'' is from {{w|Jeremiah 51|Jeremiah 51:55}} (New International Version): ''The Lord will destroy Babylon; he will silence her noisy din. Waves of enemies will rage like great waters; the roar of their voices will resound.''
** ''[[Behold, the Sign Comes Like A Thief...]]'' is from {{w|Revelation 16|Revelation 16:15}} (King James Version): ''Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame.'' (Additional information found under [[Behold, the Sign Comes Like A Thief...#Etymology|Behold, the Sign Comes Like A Thief... § Etymology]].)
** ''[[Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields...]]'' is from Jeremiah 51:11 (King James Version): ''"Make bright the arrows; gather the shields: the Lord hath raised up the spirit of the kings of the Medes: for his device is against Babylon, to destroy it; because it is the vengeance of the Lord, the vengeance of his temple."''
** ''[[For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...]]'' is from Jeremiah 51:9 (New International Version): ''"We would have healed Babylon, but she cannot be healed; let us leave her and each go to our own land, for her judgment reaches to the skies, it rises as high as the heavens."''
*** The original Chinese quest title is instead from {{w|Revelation 18|Revelation 18:5}} (New International Version): ''For her [Babylon's] sins are piled up to heaven, and God has remembered her crimes.''
** ''[["...For She Shall Surely Requite."]]'' is from Jeremiah 51:56 (King James Version): ''Because the spoiler is come upon her, even upon Babylon, and her mighty men are taken, every one of their bows is broken: for the LORD God of recompences shall surely requite.''

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Babel
|zhs     = 芭别尔
|zhs_rm  = Bābié'ěr
|zht     = 芭別爾
|zht_rm  = Bābié'ěr
|ja      = バベル
|ja_rm   = Baberu
|ko      = 바벨
|es      = Babel
|fr      = Babel
|ru      = Бабель
|th      = Babel
|vi      = Babel
|de      = Babel
|id      = Babel
|pt      = Babel
|tr      = Babel
|it      = Babel
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}