{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19038
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Yun Jin
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Song That Knows Grace
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = 
|prev          = After the Curtain Falls
|characters    = Boyi; Shiyun; Traveler; Yun Jin; Yunning
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Backstage Suspicions''' is a quest in [[Yun Jin]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[A Song That Knows Grace]].

==Steps==
# Catch up with [[Shiyun]] and [[Boyi]]
# Listen in on Shiyun and Boyi's conversation
# Follow Shiyun and Boyi
#* This activates [[Stealth]] mode for the Traveler.
#* Do not check in with Yun Jin. Choosing this option fails the Stealth mission.
#* Stay hidden for now and check in with Yun Jin. Continue with the quest to '''Ending: And Few Friends You Shall Find'''.
# Report back to Yun Jin
#* Failing the previous Stealth mission completes the quest at this step with '''Ending: A Shame That the Road is Rocky'''.
# Give [[Yun Jin's Personal Letter|the letter]] to Shiyun
# Go back to Heyu Tea House to confront Boyi

==Dialogue==
===Suspicious Trails===
{{Quest Description|The self-proclaimed Editor-in-Chief of The Steambird and a journalist come for an ad-hoc interview with Yun Jin, but they seem somewhat suspicious...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Yun Jin again, optional)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903756 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' They must have {{Color|buzzword|left the tea house by now}}. Let me know if you find anything out.

;(Go to downstairs)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 shiyun 01.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' I just, ugh... How can you be so cruel to Ms. Yun!?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 01.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Shh! Keep your voice down. Whatever you've got to say, it can wait until we're out of earshot. We'll both be in hot water if Yun Jin finds out!
----
;(If you are too far)
::'''''You do not know where the two have gone...'''''
::
:;(Proceed to [[Backstage Suspicions#Suspicious Trails (Continuation)|Suspicious Trails (Continuation)]])

;(If you are too close)
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 boyi 01.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Eh? Who're you... Oh, the one with Yun Jin just now.
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 boyi 02.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' So you've been lying in ambush for us, huh... Hey, c'mon! Scram!
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 shiyun 01.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Uh, okay... okay!
::
::'''''You do not know where the two have gone...'''''
::
:;(Proceed to [[Backstage Suspicions#Suspicious Trails (Continuation)|Suspicious Trails (Continuation)]])

;(Follow Shiyun and Boyi)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903851 boyi 01.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' *sigh* What is wrong with you? Why can't you get it into your head?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903851 boyi 02.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Quit asking dull questions and start thinking about how to win over our readers. Do I make myself clear?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903851 boyi 03.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' I don't think you realize what a golden opportunity you have here. How many journalists would give anything they had to trade places with you right now, huh? Ever think about that?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903851 shiyun 01.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' You... You just don't get it! Ms. Yun has put her heart and soul into—
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903851 boyi 04.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Enough! Stop yelling in public! Or do you want Ms. Yun to hear about all the lies you're spreading about her?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903851 shiyun 02.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Me!? You're the one making everything up...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903851 boyi 05.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Huh, well you sure seemed pretty happy chatting to her, so don't act like you ain't a part of this. And don't forget the contract you signed...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903851 boyi 06.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Come. We'll continue our little chat over there. You need to listen and learn, young lady!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903851 shiyun 03.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' I... I...
;(Proceed to [[Backstage Suspicions#A Strict Contract|A Strict Contract]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===A Strict Contract===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 02.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Are you ready to stop whining now? Do you have any idea how rare an opportunity like this is for a small-time paper like ours!?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 03.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Just think of the sales if we can get an exclusive... Hehehe, we'd have enough to cover your salary for two lifetimes!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 shiyun 02.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' B—But... what about us pretending to be from [[The Steambird]]? Aren't you worried she'll find out?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 04.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Hmph. You really think she still would've talked to you if I hadn't told that little white lie? Besides, what have you got to be afraid of?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 05.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' As long as we make it sound like an eyewitness account, how will she be able to refute it? Heck, if she actually presses the issue, I'll probably have to thank her for keeping it current for me! Hehehe...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 shiyun 03.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' This is horrible! I will not let you treat Ms. Yun like this!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 06.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Pff. I don't know who she thinks she is, anyway. "Ooh, I sang a couple of shows, so now I'm a national superstar!" Gimme a break.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 07.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' No one wants to read about your sopranos or your falsettos. We give the readers what they want! That's how this business works.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 08b.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Hmph, case in point — that blond {{MC|guy|gal|mc=1}} seemed to be getting along pretty well with Yun Jin. There's definitely a story there, even if there isn't...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 shiyun 04.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' That's enough! I'm reporting you to the Millelith!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 09.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Report me? What for? Libel? Identity theft? Good luck with that. I haven't written anything! Where's your proof?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 shiyun 05.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' I... I...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 10.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' You'd better tread carefully, Missy! First you neglect your own duties, and now you're trying to get in the way of mine?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 11.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' You signed the contract, you know full well the consequences. If you sabotage this interview, I'll make sure you lose everything you have. I will ruin you, you understand!?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 shiyun 06.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' ...Why oh why did I sign that contract...
:{{DIcon}} (No need to check in with Yun Jin. This ends now!)
:;(Proceed to [[Backstage Suspicions#Alerting the Quarry|Alerting the Quarry]])
:{{DIcon}} (I should stay hidden for now and check in with Yun Jin.)
:;(Proceed to [[Backstage Suspicions#Long-Term Planning|Long-Term Planning]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Pre-Ending: A Shame That the Road is Rocky===
====Suspicious Trails (Continuation)====
{{Quest Description|update|You could not expose the two people you were following, but it is not hard to guess that they are up to no good...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Yun Jin)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Did you find anything out?

;(If you were too far)
::{{DIcon}} I couldn't catch up with them...
::'''''You tell Yun Jin about everything that happened...'''''
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I see... Well, don't worry, it's okay.

;(If you were too close)
::{{DIcon}} They got away...
::'''''You tell Yun Jin about everything that happened...'''''
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I see... Well, it's not unexpected.

;(Proceed to [[Backstage Suspicions#Ending: A Shame That the Road is Rocky|Ending: A Shame That the Road is Rocky]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Alerting the Quarry====
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} (No need to check in with Yun Jin. This ends now!)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 12.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Who's there!?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 13.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Oh... it's you? What do you want? ...I'm warning you, don't do anything stupid, or, or I'll...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 14.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' I'll spread a lovely little story about you and Yun Jin throughout all of Liyue!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 shiyun 07.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Wait a second! I was so focused on Ms. Yun earlier that I didn't notice who it was...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 15.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Huh? What are you talking about?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 shiyun 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 shiyun 08b.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' {{MC|He's|She's|mc=1}} the Traveler! You know? The one who even the Qixing will listen to!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 16.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' What the... What have I gotten myself into...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 17.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Ahem... Uh, hehe, no need to get all worked up here, wh—wh—what we meant was, was...
:{{DIcon}} No more lies.
:{{DIcon}} Stop playing dirty.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 18.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Ahem! Um... Yes! Quite right, you're quite right. I'm disappearing into thin air as we speak...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 19.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' (Ugh, just my luck...)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 shiyun 09.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' I'm so, so sorry... I had no idea it was going to turn out like this.
:{{DIcon}} I heard everything. It's not your fault.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 shiyun 10.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' But I'm so ashamed... I don't know how I could face Ms. Yun now.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 shiyun 11.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' So please, please pass on my apologies to her.

;(Talk to Yun Jin)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Did you find anything out?
:{{DIcon}} Shiyun asked me to apologize on her behalf...

:'''''You tell Yun Jin about everything that happened...'''''

:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I see... Well, it's not unexpected.
;(Proceed to [[Backstage Suspicions#Ending: A Shame That the Road is Rocky|Ending: A Shame That the Road is Rocky]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: A Shame That the Road is Rocky====
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It's just a bit of a shame that I didn't get to talk with Shiyun for longer.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' She genuinely understands opera, and has a passion for it. That's not something you can act.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' If I had the chance to talk with her more in-depth, it could well provide me with some fresh inspiration.
:{{DIcon}} I didn't know that this is what you had in mind.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunning 01.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Yun Jin, Yun Jin...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunning 02.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Did you agree to another interview without notifying me?
:{{DIcon}} I don't think they're coming back...
:{{DIcon}} She didn't say anything to give cause for concern...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunning 03.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' These tabloid types are total scumbags, all of them. Who knows what innocent detail he might end up turning into the next big scandal?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunning 04.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Sure, nothing might have come of it today. But who knows where it'll go tomorrow.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunning 05.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Short of catching them all in their lair in one fell swoop... Who knows when this is going to end.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' *sigh*... I'm sorry, I was careless on this occasion.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunning 06.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Well, wallowing isn't gonna solve anything. C'mon, go tell everyone in the troupe to be extra cautious during this time.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903801 yunning 07.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Geo Lord bless us! Spare us any more offstage drama...
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name = A Shame That the Road is Rocky
|character   = Yun Jin
|act = 1
|description = It looks like Yun Jin will be busy for a while...
}}

===Long-Term Planning===
{{Quest Description|update|You've investigated the two people and their motives, and decide to meet Yun Jin to discuss an appropriate response.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} (I should stay hidden for now and check in with Yun Jin.)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 boyi 20.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Hmph, well think very carefully about what you're going to do. This is a rare opportunity. Now, I need to think how to phrase these interview questions...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903802 shiyun 12.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' You... Hey! Wait!

----
;(If you approach them instead)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 boyi 01.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Eh? Who're you... Oh, the one with Yun Jin just now.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 boyi 02.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' So you've been lying in ambush for us, huh... Hey, c'mon! Scram!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 shiyun 01.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Uh, okay... okay!
:'''''Hangout Event Ended:''''' You do not know where the two have gone...
----
;(Talk to Yun Jin)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903804 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Did you find anything out?
:{{DIcon}} Well...

:'''''You tell Yun Jin about everything that happened...'''''

:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903804 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I see. I knew there was something fishy about that editor-in-chief, but this is a bigger plot twist than I expected...
:{{DIcon}} Should we report it to the Millelith?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903804 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Not yet. All he's done so far is ask a few questions, there's nothing in print yet. The Millelith wouldn't be able to do anything even if we got them involved.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903804 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Besides, if we rush to report him now, it's only going to give him more material to write about.
:{{DIcon}} It can't be the first time they've done this...
:{{DIcon}} There has to be some evidence at their base of operations...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903804 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' You're right. But tabloids like theirs never have permanent offices and printing presses.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903804 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' The moment they hear anything, they'll disappear without a trace, and you've got no chance of catching them.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903804 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I'm... actually more concerned about another detail you told me...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903804 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' (Traveler), would you be willing to do me another favor? I want to send a letter... to that journalist.
:{{DIcon}} Sure, leave it to me.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903804 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Great. Thank you.

:'''''Yun Jin immediately drafts a letter...'''''

:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903804 yunjin 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Phew... The editor should be here soon, so I'll stay here to deal with him. I'll have to rely on you to deliver the letter.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903804 yunjin 11.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' If everything goes well, we should be able to get some breathing room for a while.
:;(Obtain [[Yun Jin's Personal Letter]])

;(Talk to Yun Jin, optional)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903850 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Thanks for your help. I'll try to keep him occupied and buy us more time.
----
;(At the location)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903809 boyi 01.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' I've had it with you! Do you think contracts are just bits of paper?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903809 boyi 02.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' If we weren't on a tight deadline, you'd better believe I'd fire you right here on the spot!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903809 boyi 03.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' You will stay here and reflect on your actions if you know what's good for you. Sorry, but I'm not babysitting you anymore today.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903809 shiyun 01.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Ohh... What am I going to do...

:'''''You show up once the Editor-in-Chief is sufficiently far away...'''''

:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903809 shiyun 02.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Ah! You're, you're...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903809 shiyun 03.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' ...The one who was with Ms. Yun earlier?
:{{DIcon}} Yun Jin wrote this letter for you.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903809 shiyun 04.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Really? Ms. Yun wrote me a letter? ...I'll read it right away!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903810 shiyun 01.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Hmm... hmm... Wow. Really? I can't believe this!
:{{DIcon}} What does the letter say?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903810 shiyun 02.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Ms. Yun says that under Liyue law, any penalty charge I have to pay may not substantially exceed the amount of my salary.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903810 shiyun 03.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' You can't have a labor contract that would completely bankrupt the employee in the event of a breach. It's not legally binding.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903810 shiyun 04.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' So not only can he not get any money off of me, I can take this contract to the Ministry of Civil Affairs and blow the whistle on him!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903810 shiyun 05.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' I didn't think about any of this when I was job hunting... I just signed the contract without a second thought...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903810 shiyun 06.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' I always thought Ms. Yun was all about opera... who would have thought she was such a legal expert, too?
:{{DIcon}} This is quite the solution she came up with.
:{{DIcon}} She is quite amazing.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903810 shiyun 07.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' *sigh* If only I hadn't gone out of my way to get Ms. Yun's attention in the first place, none of this would have happened...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903810 shiyun 08.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' I didn't expect it to end up with Ms. Yun helping fix my life problems...
:{{DIcon}} Can you lead me to their base of operations?
:{{DIcon}} Can you provide more evidence?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903810 shiyun 09.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Well... Mr. Boyi says I'm still on probation, so he won't tell me where their work location is...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903810 shiyun 10.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Plus, I give all my draft articles straight to him, so I don't have anything in the way of evidence...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he's planning to fire you once your probation period ends?
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1903810 shiyun 11.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' I... wouldn't put it past him.
:{{DIcon}} What a calculating and conniving guy.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903810 shiyun 12.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' But the letter says that my statement and the contract are enough to get the Millelith looking into it!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903810 shiyun 13.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' If {{Color|buzzword|Ms. Yun}} says so, I'm sure she must be right! Let's go {{Color|buzzword|confront him}} right now.
----
;(Confront Boyi)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...Okay, I think I've covered this topic pretty thoroughly now. Unless you had any more questions?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 boyi 03.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Haha... What can I say Ms. Yun, you have so many wonderful qualities. Let's not quit while the ball's rolling, huh? Otherwise, I'll think of something I didn't ask later, and by then it'll be too late.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 boyi 04.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' So, uh... Hey, where's that, uh, friend of yours who was here earlier? You guys seemed pretty close?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 boyi 05.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Not intentionally avoiding the interview, surely? Hehehe...
:{{DIcon}} I'm right here.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' (Traveler), you're finally back. This poor gentleman's been waiting for you.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 boyi 06.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' You... you're with Shiyun? Hey, what's going on here? Hey, Shiyun, don't forget the contract you signed!
:{{DIcon}} Funny, that contract's just what we came to discuss.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 shiyun 02.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' The Traveler clued me in! This contract you made me sign? It isn't worth the paper it's written on!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 boyi 07.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Isn't worth the paper it's written on? Don't be ridiculous. It's all there, clear as day. Don't you think I did my research?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Research? Oh, so you're a news editor, but you also have an interest in law?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 boyi 08.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Heh... hehe, she's new, and she's making a fool of herself. She doesn't get how this all works. My apologies, now, back to our interview...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' No, it's okay. In fact, I've found myself delving into some legal texts myself recently. It's all so intricate and complicated that it's very difficult to take it all in.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' The contracts of our opera troupe are a case in point. I'd finally finished reading through the relevant documentation from the Yuehai Pavilion when suddenly the Qixing announced a new interpretation...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' So I'm just curious — how can you be completely sure that you didn't miss anything when you were researching this?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 boyi 09.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Uh... I... I'm pretty sure I read everything relevant...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 shiyun 03.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Under current legislation, the penalty terms in my labor contract are unreasonable and exploitative. I could report you to the Millelith for extortion!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 boyi 10.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' N—Nonsense! That's ridiculous...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' My goodness... Sir, it seems that we should probably bring this interview to a close here.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 boyi 11.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Don't listen to her! I run a legitimate business, everything we do's aboveboard...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Oh, I have no doubt about that at all, Sir. But this reminds of a case I read about not long ago. Once you get reported and the Millelith start scrutinizing your business, well...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Not only do they look into every license you have and every work you've ever published, but everything down to your fire safety policy will come under their magnifying glass, as well...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' So if you don't get back now and start preparing for their arrival...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 11.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Well... I mean, I don't mind continuing the interview at all. But I'd hate to take up too much of your precious time if there's any aspect of your business you want to double-check from a legal standpoint.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 boyi 12.ogg}} '''Boyi:''' Ugh... You... I won't forget this!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 shiyun 04.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Hey, where do you think you're going!

:'''''The Editor-in-Chief leaves in a panic...'''''

:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 shiyun 05.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Ms. Yun, why did you stop me?
:{{DIcon}} Are we really just going to let him go?
:{{DIcon}} He'll destroy all the evidence the moment he gets back.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 shiyun 06.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Right! And the contract I have is enough to get him arrested... Isn't it?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 12.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hehe...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 13.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I'm not a legal expert. I haven't the faintest idea.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 14.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' All that was just an act, aimed at getting him to show us the way.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 shiyun 07.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' An act? Show us the way to what?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunning 01.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Yun Jin, the Millelith are after him. Based on his movements, it looks like Boyi is heading back to his headquarters.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunning 02.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' *sigh* I really hope they teach these tabloids a lesson they won't forget. It'd sure make my life a lot easier...
:{{DIcon}} Ah, I see what's going on.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 15.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yes, I had Yunning report to the Millelith while you were delivering the letter for me.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 16.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' The penalty terms in Shiyun's contract are too severe. Even if they don't violate the law, I'm sure he must be taking advantage of some loopholes.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 17.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Anyone who works like that is sure to have a guilty conscience. So all I had to do was put on a little show, starring the editor-in-chief of The Steambird...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 18.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' And now, he is sure to lead us to the solid evidence.
:{{DIcon}} I can't believe you even kept us in the dark...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 19.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm-hmm, well, acting has to be authentic to be believable.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunning 03.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Their little publication will go out of business in no time. Good riddance, I say.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunning 04.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' I hope this gets the other tabloids to rein in their antics, too... Hey, here's a thought — maybe we could get him to rat on some of his rival publications?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 shiyun 08.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Ah... I only just realized what this means...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 shiyun 09.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' I'm... I'm going to be out of a job, aren't I?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 20.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm... Well, would you still be interested in submitting an article to The Steambird — but the real one, this time?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 shiyun 10.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Y—Yes, of course! But... would they really accept an article from me...?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 21.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yunning, when can we arrange the next interview for?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunning 05.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Oh, so NOW you're asking me? Two days from now. Morning. Work for you?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 22.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Okay. Shiyun, let's continue our discussion about tonight's play two days from now.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 shiyun 11.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Does this mean... I get to do a full feature interview with you?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 shiyun 12.ogg}} '''Shiyun:''' Okay... I think I know what I want to write about! Thank you, Ms. Yun!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1903805 yunjin 23.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Don't mention it. I'm sure it will be a source of inspiration for both of us.
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: And Few Friends You Shall Find====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name = And Few Friends You Shall Find
|character   = Yun Jin
|act = 1
|description = It is far easier to earn a million Mora than to find someone who knows your heart.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Backstage Suspicions
|zhs     = 幕后疑云深
|zhs_rm  = Mùhòu Yíyún Shēn
|zht     = 幕後疑雲深
|zht_rm  = Mùhòu Yíyún Shēn
|zh_tl   = Suspicion Behind the Scenes
|ja      = 裏に潜む疑惑
|ja_rm   = Ura ni Hisomu Giwaku
|ja_tl   = Suspicions Lurking Behind
|ko      = 이면에 감추어진 의혹
|ko_rm   = Imyeon-e Gamchueojin Uihok
|ko_tl   = Suspicion Behind the Hidden Sides
|es      = Sospechas detrás de escena
|es_tl   = Suspicions Behind the Scenes
|fr      = Suspicions en coulisse
|fr_tl   = Suspicions Behind the Scenes
|ru      = Подозрения за кулисами
|ru_tl   = Suspicions Behind the Scenes
|th      = หลังฉากที่น่าสงสัย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nghiên Cứu Sau Hậu Trường
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verdächtigungen hinter der Bühne
|de_tl   = Suspicions Behind the Stage
|id      = Kecurigaan di Balik Layar
|id_tl   = Suspicion Behind the Scenes
|pt      = Suspeitas dos Bastidores
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sahne Arkası Entrikaları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sospetti dietro le quinte
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}