{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71516
|image         = Event Quest Backstage Helpers.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = The Exquisite Night Chimes
|requirement   = Complete all challenges in the [[The Exquisite Night Chimes/Paper Theater|Paper Theater]] subevent
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Yinggong
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = A Few Words in the Foreground
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
}}
'''''Backstage Helpers''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[The Exquisite Night Chimes]] Event.

==Steps==
* Unlock the quest by completing [[The Exquisite Night Chimes/Paper Theater#IV: The Valiant Bearded Hero: Adeptus Ex|The Valiant Bearded Hero: Adeptus Ex]]
# Talk to [[Yinggong]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Thanks to you, the performance of Homeward, Bravebeard went smoothly, but it seems that Yinggong has something to say to you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Yinggong:''' Such a great end to the play. You've done well, young one. How did you find it? Was it hard to perform with paper?
:{{DIcon}} It was a piece of cake.
::'''Yinggong:''' Paper plays are different from Liyue Operas. Being able to do everything yourself makes things a lot simpler.
:{{DIcon}} It was a little hard.
::'''Yinggong:''' You're not a performer by trade, so of course you'd be bound to make some mistakes on your first try.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks {{Traveler}} did pretty well. The script itself for the paper play is also very interesting! Paimon wants to see a new story. Yinggong, when will you perform next time?
:'''Yinggong:''' Haha, as long as someone enjoys it. As for next time, I don't know.
:'''Yinggong:''' You see, doing paper plays for kids is actually a hobby of mine. After this, I will return to the [[Yun-Han Opera Troupe]] to handle the wardrobe and props.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? You're with the Yun-Han Opera Troupe? So you can also sing Liyue Opera.
:'''Yinggong:''' I can, to some extent. Who wouldn't be able to carry a tune after staying with the Yun-Han Opera Troupe for so long? Of course, I'm nothing when compared to [[Yun Jin|Ms. Yun]].
:'''Yinggong:''' I actually work with the people behind the scenes. I'm in charge of the wardrobe and props on stage, such as cannons, flags, costumes, accessories, gadgets... Whatever prop you saw on stage, that was me.
:'''Yinggong:''' Some of the costumes and props that the Yun-Han Opera Troupe uses today are hand-me-downs from the past, and others were bought or made by myself.
:'''Yinggong:''' To perform an entire Liyue Opera, there are a lot of people working on stage and behind the scenes. You can't make it happen with just a few actors and actresses.
:'''Yinggong:''' This year's Lantern Rite, Ms. Yun gave some of us backstage helpers some time off, and all of my colleagues are back home to spend the holidays.
:'''Yinggong:''' I've got all this time on my hands, so I decided to put on a paper play for the people here.
:{{DIcon}} You didn't go home?
:'''Yinggong:''' No, I didn't go home. My mother and father passed away two years ago, so it's just me now.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} I'm so sorry.
:'''Yinggong:''' Oh, there's nothing to be sorry about. I don't mind.
:'''Yinggong:''' I'm having a good time by myself at the Lantern Rite. As you can see, those kids loved my paper play.
:'''Paimon:''' We also enjoyed it!
:'''Yinggong:''' Of course I enjoyed it myself as well, otherwise I wouldn't have bothered making all the paper characters and paper settings.
:{{DIcon}} Did you write the story yourself?
:'''Yinggong:''' Not really. Whether it's Liyue Operas, paper plays, or the Tea Master's stories, they all know the tale of the Bravebeard.
:'''Yinggong:''' In their moment of need, when people call for a hero, such heroes will answer the call to save the day.
:'''Yinggong:''' Liyue has no shortage of such heroes. Just put a little spin on their story, and you have something to enjoy.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon has heard a lot about this before. Is this part of Liyue's traditional culture?
:'''Yinggong:''' Haha, yeah, that sounds about right.
:'''Yinggong:''' But while there are always heroes who help out in times of crisis, you can't keep relying on others and have to take responsibility for yourself.
:'''Yinggong:''' Take care of yourself, young {{MC|m=man|f=lady}}. Happy Lantern Rite!
:{{DIcon}} I will. Happy Lantern Rite!
:'''Paimon:''' Happy Lantern Rite!
:'''Yinggong:''' If you have time, come see an opera at the Yun-Han Opera Troupe. Maybe we'll see each other again there.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* [[Qingxing]] and [[Hesheng]] disappear upon completion of the quest.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Backstage Helpers
|zhs     = 幕后人
|zhs_rm  = Mùhòu-rén
|zht     = 幕後人
|zht_rm  = Mùhòu-rén
|zh_tl   = The Person Behind the Stage
|ja      = 舞台の裏方
|ja_rm   = Butai no Urakata
|ja_tl   = Stagehands
|ko      = 무대 뒤의 연출가
|ko_rm   = Mudae Dwi-ui Yeonchulga
|ko_tl   = Backstage Director
|es      = El empleado invisible
|es_tl   = The Invisible Employee
|fr      = Aides en coulisse
|fr_tl   = Backstage Helpers 
|ru      = За кулисами
|ru_tl   = Behind the Scenes
|th      = ผู้อยู่เบื้องหลังฉาก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Người Sau Hậu Trường
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wer hinter der Bühne steht
|de_tl   = Who Stands Backstage
|id      = Asisten di Belakang Layar
|id_tl   = Assistant Behind the Scene
|pt      = Ajudantes dos Bastidores
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sahne Arkası Yardımcıları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Assistenti dietro le quinte
|it_tl   = Assistants Behind the Scenes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[pt-br:Ajudantes dos Bastidores]]
[[ru:За кулисами (задание события)]]