{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Backstage Encounter
|image             = Backstage Encounter.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-08-11 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-08-16 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/112628
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20230811lyney/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = 
}}
{{Description|A great magician never lacks applause and is no stranger to surprise. Of course, that includes the occasional hiccup...}}
'''Herbal Remedies''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.8]].

==Event Duration==
August 11, 2023 12:00 – August 16, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, interact with items in the scene using different Props from the Prop Kit. Find all three missing items to claim in-game rewards.

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, follow the prompts and use Props from the Prop Kit to interact with items in the scene. Find all three missing items to claim in-game rewards.
# Aside from the Props you start out with, complete specified missions to obtain extra Props.
#* Visit the official Genshin Impact Twitter account
#* Visit the official Genshin Impact TikTok account
# After you've found the three missing items, share the event to claim the event wallpaper.

==In-Game Rewards==
Find the three missing items to claim [[Primogem]]s, [[Character Ascension Material]]s, and other in-game rewards.
{{Card|Primogem|40|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Agnidus Agate Fragment|3|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Mora|20,000|show_caption=1}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please claim it in time.
# After you've found the three missing items, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Backstage Encounter
|zhs       = 幕后奇遇
|zhs_rm    = Mùhòu Qíyù
|zht       = 幕後奇遇
|zht_rm    = Mùhòu Qíyù
|zh_tl     = Backstage Encounter
|ja        = 舞台裏の奇遇
|ja_rm     = Butai-ura no Kiguu
|ja_tl     = Backstage Encounter
|ko        = 무대 뒤<->의 만남
|ko_tl     = Backstage Encounter
|es        = Tras bambalinas
|es_tl     = Backstage
|fr        = Rencontre en coulisses
|fr_tl     = Backstage Encounter
|ru        = Встреча за кулисами
|ru_tl     = Backstage Encounter
|th        = การเผชิญหน้าเบื้องหลังเวที
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Cuộc Gặp Nơi Hậu Trường
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Begegnung hinter den Kulissen
|de_tl     = Backstage Encounter
|id        = Petualangan di Balik Panggung
|id_tl     = Adventures in the Backstage
|pt        = Por Trás das Cortinas
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Sahne Arkası Buluşması
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Incontro dietro le quinte
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[pt-br:Por Trás das Cortinas]]
[[ru:Встреча за кулисами]]