{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Baizhu
|id             = 368167
|image          = Character Baizhu Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Baizhu''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Prescription...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Time for a house call...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Herbs...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} The art of maintaining good health...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} *coughing*

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} The Realm Within...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Interesting...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' They say that a person's residence is an accurate reflection of their character, and I find it to be quite sensible.
:{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Now that I've seen your Realm Within for myself... Yes, you indeed possess a most intriguing character.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' My way of living differs slightly from those of others, but please don't worry about it.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' I've brought everything that's important to me. After all, it's a doctor's responsibility to take care of themselves first and foremost.
::{{DIcon}} What kind of items?
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Ah, just a few things for my personal use. I'm not in the best physical condition, and have to take my medicine as soon as something begins to flare up. That's why I carry a medicine box wherever I go.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Apart from the medicine, there are also quite a few bottles and jars in my possession. They're heavy and take up a lot of space, so I didn't bring too many of them along.
::{{DIcon}} Feel free to bring anything you want.
::{{DIcon}} I have more than enough space to spare.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Thank you, but there really is... a lot.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' You're the owner of this place, and I don't want to take excessive advantage of your hospitality.
::{{A|vo changsheng mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' Ugh, look at him, mincing his words and trying to be polite. Let me explain.
::{{A|vo changsheng mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' If you ask me, "a lot" is a grave understatement. You wouldn't believe how many of those jars there are.
::{{A|vo changsheng mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' It'd probably take more than one empty room for everything to fit. Think twice before you say yes!
::{{DIcon}} I–It's fine.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Hmm... Let me write up a list then. I'll ask Gui to bring them over.
::{{A|vo changsheng mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' You seriously think he'll be able to carry everything on his own? Even if he got Qiqi to help, it'd still be impossible to bring them all in one go.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Perhaps I should take a trip back to the pharmacy to pack everything up, and have them delivered a few boxes at a time...
::{{DIcon}} Just how much stuff do you have?
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Sorry. I'm a bit of a hassle to deal with...

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' What topics might you be interested in? I don't want to bore you with abstruse pharmacology, and you probably don't need to listen to my suggestions on healthy living.
::{{A|vo changsheng mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' Weren't you rambling about your bottles and jars? I think they're good conversation material.
::{{DIcon}} Bottles and jars?
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' That's right. Apart from herbal decoctions, I sometimes also prescribe topical medications for my patients.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Topical medication often comes in the form of ointments and tinctures. The ingredients are complex and require a precise mixing ratio, so making them is a rather complicated process.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Of course, I wouldn't expect my patients to be experts in medicine, so I usually make everything myself.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' The pre-processed ingredients essential for making the medicine are all soaked inside the jars.
::{{A|vo changsheng mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' Yesss. There is lots of excellent stuff in there.
::{{DIcon}} Such as?
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Mostly just herbs. Some contain potent toxins that must be processed before they can be used.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' While we're on the subject, I have to remind you that to some degree, all medicines have detrimental side effects on the body.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' The issue is not limited to a few specific ingredients &mdash; even the mildest medicines have the potential to do more harm than good if they're not used with caution.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' You should refrain from taking medicine unless it's absolutely necessary. Mild discomfort often resolves itself with time.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' So if you ever feel unwell, you should check in with me before taking anything.
::{{DIcon}} Understood, Dr. Baizhu.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' It always pays to be cautious. I had to tell you this even at the risk of sounding insufferable.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Anything I want to do? The human lifespan is limited to no more than a century, and we often find ourselves with endless desires and insufficient time.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' But we don't have to start being all deep and existential in a casual conversation... There's actually something I'm planning to do.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Liyue Harbor is a large place. Sometimes, people get severely injured and become incapacitated, while others may land themselves in situations where it's difficult for them to ask for help.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' In either case, it is often well past the golden hour for treatment when the doctor finally arrives at the scene.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' People often wish for doctors to become more efficient, but I'm not able to teleport between places, and as a result, the best window for treatment is often missed.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' In situations like this, the patient should first try to help themselves.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' There are many ways to render self aid before help arrives, but not everyone is aware of them.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' As a doctor, that's something within my power to change &mdash; I'm thinking of coming up with some ways to teach people basic first aid.
::{{DIcon}} I think that's a great cause.
:::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Being a doctor comes with great responsibility, so I'm just trying to do my duty.
::{{DIcon}} Can I help in any way?
:::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' I've drafted a preliminary plan, but I still need to go over a few details to make the whole process more efficient.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Having someone listen to me while I think aloud at length is already a great help.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' I'll make sure to go over the details with you once I've put together a better plan.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' I might need your help again when the time comes.

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Baizhu.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Good morning, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' The fresh and crisp morning air works wonders for lifting one's spirits. There's no better time to get a head start on any important tasks.
::{{A|vo changsheng mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' Hah, you both look wide awake and ready to seize the day... *yawn* You go on. I'm gonna snooze a while longer.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Baizhu.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Good night, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' It's important to follow the body's natural rhythm and rest when the sun is down. Staying up at night and napping throughout the day may sound tempting, but it's detrimental to your health.
::{{A|vo baizhu mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Ahem, my apologies, I wasn't trying to call you out or anything. I'm just too accustomed to reminding my patients of the importance of sleeping at the right time &mdash; I hope you don't mind.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Feiyun Study Room===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly baizhu study 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' I can tell you've put a great deal of thought into decorating the study.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly baizhu study 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' The potted plant in particular &mdash; it's refined and elegant in appearance, but still carries with it a subtle hint of the wilderness. For those who spend extended periods of time at their desk, it's no doubt a relaxing sight.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly baizhu study 03.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Taking care of the mind is an important part of healthy living. In that sense, the layout of your study is an ideal one.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Cottage Kitchen===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly baizhu kitchen 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' This kitchen looks like a convenient place for not only cooking, but also making decoctions. Thank you for inviting me here.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly baizhu kitchen 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Hmm... This small stove will do nicely, and I already have all the other equipment with me.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly baizhu kitchen 03.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' It's a great relief knowing I won't have to keep my patients waiting. Thank you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Baizhu/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Baizhu/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:白朮/仲間]]
[[ru:Бай Чжу/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Baizhu/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Baizhu/Bạn Đồng Hành]]