{{CharacterTabs}}
<!--{{Quote|Official description|Description from the Official Website<ref>Official Genshin Impact Website: [LINK <character name>]</ref>}}-->
==Personality==
<!--{{Quote|In-game text|In-game character attributes and profile page text}}-->
Many rumors {{not a typo|swirl}} about Baizhu, though most of them are currently unknown &mdash; the only one the player ever hears about is that his traditional herbal medicines are extremely bitter.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Xiangling|About Baizhu}}</ref> Despite the poor taste of his medicine, most Liyue citizens have complete faith in his medical skills, such as [[Keqing]], who considers him the right person to visit when someone cannot identify their symptoms<ref>{{Ref/VO|Keqing|About Baizhu}}</ref> and [[Xinyan]], who is grateful for his highly effective voice preserving medicines.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Xinyan|About Baizhu}}</ref> One of his patients, a sickly young girl named [[Hongdou]], dislikes his medicine greatly and only agrees to visit Bubu Pharmacy because Baizhu is so kind to her, reasoning that just seeing him would make her feel better.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Hongdou}}</ref> She also believes he is very clever.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Good Medicine Tastes Bitter}}</ref> Baizhu's reputation is so great that even the isolated [[Adepti|adeptus]] [[Xiao]] is aware of him,<ref>{{Ref/VO|Xiao|About Baizhu}}</ref> and his employee [[Herbalist Gui]] takes great care in his work to avoid sullying the good name of Dr. Baizhu and Bubu Pharmacy.<ref name="HerbalistGui">{{Ref/NPC|Herbalist Gui}}</ref> Despite his great medical skill, Baizhu is not regarded as "a man of high caliber or great courage."<ref name="Qiqi CS 5">{{Ref/CS|Qiqi|5}}</ref>

After meeting her by chance in the hills, Baizhu took Qiqi in, despite her being a zombie with memory so poor she could barely sort herbs<ref name="Qiqi CS 5" /> or remember his face.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Qiqi|About Baizhu}}</ref> His acceptance of Qiqi was tied to his own personal pursuits,<ref name="Qiqi CS 5" /> and Baizhu has grown increasingly more relentless in his pursuit of eternal life since meeting her.<ref name="Hu Tao CS 4">{{Ref/CS|Hu Tao|4}}</ref> Baizhu has long suffered from an ailment that he is unable to cure, resulting in a poor constitution and weak physical condition. This may explain his interest in eternal life.<ref name="HerbalistGui" /> Despite having some ulterior motives in taking her in, he is able to make Qiqi cancel orders she has given herself by embracing her and speaking words such as "I love you the most." However, the effect is greatly diminished because Baizhu speaks these words very lightly.<ref name="Qiqi CS 3">{{Ref/CS|Qiqi|3}}</ref> At the same time, he quickly acquiesces to whatever she may request from him with no worry at all and affectionately refers to her as "my little Qiqi."<ref name="AQ C1A2P6">{{Ref/Quest|Guizhong (Archon Quest)}}</ref> Qiqi, who is well aware of his intentions, does not mind staying with him because of his concern.<ref name="Qiqi CS 5" />

Furthermore, he is very protective of Qiqi. [[Xingqiu]], though interested in Qiqi's story, finds it is impossible to have a conversation with her whenever Baizhu is around.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Xingqiu|About Qiqi}}</ref> Baizhu has also repeatedly intervened in [[Hu Tao]]'s attempts to lay Qiqi to rest; something that Qiqi dreads and fears. Even after Hu Tao gave Qiqi an exception, she still holds a grudge towards Baizhu for his desire to live longer.<ref name="Hu Tao CS 4" />

Despite the genuine efficacy of his medical practices, his business practices tend to be shady. [[Changsheng]] remarks he is pleased to have found new people to fleece after the sale of Everlasting Incense to the Traveler and Zhongli, although Baizhu does not appear to mind her warnings.<ref name="AQ C1A2P6" /> Despite Changsheng's suggestions of Baizhu's own questionable conduct, he has also had dealings with the legal advisor [[Yanfei]] about charlatans selling ineffective remedies. To [[Paimon]], his sly attitude during their first two meetings seemed strange, yet Yanfei brushed off her concerns and claimed that Baizhu has always acted that way.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Teapot to Call Home: Part I}}</ref>

==Appearance==
<!-- {{See also|character's outfit(s), default first}}
<!-- Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 3-4 sentences. Outfits should be described on the outfit pages. -->
Baizhu is a tall man with light skin and long green hair, half tied up in a bun and secured with a hairstick. He has golden, snake-like eyes and is always seen wearing a pair of gold, ornate, oval-framed glasses.

Baizhu is only ever seen with his pet snake, Changsheng, draped around his neck like a scarf. He also wears a cropped short-sleeved shirt and indigo pants. Over this Baizhu wears a teal-blue sash where his [[Dendro]] [[Vision]] hangs, and a pale blue jacket, resembling a lab coat of sorts, draped around his shoulders like a cape. He also sports golden asymmetrical arm gauntlets, similar to that of [[Xiao]], an anklet and blue flats.

Herbalist Gui, another employee of Bubu Pharmacy, remarks that Baizhu suffers from an unknown ailment that makes him rather frail.<ref name="HerbalistGui" /> Qiqi, despite being a zombie who has to regularly exercise in order to stave off rigor mortis, is in better physical condition than he is.<ref name="Qiqi-VO-StS">{{Ref/VO|Qiqi|Something to Share}}</ref>

==Official Introduction==
<!-- Article from Hoyolab -->
{{Official Introduction
|title     = Living with many maladies, where will one find a cure?
|link      = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/16573702
|character = Baizhu
}}
{{Quote|Dr. Baizhu... Something is bothering him, but he won't tell me anything... He hates death, but he's always researching it... I don't understand... But that's not a problem. I know... that Dr. Baizhu is a good person.|A page ripped out of Qiqi's notebook by an unknown person}}
"There's a pharmacy in Liyue called Bubu, and in it is Dr. Baizhu. His skills make all illnesses better, but his medicines are really bitter!"

This nursery rhyme has been widely spread throughout Feiyun Slope, and it has been used by countless parents to warn their children not to get sick... "or else."

However, it seems that the main character of this nursery rhyme is hardly feared by children. Instead, it is with utmost affection that he is called "Mr. Baizhu" by them.

This impression is mostly attributable to Baizhu's gentle and friendly demeanor. Interacting with him is a most refreshing experience. And no matter how anxious the patient may be, his confident smile will never fail to reassure.

Regrettably, Baizhu cannot save all his patients — himself, for example.

Herbalist Gui has mentioned that Baizhu's physical condition is extremely poor, and he often has to go back to his residence to rest after seeing patients. Even so, his smile never falters while in front of people.

When Gui asked him about this, he replied, "If the doctor looks sick himself, how can his patients face their illnesses with confidence?"

Day after day, Baizhu heals his patients. His ever-present smile hides the numerous bitter medicines he takes and the pain he suffers alone.
<!--
==Character Stories==
{{Character Story
|title1        = Character Details
|text1         = 
|mention1      = 

|title2        = Character Story 1
|friendship2   = 2
|quest2        = 
|other2        = 
|text2         = 
|mention2      = 

|title3        = Character Story 2
|friendship3   = 3
|quest3        = 
|other3        = 
|text3         = 
|mention3      = 

|title4        = Character Story 3
|friendship4   = 4
|quest4        = 
|other4        = 
|text4         = 
|mention4      = 

|title5        = Character Story 4
|friendship5   = 5
|quest5        = 
|other5        = 
|text5         = 
|mention5      = 

|title6        = Character Story 5
|friendship6   = 6
|quest6        = 
|other6        = 
|text6         = 
|mention6      = 

|title7        = 
|friendship7   = 4
|quest7        = 
|other7        = 
|text7         = 
|mention7      = 

|title8        = Vision
|friendship8   = 6
|quest8        = 
|other8        = 
|text8         = 
|mention8      = 
}}

==Namecard==
{{Namecard|Insert namecard name}}
-->
==Constellation==
{{Constellation Lore|Lagenaria}}

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* According to [[Herbalist Gui]], the pharmacist [[NPC]] located at [[Bubu Pharmacy]], Baizhu has a weak constitution. Qiqi claims that even as a corpse, she's in better physical shape than Baizhu.<ref name="Qiqi-VO-StS">{{Ref/VO|Qiqi|Something to Share}}</ref> Because of this, he assigns Qiqi to handle herb-picking, and Herbalist Gui to assemble the medicines.
* Baizhu has a message on the [[Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board#B|Feiyun Slope Bulletin Board]], where he tells people not to be afraid of Qiqi. After [[Hu Tao]] leaves a response, telling him to bring her to the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] so she can be put to rest, Baizhu replies "Please, Director Hu, no more jokes."
* Baizhu is likely the doctor who gives [[Anthony]] the prescriptions in ''[[Miracle Medicine]]'' to cure [[Anna]]'s illness. After completing three versions of the commission, Anna will actually recover.
* Baizhu's name ({{zh|白术}}) is the name of the root of the ''{{w|Atractylodes macrocephala}}'' plant, which is used as an herb in traditional Chinese medicine.
* Baizhu and Changsheng may be inspired from the Chinese legend of the white snake, in which a snake immortal helps a struggling herbalist by curing his patients using his divine power. In the original Chinese story, the herbalist and the snake immortal end up marrying.
* The fact that "Changsheng" ({{zh|长生}}) translates to "longevity" may be a reference to Baizhu's pursuit of eternal life.
* Before [[Version 3.0]], he was the only character in the game to possess a Dendro vision.
* In the Chinese and Japanese transcripts there are multiple people referring to Baizhu as "Mr. Bai" ({{zh|白先生}}), all of which are translated as "Dr. Baizhu" in the English localization, suggesting that "Bai" may be his last name.<ref name="Qiqi-VO-StS" /><ref>{{Ref/VO|Xiangling|About Baizhu}}</ref>
* His constellation, ''{{w|Lagenaria}}'', is the name of a genus of gourd that includes the calabash or "bottle gourd." This is likely in reference to {{Lang|{{w|Li Tieguai}}|zh=李鐵拐}}, one of the {{w|Eight Immortals}}, who had a calabash gourd that contained a medicine that could cure any illness, also called the "elixir of immortality." Like Baizhu, Li Tieguai was known to travel the land and cure the sick.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
===Character Title: Beyond Mortality===
{{Other Languages
|en      = Beyond Mortality
|zhs     = 遵生合和
|zhs_rm  = Zūnshēng Héhé
|zht     = 遵生合和
|zht_rm  = Zūnshēng Héhé
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 遵生合和
|ja_rm   = Junsei Gouwa
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 양생<->의 도
|ko_tl   = Master of Health Care
|es      = El Trasgresor de lo Mortal
|es_tl   = The Transgressor of Mortality
|es_note = While ''trasgresor'' commonly means "one who violates a rule or moral law," in this context it instead means "one who goes beyond a boundary."
|fr      = Transcendant la mortalité
|fr_tl   = Transcending Mortality
|ru      = Преодоление бренности
|ru_tl   = Overcoming of Transience
|th      = หลอมจิตรวมชีพ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sinh Tử Giao Hòa
|vi_tl   = Reconciliation of Life and Death
|de      = Jenseits der Sterblichkeit
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Beyond Mortality
|pt      = Além da Mortalidade
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ölümsüzlüğün Ötesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Mortalità trascesa
|it_tl   = Trascended Mortality
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Character Navbox|link type=lore}}

[[ja:白朮/ストーリー]]
[[ru:Бай Чжу/Лор]]
[[th:Baizhu/เนื้อเรื่อง]]