{{Stub|Check dialogue options, verification of certain lines needed}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79025
|image         = Event Quest Bake-Danuki Wanderlust.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 3)]]
|characters    = Mamesuke; Paimon; Shibasuke; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Pudding Isle/2.8|Pudding Isle]], [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|area          = Golden Apple Archipelago
|subarea       = Pudding Isle
|next          = The Bake-Danukis' Gift
|exp           = 350
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
}}
'''''Bake-Danuki Wanderlust''''' is an event [[World Quest]] in [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] event.

==Steps==
* Start the quest by talking to [[Mamesuke]] on [[Pudding Isle/2.8|Pudding Isle]] with the right half set to Inazuma.
# Use Elemental Sight to look for clues
# Talk to Mamesuke
# Go to the bonsai
# Change the stone formation on the right side of the bonsai to Leisurely Rocks
# Look for Shibasuke on the mountain
# Defeat the Hilichurl guards {{Enemy List|Hilichurl Fighter*3;Pyro Abyss Mage;Blazing Axe Mitachurl}}
# Rescue the bake-danuki
# Talk to the bake-danuki
# Go to the bonsai
# Meet up with Mamesuke
# Change the stone formation on both sides of the bonsai to Leisurely Rocks
# Talk to Mamesuke and Shibasuke
# Catch up with Mamesuke and Shibasuke
#* The bonsai cannot be rearranged during this step.
# Talk to Mamesuke and Shibasuke
## This step and the next can be skipped by gliding into the Storm Barrier from a higher platform.
# Destroy the Anemo Amber
# Talk to Mamesuke and Shibasuke
# Give the Sunsettias to Mamesuke<!--this step didn't appear for me, this quest feels glitchy-->
# Talk to Mamesuke and Shibasuke
# Catch up with Mamesuke and Shibasuke
# Talk to Mamesuke and Shibasuke
# Defeat the Pyro {{Not a typo|Slime}}
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Pyro Slime*4}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Large Pyro Slime*2;Pyro Slime}}
# Talk to Mamesuke and Shibasuke
# Go to the bonsai
# Change the stone formation on both sides of the bonsai to Unyielding Rocks
# Talk to Mamesuke and Shibasuke
# Catch up with Mamesuke and Shibasuke
# Talk to Mamesuke and Shibasuke
# Solve the puzzle
# Talk to Mamesuke and Shibasuke
# Catch up with Mamesuke and Shibasuke
# Defeat the {{Enemy|Ruin Guard|nobr=1}}
# Talk to Mamesuke and Shibasuke
# Go to where the bonsai is once the island's anomalies have stabilized
#* This step is skipped if the Summertime Odyssey acts are completed
# Talk to Mamesuke and Shibasuke
# Go to Windrise

==Gameplay Notes==
* The Flaming Flower can be collected before approaching Mamesuke and Shibasuke to talk about it. It will not respawn for the dialogue, but there are no dialogue changes.
* Completing this quest unlocks [[The Bake-Danukis' Gift]] on the following day, which has [[Katheryne]] (Mondstadt) reward you with 5 [[Crystal Core]]s after speaking with her.

==Dialogue==
{{StubDialogue|Verify the requirements that lead to certain dialogue branches<br />Check a couple of talk-again lines<br /><!--A lot of lines look like they should be locked beind "Tanuki-Bayashi in the Forest" and "Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas", yet I completed all tanuki-related quests and events but still got none of the Kichiboushi- and Ioroi-related dialogue branches... This branching seems glitchy. Also, I don't think Paimon would casually call the Electro Archon "Ei" if the player only just entered Inazuma, so the requirement is probably something else--><!--Have the same issue; gotten dialogue for having completed the event, and for not completing the event-->}}
{{Quest Description|A bake-danuki seems to be looking for help on Pudding Isle...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Mamesuke)
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What's a bake-danuki doing on this island?
:;(If the player has not completed '''[[Tanuki-Bayashi in the Forest]]'''){{verify}}
::{{DIcon}} A bake-danuki?
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, (Traveler), you've never seen one before? They're called bake-danuki!
::'''Paimon:''' It is said that they enjoy disguising themselves and pulling pranks on people in Inazuma's forests.
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mm... Shibasuke...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Did that bake-danuki speak?
:'''Mamesuke:''' Eek! Yellow Fur and... Flying White Fur?<!-- it doesn't seem like anyone got the following dialogue...
:;(If the player has participated in '''[[Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas]]'''){{Verify}}
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! You're just like Kichiboushi! Anyway, it's not Flying White Fur. The name's Paimon!
::'''Mamesuke:''' Paimora? Paimora knows Kichiboushi? Paimora, amazing!
::'''Paimon:''' Not Paimora, Paimon...! So, Kichiboushi is that famous now, huh? His training must be going well!
:;(If the player has not participated in '''[[Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas]]''') -->
:'''Paimon:''' That's "Paimon" to you, not "Flying White Fur" or anything!<!-- if it turns out that players truly experienced branching dialogue here, then this line needs additional indentation -->
:'''Mamesuke:''' Paimora?<!-- same comment as above -->
:'''Paimon:''' Not Paimora! Pai... mon...!<!-- same comment as above -->
:'''Mamesuke:''' Bye... mon...?
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, forget it... Wait! Why are we suddenly able to understand bake-danuki?<!-- it doesn't seem like anyone got the following dialogue, either...
:;(If the player has participated in '''[[Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas]]'''){{Verify}}
::'''Paimon:''' Ioroi once mentioned that bake-danuki can understand humans, but we can't understand them.
::'''Paimon:''' We could understand Kichiboushi before because we'd had a bake-danuki meal, but its effects didn't last that long... -->
:{{DIcon}} These islands have always been really unusual.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah... It's almost like nothing strange is strange here!
:{{DIcon}} What do you mean "we"? All I hear are bake-danuki noises.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Has some strange ability awakened within Paimon? Is Paimon the Tanuki Whisperer now? ... Nah, that can't be it!
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mm... Shibasuke can't find...
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... Paimon's getting confused. You mean you're Shibasuke, and you're searching for something?
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mmm... Dumb White Fur...
:{{DIcon}} So you got separated from Shibasuke. Is that it?
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mm! Smart Yellow Fur! Mamesuke grateful!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph, Paimon's got this one! It says its name is Mamesuke!
:{{DIcon}} Ooh, bravo. Bye-mon bravo.
:'''Paimon:''' (Traveler)! You too!?
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, how did you get here, Mamesuke?
:'''Mamesuke:''' Playing with Shibasuke on unfamiliar boat.
:'''Mamesuke:''' Sleepy... Woke up! Lots of people!
:'''Mamesuke:''' Lots of [[Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard|wind on fists]].
:'''Mamesuke:''' [[Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire|Big cold person.]]
:{{DIcon}} That sounds mighty like the Fatui.
:'''Mamesuke:''' ...The Fatty?
:'''Mamesuke:''' Leave ship and wait in cave. Fatty leave.
:'''Mamesuke:''' Shibasuke find way home, mountain kaboom!
:'''Paimon:''' Mountain kaboom? Oh! Is he referring to the mountains switching...
:'''Paimon:''' What do we do, (Traveler)? Are we responsible for Shibasuke going missing?
:{{DIcon}} Well, guess we'll have to take responsibility and help Mamesuke search.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, but how? ... Oh, Paimon knows what to do! Let's look for clues with your {{color|buzzword|Elemental Sight}}!

;(If the player attempts to rearrange the bonsai pot)
:'''Paimon:''' Mamesuke is still in the mountains! If we switch the mountain styles now, finding Shibasuke will be the least of our problems! Even Mamesuke might get lost!

;(Talk to Mamesuke again)
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mm... Shibasuke...

;(Interact with the leaf)
:'''Paimon:''' It's a leaf that contains the power of Anemo. Huh, speaking of those...
:{{DIcon}} It's a leaf from the Mondstadt-styled mountain...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, but now a leaf covered in Anemo has found its way to an Inazuma-styled mountain, and Shibasuke is missing. That means...
:{{DIcon}} Shibasuke might be on the Mondstadt-styled mountain.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, since we've found a clue, let's head back to Mamesuke!

;(Talk to Mamesuke)
:'''Paimon:''' We're back!
:'''Mamesuke:''' Shibasuke?
:'''Paimon:''' Well... We haven't found Shibasuke yet...
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mmmm...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Cheer up! We may not have found Shibasuke, but we've found a clue! Right, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, we just need another mountain kaboom.
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mountain kaboom!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... We can't leave you alone here, Mamesuke, so come with us!
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mm!
----
;(Approach the bonsai pot)
:'''Paimon:''' We should be able to find Shibasuke if we switch the mountains to resemble Mondstadt's.

;(Talk to Mamesuke)
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mountain kaboom! ...Shibasuke?

;(After switching the bonsai layout)
:'''Paimon:''' Let's head up the mountain to look for Shibasuke. Wait for us here, Mamesuke!
----
;(Approach the camp and elemental monuments)
:'''Paimon:''' Look, (Traveler)! Seems like there's a bake-danuki trapped here in a cage!
:'''Paimon:''' There are hilichurls about as well. Let's help!

;(After defeating the opponents)
:'''Paimon:''' It should be safe to set it free now.

;(Talk to Shibasuke)
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Isn't that Mamesuke? What's Mamesuke doing here?
:'''Shibasuke:''' Eek! White Fur! Shoo!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Is that Shibasuke? It looks just like Mamesuke...<!-- it doesn't seem like anyone got this option or the following dialogue...
:{{DIcon}} The bake-danuki of Inazuma are really difficult to tell apart...
:;(If the player has participated in '''[[Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas]]'''){{Verify}}
::'''Paimon:''' Except Kichiboushi. He sure stands out from the crowd!
::'''Shibasuke:''' Kichiboushi? Lie!
::'''Paimon:''' We took Kichiboushi to train all across the lands! We were there when Ioroi told Kichiboushi to never stray from the tanuki path, you know? Hehe.
::'''Shibasuke:''' Ioroi? White Fur lie! Shoo! -->
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... You're Shibasuke, right? Stop trying to get rid of us, Mamesuke sent us to find you.
:'''Shibasuke:''' ...Mamesuke? Really?
:'''Paimon:''' Of course! Come with us. Mamesuke is waiting for you!
:'''Shibasuke:''' Hmph! White Fur lie?
:'''Paimon:''' Argh! He's so infuriating! He would be bake-danuki paste now if it wasn't for us!
:'''Paimon:''' They both look the same, so why is Shibasuke so stubborn...

:'''You explain the situation to Shibasuke patiently...'''

:'''Paimon:''' Whew... that was difficult. We should have asked Mamesuke for proof.
:'''Shibasuke:''' Steal?
:'''Paimon:''' Gah, Shibasuke is so suspicious of everything.
:{{DIcon}} A little vigilance never hurts when you're out of doors.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Come on, Paimon's super friendly-looking.
:'''Paimon:''' But the bake-danuki of Inazuma should be skilled at transforming. Shibasuke could've transformed into a butterfly or something and flown away just now, right?
:'''Shibasuke:''' Hmph! Dumb White Fur! Bake-danuki transformation not easy.
;(If ???){{Verify}}
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? But Paimon's heard that bake-danuki who can transform into things like barrels and lamps can be seen all over Inazuma.<!-- I got this line, and I completed Kichiboushi's event, and the Sakoku Decree was already gone from my Inazuma -->
;(If ???){{Verify|did anyone get this line?}}
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? But bake-danuki who can transform into things like barrels and lamps can be seen all over Inazuma.
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mmm, not same.
:'''Paimon:''' How is it different?
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mm... White Fur talk too much! Won't understand...
:'''Shibasuke:''' Where Mamesuke...
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like Shibasuke isn't willing to talk anymore... Let's just take him back to Mamesuke!
----
;(Approach Mamesuke at the bonsai)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Mamesuke! We brought Shibasuke back!
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mm! Shibasuke!
:'''Shibasuke:''' White Fur no lie! Mamesuke! Yey!
:'''Paimon:''' So Shibasuke didn't really trust us until now...
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mountain so fun! So many new things! But no Lavender Melon...
:'''Shibasuke:''' Almost became bake-danuki paste too, so close.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe! You're lucky we arrived in time, eh, (Traveler)?
:'''Shibasuke:''' Hmph.
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mm! Thanks Yellow Fur, White Fur!
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mamesuke go too! Furry grass! *blow* Bald!
:'''Mamesuke:''' Wow! Let's go!
:'''Paimon:''' Furry grass? You mean the [[Dandelion]]s?
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? But how will you get back to Inazuma? The Fatui ship? Paimon doesn't reckon you can go back the same way you came.
:'''Mamesuke:''' ...Huh?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh brother, Paimon doesn't think they've even considered that. (Traveler), we can take them back to Inazuma, right?
:{{DIcon}} We can take them with us when we leave.
:'''Shibasuke:''' Go later?
:'''Paimon:''' Later?
:'''Shibasuke:''' Want to see furry grass with Mamesuke.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... So we'll come back a little later, then?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't know how much of Mondstadt's charm they'll be able to experience on these islands, but making them Mondstadt-styled islands is probably the best we can do.

;(After switching the bonsai layout, or if both sides of the island are already set to Leisurely Rocks)
:'''Mamesuke:''' Yey!
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mm... White Fur, understand.
:'''Paimon:''' Hearing that from Shibasuke feels so strange... But are they gonna be alright?

:'''Some time later, you return to see Mamesuke and Shibasuke again...'''

:'''Paimon:''' Ooh! It's Mamesuke and Shibasuke!
:'''Paimon:''' You seem like you're having fun on this Mondstadt-styled mountain! The scenery here is quite different from Inazuma, right?
:'''Mamesuke:''' So much green! Wind so soft! Yey!
:'''Shibasuke:''' Furry grass so fun! *blows*
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, if Inazuma is purple like lightning, then Mondstadt...
:{{DIcon}} ...Is green like the wind.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh-he.
:'''Shibasuke:''' But there are not-purple Lavender Melons, out of reach.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What are you talking about?
:'''Shibasuke:''' White Fur can fly. White Fur can get it?
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mamesuke lead way! Come!
:'''Paimon:''' Gah, these two are so impatient. Let's follow them!
----
;(If Mamesuke and Shibasuke are approached without entering the wind barrier)
::'''Mamesuke:''' Look! Not purple Lavender Melons! We want, but kapow!
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, it's just a wind barrier! Hehe! We've seen many of these in our adventures across Mondstadt, haven't we, (Traveler)?
::'''Paimon:''' Speaking of wind barriers, why do they vanish once the thing inside them is taken, anyway?
::{{DIcon}} Well, the thing they're protecting is gone, so...
::'''Paimon:''' ...That sounds kinda sad.
::'''Shibasuke:''' White Fur can fly. White Fur get it?
::'''Paimon:''' Oh yeah... Wait! You know, you should learn to stop relying on others and solve problems by yourself.
::'''Mamesuke:''' Mmmm...
::{{DIcon}} It seems a little too difficult for a beginner.
::'''Paimon:''' Is that so? Hmph! Then experienced adventurers like (Traveler) and Paimon will have to teach you some lessons!
::'''Paimon:''' There's Anemo Amber here, which is perfect. It'll create a wind current once destroyed. C'mon, (Traveler), show them how it's done!
::&nbsp;
:;(Talk to Mamesuke again)
::'''Mamesuke:''' Anemo Amber... Mm?
::&nbsp;
:;(Talk to Shibasuke again)
::'''Shibasuke:''' White Fur fly, White Fur kapow?
::&nbsp;
:;(After destroying the Anemo Amber)
::'''Paimon:''' Ah! The current vanished so quickly... Well, not that there's no other way to do this...
::'''Shibasuke:''' White Fur no fear!
::'''Paimon:''' Wow! Shibasuke said that transformation isn't easy, so Paimon thought he wouldn't be good at it.
::'''Mamesuke:''' Shibasuke amazing! Transform into many things! But not when afraid!
::'''Paimon:''' Ooh, so that's how it is! Alright then, (Traveler), let's get those Sunsettias for Mamesuke and Shibasuke!
::&#32;
:;(Talk to Mamesuke again)
::'''Mamesuke:''' Anemo Amber, Shibasuke transform... Shibasuke Amber! Hehe!
<!-- all of the above dialogue in this section is skipped if the storm barrier is entered without approaching the two bake-danuki -->
;(Upon entering the storm barrier)
:;(If the Anemo Amber was not broken)
::'''Shibasuke:''' Yellow Fur kapow! Fly high, can't learn... Mm...
::'''Paimon:''' You can't? Oh well, but this still counts as a way to enter a wind current...
:'''Mamesuke:''' Wow! Not purple Lavender Melon!
;(If the player has not completed '''[[Ritou Escape Plan]]''')
::{{DIcon}} Lavender Melon?
:::'''Mamesuke:''' Lavender Melon, purple, tasty!
:::'''Paimon:''' It's probably a melon from Inazuma.
::{{DIcon}} Are Lavender Melons a special type of Sunsettia?
:::'''Mamesuke:''' What is... Sunsettia?
:::'''Paimon:''' Lavender Melons are Lavender Melons! They're not the same!
::'''Paimon:''' This isn't a Lavender Melon, it's a Sunsettia!
;(If the player has completed '''[[Ritou Escape Plan]]''')
::'''Paimon:''' It's a Sunsettia. Actually, both of them grow on Cuihua Wood, but the fruit varies according to the location!
:;(If the player has not completed '''[[Tanuki-Bayashi in the Forest]]'''){{Verify}}
:::{{DIcon}} Maybe it has something to do with soil and climate.
::::'''Paimon:''' Paimon's heard that storms are ever-present in Inazuma!
:::{{DIcon}} Maybe it has something to do with Archon preferences.
::::'''Paimon:''' Oh... Is the Electro Archon a god who likes Lavender Melons? It's hard to imagine that...
:;(If the player has completed '''[[Tanuki-Bayashi in the Forest]]'''){{Verify}}<!-- surely this should require the archon quests? -->
:::{{DIcon}} Maybe it has something to do with soil and climate.
::::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, it's thundering all day over there in Inazuma...
:::{{DIcon}} Maybe it has something to do with Archon preferences.
::::'''Paimon:''' Would Ei enjoy a Lavender Melon? It's pretty hard to imagine that happening...
:'''Shibasuke:''' Flaming grass there! White Fur! Hurry!
:'''Paimon:''' Flaming grass... Oh, you mean Flaming Flowers!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it's a Dendro Slime on fire.
:{{DIcon}} It might be a Pyro Whopperflower.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, that is possible... Let's go take a look!
----
;(Approach Mamesuke and Shibasuke)
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon knew it was a Flaming Flower.<!-- it doesn't seem like anyone got the following dialogue...
:;(If the player has participated in [[Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas]])
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers that Kichiboushi called it a fire flower. It seems bake-danuki have different names for it.
::'''Shibasuke:''' Flame grass~ fire flower~ -->
:'''Mamesuke:''' Flame grass so hot.
:'''Paimon:''' There's a trick to picking Flaming Flowers! You have to extinguish them first to pick them safely.
:'''Paimon:''' You'll need water or ice on a sunny day, and it's even easier if there's a Hydro Amber nearby. If it's raining, just use Anemo to swirl the rain and wet it.
:'''Shibasuke:''' White Fur knows much, very amazing.
:'''Paimon:''' Of course! Paimon and (Traveler) have learned a lot in our adventures.
:'''Shibasuke:''' Anemo Amber, Hydro Amber, same?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... How should we explain this... They look almost the same, but one creates a wind current, and the other creates rain.
;(Shibasuke transforms into a Hydro Amber)
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mm!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! Shibasuke transformed into a Hydro Amber!
:{{DIcon}} I kinda wish you could transform too, Paimon...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon can't do that!
:'''Paimon:''' (Traveler), let's help Mamesuke and Shibasuke pick the Flaming Flower...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? We've got Slimes dropping from the skies!

:'''Paimon:''' Let's just get rid of those slimes first...

;(After defeating the Pyro Slimes)
:'''Paimon:''' Pyro Slimes are much more dangerous than Flaming Flowers because they explode. But just like Flaming Flowers, extinguishing them solves all your problems!
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mm!
:'''Paimon:''' It should be safe now. Give the Flaming Flower Stamen to Mamesuke and Shibasuke!
:'''Shibasuke:''' Thanks! White Fur strong, Yellow Fur strong too.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Shibasuke's amazing too.
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mondstadt fun, but...
:'''Shibasuke:''' Not enough.
:'''Paimon:''' Do you mean that you want to play somewhere else? Uh... (Traveler), what should we do?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we can switch to the mountain style of Liyue.
:'''Paimon:''' Right! Mamesuke, Shibasuke! Would you like to see the scenery in Liyue?
:'''Mamesuke:''' Liyue fun?
:{{DIcon}} There are Geovishaps there that inflict excruciating pain when they hit you.
:{{DIcon}} There are Jueyun Chilis there that make you spew flames.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Stop that! Who would want to go there after hearing that!?
:'''Mamesuke:''' Wow! Very fun!
:'''Shibasuke:''' We go!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh!?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh... Then let's do another mountain kaboom!
----
;(Approach the bonsai pot)
:'''Paimon:''' Switch to Liyue-style mountains!

;(Talk to Mamesuke)
:'''Mamesuke:''' Kaboooom~

;(Talk to Shibasuke)
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mountain kaboooom~

;(After switching the bonsai layout)
:'''Mamesuke:''' Yey! Wait moment!
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mm, wait moment?
:'''Paimon:''' Is it just like last time?

:'''Some time later, you return to see Mamesuke and Shibasuke again...'''

:'''Paimon:''' They look like they're having a lot of fun here in the Liyue-styled mountains!
:'''Mamesuke:''' Fun! Very red, very yellow!
:'''Shibasuke:''' Stone plate very round, very flat, very weird!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What's that?
:'''Shibasuke:''' Take White Fur see!
----
;(If the player attempts to rearrange the bonsai pot)<!-- is this available earlier during the flaming flower stuff? -->
:'''Paimon:''' Let's not switch the mountains for now. We'll have a headache if those bake-danuki get separated again.

;(Approach Mamesuke and Shibasuke)
:'''Paimon:''' Whew... They're so fast...
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mmhaha! White Fur weak!
:'''Paimon:''' ...Shibasuke is pushing its luck...
:'''Mamesuke:''' White Fur, look! Strange plate!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, that! It's a mechanism activated by weight! Actually, there are some in Inazuma, too.
:'''Shibasuke:''' Weight?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... Something heavy! Like...
:{{DIcon}} Like Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon isn't that heavy!
:{{DIcon}} Like a [[Starfell Sword|Meteorite]].
::'''Paimon:''' Meteorites are really handy!
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mm... Lavender Melon?
:'''Paimon:''' Lavender Melons are too light!
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mmm... Hydro Amber?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon's never tried it, but it probably won't work...
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mmm! Stones heavy enough!
;(Shibasuke transforms into a stone of the same size)
:'''Paimon:''' Shibasuke is really quick on his feet! (Traveler), since Shibasuke is here to help, why don't we unlock this mechanism?

;(Talk to Mamesuke)
:'''Mamesuke:''' Shibarock, Shibarock! Mm-hehe!

;(After solving the pressure plate puzzle)
:'''Mamesuke:''' Yey! Box!
:'''Paimon:''' Woohoo! A chest!
:{{DIcon}} Luckily, it didn't activate a challenge.
:'''Paimon:''' Even if it did, it would be really fun with Mamesuke and Shibasuke here to help!
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mm! Mamesuke help!
:'''Shibasuke:''' White Fur no fear, Shibasuke strong.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Mamesuke and Shibasuke are so reliable now!
:{{DIcon}} Guess you've gotta work harder too, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' C'mon, Paimon has always been really reliable!

:'''Something is happening in the distance...'''

:'''Shibasuke:''' Strange sound there! Shibasuke check!
;(Shibasuke disappears)
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mm! Mamesuke go too!
;(Mamesuke disappears)
;(Shibasuke reappears a short distance away, then disappears)
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What strange sound? Paimon didn't hear anything... Ah!
;(Mamesuke reappears slightly further away, then disappears)
:'''Paimon:''' You two are too impatient! (Traveler), let's catch up with them!

;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, that's a Ruin Guard! Paimon doesn't think Mamesuke and Shibasuke can handle that!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, where did they go? Did they... turn into those elemental ambers?
:'''Shibasuke:''' Shibasuke, Mamesuke change! Yellow Fur! Attack!
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! It's just some Ruin Guard. No match for us at all! This isn't the time to run away, (Traveler)!

;(After defeating the Ruin Guard)
:'''Shibasuke:''' Yellow Fur so strong! Kaboom!
:'''Mamesuke:''' So strong!
:'''Paimon:''' Of course! {{MC|He's|She's|mc=1}} the famous (Traveler)!
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mm! Famous! Amazing!
:'''Paimon:''' So the Anemo Amber and Hydro Amber that appeared earlier... Were they Mamesuke and Shibasuke trying to help us out?
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mm!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? But I remember Mamesuke mentioning that Shibasuke can't transform when afraid...<!-- appears even if you didn't actually see that dialogue -->
:'''Shibasuke:''' Afraid, but White Fur and Yellow Fur in danger.
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mm, Shibasuke help!
:'''Paimon:''' Aw, Shibasuke, so you did all this to help us out...
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mmhaha! White Fur dirty!
:{{DIcon}} Dirty~
:'''Paimon:''' Uh! Paimon's just touched!
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mmhaha!
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, alright. Have you two had enough fun now? Want to return to Inazuma yet?
:'''Shibasuke:''' No.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh!?
:'''Shibasuke:''' Go Mondstadt! Liyue!
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mm! Not Mondstadt and Liyue with island and mountain.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah? You want to go to the real Mondstadt and Liyue instead of returning to Inazuma?
:'''Mamesuke:''' White Fur smart!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... What do we do... What do you think, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} We can take them with us when we leave.
:'''Paimon:''' Mondstadt seems like the better choice for our first destination... Let's go to Windrise! The terrain is more even, and it's close to the city.
:'''Shibasuke:''' Woohoo! Mondstadt!
;(If [[Like Rhyme and Song, the Summer Reverie]] is already completed)
::'''Paimon:''' Alright! Let's go now!
:;(Go to [[#Ending|Ending]])
;(If Like Rhyme and Song, the Summer Reverie is not completed)
::'''Paimon:''' But the situation here on the islands isn't very clear! Let's head back once we've resolved everything!
:;(Go to [[#Pause|Pause]])

===Pause===
{{Quest Description|update|The anomalies on the island have yet to stop. Once the problem is solved, send the bake-danuki off on their new journey.}}
;(Talk to Mamesuke)
:'''Mamesuke:''' Lavender Melon, White Fur like?

;(Talk to Shibasuke)
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mmhaha! Mondstadt! Lavender Melon kapow!

;(Upon completing '''Like Rhyme and Song, the Summer Reverie''')
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, we should be able to bring Mamesuke and Shibasuke to Mondstadt now. Let's go look for them!

===Ending===
{{Quest Description|update|The troubles have all been seen to. It is time for the bake-danuki to set out on a new journey.}}
;(Approach the bonsai if the quest was paused earlier)
:'''Paimon:''' Mamesuke! Shibasuke! We can go to Mondstadt now!
:'''Mamesuke:''' Woohoo! Mondstadt!
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mm! White Fur, Yellow Fur, so slow!
:'''Paimon:''' Alright! Let's go now!

;(Approach the marked spot at Windrise)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, this is Mondstadt. What do you think? The scenery is pretty nice, right?
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mm!
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mmmm!!!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, (Traveler) and Paimon started our adventure in Mondstadt, and we've made so many unforgettable memories along the way...
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mm!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon hopes Mamesuke and Shibasuke will be able to create many happy memories in Mondstadt, just like (Traveler) and Paimon did...
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mmmm...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Does this mean...<!-- doesn't seem like anyone got the following dialogue...
:;(If the player has participated in [[Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas]]){{Verify}}
::'''Paimon:''' It's just like what happened with Kichiboushi when Ioroi's bake-danuki meal wore off... -->
:{{DIcon}} They can't speak anymore...
:{{DIcon}} We can't understand them anymore...
:'''Paimon:''' It feels like waking up from a dream...
:{{DIcon}} It's because we've left the islands...
:'''Paimon:''' But they look like they'll be fine...
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mmhaha!
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, Shibasuke can take care of itself now, so they should be fine! Happy adventuring!
;(Quest completes)

;(Talk to Mamesuke again)
:'''Mamesuke:''' Mm?

;(Talk to Shibasuke again)
:'''Shibasuke:''' Mmhaha!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/NCkWGJ3UWmA
|caption1 = Bake-Danuki Wanderlust Guide (Day 1)

|video2   = https://youtu.be/Bzqy-ZB9Ges
|caption2 = Quick Guide: Bake-Danuki Wanderlust
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Bake-Danuki Wanderlust
|zhs     = 渴望旅行的妖狸
|zhs_rm  = Kěwàng Lǚxíng de Yāolí
|zht     = 渴望旅行的妖狸
|zht_rm  = Kěwàng Lǚxíng de Yāolí
|zh_tl   = Bake-Danuki that Craves to Travel
|ja      = 旅に出たい妖狸
|ja_rm   = Tabi ni Detai Youri{{assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Bake-Danuki that Craves to Travel
|ko      = 여행을 갈망하는 너구리 요괴
|ko_rm   = Yeohaeng-eul Galmanghaneun Neoguri Yogoe
|ko_tl   = A Raccoon Monster That Craves to Travel
|es      = El tanuki que quería viajar
|es_tl   = The Tanuki Who Wanted to Travel
|fr      = Un Bake-danuki aux envies de voyage
|fr_tl   = A Bake-Danuki With Desires of Travel
|ru      = Бакэ-дануки - любитель путешествий
|ru_tl   = Bake-Danuki - Lover of Adventures
|th      = Bake-Danuki ผู้กระหายการเดินทาง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bake-Danuki Phiêu Lưu Ký
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wanderlustiger Bakedanuki
|de_tl   = Wanderlustfull Bake-Danuki
|id      = Bake-Danuki yang Haus Akan Piknik
|id_tl   = A Bake-Danuki With Desires of Picnic
|pt      = Bake-Danuki com Sede de Viajar
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:El tanuki que quería viajar]]
[[pt-br:Bake-Danuki com Sede de Viajar]]