{{Status Infobox
|type     = Climates
|image    = Climate Excessive Electro.png
|region   = Inazuma
|effect   = 
* Some regions in Inazuma are affected by high Electro concentration. While in these regions, you will gradually lose HP. This phenomenon is known as Balethunder.
* Use Electrograna to protect yourself against the harmful effects of Balethunder.
}}
'''Balethunder''' appears in areas affected by high {{Electro}} concentrations in [[Inazuma]] and the player will gradually lose HP. Carrying an [[Electrogranum]] and being near [[Thunderwood]] can protect from these harmful effects.

Balethunder can be encountered in some areas of [[Inazuma]], such as around the river in [[Musoujin Gorge]].<!-- there's some other in-game name with "Rift" in it that might describe this area better --> While in an area affected by Balethunder, the edges of the screen will crackle over with Electro, reducing the player's peripheral vision.
* This effect is caught in photos taken with the [[Kamera]] but not in [[Photo Mode]], similar to the visual effects of high and maxed [[Sheer Cold]].

Although Balethunder is represented with an [[Electro]] icon, the climate by itself never applies {{Electro}} to the player or other targets. Targets will be affected by {{Electro}} only from other sources, such as [[Weather#Thunderstorm|lightning strikes]].

Areas affected by Balethunder may have an electric field around it.

==HP Drain==
When in an area affected by Balethunder, if an [[Electrograna]] or [[Thunderwood]] is not nearby, the player will lose '''150 HP + 1% Max HP''' every 2 seconds. One such area is inside the Musoujin Gorge but not swimming in the river.

After extended exposure to the Balethunder (about 30 damage ticks, or 60 seconds), the damage per tick will triple to '''450 HP + 3% Max HP''' every 2 seconds. Shielding from the Balethunder with an [[Electrograna]] or [[Thunderwood]] will reset the counter for extended exposure. Time spent being inside a [[Waverider]] will still count towards extended exposure even if the player is not actively taking damage.

Note that even when [[Investigation|investigating]] an item or reading an object from the environment, the Balethunder will still drain the player's HP (it may not "turn off" when the player interacts with certain objects in the environment). It is not sure whether this is a bug or intentional.

==Locations==
The following locations are affected by Balethunder:
*[[Mt. Yougou]] (before completing [[Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual]])
*[[Mikage Furnace]] (before completing [[Tatara Tales]])
*[[Musoujin Gorge]]
*Underground area at the northeast of [[Kamisato Estate]]
*The center of [[Seirai Island]] (before completing [[Seirai Stormchasers]])

==Trivia==
* Having a character fall to Balethunder will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[Shocking... Positively Shocking]]."
* [[Electro Water]] is similar to Balethunder and may be found in areas affected by Balethunder.
* The entire nation of Inazuma is surrounded by a fierce storm that resembles areas with Balethunder. However, this storm is not Balethunder, even if the character is in an area that has a Special Environment icon with the Electro symbol. HP loss in the storm only occurs from normal sources of damage&mdash;namely, lightning strikes and contacting Electro-Charged water. When the Special Environment information for the storm is opened, it has the title "[[A Nation Closed by Thunder]]" and has only one bullet point, which says "Inazuma has been closed off by the Ogosho Shogun. No one is allowed in or out without good reason." This environment is cleared after completing [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]] Act II: [[Transient Dreams]].
* The Balethunder will make a buzzing noise in the background.
*Until the [[Seirai Stormchasers]] quest chain is completed, Balethunder on [[Seirai Island]] is marked by an electric field.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Balethunder
|zhs     = 雷祸
|zhs_rm  = Léi Huò
|zht     = 雷禍
|zht_rm  = Léi Huò
|zh_tl   = Thunder Disaster
|ja      = 雷禍
|ja_rm   = Raika{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Thunder Disaster
|ko      = 번개 재앙
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Zona eléctrica
|es_tl   = Electric Zone
|fr      = Calamité électrique
|fr_tl   = Electric Calamity
|ru      = Громовое бедствие
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Balethunder
|vi      = Khu Sấm Gầm
|vi_tl   = Thunder-Roar Area
|de      = Qualblitz
|de_tl   = Anguish Lightning
|id      = Balethunder
|pt      = Tormenta Elétrica
|pt_tl   = Electric Storm
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox}}