{{Meta
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Balfour.png
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|title            = Staff Member

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Balfour''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
|captionalign=center
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Balfour}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo dialog eqpm001 balfour 01.ogg}} '''Balfour:''' (This job is unbelievably cushy, especially on this salary... I'm lucky I ended up with a boss like Elchingen!)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
===Dialogue Set #1===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Available after completing [[The Most Fantastic Tournament You've Never Heard Of?]])
:'''Balfour:''' Greetings, the two of you. Do you want to train your Fungi, or are you looking for someone to answer your questions?
:{{DIcon|Quest}}<!--needs actual icon--> We want to train Fungi.
::'''Balfour:''' Okay, make sure to use the [[Floral Jelly]] according to the instructions in the recipe.
::;(Opens Floral Jelly screen)
:{{DIcon}} You are...?
::'''Balfour:''' Truth be told, I used to be an ordinary merchant. I studied the promotional principles of commercial events and learned how to cater to the needs and wants of customers.
::'''Balfour:''' After Mr. [[Elchingen]] heard about my background, he hired me to come here and help him, his employees, and [[Kautilya]] organize this competition.
::'''Balfour:''' His employees are all extremely sharp. They transformed Mr. Elchingen's traditional business into something suitable for hosting a competition in a very short period of time.
::{{DIcon}} Traditional business?
::'''Balfour:''' Yeah, I hear that Mr. Elchingen used to primarily be in the grocery business. I'm not too sure about the details though.
::'''Balfour:''' It's amazing that a typical merchant could grow into such a wealthy individual. It's inspiring!
::'''Paimon:''' So Elchingen is actually pretty open-minded... You're a really hard worker too!
::'''Paimon:''' You know, this is also the first time we've met a tycoon from [[Fontaine]]. He really doesn't give off a special first impression.
::'''Paimon:''' He wears Sumeru merchant clothes even though he's from Fontaine. Paimon didn't see any expensive accessories either. You really can't tell that he's rich...
::'''Balfour:''' See? That's all just proof that Mr. Elchingen is a wonderful person.
::'''Balfour:''' He's been in Sumeru for a really long time and has adopted the local way of life. He's also very low-key in everything he does.
::'''Balfour:''' Mr. Elchingen even eats and chats with ordinary employees as if we're his friends!
::'''Balfour:''' I think the reason he hired me instead of seeking the assistance of a professional merchant is partially to avoid malicious competition.
::'''Balfour:''' If he went all out promoting the competition, there might've been other wealthy people interested in investing and sharing a piece of the pie. If that happened, the competition might have lost its original purpose.
::'''Paimon:''' That sounds really nice! Paimon hopes to find a boss like that if Paimon were to ever look for a job!
::{{DIcon}} But Paimon, it's not like you have to do any work...
::{{DIcon}} Am I not a good boss?
::'''Paimon:''' What are you talking about!? You're different!
::'''Paimon:''' In our relationship, there's no need to talk about trivial stuff like Mora, right?
:{{DIcon}} The name, "Floral Jelly"...
::'''Balfour:''' Ha, I know what you're gonna say!
::'''Balfour:''' I hear that the [[Vahumana]] researchers studied manuscripts from all over Teyvat and came to the preliminary conclusion that using certain suffixes in a name makes it sound extremely cute. I have to say, I kinda agree!
::'''Balfour:''' Kautilya repeatedly emphasized that his research is "glorious and ground-breaking," and that it needed a name that's out of this world... But Mr. Elchingen rejected all of his proposals.
::'''Balfour:''' Mr. Elchingen believed that since most people find Fungi to be cute little creatures, it would only be fitting if the official names used in the competition followed suit.
::'''Balfour:''' After several heated debates, the name "Floral Jelly" was retained, along with the easy-to-understand name, "[[Wisdom Orb]]."
::'''Balfour:''' But Mr. Elchingen did let Kautilya decide the other names. It's a good thing that most of those names are only used to communicate with future collaborators and aren't used by the contestants.
::'''Paimon:''' What's with this Kautilya guy? It seems like he's always trying to show off how amazing he is. It seems like he's really pushy.
::{{DIcon}} He shouldn't do that, even if he truly is amazing.
::{{DIcon}} Elchingen is clearly more reasonable.
::'''Balfour:''' You think so too, huh?
::'''Balfour:''' He doesn't get along with many of the staff. Even Mr. Elchingen has to make compromises with him at times.
::'''Balfour:''' If it weren't for his irreplaceable technology and Mr. Elchingen continuously comforting the staff... the team of organizers probably would've fallen apart a long time ago.
::'''Balfour:''' It's obvious why Kautilya kept running into dead ends before Mr. Elchingen sponsored him financially.
:{{DIcon}} About the competition...
::'''Balfour:''' You can go and take a look at the promotion board if there's anything else you're unsure about!
::'''Balfour:''' The staff will update the progression of the competition on the promotion board. I hear that they're planning to include interactive events as well. The events will begin once the popularity of the competition reaches a certain point.
::'''Balfour:''' They might even start to sell a competition highlight "film" after the competition progresses to a certain point.
::{{DIcon}} What determines if the competition is popular enough...?
::'''Paimon:''' That sounds like a pretty harsh requirement, don't you think? The competition venue isn't exactly outstanding. You sure it's gonna work?
::'''Balfour:''' Oh, I wouldn't worry about that at all. The center of Sumeru commerce, [[Wikala Funduq]], is right next to the arena, and the bridge to the harbor is not too far off either. Any traffic that moves through the area will definitely be able to see the venue.
::'''Balfour:''' Besides, we've also put up a promotional poster on the bulletin board in [[Sumeru City]]. Many of the competitors and audience are here because they saw it.
::'''Paimon:''' Ohh, we saw it too! So you were the one that put up the advertisement on that bulletin board!
::'''Balfour:''' Haha, it's pretty good, right? I must say, writing marketing material is one of my strong suits!
::'''Balfour:''' I'm doing some of the reporting for the competition too. I'll do my best to describe your performance excitedly!
::'''Paimon:''' It feels like you're in charge of a lot of the work that's being done here. From managing the Floral Jelly and organizing the events to writing promotional material and reporting...
::'''Balfour:''' Oh, it's nothing compared to the salary that Mr. Elchingen is paying me. I'm being paid ten times what I was making before... Ahem!
::'''Balfour:''' Anyways, Mr. Elchingen said it best! He said that those capable should take on more responsibility. I'm more than willing to give my all to a boss like him.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Balfour:''' I'll see you next time! Good luck!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #2===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After completing [[The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Crisis!]])
:'''Balfour:''' Golden Comet, Silver Companion! Great Heroes! Your performance was spectacular!
:{{DIcon|Quest}}<!--needs actual icon--> We want to train Fungi.
::'''Balfour:''' Okay, make sure to use the [[Floral Jelly]] according to the instructions in the recipe.
::;(Opens Floral Jelly screen)
:{{DIcon}} Great Heroes may be going a little too far...
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, (Traveler) and Paimon are used to this already!
::'''Paimon:''' Although they were able to catch us off guard, it's good that nothing serious happened!
::'''Paimon:''' Now that [[Elchingen]] has been arrested, what are you and the other staff gonna do...?
::'''Balfour:''' *sigh* The organizing team has been disbanded and everyone is being investigated. The good news is that most of us are just ordinary employees and didn't get involved with Elchingen's crimes...
::'''Balfour:''' I was questioned by the Corps of Thirty just before you guys pulled through. I still have to head to the Citadel of Regzar to assist them in their investigation after I deal with the mess over here...
::'''Balfour:''' How could I have been so blind and allowed Elchingen to play me like a fiddle! I honestly thought he was a good person... Dang it!
::{{DIcon}} He's in the hands of the law now.
::{{DIcon}} Don't be so hard on yourself.
::'''Balfour:''' You know, even if the person behind it all had ill intentions to begin with, the competition itself still holds an incredible purpose! Don't let such a great opportunity be ruined because of a few bad apples!
::'''Balfour:''' Let me know if you guys are ever in the mood to organize another Beast Tamers Tournament. I'll be sure to give it all I've got to make it something great!
::'''Balfour:''' But if you're too busy and don't mind letting me take care of it, I'll be more than happy to continue organizing the Tournament!
::'''Paimon:''' That sounds great! Mr. Balfour, you truly are one of the most responsible people Paimon has ever met!
::'''Paimon:''' Hopefully everything will go smoothly, and the Wisdom Orb modifications will live up to everyone's expectations!
:{{DIcon}} "Great" hero... I like that.
::'''Paimon:''' Calm down! It got a little dangerous, but all we did was defeat a remnant group of the Fatui.
::'''Paimon:''' If this is enough to be crowned as "Great" heroes...
::'''Paimon:''' Then we should referred to as "The Greatest, Mightiest, Most Awesome, Coolest, Super, Amazing" heroes by now!
::'''Balfour:''' I find it to be a fitting title! After all, of all the staff members, I'm most knowledgeable about what went on.
::'''Balfour:''' Elchingen is a very cautious person. If the two of you didn't put yourself in danger to force his hand, I would still be living in his lie!
::'''Balfour:''' The reason for the limited number of Fungi that the competitors are allowed to keep after the competition was to blindside the Akademiya and was a part of Elchingen's marketing! Not only that, the Fungi that are returned after the competition will go directly to him as well.
::'''Balfour:''' He even told me that if the competition were to be successful, we'd be increasing the number of qualifications needed to retain the Fungi after the competition up to one hundred and twenty-eight people!
::'''Balfour:''' If his plan were to take effect, it wouldn't even be a year before he accumulated a massive number of Fungi. I can't imagine what would happen if he was allowed to carry out his plan.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, but Cyno wouldn't have allowed Elchingen to do as he wished, right?
::'''Paimon:''' Whatever the case, it's better to be safe than sorry. Thank you for your compliments, Mr. Balfour!
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye!
::'''Balfour:''' Ah, you must be busy. I'll see you around!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Aside from managing the Floral Jelly stand, Balfour could be seen doing some more jobs during the event:
** At the beginning, he was managing the stall handing out the Wisdom orbs.
** He could also be seen behind a camera during several scenes, which  may imply that he was the one (or one of those) who have recorded the "spectacular competition film" mentioned in comments at competition's bulletin board.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Balfour
|zhs     = 贝尔福
|zhs_rm  = Bèi'ěrfú
|zht     = 貝爾福
|zht_rm  = Bèi'ěrfú
|ja      = バルフォア
|ja_rm   = Barufoa
|ko      = 밸푸어
|ko_rm   = Baelpueo
|es      = Balfour
|fr      = Balfour
|ru      = Бальфур
|th      = Balfour
|vi      = Balfour
|de      = Balfour
|id      = Balfour
|pt      = Balfour
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[es:Balfour]]
[[pt-br:Balfour]]