{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Ballo.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Flower-Feather Clan
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Ballo''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in ''[[Tournament of Glory in Bloom]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
<!--
==Profile==
Detailed story/lore information goes here.
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
::{{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ballo:''' The Bloomflower Trials are in full swing! Which tribe would you two like to join?
:{{DIcon|Bloomflower Trials}} Sign up for the competition.
:;(Opens Bloomflower Trials menu)
:{{DIcon}} Ask about the rules.
::'''Ballo:''' You want me to go over the rules? Sure.
::'''Ballo:''' The Bloomflower Trials are divided into "Offensive Battles" and "Defensive Battles."
::'''Ballo:''' Defensive battles are simple, just stop your opponents from attacking the tribe. Playing offense is trickier. Assuming your tribe's lost its defense, they have to sound a horn and counterattack.
::'''Ballo:''' To spice things up, we've added special ritual items into the mix. Attackers can charge them up to destroy the defenders' special barriers.
::'''Ballo:''' And even if this is a competition, we don't want to see uncalled-for violence or conflicts. Anything broken should be fixed, and if you see monsters, please clear them out.
:{{DIcon}} Have a chit-chat.
::'''Ballo:''' Hoo boy, this competition's got quite the turnout. I'm sure you two see some familiar faces among the contestants.
::'''Ballo:''' My friend's also heading to the competition venue. Once I've wrapped things up here, I'm going to go cheer him on.
::'''Ballo:''' Haha, I hope all our participants can go all-out in this competition! Go forth, and battle to your heart's content!
:{{DIcon}} Leave.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Ballo
|zhs     = 巴罗
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 巴羅
|zht_rm  = 
|ja      = バロー
|ja_rm   = 
|ko      = 바로
|es      = Ballo
|fr      = Ballo
|ru      = Балло
|th      = Ballo
|vi      = Ballo
|de      = Ballo
|id      = Ballo
|pt      = Ballo
|tr      = Ballo
|it      = Ballo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->