{{EventTabs|story=1}}
{{Event
|name              = Ballads of the World
|image             = Ballads of the World.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-08-16 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-08-21 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/6995224
|link2             = https://www.hoyolab.com/topicDetail/2525
|link2name         = Topic Page
}}
'''Ballads of the World''' is a Web [[Event]] in [[Version 2.8]].

==Event Duration==
August 16, 2022 – August 21, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)

==How to Participate==
# Head over to the page and click to play at least three tracks in the OST album.
# Click "Share to Win Primogems" at the bottom of the current page and choose a social media platform to share it to your personal social media homepage.

*Please note that your personal social media homepage is required to be made public.

==Event Rewards==
* Among Travelers who have listened to the soundtracks and successfully shared the event, the first 3 million participants will be selected and gifted with Primogems ×40 and an event-exclusive HoYoLAB avatar frame!
** Primogem rewards are limited to 3 million sets and will be distributed on a first-come, first-served basis. The event-exclusive HoYoLAB avatar frame will be available for a permanent period!
* We will inform you of the redemption codes for Primogems via HoYoLAB's forum message before August 24, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8). The winners can redeem the received codes on the Genshin Impact official website or in-game.
* The Primogems redemption code is valid until August 31, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8). Winners who miss the deadline will be deemed to have forfeited their rewards, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time!

==Event Rules==
# Travelers are allowed to participate multiple times in this event, but can only win the rewards once. The rewards will not be stacked.
# Due to the large number of winners, a list of winners will not be published. Please pay attention to private messages on HoYoLAB from August 22 to August 24, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8) to confirm the reward information. Redemption codes will be valid until August 31, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8), after which rewards will be considered forfeited. Please wait patiently for the reward information and check your private message mailbox regularly.
# After sharing the event to your personal social media homepage, tagging content that violates laws, regulations, or community rules along the shared post is prohibited.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ballads of the World
|zhs     = 歌行世间
|zhs_rm  = Gēxíng Shìjiān
|zht     = 歌行世間
|zht_rm  = Gēxíng Shìjiān
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 歌行世間
|ja_rm   = Kakou Seken{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Ballad of the World
|ko      = {{tt|음악|音樂}}과 거니는 {{tt|세상|世上}}
|ko_rm   = Eumakgwa Geonineun Sesang
|ko_tl   = The World Walking with Music
|es      = Viajes con canto
|es_tl   = Journeys With Song
|fr      = Voyage en chansons
|fr_tl   = Song Journey
|ru      = Баллады мира
|ru_tl   = Ballads of the World
|th      = สดับสำเนียงบรรเลงบนโลกหล้า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hành Ca Thế Gian
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Lust auf Balladen
|de_tl   = Desire for Ballads
|id      = Ballads of the World
|pt      = Canções do Mundo
|pt_tl   = Songs of the World
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[ru:Баллады мира]]