{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Ballads of Breeze
|id            = 70529
|image         = Ballads of Breeze Windblume's Breath.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Windblume's Breath
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|A Gathering of Outlanders|showType=0}}
|characters    = Lizzie; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Cider Lake]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Cider Lake
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Windblume's Breath/Ballads of Breeze|Ballads of Breeze]] subevent.
}}
'''''Ballads of Breeze''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Windblume's Breath]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Mondstadt]]'s side gate to look for [[Lizzie]]
# Talk to Lizzie

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Lizzie of the [[Knights of Favonius]] seems busy with something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Lizzie)
:'''Lizzie:''' Hello there, and welcome to the [[Windblume Festival]]. You've come at a good time &mdash; we're currently organizing a little game known as "Ballads of Breeze."
:'''Lizzie:''' Taking part in this game will allow you to play some lovely tunes, just like the bards of Mondstadt...
:{{DIcon}} How can I measure up to bards...?
:{{DIcon}} Will I really sound good...?
:'''Lizzie:''' Oh, don't you worry! We've had, um, lots of play-testers in the past!
:'''Lizzie:''' Even someone with zero knowledge of how to play instruments will be able to play something that... uh, won't sound too bad...
:'''Lizzie:''' Please, believe me. Have faith in the Knights of Favonius!
:'''Lizzie:''' As long as you do your best to keep up with the rhythm and beat, you'll be able to strum up a storm with ease.
:'''Lizzie:''' Focus only on the wind around you and the lovely song you wish to play, and all your troubles will surely fade away.
:{{DIcon}} Well, I imagine bards must be quite carefree, then.
:'''Lizzie:''' Hahaha, I wouldn't say that for sure! After all, they do fret about whether their songs will move people enough to fork some Mora over.
:'''Lizzie:''' As for you... You just need to play to your heart's content.
:'''Lizzie:''' W&mdash;Well, uh, never mind what I just said! I hope you know how this works by now, yes? Well, if it interests you, you're free to give it a go.
:'''Lizzie:''' You can use your own instrument to play said tunes, and if you haven't brought one, we can lend you some...
:'''Lizzie:''' Hehe... not to brag, but we do have quite a few on hand here, and each of them is quite different from the rest.
:'''Lizzie:''' Which of the instruments would you like to use first?
:{{DIcon}} The [[Windsong Lyre]].
:{{DIcon}} The [[Floral Zither]].
:{{DIcon}} The [[Festive Drum]].
:'''Lizzie:''' Oh, this one, then? No problem!
:'''Lizzie:''' Oh, and there's one more thing I forgot to mention! Please wait for a moment, I need to consult my notes...
:'''Lizzie:''' Hmm, right... In order to make sure that everyone is able to play the best they can, we've decided to implement a "tuning" phase to this game.
:'''Lizzie:''' Simply put, we mean to help you tune your instrument to be in the best state possible. Don't worry, it's easy. The first step should be...
:;(The minigame's calibration screen appears)
:'''Lizzie:''' Alright! That should do it. Your instrument's all tuned up, and the musical scores should be ready as well.
:'''Lizzie:''' You can start any time now &mdash; so long as you want to, of course.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ballads of Breeze
|zhs     = 风物之歌
|zhs_rm  = Fēngwù zhī Gē
|zht     = 風物之歌
|zht_rm  = Fēngwù zhī Gē
|zh_tl   = Song of Scenery
|ja      = そよ風のバラッド
|ja_rm   = Soyokaze no Baraddo
|ja_tl   = Ballads of Breeze
|ko      = 바람<->의 노래
|ko_tl   = Song of the Wind
|es      = Baladas del viento
|es_tl   = Ballads of the Wind
|fr      = L'air du vent
|fr_tl   = The Tune of the Wind
|ru      = Песнь ветров
|ru_tl   = Song of Winds
|th      = บทเพลงแห่งวายุ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bài Ca Của Gió
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Lied der Landschaft
|de_tl   = Song of Scenery
|id      = Nyanyian Angin Merdu
|id_tl   = Melodious Wind Ballad
|pt      = Melodia da Paisagem
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Rüzgarın Şarkıları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Arie di vento e musica
|it_tl   = Airs of Wind and Music
|it_note = {{it|Arie}} can also mean "arias."
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

[[es:Baladas del viento (misión)]]
[[pt-br:Melodia da Paisagem (Suspiro da Brisa Florescente)]]
[[ru:Песнь ветров (Дыхание анемонии)]]