''This article is about the event quest. For the event challenge, see [[Invitation of Windblume/Festive Challenges#Ballads of Breeze|Festive Challenges]].''
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70658
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Invitation of Windblume
|requirement   = Complete [[Ode to Flower and Cloud]]
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|characters    = Lizzie; Traveler
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
}}
'''Ballads of Breeze''' is a quest in [[Invitation of Windblume]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Lizzie]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|During the Windblume Festival, the area around Mondstadt will play host to all sorts of interesting activities. The Knights of Favonius' Lizzie would like to introduce you to one of the highlights of this event &mdash; "Ballads of Breeze."}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Lizzie)
:'''Lizzie:''' Hello there, have you been enjoying the Windblume festivities?
:{{DIcon}} Thanks to your recommendation, yes.
:{{DIcon}} Haven't had time yet.
:'''Lizzie:''' Hehe, I have another event for you that's quite relaxing. It's called "Ballads of Breeze."
:'''Lizzie:''' I'm sure you've seen the bards of Mondstadt. Taking part in this event will allow you to play lovely songs, just like they do!
:'''Lizzie:''' Feel the breath of the wind atop mountains and beside rivers, and put your heart and soul into playing your tune. It's a surefire way to forget all your worries!
:{{DIcon}} But I've got no experience in this field...
:{{DIcon}} Will it really sound alright?
:'''Lizzie:''' Don't worry. This activity was designed precisely such that those without any performance experience can savor the joys of music.
:'''Lizzie:''' As long as you can keep up with the hints and the beat, there should be no problem.
:{{DIcon}} That's reassuring.
:{{DIcon}} Well, guess I'll give it a go.
:'''Lizzie:''' Of course. Happy Windblume Festival!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Gameplay Tutorial==
You can test your performance skills in "Ballads and Breeze" through the "Invitation of Windblume" event menu. Follow the rhythm and the hints provided by the gradually-shrinking Rhythm Rings to '''press the corresponding buttons at the right time'''. Getting the rhythm right will award points. Your performance will be graded afterward according to the points you obtained.

The Rhythm Rings will appear before the beat and will shrink over time. When the Rhythm Rings '''aligns precisely''' with the button press area, it is time to press the button and play some music! But get it wrong and you'll miss the beat...

Accurate play allows you to increase the Combo count. When your Combo count reaches a certain point, accurate play will award more points. Watch out though &mdash; a missed note will send your Combo count up in smoke...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ballads of Breeze
|zhs     = 风物之歌
|zhs_rm  = Fēngwù zhī Gē
|zht     = 風物之歌
|zht_rm  = Fēngwù zhī Gē
|zh_tl   = Song of Scenery
|ja      = 風吹く歌
|ja_rm   = Kaze Fuku Uta
|ja_tl   = Songs of Wind Blowing
|ko      = 바람의 노래
|ko_rm   = Baram-ui Norae
|ko_tl   = Song of Wind
|es      = Baladas del viento
|es_tl   = Ballads of the Wind
|fr      = L'air du vent
|fr_tl   = Air of the Wind
|ru      = Песнь ветров
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = บทเพลงแห่งวายุ
|th_rm   = Botplaeng haeng Wayu
|th_tl   = Lyrics of the Wind
|vi      = Bài Ca Của Gió
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Lied der Landschaft
|de_tl   = Song of the Landscape
|id      = Nyanyian Angin Merdu
|id_tl   = Beautiful Wind Melody
|pt      = Melodia da Paisagem
|pt_tl   = Melody of the Lanscape
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[pt-br:Melodia da Paisagem]]