{{Book Collection Infobox
|image     = Book Ballads of the Squire.png
|quality   = 3
|region_lore = Mondstadt
|region_location = Mondstadt
|volumes   = 2
|vol1      = Inside the [[Dawn Winery]]<br>From [[Ellin]] in the [[City of Mondstadt]]
|vol2      = Inside the Dawn Winery
}}
'''''Ballads of the Squire''''' is a [[Book Collection]] found in [[Dawn Winery]], [[Mondstadt]]. Volume 1 can also be obtained by initiating and following a certain dialogue path from [[Ellin]].

==Vol. 1==
{{Description|Ballads that have been passed down since the [[Mondstadt Aristocracy|aristocratic period]] and are said to come from [[Ragnvindr]] the Dawn Knight himself. They tell of Ragnvindr's days as a knight's squire.}}

Down every street in [[Mondstadt]] have I strolled.<br>
The air was filled with the stench of misery and the buzz of revelry.<br>
I saw the most arrogant of aristocrats,<br>
And I saw the most pitiful of the impoverished.<br>
At night these streets are a spider's web&mdash;some here to feast, others their eternal prey.<br>
I hear a jangling in the night, and know it is the chains that fetter the souls of the oppressed.

I patrol the streets of Mondstadt at nighttime,<br>
Where my peers and superiors would once declare:<br>
"We are the starlit knights, lift thy heads and bear witness!"<br>
"For we, who raise our flag in the splendor of starlight, are the true protectors of Mondstadt!"<br>
But not once have I lifted my head to the stars, or gazed at our flag:<br>
For I cannot shift my focus from the filthy street corners.

Destitute peddlers weep in silence.<br>
Aging soldiers grimace in pain.<br>
In the deathly stillness of night,<br>
A young girl, rejected by the Aristocracy, pleads for [[Barbatos]]' mercy.<br>
The sighing of mournful winds rattles the Cathedral gate,<br>
Carrying within them the grief of the oppressed, they assault splendid palatial walls.

Each mother's call,<br>
Each infant's cry,<br>
Enough to dent the hardest of shields.<br>
Enough to shatter the sharpest of swords.

Sounds of sorrow send shivers down my spine.<br>
But in the palace, and in the castle,<br>
Though the wind blows the same over holy ground,<br>
They are but the sighs of ants to the ears of men.

==Vol. 2==
{{Description|Ballads that have been passed down since the aristocratic period and are said to have come from Ragnvindr the Dawn Knight himself. They tell of Ragnvindr's friendship with a [[Dawnlight Swordswoman|sword-dancer]].}}

One day, at the crack of dawn,<br>
A dancer whose sword was her song set foot in Mondstadt.<br>
Though clad in chains with cuffed hands and fettered feet,<br>
In her silence lay a song:<br>
It was the song of freedom. A song of a brighter dawn beyond the walls,<br>
A joyous ballad sung without reservation by a people unrestrained.

She was the dawnlight of the [[Wanderer's Troupe (Faction)|Wanderer's Troupe]],<br>
But she spelled eternal midnight for the Aristocracy.<br>
I once asked her, "Why do you come to overthrow our aristocrats?"<br>
"Do you not know that they are the first among us?"

"Wherefore do you place their lives on a pedestal?"<br>
Came her voice, like a fresh breeze,<br>
"If you claim to know the wind as your companion,"<br>
"Then did you not once know freedom, too?"

To her lonesome listeners she told a tale:<br>
A tale of our rulers' better ancestors who held divine power,<br>
A tale of angels, gods and vile dragons,<br>
A tale of the deities and peoples of all the land.<br>
Each myth and legend she turned to song,<br>
And the wind carried the song to all corners of the land.

In the aristocrats' arena, her sword sang once more:<br>
Her final masterpiece, but it stopped short of perfection.<br>
A nameless knight retrieved [[The Flute|her sword]] from the blood-soaked battlefield.<br>
And buried it where the gentle winds meet in communion.

==Trivia==
*The book's cover says {{Script|teyvat|Breaking Dawn}} in the [[Teyvat Language]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ballads of the Squire
|zhs     = 侍从骑士之歌
|zhs_rm  = Shìcóng Qíshì zhī Gē
|zht     = 侍從騎士之歌
|zht_rm  = Shìcóng Qíshì zhī Gē
|zh_tl   = Song of the Attendant Knight
|ja      = 侍従騎士の歌
|ja_rm   = Jijuu Kishi no Uta
|ja_tl   = Song of the Chamberlain Knight
|ko      = {{tt|시종 기사|侍從騎士}}의 노래
|ko_rm   = Sijong Gisa-ui Norae
|ko_tl   = Song of Chamberlain Knight
|es      = Baladas del Caballero
|es_tl   = Ballads of the Knight
|fr      = Ballade de l'écuyer
|fr_tl   = Ballad of the Squire
|ru      = Баллады оруженосца
|ru_tl   = Ballads of the Armor-Bearer
|th      = บทเพลงของอัศวิน
|th_rm   = Bot phleng khong atsawin
|th_tl   = Song of a Knight
|vi      = Bài Ca Về Kỵ Sĩ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Diener der Ritterschaft
|de_tl   = Servant of Knighthood
|id      = Syair Prajurit
|id_tl   = Soldier's Verse
|pt      = Canções da Comitiva dos Cavaleiros
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bir Yaverin Dizeleri
|tr_tl   = A Squire's Verses
|it      = Ballate dello scudiere
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Book Navbox|Mondstadt}}

[[de:Diener der Ritterschaft]]
[[es:Baladas del Caballero]]
[[fr:Ballade de l'écuyer]]
[[id:Syair Prajurit]]
[[ja:侍従騎士の歌]]
[[pt-br:Canções do Cavaleiro]]
[[ru:Баллады оруженосца]]
[[uk:Балади про прислужника]]
[[vi:Bài Ca Về Kỵ Sĩ]]