{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Bamoun.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Passed away in ''[[Sage of Sages]]''
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Temple of Silence
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = Sethos
|relativeNote     = adopted grandson

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm3951343|Craig Lee Thomas]]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/itsmecraiglee/status/1790474790148702442 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Bamoun''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Oathkeeper}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Bamoun is the former leader of the [[Temple of Silence]]. At some point, he rescued [[Cyrus (Sumeru)|Cyrus]] from the desert, who agreed to work with him, and later adopted [[Sethos]].

Aware that the organization's reputation was on the decline, Bamoun eventually came upon two Ba Fragments &mdash; shards of [[Hermanubis]]' raw power. Knowing that the fragments would restore the organization's glory, he looked for suitable candidates to resonate with them. Unfortunately, most of the volunteers failed, but he soon discovered that Sethos and another child could resonate with them. The other child &mdash; [[Cyno]], was with his parents. Bamoun paid Cyno's biological parents a large sum of Mora for his custody and brought him to the Temple of Silence to continue resonating with the fragments.

Bamoun soon discovered that the fragments were unstable and he ultimately chose to rush the second step of the process, implanting the shards directly into both children to save them from being lost forever. This act did not go well with Cyrus, who proceeded to leave the organization and took Cyno with him back to the [[Sumeru Akademiya]]. Bamoun was upset with his actions, but decided to not pursue the matter further for the time being.

Bamoun later became stricken with a fatal disease, but was able muster enough willpower to continue living in the hopes that he could see the organization's glory restored. Aware that the Temple of Silence had ostracized relations with the Akademiya in the past, he knew that they had to mend relationships with them, and his successor had to let go of the past. Collaborating with Sethos, they hired a scholar named [[Urraca]] to slander Cyrus, giving him a note that threatened Cyrus. Cyrus, knowing that he had to pay for his transgression, chose to confront Bamoun, which prompted Cyno to chase after him.

At the temple's headquarters, Bamoun ultimately agreed to a duel between Cyno and Sethos, knowing that regardless of the outcome, the organization's future would be secured. He was also impressed to see a living [[Tighnarian]], due to their relationship with Hermanubis. On the day of the duel, Bamoun witnessed Cyno and Sethos' fight. Sethos ultimately lost the duel, and as Cyno absorbed his fragment, a bright light engulfed the chamber while Bamoun was left in awe. He shortly died after the duel ended, content with the outcome.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
== Trivia ==

=== Etymology ===

* Bamoun may be based on an Arabicized version of the {{w|Coptic language|Coptic}} name {{Lang|cop=Ⲡⲁⲙⲟⲩⲛ|cop_rm=Pamoun}}, from the ancient Egyptian {{w|theophoric name}} {{Lang|egy=pꜣ-jmn|egy_tl=one of {{w|Amun}}}}
** Similar to how the name Pamoun honors the Egyptian god Amun, Bamoun's name may be a reference to [[King Deshret]], who is also known as Amun, considering his role as leader of the [[Temple of Silence]], preserving the knowledge of King Deshret's civilization.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Bamoun
|zhs      = 巴穆恩
|zhs_rm   = Bāmù'ēn
|zht      = 巴穆恩
|zht_rm   = Bāmù'ēn
|ja       = バムーン
|ja_rm    = Bamuun
|ko       = 바문
|ko_rm    = 
|es       = Bamún
|fr       = Bamoun
|ru       = Бамун
|th       = Bamoun
|vi       = Bamoun
|de       = Bamoun
|id       = Bamoun
|pt       = Bamoun
|tr       = Bamoun
|it       = Bamoun
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}