{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12031
|image         = Story Quest Banquet of Parting.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Divina Vulpes Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 4
|act           = The Great Narukami Offering
|character     = Yae Miko
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   =
|prev          = A Centuries-Long Dream
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*525;Primogem*60;Mora*38,100;Guide to Light*5;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|characters    = Kyouta; Maki; Okazaki Rikuto; Oosuke; Paimon; Tetsuo; Traveler; Yae Miko
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Banquet of Parting''''' is the fourth and final part of {{Quest|The Great Narukami Offering}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] and look for [[Yae Miko]]
# Tell the shrine maidens to leave the shrine temporarily
# Go to the main road under [[Mt. Yougou]]
# Stop the affected monsters from getting up the mountain
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl*2;Hilichurl*3}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Hydro Slime*2;Anemo Samachurl;Large Pyro Slime}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Nobushi: Kikouban*2;Nobushi: Hitsukeban}}
#* Wave 4: {{Enemy List|Yoriki Samurai*2;Nobushi: Jintouban;Nobushi: Hitsukeban}}
# Return to the Grand Narukami Shrine
# Say farewell to the [[youkai]] within the [[Ley Line]]s
# Wait until the appointed time (the following day)
# Go close to [[Uyuu Restaurant]]
# Enter Uyuu Restaurant

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|What can we do for these youkai? If you were to answer honestly, it could only be a grand farewell party.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to the Grand Narukami Shrine and look for Yae Miko)
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well hello there, my little helpers, so nice of you to join me. You're right on time, too.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, as if we had a choice. We just want our paychecks.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, Miko, what exactly do we have to do to make this [[Hyakkiyakou]] happen?
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, to be clear, we actually have no idea what it even means.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It might sound ominous, but to put it simply, the Hyakkiyakou is just a gathering of the youkai.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Back in the day, at youkai gatherings, once everyone had had plenty to drink, one by one they'd start soaring into the sky with their youkai powers. There were so many of them that their silhouettes would block out the moon.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But now, the youkai memories that leak from the Ley Lines are weak. They are no longer able to fly.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So, I will be performing a convocation ritual for them, gathering all the wandering memories together in one place.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' When the time comes, they will gather in the sky above the Grand Narukami Shrine. Once their energy is spent, they will be satisfied, and return to where they belong.
:{{DIcon}} I see. I understand.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' All the preparations for the ritual have actually been made well in advance. Remember the incantation and the mention of "moonless night" that I added to our novel?
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, something about reciting "The Secret Spells of Lady Kitsune" on a moonless night.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That's the one. Actually, it's not a wish-granting incantation at all. It's a spell to help calm the Ley Line memories.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' When that time comes, let's all pitch in and help send them on their way!
:{{DIcon}} What do you need from me?
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I will start the ritual preparations shortly, and at that time, I need you to do two things:
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' First, tell the shrine maidens to leave the mountain.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' During the Hyakkiyakou, a whole swarm of youkai memories will be hanging around in the air above the Grand Narukami Shrine. Having the shrine maidens leave avoids the bothersome issue of someone potentially getting possessed.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' After that, I will commence the ritual, and the memories will begin to congregate. This will take some time. I need you at the foot of Mt. Yougou during this part to keep an eye on nearby monster activity.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The memories are normally dispersed, and don't pose a threat. But when their energy is concentrated, it is likely to disturb the monsters.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' They may see this as an opportunity to try and make it up the mountain. I need you to fend them off so that that doesn't happen.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, got it. Then what?
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... Well, if at that point you felt like coming to the shrine and getting a close-up view of the youkai, I wouldn't say no.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, {{Traveler}}, let's get going!
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Yae Miko seems to have prepared an incantation to soothe the Ley Lines while writing the novel, but before the farewell ritual can take place, some preparations still need to be made.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Maki]] and tell the shrine maidens to leave the shrine temporarily)
:{{A|vo ymlq004 2 maki 01.ogg}} '''Maki:''' ...Descend the mountain? Are those Lady Guuji's orders?
:{{A|vo ymlq004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, Miko said the ritual she's gonna perform soon might pose a physical danger to you all.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 2 maki 02.ogg}} '''Maki:''' I see... I'll evacuate everyone right away. What about you?
:{{A|vo ymlq004 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll be taking care of a couple other things for her, and once we're done with that, we're gonna come back and do the ritual together.
:{{DIcon}} Because we want to make sure she's safe, too.
:{{DIcon}} Because we want to see the youkai.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 2 maki 03.ogg}} '''Maki:''' It seems like Lady Guuji places great trust in you.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 2 maki 04.ogg}} '''Maki:''' Lady Guuji's never allowed anyone else to be in her presence when she's conducted rituals like this in the past.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 2 maki 05.ogg}} '''Maki:''' Thank you for helping with the ritual, and... good luck.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, we're much stronger than we look!

;(After talking to Maki)
:{{A|vo ymlq004 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko's about to start the ritual. Come on, let's go deal with the monsters down the mountain!

----
;(Go to the main road under Mt. Yougou)
:{{Black Screen|As night falls, the monsters slowly congregate in this area...}}
:{{A|vo ymlq004 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These monsters look really riled up!
:{{DIcon}} We can't let them up the mountain.
:{{DIcon}} Let's get rid of them, for Miko.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup yup! Let's get rid of them as fast as we can! Then we can get back in time to see the youkai!
:{{A|vo ymlq004 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, here they come, {{Traveler}}!

;(Stop the affected monsters from getting up the mountain)

;(Partway through the fight)
:{{A|vo ymlq004 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's so many of them! C'mon, {{Traveler}} you can do it!

;(After defeating the monsters)
:{{color|menu|You defeated the monsters that were attracted to this place...}}

:{{A|vo ymlq004 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, that's the last of the monsters.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How far along do you think the ritual is? Let's head back to the Grand Narukami Shrine and take a look, {{Traveler}}!
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The monsters affected by the Ley Lines have been cleared out. Time to head back to the Grand Narukami Shrine to meet Miko.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Return to the Grand Narukami Shrine)
----
;(Say farewell to the youkai within the Ley Lines)
{{Cutscene Description|You see the youkai off as they gather and ascend, reveling all the way. To help them go on their way in peace, you recite the incantation in earnest together with Miko, as do those readers who believe in The Secret Spells of Lady Kitsune. As you bless them, these beings who once fought so courageously in this land leave it once more with carefree hearts.}}
;(Cinematic starts)
::'''Paimon:''' Wow
::'''Paimon:''' So many
::'''Paimon:''' They're everywhere...
::'''Yae Miko:''' Yes
::'''Yae Miko:''' The memories of the youkai
::'''Yae Miko:''' They haven't been able to relax and soar through the air like this
::'''Yae Miko:''' For a long time
::'''Yae Miko:''' Come with me
::'''Yae Miko:''' You alright, little one?
::'''Yae Miko:''' You look a little nervous
::'''Paimon:''' It's just...
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon's never seen anything like this before...
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa
::'''Paimon:''' They've really blocked out the moon!
::'''Yae Miko:''' It does look a little intimidating
::'''Yae Miko:''' Doesn't it
::'''Yae Miko:''' But I know them
::'''Yae Miko:''' They may be loud and brash at times
::'''Yae Miko:''' But they are good and brave souls
::'''Yae Miko:''' Even after losing their lives in a brutal war
::'''Yae Miko:''' They have never given into grief or despair
::'''Yae Miko:''' Alas, their time is short
::'''Paimon:''' Do they...
::'''Paimon:''' Do they really have to go?
::'''Yae Miko:''' It's a feast
::'''Yae Miko:''' And all feasts come to an end
::'''Yae Miko:''' Hehe
::'''Yae Miko:''' Since you're sorry to see them leave
::'''Yae Miko:''' Why don't you do the recital along with me?
::'''Yae Miko:''' "Oh, [[Hakushin]], cause of this enchantment"
::'''Yae Miko:''' "In reverence I perform this rite"
::'''Paimon:''' "In reverence I perform this rite"
::'''Paimon and Yae Miko:''' "To be a guiding light..."
::'''Paimon:''' Wow
::'''Paimon:''' So beautiful
::'''Paimon:''' Look
::'''Paimon:''' Lights are coming from [[Inazuma City]]!
::'''City Resident:''' The book says
::'''City Resident:''' Recite the secret spells of Lady Kitsune tonight
::'''City Resident:''' And our wishes will come true...
::'''City Resident:''' "Oh, Hakushin, cause of this enchantment"
::'''City Resident:''' "I perform this rite, to be a guiding light"
::'''City Resident:''' "Your unrivaled power..."
::'''City Residents:''' "...will be honored eternally"
::'''Yae Miko:''' [[Urakusai]]
::'''Yae Miko:''' You asked if I was doing well
::'''Yae Miko:''' Really, every day is a happy day for me
::'''Yae Miko:''' But watching
::'''Yae Miko:''' You all leave now
::'''Yae Miko:''' I can't help but feel a little lonely
::'''Yae Miko:''' Mmm...
::'''Yae Miko:''' Just a little, of course
:;(Cinematic ends)

:{{A|vo ymlq004 4 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hm, just as I thought, the ritual went very smoothly. Thank you both.
:{{DIcon}} Miko, are you alright?
:{{A|vo ymlq004 4 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm? I'm great.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, the look on your face just now...
:{{A|vo ymlq004 4 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'm fine, seriously. Really! I...
:{{A|vo ymlq004 4 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Huh... Honestly, you two...
:{{A|vo ymlq004 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko...
:{{A|vo ymlq004 4 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Fine, well if you're dead-set on doing something for me, you can treat me to a meal.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure, no problem! A meal it is!
:{{DIcon}} A meal? It's a deal!
:{{A|vo ymlq004 4 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Okay. Well, see you soon, then.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|After the farewell ritual, you go to meet Miko the next day at Uyuu Restaurant.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Wait until the appointed time <nowiki>(the following day)</nowiki>)
:{{A|vo ymlq004 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Today is the day we agreed to treat Miko to a meal. The venue is Uyuu Restaurant. Let's go!

;(Go close to Uyuu Restaurant)
:{{A|vo ymlq004 6 kyouta 01.ogg}} '''[[Kyouta]]:''' Ugh, the wait is unbearable! How has the next chapter of "[[The Miraculous Adventures of the Traveler]]" not been released yet!
:{{A|vo ymlq004 6 oosuke 01.ogg}} '''[[Oosuke]]:''' It was quite a surprise when the "moonless night" finally came.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 6 tetsuo 01.ogg}} '''[[Tetsuo]]:''' Yeah, that huge black cloud over Mt. Yougou that night. It just seemed to form out of nowhere!
:{{A|vo ymlq004 6 oosuke 02.ogg}} '''Oosuke:''' But then nothing happened after I made a wish using the method in that book.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 6 tetsuo 02.ogg}} '''Tetsuo:''' *sigh* I guess light novels are just fiction after all, huh.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 6 oosuke 03.ogg}} '''Oosuke:''' That night was definitely the nail in the coffin for the "incantations from novels" fad. Still, something tells me "The Miraculous Adventures of the Traveler" will remain an interesting series for a long time to come!
:{{A|vo ymlq004 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Paimon can't see Miko anywhere.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess she's not out here. Uh... maybe she went inside already? Let's head in and look for her.

;(Enter Uyuu Restaurant)
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, my little friends, there you are.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko... what is this? You started eating without us!?
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I did, yes. You're paying, after all.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The thought of being able to eat the most expensive dishes and drink the finest sake, all for absolutely free... Oh, I just couldn't wait any longer.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, Boss, see these two faces here? Remember them. They're the ones picking up the bill later.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 okazakirikuto 01.ogg}} '''[[Okazaki Rikuto]]:''' Alrighty!
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhhh...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' What's gotten into you? Come on, sit yourselves down.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You have to try this fish. It's found exclusively in the waters around [[Seirai Island]]. They shipped it to Inazuma overnight, and it was still alive right up until I ordered it.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Or maybe you'd rather try this? I know, I know &mdash; I normally can't bring myself to drink sake this expensive either.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' If you don't drink alcohol, that's fine too. There are all kinds of fruit juices covering the whole price spectrum.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Grrr... Miko! You are outrageous!
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Last time we were here working on the novel, all you ordered for us was the plainest Kushikatsu!
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Huh? Strange, I remember no such thing.
:{{DIcon}} Well I certainly remember it.
:{{DIcon}} Kushikatsu and Fried Tofu. That was it.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh. So what? You did offer to treat me to a meal, didn't you? Anyway, I am something of a VIP, you know. Wouldn't you find it embarrassing to treat me anything short of lavishly?
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko, this meal is going to be super expensive. Aren't you afraid we won't be able to afford it?
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, oh, don't you worry about that. You can most definitely afford it... They're still printing your light novel by the batch, you know. You have quite the generous payment due.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What!?
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaaah, darn it!!! She tricked us into this, {{Traveler}}! Miko was after our Mora from the very beginning!
:{{DIcon}} Shouldn't have let our guard down...
:{{DIcon}} We've been taken for a ride...
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hahaha, oh, the looks on your faces right now. Too perfect. Hahaha.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, by the way &mdash; since nobody's wishes came true on the moonless night, novels with incantations are no longer in vogue.
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So you'll have to come up with something new for the next chapter of "The Miraculous Adventures of the Traveler."
:{{A|vo ymlq004 7 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The deadline is looming... I'm counting on you.
;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Yae Miko again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq004 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Thank you for the meal. I thoroughly enjoyed myself today.
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq004 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, did I mention? [[Ei]] saw that convocation ritual we performed over the Grand Narukami Shrine.
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq004 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I know she can be pig-headed, but it still took me by surprise when she wrote me a long and sternly worded letter about it, chastising me for "taking this whole thing much too far."
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq004 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ugh, I hardly see what all the fuss is about. Everyone seemed perfectly happy to me.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Banquet of Parting
|zhs     = 筵席终散
|zhs_rm  = Yánxí Zhōngsàn
|zht     = 筵席終散
|zht_rm  = Yánxí Zhōngsàn
|zh_tl   = Banquet Ends
|ja      = 終わり無き宴無し
|ja_rm   = Owari Naki Utage Nashi
|ja_tl   = There Is No Feast That Never Ends
|ko      = 끝나지 않는 잔치는 없다
|ko_rm   = Kkeunnaji Anneun Janchineun Eoptta
|ko_tl   = There is No Feast that Never Ends
|es      = Banquete de despedida
|es_tl   = Farewell Banquet
|fr      = Banquet de départ
|fr_tl   = Banquet of Parting
|ru      = Прощальный банкет
|ru_tl   = Farewell Banquet
|th      = ในที่สุดงานเลี้ยงก็ต้องเลิกรา
|th_rm   = Nai thi Sut Ngan Liang Ko Tong Loek Ra
|th_tl   = Finally the Banquet Must End
|vi      = Bữa Tiệc Chia Tay
|vi_tl   = Parting Party
|de      = Bankett des Abschieds
|de_tl   = Banquet of Parting
|id      = Pesta Perpisahan
|id_tl   = Parting Party
|pt      = Banquete de Despedida
|pt_tl   = Banquet of Parting
|tr      = Veda Partisi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Banchetto d'addio
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[es:Banquete de despedida]]