{{stub|Is this quest repeatable? If not, add a note about that.}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|part          = 1
|type          = Commission
|image         = NPC Location Sango Context.png
|npc           = Sango
|next          = Bantan Sango Case File: The Search
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|characters    = Amano; Andou; Ryuuji; Sango; Traveler
|other         = *AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Bantan Sango Case File''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Sango]]
#*She can be found at [[Bantan Sango Detective Agency]], east of [[Amenoma Smithy]].
#Meet up with [[Ryuuji]]
#*He can be found on the beach south of the north Inazuma City teleporter
#Defeat all the [[Treasure Hoarders]]
#*Fend off two waves of Treasure Hoarders
#Talk to Ryuuji
#Talk to Sango
#*Go back to the city and talk to her again

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this commission unlocks the daily commission "[[Bantan Sango Case File: The Search]]."

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Enemies==
Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Crusher;Treasure Hoarders: Cryo Potioneer;Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer}}
Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger;Treasure Hoarders: Seaman;Treasure Hoarders: Marksman*2}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You hear of a mysterious store called the [[Bantan Sango Detective Agency]] in Inazuma...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Sango)
:'''Sango''': It's about time...
:'''Sango''': Oh-ho, welcome. Are you having a problem?
:'''Sango''': Hm, I see. You don't have any problems... you just want to wander around...
:'''Sango''': Well, this is the humble [[Bantan Sango Detective Agency]]. And I am a detective.
:{{DIcon}} Might I ask your name?
::'''Sango''': My name is Sango, and I'm the president of this detective agency.
::'''Sango''': Well, I call myself the president, but this detective agency only has two employees.
:{{DIcon}} What do you do as a detective?
::'''Sango''': Huh, that's a good question. From the perspective of the general public, detective work might seem rather special and mysterious.
::'''Sango''': But as far as I'm concerned, it's like any other work. It pays the bills.
::'''Sango''': That said, the work is a little unusual sometimes and the clients are occasionally noteworthy individuals...
::'''Sango''': But otherwise, it's a way to make a living just like any other.
:'''Sango''': So, is this the first time you've seen a detective agency?
:{{DIcon}} I didn't meet a single detective in all of Mondstadt.
::'''Sango''': Mondstadt... Oh, you mean Mondstadt City. I've heard of it.
::'''Sango''': The two most famous things about Mondstadt are its wine and its freedom.
::'''Sango''': Haha, those two things really compliment each other... I suspect that if there were detectives in Mondstadt, their business would be booming every day.
:{{DIcon}} I've never seen a detective in Liyue.
::'''Sango''': Liyue doesn't really need detectives. I've heard of how much they value contracts there.
::'''Sango''': Besides, they have the Millelith, who quickly solve problems large and small...
::'''Sango''': Even if there were a detective agency, I suspect it would have to close down due of lack of business.
:{{DIcon}} I've only met one legal adviser... ''(Unlocked if the player met [[Yanfei]] during [[A Teapot to Call Home: Part I]])''
::'''Sango''': Legal advisers? Ah... I've heard that... they're pretty difficult to deal with.
::'''Sango''': I suspect that what these people do is complicate simple problems. They take something simple and make it complex and then turn it into confusing contracts.
::'''Sango''': I hope I never meet one.
:'''Sango''': Now, you look kinda interested in the detective agency.
:{{DIcon}} Can I be a detective?
::'''Sango''': You want to be a detective? It's a tough job. Don't let fiction fool you.
::'''Sango''': There are no thrilling chases or life and death decisions during cases.
::'''Sango''': Real detective work is more along the lines of files that fill an entire room, muddy mountain roads, and suspects who leave nary a trace...
::'''Sango''': Maybe it's hard to understand from me just describing it... I happen to have a small case open. Why don't you get some personal experience in?
:{{DIcon}} It sounds like quite a hassle...
::'''Sango''': That's right. Detectives are professional problem solvers.
::'''Sango''': Thrilling chases and life and death decisions are just for the novels.
::'''Sango''': Real detective work is more along the lines of files that fill an entire room, muddy mountain roads, and suspects who leave nary a trace...
::'''Sango''': But the novels do get one thing right: detectives always have a variety of assistants.
::{{DIcon}} So you also have assistants, then?
::'''Sango''': Of course. Mine is busy outside, as a matter of fact. So now... I'm in need of another one.
::'''Sango''': Would you be willing to help me?
:'''Sango''': My assistant, Ryuuji, went out to collect clues a little while ago and still hasn't returned.
:'''Sango''': He should have collected enough clues by now, though.
:'''Sango''': Could you go get Ryuuji for me?
:{{DIcon}} He isn't in any danger, is he?
::'''Sango''': I went over everything with him. Even if something unexpected happens, he should be able to handle it.
:{{DIcon}} There couldn't have been an accident, right?...
::'''Sango''': Not likely. I covered everything with him.
::'''Sango''': Even if something unexpected happens...
::'''Sango''': With his skills, he should be able to take care of himself.
:'''Sango''': What I'm more concerned about is whether he has found what I'm looking for or not.
:'''Sango''': So I'll wait for your news and of course, you will get paid. Plus... it's a chance for you to experience the life of a detective.

;(Talk to Sango again)
:'''Sango''': So I'll wait for your news and of course, you will get paid. Plus... it's a chance for you to experience the life of a detective.
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you worried about your assistant?
::'''Sango''': He's very skilled and tough. No need to worry about him.
::'''Sango''': After all, he used to be a Doushin.
:{{DIcon}} Why didn't you go with your assistant?
::'''Sango''': Well, how should I put it... we both have our roles to play.
::'''Sango''': He is responsible for gathering evidence and clues and I'm responsible for analyzing them to uncover the truth.
::'''Sango''': A reasonable division of labor is the basis for an agency to function well.

----
;(Upon reaching Ryuuji's location)
:'''Treasure Hoarder:''' This guy is a tough nut to crack...

;(Upon defeating all Treasure Hoarders)
:'''Treasure Hoarder''': What... a Doushin! Today is the worst!
:'''Treasure Hoarder''': Everyone, retreat!

;(Talk to Ryuuji)
:'''Ryuuji''': Ah. You're the assistant Sango was talking about?
:{{DIcon}} You were expecting me?
:'''Ryuuji''': Well... not really. It's just Sango said that someone was coming to help out.
:'''Andou''': Hey, what are you guys doing?
;(Doushin arrive)
:'''Amano''': Are those Treasure Hoarders? Why are they so close to the city...
:'''Andou''': Ryuuji, why are you here? And this suspicious outsider...
:{{DIcon}} You talking to me?
::'''Andou''': Yeah, I mean, you're the only outlander here.
::'''Andou''': Sango's assistant? Now that sounds even more suspicious...
:{{DIcon}} I'm Sango's assistant.
::'''Andou''': Sango's assistant? Now that sounds even more suspicious...
:'''Amano''': Alright, let's not be overly sensitive. Ryuuji, what brings you here?
:'''Ryuuji''': I was following a suspicious person here according to Sango's instructions, but then I bumped into some Treasure Hoarders.
:'''Ryuuji''': The Traveler is an assistant invited by Sango. We just drove the Treasure Hoarders off together.
:'''Amano''': I see... But why would there be Treasure Hoarders nearby?
:'''Andou''': Ryuuji, you just mentioned you were following some suspicious people... Hey! Did you follow the Treasure Hoarders from inside the city?
:'''Ryuuji''': I think so. Sango's been dealing with a serial theft case. I've been searching the city based on her hunch.
:'''Ryuuji''': Shortly after, I spotted a suspicious man near Hanamizaka. He left in a panic after I just asked a couple of questions.
:'''Ryuuji''': I followed him out of town, and you all know what happened after that.
:'''Andou''': Hmm... Ryuuji, how are you suddenly so good at talking? You weren't much of a talker before.
:'''Amano''': Working with Sango makes you a good speaker, I see, eh?
:{{DIcon}} What are you two doing here?
::'''Amano''': Andou said that there was a suspicious blonde outlander wandering around town, so we came to have a look.
:{{DIcon}} So, you also followed a suspicious person here?
::'''Amano''': You can say that. Albeit the suspicious person we were pursuing was actually you. Ahem.
:'''Amano''': That's why we followed you. I didn't know that you were Sango's assistant. Sorry for the misunderstanding.
:'''Amano''': Ah... Ryuuji, you said that you found the suspicious person in the city, right?
:'''Ryuuji''': That's correct.
:'''Andou''': How dare they try to sink their paws into our city...
:'''Ryuuji''': Yeah. But when it's only... us...
:{{DIcon}} (Why is he suddenly at a loss for words?)
:{{DIcon}} (He seems to have forgotten what he was saying...)
:'''Ryuuji''': Hmm... Still, we can only drive off one or two Treasure Hoarders by ourselves. To get rid of them completely, we have to rely on you guys.
:'''Ryuuji''': If you want to see the evidence, you can go to the city and look for Sango. She will explain everything to you in detail.
:'''Andou''': Hmm... Amano, let's go look for Sango. If there really are Treasure Hoarders in town, we should do something.
:'''Amano''': Yes... yes, that's right! Let's go find Sango. Ryuuji, you should head back soon too.
;(Doushin leave)
:'''Ryuuji''': ...Phew.
:'''Ryuuji''': Let's head back.
:{{DIcon}} The things that you just said...
:'''Ryuuji''': Sango asked me to say them.
:'''Ryuuji''': We've done our part, so let's go back.

----
;(Talk to Sango)
:'''Amano''': Miss Sango, is this true?
:'''Andou''': Are the serial burglaries in the city really the work of Treasure Hoarders?
:'''Sango''': That's for certain. I've just shown you the evidence, I'm sure that with your professional instincts, you should have already figured that out.
:'''Andou''': The Treasure Hoarders... how dare they! They have no regard for us at all, do they?
:'''Andou''': Amano! Let's go back and report this.
:'''Andou''': We must step up our patrols. We can't give these jerks a single opening.
:'''Amano''': Miss Sango, may we borrow the evidence? We need it to convince the higher-ups to take action.
:'''Sango''': No problem, go ahead. It's not within our agency's ability to handle the Treasure Hoarders. We'll have to rely on the police for that.
:'''Andou''': Please rest assured! We shan't let any of the Treasure Hoarders off!
;(Doushin leave)
:'''Sango''': Thank you. Now... everything should be ready.
:{{DIcon}} Ready?
::'''Sango''': Yes. The two Doushin from the police station are important "assistants" in closing this case.
:{{DIcon}} What are you planning?
::'''Sango''': I am a detective, so I plan on solving the case, of course.
::'''Sango''': The two Doushin from the police station are important "assistants" in closing that case.
:'''Sango''': After the two Doushin step up their patrols, the Treasure Hoarders in town will be on high alert.
:'''Sango''': Ryuuji, you fought with the Treasure Hoarders at the place I asked you to go to, right?
:'''Ryuuji''': Yes. Traveler and I fought them off.
:'''Sango''': Hmm... that's good. You've probably made quite a splash.
:'''Sango''': All we have to do now is wait for an opportunity.
:'''Sango''': Thank you for your help, Traveler. Here's your remuneration.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not sure I've done anything to help...
:'''Sango''': Don't say that. You attracted Andou's attention by being an outlander, and got him and Amano to chase you and rendezvous with Ryuuji...
:'''Sango''': Now they've seen the threat of the Treasure Hoarders with their own eyes, which will cause them to step up patrols in the city...
:'''Sango''': That was all something only you could have done.
:'''Sango''': After all, it was more effective to let the Doushin witness the Treasure Hoarders themselves than for me to just tell them.
:'''Sango''': Anyway, take these. Who knows? Maybe I'll need your help again some time.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* If the player hasn't completed [[A Teapot to Call Home: Part I]], the dialogue option "I've only met one legal adviser" will not be available.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Bantan Sango Case File
|zhs     = 万端珊瑚事件簿
|zhs_rm  = Wànduān Shānhú Shìjiànbù
|zht     = 萬端珊瑚事件簿
|zht_rm  = Wànduān Shānhú Shìjiànbù
|zh_tl   = Bantan Sango Case File
|ja      = 万端珊瑚事件簿
|ja_rm   = Bantan Sango Jikenbo
|ja_tl   = Bantan Sango Case File
|ko      = 만능 산고 사건부
|ko_rm   = Manneung Sango Sageonbu
|ko_tl   = Almighty Sango Case File
|es      = Expediente Bantan Sango
|es_tl   = Bantan Sango File
|fr      = L'affaire du Bantan Sango
|fr_tl   = Bantan Sango Case
|ru      = Дело Бантан Санго
|ru_tl   = Bantan Sango Case
|th      = แฟ้มคดีของ Bantan Sango
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Bantan Sango's Case File
|vi      = Hồ Sơ Bantan Sango
|vi_tl   = Bantan Sango File
|de      = Fallakte Bantan Sango
|de_tl   = Case File Bantan Sango
|id      = Berkas Kasus Bantan Sango
|id_tl   = Bantan Sango Case File
|pt      = Dossiê de Bantan Sango
|pt_tl   = Bantan Sango File
|tr      = Bantan Sango Dava Dosyası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il dossier della Bantan Sango
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|In Series}}

[[es:Expediente Bantan Sango]]
[[ru:Дело Бантан Санго]]