{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Banu.png
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|father           = Shalmar
|affiliation      = 
}}
'''Banu''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in the Event [[Star-Seeker's Sojourn]].

==Profile==
Banu is [[Shalmar]]'s daughter that requested for the Traveler's help to search for [[Future Star]]s. When the Traveler was finally able to collect all of the future stars, they installed them into a mechanism and were suddenly attacked by [[Fungi]]. Apple, a [[Rishboland Tiger]] and Banu's family pet, came and helped them defend against the Fungi. Soon afterwards, Shalmar came out from a hole he was hiding in and gave his daughter a [[Starconch]] which he dubbed as the Great Future Star that was created by the Future Stars Banu and the Traveler collected.

Banu has a very casual relationship with her father. She is also competent and, according to Shalmar's words, better at making mixed rice.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Banu:''' How's it going? Have you found all the Future Stars?
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Banu:''' Oh... Do you not know how to use "[[Banu's Wisdom]]"? It's really simple, just do as the manual says.
::{{DIcon}} There's a manual?
:::'''Banu:''' Of course! Wait, did you not see one? Oh no, I must've forgotten to bring it...
::{{DIcon}} Where's the manual?
:::'''Banu:''' I put it with "Banu's Wisdom." Wait, did you not see one? Oh no, I must've forgotten to bring it from home...
::'''Banu:''' But it's okay. Just put "Banu's Wisdom" on the ground and it will automatically point to where the Future Stars are. All you need to do is to follow its guidance.
::'''Banu:''' Remember, after it runs for a while, it will need to rest a bit before it can point you to the location of the Future Stars again.
:{{DIcon}} We have.
::'''Banu:''' See? I'm not lying and the Future Stars are all real! After all, [[Shalmar]] buried them himself.
::'''Banu:''' As an adult, he may not be the most reliable, if at all. But he'd never lie to me. I believe him.
::'''Banu:''' I've marked the location of the Future Stars on the map. Just follow that map and you should be able to find them all.
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to have a chat.
::'''Banu:''' Ah, this I can really relate to. It gets boring easier than you'd believe when you're out in the wild all by yourself.
::'''Banu:''' When I was at home, I had so many things to do every day. Apart from all the housework, I had to cook meals for Shalmar with [[Apple (NPC)|Apple]], or else he'd have nothing to eat and starve.
::'''Banu:''' Those were some busy days, but I never felt bored. But now, I'm away from home and all by myself, so I understand how you feel completely.
::{{DIcon}} About Shalmar...
:::'''Banu:''' You want to know about Shalmar? Well, Shalmar is Shalmar, can't cook meals, can't sweep floors, just another terrible adult.
:::'''Banu:''' He's either writing reports in his study at home, or working at the Akademiya.
:::'''Banu:''' I remember that he's one of those [[Spantamad]] researchers. But his job is so vastly different from that of those amazing traveling scholars who are always on the road.
:::'''Banu:''' He told me that he just sorts out old stuff in a dark warehouse every day, which isn't cool at all. And no one would play with him and that's just sad.
:::'''Banu:''' So whenever he's bored, I hang out with him, and we come up with all kinds of settings. Someone's got to keep him company and play with him.
:::{{DIcon}} Settings?
:::'''Banu:''' Yes, settings. You looked as confused as when we were talking about the setting of the Future Stars just now. Are you unfamiliar with settings?
:::'''Banu:''' I can teach you how to come up with them. So next time, when you get bored, you can create your own settings just for fun.
:::'''Banu:''' Shalmar said settings are just sets of rules. Many rules are created by others, but you can also create your own rules. And that's fun!
:::'''Banu:''' For example, Shalmar would take back old items that the Akademiya intended to get rid of. We would come up with a setting for each item and all of a sudden, they became new and useful.
:::'''Banu:''' Shalmar and I came up with the setting of the Future Stars together. They used to be called Parvo Cores. I mean, "Future Star" is just a much better name than that, right?
:::'''Banu:''' But soon, I'll be studying at the Akademiya and have little time to hang out with Shalmar anymore.
::{{DIcon}} About 50 Things Every Traveling Scholar Should Know...
:::'''Banu:''' You mean the book I lent you? Don't worry about it. I've got a few more copies in my pack and a good pile at home.
:::'''Banu:''' They've printed too many copies, so the editor just gave the rest to us. After all, Shalmar wrote the book.
:::'''Banu:''' I've been preparing to become a traveling scholar, so I've read that book many times, to the point where I can recite most of it. So it's fine to lend it to others.
:::'''Banu:''' Although, the copy I lent to you only has a few pages left. Save for the map, I've used most of the pages to light fires...
:::'''Banu:''' If you want to give it a read, I can lend you an intact copy.
:::{{DIcon}} Why do you want to become a traveling scholar?
:::'''Banu:''' Hmmm... Because traveling scholars can travel the world and that's fun!
:::{{DIcon}} Adventurers can also travel the world.
:::'''Banu:''' But traveling scholars can contribute more, y'know. I often heard those adults at the [[Citadel of Regzar]] complain about those adventurers trapping themselves in the desert and that they had to send people to rescue them.
:::'''Banu:''' While traveling scholars get to study abroad with their certificates in different countries. Isn't that awesome? And they usually bring tons of useful reports back to the Akademiya as well.
:::'''Banu:''' While you were searching for the Future Stars, I wasn't slacking off here. I've been writing my traveling report and I'm halfway through it already.
:::'''Banu:''' Anyway... I'd most like to become a traveling scholar. But if I can't be that, I'll consider becoming an adventurer as you suggested.
::{{DIcon}} About Apple...
:::'''Banu:''' Do you want to know her? I can introduce you to Apple for sure!
:::'''Banu:''' Apple is my best friend. When I was little, mom brought her back home. She used to carry me on her back and walk me around. She'd help me cook too!
:::'''Banu:''' Whenever we were running short of fish and meat back home, she would go out and buy some fresh fish and meat for me.
:::'''Banu:''' Apple is the best! With her by my side, no one dares to bully me.
::{{DIcon}} Bye.
:::'''Banu:''' Are you going now? Okay. Come back to me when you find all the Future Stars!
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Banu
|zhs     = 芭努
|zhs_rm  = Bānǔ
|zht     = 芭努
|zht_rm  = Bānǔ
|ja      = バヌ
|ja_rm   = Banu
|ko      = 바누
|es      = Banu
|fr      = Banu
|ru      = Бану
|th      = Banu
|vi      = Banu
|de      = Banu
|id      = Banu
|pt      = Banu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Banu]]
[[ru:Бану]]
[[uk:Бану]]