{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Baptiste.png
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|father           = Morris
|mother           = Elisa
|motherNote       = deceased
|sibling          = Veronique
|siblingNote      = sister
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Baptiste''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in the Event [[Roses and Muskets]]. He is the author of ''[[The Two Musketeers]]''.

==Profile==
Baptiste is the original author of The Two Musketeers, which is based on his backstory and his fantasy about getting revenge against [[Morris]].

He and Veronique were the children of [[Elisa]], who had gotten pregnant from a relationship with Morris. Morris, who feared the backlash should the relationship be known, sent Elisa away. Elisa, still believing he loved her, carried on with the pregnancy and gave birth to him and Veronique, sending a photo of them to Morris. At that time, Morris had entered a relationship with another woman, and fearful of what would happen, hired an assassin from [[Court of Fontaine: Fleuve Cendre|Fleuve Cendre]] to kill them. Elisa hid the two under the floor of their home and confronted the assassin, dying in the process.

Baptiste and Veronique, fearing for their lives, did not emerge until several days had passed. They were aware of their mother's murderer and sought revenge, but due to Morris' connections, were unable to reach him. By the events of the [[Fontinalia Festival]], Veronique was able to kill the assassin responsible for Elisa's death, though still unable to reach Morris. In the subsequent investigation, [[Chevreuse]] deems Baptiste a potential subject and pay a visit to his home at the outskirts of [[Mont Automnequi]], eliminating the clockwork meka guards patrolling his home. He confesses to killing the assassin, but refuses to reveal more until the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] were sent away, wanting to speak with her in private.

During the conversation, he digs up the musket used to kill the assassin and dismantles it, but is unable to reassemble it back. He also reveals to her that he wanted to see Morris killed for his crimes before being taken into custody. This results in Chevreuse determining that the killer was actually Veronique. Chevreuse manages to corner Morris and makes him confess to the crime, but does not kill him, instead opting to take him into custody. Veronique, watching the scene, becomes disgusted and tries to kill Morris herself, but is foiled by Chevreuse. The three would later be sent to the [[Fortress of Meropide]] to serve out their crimes, Baptiste included due to being an accessory to murder. Chevreuse decides to give [[Wriothesley]] a "heads-up" with their arrival and suggests that he give everyone a copy of [[The Steambird]] regarding the case, so that the prison's inhabitants would see both him and his sister as heroes and Morris as a villain so that he would not live the comfortable life the two thought he would receive if he was convicted.
<!--
===Appearance===
Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.
''(To be added.)''
-->

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Baptiste
|zhs     = 巴蒂斯特
|zhs_rm  = Bādìsītè
|zht     = 巴蒂斯特
|zht_rm  = Bādìsītè
|ja      = バティスト
|ja_rm   = Batisuto
|ko      = 바티스트
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Baptiste
|fr      = Baptiste
|ru      = Батист
|th      = Baptiste
|vi      = Baptiste
|de      = Baptiste
|id      = Baptiste
|pt      = Baptiste
|tr      = Baptiste
|it      = Baptiste
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Baptiste]]