{{Event
|name              = Barbara's Avatar Frame Has Arrived! Claim an Exclusive 2023 Reward!
|image             = Barbara's Avatar Frame Has Arrived! Claim an Exclusive 2023 Reward!.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-07-01 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-09-30 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/20616755
}}
{{Description|Hello, Travelers~<br>In V2.0 of HoYoLAB's Widget Usage Guide, Mimo hinted at a mysterious reward! Well, today you're gonna get to see it!}}
'''Barbara's Avatar Frame Has Arrived! Claim an Exclusive 2023 Reward!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.7]].

==Event Rewards==
Mysterious Reward Set 1: Barbara's Avatar Frame has arrived!

==Event Duration==
July 1, 2023 — September 30, 2023 (UTC+8)

==How to Obtain==
From now until September 30, click the companionship button on the top-right side of the widget or below the #Barbara topic. Once the requisite days are accumulated, Barbara's avatar frame will be unlocked for varying durations!

[https://www.hoyolab.com/article/18458763 >> Widget Usage Guide <<]<br>(Refer to this guide if you don't know how to add widgets)

==Reward Distribution and Time==
* Accumulate 1 Companionship day with Barbara to get her avatar frame for 3 days
* Accumulate 7 Companionship days with Barbara to get her avatar frame for 7 days
* Accumulate 14 Companionship days with Barbara to get her avatar frame for 30 days
* Accumulate 30 Companionship days with Barbara to get her avatar frame permanently

P.S.: Travelers who have already accumulated the aforementioned number of companionship days before July 31 will get their exclusive avatar frame rewards within 7 days.

==Notes==
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings: https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# Users must follow HoYoLAB community rules when posting, otherwise they will not be eligible to win.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one prize during the event.
# The following will be regarded as invalid submissions: publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, content which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters, deletion of comments after results have been announced, and replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself).

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}