{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Barbara
|id             = 368106
|image          = Character Barbara Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Barbara''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
*"I should practice..."
*"Big sister..."
*"Need to wake myself up..."
*"Time for prayers..."
*"Chilibrew..."
When the player is nearby:
*"Hi there!"
*"Good luck."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo barbara mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Hi there, (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo barbara mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Seeing you so full of life puts my mind at rest.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Oh, I love it here!
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Barbara''' The scenery here is so different from Mondstadt's. I find it really refreshing.
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Barbara''' And, here I can sing at the top of my voice without having to worry if I'm disturbing anyone! It's the best way to practice.
::{{DIcon}} Surely no-one would ever consider your sweet voice a disturbance?
:::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Ah...
:::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg}} '''Barbara''' It sure is nice of you to say that! But, uh... still, I always need to make sure I'm being considerate of other people.
:::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship1 04a 3.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Anyway, I'm really happy you invited me here!
::{{DIcon}} That's great!
:::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Yeah... I'm just so happy that you invited me to come here.
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Barbara''' I think I'd like to stay here a little longer.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Oh, sure!
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Hehe...
::{{DIcon}} What's with that smile...
::{{DIcon}} Have you suddenly remembered something amusing?
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Oh, I just realized that I haven't chatted with a friend like this in a long time.
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Barbara''' I just feel so blessed all of a sudden.
::{{DIcon}} Seems like you're easy to please.
:::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship2 05a 1.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Uhh... Is that so...
:::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship2 05a 2.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Well, maybe... but it's not such a bad thing.
:::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship2 05a 3.ogg}} '''Barbara''' The easier you find it to receive joy, the more energy you have to share that joy with other people.
:::{{DIcon}} You are every bit as wonderful as people say.
::{{DIcon}} It's because you're always putting other people first.
:::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship2 05b 1.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Of course I do, that's what I'm supposed to do!
:::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship2 05b 2.ogg}} '''Barbara''' I've always had so many people looking out for me. I just want to do all that is within my power to repay their kindness.
:::{{DIcon}} You are every bit as wonderful as people say.
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Ahh... please, no need to shower me with compliments...
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Only with constructive criticism can we grow, right...?
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Oh, I've been practicing a new song recently.
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Barbara''' But I'm still trying to iron out a few details...
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Barbara''' When I repeat the chorus, should I go up a half step? I can't decide... And I think there's room for improvement with the dance routine, but I'm not sure...
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Barbara''' If it's no trouble, I'd really appreciate it if you could watch my performance and give me your suggestions.
::{{DIcon}} You have my unconditional support.
::{{DIcon}} It would be my honor.
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Thank you...!
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Um... Please don't laugh at me if there are parts that still need practicing.
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Barbara''' I've thought about this a lot of times in the past, but it's taken me this long to finally pluck up the courage to perform for you at such close distance.
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Barbara''' If you laughed at me, there'd be nowhere I could run from my embarrassment...
::{{DIcon}} Don't worry. I won't laugh.
::{{DIcon}} I believe in you, and you should believe in yourself as well.
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Whew... Okay.
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Then...
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Let the show begin!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Barbara.
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Morning! May you be blessed with a wonderful day!
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Barbara''' I'll pray for you~
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Barbara.
::{{A|vo barbara mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Barbara''' Good night! Sweet dreams.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Amidst Whispering Winds===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md barbara bedroom 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Such a tidy room... It reminds me of the Knights of Favonius' guest room.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md barbara bedroom 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Now, if only it had a few cute decorations, it would be even more cozy...
:{{A|vo mimitomo md barbara bedroom 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Let's go buy some when you have the time!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Bird and Blossom Park===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md barbara park 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' The wind blowing through this park brings with it a familiar scent.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md barbara park 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' This would be the perfect spot to rest on a nice afternoon, listening to the sounds of the water... It's just so relaxing.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md barbara park 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Thank you! I love this place.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Барбара/Компаньон]]