{{Character Infobox
|type             = Manga-Only
|deceased         = Past
|image            = NPC Barca Lawrence.png
|realname         = 
|region           = Mondstadt
|affiliation      = Lawrence Clan
|title            = 
|father           = Lord Lawrence
|ancestry         = [[Lawrence Clan]]
|relative         = Venerare
|relativeNote     = ancestor
|relative2        = Eula
|relativeNote2    = descendant
|relative3        = Schubert
|relativeNote3    = descendant
}}
'''Barca Lawrence''' was a historical figure who lived a thousand years ago, during the time of [[Vennessa]]'s rebellion. He was the son of [[Lord Lawrence]], the leader of the [[Lawrence Clan]] at the time. So far, he has only appeared in the [[Manga]] Prologue chapter.

==Profile==
<!--detailed story/lore information goes here-->
===Appearance===

==Story==
Little is known about Barca beyond his arrogant and spoiled personality, which was the product of the [[Mondstadt Aristocracy|aristocracy]]'s descent into degeneracy. In the year Vennessa's rebellion occurred, he was about to claim the Harpastum ball in [[Ludi Harpastum]] for the fifth year in a row, after which he would take the Ludi Harpastum maiden for himself, against their wills. The fates of the previous four maidens are unknown. However, [[Venti]] had awoken to the cries of his people and to Vennessa's plight, and upon seeing how far his city has fallen, claims the ball for himself. After riling Barca up, he flees the scene and runs into Vennessa, who was buying medicine for her sister [[Lind]].<ref name="Manga0">{{Ref/Manga|0}}</ref>

Vennessa, who at the time belonged to another unidentified noble family, stood up to Barca for Venti's sake. Because of her reputation as an undefeated gladiator, Barca decides not to cross her and retreats. However, to enact his revenge, the Lawrence Clan purchases not only Vennessa but her entire clan as well, then forces Vennessa into a gladiator tournament to win their freedom.<ref name="Manga0" /> During this time, she defeats [[Eberhart]]'s [[Unnamed Gladiator]] as one of her opponents.<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Gladiator's Finale}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Book|Ancient Investigation Journal: Part II}}</ref>

Barca is last seen in the manga waking Vennessa up for her final battle, during which he informs her that she and her clan would be fighting Mondstadt's long-time nemesis, [[Ursa the Drake]]. In her hour of need, Venti reveals his true form as the Anemo Archon, [[Barbatos]], and repels Ursa the Drake before telling Lord Lawrence to hand over the city to Vennessa as he had promised,<ref name="Manga0" /> leading to Vennessa's rebellion. Barca's ultimate fate is unknown, but he was presumably exiled with the rest of the Lawrence Clan afterwards and eventually died.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Barca Lawrence
|zhs      = 巴克・劳伦斯
|zhs_rm   = Bākè Láolúnsī
|zht      = 巴克・勞倫斯
|zht_rm   = Bākè Láolúnsī
|ja       = バク・ローレンス
|ja_rm    = Baku Roorensu
|ko       = 바르크・로렌스
|ko_rm    = Bareukeu Rorenseu
|es       = Bart Lawrence
|fr       = Barca Lawrence
|ru       = Барка Лоуренс
|th       = บาร์คา ลอว์เรนซ์
|th_rm    = Bakha Loren
|vi       = Barca Lawrence
|de       = Barca Lawrence
|id       = Barca Lawrence
|pt       = Barca Lawrence
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[de:Barca Lawrence]]
[[es:Barca Lawrence]]
[[pt-br:Barca Lawrence]]