{{Meta
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Baron Bigfoot.png
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Adventurers' Guild
|title            = Contestant

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Baron Bigfoot''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Baron Bigfoot is a retired<ref name="baron bigfoot watch party notice">Event [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]] Interactable: [[Fabulous_Fungus_Frenzy/Story#Bulletin_Board,_After_Round_4|Bulletin Board, After Round 4]]</ref> seasoned member of the [[Adventurers' Guild]]. As a result of his adventures in [[Dragonspine]],<ref>Event [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]], Championship Progress: [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy/Championship Progress#Opponent's Profile|Baron Bigfoot's profile]]</ref> which he greatly enjoyed, he earned the moniker of "Bigfoot."

He entered the [[Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament]] during the events of [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]] and trained a team of Fungi centered around a [[Whirling Cryo Fungus]], "Gusto-Frosto." He won two rounds but lost to the Traveler and their [[Floating Hydro Fungus]], "Bongo-Head." After reflecting on the experience, Baron Bigfoot used his savings to purchase a film of the competition and a film player, and he agreed to host regular watch parties for free for anyone interested.<ref name="baron bigfoot watch party notice" />

===Personality===
Baron Bigfoot is friendly and easygoing. He values fairness and does not even mind sharing information about his strategy during the Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament, seeing the tournament as the lighthearted competition that it is. While confident in himself, he is not arrogant; he not only learns from his own experiences but also compares his experiences to that of others' to see where he is lacking.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Baron Bigfoot}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|Vo dialog eqpm001 cryocrank 01.ogg}} '''Baron Bigfoot:''' (What a completely unremarkable opponent. Disappointing.)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
===Dialogue Set #1===
''Available after completing [[Nilotpala Cup: Debut Match]]''
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Baron Bigfoot near the [[Coruscating Potential]] stall)
:'''Baron Bigfoot:''' Hmm, these potions really are capable of bring out the [[Cryo]] powers of the Fungi.
:{{DIcon}} Cryo?
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' Yeah. When I was younger, I traveled to [[Mondstadt]] and loved working in the cold. My peers called me the "Bigfoot."
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' Now that I've joined the competition, it would only be right that I carry on my old habits.
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' And that's why my Fungus team will be centered around Gusto-Frosto to maximize the Cryo effects.
::'''Paimon:''' Why would you tell us all about your Fungi? What if we get matched against each other?
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' Using extra information to secure victory is a useful tactic, but it's not my style.
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' After all, this is just a competition--not some kind of cutthroat battle. Fairness is very important to me, so it wouldn't make a difference if I told you.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' Maybe we'll see each other again in the arena.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #2===
''Available after defeating [[Souka]] in [[Dual Missions: Progress and Probe!]]''
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Baron Bigfoot near the [[Fabulous_Fungus_Frenzy/Special_Training|Special Training]] Domain)
:'''Baron Bigfoot:''' Not bad, it's a good place to toughen up.
:{{DIcon}} Toughen up?
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' Experiencing hardships together is the way to become stronger with your Fungi.
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' I joined the parties of many adventurers when I was young. We traveled the world and completed a good number of commissions from the association.
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' Having experienced countless dangers and challenges, we became stronger at an unbelievable speed. The same philosophy applies to Fungi as well.
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' The organizers picked a perfect place to train and toughen up the Fungi.
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' We don't know where the enemies here are from... but that's not something we competitors need to know.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm, this guy really has it all figured out. Not only is he thorough, he's really passionate as well!
:{{DIcon}} Sorry to bother you...
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' It's not a problem at all. We're all competitors here. It's nice to get to know one another.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #3===
''Available after defeating him in [[Dual Missions: Progress and Probe!]]''
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Baron Bigfoot near the stage)
:'''Baron Bigfoot:''' Hey, it's you guys. Thanks for what you did before.
:{{DIcon}} Why?
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' You showed me what I was lacking. I still have a lot of training ahead of me.
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' I seem to have been too focused on a single element when it comes to my Fungi. Although your Fungi are also centered around a particular one that's stronger than the rest, your composition is a lot more balanced than mine.
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' In other words, the talent that you guys possess is much more balanced and stable than mine. I still have a lot to learn.
::'''Paimon:''' You're being too modest! You and Gusto-Frosto are great too!
:{{DIcon}} You're welcome, see ya!
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' See you around. I hope to chat again soon!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #4===
''Available after defeating [[Layla]] in [[Unfathomable Defenses]]''
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Baron Bigfoot near the [[Fabulous_Fungus_Frenzy/Special_Training|Special Training]] Domain)
:'''Baron Bigfoot:''' Golden Comet, and Silver Companion, congratulations on making it to the finals.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks!
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' After watching your match against Layla, I feel that the two of you have a special bond with the Fungi.
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' You seem to... view the Fungi under the control of the orb... as friends. That's why you're able to understand them better and bring out their full potential.
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' In comparison, I still have the idea that I'm their "master." All I could think of was to train with them to better our techniques. I've failed at giving them the care that they needed.
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' The gap between me and my Fungi is probably the reason I lost to you. I lost, and for good reason.
::'''Paimon:''' Please, Brown... erm... Baron Bigfoot! It's not that you were being too hard on your Fungi, it's just that you were treating them in an ordinary way.
::'''Paimon:''' Besides, we might actually pick up a thing or two from you. Like going on adventures with the Fungi, or putting ourselves in a dire situation to make our bond a little more... resilient!
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' That's very nice of you to say, Silver Companion! There is no end to honing one's skills. I still have much to learn...
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' Hopefully, after you've claimed the championship, I'll have the honor of going up against you again in the future.
::{{DIcon}} Wait for our good news.
::'''Paimon:''' We'll be waiting on yours as well.
:{{DIcon}} We need to go and start preparing.
::'''Baron Bigfoot:''' Formidable opponents await! You have to keep your eyes peeled. You guys are the best candidates to be champions in my book!
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Baron Bigfoot
|zhs     = 雪怪伯
|zhs_rm  = Xuěguài-bó
|zht     = 雪怪伯
|zht_rm  = Xuěguài-bó
|zh_tl   = {{w|Count}}<!--Uncle?--> Yeti
|ja      = 雪爺
|ja_rm   = Yukijijii
|ja_tl   = {{W|ja:雪爺|Yukijijii}}
|ja_note = A youkai from the folklore of Gifu Prefecture with the appearance of an old man who appears in snowy mountains and disorients climbers
|ko      = 스노우스톰
|ko_rm   = Seunouseutom
|ko_tl   = Snowstorm
|es      = Barón Pie Grande
|es_tl   = Baron Big Foot
|fr      = Yéti
|fr_tl   = Yeti
|ru      = Дядюшка Йети
|ru_tl   = Uncle Yeti
|th      = บารอนบิ๊กฟุต
|th_rm   = Baron Bik-fut
|th_tl   = Baron Bigfoot
|vi      = Khổng Lồ Tuyết
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schneemensch
|de_tl   = Snowman
|id      = Baron Bigfoot
|pt      = Barão Pé Grande
|pt_tl   = Baron Big Foot
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Barão Pé Grande]]