{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Basima the Fifth.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Amurta
|title            = Finchball Expert
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = [[Basima]]
|relativeNote     = great-great grandmother
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Basima the Fifth''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in ''[[Bing-Bang Finchball/2024-08-06|Bing-Bang Finchball]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Basima the Fifth:''' A-hmm-hmm-hmm~ Now you've played Bing-Bang Finchball, have you not? Now do you agree with me when I say that finches are the cutest?
:{{DIcon|Bing-Bang Finchball}} Another round!
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' Hehe, looks like this cutesy finch game's found its place in your heart. Feel free to play to your heart's content!
:{{DIcon}} Finches have always been cute!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm. Y'know, Paimon's kinda sure she remembers playing this game somewhere before!
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon even paid attention to Finches out in the wild because she played... and she discovered some little quirks that most people miss!
::'''Paimon:''' Basima the... Fifth, right? Maybe if we keep playing the game, we'll be able to relive some of our previous adventurers!
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' Hmm? You've played before? Wow, that means you and my family are connected!
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' Bing-Bang Finchball is a traditional game passed down from my maternal great-great-grandmother. We've always used it as a way to welcome guests.
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' Other than that, Great-Great-Granny would only play the game with her academic rivals and best friends. She did give away a few copies, though...
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' She would say, "If only the sheer adorableness of finches could supercharge everyone's spirits with love! Then, people would become more patient, and the world would have fewer arguments..."
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' I'm going to keep improving and promoting this game &mdash; for the sake of her vision of peace, and to spread the cuteness of Finches!
::{{DIcon}} Great! But how do we do that?
:::'''Basima the Fifth:''' Well, I've thought of just the thing! As you can see, I'm currently promoting Bing-Bang Finchball here, at this most busy of Fontainian ports!
:::'''Basima the Fifth:''' Their lovely name shall spread by aquabus and cargo ship, and when the time is ripe, I will distribute many game boards for free, allowing everyone to play at any time!
::{{DIcon}} Hooray! Cuteness is peace!
:::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon doesn't think that's hyperbole at all! The people we've met who keep pets are all the patient kind, and they're always really easy to get along with!
:::'''Paimon:''' So you and your, err, maternal great-great-grandmother definitely have a point!
:::'''Basima the Fifth:''' Then looks like we really are on the same page... Might I interest you in joining the Ambassadors of Finchpeace?
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' If it's alright with you, just bring a few copies of the game or some flyers with you. That way, you can recommend Bing-Bang Finchball to people you meet during your travels...
::'''Paimon:''' And that way, we'll be able to yell that slogan in front of still more people&mdash;
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' "Finches are the cutest!"
:{{DIcon}} Why are you called "the Fifth," by the way?
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah! It kinda sounds like you're the descendant of a big-time aristocratic family or something... Wait, does Sumeru even have nobility?
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' Hahaha! It's nothing quite that amazing! The name's just a title.
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' It all started with that great-great-grandmother of mine. She wasn't the type to yield or bend, and many academic rivals did she offend... Hoping to get rid of her, they packed her off to the desert, tasking her with researching a life form that didn't even exist, and she went missing immediately...
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' But over a decade later, after everyone thought she was dead, she suddenly reappeared &mdash; with both the investigative report and Bing-Bang Finchball.
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' Not only did she complete her task, but her personality had also drastically changed, as if she had become enlightened.
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' Never again did she get angry with peers who debated her. Instead, she would invite them to play Finchball, and hold discussions with them while they played.
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' In such a harmonious atmosphere, most issues were resolved with ease &mdash; in fact, many of those she butted heads with in the past eventually became her good friends and fellow Finchball fans.
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa, is Finchball really that effective!?
::{{DIcon}} Things turned out far better than I expected...
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' Marvelous, isn't it? And that is why I firmly agree with my great-great-grandmother's belief that cute finches can bring about world peace!
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' It was out of respect for her that her friends bestowed her with a recognizable title. Since I'm the fifth head of the house, I'm the "Fifth."
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' I heard that some of my grandmother's friends are very long-lived, and that when they took copies of the game for research purposes, they even expressed hope that they'd be able to see what Basima the Tenth &mdash; and even the Twentieth &mdash; would accomplish...
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' And that perhaps we'll finally make "sitting down for a round of Finchball" a custom all across Teyvat, through which all disputes might be settled!
::'''Paimon:''' Looks like your ideals really are the real deal. We'll help you out!
::{{DIcon}} More Finchball, less arguing.
::{{DIcon}} More reason, less anger.
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' Most concise! Well put indeed!
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' Your cogent words crystallize wisdom most precious. I'll quote you on the back of the Finchball packaging, if you don't mind.
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' In any case, let's continue working together to make people happier. May we turn frustrating arguments into peaceable discussions!
:{{DIcon}} We'll talk more about cuteness next time!
::'''Basima the Fifth:''' Definitely! Also, considering we get along so well, do come back and enjoy the game often, would you?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Basima the Fifth
|zhs     = 拜希麦・五世
|zhs_rm  = Bàixīmài - Wǔshì
|zht     = 拜希麥・五世
|zht_rm  = Bàixīmài - Wǔshì
|ja      = バシマ五世
|ja_rm   = Bashima Go-sei
|ko      = 바히마 5세
|es      = Basima V
|fr      = Basima V
|ru      = Басима Пятая
|th      = Basima รุ่นที่ห้า
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Basima Đệ Ngũ
|de      = Basima die Fünfte
|id      = Basima the Fifth
|pt      = Basima, a Quinta
|tr      = Beşinci Basima
|it      = Basima la Quinta
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->