{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = NPC Basil Elton.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Died during the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = White Armada
|affiliationNote  = formerly
|affiliation2     = Narzissenkreuz Institute
|title            = Vice-Director of the Narzissenkreuz Institute
|title2           = Admiral of the Fontaine Navy

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Basil Elton''' was a historical figure from 500 years ago. She was the Admiral of the Fontaine Navy before her retirement, after which she became the last Vice Director of the [[Narzissenkreuz Institute]].<ref name="Ann">{{Ref/Quest|Ann's Story}}</ref> She was also a member of the Narzissenkreuz Institute in her childhood.<ref name="Forgotten">{{Ref/Arti|Forgotten Vessel}}</ref> She perished during the [[cataclysm]] after leading her crew into their last battle against the great beast [[Elynas (NPC)|Elynas]].

==Profile==
Basil Elton was the Admiral of the Fontaine Armada before it was disbanded following a certain incident and her ship, the [[Sponsian]], was wrecked. Afterwards, she chose to retire and was selected to become the Narzissenkreuz Institute's Vice Director, a position granted only to those with "exceptional moral quality and ability."<ref name="Ann" /> Despite her military background, Basil was a rather easygoing person who was beloved by the children at the Institute. She had a particular knack for making delicious drinks,<ref name="HTP">{{Ref/Arti|Heroes' Tea Party}}</ref> and picked up baking during her few years there.<ref name="Veteran">{{Ref/Arti|Veteran's Visage}}</ref>

Basil was a kind and caring person. According to [[Mary-Ann]], Basil once said that caring for children is like "caring for a flower." [[Paimon]] herself adds on thinking that Basil was a "smart" yet "dangerous" person.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Mary-Ann's Story}}</ref>

===Appearance===
In a photo found during the {{Quest|Search in the Algae Sea (Quest)}}, she has dull violet hair and light purple eyes. On her head is a black tricorn lined with gold with the [[Green Feather Accessory]] pinned on it.

==Story==
Basil grew up with [[Emanuel Guillotin]], [[Karl Ingold]], and [[Dwight Lasker]] in the [[Narzissenkreuz Institute]],<ref name="Forgotten" /> and remained friends with them for the rest of her life, even after the [[Siege of Poisson]].<ref name="Forgotten"/><ref name="Veteran" /> She was a rather poor cook in her youth, as Guillotin silently eyed her with suspicion when she suggested cooking for the group many years later.<ref name="Veteran" />

Long before Basil became the admiral, she once conquered the [[Emperor of Fire and Iron]] that was attacking a ship and Basil sent it back to the depths.<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Emperor of Fire and Iron}}</ref>

When Basil was Admiral of the navy, Basil's flagship, the Sponsian, was said to be the pride of the Fontaine's Navy. Basil's First Mate, Nathaniel Pickman, was the one who suggested the name of the ship after the name of a historical usurper. Despite initially criticizing the choice as "awful," Basil recanted her position and named the ship after his suggestion, citing that she did not hate the sense of "unreal reality" that it gave.<ref name="TS">{{Ref/Weapon|Tidal Shadow}}</ref>

After Basil retired from the Navy, the Armada was disbanded and Basil was selected to become Vice Director of the Narzissenkreuz Institute on account of her perceived high moral character, a decision which an unidentified person jokingly criticized.<ref name="Ann" /> She often baked for the children there &mdash; albeit initially not very well &mdash; but grew more proficient at it over the years<ref>Interactable: [[Ancient Log#Ancient Log #2|Ancient Log #2]]</ref> and was known for making particularly good refreshments.<ref name="HTP" />

===Cataclysm and Death===
When the cataclysm struck, Director and Basil were each called away from the Narzissenkreuz Institute to help handle the calamity. With predictions that the Institute would flood over for good, and that there was a high chance that neither would return from their duties, Basil sent the children at the Institute to trusted individuals. [[Mary-Ann]] and [[Alain Guillotin]] were sent to Emanuel Guillotin, while [[Rene de Petrichor]] and [[Jakob]] went to [[Karl Ingold]].<ref name="Veteran" />

To fight Elynas, the Sponsian was repaired and the Fontaine Armada departed for what would be their last battle.<ref name="TS" /> They followed Elynas for approximately 35 days, while also attracting monsters from the [[Abyss]]. While the ship suffered wreckage again, Basil and her crew pushed on.<ref name="Sail">{{Ref/Quest|The Lone Phantom Sail}}</ref>

Seeing that their hunt would only become more dangerous, Basil had her Second Mate and most of the crew return to safety, leaving only Basil, Pickman, the Chief Engineer, and those who were willing to stay behind. They fought off the monsters that were on the deck, but a machine operated on the Sponsian showed that there were no chances of survival &mdash; a premonition which came true, leading to Basil's death.<ref name="Sail" />

The Sponsian was broken in half, with one half on the shore and the other inside Elynas' body.

===Present===
Years after her death, people pay respects to Basil's grave, including Dwight, her childhood friend who later became the director of the [[Institute of Natural Philosophy]].<ref>Interactable: [[Court of Fontaine Region#Ancient Notes|Ancient Notes]]</ref>

When the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] encounter the [[Melusine]] [[Ahes]], they research about the wreckage of the Sponsian. At some point, the Traveler manages to recount the memories of the ship's final moments before it sank and heard Basil's voice. It turns out that Ahes has earned Basil's trust in taking care of the shipwreck, despite being sorrowful about what happened in the past.<ref name="Sail" />

==Trivia==
* Basil Elton is the name of the narrator and protagonist of {{w|H.P. Lovecraft}}'s short story ''{{w|The White Ship (story)|The White Ship}}''.
** The white appearance of her ship, the ''Sponsian'', is likely also in reference to the titular ship in the story.
** The name of her First Mate, Nathaniel Pickman, may be a reference to another Lovecraft work, ''{{W|At the Mountains of Madness}}'', in which the expedition recounted in the story was sponsored by the Nathaniel Derby Pickman Foundation. "Pickman" was also a recurring family name in Lovecraft's works, although no character by the name Nathaniel Pickman ever appeared.
* The [[Elton Trench]] is likely named after her, as this is where the majority of the remains of her flagship, the [[Sponsian]], had sunk.
* Basil was the wielder of [[Tidal Shadow]].<ref name="TS"/>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Basil Elton
|zhs     = 贝瑟・埃尔顿
|zhs_rm  = Bèisè Āi'ěrdùn
|zht     = 貝瑟・埃爾頓
|zht_rm  = Bèisè Āi'ěrdùn
|ja      = バザル・エルトン
|ko      = 바질<・: >엘튼
|es      = Basil Elton
|fr      = Basil Elton
|ru      = Бэзил Элтон
|th      = Basil Elton
|vi      = Basil Elton
|de      = Basil Elton
|id      = Basil Elton
|pt      = Basil Elton
|tr      = Basil Elton
|it      = Basil Elton
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Basil Elton]]
[[ru:Бэзил Элтон]]