{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Enemy Bathysmal Vishap.png
|type         = Enemy Groups
|type2        = Vishaps
}}
{{Description|A mighty race of vishaps that dwell within the deep seas.<br />That they hate light is not due to an overly fragile sense of sight. Instead, it is because they have had the selfless sunlight and the surface world taken from them that they refuse to countenance man-made light.}}
'''Bathysmal Vishaps''', also known as the [[Dragonheir of the Depths|Dragonheirs of the Depths]], are a race of [[Vishaps]] found in [[Enkanomiya]]. Due to their impure evolution, the Dragon of Water will no longer be reborn among their ranks and will instead be reborn as a human.<ref name="Bolteater">{{Ref/Enemy|Bolteater Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling}}</ref>

Pure, primordial elemental creatures, wild spirits who never bent the knee to any god or worldly power.<ref name="Enjou Dialogue: Bathysmal Vishaps">{{Ref/Quest|The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent}}</ref>

When a Bathysmal Vishap faces strong foes, it will use its powerful Cleansing Shower. Characters hit by this attack will lose a certain amount of [[Energy]]. If they do not have sufficient energy, they will lose [[Health|HP]].<ref>YouTube:: [https://youtu.be/9LR1HGtpWz4&t=1817s Version 2.4 Special Program]</ref><ref>HoYoLAB: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/1806516/ The Inazuma Diaries: Enkanomiya Vol. 2 — New Living Beings]</ref> This HP loss ignores [[shields]], but can be negated using [[Elemental Burst]] [[Invincibility Frames|i-frames]]. A purple HP bar indicates HP loss by a Bathysmal Vishap.

==Description==
The Bathysmal Vishaps are an intelligent and extremely adaptable race, capable of constant evolution to further suit the roles they desire much like ants. If a predecessor didn't have the ability to survive their new environment, their descendants would instead evolve the ability to survive the environment themselves, even possibly become attuned to certain elements. Vishap mothers can also create new seeds or traits to pass on to their descendants should they encounter unforeseen and challenging environments. Before encountering the people of Byakuyakoku, they had already stored a veritable armory within their bodies.<ref name="Experimental Records of Vishaps">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection}}</ref> They had even devolved their visual abilities due to their great hatred of humans.<ref name="Dragonheir's False Fin">{{Ref/Item|Dragonheir's False Fin}}</ref>

Normally, Bathysmal Vishaps are naturally medium-sized quadrupedal reptilians, with dark blue skin, a white underside, and a long tail resembling that of sharks, and are attuned with the [[Hydro]] element. Their eyes are pink and their bodies are covered with numerous large fins, implying their level of ability in swimming. However, constant evolution and external divine intervention had led them to develop into different stronger and larger forms.

[[Rimebiter Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling|Rimebiter Bathysmal Vishaps]] is a group that evolved and become more attuned with the [[Cryo]] element. They are much paler in texture and their bodies are now mostly covered in numerous giant ice crystals from head to tail, and their eyes yellow.

[[Bolteater Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling|Bolteater Bathysmal Vishaps]] is a group that has evolved and become more attuned with the [[Electro]] element. They have a violet complexion and possess a double-edged tail. Their bodies are now mostly covered in crystals and spikes. These two groups of Bathysmal Vishaps are a result of combat adaptations and as a result, are stronger versions of their kind.

They are astonishingly intelligent species that have their own methods of communication amongst each other and have the ability to learn more and improve linguistic capacities. However, they are very aggressive towards humans. Not much of their social structure or religion is known but they, or all Vishaps, obey and follow their Dragon Lords, seeing them as the peak of their kind.<ref name="Experimental Records of Vishaps" />

One such lord for the Bathysmal Vishaps, is the Dragon of Water who would've been born from their kind had it not been for their impure evolutions. Now, the Dragon of Water will now be reborn as a human.

Bathysmal Vishaps, or Vishaps in general, are beings of the Vishap or Light Realm and are elemental creatures, and are at odds with the Human Realm which Gods and Mortals inhabit, and the Void Realm.<ref name="Enjou Dialogue: Bathysmal Vishaps" />

==Types==
===Elite Enemies===
{{Enemies by Category List|Bathysmal Vishaps&Elite Enemies}}
===Normal Bosses===
{{Enemies by Category List|Bathysmal Vishaps&Normal Bosses}}

==Drops==
===Elite Enemies===
{{Drops|Vishaps}}

===Coral Defenders===
{{Card|Dragonheir's False Fin|WL 0+|stars=1}}{{Card|Shivada Jade Sliver|WL 0+|stars=1}}{{Card|Shivada Jade Fragment|WL 2+|stars=1}}{{Card|Shivada Jade Chunk|WL 4+|stars=1}}{{Card|Shivada Jade Gemstone|WL 6+|stars=1}}{{Card|Vajrada Amethyst Sliver|WL 0+|stars=1}}{{Card|Vajrada Amethyst Fragment|WL 2+|stars=1}}{{Card|Vajrada Amethyst Chunk|WL 4+|stars=1}}{{Card|Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone|WL 6+|stars=1}}{{Artifact Set|Lucky Dog|2-3}}{{Artifact Set|The Exile|3-4}}{{Artifact Set|Berserker|3-4}}{{Artifact Set|Prayers to Springtime|3-4}}{{Artifact Set|Gladiator's Finale|4-5}}{{Artifact Set|Wanderer's Troupe|4-5}}

<!--
==Trivia==
 not enough substance to support this
*It is theorized that [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]] is the new Dragon of Water due to her ties with Enkanomiya and her constellation, Dracaena Somnolenta ("Sleeping Dragon").
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Bathysmal Vishap
|zhs     = 深海龙蜥
|zhs_rm  = Shēnhǎi Lóngxī
|zht     = 深海龍蜥
|zht_rm  = Shēnhǎi Lóngxī
|zh_tl   = Deep Sea Dragon-Lizard
|ja      = アビサルヴィシャップ
|ja_rm   = Abisaru Vishappu
|ja_tl   = Abyssal Vishap
|ja_note = They are called {{lang|深海ヴィシャップ|ja=Shinkai Vishappu|ja_lit=Deep Sea Vishap}} in the event [[Three Realms Gateway Offering]].
|ko      = {{tt|심해|深海}} {{tt|용|龍}} 도마뱀
|ko_rm   = Simhae Yong Domabaem
|ko_tl   = Deep Sea Dragon Lizard
|es      = Dragarto de las Profundidades
|es_tl   = Dragard of the Depths
|es_note = ''Dragarto'' is a portmanteau of {{Lang|mini=1|es=''dragón''|es_tl=dragon}} and {{Lang|mini=1|es=''lagarto''|es_tl=lizard.}}
|fr      = Élémentosaure abyssal
|fr_tl   = Abyssal Elementosaurus
|ru      = Вишап глубин
|ru_tl   = Vishap of the Depths
|th      = Bathysmal Vishap
|vi      = Rồng Biển Sâu
|vi_tl   = Deep Sea Dragon
|de      = Tiefsee-Drachenechse
|de_tl   = Deep Sea Dragon-Lizard
|id      = Bathysmal Vishap
|pt      = Dragarto das Profundezas
|pt_tl   = Dragarto of the Depths
|pt_note = ''Dragarto'' is a portmanteau of {{Lang|mini=1|pt=''dragão''|pt_tl=dragon}} and {{Lang|mini=1|pt=''lagarto''|pt_tl=lizard.}}
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Enemy Navbox|elite}}

[[pt-br:Dragartos das Profundezas]]