{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Baulard.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Snezhnaya<!-- Character's home/main nation -->
|location         = Fontaine<!-- Nation where you can find the character in the game -->
|affiliation      = Fatui
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = Madeleine (Questioning Melusine and Answering Machine)
|sibling          = 
|child            = Kevin
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Baulande''', also known under his Fatuus codename '''Baulard''', is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Questioning Melusine and Answering Machine}}.

==Profile==
Baulande is a Fatuus stationed in [[Fontaine]] as a peripheral intelligence officer. He and his wife [[Madeleine (Questioning Melusine and Answering Machine)|Madeleine]] have a son named [[Kevin]].

===Appearance===
Baulande has short blond hair and blue eyes. He wears the typical male Fatui uniform.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
Baulande was assigned a mission by a certain [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers|Lord Harbinger]] (implied to be [[Sandrone]])<ref group="Note">Of the two Harbingers known for their interest in machines, the one behind Jenck severely punishes him for causing Curve's destruction and leaves an apology for Talochard, Paimon, and Traveler. This response does not align with [[The Doctor]]'s characterization, which leaves Sandrone as the likely identity of the mystery Harbinger.</ref> to assist [[Jenck]], a low-level editor from [[The Steambird]] who had dug up information about [[Mosso Lombroso]]'s legacy. Baulande assists Jenck by giving him information on the Elegant Tableware Confrerie's activities, increasing the editor's reputation at the paper. However, Jenck refuses to compensate Baulande for his efforts, so Baulande attempts to break in, but on the night he did so, he notices [[Sir Arthur]] missing and a letter on his perch.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Red and the Black}}</ref>

Baulande took the mission as if he was successful, he would enjoy an early retirement with his family, who lived on the outskirts of the [[Court of Fontaine]]. However, he was discovered by the [[Traveler]], [[Paimon]], [[Talochard]], and [["Curve"]], though Talochard initially let him go. He was eventually caught by the group again and was convinced to hand over [[Sir Arthur's Head]]. To avoid punishment from directly disobeying a Harbinger's orders and not completing his mission, he and his family went into hiding.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Questions and Answers}}</ref>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|1_en      = Baulande
|1_zhs     = 博兰德
|1_zhs_rm  = Bólándé
|1_zht     = 博蘭德
|1_zht_rm  = Bólándé
|1_ja      = ボランド
|1_ja_rm   = Borando
|1_ko      = 볼란드
|1_es      = Baulande
|1_fr      = Baulande
|1_ru      = Боланд
|1_th      = Baulande
|1_vi      = Baulande
|1_de      = Baulande
|1_id      = Baulande
|1_pt      = Blandre
|1_tr      = Baulande
|1_it      = Baulande

|2_en      = Baulard
|2_zhs     = 伯拉尔
|2_zhs_rm  = Bólā'ěr
|2_zht     = 伯拉爾
|2_zht_rm  = Bólā'ěr
|2_ja      = ボラール
|2_ja_rm   = Boraaru
|2_ko      = 불라르
|2_es      = Baulard
|2_fr      = Baulard
|2_ru      = Болард
|2_th      = Baulard
|2_vi      = Baulard
|2_de      = Baulard
|2_id      = Baulard
|2_pt      = Baulard
|2_tr      = Baulard
|2_it      = Baulard
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}