{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Beast Tamer's Talisman.png
|set   = Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
|piece =  Flower of Life
}}
{{Description|A flower carved from flint and [[Dracolite|Drakite]], signifying that its bearer is qualified to become a beast tamer.}}
'''Beast Tamer's Talisman''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City]].

==Description==
This flower, carved from flint and Drakite, was left in [[Cinder City]]. It is a talisman passed down through generations by beast tamers from the [[Scions of the Canopy]].<br><!--
-->A flint paw print adorns the item, said to have been made by the first [[Yumkasaurus]] to bond with a human.<br><br><!--
-->The beast tamers are those who focus on building friendships with [[Saurian|Saurians]]. Their ideals are sometimes incomprehensible even to their fellow tribespeople,<br><!--
-->For they seek to settle matters peacefully even with violent Saurians who have hurt a human, even attempting to beat the Saurian Hunters to the punch.<br><!--
-->"There is a way to gain the trust of even the most vicious Saurian &mdash; all that is needed is enough patience."<br><!--
-->This was the wisdom the [[Legba|young beast tamer]] received from his master alongside this weighty talisman, and he kept it in his heart.<br><!--
-->"Beasts, too, have the same hearts as we do." So he believed, and so kept faith, until the world-engulfing [[Cataclysm|black tide]] came.<br><br><!--
-->Those were monsters who could never be understood, beasts with whom peace could never be made.<br><!--
-->When he finally returned to his hometown, all he saw were dreams ripped to shreds by monstrous claws running amok.<br><!--
-->Settling the tribespeople fortunate enough to survive, the beast tamer, no longer young, embarked on a journey from which there could be no return.<br><!--
-->This time, his foes were the heartless demons that came in with that dark tide, and dealing with them, too, required patience.<br><!--
-->For only patience could ensure that not one of them was left to plague the land he held dear.<br><br><!--
-->Legends hold that the ancient [[Python King]] once forged a secret, [[Abyss]]-repelling [[Jade of Return|treasure]] that could only be retrieved from the filth-ridden ancient city.<br><!--
-->Perhaps such was simply the wishful thinking of those who dwelled deep in despair, but for the brave, this hope was yet worth a try.<br><!--
-->At the end of his journey, the warrior bereft of his home would reach the burned-out city, and there come face to face with a [[Kukulkan|secret long buried]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Beast Tamer's Talisman
|zhs      = 驯兽师的护符
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 馴獸師的護符
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 獣使いの護符
|ja_rm    = Kemonotsukai no Gofu
|ja_tl    = Beast Tamer's Talisman
|ko       = 훈련사의 부적
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Talismán del Domador de Bestias
|es_tl    = Beast Tamer's Talisman
|fr       = Talisman du dompteur
|fr_tl    = Tamer's Talisman
|ru       = Талисман укротителя зверей
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = Beast Tamer's Talisman
|vi       = Bùa Hộ Mệnh Của Nhà Luyện Thú
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Talisman des Zähmers
|de_tl    = Tamer's Talisman
|id       = Beast Tamer's Talisman
|pt       = Talismã do Domador de Feras
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Canavar Terbiyecisinin Tılsımı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Talismano del Domatore di bestie
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City}}

[[fr:Talisman du dompteur]]
[[ja:獣使いの護符]]
[[th:Beast Tamer's Talisman]]
[[uk:Талісман приборкувача звірів]]
[[vi:Bùa Hộ Mệnh Của Nhà Luyện Thú]]
[[zh:馴獸師的護符]]