{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Hangout Event Behind His Back.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Thoma
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Housekeeper's Daily Chores
|startLocation = [[Kamisato Estate]], [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Kamisato Estate
|requirement   = 
|next          = Host's Invitation
|next2         = Unforeseen Circumstances
|characters    = Furusawa; Kazumasa; Thoma; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Behind His Back''' is a quest in [[Thoma]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[A Housekeeper's Daily Chores]].

==Steps==
# Go to the place you and Thoma agreed on
#*Agree with Thoma. Go to [[Host's Invitation]]
#*Disagree with Thoma. Go to [[Unforeseen Circumstances]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|At [[Thoma]]'s invitation, you come to the [[Yashiro Commission]], only to hear two samurai talking about him behind his back...}}
===Behind His Back===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 kazumasa 01.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' Haven't seen Thoma in a while... Who knows what that guy's working on these days?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 furusawa 01.ogg}} '''Furusawa:''' Probably something of the utmost importance, as ever... taking guests out for lavish meals, cleaning up around the house, the usual...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 kazumasa 02.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' We have people like that to thank for the decline of the samurai spirit in this day and age. If you're just gonna schmooze your way through every problem in life, you might as well put your blade on the scrap heap. It's like everything &mdash; use it or lose it!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 kazumasa 03.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' Also, I heard he's [[Mondstadt]] born and bred... just saying.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 furusawa 02.ogg}} '''Furusawa:''' Oh, well, no wonder. What do you think Miss [[Kamisato Ayaka|Kamisato]] even sees in that guy?
:{{DIcon}} Time to put a stop to this...
:{{DIcon}} Let's leave them be...

:'''''Before you can respond, you hear footsteps coming up behind you...'''''

:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' *yawn*... Sorry, haven't slept too well the last couple of days on account of all this rain we've been having.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Wait, what're you all doing here? Has something happened?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 kazumasa 04.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' Hmph... we were just having a little chat on our break. It's time we were going &mdash; there's still lots to do.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 kazumasa 05.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' We're busy people, Thoma. You'd do well to grow a sense of urgency, too.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Thank you gentlemen. I'll think about that when my vacation's over.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Sorry I'm a little late, (Traveler), something came up.
:{{DIcon}} You heard everything... didn't you?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Yep... I sure did.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' No big deal, though. People like to criticize those who don't fit in. It's the same everywhere.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' If a little private gossiping helps them let off some steam, well, good for them. It does no harm to the Kamisato Clan.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Wouldn't you agree?
:{{DIcon}} I agree. Let them do them, and you do you.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, I can't say I agree.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} I agree. Let them do them, and you do you.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Exactly. Or live and let live, as they say.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Today it's time for a hard-earned rest. There's been so much to deal with since I got out of Komore Teahouse &mdash; this vacation's been a long time coming.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' There's too much going on here. Let's find somewhere more peaceful to discuss the plan for the day.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You're still my guest, after all, and I'd like to hear your ideas.
:;(Proceed to [[Host's Invitation]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, I can't say I agree.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Oh?
:{{DIcon}} It makes me uncomfortable.
:{{DIcon}} We should tell them how much you do for the Commission.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 14.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'm touched that that's how you see the situation.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 15.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I don't think we need to go down that route, though... in any case, as a housekeeper, it's hardly my place to get all high and mighty with other staff in the [[Yashiro Commission]].
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 16.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But you're my guest and I live to serve, so if you have any other thoughts on the matter, please do share them with me.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 17.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'm willing to give anything you suggest a shot &mdash; as long as it's a serious suggestion, of course.
:{{DIcon}} (I'll ask around at the Yashiro Commission...)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 18.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'll be waiting for you right here. Just come and find me if you need anything.
:;(Proceed to [[Unforeseen Circumstances]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Behind His Back
|zhs     = 背后的非议
|zhs_rm  = Bèihòu de Fēiyì
|zht     = 背後的非議
|zht_rm  = Bèihòu de Fēiyì
|zh_tl   = To Critize Behind His Back
|ja      = 隠された疑惑
|ja_rm   = Kakusareta Giwaku
|ja_tl   = Hidden Doubt
|ko      = 들려오는 험담
|ko_rm   = Deullyeo'oneun Heomdam
|ko_tl   = Rumors That Are Heard
|es      = Criticando a sus espaldas
|es_tl   = Criticizing Behind His Back
|fr      = Derrière son dos
|fr_tl   = Behind His Back
|ru      = Разговоры за спиной
|ru_tl   = Talks Behind Back
|th      = เสียงวิจารณ์ลับหลัง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Những Lời Bàn Tán
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Hinter seinem Rücken
|de_tl   = Behind His Back
|id      = Membicarakan Orang di Belakang
|id_tl   = Gossiping the People at Behind
|pt      = Pelas Costas Dele
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Dedikoducular
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Alle sue spalle
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}