{{About|the quest|the event quest|Behind the Scenes (Event Quest)|the Behind the Scenes Series about the development of Genshin Impact|Developer Insight}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00377
|image         = Archon Quest C0A2 Behind the Scenes.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = II
|act           = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|part          = 8
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|prev          = Wild Escape
|next          = Chasing Shadows
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*175;Mora*4,225;Character EXP*2,200;Fine Enhancement Ore*4
|characters    = Diluc;Jean;Paimon;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|2|part=8}}
==Steps==
# Leave [[Angel's Share|Tavern]]
# Wait till the tavern is closed (00:00 – 06:00)
# Go back to the tavern
# Talk to [[Diluc]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In your haste fleeing the confusion you found yourself in Diluc's tavern, where &mdash; to your surprise &mdash; he decided to help hide you. Diluc agrees to meet back at the tavern after nightfall with his "contacts" &mdash; who could they be?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter Angel's Share)
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You're here.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Wait, you're... {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} ...Jean?
:{{DIcon}} Why is the Acting Grand Master here?
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Well, first of all, I contacted more than one person.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Secondly, she came here as "Jean" herself, not as the Acting Grand Master.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' A Jean you would never see, even as an Honorary Knight.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' What a surprise.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I heard about the Holy Lyre, but I never suspected it was you.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' So, the sound of the Holy Lyre can purify Stormterror and return it to normal... Is that true?
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That's right! {{Traveler}} is putting themselves on the front line to try and resolve this Stormterror issue.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 venti 03a.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Now that's the hotshot of the [[Knights of Favonius]] I'm talking about.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Feels like we're breaking the law though...
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I understand this kind of absurd explanation is hard to believe.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' But, we can ask the bard to play the song again to try and persuade&mdash;
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I believe you.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' To persuade our stubborn comman&mdash; Wait, what?
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 06.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I can't think of any reason for Dvalin's betrayal, given it was once one of The Four Winds.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 07.ogg}} '''Jean:''' However, if it was poisoned in the battle over Mondstadt all those years ago...
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 08.ogg}} '''Jean:''' And then corrupted by the Abyss Mage after it woke up &mdash; we can't really blame it.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 09.ogg}} '''Jean:''' But as Acting Grand Master I obviously cannot make such a statement publicly.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 10.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Diplomatic pressure from the [[Fatui]] makes it hard for us to seek a peaceful resolution to the Stormterror issue.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 11.ogg}} '''Jean:''' People would think I've lost grip on the gravity of the situation. That's why I can only do this in private.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmph.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' That's one of the reasons I don't like the Knights of Favonius.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' What surprises me is that you would believe an outlander so easily...
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 12.ogg}} '''Jean:''' My cautious and meticulous {{Color|buzzword|superior}}, even you trust {{MC|him|her|mc=1}}. Don't you, sir?
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 10.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I already told you not to call me sir... Never mind. We don't often get to work together after all.
:{{DIcon}} Sir?
:{{DIcon}} (Pretend to not have heard anything)
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 13.ogg}} '''Jean:''' ...
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 11.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! Um... This is really awkward...
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 14.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I have a rough idea of where the Holy Lyre der Himmel is.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' (Nice recovery! She's really talented at changing the subject...)
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 15.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The conflict between Mondstadt and [[Snezhnaya]] stems from the conflict between the seven nations and their respective gods.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 16.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The [[Tsaritsa|Cryo God]]'s Fatui seem to be after the [[Barbatos|Anemo God]]'s power.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} So are they going to take over the defense of Mondstadt?
:{{DIcon}} So they want to kill Dvalin?
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 17.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Right.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 18.ogg}} '''Jean:''' If the Knights of Favonius publicly prevented an attempt on Dvalin's head, then...
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 19.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The only other way to affect the Anemo God's power is to take the Holy Lyre.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 12.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The number of Fatui that have come to Mondstadt is far from limited.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 13.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I've already managed to... coerce a few reports out of them.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 20.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Diluc has determined that the Holy Lyre is not being held in the [[Goth Grand Hotel]].
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 qin 21.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I imagine they don't want to leave something stolen in a place where it could be so easily found.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it. If too much of a scene gets made then it becomes a big diplomatic issue.
:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 14.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmph, such is the diplomacy between the seven nations.
:;(Cutscene ends)

:{{A|vo mdaq051 2 diluc 15.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Outlander, ready to go?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go!
:;(Proceeds to the next quest)
:{{DIcon}} Wait a second.
:;(Dialogue ends, talk to Diluc again and choose "Let's go!" to proceed to the next quest)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Behind the Scenes
|zhs     = 幕后谈话
|zhs_rm  = Mùhòu Tánhuà
|zht     = 幕後談話
|zht_rm  = Mùhòu Tánhuà
|zh_tl   = Backstage Chat
|ja      = 舞台裏の話
|ja_rm   = Butai-ura no Hanashi
|ja_tl   = Offstage Talk
|ko      = 막후 담화
|ko_tl   = Backstage Talk
|es      = Detrás de escena
|es_tl   = Behind the Scenes
|fr      = Les coulisses
|fr_tl   = The Backstage
|ru      = За кулисами
|ru_tl   = Behind the Scenes
|th      = บทสนทนาที่อยู่เบื้องหลัง
|th_rm   = Botsonthana thia-yu bueanglang
|th_tl   = Background Conversation
|vi      = Cuộc Nói Chuyện Sau Hậu Trường
|vi_tl   = Backstage Chat
|de      = Hinter dem Vorhang
|de_tl   = Behind the Curtain
|id      = Di Belakang Layar
|id_tl   = Behind the Scenes
|pt      = Atrás das Cenas
|pt_tl   = Behind the Scenes
|tr      = Gözlerden Uzakta
|tr_tl   = Out of Sight
|it      = Dietro le quinte
|it_tl   = Behind the Scenes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[es:Detrás de escena]]
[[fr:Les coulisses]]
[[ja:舞台裏の話]]
[[pt-br:Atrás das Cenas]]
[[vi:Cuộc Nói Chuyện Sau Hậu Trường]]