{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Behind the Scenes
|id            = 71512
|image         = Event Quest Behind the Scenes.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = The Exquisite Night Chimes
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Complete [[A Thousand Miles for an Enigmatic Tune]]
|characters    = Traveler; Zhaoqin
|startLocation = [[Mt. Tianheng]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Mt. Tianheng
|next          = 
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
* Unlocks the [[The Exquisite Night Chimes/Behind the Scenes|Behind the Scenes]] subevent.
}}
'''''Behind the Scenes''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[The Exquisite Night Chimes]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Zhaoqin]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In Liyue Harbor, an adventurer is busy with a certain task...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Zhaoqin)
:'''Zhaoqin:''' Did... this area get cleared? Huh... I think it should have been cleared already...
:'''Zhaoqin:''' Agh, what a headache.
:'''Zhaoqin:''' Hmph... You're... the Traveler! My apologies, I was too busy. I didn't even notice you.
:{{DIcon}} What are you so busy with?
:'''Zhaoqin:''' Ahem... So, it's like this. For this year's Lantern Rite festival, we of the Liyue Harbor Adventurers' Guild have been dispatched by the Ministry of Civil Affairs to help with some tertiary tasks.
:'''Zhaoqin:''' The Millelith are primarily responsible for patrolling the city and other key areas. We, on the other hand, get to go out and clear out some monsters... along with those good for nothing bandits too.
:'''Zhaoqin:''' Speaking of which, you're a registered adventurer as well, aren't you? I've heard plenty about your exploits.
:'''Zhaoqin:''' If you want, you can help us out too. What do you say?
:{{DIcon}} Isn't it supposed to be the holidays...
:{{DIcon}} What about the Lantern Rite...
:'''Zhaoqin:''' Well... Since we are helping the ministry during a holiday, they're providing additional compensation for our efforts.
:'''Zhaoqin:''' So, should any adventurers be willing to take on these commissions, they'll be able to collect more rewards upon completing their tasks...
:{{DIcon}} How much additional compensation are we talking about?
::'''Zhaoqin:''' Trust me, it's plenty!
::{{DIcon}} That depends on how much work I still have left.
:{{DIcon}} Then... show me what needs to be done...
:'''Zhaoqin:''' Haha! Alright! I knew you wouldn't just stay idle. I'll be sure to mark down all the locations already confirmed by the Guild. Also, please take this miniature Launch Tube.
:'''Zhaoqin:''' Should you accept one of the commissions... Remember to launch some fireworks after you clear out an area.
:'''Zhaoqin:''' After you launch the fireworks, we will send someone to designate the area as "cleared."
:'''Zhaoqin:''' And then, we will adjust the overall plan in accordance with the areas that have been cleared.
:{{DIcon}} That sounds pretty strategic...
:'''Zhaoqin:''' Yeah... This is the Lantern Rite festival after all. We can't let anything go wrong... People are more tense than a stretched cord right now.
:'''Zhaoqin:''' Never mind this for now. I'll go take a look at the situation. Need to make a report to Lan later...
:;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Zhaoqin, optional)
:'''Zhaoqin:''' People in our line of work get real busy during the holidays.
:'''Zhaoqin:''' My mom is going to nag my ear off when I get home.
:'''Zhaoqin:''' Maybe I should buy some gifts to bring back... Eh, no. It's not going to work. Dad's going to accuse me of being wasteful with Mora...
:'''Zhaoqin:''' Agh, what a headache.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Behind the Scenes
|zhs     = 灯后勤绩
|zhs_rm  = Dēnghòu Qínjì
|zht     = 燈後勤績
|zht_rm  = Dēnghòu Qínjì
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 灯後労績
|ja_rm   = Tougo Rouseki{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 화려한 등불의 뒷면
|ko_rm   = Hwaryeohan Deungbul-ui Dwinmyeon
|ko_tl   = Behind the Luxurious Lanterns
|es      = Héroes anónimos
|es_tl   = Anonymous Heroes
|fr      = En coulisses
|fr_tl   = Behind the Scenes
|ru      = Незримые подвиги
|ru_tl   = Invisible Feats
|th      = ความสำเร็จเบื้องหลังโคม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đằng Sau Hậu Trường
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Namenlose Helden
|de_tl   = Nameless Heroes
|id      = Di Belakang Layar
|id_tl   = Behind the Scenes
|pt      = Nos Bastidores
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sahne Arkası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Dietro le quinte
|it_tl   = Behind the Scenes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[ru:Незримые подвиги]]
[[pt-br:Nos Bastidores (Missão de Evento)]]