{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = World Quest Behold, the Sign Comes Like A Thief....png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...
|part          = 1
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Yuften;Babel;Paimon;Bouhanu
|startLocation = [[Tanit Camps]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|subregion     = Great Red Sand
|area          = Desert of Hadramaveth
|subarea       = Tanit Camps
|prev          = 
|next          = [[Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields...]]
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 25,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|rep           = 
|repAmt        = 
|repOrder      = 
}}
'''''Behold, the Sign Comes Like A Thief...''''' is the first part of the ''[[Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...]]'' [[World Quest]] series.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Yuften]]
# Head to the last known location of the merchant caravan
# Investigate the area
# Follow the trail of clues
# Follow the trail of clues
# Investigate the Hilichurl camp
# Look for clues in the area
# Defeat the Eremite assassins
#* Wave 1: [[Bouhanu]], Eremite Assassin {{Enemy List|Eremite Linebreaker*1;Eremite Crossbow*1}}
# Report your findings back to Yuften
# Report your findings to [[Babel]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* After completing Step 10, the Traveler will no longer be able to talk to Yuften.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Yuften's goods appear to have been stolen by some unknown party. They need to be recovered.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Yuften)
:'''Yuften:''' Ah, Master of the Jinni! Y&mdash;you're here.
:'''Yuften:''' I jus&mdash;just so happen to have a t&mdash;task for you... An urgent one!
:{{DIcon}} Slow down, I'm listening.
:{{DIcon}} What do you need my help with?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, slow down! We'll help once you tell us what's happening!
:'''Yuften:''' A shipment&mdash;a shipment&mdash;a&mdash;a shipment of goods has g&mdash;gone missing!
:'''Paimon:''' You lost three shipment of goods!?
:'''Yuften:''' N&mdash;no! Just on&mdash;one shipment.
:'''Yuften:''' I contracted an outside party to sh&mdash;ship us some [[Anahitian Blessing]], b&mdash;but a l&mdash;long time has p&mdash;passed and it's s&mdash;still not here...
:'''Yuften:''' It might be the d&mdash;doing of those nor&mdash;northeners... Might be retaliation because [[Babel]] is always s&mdash;searching them for t&mdash;traitors...
:'''Yuften:''' E&mdash;ever since Aderfi and Azariq left... The northeners h&mdash;have been much more a&mdash;active.
:'''Yuften:''' A&mdash;alright. I am d&mdash;done dallying. The caravan delivering the Anahitian Blessing's last known location i&mdash;is in this region, according to our scouts.
:'''Yuften:''' I hope you can help me f&mdash;find the goods. Or a&mdash;at&mdash;at least find any clues as to what happened to the caravan.
:{{DIcon}} Sure. I'll give you a hand.
:'''Paimon:''' A caravan can't just disappear on its own, right? Sounds like they got robbed by some bandits...
:'''Yuften:''' Th&mdash;thank you. A tho&mdash;thousand thanks! Please accept this meat as gra&mdash;gratitude for your service.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow!Thanks! You're too kind!

;(Talk to Yuften again, optional)
:'''Yuften:''' H&mdash;h&mdash;how's your search going?
:{{DIcon}} We're still looking for the caravan.
:'''Yuften:''' Pl&mdash;p&mdash;please find them. I beg you.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Yuften, optional)
:'''Yuften:''' (...If, if there's a traitor, maybe it'll help Matriarch Babel...)
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' According to the marks on the map from Yuften, this must be the right place!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's have a look around, maybe the caravan has left some clues! 

:'''Paimon:''' Is that... a jar? Let's go take a look!
;(Investigate jar)
:'''Damaged Jar:''' (A cracked, empty jar lay there, not yet swallowed by the sands. Looks like it was thrown aside not long ago.)
:'''Paimon:''' Look! That jar's still poking out from the sand! 
:{{DIcon}} The goods lay scattered along the trail...
:{{DIcon}} Let's see what we can find along this trail.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, this doesn't look good... Paimon thinks that they might have dropped some other goods along the way? Maybe we should keep searching ahead.

:'''Paimon:''' Look, what's over there?
;(Investigate box)
:'''Empty Broken Box:''' (An empty, broken box lay abandoned, toppled over by the roadside.)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. This box must be from the caravan. Look! It even has the tribe's symbol on it! 
:{{DIcon}} Won't be hard to ambush someone here.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah... This place looks dangerous!
:{{DIcon}} It looks like they stole even the largest of the goods...
:'''Paimon:''' They moved all the valuables, but left the containers. Huh. Paimon guesses they might have a lot of people, but don't seem to have the tools to move the crates.
:{{DIcon}} Or, perhaps, this is a trap...
:'''Paimon:''' A... trap?
:'''Paimon:''' Do you mean they left these empty boxes on purpose? To... lure people to them?
:{{DIcon}} To lure us.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! Paimon's getting goosebumps! Then... do we really need to keep going...
:{{DIcon}} If you're scared, you can always turn and head back
::'''Paimon:''' What? Pfft. Paimon's not scared. Hmph. Besides, you can't just leave Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} The bandits might still be nearby.
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, the way you say that isn't making Paimon feel good at all... But since you're not scared, maybe we should keep going...
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Look, it's the hilichurls! Oh! Paimon gets it. It must be those hilichurls!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's fend off the hilichurls, and see if there's anything left over.

;(After defeating nearby hilichurls)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! They got away! Let's see what they have left behind!

;(Interact with the first object)
:'''Paimon:''' There's nothing noteworthy over here...
;(Interact with the second object)
:'''Paimon:''' There are no supplies from the caravan!

;(After interacting with all investigation points)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph... They left absolutely nothing intact. Oh, Paimon's getting mad! These Hilichurls really know how to break stuff!
:{{DIcon}} Wait, it doesn't look like it was destroyed by Hilichurls...
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? But... the Hilichurls have their camp here, don't they?
:{{DIcon}} Wait, the raid might not have happened here... 
::'''Paimon:''' But the Hilichurls placed their camp right in the middle of the road... Look there. If they block that spot off, won't it be easy to rob someone?
:{{DIcon}} I don't see any carts around us...
:{{DIcon}} Look. No cart in the camp either.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! If the Hilichurls raided the caravan, they would've taken the carts apart on the spot. But we're not seeing any carts, or any parts... Paimon thinks that's kind of weird!
:{{DIcon}} Let's follow the road a while longer.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright. But if it wasn't the Hilichurls, then who?
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Look, over there! It's a rug... 
:'''Ruined Rug:''' (A rolled carpet that's still in good condition. The symbol of the Tanit tribe is stitched into it, while ominous blotches dot its surface...)
:{{DIcon}} The rug... how strange... 
:'''Paimon:''' Huh... Wow, that rug looks expensive. But why did it just get left here?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe there was a struggle or fight over it... 
:'''Paimon:''' Hm... Yeah... Paimon thinks she can see that happening.
:'''Paimon:''' The caravan and the robbers had a fight here. Some good got damaged during the battle, while other perfectly fine ones were left aside in the ensuing chaos...
:{{DIcon}} Very astute, Paimon. 
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe. Paimon's the best!
:'''Paimon:''' And then, the caravan and the robbers fought while running all along the way... fighting and running and fighting... That's why all these boxes and jars are scattered everywhere. 
:'''Paimon:''' Hm. Paimon thinks that's a good deduction!
:{{DIcon}} That doesn't even make any sense!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph!
:{{DIcon}} The trashed goods should have been discarded after the bandits got to them...
:{{DIcon}} The things they left behind were to ensure they moved fast and light.
:'''Paimon:''' Really...
:{{DIcon}} Because we didn't see any signs of a struggle along the way.
:'''Paimon:''' So, that's how it was... Still, Paimon's theory was close... Like ninety-percent accurate close!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh... Paimon can't help feeling something's wrong..
:{{DIcon}} About what?
:{{DIcon}} Time for Paimon to use her intuition!
:'''Paimon:''' Don't you... think these clues are too neatly laid out? It's like they were placed in a line to lead us over somewhere...
:{{DIcon}} You... might be a bit too suspicious.
:{{DIcon}} Possibly, but we don't have enough evidence for that.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Look, the cart's right there!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon can barely recognize it... Though the Tanit marking's there, it looks a bit... blurry...
:'''Paimon:''' Alright. We can close this case now!
:'''Paimon:''' It's elementary: What happened was that the caravan was ambushed and the goods were all stolen. Let's go back to Yuften and tell him what happened!
:{{DIcon}} Right, let's head back.
:'''???:''' Pardon me, but I beg you both to still your stride.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Who are you?
:'''???:''' We are friends. Of Jeht's. You have been working hard.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, well, Jeht's friends are our friends! We were just finishing up! Let's head back together!
:'''???:''' Haha, no need to be so hasty. And guests shouldn't be so harried to depart
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, wait... There's something not right with them.
:'''???:''' Jeht requested that you stay in the desert for a time... She commissioned us to come here and give you the "hospitality" you deserve.
:'''???:''' It would be cruel of you to disappoint her kindness...
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... (Traveler)...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon. Hide.
:'''Paimon:''' A&mdash;Alright!

;(While fighting [[Bouhanu]])
:'''Eremite Assassin:''' We've also been commissioned to complete a task. You should empathize. Why must you make thing so difficult?

:'''Paimon:''' Wow... that was close. Luckily, we're good at fighting. Took them down in no time flat!
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for your "hospitality."
:'''Paimon:''' Why is it that every bad guy wants to mess with us? Is it because we look soft?
:{{DIcon}} They claimed to be sent by Jeht...
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Do you believe them?
:{{DIcon}} I don't think Jeht has a reason to do this.
:{{DIcon}} But she might be wrapped up in something big...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah... Paimon doesn't think Jeht would do this either... But, what should we do now?
:'''Paimon:''' The people who just ambushed us knew Jeht, which means that they must know people amongst the Tanit as well...
:'''Paimon:''' You mean that if we return to the tribe, we'll catch their attention? Paimon doesn't think they'll just let this go.
:'''Paimon:''' And Jeht... Paimon's not suspecting her, but the people who tried to kill us might be hiding within the tribe. Maybe we should leave for a while...
:{{DIcon}} If we leave, Jeht might be in danger.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah... We can't just leave her.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go back first. But don't mention Jeht.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? But...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! Paimon's not scared! If you've decided, then that's how we'll do it!
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|You discovered that Yuften's goods have been completely cleaned out. Worse yet, a new threat has begun to unveil itself ever so slowly...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Yuften)
:'''Yuften:''' Y&mdash;y&mdash;you're back?
:'''Paimon:'''What? Something strange about us coming back?
:'''Yuften:''' N&mdash;n&mdash;no. I'm v&mdash;very pleased t&mdash;that you h&mdash;have returned, e&mdash;esteemed Master of the Jinni.
:'''Yuften:''' R&mdash;right. Ab&mdash;abo&mdash;about the c&mdash;caravan. How did y&mdash;your investigation... go?
:{{DIcon}} The caravan got ambushed. The goods have been taken.
:'''Yuften:''' Cu&mdash;curses! It's those traitors again! I&mdash;I&mdash;I just kn&mdash;know it!
:'''Paimon:''' Traitors...
:'''Yuften:''' T&mdash;th&mdash;those traitors! those northerner colluding dogs!
:'''Yuften:''' A&mdash;aside from this, wh&mdash;what else ha&mdash;have you uncovered?
:{{DIcon}} We were ambushed by the Eremites.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah. Just as we finished investigating what happened to the caravan, the Eremites showed up to ambush us! They also said... 
:{{DIcon}} They also said that they knew us.
:'''Paimon:''' Right... That too!
:'''Yuften:''' ...
:'''Yuften:''' I&mdash;if&mdash;if thta's the c&mdash;case... Th&mdash;then they might be onto you as well.
:'''Yuften:''' H&mdash;Here is your pa&mdash;payment. P&mdash;Please go see Matriarch B&mdash;Babel about th&mdash;this matter as s&mdash;soon as possible!
:{{DIcon}} Right.
:'''Yuften:''' Fa&mdash;farewell, esteemed Master of the Jinni.

;(Talk to Yuften again, optional)
:'''Yuften:''' This matter is e&mdash;extremely urgent! P&mdash;please go inform the Matriarch.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Yuften, optional)
:'''Yuften:''' (...The manure has b&mdash;become bitter. T&mdash;this isn't good...)

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Babel, optional)
:'''Babel:''' (...That Jinni has gone silent. Perhaps... No, no need to rush...)

;(Talk to Babel)
:'''Babel:''' Greetings, esteemed Master of the Jinni. Is there something you need?
:{{DIcon}} Yuften's caravan got raided by some of you traitors.
:'''Babel:''' Truly... Well, it's not unexpected. The northerners from the snowlands have long tried to push into our lands. The treacherous amongst our number fell prey to their words and turned against us.
:'''Babel:''' These traitors have been causing havoc for quite some time. Sporadic but persistent raids and robberies have been happening since a few months ago...
:'''Babel:''' Oh... Apologies, I didn't mean to interrupt. Please continue. 
:{{DIcon}} The traitors have also taken an interest in us.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah. Just as we finished investigating the caravan, thugs from The Eremites ambushed us.
:'''Babel:''' Is that the case... How vile.
:'''Babel:''' It appears that... with Aderfi and Azariq both gone, these wild dogs see this as high time to bare their teeth.
:'''Babel:''' How about this? Please wait here and rest. I will handle all matters regarding your safety.
:'''Babel:''' Jeht is still outside fulfilling her duties to the tribe. I will have her work alongside you to get to the bottom of this matter.
:'''Babel:''' And before that, I will do my utmost to find the assassins who sought you dead... I ask for only patience in return.
:'''Paimon:''' Uhh... Oh, one more thing! The bad guys that jumped us seemed to know us! They might be from the tribe!
:'''Babel:''' It's not impossible... But it matters little. With your privileges as esteemed guests, you will be protected... So long as you stay here, no one can hurt you.
:'''Babel:''' If anyone of the Tanit seeks to trouble you, whoever they are, they will face judgement at my hands, under my authority as matriarch.
:'''Babel:''' Please, rest. I will pursue the matter of the traitors to the fullest of my ability.
:'''Babel:''' Additionally, I will keep watch for Jeht on your behalf. I will notify you the moment she returns.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright! Thanks a lot, Matriarch Babel.
:'''Babel:'''The courtesy is unneeded.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Babel, optional)
:'''Babel:''' (... That child... Caring so much about the welfare of outsiders...)

;(Talk to Babel again, optional)
:'''Babel:''' Greetings, esteemed Master of the Jinni.
:'''Babel:''' Regarding the attempt on your life, rest assured, I am still investigating.
:'''Babel:''' I can promise your safety when you are amongst the Tanit, but should you walk the desert sands... Be very careful.
:{{DIcon}} About the Eternal Oasis...
::'''Babel:''' Allow me to offer my deepest thanks on behalf of the Tanit and Jeht herself for your deeds...
::'''Babel:''' The Eternal Oasis not only bears great importance to Jeht, but it also stands as a central pillar of our faith. 
::'''Babel:''' Claiming the Eternal Oasis means claiming the sovereignty that once belonged to the Queen of All Oases, Nabu Malikata... For her descendants, this inheritance means everything.
::{{DIcon}} I don't quite understand... Just what is it actually worth?
::'''Babel:''' Hahaha. Perhaps it can't even be traded for a single coin...
::'''Babel:''' But it is beyond value nonetheless.
:{{DIcon}} Has Jeht been busy?
::'''Babel:''' Yes. As we now hold the eternal Oasis, we must prevent all with dubious intent from ever breaching its thresholds. The Tanit stands now as defenders of the Eternal Oasis.
::'''Babel:''' And the most suited to complete this task is, to my mind, undoubtedly Jeht. She is guarding her parents, is she not?
:{{DIcon}} About the traitors...
::'''Babel:''' I suppose it is due to the fact that we have opened a path to the Eternal Oasis that has caused these traitors to grow restless.
::'''Babel:''' Our goddess, to them, is a symbol of status above all others, and might bring them unfathomable wealth... I cannot tolerate such blasphemy.
::{{DIcon}} You still believe she'll wake up.
:::'''Babel:''' Of course... Sooner or later, she will reclaim the mantle of her divinity and lead us to become a blooming nation. But before that happens, I... and the Tanit, will continue to serve her will.
::{{DIcon}} We went there. She wasn't there.
:::'''Babel:''' She "was" present. You just didn't "see" her. But she "was" and will always "be there."
:{{DIcon}} Bye.
::'''Babel:''' Farewell, esteemed Master of the Jinni.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*Like the other quests and Achievements in ''Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...'', the quest name has biblical origins. The quotes come from passages about the fall of {{w|Babylon}}, called ''Babel'' in the Hebrew Bible.
**The title comes from {{w|Revelation 16|Revelation 16:15}} (King James Version): ''Behold, I come as a thief. Blessed is he that watcheth, and keepeth his garments, lest he walk naked, and they see his shame.''
***This verse cross-references {{w|Matthew 24|Matthew 24:42-44}} (KJV), which is part of Jesus' response to his disciples' questions about the signs of his {{w|Second Coming}} and the {{w|Last Judgment}}: ''Watch therefore: for ye know not what hour your Lord doth come. But know this, that if the goodman of the house had known in what watch the thief would come, he would have watched, and would not have suffered his house to be broken up. Therefore be ye also ready: for in such an hour as ye think not the Son of man cometh.''

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Behold, the Sign Comes Like A Thief...
|zhs     = 预兆如窃贼到来…
|zhs_rm  = Yùzhào Rú Qièzéi Dàolái...
|zht     = 預兆如竊賊到來…
|zht_rm  = Yùzhào Rú Qièzéi Dàolái...
|zh_tl   = The Sign Comes Like A Thief...
|ja      = 兆しは盗賊の如く訪う…
|ja_rm   = Kiashi wa Touzoku no Gotoku Tou...
|ja_tl   = The Sign Comes Like A Thief...
|ko      = 도둑처럼 다가온 징조…
|ko_tl   = The Sign Coming Like a Thief...
|es      = Un presagio enmascarado como un bandido
|es_tl   = An Omen Masked as a Bandit
|fr      = Comme un voleur vint le signe
|fr_tl   = Like a Thief the Sign Came
|ru      = Знамение пришло в обличье вора...
|ru_tl   = The Sign Comes in the Form of a Thief...
|th      = ลางสังหรณ์ที่มาถึงราวกับหัวขโมย...
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Điềm Báo Đến Như Kẻ Trộm...
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Da kommt das Zeichen wie ein Dieb&nbsp;...
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Berjaga-Jagalah, Sebab Dia Datang Seperti Pencuri&nbsp;....
|id_tl   = Keep in Watch, As They Come Like A Thief...
|pt      = Presságios de um Ladrão
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Hırsız Gibi Gelen İşaretler...
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ecco, il segno viene come un ladro...
|it_tl   = Here It Is, the Sign Comes Like A Thief...
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}