{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Beidou
|id             = 368113
|image          = Character Beidou Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Beidou''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Let's get to work...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Sip of something stronger...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Out to sea...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} If we went adventuring...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Making new friends...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Look who it is!
: {{DIcon|Idle}} How are you doing?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo beidou mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hey, look who it is!
:{{A|vo beidou mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Your bones are still holding you up, then?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Yeah, pretty good! Feels nice to sit and relax in such a scenic place!
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But...
::{{DIcon}} But what?
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But you know that I'll be craving the billowing waves of the open ocean before too long! It's where I belong.
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The churning ocean waves are the best lullaby.
::{{DIcon}} But you miss the sea already?
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha! You get me!
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Days spent sailing through a storm, conquering the surging waters... yeah, those are happy days!
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Oh, don't get me wrong. I'm thrilled that you invited me here.
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I'll have to return the favor sometime by hosting you onboard [[Alcor|the ship]]!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Sure! I'm down to chat about anything!
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But, you must be a little weary of hearing about my sea travels from all the stories people tell?
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Let's change it up! Tell me about your adventures!
::{{DIcon}} Um... I fought a [[Dvalin|dragon]] once.
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship2 04a 1.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Whoa, nice! How big was it?
:::{{DIcon}} Probably bigger than your ship.
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship2 04a 2.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hahaha, incredible!
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship2 04a 3.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So I fought a sea dragon, and you fought a sky dragon.
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship2 04a 4.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' If we went adventuring together, we'd be invincible!
::{{DIcon}} Most of them involve fighting [[hilichurls]]...
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship2 04b 1.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' How's that? I certainly don't see many of those out at sea!
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship2 04b 2.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But adventure isn't just about how many storms you've survived in the past &mdash; it's about knowing that there are plenty more storms up ahead, and you don't know what they've got in store for ya!
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship2 04b 3.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hey, that sounded pretty profound now that I think about it...
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha, this was a great chat! And now, a toast! Cheers!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' What do you think? I wanna take you out to sea on an adventure, of course!
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I can teach you how to steer a ship if you're interested.
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You know, no two waves are ever the same...
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' If you're free, it'd be a shame not to take the opportunity to show you 'round the seas.
::{{DIcon}} I'll need to prepare.
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship3 05a 1.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Sure thing. Just say the word.
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship3 05a 2.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Oh, uh... And if you've got any unfinished business, best take care of that first then call me when you're done.
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship3 05a 3.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' One voyage takes about one and a half years, but that's just a rough estimate.
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship3 05a 4.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So, you should tie up any loose ends before we set sail!
::{{DIcon}} I'm worried that I'll get seasick.
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship3 05b 1.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Don't be afraid. Don't let that hold you back.
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship3 05b 2.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You'll get used to the ocean's movements soon enough. If you're really struggling, I have some medicinal herbs.
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship3 05b 3.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I guarantee you, it'll be fine. Trust me on this.
:::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship3 05b 4.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' It'd be a pity if you missed out on a voyage across the seas because of something like that!
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Anyway &mdash; let me know when you're done prepping, and we'll pick a date to set off!
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The thought of you and I conquering the seas together... I can't wait!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Beidou.
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Ah, I see you're raring to go.
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Good morning indeed! Let's get to it, (Traveler)!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Beidou.
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Night, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Don't stay up all night thinking, alright? Give your mind a proper rest.
::{{A|vo beidou mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' See ya soon.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Gathering of Gourmets===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly beidou restaurant 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Why didn't you tell me about this fancy pad of yours earlier, eh?
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly beidou restaurant 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hahaha, there's good wine and fresh food! Good stuff!
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly beidou restaurant 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Come on, join me! Tell me some stories about your adventures!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Of Hunting and Dancing===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly beidou hillichurl 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' It's a bit rough around the edges, but we have weapons, space, and everything else we might need.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly beidou hillichurl 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So, limber up and let's go a few rounds. Don't worry about holding back!
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly beidou hillichurl 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' This place ain't half bad. I like it!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[fr:Beidou/Sérénithéière]]
[[it:Beidou/Compagnia]]
[[ja:北斗/塵歌壺]]
[[ru:Бэй Доу/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Beidou/Konaklama]]