{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Benben.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
}}
'''Benben''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Golden Slumber}}.

==Profile==
Benben is a mysterious mechanical construct found in the ruins at [[Abdju Pit]], which were part of [[King Deshret]]'s ancient civilization. Unlike other [[Primal Construct]]s found within the ruins, it is not hostile to outsiders it encounters in the ruins, nor does it possess any visible combat accessories. It is even capable of rudimentary communication, though not in a verbally understandable form.

===Appearance===
Benben's model is that of the central core seen on Primal Constructs, without the additional triangular frame or combat accessories surrounding it.

==Story==
===Tirzad's expedition===
The unusual construct was discovered by the [[Traveler]], [[Paimon]], and [[Jeht]], who were searching for an exit in the ruins at [[Abdju Pit]] for the researcher [[Tirzad]]'s expedition team, which had fallen and become stranded in the pit. While the construct can only make mechanical beeping noises, Jeht was able to "understand" it, saying she can understand its emotions if not its meaning, and found it cute. Needing a way to refer to the construct, Jeht decided to call it "Benben" apparently because it floated like Paimon but was closer to the ground. The construct accepted this name and quickly began following alongside Jeht. When the group met with [[Tirzad]] and [[Jebrael]], who were also exploring the ruins with them, Benben was attracted to the [[Scarlet Sand Slate]] held by Tirzad and interacted with the slate, granting it the first "clearance" level for accessing the structures of King Deshret's civilization.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Lost in the Sands}}</ref>

Benben later accompanied the team when they reached [[Khemenu Temple]], which Tirzad wished to explore. The door was closed, but Benben was able to open it without being prompted by the rest of the group. Jeht noted that Benben seemed familiar with the inside of the temple, and had a special connection to the doors throughout King Deshret's ruins.

Eventually, the group reached the entrance of [[The Mausoleum of King Deshret]] and were surprised when its entrance suddenly opened before them; Paimon and Jeht suggest Benben opened the door, though Tirzad does not believe this. The group started to argue but Jeht noticed that Benben was impatient to enter the mausoleum; it suddenly flew off into the mausoleum, and the group caught up with it in a central room containing a large sarcophagus, which they later discovered to be empty. During a later argument between Tirzad and Jebrael, Benben reacted to a comment by Jebrael that the Scarlet Sand Slate was a key, but that even it needed "acknowledgment" in order to work. Later, Benben was separated from the group and taken by [[Samail]] and the [[Fatui]], but was quickly tracked down and rescued.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Secret of Al-Ahmar}}</ref>

The group's final destination was [[Khaj-Nisut]], where King Deshret's throne was located. The members of [[Thutmose]], Samail's [[The Eremites|Eremite]] faction, were also present and tried to take Benben and the slate from the group, but failed. Inside Khaj-Nisut, Benben pointed out the correct way to reach Al-Ahmar's throne, by going under instead of directly up. After the ensuing events, during which Jebrael sacrificed himself to save the others from Samail, Benben remained with Jeht when the group returned to [[Aaru Village]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand}}</ref>

===The Tanit===
Benben accompanied Jeht on her trip to meet the [[Tanit]] tribe, where Jebrael had come from. However, after leaving Khaj-Nisut, Benben ran low on power and eventually became dormant at some point after reaching the [[Tanit Camps]]. Because the merchant [[Aderfi]] claimed to know how to fix Benben, Jeht left the construct with him.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Wisdom Has Built Her House, She Has Hewn Out Her Seven Pillars}}</ref> Through his contacts in the Fatui, Aderfi struck a deal to acquire [[Energy Transformation Capacitor]]s to recharge Benben with in exchange for allowing the Fatui to analyze Benben; he did not know they were planning to steal Benben from him. However, the deal never occurred because Aderfi was killed by the Traveler and Jeht for betraying the Tanit. The Traveler later showed up to the deal in his place and stole the capacitors from a Fatui camp, allowing Benben to be recharged, though it remained in a state of recovery afterwards.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Rejoice With Me, for What Was Lost Is Now Found}}</ref>

After Jeht and the Traveler destroyed the Tanit for betraying and attempting to kill them, Benben emerged from Jeht's tent to quickly catch up with her as she left, walking down their own path.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...}}</ref> The [[Nameless Researcher's Notes]] suggest that Benben is still accompanying Jeht in her newly-formed mercenary group, which is currently trying to hunt down the Tanit elder [[Masseira]], who escaped to [[Gavireh Lajavard]].<ref>Interactable: [[Nameless Researcher's Notes#Nameless Researcher's Notes (IV)|Nameless Researcher's Notes (IV)]]</ref>

==Dialogue==
Benben has open-world dialogue while it is located at the Tanit Camps, after starting the {{Quest|The Dirge of Bilqis}}.
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Before completing [[Rejoice With Me, for What Was Lost Is Now Found]])
:'''Benben:''' (Benben lies still on the ground without making any of its familiar beeping sounds.)
;(After completing [[Rejoice With Me, for What Was Lost Is Now Found]])
:'''Benben:''' Beep-beep! Beep-beep!
:'''Benben:''' (Benben has recovered substantially. Things look pretty good right now...)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Gallery==
{{Files by Character Gallery}}

==Trivia==
* In Ancient Egyptian creation myths, {{w|Benben}} was a pyramid-shaped mound which was the first thing to emerge from {{w|Nu (mythology)|Nu}}, a term that referred both to the primordial waters of creation and the deity that personified it. Ancient Egyptians conceptualized the mortal plane of life as a bubble or sphere surrounded by the primordial oceanic-abyss Nu.<ref>Daniel R. McBride, 2003, ''The Oxford Essential Guide to Egyptian Mythology'', Berkley, [[Special:Booksources/0-425-19096-X|ISBN 0-425-19096-X]]</ref>
* In architecture, the uppermost piece or capstone of an Egyptian pyramid or obelisk might be referred to as a "pyramidion" or "benben stone" (the latter referencing the pyramid-shaped primordial mound of Ancient Egyptian mythology). In Ancient Egyptian language, pyramidia were called "benbenet."<ref>Ermann, Grapow, ''Wörterbuch der ägyptischen Sprache'' 1, 459.13-14</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Benben
|zhs     = 奔奔
|zhs_rm  = Bēnbēn
|zht     = 奔奔
|zht_rm  = Bēnbēn
|ja      = ブンブン
|ja_rm   = Bunbun
|ko      = 붐붐
|es      = Benben
|fr      = Benben
|ru      = Бенбен
|th      = Benben
|vi      = Benben
|de      = Benben
|id      = Benben
|pt      = Benben
|tr      = Benben
|it      = Benben
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Benben]]