{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 5009
|image         = Archon Quest Beneath the Secret Source.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = V
|act           = The Rainbow Destined to Burn
|actNum        = IV
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Capitano; Citlali; Gajere; Guthred; Ifa; Kinich; Kunnau; Kuymi; Mavuika; Ororon; Paimon; Sanhaj; Solnev; Totec; Traveler; Xilonen; Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night
|startLocation = [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame: Temple of Pax]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Basin of Unnumbered Flames
|subarea       = Stadium of the Sacred Flame
|poi           = Stadium of the Sacred Flame: Temple of Pax
|prev          = The Flickering Light Splits in Twain
|next          = As One We Watch the Setting Sun
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*875;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Beneath the Secret Source|chapter=5|act=4|part=1}}

==Steps==
# Tell [[Mavuika]] about [[The Captain]]'s intentions
# Head to the entrance of the "Remnants of the Secret Source"
# Defeat the Fatui on patrol nearby {{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire;Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard}}
# Enter the "[[Remnants of the Secret Source (Beneath the Secret Source)|Remnants of the Secret Source]]"
# Proceed deeper into the "Remnants of the Secret Source"
# Try to decipher the mystic arts behind the locked mechanism
# Rotate the device to complete the image and open the path
# Stop The Captain and [[Ororon]]
# Depart the "Remnants of the Secret Source"
#* Speak with the [[Lord of the Night]] (optional)

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Before Dawn Breaks}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After several twists and turns, you finally understand The Captain's plan and goal &mdash; to "reconstruct the Ley Lines." This seems to you a risky endeavor. One for which countermeasures must be discussed with Mavuika post-haste...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the Speaker's Chamber)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mavuika!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, Citlali &mdash; perfect timing. I've located The Captain.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' R&mdash;Really? That's great! We also just took a peek at Ororon's memories, and discovered something huge!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, uh... all with his Granny's permission, of course! Or, no, actually it was&mdash;
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Calm down, Paimon. I'll take it from here...
:;(Citlali explains the situation to Mavuika)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' So, The Captain was searching for the Source Mechanism to reconstruct the Ley Lines.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' If his plan is already in motion, that means he knows exactly how to accomplish his goal. We have to stop him.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' I&mdash;Is reconstructing the Ley Lines a bad thing?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Yes. It's not a simple fix. It would mean sacrificing nearly everything contained within the current Ley Lines &mdash; very similar to the price of using a [[Gnosis]].
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' If he activates the mechanism, it's all over. We need to mobilize our forces as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, what forces do we have?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Kinich, Xilonen, you two, and myself. All other warriors are working to push back the Abyss on the frontlines.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, that's barely any people. Not to mention, you lost your power, and they've got The Captain on their side! Maybe we really should get Citlali to break Ororon's legs...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That won't help us with The Captain, I'm afraid. In any case, the Masters of the Night-Wind are in urgent need of manpower. Citlali, I was hoping you could head back and help defend the tribe.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Alright. I understand where I'm needed. I'll head out right away.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry about your grandson. We'll figure something out for sure!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...I'll leave him to you all, then.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Alright, back to the matter at hand. I don't believe defeating The Captain needs to be our ultimate goal.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Let me grab Xilonen and Kinich. Then, I'll tell you my idea.
:;(After a while, Kinich and Xilonen join)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' As you all know, Ororon is working with The Captain, and we need to stop their plan.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The Captain is a formidable opponent, but that shouldn't deter us. In any case, a head-on confrontation isn't the best way to solve the issue.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 12.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Their plan hinges entirely on a single element &mdash; the Source Mechanism. If we leverage our forces, we can destroy it. And then, success is ours.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 13.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We'll head out together. In the event that a confrontation becomes inevitable, I'll stall The Captain while you advance.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' No, you're our leader, and you've lost your power. You shouldn't be the one to face The Captain.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I agree with Kinich. The two of us can handle it.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 14.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Listen to my plan, first. Kinich, I want you and Ajaw to launch an assault from the front and break through the Fatui defenses.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 15.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The Captain won't be on the frontlines. As a seasoned warrior, he'll be stationed in close proximity to the device to ensure its protection.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 kinich 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' So, you want us to lure him to the front?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 16.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' No, the purpose of the frontal assault is to gather the Fatui forces in one place. That way, it's easier for the rest of us to avoid them.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 17.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Xilonen, I need you to do what your tribe does best, and dig a tunnel from the outskirts of the ruin. Once we get close to the device, we just need to destroy it.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 kinich 03.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' So, Xilonen is launching the main assault.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 18.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Exactly. {{Traveler}} and I will join her, as well.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 19.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' No one can create a distraction better than you, Kinich &mdash; not even myself. By combining our strengths, we just might manage to break through The Captain's defenses.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 kinich 04.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Leave it to me.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Understood. Then, we should head out now.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Just promise us you won't do anything reckless. You cannot face The Captain straight on unless you have no other choice.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You mean everything to us. Losing you would be the worst possible outcome.
:{{DIcon}} I'll also try my best to not let things get to that point.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 1 mavuika 20.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Thank you, everyone. You have my word &mdash; I'll proceed with caution.
----
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 2 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Alright, this is the place. Their tunnel must be behind that gathering of Fatui guards.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 2 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Any of the nearby mountains could be a good infiltration point. But, if we want to stay under the radar, we should approach from the side.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 2 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' As agreed, Ajaw and I will handle things at the front.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 2 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' There are only a few Fatui stationed around the perimeter. We should take care of them first, so they can't alert anyone.

;(Approach Kinich, optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 3 kinich 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 3 solnev 01.ogg}} '''Solnev:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, don't get too close! Kinich is handling things over there!

;(After defeating the Fatui)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 4 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Alright, that's done. Let's head to the foot of the mountain.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Captured Photos}})

;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 3 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' What do you think, Xilonen? Is this a good spot?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 3 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Looks good. We'll take it from here.
:{{Black Screen|Keeping as quiet as possible, tribespeople from the Children of Echoes make quick work of digging a tunnel.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq104 3 totec 01.ogg}} '''Totec:''' I can see the inside!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 3 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Perfect. We'll keep going. The rest of you should head back. Things are about to get dangerous.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 3 totec 02.ogg}} '''Totec:''' Alright. Please take care!
----
;(Enter the domain)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 4 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The Fatui wouldn't concentrate all their forces in one place. There's sure to be guards on the inside, so stay sharp.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, nice job smashing those rocks, Mavuika! You looked super cool!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 4 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' That was some expert-level rock clearing, even by my tribe's standards.

;(Approach the tunnel entrance)<!--Cryogunner, Anemoboxer, Pyroslinger-->
:{{A|vo ntaq104 4 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' That must be the Fatui tunnel over there. We should steer clear and approach from the side.

;(Approach the first mechanism)<!--Cryogunner, Anemoboxer, Pyro Agent-->
:{{A|vo ntaq104 4 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' This spell is from the Masters of the Night-Wind. It's Ororon's doing. They're probably trying to buy time.
:;(She breaks the spell)

;(Approach the second mechanism)<!--Secret Source Automaton: Hunter-Seeker-->
:{{A|vo ntaq104 4 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' These wheels are relics from ancient times. We should try to restore them.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These mechanisms probably control that wheel, right? Let's give them a try.

;(Enter the cavern with "The Captain" and Ororon)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' This must be it.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There they are!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' (The Captain's here too. Perfect... looks like they focused their defenses over there.)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' They're here.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 thecaptain 01.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Huh, I thought the Pyro Archon would choose a frontal assault.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' It doesn't matter. They're too late anyway.
:{{Color|menu|Ororon activates the Source Mechanism without a hint of hesitation.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Stop!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 thecaptain 02.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' It's too late.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' We need to turn it off!
:{{DIcon}} (There's still time!)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I won't let you do this!
:'''???:''' &mdash;!!!
:{{Color|menu|An unspeakable, keening cry rings in your ears.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 olorun 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' !?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 thecaptain 03.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' The sound of... lament?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What was that sound? It was like a piercing cry...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' (Now's our chance to turn off the device!)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (So close... We need to approach from the side and lure The Captain away...)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' (Ororon!? How did he just&mdash;)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 thecaptain 04.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' ...!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 xilonen 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' (His movements have gotten a lot faster... Was Ororon always this good in battle?)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Hmph!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq104 5 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Xilonen!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 xilonen 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Ugh...
:{{Color|menu|Ororon strikes with astonishing speed, and unable to dodge, Xilonen braces for impact. However, The Captain stops him...}}
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 thecaptain 05.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' This ends now!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 olorun 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Ugh!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' ...Something's wrong.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The Captain helped Xilonen? Why?)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 thecaptain 06.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 olorun 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 thecaptain 07.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' You are not Ororon. Who are you?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 xilonen 08.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' What?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 olorun 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...Commander.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 thecaptain 08.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' You...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 guthred 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' So, you still recognize me, Commander... I'm glad. Although, I believe you have some more pressing concerns at the moment.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Now!)
:{{Color|menu|You seize the opportunity to approach the Source Mechanism and shut it down.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We did it!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 guthred 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You see? You indulge your sense of honor for just a moment, and now you've lost your chance... Even now, you're still the same as ever.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' His voice is completely different. Is... Is someone inhabiting Ororon's body...?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 guthred 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Stop worrying about other people's survival, about their losses and sacrifices. You just need to win! That must be why I've returned... for this moment.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 guthred 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Please finish what you've set out to do, Commander.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 thecaptain 09.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 thecaptain 10.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' I didn't expect to see you here, but I have to disagree... Abandoning one's comrades is not the way of a warrior.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 guthred 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Why do you care about a doomed man? I know you can see it... He's already close to death.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 guthred 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' After all, his soul has been incomplete from the start.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 5 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Hmph.
:;(Inside Ororon's consciousness)<!-- black screen transition -->
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (Someone said I'm close to death... Is it because of that noise just now? The piercing cry that came from underground when I activated the device...)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (What's down there? Natlan's Ley Lines must be hiding some kind of secret.)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (Argh... Am I dying? No, it's too soon...)
:;(Ororon sees a memory of himself and two others)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 kunnau 01.ogg}} '''Kunnau:''' Ah! Ororon, it's you! What'll it be today?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 kunnau 02.ogg}} '''Kunnau:''' *sigh* Why the long face? Don't tell me you still haven't let that go? I knew it was a bad idea to tell you.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I... I heard everyone wanted me to be the savior.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 kunnau 03.ogg}} '''Kunnau:''' Savior? Hah, sounds nice, doesn't it? But, does such a person truly exist? Even if they do, why would you have to become that person?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 kuymi 01.ogg}} '''Kuymi:''' Ororon, is that you? Here, have a seat. Let Granny cut you some fruit. We just got a fresh batch.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 kuymi 02.ogg}} '''Kuymi:''' Can I get you anything else? Some grilled meatloaf, maybe? Ask for anything you want &mdash; we've got plenty of ingredients.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' What about those spice-rubbed mushrooms you made last time, Granny Kuymi?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 kuymi 03.ogg}} '''Kuymi:''' Ah, you liked those, did you? An outlander taught me that recipe, actually &mdash; a merchant, to be exact.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 kuymi 04.ogg}} '''Kuymi:''' Ever thought about going into business yourself, my boy? You could travel all over.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 kunnau 04.ogg}} '''Kunnau:''' Our Ororon... a merchant? He's far too honest for that line of work.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 kuymi 05.ogg}} '''Kuymi:''' Well, at least an honest merchant like him wouldn't prey on old-timers like us!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (Everyone said a true savior does not really exist, but then, why did my birth open the door to the possibility? Why give people false hope?)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (Maybe I don't have to sacrifice myself, but surely everyone is born for a purpose... So what's mine?)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 09.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (If I had succeeded back then, would the world have become a better place? What's the meaning of my existence?)
:;(He sees a memory of him and Citlali)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Done spacing out, Ororon? Did you finish your homework?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 10.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Yes, Granny. It's just... will learning all of this really make me as strong as you?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hah, of course not! I'm a special case. Other shamans study their whole lives without reaching a fraction of my abilities.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 11.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Because you're a genius, right?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You could say that... Haha, or maybe I've just been alive longer than the rest of them, and picked up a few tricks that they didn't want to touch...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ahem! It's rude to bring up a woman's age. Never do that again, no matter the circumstances.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 12.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Uh... I wasn't the one who brought it up...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Anyway, class is canceled tomorrow. Go have fun.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 13.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' What about my homework, then?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Do what you want. What use is it being as strong as me, anyway?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You've seen how the tribe treats me. They're all afraid. I try to go about my business, and they practically tremble in fear... Not the most fun way to go about living one's life, I'd say.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Take it from me, the happiest people are the ones who do their own thing. So, do what you want, Ororon, no matter what anyone else has to say.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 14.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (Granny didn't say it outright, but I think she was trying to comfort me. Don't force yourself, don't beat yourself up about the past... That's what she always says.)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 15.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (But, I never forced myself. I never even got the chance to try before it was all over.)
:;(He sees another memory)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 ifa 01.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Hey, you zoning out over here, again? There's such a thing as overwatering the radishes, you know!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 16.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I was just looking at the aphids.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 ifa 02.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Something interesting about them today?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 17.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I noticed some on the ground. Maybe it got too cold yesterday, and they couldn't handle it.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 ifa 03.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Bummer. Guess that means less honey this year.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 18.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Ifa, do you think being a vet is fun?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 ifa 04.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Fun? I'm not sure about that. Do you think planting vegetables is fun?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 19.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Fun enough, I guess. I don't have anything else to do.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 ifa 05.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Exactly. Most people live like that &mdash; no special purpose or calling. That's just how the world works.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 ifa 06.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Oh, geez, that troublemaker's at it again... Ororon, my man, come inside and give me a hand, would you?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 20.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Why should I? I thought being a vet was no fun.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 ifa 07.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Well, I guess there is a fun part &mdash; trying to outsmart these rascals! C'mon, give me a hand!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 21.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (Maybe Ifa was just too nice to tell me the truth... that attempting something above your capabilities will kill you.)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 22.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (My soul is unstable. I only survived because I had people to help keep me in one piece.)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 23.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (...A part of me has always been missing. That's why the other spirit said I was close to death. But...)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 guthred 01.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' Why struggle? It's a miracle you were even born. Just close your eyes and wait for death.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 24.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' It was you... the thing that came out of nowhere.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 guthred 02.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' Thing? I'm a warrior, far stronger than a weakling like you.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 25.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm not weak. There's just a limit to what I can do.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 guthred 03.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' And that's exactly why your fantasy is so ridiculous. You really think a useless thing like you can save the world?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 26.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Useless...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 kunnau 03.ogg}} '''Kunnau:''' Savior? Hah, sounds nice, doesn't it? But, does such a person truly exist? Even if they do, why would you have to become that person?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 ifa 05.ogg}} '''Ifa:''' Exactly. Most people live like that &mdash; no special purpose or calling. That's just how the world works.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Take it from me, the happiest people are the ones who do their own thing. So, do what you want, Ororon, no matter what anyone else has to say.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 27.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (But, I don't want things to end here.)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 gajere 01.ogg}} '''Gajere:''' Ororon? It's alright. We'll take things from here.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 28.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (Every time they marched to battle, I had to stay behind.)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 gajere 02.ogg}} '''Gajere:''' Don't worry. With the Archon on our side, the Abyss doesn't stand a chance!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 29.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (All the best warriors are fighting on the frontlines... I want to do my part, too.)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 guthred 04.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' Both of us are bound to disappear. But, your end will come sooner than mine, because you've been broken from the start.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 guthred 05.ogg}} '''Guthred:''' Once your soul shatters into pieces and dissipates into the wind, I will take temporary control over this body. I will serve my commander until the end.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 30.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' No... NO! This isn't right. My life can't end like this &mdash; I still haven't done anything important with my life!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 31.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' My end will not come first, and I'm not giving up. I can't die here... No! I WON'T die here!
:;(A light appears in his consciousness)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' ...Ororon! Ororon!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 32.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' (That voice...)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Control your mind. Feel the ground beneath your feet! This is not your end.
:;(Ororon runs and reaches towards the light)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 33.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 34.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...I...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' His eyes are open! He's alive!
:;(A Seelie floats around in the background)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Well done. You managed to do the impossible.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 35.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' What do you mean...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 thecaptain 01.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Don't try to talk. Focus on holding yourself together.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 36.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I can't believe The Captain did that...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe he thinks of Ororon as a comrade? He was helping to rein him in all this time...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (That's the only reason I had the chance to turn off the device.)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 37.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I... I'm fine now.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Damage to the soul is a tricky thing. The pain almost consumed you for a moment, but you managed to hold onto yourself... That's no easy feat.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 thecaptain 02.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' The worst appears to be over.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 38.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm sorry for causing so much trouble.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We can talk about that later.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 39.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Our plan... It failed, didn't it.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 40.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm sorry... We were so close.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 thecaptain 03.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' You saved my life, and now... the debt is repaid.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Ororon, I never thought you actually wanted to sacrifice yourself in that ceremony. But, you never gave up. Have you come to a conclusion on what it is that you truly want?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 41.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I just want an answer... a reason why I exist, and why everyone always did so much for me.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 42.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' No one is born a hero, and no one should be treated like one from birth. I had a chance to do something important back then, but I failed. All I want is to find some more ways to make up for that...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 mavuika 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The answer you seek... now lies before you.
:;(An [[Ancient Name]] descends from the sky and begins to glow)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 43.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...!
:;(A shadowy figure glowing gold with the same letters as the Ancient Name glowing on his chest emerges from the Ancient Name)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 sanhaj 01.ogg}} '''Sanhaj:''' You are the inheritor of my name, the hero from the Masters of the Night-Wind who shall fight for this generation.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 sanhaj 02.ogg}} '''Sanhaj:''' Fascinating... You're not the person that the others thought you were. And yet... you're also not the kind of person that you thought you were. It can take a lifetime to truly discover who we really are.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 sanhaj 03.ogg}} '''Sanhaj:''' Like you, I never thought I had what it took to be a hero. I was too cunning, too self-absorbed. But, in the end, I sacrificed my life for this nation.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 sanhaj 04.ogg}} '''Sanhaj:''' Now, remember your name. Even if others will see a different meaning, it still symbolizes your nobility and yearning.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 olorun 44.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' My Ancient Name... "{{Rubi|Bidii|Devotion}}."
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 sanhaj 05.ogg}} '''Sanhaj:''' It means "devotion." You will give your all not for the sake of a heroic death, but to do justice by the answer you've found for your life.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 sanhaj 06.ogg}} '''Sanhaj:''' For that answer, you will offer all of your strength, and be born anew. Through your devotion, you will prove your worth.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 sanhaj 07.ogg}} '''Sanhaj:''' "Having foretold his own death, the omniscient man holds a feast in celebration."
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 sanhaj 08.ogg}} '''Sanhaj:''' "Let us raise our cups in honor of his heroism and send him off with this final tribute."
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 sanhaj 09.ogg}} '''Sanhaj:''' "For, at last, his wish is now fulfilled."
:;(Sanhaj disappears)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 6 mavuika 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' It's nice to see you again, Sanhaj. With your recognition, we now have the fifth hero of this era.
:;(Ororon glows with the visual effects of a Nightsoul's Blessing)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 01.ogg}} '''???:''' I'm happy to see your plan advance one step further. It seems that my cry did not cause irreversible damage.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Wh&mdash;What is that voice?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Just as I thought... The [[Lord of the Night]] has awakened.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Lord of the Night? As in... the one who rules over the Night Kingdom!?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 02.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' I preside over a realm of souls. Due to my limited power, sleep is the only way I can extend my existence.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 03.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' When you activated the device, I awoke and could not hold back my cry. It is a sound that agitates souls.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 04.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Most of you were unaffected because your souls are intact. But, with a damaged soul, the effect on your friend was heightened, and his soul almost shattered as a result.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 05.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' And yet, his soul remains in one piece. He managed to overcome this obstacle through sheer strength of will... A truly impressive feat for a human.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' So, was that what caused all his strange behavior earlier?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 06.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' No. An additional soul was affected. It tried to take refuge in the missing part of your friend's soul, but was ultimately expelled.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 07.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' However, this soul does not hail from Natlan or the Night Kingdom. Its origins remain a mystery to me.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 01.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Activating the Source Mechanism was supposed to reconstruct the Ley Lines. Why did it awaken you instead?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 08.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Because I was the one who originally constructed Natlan's Ley Lines... otherwise known as the Night Kingdom.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The [[Great War of Vengeance|ancient battle]] between the [[Descender]] and the dragons destroyed the corner of the world, allowing the Abyss to invade. Natlan's Ley Lines took the worst of the damage.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' To aid the people of Natlan, the Lord of the Night used the fragments of the old Ley Lines to reconstruct a similar network. That's how the Night Kingdom was born.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 04.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' The first Pyro Archon, [[Xbalanque]], strengthened that realm and established the rules that aid our fight against the Abyss &mdash; the [[Ode of Resurrection]] and the [[Pilgrimage]], both of which are practices that survive to this day.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right... You said before it all came from the "power of the heavens."
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 09.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' The ancient dragons tried to use this device to strengthen the Ley Lines by imbuing them with power.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 10.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Back then, this method was rather ineffective. They lacked the skills to navigate the intricate structure of the Ley Lines.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 11.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' And now, the structure of the Ley Lines has also completely changed. I am the only possible vehicle for the power generated by the device.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 12.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' It was an incredibly crude and painful method, but I managed to absorb some of that power. Now, I can speak to you like this and provide you with aid.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 13.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Such as rebuilding the Ley Lines once more... at the cost of my own existence.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, why would you make that kind of sacrifice?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 14.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' The people of Natlan worship me, and call me their "lord"... In the ancient past, before we died out, we were also known by a different name... "Angels."
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 15.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' But, adventurers like you are probably more familiar with our devolved form... [[Seelie]]s.
:{{DIcon}} So, Seelies are angels...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No wonder there are Seelies around here. A Seelie also helped us in the Night Kingdom...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 16.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Few angels remain in Natlan, so the same is true of Seelies. Everyone rallied around me and offered their power to humanity to reconstruct the Ley Lines.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 17.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Now, I have witnessed your determined pursuit for survival, and I have become your faith... I am very pleased.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 18.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Mavuika, inheritor of Xbalanque's will, and leader of Natlan...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 19.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Despite all the obstacles and misunderstandings, I have awoken, and the efforts of this Harbinger and the young hero have imbued me with power.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 20.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Say the word, and I will once again work to fulfill my mandate, just as I did thousands of years ago.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 21.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' You need only nod your head. For the sake of your people and your nation, for the sake of overcoming the invasion from the Abyss, give me your orders.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 05.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' ...I will not.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 06.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' After reconstructing new Ley Lines, you will cease to exist. The rules of Natlan are founded in the Night Kingdom. If you disappear, so do they.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 07.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Not to mention, all the memories and legends recorded within the old Ley Lines will disappear along with you. The people of Natlan will face memory loss, mental disorders, and cognitive issues...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 08.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Just like the consequences of using the Gnosis, that is a price I refuse to accept.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 02.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Humanity's survival is worth any price. Once the Abyss runs rampant, all that remains will be a land of corpses and ruin.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 09.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' And when the new Ley Lines are invaded again by the Abyss? What then? How are future generations supposed to survive?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 10.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' A land without the Lord of the Night, without the protection of the rules... is doomed from the start.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 03.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' You presume too much. If you cannot ensure survival in the present, you have no right to think about the future.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 04.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' What will it take for you to realize that? How many hundreds or thousands will have to die!?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The situation hasn't gotten that dire yet... has it?
:{{DIcon}} Why are you so pessimistic about the situation?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 05.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Why...? Because I am a survivor of Khaenri'ah. I've witnessed the devastation and terror of the Abyss with my own eyes.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Khaenri'ah...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 06.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' That's right. My family, my comrades, my homeland... were all lost to the Abyss.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 07.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' It is an unforgettable pain, one that no amount of time could ever dull... not even five hundred years. You've experienced something similar, Mavuika. You should know exactly what I mean.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 11.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' You're right. The pain, the regret, the catastrophe... they all haunt my dreams to this day...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 08.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' If I could go back, I would reject all false hope. I would do whatever it took to ensure their survival.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 09.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' You have that chance before you now. Why do you refuse to take it!?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 12.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Because we don't have the right to make that decision.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 13.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' We love this world because it contains everything we hold dear... everything that has happened here has moved us, shaped us, and turned us into who we are today.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 14.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Giving up our memories and history would mean rewriting everything. The people of this world would then become fundamentally different beings, their physical bodies the only connection to their former selves.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 10.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Even so, given enough time, a new civilization would inevitably flourish. If you believe in humanity, you should trust in their ability to create a new future.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 15.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Or, history could repeat itself, the Abyss could invade once more, and it would all be for nothing.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Can I say something?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 olorun 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I once carried the hopes of many people, and I was also desperate to save our nation. In The Captain's plan, I saw a chance to ensure our survival.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' But, as I was on the brink of death, my wish for life and purpose was rekindled.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 olorun 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I've been very fortunate to be well cared for by all the people in my life. I refuse to forget that. My feelings were so strong, they overrode my compulsion to sacrifice myself for their safety.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 olorun 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' No matter what path lies before us, we still have a destination. If we lose our way now, we will lose the meaning of our existence.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' That's right. Natlan's heroes gave their lives so we could have this chance against the Abyss. Their sacrifices are our blessings.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Not only are their deeds and spirits exceptionally meaningful, they may also well be our path to victory. I don't want to give up just yet.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! We're just one hero short!
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 22.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' The power from the device will allow me to remain awake for some time. I stand at the ready should you change your mind.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 23.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Even if you fail, you need only send someone my way. My offer still stands.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 nightmare 24.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Humanity is truly remarkable. Even the gods in the heavens hold you to be special. Even now, you stand before me, dazzling like the sun.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 16.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' You must have a profound connection to this land, since you're so determined to save it.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 17.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' But, what are you really trying to protect? The land? Or its people?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 11.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pretty sure he wants to hear what you have to say, {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} I want to win.
:{{DIcon}} What about you?
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 12.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Fine.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 13.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' I suppose we can wait. Now that Ororon has inherited the memories of his forebear, there's only one hero left.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 14.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Your plan does have the potential to generate the best outcome.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 thecaptain 15.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' In the meantime, you shall have the aid of all the Fatui under my command.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 18.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Thank you. Having such a powerful Harbinger on my side is a big advantage.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 mavuika 19.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I know we may never completely see eye to eye on what it means to protect life, but for now, I'm willing to fight by your side.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Alright, we should let everyone else know about the plan. They're probably still at each other's throats outside.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good idea. We need to explain the situation.
:{{DIcon}} I have a few more questions for the Lord of the Night.
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, guess we'll stick around then...
:{{A|vo ntaq104 7 olorun 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'll update everyone outside. Let's meet back up at the Stadium.

;(Talk to Yohualtecuhtin, optional)
:{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 01.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' You come to me with many questions, and you should be rewarded for your bravery. Ask and you shall have the knowledge you seek.
:{{DIcon}} About the power of the heavens...
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 02a 1.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' They do not like being mentioned by name by any living being, be it an ordinary human or one of The Seven. They prefer to remain in the shadows as [[Shade]]s.
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 02a 2.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' The one you wish to know about... I call her "The [[Ruler of Death]]." She helped Natlan establish the rules. It was also under her guidance that I created the Night Kingdom...
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 02a 3.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' It was an expression of love, as well as an act of reparation. She was seen as having significantly overstepped her authorities as a Shade, which quite displeased the almighty... Mm, [[Heavenly Principles]].
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 02a 4.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' She succumbed to self-pity as a result, and no longer cared if others discussed her identity. Even so, her existence remains unknown to all but a select few.
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 paimon 01a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Self-pity...
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 02a 5.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' ...Please don't tell anyone I used that word. I'm just trying to speak plainly to conserve energy...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About the Loom of Fate...
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 02b 1.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' I'm not familiar with that concept. The device is capable of weaving and creating Ley Lines, you say?
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 02b 2.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Even I cannot create something from nothing. I can only reconstruct the Ley Lines by reassembling the yet-intact components into a new structure...
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 02b 3.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' If that power were available to the people of Natlan, they might have a new option against the Abyss.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About Elemental energy and the Abyss...
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 02c 1.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Phlogiston is Teyvat's primordial form of energy. The Heavenly Principles used phlogiston as a basis for the creation of Elemental energy... to develop a power to better counter the Abyss.
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 02c 2.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Have you heard of the concepts of the [[Light Realm]] and the [[Human Realm]]? Hmm... That explanation might take too long.
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 02c 3.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Light refracts into seven different colors, which we collectively refer to as a rainbow. Elemental energy is a similar concept. It's essentially the modern counterpart of Phlogiston...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About my Ancient Name...
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 02d 1.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' Ah, yes, yes. The artisan from the Children of Echoes has yet to mention the matter to me, probably because the [[Citlali|young girl]] from the Masters of the Night-Wind is absent.
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 02d 2.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' No matter. I'll reach out in a dream and tell them what needs to be done.
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 paimon 01d 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Young girl...?
::{{A|vo ntaq104 8 nightmare 02d 3.ogg}} '''Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night:''' What? Did I say something wrong?
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} I have no more questions.

;(Leave the domain)
:;(Quest completes)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Beneath the Secret Source
|zhs      = 秘源之下
|zhs_rm   = Mìyuán zhī Xià
|zht      = 秘源之下
|zht_rm   = Mìyuán zhī Xià
|zh_tl    = Beneath the Secret Source
|ja       = 秘源の下で
|ja_rm    = Higen no Shita de
|ja_tl    = Beneath the Secret Source
|ko       = 비밀근원 아래
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Bajo la fuente de los enigmas
|es_tl    = Under the Source of the Enigmas
|fr       = Sous la source secrète
|fr_tl    = Beneath the Secret Source
|ru       = Под таинственным источником
|ru_tl    = Beneath the Mysterious Source
|th       = ภายใต้ต้นกำเนิด
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Bên Dưới Bí Ẩn
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Unter der geheimen Quelle
|de_tl    = Beneath the Secret Source
|id       = Di Bawah Sumber Rahasia
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Debaixo da Fonte Sagrada
|pt_tl    = Beneath the Sacred Source
|tr       = Gizli Kaynağın Altında
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Sotto la Fonte segreta
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter V}}

[[vi:Bên Dưới Bí Ẩn]]