{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19052
|image         = Hangout Event Beneath the Surface.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Beidou
|actNum        = I
|act           = When the Crux Shines Bright
|startLocation = [[Sea of Clouds]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|prev          = A Special Guest
|characters    = Beidou; Traveler; Mora-Grubber; Nei; Wai; Mr. Iron Abacus; Yijian; Gui'an; Gongjun
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Beneath the Surface''''' is a quest in {{Quest|When the Crux Shines Bright}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the small vessel that Beidou has prepared
# Go to the Skirmisher Boats
# Complete the boat handling challenge
#*Collect Wavesplitter Insignias: 0/13
#*The challenge timer is 2 minutes.
# Talk to Beidou

;'''The Crux of Our Duties'''
# Meet Beidou in Liyue Harbor
# Follow Beidou to meet with the trading partner
# Talk to Nei
# Follow Beidou to Wai's Amateur Fishmonger's
# Talk to Wai
# Follow Beidou to meet with the warehouse owner
# Talk to Mr. Iron Abacus

;'''A Strange Transaction'''
# Go to Guyun Stone Forest
# Wait till early morning (00:00&ndash;05:00)
# Talk to Mr. Iron Abacus
# Take a walk by the beach with Beidou
# Talk to Beidou

==Gameplay Notes==
*Completing this quest gives the {{Achievement|Guyun Buyers' Club}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Beidou invites you to experience the boat handling training conducted by The Spear of the Crux...}}
===Training: The Spear of The Crux===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_01.ogg}} '''[[Beidou]]:''' These are some older Skirmish Boats that we keep on The Alcor as backup.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Although they've been made redundant by newer models now, they're still fully kitted out.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' They are perfect for when we need to do simulated battles as part of crew training.
:{{DIcon}} I thought I'd be steering The Alcor in a battle simulation.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hahaha, disappointed? So this isn't quite on the scale that you had in mind, huh?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' To be honest, The Alcor going into battle is the last thing I'd ever want to see.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' In fact, out of all the confrontations we've ever had, almost all were resolved by negotiation.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Only when negotiations fail do we consider deploying our armed fighters and Skirmish Boats, and they alone are enough to handle most situations.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The only reason The Alcor would ever need to open fire would be if it were a fight to the death.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The Alcor serves only two purposes, to deter or to destroy.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' We are an armed fleet with a strong sense of justice, not war-hungry lunatics.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' We are very careful about determining when to use force and exactly what level of force to use.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' All of this is to say that mastering a small attack craft is quite enough for new crew members.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Do you have any experience piloting small armed vessels?
:{{DIcon}} Sure do, I can even sail and fire at the same time.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_14.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You mean you can do the jobs of a helmsman and a gunner simultaneously...? That's quite an achievement.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_15.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Even in The Crux, there are few who can do that.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_16.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Seems like you're a natural.
:{{DIcon}} Of course, I can even navigate a ship right through a whirlpool.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_17.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hahahaha, you're the first person I've ever met who is so dismissive of the power of the sea.
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_18.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But I guess to put it another way, you're already a seasoned veteran, huh?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_19.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' In that case, I will skip the basics on how to operate your craft.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_20.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The goal of this exercise is simple: Steer your Skirmish Boat along the prescribed route and return here within the time limit.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905201_beidou_21.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You can start when you're ready. I'll be waiting here, so I can observe your skills.

;(If you talk to Beidou before starting the challenge)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905202_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Start whenever you're ready. Don't keep me waiting too long &mdash; show me how it's done.

;(Go to the Skirmisher Boats)
{{Dialogue End}}

====Doing Ok in the Challenge====
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Beidou)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905202_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hah, not so on form today, {{Traveler}}, huh?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, I'm a little rusty.
:{{DIcon}} I fazed out a little.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905202_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I'm sure the boat is partly to blame. It's a pretty old craft, so it can be a little sluggish to operate.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905202_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So, don't worry about it. Just remind me to have Juza make some improvements to it when we get back.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905202_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Anyway, that was all just to get you warmed up...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905202_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' What I really want to show you is the more serious side of The Crux's business.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905202_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Come with me. We're going to Liyue Harbor.
;(You lose one heart)
{{Dialogue End}}

====Completing the Challenge Perfectly====
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Beidou)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905202_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Nicely done! {{Traveler}}, that was a joy to watch.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905202_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Perfect timing on the turns, and you kept your craft stable on the straightaway. It was like watching a well-rehearsed show.
:{{DIcon}} I'd call that pretty routine.
:{{DIcon}} I've had a lot of training in sailing.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905202_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hahaha. Alright &mdash; it's high time I introduced you to some of the more serious business that The Crux takes on.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905202_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Come with me. We're going to Liyue Harbor.
;(You gain one heart)
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Crux of Our Duties===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Meet Beidou in Liyue Harbor)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905203_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You may be aware that as an armed fleet, The Crux is kinda like the maritime equivalent of a Guard for Hire.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905203_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' We work as an armed carrier, earning our keep by successfully delivering the goods entrusted to us from A to B.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905203_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Aside from that though, there is also one other important way we make income...
:{{DIcon}} Bounties for capturing pirates on the Ministry of Civil Affairs' wanted list?
:{{DIcon}} Consultancy fees for running fast-track training courses for other crews?
:{{DIcon}} Remuneration for completing Adventurers' Guild commissions?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905203_moragrubber_01.ogg}} '''[[Mora-Grubber]]:''' Actually, it's trading. In certain kinds of goods.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905203_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hey! My hotshot accountant! Nice of you to join us.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905203_moragrubber_02.ogg}} '''Mora-Grubber:''' Cut it out, boss.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905203_moragrubber_03.ogg}} '''Mora-Grubber:''' Juza sent me here with a message. He says preparations are now underway. If you give me the all-clear, I'll head straight over.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905203_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Okay. Be careful.
:{{DIcon}} What's your bookkeeper doing here?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905203_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Well... She has something to take care of.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905203_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Mora-Grubber was right though. The other important side to our business &mdash; the less official side &mdash; is doing exactly what merchants do.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905203_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Importing here, exporting there. The only difference between us and regular merchants is that our transactions aren't entirely above-board.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905203_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You'll see what I mean by that shortly. I'm taking you to see one such transaction for yourself.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905203_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Come on, let's go meet our trading partner for the day.

;(Talk to Nei)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905213_nei_01.ogg}} '''[[Nei]]:''' Fresh seafood! Fresh seafood! Catch it while you can!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905204_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' What do you have?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905204_nei_02.ogg}} '''Nei:''' Hello there! Here at Nei's Professional Fishmonger's, we got everything you could ask for.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905204_nei_03.ogg}} '''Nei:''' So what do you need?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905204_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I want a bass head with all the teeth removed. If there's a single tooth in there, I don't want it.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905204_nei_04.ogg}} '''Nei:''' Huh? ...You know bass have pharyngeal teeth, right? In the throat? How do you expect me to get all those out?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905204_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Then I'll have a bass trunk with two swim bladders. Again, if it's short by one swim bladder, it's not the bass I want.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905204_nei_05.ogg}} '''Nei:''' You're not making this easy for me... One bass means one swim bladder. 'Fraid that's not up to me.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905204_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Okay, then I'll take a bass tail with scales that are yellow on the outside, black on the inside. Also, it's gotta have a total of 81 scales, that's 7 times 7. No more, no less.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905204_nei_06.ogg}} '''Nei:''' What kind of fish scales are yellow outside and black inside? You sure this is a fish you're talking about?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905204_nei_07.ogg}} '''Nei:''' In any case, you can try all you want but seven times seven is never gonna get you 81...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905204_nei_08.ogg}} '''Nei:''' Pardon my asking but you're not a fish expert, are you? I'm sorry, Ma'am! But I'm afraid I don't have any of the things you're looking for.
:{{DIcon}} Didn't you say you have everything we could ask for?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905204_nei_09.ogg}} '''Nei:''' Look, I'm a professional, and so are most of the people I serve. I can accommodate anything they ask for. Seems you two are amateurs, so I'm sorry, but you'll have to go someplace else.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905204_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Anywhere you'd recommend?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905204_nei_10.ogg}} '''Nei:''' Hehe, like I said, Nei's Professional Fishmonger's is for professionals. For amateurs, the place to go to would be Wai's Amateur Fishmonger's.

;(Follow Beidou to Wai's Amateur Fishmonger's)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905213_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I bet you're wondering why that guy was saying he didn't have what we wanted.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905213_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' That was just the first step in the transaction, to confirm our identity. The real deal will come later.

;(Talk to Wai)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_wai_01.ogg}} '''[[Wai]]:''' Fresh seafood! Fresh seafood! Come take a look!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Is this Wai's Amateur Fishmonger's?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_wai_02.ogg}} '''Wai:''' That's the one! We have all kinds of amateur stuff here. The more amateur, the more of it we've got!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_wai_03.ogg}} '''Wai:''' What would you like?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' We'd like a bass head.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_wai_04.ogg}} '''Wai:''' No problem! Ours are all toothless, mind you.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' And a bass trunk.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_wai_05.ogg}} '''Wai:''' No problem! I'll stick an extra swim bladder in there for ya, on the house.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' And a tail.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_wai_06.ogg}} '''Wai:''' Sure thing! I'll paint the scales yellow on the outside and black on the inside, so you can tell at a glance: This ain't no ordinary fishtail!
:{{DIcon}} Do the scales add up to 81, or seven times seven?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_wai_07.ogg}} '''Wai:''' If it's seven times seven you want, I can do you 81, 138, or even 648! It's up to you!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Great! I like your style. We have a deal.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_wai_08.ogg}} '''Wai:''' Appreciate your patronage! Please take your order to our warehouse manager over there.
:{{DIcon}} Don't you have the fish here?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_wai_09.ogg}} '''Wai:''' Hehe! A real amateur if I ever met one! Proud to have you as a customer.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_wai_10.ogg}} '''Wai:''' No, we don't have the fish here. All fish sold at Wai's Amateur Fishmonger's are still swimming in the sea.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_wai_11.ogg}} '''Wai:''' Once we get the order in from the customer, we go fish it out for them. The warehouse handles that side of things.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905208_wai_12.ogg}} '''Wai:''' Pay first, then we bring you the goods! That way, you get the freshest catch!

;(Talk to Mr. Iron Abacus)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_ironabacus_01.ogg}} '''[[Mr. Iron Abacus]]:''' Are you two here to collect your order? Huh? Bei... Ahem!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Yes, Sir. We're here about that bass.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_ironabacus_02.ogg}} '''Mr. Iron Abacus:''' I didn't expect you to come in person. But we still need to follow procedure.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_ironabacus_03.ogg}} '''Mr. Iron Abacus:''' The bass you want is not a standard specimen. Our fishermen need to wait for the right moment to catch it.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_ironabacus_04.ogg}} '''Mr. Iron Abacus:''' You know the rules, I take it?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Of course.
:{{DIcon}} What rules?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_ironabacus_05.ogg}} '''Mr. Iron Abacus:''' Hehe. As you know, timing and location are everything when it comes to fishing. You have to wait till all the conditions are just right: that means the tide, the moon, and the wind.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_ironabacus_06.ogg}} '''Mr. Iron Abacus:''' So let me ask you this. When will the tide come in?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The fishing song will sound out at midnight.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_ironabacus_07.ogg}} '''Mr. Iron Abacus:''' How drunk will the moon be before the party's over?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' It won't stop while the star of death shines.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_ironabacus_08.ogg}} '''Mr. Iron Abacus:''' I see, yes... Which way will the sea breeze be blowin'?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The breeze should be bound for Guyun.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_ironabacus_09.ogg}} '''Mr. Iron Abacus:''' Alright then. Well received, I will go and make arrangements. Ahem...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Great! I think that wraps up everything we needed to do in Liyue Harbor. Let's head back and wait for the delivery.
:{{DIcon}} That's it? But where's our fish?
::{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha, I thought we were pretty clear, weren't we?
:{{DIcon}} What did all those riddles mean?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The three people we just met are our business partners. Nei's Professional Fishmonger's and Wai's Amateur Fishmonger's are just cover names.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The bass, obviously, is the code name for the goods. The numbers of teeth, swim bladders, and scales all represent different specifications.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Meanwhile, the conversation I had with the warehouse keeper was the instructions for the deal itself. Lemme translate it for you...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Tonight at midnight, the deal will take place in Guyun Stone Forest. The Alcor will wait there as long as needed.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' As for what the actual goods are, well, you'll see tonight.
:{{DIcon}} This is all so mysterious... is it as shady as it seems?
:{{DIcon}} We're not doing anything illegal here, are we?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' What if I were to say yes? What would you do then?
:{{DIcon}} Try and persuade Ningguang to give you a light sentence...
:{{DIcon}} Pretend I didn't see anything...
:{{DIcon}} I need to think about it...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_14.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hahahaha, thank you, {{Traveler}}. But don't worry, everything will be fine.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_15.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I deeply value you as a friend, but ultimately, you're not with The Crux.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_16.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I definitely don't want to cause you any trouble just because you hung out with me.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905205_beidou_17.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So rest assured, we haven't broken any laws &mdash; at least not today.
{{Dialogue End}}

===A Strange Transaction===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Mr. Iron Abacus)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_ironabacus_01.ogg}} '''Mr. Iron Abacus:''' Captain Beidou. You gave me quite the surprise when you showed up in person earlier today.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_beidou_01a.ogg}} {{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_beidou_01b.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Well, my friend is visiting, so I wanted to show {{MC|m=him|f=her}} how The Crux handles some of its important business.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_ironabacus_02.ogg}} '''Mr. Iron Abacus:''' I see. You two must be close.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You got that right! Now, down to business.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Have you brought the goods?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_ironabacus_03.ogg}} '''Mr. Iron Abacus:''' Yep, all here. Please, feel free to take stock.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_yijian_01.ogg}} '''[[Yijian]]:''' Stop! Nobody move!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_yijian_02.ogg}} '''Yijian:''' We have received certain information pertaining to a potential illegal business transaction at this location.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_yijian_03.ogg}} '''Yijian:''' Apologies, Captain Beidou, but I'm going to need to inspect those goods.
:{{DIcon}} (Oh no. Should I run for it?)
:{{DIcon}} (Oh no. Should I distract him while Beidou retreats?)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Oh? An illegal business transaction, you say? All the goods are here. If you have any suspicions, please inspect them at your leisure.
:{{Black Screen|The Millelith checks the goods.}}
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_guian_01.ogg}} '''[[Gui'an]]:''' C&mdash;Captain, everything's been checked. It's just a bunch of potatoes, flour, and so on, and... all the paperwork checks out too.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_yijian_04.ogg}} '''Yijian:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_gongjun_01.ogg}} '''[[Gongjun]]:''' Everything's been checked thrice over... there's not a single contraband item here. The paperwork was approved by the Ministry of Civil Affairs and the tax declarations are all in order...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Looks like you've managed to clear everything up &mdash; I suppose we can put this down as a simple misunderstanding?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_yijian_05.ogg}} '''Yijian:''' Yes, apologies... this was a mistake on our end.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_yijian_06.ogg}} '''Yijian:''' C'mon, let's go!
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_ironabacus_04.ogg}} '''Mr. Iron Abacus:''' Bravo, Captain Beidou. This was rather ingenious.
:{{DIcon}} Wait a second. What's going on?
:{{DIcon}} All this mystery over some potatoes and flour?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_ironabacus_05.ogg}} '''Mr. Iron Abacus:''' Seems like your friend still has a little catching up to do.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hahahaha, I know you have a lot of questions, {{Traveler}}. Come on, take a walk with me, and I'll lay it all out for you.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905206_ironabacus_06.ogg}} '''Mr. Iron Abacus:''' I'll leave you both to it. Captain Beidou, I look forward to doing business with you again. Take care.

;(Take a walk by the beach with Beidou)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905210_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You probably thought that there was some sort of nefarious business going on behind all the secrecy today.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905210_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' The truth is, that was exactly what I wanted the Ministry of Civil Affairs to believe.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905210_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' What you might not know is that I, as the leader of The Crux fleet, and you, the great hero of Liyue Harbor...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905210_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' ...have both been on the Ministry of Civil Affairs' watch list for a long time.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905210_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' In other words, whenever you or I crop up in Liyue Harbor, it almost always draws their attention.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905210_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Not that there's any animosity behind it, mind you. In their words, it's a security precaution to prevent people like us from causing unnecessary trouble.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905210_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hah, I have no qualms about that. They're just doing their job, keeping the land safe.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905210_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But how does that saying go again? Ah yes: Sometimes, the closer you are to something, the less you can see.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905210_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Did you figure it out yet? That's right, Mora-Grubber, the accountant.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905210_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' With you, me, and a few sacks of potatoes and flour serving as a front, the deal she's overseeing on her end should go off without a hitch.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905210_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' After all, the Ministry of Civil Affairs sent the Millelith to us.

;(Talk to Beidou)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Looking at the time, it should be any second now.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Look, that's the signal!
:;(Turning around to where Beidou is looking, the Traveler witnesses a single firework streak into the sky above the [[Domain of Guyun]] and explode.)
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha, tonight's real deal is officially done.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Do you have any more questions?
:{{DIcon}} I have a feeling Ningguang is not so easy to fool.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_05.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You're right. Never underestimate her. But as long as we don't take things too far, she won't look into it too closely.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_06.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' She knows that neither you nor I would do anything to harm Liyue.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_07.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' In any case, there's another higher-level watch list at the Ministry of Civil Affairs above the one we're on. It's top-secret. Even I don't know whose names are on it.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_08.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But I do know that the individuals and organizations on that list are the ones the Qixing are really wary of.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_09.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Haha, I've gotten off-topic. On some level, Ningguang and I are actually business partners too.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_10.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Reason being, I'm the only one who can get her some of the more obscure treasures she wants.
:{{DIcon}} What is the real deal?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_11.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' It's complicated.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_12.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' All you need to know is that what might be easily attainable for some people can often be a lifesaver for others who can't get their hands on it.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_13.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' That's where we come in. It's as simple as that.
:{{DIcon}} Do you mean... weapons?
:{{DIcon}} Do you mean... medicine?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_14.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Hahahaha...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_15.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' {{Traveler}}... you still have some important things to take care of, don't you?
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_16.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' As long as you don't know what I was referring to, you'll be safe.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_17.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' So I'm sorry, but I can't tell you for now.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_18.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Of course, if the day comes when you've traveled to every corner of the world, found your sibling, and neatly tied up all your loose ends along the way...
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_19.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You are welcome to come back here, and I will tell you all about it.
:{{A|vo_bdcop001_1905207_beidou_20.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' You will always be welcome in the Crux Fleet. I hope I get to see you onboard again someday.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: Once Everything is Over===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Once Everything Is Over
|character       = Beidou
|act             = 1
|description     = Beidou hopes to see you onboard again someday.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Beneath the Surface
|zhs     = 海面之下
|zhs_rm  = Hǎimiàn Zhīxià
|zht     = 海面之下
|zht_rm  = Hǎimiàn Zhīxià
|zh_tl   = Beneath the Sea Level
|ja      = 海面の下
|ja_rm   = Kaimei no Shita
|ja_tl   = Below the Sea Level
|ko      = 해수면 아래
|ko_tl   = Below the Sea Level
|es      = Bajo la superficie
|es_tl   = Beneath the Surface
|fr      = Sous la surface
|fr_tl   = Beneath the Surface
|ru      = В морских глубинах
|ru_tl   = In the Sea Depths
|th      = ภายใต้ผืนทะเล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Dưới Mặt Biển
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unter der Meeresoberfläche
|de_tl   = Under the Ocean Surface
|id      = Di Bawah Permukaan
|id_tl   = Beneath the Surface
|pt      = Sob o Oceano
|pt_tl   = Beneath the Ocean
|tr      = Yüzeyin Altında
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sotto la superficie
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}