{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75001
|image         = World Quest Beneath the Crystal Rock.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Shadows of the Mountains
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Little One; Paimon; Titu; Traveler; Yukom
|startLocation = [[Tequemecan Valley]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = 
|prev          = 
|next          = Peace to the Slumbering
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*400;Primogem*50;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|rep           = "Children of Echoes"
|repAmt        = 200
|repOrder      = 97
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Beneath the Crystal Rock''''' is a [[World Quest]] in {{Location|Tequemecan Valley}}.

==Steps==
* Start the quest by talking to [[Titu]] or by completing a Lesser Shadow Pin challenge.
# Go to the Lesser Shadow Pin with Titu
# Touch the golden inscription
# Talk to Titu
# Repair the inscription
#* Break the Engraved Stone Pillar to collect the inscription's power
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp|x=2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound;Rockfond Rifthound Whelp}}
# Talk to Titu
# Go to the Lesser Shadow Pin with Titu
# Examine the Lesser Shadow Pin
# Repair the inscription
#* {{Enemy|Anemo Hilichurl Rogue|x=1}}
# Find the inscription(s) scattered in other locations
# Search for the inscription(s)
# Find a way down
# Continue exploring
# Find a way to touch the inscription
# Follow the inscription back to the Lesser Shadow Pin
# Complete the sealing ritual
#* Break the Engraved Stone Pillar to collect the inscription's power
# Talk to Titu
# Head to the last Lesser Shadow Pin
# Examine the Lesser Shadow Pin
# Investigate the area beneath the canyon
# Defeat the opponents
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp*2;Rockfond Rifthound Whelp}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Forged Sand Shieldbreaker*2/Abyss-corrupted Nightsoul variant;Rockfond Rifthound Whelp}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Tepetlisaurus Warrior: Shard Striker/Abyss-corrupted Nightsoul variant;Forged Sand Shieldbreaker/Abyss-corrupted Nightsoul variant;Forged Sand Interrogator/Abyss-corrupted Nightsoul variant}}
# Talk to Titu

==Gameplay Notes==
* The player can indwell a [[Tepetlisaurus]] or use a [[Children of Echoes]] character to complete a Lesser Shadow Pin challenge.
* During step 20, [[Little One]] will fight alongside the player.
* Completing this quest awards the {{Achievement|Okay, No More Corny Jokes...}}.
* A {{Item|Red Metal Key}} can be found while exploring the Waterlogged Ruins. It can be used to unlock a gate in an alcove southwest of the second Lesser Shadow Pin, leading to two [[Common Chest]]s and a [[Precious Chest]].

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Verify conditional dialogue<br>(For verification of a certain dialogue branch, we need someone who: Starts the quest by talking with Titu first, but then completes the 2nd Lesser Shadow Pin before the 1st.)}}
{{Quest Description|Help Titu resolve the Shadow Pin issue and reinforce the seal placed upon the [[Abyss]].}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Titu)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Titu:''' Shadow Pins, hmmm... Shadow Pins...

;(If the player started the quest by talking to Titu)<!-- conditional dialogue; text differs slightly if you fight? him to start the quest??? -->
::'''???:''' ...This is a big problem. Man, haha, what terrible luck! Still, wouldn't this make for a pretty interesting story opener?
::'''???:''' "Titu, the tribe's old storyteller, spoke of what he had seen: On the day of that great earthquake, he saw the giant Shadow Pin plunge beneath the earth &mdash; and that was how all the calamities began..."
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa. This person sure is spouting some scary stuff.
::'''???:''' Ah, yes. "You've sure gotten slow. Didn't even notice them until they were right under your nose." That line's from a story I read recently. Made a real impression on me.
::'''???:''' Still, if you ask me, eavesdropping isn't usually considered a sign of virtue.
::'''Paimon:''' Don't blame us, you were the one talking super loudly.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
::'''???:''' Really? Well, that makes things awkward... And hey! C'mon, little fella, why are you backing these outlanders? Just whose side are you on?
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr... Rawrr!
::'''???:''' Alright, alright... Still, it's quite the strange little ensemble. Two outlanders and a special little Tepetlisaurus. That social studies bookworm sure would love to see this.
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, you can understand what {{Little One}}'s saying?
::'''???:''' Understand [[Saurian]]-speak? Haha, you've got to be kidding me. No one can do that! What do you think they'd say anyway? "Hello, my name is {{Little One}}"?
::'''???:''' But I'm one of the Children of Echoes, and we're always around Tepetlisaurs. You can figure out what they're trying to communicate from their eyes, their expressions, and the humming noises they make.
::'''???:''' Anyway, introductions are in order. Titu... That's my name.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon's Paimon.
::{{DIcon}} I'm {{Traveler}}...
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
::{{DIcon}} And this is {{Little One}}.
:;(If the player did not speak to [[Yukom]])
:::'''Titu:''' Since we've introduced ourselves without a fight, that makes us friends... and word of advice from a friend &mdash; this place is dangerous. Why don't you head over to the [[People of the Springs]] instead?
:::'''Titu:''' They've got it all over there: hot springs, relaxing music, chicks and hunks in swimsuits, the works. All we've got here is a couple of huge stone pillars. It even sounds boring...
:;(If the player has spoken to [[Yukom]])
:::'''Titu:''' Haha, alright then. Here in Natlan, those who exchange names but not blows are considered friends &mdash; and friends we shall be!
:::'''Paimon:''' Titu, you say... Oh, so you're Titu! We met a sentry on our way here named Yukom, who wanted you to get back to your post!
:::'''Titu:''' Oh, so he was the one taking the shift before mine... *sigh* Unfortunately, he'll have to wait a little longer. I feel for him, but I've got something more important to take care of right now.
:::'''Paimon:''' And what's that important matter? Standing around?
:::'''Titu:''' Ah, you don't understand, little outlander Paimon. This is a critical yet boring place &mdash; though it is filled with naught but stone pillars, my presence alone is itself key.
::{{DIcon}} Whoa, now those are big stone pillars!
:::'''Titu:''' Uh, that's... not the response I expected. In fact, that's a worrying amount of excitement about... *sigh* big stone pillars...
::{{DIcon}} Then what are you doing here?
:::'''Titu:''' I'm "caring" for this particular pillar.
::'''Titu:''' It's been doing poorly of late, I'm afraid. "The Shadow Pin's spirit was weakening, and the shadow it should have pinned in place would soon silently slip away..."
::'''Titu:''' Hmm. You know what? That would make a good starting point for a story.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Ehrrr?
::'''Titu:''' Ah, sorry, got a bit carried away thinking about stories there. {{Rubi|Telling tales|storyteller}} is my responsibility here in the tribe, and after so many years, it's time for me to come up with some originals.
::'''Titu:''' And of course, something just had to go wrong with the Shadow Pin just as I was a few days into my musing... Because why would it ever rain when it could pour?
::{{DIcon}} So, will the rock fall down?
::{{DIcon}} "He saw the giant Shadow Pin plunge beneath the earth"...
::'''Titu:''' Now fair warning, that bit's just speculation. Things might not have gotten that bad yet...
::'''Titu:''' But some accident has indeed happened with this Pin &mdash; one I can do nothing about.
::'''Paimon:''' Is there really nothing you can do?
::'''Titu:''' Well, I could make a record of it all, as an eyewitness. That way I'd also have a new tale, I guess.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Roawr...
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, you've just given up already?
::'''Paimon:''' Actually, there's something else Paimon wanted to ask. Why's the stone called a Shadow Pin? And what's this "shadow"?
::'''Titu:''' *sigh* Were I telling the children a story, I'd say that the [[Wayob]] hung the Pins here to pin the shadow of the [[Abyss|Volcano Lord]] in place...
::'''Titu:''' But that which is sealed beneath them is, in truth, the Abyss.
::'''Titu:''' That's how most tales in Natlan are. They're embellished narratives held up as warnings, and all their rhetoric is a kind of metaphor.
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, so you mean the Abyss is actually sealed below here!?
::'''Titu:''' That's right. And two out of three small Shadow Pins have recently floated up. Perhaps when the third floats too, all the evil beneath the earth will come surging up like a tide.
::{{DIcon}} You have three of these!?
:::'''Titu:''' Three small and one large, actually, and this is the big one. The others look nothing like this.
::{{DIcon}} Ooh, so there's still three more big stone pillars!
:::'''Titu:''' Friend... Don't mind me, but where does your interest in stone pillars come from? Also, let me remind you, the three Lesser Shadow Pins aren't anywhere near this large.
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, if the story's true, can't we just solve the problem by pushing the two pillars that have floated up back down?
::'''Titu:''' *sigh* What an amazing idea &mdash; ah, if only you were the first to think of it.
::'''Titu:''' In fact, Lesser Shadow Pins have floated in the past, and according to the stories, that's exactly how it was handled. Things are trickier this time, though...
::{{DIcon}} ...Where the Abyss is involved, we can't stand idle.
::{{DIcon}} Perhaps I could lend a hand?
::'''Paimon:''' That's right. We've solved a whole bunch of similar problems before. We're experts now!
::'''Titu:''' Really? Not that I'm doubting your abilities &mdash; that much I could tell just from how you move, {{Traveler}}...
::'''Titu:''' I mean to say, are you really willing to help? Since it's the Abyss we're talking about, even I can't say for sure how dangerous things could get.
::{{DIcon}} Ooh, so scary. I regret everything. And alas! Now my stomach suddenly hurts...
:::'''Paimon:''' H&mdash;Hey, stop it! And Paimon just complimented you, too! Also, your acting is terrible!
::{{DIcon}} Oh dear, I do so fear, that danger's the only one for me.
:::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, we... No, that's not right! We've done a whole bunch of things that aren't dangerous too... Wait... Paimon's not sure what she's trying to say...
::'''Paimon:''' Anyway, the point is that we'll help!
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
::'''Paimon:''' See? {{Little One}} agrees as well!
::'''Titu:''' Ah, like a flame that appears in the darkness, so too will heroes rise up in times of great peril. Human possibility shines through in glory at moments such as this.
::'''Titu:''' You know what? This could make for a great story, too &mdash; indeed, {{Traveler}}, you've got some traits that even those storied heroes don't have. I'm looking forward to this, I must say.
::'''Titu:''' Let's go, then, dear heroes. Let's go and check on our floating Shadow Pins.

;(If the player started the quest by completing a Lesser Shadow Pin challenge)
::'''???:''' Well now, and here I'd thought to come over and check on the frightening noises I'd heard...
::'''???:''' Telling myself "Come on, Titu, it's probably nothing"... But this is quite something! Quite something indeed!
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
::'''???:''' There's even a little Tepetlisaurus here... Was it you who brought these outlanders here, then?
::'''???:''' And... was it you who brought this Shadow Pin down?
::{{DIcon}} ...Should we not have done that?
:::'''Paimon:''' Eh? Wait, did we do something bad, {{Traveler}}? If we act fast, while there's only one witness...
:::'''???:''' Haha, come on, no need for that! It's not serious, and if anything, I'd say you've done us a favor! So, you're {{Traveler}}, then? Who's your friend over there?
:::'''Paimon:''' Paimon's Paimon!
::{{DIcon}} Paimon did it. I was just walking over here...
:::'''Paimon:''' Hey! You're always like that! Paimon'll get mad if you don't cut it out!
:::'''???:''' Haha, relax. If anything, this is a huge relief. So your name's Paimon, then? In that case, how about this good {{MC|m=fellow|f=lady}} over here?
:::{{DIcon}} Call me {{Traveler}}.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
::{{DIcon}} And this is {{Little One}}.
::'''???:''' And Titu's my name, a {{Rubi|teller of tales|storyteller}} for our tribe. I'm also responsible for "caring" for the stone pillars in this valley.
:;(If the player did not speak to [[Yukom]])
:::'''Titu:''' And of course, this Shadow Pin you've plunged into the earth is one of three little pins, and its care is within my jurisdiction.
:;(If the player has spoken to Yukom)
:::'''Paimon:''' Oh, so you're Titu! We met a sentry on our way here named Yukom, who wanted you to get back to your post!
:::'''Titu:''' Oh, so he was the one taking the shift before mine... *sigh* Unfortunately, he'll have to wait a little longer. I feel for him, but I've got something more important to take care of right now.
:::'''Titu:''' These pillars, also named Shadow Pins, are under my jurisdiction, and I must take care of them before things take a turn for the worse.
::'''Paimon:''' J&mdash;Jurisdiction... Uh oh, looks like we're going to have to compensate the locals for dropping that stone pillar.
::'''Paimon:''' Ugh, Paimon wouldn't have used our real name's {{sic|}} if she'd known sooner.
::'''Titu:''' Compensate... "Titu had a flash of inspiration. Perhaps he might use this to coerce these people into helping him achieve his goals..."
::'''Titu:''' That's how I'd slot a bit like this into the plot, anyway.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Hmm?
::'''Titu:''' Ah, sorry, got a bit carried away thinking about stories there. I've been telling them in our tribe for so many years, and now it's finally reached the point that I need to come up with some originals.
::'''Titu:''' And of course, something just had to go wrong with the Shadow Pin just as I was a few days into my musing... Because why would it ever rain when it could pour?
::'''Titu:''' Ahem! Anyway, I'm not gonna blackmail you. I&mdash;I mean, I wouldn't have spoken my thoughts aloud if that was the case, right?
::'''Titu:''' Look, we exchanged names, but we haven't come to blows, so that makes us friends, yes?
::'''Titu:''' In that case... could you listen to a friend's request?
::{{DIcon}} Sure... as long as it doesn't involve compensation.
::'''Titu:''' No, no, surely not! Hmm, how should I put this? ... When you passed through the valley, did you see some sort of giant block of solid [[phlogiston]] with golden patterns carved into it?
::'''Titu:''' It's in the center of this place. You can't miss it.
::{{DIcon}} That rings a bell...
::{{DIcon}} Nope, don't recall anything like that...
:::'''Titu:''' Huh. I thought it was obvious enough. That's fine, though.
::'''Titu:''' This whole business I'm talking about has to do with that huge stone pillar. We call it a Shadow Pin... and we've had problems with it recently.
::'''Titu:''' To be honest, I'd all but given up before meeting you. "Let's just have the stone pillar problem cause the tribe's destruction. That story would work too, right?"
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, it's just a stone pillar. How could it destroy the whole tribe? That seems kinda ridiculous...
::'''Paimon:''' Also, what's so special about these "Shadow Pins" anyway? And the one we dropped, it was a... lesser pin? But it seemed pretty big to Paimon, so why's it called that?
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Hmm?
::'''Titu:''' Hmm... Since you're both outlanders, I suppose a more detailed explanation is in order. This is related to a legend handed down through our tribe.
::'''Titu:''' The stories say that the Wayob hung the Pins here to seal the shadow of the Volcano Lord...
::'''Titu:''' But that which is sealed beneath them is, in truth, the Abyss.
::'''Titu:''' That's how most tales in Natlan are. They're embellished narratives held up as warnings, and all their rhetoric is a kind of metaphor.
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, so you mean the Abyss is actually sealed below here!?
::'''Titu:''' That's right. And recently, two out of the three little Shadow Pins have floated upward. Perhaps if the third floats too, all the evil beneath the earth will come surging up like a tide.
::'''Titu:''' So to be honest, it's an unexpected boon that you've managed to push one back in. So, no compensation required.
::'''Titu:''' If anything, I was hoping to ask if you'd mind pushing the other one back in as well...
::'''Paimon:''' Huh... What do you think, {{Traveler}}...?
::{{DIcon}} ...Where the Abyss is involved, we can't stand idle.
::{{DIcon}} Perhaps I could lend a hand?
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
::'''Paimon:''' Even you're up for it, {{Little One}}? Well, alright then.
::'''Titu:''' Ah, like a flame that appears in the darkness, so too will heroes rise up in times of great peril. Human possibility shines through in glory at moments such as this.
::'''Titu:''' You know what? This could make for a great story, too &mdash; indeed, {{Traveler}}, you've got some traits that even those storied heroes don't have. I'm looking forward to this, I must say.
::'''Titu:''' Let's go, then, dear heroes. Let's go and check on the last floating Lesser Pin...

----
;(Talk to [[Yukom]], optional)
:'''Yukom:''' *sigh* How did it go? Did you find Titu?
:'''Yukom:''' Ugh, that guy... He's a good storyteller, I'll give him that &mdash; but he's just no good as a guard.

;(If the player has already completed the first Lesser Shadow Pin challenge, skip to "Approach the second shadow pin")

;(Approach the inscription)
:;(If the player did not complete the second Lesser Shadow Pin challenge)
:::'''Titu:''' Ah, first we'll need to touch that... Do you see it, {{Traveler}}, that gold pattern in the air?
:;(If the player has already completed the second Lesser Shadow Pin challenge)
:::'''Titu:''' Ah, well first, you'll need to touch the gold [[Iridescent Inscription]]... But seeing as you've already pressed down the Lesser Shadow Pin, you must have already come into contact with that.

;(Touch the inscription)<!-- more conditional dialogue -->
:;(If the player did not complete the second Lesser Shadow Pin challenge)
:::'''Titu:''' This is the first of the Lesser Shadow Pins. The condensed solid phlogiston lies scattered...
:::'''Titu:''' And the Iridescent Inscription on it has lost its constraining powers. *sigh* Just as before, the Abyss's influence has squeezed it out of the stone pillar.
:::'''Paimon:''' By "Iridescent Inscription," do you mean that shiny golden stuff we saw just now?
:;(If the player has already completed the second Lesser Shadow Pin challenge)
:::'''Paimon:''' An Iridescent Inscription... So, that shiny golden stuff has a name...
:{{DIcon}} Now that you mention it, I think we've seen them before...
:'''Titu:''' You have? In Natlan? That's not something that ordinary travelers or adventurers often see...
:'''Titu:''' Ancient legends tell that before the idea of Natlan was even born, when this land was ruled by the ancient [[dragon]]s, the language by which they wielded phlogiston was these Iridescent Inscriptions.
:'''Titu:''' These days, none understand the meaning hidden in these lights. Only the golden engravings, scattered across Natlan, remain to mark the trail of those ancient dragons.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, so you know how to work it, but not how it works?
:'''Titu:''' We cannot decipher the meaning of the inscriptions, but the ways we use phlogiston are the same, so we do understand it on that level. Let me try to explain...
:'''Titu:''' So, [[Liyue]] has those mysterious [[Adepti|adeptal]] mechanisms, yes? And while humans don't know the principles underlying their function, they can still make use of them.
:'''Titu:''' That's more or less what I'm talking about, despite the imperfect analogy.
;(If the player did not complete the second Lesser Shadow Pin challenge)
::'''Paimon:''' S&mdash;So that's how things are...
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rroo...
;(If the player has already completed the second Lesser Shadow Pin challenge)
::'''Paimon:''' S&mdash;So that's it...
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Oroo...
:{{DIcon}} What is it?
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} Is your stomach upset?
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Hrrr?
::'''Paimon:''' C'mon, does this even look like a stomach problem!?
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}}... Do you like those shiny golden things?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} They're not for eating, though.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doubts they could be eaten anyway... But still, watch what you chow down on, alright?
;(If the player did not complete the second Lesser Shadow Pin challenge)
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rroo...
;(If the player has already completed the second Lesser Shadow Pin challenge)
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrooh...
:'''Paimon:''' So much to say that we'll need this shiny Iridescent Inscription to push the Pin back down, right?
:'''Titu:''' Correct. Think of the Inscription as an eggshell that has been shattered by the expanding Abyss. We'll need to find the broken shards and fix the shell &mdash; only then can the Abyss within be sealed away...
:'''Titu:''' Huh. That's a better analogy than the last.
;(If the player did not complete the second Lesser Shadow Pin challenge)
::'''Paimon:''' A-greed! That was super easy to understand. Alright then, let's begin!
::'''Titu:''' ...If you're ready, {{Traveler}}, please touch the inscription beneath the Pin. We've got to collect as much of the inscription's power &mdash; scattered as it is around the stone pillars &mdash; as we can.
;(If the player has already completed the second Lesser Shadow Pin challenge)
::'''Paimon:''' A-greed! That was way simpler to get!
::'''Paimon:''' Still, this was easier than our last go-around. We lost loads of time running around looking for scattered golden patterns earlier!
::'''Titu:''' Wait, what? You mean, at the last Pin you saw... Oh no. Can't we even guarantee the integrity of the Iridescent Inscriptions anymore?
::'''Paimon:''' Seems so... Wait, so this "complete" version is the more common state, then?
::'''Titu:''' ...I must say I'm impressed that you managed to repair one in such a state...
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, we're pros at this, don't you worry!
::'''Titu:''' And that's good to hear. Well, if you're ready, {{Traveler}}, please touch the inscription beneath the Pin. We've got to collect as much of the inscription's power &mdash; scattered as it is around the stone pillars &mdash; as we can.
:'''Titu:''' Of course, the Abyss will resist, so... please be careful.

;(Talk to Titu again, optional)
:'''Titu:''' What's wrong, {{Traveler}}? Just touch the Iridescent Inscription beneath the Lesser Shadow Pin if you want to start gathering the inscription's power.
:'''Titu:''' Be sure to stay safe, though...

;(Tip)
:Indwell a {{Color|bp|Tepetlisaurus}} to start the challenge

;(While repairing the inscription)
:'''Titu:''' Please break the spikes of those transparent crystals. The power of the Iridescent Inscription seems to have transformed the Solid Phlogiston... into something like that.
:'''Titu:''' But the power of the Inscription is also hidden within.

;(After breaking the first set of spikes)
:'''The Abyss interferes!'''
:'''Titu:''' The power of the Abyss has grown. We have to get the Iridescent Inscription fixed before it starts to have an effect... Be careful!

;(After breaking all spikes)
;(If the player did not speak to Titu)
::'''Defeat the enemies impeding the inscription's restoration'''
;(If the player spoke to Titu)
::'''Paimon:''' Eek! Watch out, enemies incoming... Looks like you'll have to take care of them too, {{Traveler}}.

;(If the player fails the challenge or leaves the area)
:'''Titu:''' It's no good, the power of the Abyss has begun to take effect... We have no choice but to wait for it to subside, then try again.

----
;(If the player has already completed the second Lesser Shadow Pin challenge, skip to "After completing the second challenge")

;(After completing the first challenge)
:'''Titu:''' I can't believe that worked. That was truly a scene from out of story and song.
:'''Titu:''' The cacophony fell silent... and the Pin returned to its original state. Then, its giant form crashed to the ground...
:'''Titu:''' Hoo... To think that someone could really accomplish this... This isn't a dream, is it? You're all real, aren't you? Not figments of my imagination?
:{{DIcon}} Wake up, wake up... You've got to fix this yourself!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, there's no need to be so mean.
:'''Paimon:''' But anyway, didn't Paimon tell you? {{Traveler}}'s super strong!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, you think so, don'cha, {{Little One}}?
:'''Titu:''' You weren't affected by the Abyss, were you, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Relax, it's just the Abyss...
:{{DIcon}} I'm alright for now.
:'''Titu:''' Even our strongest warriors must remain vigilant and then some in the face of the Abyss. You're no ordinary person, {{Traveler}}.
:'''Titu:''' Haha, who knows, the story I spin from this material might even surpass those by [[Sanhaj]]!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Ehrrr?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, that sure sounds impressive, but who's Sanhaj?
:'''Titu:''' Haha, for "those who tell stories in their tribes," Sanhaj of the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] is worthy of reverence indeed...
:'''Titu:''' Alas, time is short. I'll tell you more about Sanhaj when we've got more time!
:'''Titu:''' Alright then. Let's head for the next floating Shadow Pin. I want to fix this issue and start writing by nightfall!
:'''Paimon:''' Woohoo! Let's go, let's go!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
----
;(Approach the second shadow pin)
;(If the player did not touch the Iridescent Inscription)
::'''Titu:''' {{Traveler}}, just like before, don't forget to touch that...
::'''Paimon:''' Iridescent Inscription? We got it!
;(If the player has already touched the Iridescent Inscription)
::'''Titu:''' I recall that the Iridescent Inscription was over there...
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, it must be that gold pattern we touched before!

;(Interact with the inscription)
;(If the player did not reactivate the second Lesser Shadow Pin){{Verify}}
:;(If the player did not complete the first Lesser Shadow Pin challenge before speaking to Titu)
:::'''Paimon:''' Strange... The golden patterns flew right over, just as before, but the Inscription hasn't appeared beneath this pillar... Why's that?
:;(If the player completed the first Lesser Shadow Pin challenge before speaking to Titu)
:::'''Titu:''' There we go! That's the second Lesser Shadow Pin!
:::'''Titu:''' The seals around this Pin have been damaged far more than the first... Even the Iridescent Inscription has been pushed outside the pillar.
:::'''Paimon:''' So {{sic|that what's}} you call that shiny, golden thing...
:::{{DIcon}} Now that you mention it, I think we've seen them before...
:::'''Titu:''' That's right. There should have been something similar on the Pin you pushed back into the ground earlier.
:::'''Titu:''' Ancient legends tell that before the idea of Natlan was even born, when this land was ruled by the ancient dragons, the language by which they wielded phlogiston was these Iridescent Inscriptions.
:::'''Titu:''' These days, none understand the meaning hidden in these lights. Only the golden engravings, scattered across Natlan, remain to mark the trail of those ancient dragons.
:::'''Paimon:''' Wait, so you know how to work it, but not how it works?
:::'''Titu:''' We cannot decipher the meaning of the inscriptions, but the ways we use phlogiston are the same, so we do understand it on that level. Let me try to explain...
:::'''Titu:''' So, Liyue has those mysterious adeptal mechanisms, yes? And while humans don't know the principles underlying their function, they can still make use of them.
:::'''Titu:''' That's more or less what I'm talking about, despite the imperfect analogy.
:::'''Paimon:''' So much to say that we'll need this shiny Iridescent Inscription to push the Pin back down, right?
:::'''Titu:''' Correct. Think of the Inscription as an eggshell that has been shattered by the expanding Abyss. We'll need to find the broken shards and fix the shell &mdash; only then can the Abyss within be sealed away...
:::'''Titu:''' Huh. That's a better analogy than the last.
:::'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks so too! Now she gets it.
:::'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, the golden patterns flew right over, just like before, but the Inscription hasn't appeared beneath this pillar... Why's that?
::'''Titu:''' That indicates that not only has the Inscription been squeezed out, but it's also become fragmented... This is bad. We need to find any scattered bits, and fast.
::'''Paimon:''' So, where do we find them?
::'''Titu:''' ...I don't know either.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh...
::'''Titu:''' They should still be held down by some power despite being scattered, so my guess is that they're nearby. Maybe we just need to look around...
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr, rawr!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm? You wanna go over? We're doing something important right now &mdash; we'll play with you later, alright?
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Mrrraa... Rawr! Rawr!
::{{DIcon}} Do you mean that the Inscription is over there?
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
::'''Titu:''' Oh wow! I've heard that even now, there are still Saurians who can sense an Inscription's power, but I always thought it was hearsay &mdash; could it be true?
::'''Titu:''' I suppose you really are no ordinary Tepetlisaurus, {{Little One}}.
::'''Paimon:''' So you can do that too, huh? ...Hmph! You've got some way to go before you can be as good a guide as Paimon.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Hmm?
::{{DIcon}} Paimon's jealous.
:::'''Paimon:''' Says who? Paimon's way more broad-minded than she looks! That was just her way of praising him!
::{{DIcon}} See, Paimon's praising you!
:::'''Paimon:''' Well, that's true, but don't let it go to your head now...
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Err... Err?
::'''Paimon:''' *sigh* The little guy didn't catch that at all. Bah, if only he was a little smarter...
::{{DIcon}} I'm sure he'll understand someday...
::'''Titu:''' Precisely. Those in the tribe responsible for Saurian care always say that it takes time to truly establish a rapport with them.
::'''Titu:''' The secret to success is as follows &mdash; exercise patience, and constantly communicate. Whether humans wish to understand Saurians, or Saurians humans, they both need... lots and lots of time.
::'''Paimon:''' True... Just like Paimon didn't get what {{Little One}} was trying to tell us just now either.
::'''Paimon:''' Sorry, {{Little One}}.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrraa, Rawr!
::'''Paimon:''' You're quick to reply though, Paimon'll give you that!
::'''Paimon:''' Alright, we'll follow you and see if we can find any golden patterns.

;(If the player has already reactivated the second Lesser Shadow Pin)<!-- Appears only if starting the quest by talking to Titu and then completing the second Lesser Shadow Pin before the first. -->}}
::'''Titu:''' There we go! That's the second Lesser Shadow Pin!
::'''Titu:''' But if memory serves, the seals around this second one should be far more badly damaged than the ones on the first...
::'''Titu:''' Did things change for the better, or was there some kind soul who...
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, the kind souls you're talking about are right here!
::{{DIcon}} That's right. We found the Iridescent Inscription earlier.
::'''Paimon:''' It was split into two parts, and hidden real deep to boot!
::'''Titu:''' Haha, is that so... To think that the toughest of the Pins to fix was... Ah! Surely, a star of good fortune shines upon me this day&mdash;
::'''Titu:''' &mdash;That I was able to meet you.
::'''Titu:''' Either way, no time to lose! Let's head under the Shadow Pin and have a look at things!
:;(Skip to "Approach the shadow pin"){{Verify|See if the dialogue goes to "Approach the shadow pin", "After completing the second challenge", or a different text}}<!-- Delete this and the text with parentheses from the Stub after verifying -->

;(Approach the mining pit)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, you mean here? But this place is empty...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr, grawrr...
:'''Paimon:''' Dig downwards? Wait, surely the Iridescent Inscription's not down there, is it?

;(Check the glowing spot)
:;(The ground collapses)
:'''Paimon:''' Wah! Be careful!

;(Approach the inscription)
:'''Titu:''' Ah, so the Iridescent Inscription is here after all. {{Traveler}}, all you have to do is go touch it...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? The water suddenly...

;(Approach the lever)
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, seriously? So this guy was the one behind the water rising just now.
:'''Paimon:''' Might that mechanism let us lower the water level?

;(Activate the lever)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? The mechanism's... broken?
:'''Titu:''' These ruins are very, very old... It's a miracle that the water control still works at all.
:'''Titu:''' Looks like we'll have to try to find another way...

;(Touch the inscription)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, it floated away! Surely the eggshell should be complete now?
:'''Titu:''' Well, the Iridescent Inscription should be mended now... Let's head down below the Lesser Shadow Pin to take a look!

;(Approach the shadow pin)
:'''Titu:''' Aha, just as I thought, the Iridescent Inscription is now displayed beneath the Lesser Shadow Pin.
:'''Titu:''' Just like before, to restore the Inscription's power, simply reach out... Reach out and touch it...

;(Start the challenge)
:'''Paimon:''' We need to break those transparent spikes first. Be careful, {{Traveler}}!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!

;(If the Inscription Restoration Progress is close to failing)
:'''The influence of the Abyss is growing. Shatter the transparent spikes to repair the inscription.'''

;(After completing the second challenge)
:'''Titu:''' W&mdash;We did it... The two Shadow Pins have been plunged back into the earth.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Nice work!
:{{DIcon}} Another round of applause couldn't hurt.
:'''Titu:''' I'd clap my hands 'till they fell off if I could &mdash; but then I couldn't write another story, so forgive me for not doing so.
:'''Titu:''' Still, I assure you that in my heart, naught but bones remain attached to my wrists.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Roawr...
:'''Paimon:''' Uhh, yeah. That's getting kinda creepy.
:'''Titu:''' Really? Hmm, and here I thought that kids these days like their stories with a little dash of darkness.
:'''Titu:''' Ah, watching the Shadow Pin burrow back into the ground really takes a load off my soul.
:'''Titu:''' Long-standing tradition dictates that we now only need to check the third Lesser Shadow Pin and the Greater Shadow Pin, and we can call this a job well done. Abyss successfully busted, not to return for a good long time.
:'''Titu:''' The rest of this trip should be quite safe, so feel free to come along and chat with me! I'd like to know the heroes I'm inscribing into our tribe's stories better, you know?
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! In that case, you've gotta say something like this: "The mighty Paimon was as tall as a mountain..."
:{{DIcon}} In that case, I'd like to be as large as two.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr, rawr, rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, whaddya mean by that, little guy? You wanna be as tall as three mountains?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} Ah, {{Little One}}, you truly are a Saurian of prodigious appetites...
:{{DIcon}} No, no. No larger than two.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Ooroo...
:'''Titu:''' Hahaha, sure, sure. In that case, my brave warriors &mdash; Paimon, as tall as a mountain; {{Traveler}}, with the stature of two, and {{Little One}}, who has the bulk of three...
:'''Titu:''' ...Would you kindly come with me, Titu the poor little human-sized dwarf, to check on that last Lesser Shadow Pin?
----
;(Approach the final shadow pin)
:'''Titu:''' Wonderful, it's solid &mdash; almost as if it was grown from the very soil, more robust even than the roots of the [[Mother Flamegranate Tree|great mother-tree]] that grows beneath the [[Scions of the Canopy]]'s mountain cliffs... Now I can head back and take up my shift in peace.
:'''Titu:''' Of the three Lesser Shadow Pins, the most reliable you remained. If I should ever pen a tale about the Pins transforming into lovely tribeswomen, you shall be loveliest amongst them.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Errr?
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, so you were the one most interested in stone pillars all along, huh? Shocking.
:'''Titu:''' Hey, now, that's ignorance speaking. Here in Natlan, we believe that pure spirit and intelligence dwell within all things... For us, "things taking on human form" is a most traditional theme.
:'''Titu:''' For example, the tale of a {{sic|beach}} tree's shadow that transformed into a young woman and a young [[Flower-Feather Clan]] tribesman who fell from the sky... Or the story of a man who was human by day, but would morph into a Saurian under the moonlight at night.
:'''Titu:''' Many are the ways such tales are told, but they're all variations on that same theme I spoke of.
:{{DIcon}} Is that really true?
:{{DIcon}} Sounds a little dubious to me...
:'''Titu:''' *cough* Well, that is what a lot of stories say &mdash; that much, I'll swear to as one who {{Rubi|tells tales|storyteller}}.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, what about the Shadow Pin story, then? There's no real shadow of the Volcano Lord, is there? And if the shadow is the Abyss, then what is a Pin, really?
:'''Titu:''' ...Oh ho, you're a lot sharper than I thought, little Paimon.
:'''Titu:''' Let's see. Where should I start with such a "story"... Long ago, the mountain range where the Children of Echoes made their home was not as it is today... It was more normal, more complete, more lovely.
:'''Titu:''' Everything changed... when [[Cataclysm|the Khaenri'ahn catastrophe]] struck.
:'''Paimon:''' The [[Khaenri'ah]]n catastrophe?
:'''Titu:''' Indeed. Natlan's [[Ley Line]]s were always special and somewhat delicate... and so this calamity brought utter devastation.
:'''Titu:''' They say that the [[Night Kingdom]] was severely damaged in that disaster, and the totem poles' lights grew dim. The Wayob could not hear the tribes' cries...
:'''Titu:''' And up on land, a dark tide of disaster blazed toward the mountain range, brought on by [[Zephaniah|two Khaenri'han]] [[Irizar|soldiers]] &mdash; it was they who were the source of the troubles.
:'''Paimon:''' Khaenri'ahn soldiers?
:'''Titu:''' That's right. At that time, the tribe's leader had gone forth to the lone island in the west to resist the giant beasts. Elder [[Traore]] had no choice but to contend with the Abyss... and those two abject Khaenri'ahns.
:'''Titu:''' Finally, the tribes' warriors and Saurians, exhausting their spirit, flesh, and blood, found a way to use the Iridescent Inscription, fashioning giant stone nails out of solid phlogiston...
:'''Titu:''' And Elder Traore was first to leap into the dark pit, crying, "If the Abyss should ensnare death, let us flip the script! With death and sacrifice, we shall ensnare the Abyss!"
:'''Titu:''' The brave warriors followed him in, and after much sacrifice, the Abyss was, at last, sealed beneath the earth.
:'''Titu:''' This is the true tale of the past. Even the Children of Echoes, who excavate solid phlogiston and gems for a living, know that the phlogiston around the stone nails must remain untouched.
:'''Paimon:''' So that's the story...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rroo...
:'''Paimon:''' That happened five centuries ago... And yet you made it sound like it was something you saw yourself!
:'''Titu:''' That's a storyteller's duty. I love my work... And amongst all the tales I tell, I love the stories of these heroes the most.
:'''Titu:''' I'm not a nimble fellow, nor am I the best fighter. If anything, I'm the furthest thing from a hero.
:'''Titu:''' But when I tell their stories, I feel like I'm right there, traveling, adventuring, and fighting alongside them...
:'''Titu:''' I feel them smile upon me, egging me on, as if standing in the shadows of the bonfires, listening to me as they would a friend bragging of their exploits.
:'''Titu:''' And perhaps that is how I fight alongside them, by ensuring that their stories will be passed down and remembered, from generation to generation.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' ...Hmmm. Wait a second. So what does that elder's story have to do with the Volcano Lord, and why do Shadow Pins have that name?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Hmm?
:'''Titu:''' Hahaha, still thinking about that, Paimon?
:'''Titu:''' It's simple. It's just a little play on words, commonly done in many stories...
:'''Titu:''' It's called a Shadow Pin... because it pins shadows. Easy, right?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Urgh...
:'''Paimon:''' Urgh...
:{{DIcon}} Wow, the two of you made the same noise...
:'''Paimon:''' That's not where Paimon thought this was going...
:;(The sudden sound of stone shattering rocks the ground)
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, what's going on? You're shaking up and down, {{Traveler}}...
:{{DIcon}} It's the ground that's shaking, Paimon.
::{{DIcon}} I blame Titu's awful jape...
:'''Paimon:''' Come on! My joke wasn't that disastrous!
:'''Titu:''' It's the big Shadow Pin. That's where the tremors are coming from.
:'''Titu:''' Something's wrong. Come on. We need to get back there...
:'''Titu:''' Why did this... We drove all three Lesser Pins into the ground, but the Abyss's influence is getting stronger...
:'''Titu:''' That's impossible. The woven scrolls' stories clearly state that...
:{{DIcon}} Things our experiences do not prepare us for do sometimes happen...
:'''Paimon:''' It's more accurate to say that accidents happen so often that even Paimon's stopped being surprised...
:'''Titu:''' Could it be that... some change has overtaken the Abyss surging within the Ley Lines, causing its resistance to grow stronger...
:'''Paimon:''' Either way, it feels like something terrible's happening down there...
:'''Paimon:''' Why don't we try getting a closer look?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Titu:''' P&mdash;Please do, {{Traveler}}...

;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Waah, where did all these monsters come from? Eek, they're pitch black!
:'''Paimon:''' Take care of them, quick!

;(After defeating the first wave of enemies)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, are those... people? Here, of all places?
:'''Titu:''' Watch out! Those are the fabled Nightsoul Warriors who got tangled up with the Abyss...

;(After defeating all enemies)
:'''Titu:''' No, {{Traveler}}, get out of the way! The Shadow Pin up there... It's about to come crashing down!

;(Cutscene plays)
:'''Titu:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, {{Little One}}, are you all unhurt?
:'''Paimon:''' ...Paimon's okay, kinda.
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrooh...
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! You don't look injured, {{Little One}}... Did the big pillar scare you just now?
:{{DIcon}} Good to see that you're okay.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rraaa... Rawr!
::'''Paimon:''' Back in action already? Hehe, you're awesome!
:{{DIcon}} *sniff* I was pretty frightened too...
::'''Paimon:''' There, there, you two, don't be scared. The ever-reliable Paimon is here!
:{{DIcon}} There's no way I'd get injured with that much smoke around.
::'''Paimon:''' What does that even mean...
:'''Titu:''' *cough* Well, that was a lucky break amidst our misfortune. This cloud of smoke is huge &mdash; every bit as large as the plumes of volcanic ash hurled out by the Volcano Lord in the stories.
:'''Paimon:''' Still, Paimon didn't think that the big Shadow Pin would come crashing down and bore such a big hole in the ground...
:'''Titu:''' As to that... *sigh* To be honest, I don't know what comes next.
:'''Titu:''' But, uh, we can always inspect that hole first? For all we know, maybe this isn't too big a deal, right? It would be the right moment for some sort of ironic twist, after all!
:'''Titu:''' You know, like how a bandit finds that the treasure he's spent half his life searching for is actually worthless... Perhaps this place we've guarded for centuries has been empty all along...
:'''Titu:''' Or maybe we'll find that the story of the Shadow Pins is but a five-centuries-old prank that some bored ancestor of ours came up with...
:'''Titu:''' ...Sorry, I know I'm rambling, but... I can't help but be nervous. Either way... I have no clue what we'll find down there.
:'''Titu:''' But still... I... I will go.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, don't worry about it, we'll come with you!
:'''Paimon:''' It... doesn't look too serious. It's just a really big hole, right?
:{{DIcon}} Just the normal kind of big, really. The shape's kinda ugly, too...
:{{DIcon}} I'd only give this hole three stars...
:'''Paimon:''' When did you become some kinda "cavity connoisseur," huh? Sure, we've seen lots of these, but...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rraa, Rraa.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, don't you copy {{MC|m=him|f=her}} when {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s being a bad role model! You don't want to pick up bad habits!
:'''Titu:''' That's where the Greater Shadow Pin fell, it seems. It's gone down much deeper than I imagined. It's almost like...
:{{DIcon}} There was a huge open space down there to begin with...
:'''Titu:''' Right. This huge space can't have appeared because the Shadow Pin fell through it. It must've been here long before, with the Shadow Pin suspended above it...
:'''Titu:''' ...To prevent anything that might crawl up from surfacing, perhaps?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrooh...
:'''Titu:''' Anyway, things look alright over here for now. I'll report this back to the tribe later...
:'''???:''' Hsss... Argh! Ah&mdash;
:'''???:''' Calamity&mdash; Pain&mdash; Save&mdash;
:'''Titu:''' Urgh... Wh&mdash;What was that...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Hroo... Roar...
:{{DIcon}} I heard a voice...
:'''Paimon:''' What's wrong? You all don't look so good &mdash; especially you, Titu...
:'''Titu:''' ...Heh, it's as I feared. The Iridescent Inscription on the Pin must've sensed something down there, causing it to fall.
:'''Titu:''' That legend... is real... The spirits of the [[The Black Serpents|fallen Khaenri'ahn soldiers]] are about to emerge...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Roooawr.
:'''Paimon:''' Titu, are you okay?
:'''Titu:''' Not really, I'm afraid. That voice... So cold, so coarse... Just listening to a few syllables was like running my brain across sandpaper...
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, if it's that bad, why don't you stay here and keep watch? Just to make sure no one falls in and all.
:{{DIcon}} And as for us, we'll go down and see what's happening.
:'''Titu:''' No, you can't! It's dangerous down there. There's no reason you should be put in more peril, and I'll not be the one to do it...
:{{DIcon}} We've exchanged names, but not blows...
::{{DIcon}} That makes us friends.
:'''Titu:''' ...Heh.
:'''Titu:''' So calm in the face of danger... Are you used to it, or is this just the natural result of possessing overwhelming strength?
:'''Titu:''' ...Well, let us go down together, then.
:'''Titu:''' Though I do not have the power to resist the Abyss, as I am one who {{Rubi|tells tales|storyteller}}, I might be of some help regarding that below Natlan's surface.
:'''Titu:''' Besides, to witness things to their completion is a storyteller's duty...
:'''Titu:''' ...But let's take five first. Once we're ready, let's head into this cavernous cavity, shall we?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Drop down, Solid Phlogiston Nail!}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/nfEKPJZfV5E
|caption1 = Beneath the Crystal Rock Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Beneath the Crystal Rock
|zhs      = 在晶岩下
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 在晶岩下
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 晶岩の下で
|ja_rm    = Shougan no Shita de{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = Beneath the Crystal Rock
|ko       = 결정 아래에서
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Bajo suelos de cuarzo
|es_tl    = Beneath Floors of Quartz
|fr       = Sous le cristal
|fr_tl    = Beneath the Crystal
|ru       = Под кристаллом
|ru_tl    = Beneath the Crystal
|th       = ภายใต้หินคริสตัล
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Phía Dưới Khối Tinh Thể
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Unter Kristallfelsen
|de_tl    = Beneath Crystal Rocks
|id       = Di Bawah Batu Permata
|id_tl    = Under the Gemstone
|pt       = Debaixo da Pedra Cristalizada
|pt_tl    = Beneath the Crystallized Rock
|tr       = Kristal Kayanın Altında
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Sotto la roccia di cristallo
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}