{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Bennett
|id             = 368120
|image          = Character Bennett Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Bennett''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
* "Just gotta keep at it..."
* "Treasure..."
* "My stomach hurts..."
* "It's adventure time!"
* "My dads..."

When the player is nearby:
* "My luck's pretty good today!"
* "Hey there!"

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo bennett mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hehe, hey there, (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo bennett mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Looks like my luck is pretty good today!
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It's awesome!
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It sure beats sleeping out in the open when adventuring. Way better!
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' You don't need to find a hole in a tree to rest in, and you don't have to worry about sneak attacks from monsters.
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Rocks crashing from the sky... Whopperflowers popping out of nowhere...
::{{DIcon}} You can come here and relax after your adventures.
:::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship1 05a 1.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' R&mdash;Really!? Awesome!
:::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship1 05a 2.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'm so lucky to have someone as nice as you as a partner!
::{{DIcon}} That's... pretty rough.
:::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship1 05b 1.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Nah, not at all... It's an adventure! They're always like this.
:::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship1 05b 2.ogg}} '''Bennett:'''  With your concern, I already feel like my wounds aren't hurting anymore! Really!
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hehe, looks like I'll be bothering you a bunch from now on.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Sure, lemme tell you all about my adventures!
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hmm... A few days ago, I found an oddly colored Berry during an adventure!
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It was really sweet, but...
::{{DIcon}} Did you get the runs?
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh, diarrhea is nothing. I'm used to that.
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' At first, there were a lot of colored lights, but then it felt like a lot of little people were dancing in my head.
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I recovered quickly enough, but I regret not putting some in my bag...
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I wanted to warn everyone to avoid eating that type of Berry.
::{{DIcon}} You're really considerate towards others, aren't you?
:::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship2 08a 1.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Aw... this is how it ought to be.
:::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship2 08a 2.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' So many people took care of me, so I gotta return the favor!
::{{DIcon}} You need to be more careful yourself...
:::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship2 08b.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Thanks, but there are times when it doesn't matter how careful I am. It would be better to warn others instead.
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh, right! Remember to call me next time you go adventuring! With me around, you won't have to worry about those kinds of dangers at all!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' For us adventurers, what we want to do is adventure, naturally!
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' To get the treasure at the end of the journey, or to take the first steps into the unknown...
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' No, wait... What I want to say is that I want to become your helping hand!
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Look, I might not have any physical talents, but I don't fear pain and can adapt to long battles!
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I get injured a lot from accidents, so I'm really skilled at bandaging wounds!
::{{DIcon}} I'm aware of all this...
:::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 06a.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Right... We've been traveling together for a while, haven't we...
::{{DIcon}} Why do you want to be my helping hand?
:::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 06b.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Well... that's because you're the adventurer I admire the most!
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...I've actually thought about this many times.
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Of course, I'll keep to my mission, but I've got other personal interests outside of that, too.
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I want to become someone you can trust and depend on.
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' A companion through thick and thin, good times and bad...
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' This time, I want to become your strength!
::{{DIcon}} You've always been an important companion of mine.
::{{DIcon}} I'll share some of my good luck with you.
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Th&mdash;Thank you...
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh... what's wrong with me? This is supposed to be a happy occasion.
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Thank you...
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Bennett.
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Morning, (Traveler)!
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' A new day, a new adventure for us to embark on!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Bennett.
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Night, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo bennett mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Getting enough sleep is vital for tomorrow's adventures! Remember not to stay up too late.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Weapon Forging Station===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md bennett blacksmith 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' High-quality ores, a flawless workbench... and an enormous anvil and furnace!
:{{A|vo mimitomo md bennett blacksmith 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Amazing! It's just as good as Mister [[Wagner]]'s [[Schulz's Blacksmith|smithy]]! You could fix anything here!
:{{A|vo mimitomo md bennett blacksmith 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Please, let me rent this place!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Iter Ad Astra Abyssosque===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md bennett adventure 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' You've got a top-notch tent here! And the knapsack on the floor is a limited edition that costs a ton of Mora!
:{{A|vo mimitomo md bennett adventure 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...If [[Benny's Adventure Team]] could deck everyone out with gear like this, then I wouldn't have to worry so much about recruiting members...
:{{A|vo mimitomo md bennett adventure 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:'''  Ahahaha... I don't wanna put you out or anything...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Беннет/Компаньон]]