{{Faction Infobox
|image        = BennysAdventureTeam-RoyceBennett.jpg
|caption      = Bennett and former Benny's Adventure Team member, Jack
|leader       = [[Bennett]]
}}
{{Quote|Benny's Adventure Team, assemble!|Bennett}}
'''Benny's Adventure Team''' is a team of adventurers in the [[Mondstadt]] [[Adventurers' Guild]]. Its sole member and leader is [[Bennett]]. Due to his infamous bad luck, all other members have left the team.

==Overview==
{{Quote|I once belonged to a rather nice brigade... But "Unlucky Bennett" was also there... We all thought it was just a joke about him being "unlucky," but... All the commissions he took on, somehow always failed in the least expected way...|Jack}}
Benny's Adventure Team is led by Bennett, a young adventurer with notoriously bad luck. Although it previously had three other members, they left after incidents that they attributed to his luck.<ref name="BennettStory1">{{Ref/CS|Bennett|1}}</ref> [[Jack]], who initially thought the rumors of "Unlucky Bennett" were just a joke,<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Jack}}</ref> left after a traumatizing incident involving a rare [[Geo]] Turbulence. [[Royce]] abandoned the team after [[Klee]] of the [[Knights of Favonius]] mistook a cave that Benny's Adventure Team was exploring as a rabbit hole and blew it up. Another member, Heckler, suffered severe diarrhea a week after joining the team. Although it turned out to be a case of food poisoning, he blamed the incident on Bennett's bad luck.<ref name="BennettStory1" />

Although the usual requirement for an adventure team is 3 or 4 regular members as a safety measure, Bennett begged the Adventurers' Guild to categorize them as "on leave" and swore they would be back, avoiding the invalidation of his team's registration. [[Katheryne]] of the Adventurers' Guild chose to spare his feelings and allowed the team to remain.<ref name="BennettStory1" /> Despite the attempt to spare his feelings, Bennett is aware the other members left because they did not want to deal with his apparent poor luck.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Bennett|More About Bennett: III}}</ref>

==Members==
{| class="article-table"
!Name!!Role
|-
|[[Bennett]]||Leader
|-
|[[Jack]]||Former Member
|-
|[[Royce]]||Former Member
|-
|Heckler<ref name="BennettStory1"/>||Former Member
|-
|[[Traveler]]||Informal Member
|}

==Trivia==
* After adventuring with and becoming close to the [[Traveler]], Bennett views them as a member of his team and dreams of becoming the greatest adventure team ever together. Despite this, the Traveler is not formally registered as a member of the team<ref>{{Ref/VO|Bennett|More About Bennett: V}}</ref> and leads their own group, "{{Traveler}}'s Adventure Team."<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Adventurous Acquaintance}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Benny's Adventure Team
|zhs     = 班尼冒险团
|zhs_rm  = Bānní Màoxiǎn-tuán
|zht     = 班尼冒險團
|zht_rm  = Bānní Màoxiǎn-tuán
|zh_tl   = Benny Adventure Team
|ja      = ベニー冒険団
|ja_rm   = Benii Bouken-dan<ref>{{Ref/VO|Bennett|初めまして…|ja}}</ref>
|ja_tl   = Benny Adventure Team
|ko      = 베니 {{tt|모험단|冒險團}}
|ko_tl   = Benny Adventure Team
|es      = Brigada de Benny
|es_tl   = Benny's Brigade
|fr      = Bande à Benny
|fr_tl   = Benny's Gang
|ru      = Отряд Бенни
|ru_tl   = Benny's Group
|th      = กลุ่มนักผจญภัยของ Benny
|th_rm   = Klum nak photya phai khong Benny
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Đoàn|團}} {{tt|Mạo Hiểm|冒險}} Benny
|vi_tl   = Benny's Adventure Team
|de      = Bennys Abenteurertruppe
|de_tl   = Benny's Adventure Team
|id      = Tim petualang Benny
|id_tl   = Benny's adventure Team
|pt      = Equipe de Aventura de Benny
|pt_tl   = Benny's Adventure Team
|tr      = Benny'nin Macera Takımı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Brigata dell'avventura di Benny
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[Category:Adventurers' Guild]]

[[ja:ベニー冒険団]]
[[pl:Zespół przygodowy Benia]]