{{Faction Infobox
|image        = 
|caption      = 
|leader       = 
|subfaction   = 
|founder      = [[Dougier]]
|base         = [[Fortress of Meropide]]
|region       = Fontaine
}}
The '''Beret Society''' was a network of prisoners in the [[Fortress of Meropide]].

==Overview==
[[Dougier]] founded the Beret Society. His motivation was that it was easy for prisoners to feel lonely in Meropide, so he established an organization to help people turn a new leaf and live more happy lives.<ref name='tpbs'>{{Ref/Quest|The Proud "Beret Society"}}</ref>

[[Wriothesley]] helped Dougier establish the society by rubber stamping the application. Wriothesley first introduces the society as model prisoners.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|An Opportunity for Rebirth}}</ref>

The society gathers in the Fortress of Meropide near the [[Coupon Cafeteria]]. Drinks, snacks, books, and other resources can be found at their gatherings. They also host other activities and seminars that are popular and well-attended. As not everybody takes their sentences seriously, the society provides an outlet where prisoners can chill out, relax, and start a new life.

Dougier says that members look out for each other and remind each other of their goals. People can improve their mental states and make new friends. 

The society is funded by members' donated goods and [[Credit Coupons]]. 

Members wear hats (berets) as Dougier felt they needed a kind of "visible identifier" and a point of pride, so that people could feel a sense of shared community. He hopes people show optimism, community, hard work, and a desire to create a new life and that the hats represent a common goal the society works towards. The hat also represents a "model citizen" and helps the society recruit new members.<ref name='tpbs' />

In reality, the berets were meant to hide a special thorn filled with dark liquid known as '''Aqua Doloris''' (<u>Latin</u>: "Water of Pain")<ref>{{Ref/Quest|It's What He Deserves}}</ref> in their heads, which was a highly concentrated form of "fear" that was injected into their brains by said thorn. Dougier saw how comfortable Wriothesley lived by using the prison workforce as labor and what he believed was that everyone had been convicted of a crime and that he did not care about their well-being, seeking such luxury for himself. Using the liquid and thorns, he controlled everyone with an iron fist, punishing and torturing those who broke the true rules of the society. He also acquired a large force of the prison's [[Gardemek]]s by stealing them through "disappearances" or decommission orders, which he intended to use as muscle to overthrow Wriothesley's control of the prison.

The true rules of the society were:
* Members were not to speak with each other without permission.
* Members were not to leave without formal permission.
* Groups would be formed by five members, and all would be punished even if only one of them was responsible for the wrongdoing.
* A member who reported another for misbehavior would be rewarded with food and water.
* Members were to obey Dougier's orders.

Breaking a rule would result in a punishment known as "censure", where the punished would have the thorn filled with liquid and injected into their head to remind them of the fear of breaking Dougier's rules. They had to take the punishment while conscious, though there were other unmentioned fourth-degree or higher punishments. 

However, Wriothesley and the [[Traveler]] discovered the plot and put a stop to Dougier's plans. With his apprehension, the society was disbanded.

==Members==
* [[Dougier]] &mdash; Founder
* [[Aucelet]]
* [[Avice]]
* [[Boulmier]]
* [[Deparis]]
* [[Eclancher]]
* [[Faissolle]]
* [[Fidelin]]
* [[Gouzien]]
* [[Rigas]]
* [[Wyler]]
<!--
{{Characters by Category List|Beret Society|2
|full_header=There are '''%PAGES%''' other [[character]]s who are part of the Beret Society
}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Beret Society
|zhs      = 檐帽会
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 簷帽會
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 制帽の会
|ja_rm    = Seibou no Kai
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 챙모자회
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = Beret Clan
|es       = Los Gorras Planas
|es_tl    = The Flat Caps
|fr       = Société des bérets
|fr_tl    = Beret Society
|ru       = Общество «Берет»
|ru_tl    = "Beret" Society
|th       = สมาคมเบเร่ต์
|th_rm    = Samakhom Beret
|th_tl    = Beret Society
|vi       = Hội Mũ Nồi
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Barettgesellschaft
|de_tl    = Beret Society
|id       = Komunitas Beret
|id_tl    = Beret Community
|pt       = Sociedade da Boina
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Bere Cemiyeti
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Società dei berretti
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}