{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70522
|image         = Event Quest Beverage Shop on the Pier.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Of Ballads and Brews
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|Charity Event? Securing Funds?|showType=0}}
|characters    = Paimon; Quqing; Traveler; Diane
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
}}
'''''Beverage Shop on the Pier''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Ballads and Brews]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Liyue Harbor]]
# Talk to [[Quqing]]
# Return to [[Springvale]] and place an order with [[Diane]]
# Negotiate with Diane
#* There is some randomness involved with this negotiation. Acceptable values may vary.
#* If negotiation fails, Diane will take the price of 15,000.
# Go to Liyue Harbor and respond to Quqing's request

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|What is the 1st negotiation price ranges, give what dialogue lines?}}
{{Quest Description|Quqing, the owner of the new beverage shop on the northern pier of Liyue Harbor, seems to be asking for help...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Quqing)
:'''Quqing:''' Welcome! What would you two like to drink?
:'''Quqing:''' Hmm... judging by how you guys are dressed, I'm guessing you're not from around here. I don't know if the tea I've got here is suited to your tastes...
:'''Quqing:''' I'll start you guys off with a pot of Yunlai White Tea. If that's not to your liking, you can come back later. I should be able to get someone to pick up a batch of specialty drinks from Mondstadt's Weinlesefest...
:{{DIcon}} Thanks, but we're not here to drink.
:{{DIcon}} We're errand runners who help with ordering drinks.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! We're reliable errand runners! Paimon heard you put up a commission at the Weinlesefest asking for someone who knows what they're doing to help with ordering drinks, so that's where we come in!
:'''Paimon:''' If you want to place an order for any drinks, let us know, and we'll take the order for you!
:'''Quqing:''' You guys came all the way to Liyue to take orders for clients? You guys are so sweet!
:'''Quqing:''' I was afraid no one would accept such a troublesome commission... I'll leave it to you then!
:'''Quqing:''' I've heard from sailors who have been to Mondstadt that {{color|buzzword|The Cat's Tail Tavern}}'s specialty, the "Mintberry," is refreshing as it is relaxing.
:'''Quqing:''' So I'd like to order {{color|buzzword|65 cases of Mintberries}}, to sell to sailors together with other drinks. This way, they can stay in a good mood and work efficiently.
:'''Quqing:''' In the past, the merchants in Mondstadt would also prepare designated equivalents according to my needs. In accordance with the rules of the Weinlesefest, I've gathered some Fairbrew Jelly in advance, and I'm giving it all to you!
:'''Quqing:''' The funds I've set aside are a rough estimate, and please keep the change as reward for your hard work. Although this is not enough to fully express my gratitude...
:{{DIcon}} No worries.
:{{DIcon}} It won't be any trouble.
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry. It's 65 cases of Mintberries, right? Leave the order to Paimon and {{Traveler}}. Handling errands is our specialty!
:'''Paimon:''' We'll be right back!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Quqing's Funds|x=22,000}})

;(Talk to Quqing again)
:'''Quqing:''' Thank you very much for the order.
:'''Quqing:''' With this batch of specialty drinks, sailors can quench their thirst with a different taste.
:{{DIcon}} Taste?
::'''Quqing:''' Sailors have different preferences. Some prefer light tea, others prefer sweet and sour juice... If you drink the same thing all the time, you'll get bored of it.
::'''Quqing:''' So I always restock the store with drinks of different flavors, trying to meet the sailors' needs as much as possible...
:{{DIcon}} About the shop...
::'''Quqing:''' Because the sailors did me a great service, I just recently set up shop on this side of the pier, serving drinks to the sailors.
::'''Quqing:''' But I'm not exactly the best businesswoman, and business has been rather slow...
:{{DIcon}} See you later!
::'''Quqing:''' Bye! All the best with your journey!
----
;(Talk to Diane)
:'''Diane:''' Welcome to The Cat's Tail! What can I get you guys?
:'''Paimon:''' Hello, Diane. We've got a business proposition for you!
:{{Black Screen|You explain Quqing's order request to Diane.}}
:'''Diane:''' Oh? The beverage shop on Liyue's north pier that just opened?
:'''Diane:''' The sailors from [[Dornman Port]] have spoken about the shopkeeper, and Margaret seems to have sourced ingredients from her before.
:'''Diane:''' Recently, when Quqing was selling thirst-quenching drinks to sailors at the dock, she also asked them to promote Qingce Village's spring water.
:'''Diane:''' She gets water at a high price from Qingce Village and resells it where there is demand, only earning the basic cost of individual labor.
:'''Diane:''' With her help, people from other places can brew wine with a unique flavor using the spring water of Qingce Village, and it provides a source of income for the elderly folk in the village. It's two birds killed with one stone.
:{{DIcon}} So that's how the story goes...
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, Quqing is such a nice person!
:'''Diane:''' Yup. Perhaps The Cat's Tail will be a long-term partner with her.
:'''Diane:''' Anyway, let's talk shop. How much are you going to pay for all these Mintberries?
:;(A Mood gauge appears starting at a random value of 4–4.75 Hearts)
<!--Prioritise 1st negotiation price over the follow-up negotiation price-->
;(If the price is 11,000–13,500{{Verify|how much higher?}} Fairbrew Jellies)
::'''Diane:''' Eh... You guys are joking, right? At the end of the day, we're still a business. Please be reasonable.
:;(Lose 1.5 Hearts)
;(If the price is 13,650{{Verify|how much lower?}}–13,888{{Verify|how much higher?}} Fairbrew Jellies)
::'''Diane:''' Sorry, this price is still too low. Margaret is going to get me some heat if she hears about this...
:;(Lose 1.5 Hearts)
;(If the price 13,920{{Verify|how much lower?}}–14,115{{Verify|how much higher?}} Fairbrew Jellies)
::'''Diane:''' Well, even though we will take a small loss on this transaction, considering that the goods are for Miss Quqing, this won't be an issue.
:;(Continue to next part)
;(If the price 14,150{{Verify|how much lower?}}–15,000 Fairbrew Jellies)<!--13,696 - 15,000-->
::'''Diane:''' I think that's a good price! You've got yourself a deal!
:;(Continue to next part)
;(If the Mood gauge reaches zero Hearts)
::'''Diane:''' If you keep nagging me with such absurd prices, I will lose my patience. Why don't we settle the deal at the standard rate set by Margaret?
----
;(After negotiating the price)
:'''Diane:''' Well, the deal is done!
:'''Diane:''' As for the delivery... leave that to the sailors of Dornman Port. They'll ship it directly to Liyue's north pier.
:'''Diane:''' This document is for you. Please give it to Quqing.
:'''Paimon:''' Thank you very much, Diane!
:'''Paimon:''' Great success! Let's report back to Quqing, {{Traveler}}.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Quqing's Invoice}})
----
;(Talk to Quqing)
:'''Paimon:''' Quqing, we're back!
:'''Paimon:''' We've placed an order for the drinks you need. It'll be loaded on the boats tomorrow and it'll be sent to the docks as soon as possible! Please take this receipt!
:'''Quqing:''' That's it? Wow, you guys move fast!
:'''Quqing:''' I...I... I'll prepare you a pot of tea with the best spring water...
:{{DIcon}} No need to be so generous.
:{{DIcon}} We've taken payment for our work already.
:'''Paimon:''' Yes, yes. We have other people to help order for. There's no need for you to serve us.
:'''Paimon:''' All the best with your business! Next time we'll come to your place for a nice drink!
:'''Quqing:''' Ah... Well, next time I'll be sure to make your favorite drink!
:'''Quqing:''' Please come again!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Beverage Shop on the Pier
|zhs     = 码头的饮品小店
|zhs_rm  = Mǎtóu de Yǐnpǐn Xiǎodiàn
|zht     = 碼頭的飲品小店
|zht_rm  = Mǎtóu de Yǐnpǐn Xiǎodiàn
|zh_tl   = Small Beverage Shop on the Pier
|ja      = 埠頭の飲み物屋さん
|ja_rm   = Futou no Nomimonoya-san
|ja_tl   = Beverage Shop on the Pier
|ko      = 부두의 음료 가게
|ko_rm   = Budu-ui Eumryo Gage
|ko_tl   = Beverage Shop on the Pier
|es      = ¡Bebidas refrescantes a toda vela!
|es_tl   = Refreshing Drinks Under a Full Sail!
|fr      = Buvette sur le port
|fr_tl   = Refreshment Stall on the Port
|ru      = Магазин напитков в порту
|ru_tl   = Beverage Shop in the Port
|th      = ร้านเครื่องดื่มบนท่าเรือ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tiệm Thức Uống Ở Cảng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kleiner Getränkeladen an der Anlegestelle
|de_tl   = Small Drink Shop on the Pier
|id      = Toko Minuman di Dermaga
|id_tl   = Beverage Shop on the Pier
|pt      = Loja de Bebidas do Porto
|pt_tl   = Beverage Shop on the Pier
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[pt-br:Loja de Bebidas do Porto]]