{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20008; 20027; 20028
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Big Pudgy Problem!.png
|caption       = Springvale version
|npc           = Arthur, Timid Morrow, Tunner
|region        = Mondstadt
|description   = Slimes have suddenly shown up on the Mondstadt docks/at Dawn Winery/on the mountain behind Springvale, and it seems Arthur/Tunner/Timid Morrow has become caught up in the commotion...<br /><br />Slimes suddenly appeared on the docks of Mondstadt/at Dawn Winery. Put an end to the mess they created by getting rid of them.
|startLocation  = [[Cider Lake]], [[Mondstadt]]
|startLocation2 = [[Dawn Winery]], Mondstadt
|startLocation3 = [[Springvale]], Mondstadt
|characters    = Arthur; Paimon; Timid Morrow; Traveler; Tunner
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''Big Pudgy Problem!''' is a daily [[Commission]] that occurs in either [[Cider Lake]] / [[Dawn Winery]] / [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]].
==Steps==
# Defeat the slimes
# Talk to [[Arthur]]/[[Tunner]]/[[Timid Morrow]]
# Go to the strange location
# Use [[Anemo]] to blow out the dust
# Defeat all of the slimes

==Notes==
* During the timed challenge, you can pause the timer by opening up an in-game menu.
* If you fail the challenge by running out of time, you are able to restart by using Anemo to blow out the dust again.
* [[Kazuha]]'s Plunging Attack: Midare Ranzan, performed upon using a plunge attack while airborne through his Elemental Skill [[Chihayaburu]], cannot blow out the dust in Step 4. Chihayaburu's Tap and Hold effects will work, however.

==Rewards==
The Dawn Winery and Springvale versions of this commission grants full AR-dependent rewards upon completion:
{{Commission Rewards|full|tableonly=1}}

The Cider Lake version of this commission grants reduced AR-dependent rewards upon completion:
{{Commission Rewards|low|tableonly=1}}

==Enemies==
===Cider Lake Version===
; Cider Lake{{colon}} 4 enemies (1 wave)
# {{Enemy|Pyro Slime|30|x=4}}

; Strange location (north-most island on Cider Lake){{colon}} 10 enemies (2 waves) in 120 seconds (2{{colon}}00)
Wave 1
*{{Enemy|Pyro Slime|30|x=5}}
Wave 2
*{{Enemy List|Pyro Slime*4;Large Pyro Slime}}

===Dawn Winery Version===
; Dawn Winery{{colon}} 3 enemies (1 wave)
* {{Enemy|Cryo Slime|30|x=3}}

; Strange location (on an island in the lake south of Dawn Winery){{colon}} 8 enemies (2 waves) in 180 seconds (3{{colon}}00)
Wave 1
* {{Enemy|Cryo Slime|30|x=4}}
Wave 2
* {{Enemy List|Cryo Slime*3;Large Cryo Slime}}

===Springvale Version===
; Springvale{{colon}} 4 enemies (1 wave)
* {{Enemy|Electro Slime|30|x=4}}

; Strange location ([[Windwail Highland]], north of the [[Dragonspine]] base camp){{colon}} 8 enemies (2 waves) in 180 seconds (3{{colon}}00)
Wave 1
* {{Enemy|Electro Slime|30|x=4}}
Wave 2
* {{Enemy List|Electro Slime*2;Large Electro Slime;Mutant Electro Slime}}

==Dialogue==
{{StubDialogue|missing tx for aether vs lumine traveler}}
===Cider Lake===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(While battling the slimes)
:'''Arthur:''' Help me! Help me!

;(Talk to Arthur after defeating the slimes)
:'''Arthur:''' Thank you! You saved my life.
:'''Arthur:''' Those slimes came out of nowhere. I didn't think they would show up around these parts... Before I knew what was happening, I was surrounded!
:'''Arthur:''' Please don't tell my father... He's already been nagging me to stay at home, saying the slimes 'round here are supposed to be getting more hostile recently.
:'''Arthur:''' With slimes appearing closer to the city I've been stuck at home for days now. I managed to slip out today without him noticing.
:'''Arthur:''' If you don't mind, could you check the coast is clear now? And if not, get rid of the slimes for me?
:{{DIcon}} Sure, it won't take me long.
::'''Arthur:''' Great! Looks like my father will never have to find out...
:;(The quest continues to [[#Strange Location|Strange Location]])
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, I've got too much on my plate right now.
::'''Arthur:''' B–But... I cannot get my father involved... Please, you're the only one who can help me!
:;(The quest continues to [[#Strange Location|Strange Location]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dawn Winery===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(While battling the slimes)
:'''Tunner:''' Help! Help me!

;(Talk to Tunner after defeating the slimes)
:'''Tunner:''' Thank you, (Traveler)...
:'''Tunner:''' I just wanted to tend to the grape vines, and then... this happened.
:'''Tunner:''' *sigh* Please don't say a word about this to my son. He's one of the [[Knights of Favonius]], so I'm sure he has enough to worry about as it is.
:'''Tunner:''' There's no need to bother him over a silly old man getting himself into a bit of a pickle.
:'''Tunner:''' Recently, though, we do seem to be having a bit of a slime problem around the winery area. I worry constantly that they'll demolish my grape vines. It's keeping me up at night.
:'''Tunner:''' I don't know if you have the time to spare for an old man like me... but if so, could you chase off the slimes in the area for me, to stop them from getting at my grapes?
:{{DIcon}} Sure thing, old man.
::'''Tunner:''' {{sic|Bless you, son!<!--same for male/female traveler-->|hide=1}} I will rest better for it.
:;(The quest continues to [[#Strange Location|Strange Location]])
:{{DIcon}} No way, old man.
::'''Tunner:''' I would happily do it myself, but at my age my strength is not what it used to be... For a youngster like you, this should be no problem. Come on, make an old man's day.
:;(The quest continues to [[#Strange Location|Strange Location]])
;(It is possible to talk to Tunner again afterwards, but the dialogue is the same.)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Springvale===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(While battling the slimes)
:'''Timid Morrow:''' Help! Help me!

;(Talk to Timid Morrow after defeating the slimes)
:'''Timid Morrow:''' Th&mdash;Thank you kindly, (sir/ma'am)...
:'''Timid Morrow:''' I may be a hunter by trade, but I've sure met my match with these darned slimes.
:'''Timid Morrow:''' Thanks to them, once again I got nothing to show for this hunt. Ain't caught squat.
:'''Timid Morrow:''' I sure hope them other hunters ain't as unfortunate as me.
:'''Timid Morrow:''' Speaking of slimes and such... could you take a look-see around here for me?
:'''Timid Morrow:''' It could just be my imagination, but... they seem to be showing up more and more 'round this town.
:'''Timid Morrow:''' Can you check the road ahead for slimes? If you see any... you know what to do.
:{{DIcon}} Sure, I have time.
::'''Timid Morrow:''' You're doing me a great service. Well, I'd better get back and report all this to [[Draff]].
::'''Timid Morrow:''' Here's hoping he isn't too drunk that it goes in one ear and out the other!
:;(The quest continues to [[#Strange Location|Strange Location]])
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, I have to get back.
::'''Timid Morrow:''' Please (sir/ma'am), if not for me, then for the sake of everyone in Springvale.
:;(The quest continues to [[#Strange Location|Strange Location]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Strange Location===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon reaching the strange location)
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, what have we here? It looks like dust, but... with elemental traces on.
:'''Paimon:''' Elemental or not, it's still dust &mdash; you should be able to blow it away easily enough with your Anemo abilities.
:;(After blowing away the dust)
:'''Paimon:''' Poof! Gone, just like that.
:'''Paimon:''' *gasp* Where'd all these slimes come from!? Was there something in that elemental dust we don't know about...
:;(After defeating all the enemy slimes)
:'''Paimon:''' That's the last of them. But I wonder what they were doing hanging around here?
:'''Paimon:''' And there's something spooky about those weird elemental traces...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, I suppose it can't hurt to have cleared the area of slimes. It can only make the area safer.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* The description for this quest changes depending on whether it is viewed from the Quest menu or the World Map. The World Map description says:<br />''Slimes suddenly appeared (in Mondstadt/at Dawn Winery/in Springvale). Put an end to the mess they created by getting rid of them.''

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Big Pudgy Problem!
|zhs     = 圆滚滚的大团骚乱！
|zhs_rm  = Yuángǔngǔn de Dà Tuán Sāoluàn!
|zht     = 圓滾滾的大團騷亂！
|zht_rm  = Yuángǔngǔn de Dà Tuán Sāoluàn!
|zh_tl   = Big Plump Lump Riot!
|ja      = まるい群れ騒動！
|ja_rm   = Marui Mure Soudou!
|ja_tl   = Round Herd Riot!
|ko      = 포동포동한 대규모 폭동!
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Un problema pegajoso
|es_tl   = A Sticky Problem!
|fr      = Que d'agitation !
|fr_tl   = How Restless!
|ru      = Беспорядки в круглом обществе!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เจ้าก้อนกลมจอมยุ่ง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Messy Round Ones
|vi      = Vật Nhiễu Loạn Tròn Quay!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = {{not a typo|D|ick}}, rund und klebrig!
|de_tl   = Fat, Round and Sticky!
|id      = Masalah yang Berputar-Putar!
|id_tl   = Spiraling Problem!
|pt      = Distúrbio Pegajoso!
|pt_tl   = Slimy Disturb
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[pt-br:Distúrbio Pegajoso]]
[[ru:Беспорядки в круглом обществе!]]
[[fr:Que d'agitation !]]