{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 21024
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 30
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
|characters    = Bao'er; Landa; Traveler
}}
'''Big Business''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
Talk to [[Landa]] at [[Wangshu Inn]] to start the quest.
# Get the invoices (0/3)
##The [[Box of Goods Invoices]] are located throughout [[Stone Gate]] and [[Dihua Marsh]].
# Talk to Bao'er
## One [[Box of Goods Invoices]] is held by [[Bao'er]], who will trade it in exchange for three [[Noctilucous Jade]].
# Talk to Landa

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Having lost the invoices to a large business venture, [[Landa]] is currently beside himself with anxiety...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Landa)
:'''Landa:''' This is really bad...
:{{DIcon}} What happened to you?
:'''Landa:''' Oh, you're a traveler... Well, you see, I'm a merchant, and I often shuttle between Mondstadt and Liyue on business.
:'''Landa:''' I had just closed a big deal in Mondstadt, and was getting ready to deliver the invoices back to my boss...
:'''Landa:''' But I never imagined that I'd be attacked by monsters while passing through this area.
:'''Landa:''' I couldn't fight them off, so I could only flee for my life, and ended up stumbling my way into this inn.
:'''Landa:''' But I've run off, and left all the invoices behind... Could I ask you to get them back for me?
:{{DIcon}} I've got this.
::'''Landa:''' That's wonderful! I remember the places I passed by as I ran, more or less. Here, let me mark them for you...
:{{DIcon}} What sort of invoices?
::'''Landa:''' For wine, of course. What other business would one do in Mondstadt, anyway?
::'''Landa:''' This is a huge deal. If anything goes wrong, my boss will hang thet loss on me for sure.
::'''Landa:''' Please help me out. I've marked all the rough locations out for you.
:{{DIcon}} Who's your boss?
::'''Landa:''' My boss? Uh, well, it's a really rich merchant in Liyue. Really rich.
::'''Landa:''' Oh, just don't ask too much. I'm just the errand runner, I don't know that much about the boss.
::'''Landa:''' But if I mess this one up, I'm going to lose this errand-running job for sure.
::'''Landa:''' Please help me out. I've marked all the rough locations out for you.
:'''Landa:''' I placed all the invoices inside a box. It shouldn't be too hard to find, so please, help me out!

;(Talk to Landa again)
:'''Landa:''' Please, let nothing go wrong...
----
;(Upon recovering the invoices next to the Geo Statue)
:'''Paimon:''' It seems super heavy... Is it really just invoices in here?
:'''Paimon:''' Doing business must be tough...
----
;(Upon recovering the invoices to the west)
:'''Paimon:''' This must be the box... Yep, there's a stack of invoices inside.
:'''Paimon:''' They're not for prying eyes, though. We'd only get ourselves into trouble.
----
;(Talk to Bao'er to the east)
:'''Bao'er:''' This doesn't seem to have any use...
:{{DIcon}} Excuse me. Have you seen a box?
:'''Bao'er:''' A box? Well, I did pick one up.
:'''Bao'er:''' I already had a look inside, and it was a batch of invoices. Seems like someone was doing a real huge business venture.
:'''Bao'er:''' Oh me, oh my, I wonder how much the owner of this box would pay to have it back?
:{{DIcon}} ...What do you mean?
:'''Bao'er:''' Hey, don't look so nervous. I was just pulling your leg.
:'''Bao'er:''' The value of the goods on those invoices is not low by any means. Makes one wonder which big shot in Liyue it was who signed off on it.
:'''Bao'er:''' I've got a sense of time and place. I'm not about to kick the hornet's nest just because I can.
:'''Bao'er:''' Still, don't you think it's a bit unreasonable for you to just take this and leave after all the time and effort I've spent guarding it?
:'''Bao'er:''' How about this? Let's barter. It's the most traditional way of solving such problems.
:'''Bao'er:''' You fetch me 3 Noctilucous Jades, and I'll give you the invoices. How does that sound?
:'''Bao'er:''' I mean, these 3 Noctilucous Jades probably aren't worth anything compared to the things listed on those invoices.
:{{DIcon}} Alright.
::'''Bao'er:''' Well, hop to it then. When you're back, we'll trade, one for one.
:{{DIcon}} What's written on it, anyway?
::'''Bao'er:''' Oh, you don't know? So you're just here to do someone else's work. Well, that's just fine.
::'''Bao'er:''' Let me give you some advice: you're better off not asking too much about transactions of this scale.
::'''Bao'er:''' Alright, go get me those Noctilucous Jades, and I'll give you the invoices. Then you can pass it on to the person who requested your services.
::'''Bao'er:''' All done, no mess or fuss.
----
;(Return to Bao'er)
:'''Bao'er:''' Did you get those Noctilucous Jades?
:;(After submitting the Noctilucous Jades)
:'''Bao'er:''' Not bad. I'll take them. Here's the invoices, take care of them now.
:'''Bao'er:''' Alright then, best you be off. The person who hired you must be a real bundle of nerves right now.
:;(Attempt to submit anything other than Noctilucous Jade)
:'''Bao'er:''' Hey, I asked for Noctilucous Jade. Don't even try pulling a fast one on me.

;(Talk to Bao'er again)
:'''Bao'er:''' I only had a little look. That won't get me in trouble, will it?
----
;(Talk to Landa)
:'''Landa:''' Did you find the invoices?
:{{DIcon}} Found them all.
:'''Landa:''' Thank you, truly! This is wonderful. I'm so glad that nothing went wrong.
:'''Landa:''' If these invoices were lost, I have no idea how angry my boss would have been.
:'''Landa:''' You want to ask what business these invoices were written for, don't you?
:'''Landa:''' I'm sorry, I really can't tell you. It's a secret.
:'''Landa:''' Well, here's your remuneration, please take it... Wait a moment. Why has this box been opened?
:'''Landa:''' ...You met someone out in the wild who took a look at it after picking it up?
:'''Landa:''' Oh, I'm dead. Dead. Dead! This... this won't do. I have to tell the boss quickly...
:'''Landa:''' Oh, don't worry, I'm not suspicious of you. I mean, I did do my homework regarding your...
:'''Landa:''' Ahem. Well, I need to find a way to contact my boss. Please carry on with your business.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
*Based on Landa's idle quote, which is unlocked after this quest is completed, his boss is actually [[Pantalone]], one of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Big Business
|zhs     = 大生意
|zhs_rm  = Dà Shēngyì
|zht     = 大生意
|zht_rm  = Dà Shēngyì
|zh_tl   = Big Business
|ja      = 大商売
|ja_rm   = Daishoubai{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Big Business
|ko      = 큰 거래
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Un negocio jugoso
|es_tl   = A Juicy Business
|fr      = Une bonne affaire
|fr_tl   = A Good Deal
|ru      = Крупная сделка
|ru_tl   = Big Business
|th      = การค้าใหญ่
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Thương Vụ|商務}} Lớn
|vi_tl   = Big Business
|de      = Großes Geschäft
|de_tl   = Big Business
|id      = Bisnis Besar
|id_tl   = Big Business
|pt      = Grandes Negócios
|pt_tl   = Big Business
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}