{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Archon Quest C0A1 Bird's Eye View.png
|id            = 00352
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Outlander Who Caught the Wind
|part          = 1
|summary       = The Traveler and Paimon visit the Statue of the Seven at Starfell Lake. The Traveler resonates with the Anemo element after touching the statue.
|startLocation = [[Stormbearer Coast]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Wanderer's Trail
|next          = Unexpected Power
|exp           = 225
|mora          = 975
|other         = {{Card|Character EXP|500}}
|characters    = Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}

{{TeyvatQuest|0|1|part=1}}

==Steps==
#Follow the path
#Go to Paimon
#Follow Paimon
#Swim to the island in Starfell Lake

==Notes==
* Walking too far away from Paimon during Step 4 resets back to Step 3 and shows a notice on-screen until the player returns:
** Return to quest point {{DIcon|Quest}} {{Key|Left Ctrl|F}}
* Completing this quest unlocks the ability to use Elemental Skills and Elemental Bursts.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You begin your journey in [[Starfell Valley]], exploring the land and seeing its sights together with Paimon.}}
{{dialogue start}}
;(Upon reaching the ledge)
:{{A|vo mdaq005 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh wowwwww!
:;(After admiring the scenery)
:{{A|vo mdaq006 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's a Statue of The Seven!
:{{A|vo mdaq006 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are a few of these statues scattered across the land to show The Seven's protection over the world.
:{{A|vo mdaq006 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Among the seven gods, this god controls the wind.
:{{A|vo mdaq006 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's not sure whether the god you're looking for is the Anemo God, but...
:{{A|vo mdaq006 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon'll take you to the Anemo God's place first, and there's a reason why~

;(If the player walk away from quest area)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Where are you going? Come to Paimon!
:'''Paimon:''' Don't stray too far from Paimon!

;(If the player continues to walk away from quest area)
:'''Paimon:''' You should follow {{Color|buzzword|Paimon}} for now...

:;(As the player go towards the statue)
:{{A|vo mdaq006 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As we all know, poetry and language flow like the wind...
:{{A|vo mdaq006 4 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo mdaq006 4 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There'll definitely be someone there who knows about your (sister/brother). At least, that's what Paimon thinks!
:{{A|vo mdaq006 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whether the gods actually answer you is a different story. You never know unless you try.
:{{A|vo mdaq006 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, let's hop to it!
:;(When the player reaches the lake)
:{{A|vo mdaq007 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can {{Color|buzzword|swim}} right over!
:;(After communing with Anemo)
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! Did you just feel the elements of the world?
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems all you had to do was just touch the statue and you got the power of Anemo!
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As much as they may want it, people in this world can never get a hold of powers as easily as you...
:{{DIcon}} I think I know why, it's because...
::{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 04a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah-ha, it's because you're not from this world to begin with.
:{{DIcon}} This can't be good...
::{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a bit rude to say that about the power the gods just gave you!
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we keep heading west from here, we'll eventually reach Mondstadt, the City of Freedom.
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mondstadt is the city of wind, because they worship the God of Anemo.
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So perhaps, because you got power from the God of Anemo, you can find some clues there.
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 08b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are also lots of bards there, so perhaps one of them has heard news of your (sister/brother).
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's move then!
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The elements in this world responded to your prayers and Paimon thinks that's a lovely sign.
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Bird's Eye View
|zhs     = 鸟瞰风物
|zhs_rm  = Niǎokàn Fēngwù
|zht     = 鳥瞰風物
|zht_rm  = Niǎokàn Fēngwù
|zh_tl   = Bird's-Eye View Scenery
|ja      = 風物鳥瞰
|ja_rm   = Fuubutsu Choukan{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Scenery Bird's-Eye View
|ko      = 내려다본 {{tt|경치|景致}}
|ko_rm   = Naeryodabon Gyeongchi
|ko_tl   = Overlooking View
|es      = Vista panorámica
|es_tl   = Panoramic View
|fr      = Vision d'oiseau
|fr_tl   = Bird's Vision
|ru      = Взгляд с высоты
|ru_tl   = View from Above
|th      = มุมมองจากเบื้องบน
|th_rm   = Mum mong chak bueangbon
|th_tl   = View from Above
|vi      = Nhìn Bằng Mắt Chim
|vi_tl   = Seeing With a Bird's Eyes
|de      = Aus der Vogelperspektive
|de_tl   = From a Bird's-Eye View
|id      = Pandangan Membentang
|id_tl   = Vast View
|pt      = Visão de Pássaro
|pt_tl   = Bird's View
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}
[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[es:Vista panorámica]]
[[fr:Vision d'oiseau]]
[[pt-br:Visão de Pássaro]]
[[vi:Nhìn Bằng Mắt Chim]]