{{Event
|name              = Birthday Wishes Event for Kamisato Ayato
|image             = Birthday Wishes 2023-03-26 Kamisato Ayato.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-03-26 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-03-28 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/17272472
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>Today is Kamisato Ayato's birthday, so let's send Kamisato Ayato our best wishes! Write your well wishes in the comments for a chance to win a set of Genshin Impact badges (3 pieces per set)~<br>P.S.: Don't forget to read Kamisato Ayato's birthday message in your in-game mail!}}
'''The Birthday Wishes Event for Kamisato Ayato''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.5]].

==Event Duration==
03/26 – 03/28 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
The list of winners will be announced in this post on 04/08.

==Event Rewards==
Genshin Impact Badge Set (3 per set) ×20

==How to Participate==
During the event, post your birthday wishes for Kamisato Ayato under the comments section of this post and your participation will have been deemed successful (Deleting your comment or replying to another comment on the post will not count as a successful entry.)

==Note==
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings: https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# Winners, please pay attention to System Messages to fill out your shipping address. Merchandise winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# The following will be regarded as invalid submissions: publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, content which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters, deletion of comments after results have been announced, and replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself).
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}