{{Event
|name              = August Birthday Party Comments Event
|image             = Birthday Wishes 2023-08-10.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-08-10 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-09-05 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/20765790
}}
{{Description|The August Birthday Party event has begun! There are a total of 5 characters celebrating their birthdays this month: Amber, Mika, Faruzan, Ningguang, and Mona!<br>On characters' birthdays, yours truly will post a mission here related to the birthday character. Travelers that complete the mission according to the requirements will have a chance to win a merchandise prize!}}
'''August Birthday Party Comments Event''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.8]].

==Amber's Birthday Mission==
Between August 10 – August 15, recommend the perfect gliding location for Amber in the comments section for a chance to win an Amber Character Stand!

==Mika's Birthday Mission==
Between August 11 – August 16, share the place in Teyvat that you'd most like to go surveying with Mika in the comments section for a chance to win a Mika Character Stand!

==Event Rewards==
Genshin Impact Character Stands (100 Winners)

==Evaluation Methods==
We will select 20 Travelers per birthday mission (100 in total) who successfully participated in the event. Each selected Traveler will be awarded 1 Genshin Impact Character Stand.

==Event Duration==
August 10, 2023 – September 5, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Winners Notice: The list of winners of the August Birthday Party Comments Event will be announced in this post after September 13, 2023.

==How to Participate==
Complete any of the following Character Birthday Missions while they are available:
* Amber's Birthday Mission: Recommend the perfect gliding location for Amber in the comments section between August 10 – August 15.
* Mika's Birthday Mission: Share a place in Teyvat where you'd like to go surveying with Mika in the comments section between August 11 – August 16.

==Notes==
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications or do not provide your address in time and this affects the process of sending rewards, you will be deemed to have forfeited your rewards and the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings:<br>https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# The following will be regarded as invalid submissions: publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, content which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters, deletion of comments after results have been announced, and replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself).
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# In the event of unforeseen circumstances such as discontinuation of the said product, it may be replaced with another product of equivalent value.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}