{{Event
|name              = Birthday Wishes for Yoimiya
|image             = Birthday Wishes 2023-06-21 Yoimiya.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-06-21 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-06-23 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/19495345
}}
{{Description|Today is Yoimiya's birthday! Share your birthday wishes for Yoimiya with your friends!<br>From now until 06/23, post your birthday wishes for Yoimiya or a screenshot that proves successful sharing of this post in the comments below for a chance to win merchandise prizes!}}
'''Birthday Wishes for Yoimiya''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.7]].

==Event Rewards==
Genshin Impact Yoimiya Character Stand (20 Winners)

==Evaluation Methods==
We will randomly select 20 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to receive 1 Character Stand each.

==Event Duration==
June 21, 2023 – June 23, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Winners Notice: The list of winners will be announced in this post after July 3, 2023.

==How to Participate==
Post your birthday wishes for Yoimiya or a screenshot that proves successful sharing of this post in the comments below for a chance to win merchandise prizes!

==Notes==
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications or do not provide your address in time and this affects the process of sending rewards, you will be deemed to have forfeited your rewards and the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings:<br>https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# The following will be regarded as invalid submissions: publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, content which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters, deletion of comments after results have been announced, and replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself).
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# In the event of unforeseen circumstances such as discontinuation of the said product, it may be replaced with another product of equivalent value.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}