{{Event
|name              = July Birthday Party Comments Event
|image             = Birthday Wishes 2023-07-05.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-07-05 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-07-31 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/19817911
}}
{{Description|The July Birthday Party event has begun! There are a total of 9 characters celebrating their birthdays this month: Barbara, Kaveh, Kujou Sara, Hu Tao, Tartaglia, Shikanoin Heizou, Klee, Kuki Shinobu, and Yanfei.<br>On characters' birthdays, yours truly will post a question here related to the birthday character. Travelers that answer correctly by leaving a message in the comments section will have a chance to win a merchandise prize!}}
'''July Birthday Party Comments Event''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.8]].

==Event Rewards==
Genshin Impact Character Stands (180 Winners)

==Evaluation Methods==
We will select 20 Travelers per birthday quiz (180 in total) who successfully participated in the event. Each selected Traveler will be awarded 1 Genshin Impact Character Stand.

==Event Duration==
July 5, 2023 – July 31, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Winners Notice: The list of winners of the July Birthday Party quiz event will be announced in this post after August 10, 2023.

==How to Participate==
Leave your answers in the comments section of this post during the event quizzes.

==Notes==
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications or do not provide your address in time and this affects the process of sending rewards, you will be deemed to have forfeited your rewards and the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings:<br>https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# The following will be regarded as invalid submissions: publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, content which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters, deletion of comments after results have been announced, and replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself).
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# In the event of unforeseen circumstances such as discontinuation of the said product, it may be replaced with another product of equivalent value.

==The July character birthday quizzes are over! The questions and answers for the various characters are as follows==
* Barbara's quiz: Which nation is Barbara from?
** Answer: Mondstadt
* Kaveh's quiz: Which Darshan is Kaveh from?
** Answer: Kshahrewar
* Kujou Sara's quiz: What is Kujou Sara's specialty dish?
** Answer: Faith Eternal
* Hu Tao's quiz: What is Hu Tao's hobby?
** Answer: Writing poems
* Tartaglia's quiz: What is Tartaglia's codename among the Fatui?
** Answer: Childe
* Shikanoin Heizou's quiz: Which of Inazuma's factions does Shikanoin Heizou belong to?
** Answer: Tenryou Commission
* Klee's quiz: What is the name of Klee's inseparable friend?
** Answer: Dodoco
* Kuki Shinobu's quiz: Which gang is Kuki Shinobu a member of?
** Answer: Arataki Gang
* Yanfei's quiz: What is Yanfei's occupation?
** Answer: Legal Adviser

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}