{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Gallery
|tab3 = Voice-Overs
}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Item Cake for Traveler.png
|type         = Game Systems
}}
Characters who have reached their '''Birthday''' will send the player a mail with their [[Special Dish]] and one or more additional gifts. Characters will always mention these miscellaneous gifts in their letter, but rarely the special dish that is also attached.

It is not required to own the specific characters, as players will receive the celebratory mail, regardless. However, the mail is only sent on log-in of that specific day and will not be able to be received the day after.

Birthday Mail will be automatically transferred into the Gift Mail Box after the player has collected the rewards. Mail within this Box will not be quick-deleted, and will not expire over time.

==Notes==
* A character's Birthday Mail does not adhere to the server's daily reset timer; The Mail will be received when the server's time passes 00:00 (Midnight).
* A character's Birthday Mail is only available for that particular day, from 00:00 to 23:59. The player must log in to the game during that time period to receive the mail. If a player logs on at 00:01 the following day, despite being in the same server reset cycle, the mail will not be received.
* Currently, a character's Birthday Mail is one of the only ways to receive their special dish if the player does not own the character in question. Another way to obtain certain special dishes is to unlock different endings of [[Hangout Events]].

==The Traveler==
The [[Traveler]]'s birth date depends on the player's choice in their profile customization and cannot be changed again once set. Once the [[Traveler]] celebrates their birthday, the Dev Team, via the mailing system, will send birthday wishes, along with a special gift of one [[Cake for Traveler]], which rewards one [[Fragile Resin]] and an unusable version of the cake when used.

On top of this, any characters the player currently has will have their "Birthday" voice-over permanently unlocked. Future characters that the player obtains after their birthday has passed will still have their "Birthday" voice-over unlocked.

It is important to note that setting your birthday to a date that has already passed in the current year will not give you a cake. You will not receive your cake for that year.

==Table of Birthdays==
<table class="article-table sortable alternating-colors-table"><!--
--><tr><!--
   --><th>Icon</th><!--
   --><th>Name</th><!--
   --><th>Birthday</th><!--
   --><th>Birthday Pages</th><!--
--></tr><!--
-->{{#DPL:
|namespace=
|uses=Template:Character Infobox
|category=Characters by Birthday
|nottitlematch=Sandbox/%
|ordermethod=sortkey
|include={Character Infobox¦Phantom Birthday List}
|format=,,,
}}<!--
--></table>

==Trivia==
* For the [[Raiden Shogun]]'s 2022 birthday mail, [[Yae Miko|Miko]] sends the mail instead, which makes Raiden Shogun the only character to not send their own birthday mail and Miko the only character who sends somebody else's birthday mail in addition to their own.
* The player may rename the Wanderer during [[Archon Quest]] ''[[As Though Morning Dew]]'' in [[Interlude Chapter]]: Act III - ''[[Inversion of Genesis]]'', and the name chosen will be reflected in Wanderer's  birthday mail as well.

===Preservation===
* If not in the Gift Mail Box, Birthday Mail has an expiration time of 365 days.
** Before [[Version 1.3]], only the Traveler's Birthday Mail had an expiration time of 365 days, while Birthday Mails for other characters had an expiration time of 30 days.
* Birthday Mail that was received before the implementation of the Gift Mail Box in [[Version 2.4]] was automatically moved into the Gift Mail Box as long as the mail remained in the player's Mailbox.
*Due to the shorter expiration time, it is not possible for the Gift Mail Box to have any Birthday Mail (except for Traveler's) that was received before Version 1.3:
** [[Xingqiu]] 2020
** [[Xiangling]] 2020
** [[Keqing]] 2020
** [[Sucrose]] 2020
** [[Kaeya]] 2020
** [[Zhongli]] 2020
** [[Diona]] 2021
** [[Traveler]] Year 1 (if received before January 5, 2021)<!--one year before the implementation of the Gift Mail Box in 2.4-->

===Dates===
* Characters whose birthdays are on February 29 will have their birthday mails sent on February 28 during non-leap years. This includes [[Bennett]], as well as the player should their birthday be set to that date.
* Characters who share the same birthday:<!-- chronological order -->
** [[Lynette]] and [[Lyney]]: February 2
** [[Arataki Itto]] and [[Paimon]]: June 1
** [[Klee]] and [[Kuki Shinobu]]: July 27
* The character whose first birthday mail was delivered the soonest after their release date was [[Chevreuse]]. Her release was on January 9, 2024, and her first birthday mail was delivered 1 day later on January 10, 2024.
* The character whose first birthday mail was delivered the latest after their release date was [[Kamisato Ayato]]. His release was on March 30, 2022, 4 days after his birthday, causing his first birthday mail to be delivered 361 days later on March 26, 2023.
* The first to celebrate their birthday in a year is [[Wanderer]], and the last to celebrate their birthday in a year is [[Zhongli]].

===Attachments===
* [[Paimon]] and the [[Raiden Shogun]]'s birthday mails do not include a special dish. 
* [[Ningguang]] is the only character that directly names [[Qiankun Mora Meat|the special dish]] attached in [[Birthday/Ningguang#Fragrance of Blessings|her letter]], although [[Xiangling]] comes close in [[Birthday/Xiangling#What I Want to Do on My Birthday!|her 2020 letter]] ("[[Wanmin Restaurant's Boiled Fish|Wanmin Restaurant's authentic Boiled Fish]]"). Other characters refer to their dish without naming it<!-- e.g., Xingqiu 2020, Bennett 2021 -->, only mention they cooked something<!-- e.g., Beidou 2021, Qiqi 2021 -->, only mention having a meal together<!-- e.g., Mona 2021, Amber 2021 -->, refer to another edible item in the mail instead<!-- e.g., Diluc 2021 -->, refer to other food entirely<!-- e.g., Bennett 2022 -->, or do not refer to food in any way at all<!-- e.g., Xiao 2021 -->.<!-- examples are only examples and are non-exhaustive -->
* Characters who have sent more than one of their special dish:<!-- chronological order -->
** [[Beidou]] 2021: {{Item|Flash-Fried Filet|x=2|20}}
** [[Noelle]] 2021: {{Item|Lighter-Than-Air Pancake|x=3|20}}
** [[Ningguang]] 2021: {{Item|Qiankun Mora Meat|x=8|20}}
* Characters who have sent dishes that can be cooked in-game besides their own Special Dishes:<!-- chronological order -->
** [[Noelle]] 2021: {{Item|Satisfying Salad|x=3|20}}
** [[Xiangling]] 2021: {{Item|Chili-Mince Cornbread Buns|20}}
** [[Thoma]] 2022: {{Item|Delicious Butter Crab|20}} and {{Item|Delicious Mixed Yakisoba|20}}
** [[Yun Jin]] 2022: {{Item|Grilled Tiger Fish|x=5|20}}
** [[Yoimiya]] 2022: {{Item|Taiyaki|x=2|20}}
** [[Raiden Shogun]] 2022: {{Item|Tricolor Dango|x=2|20}} and {{Item|Sakura Mochi|x=2|20}}
** [[Ningguang]] 2022: {{Item|Delicious Adeptus' Temptation|20}} and {{Item|Delicious Chicken Tofu Pudding|20}}
** [[Kaeya]] 2022: {{Item|Mint Jelly|20}}
** [[Wanderer]] 2023: {{Item|Delicious Candied Ajilenakh Nut|x=3|20}} and {{Item|Delicious Baklava|x=3|20}}
** [[Thoma]] 2023: {{Item|Delicious Sashimi Platter|20}} and {{Item|Cream Stew|20}}
** [[Yaoyao]] 2023: {{Item|Radish and Fish Stew|20}} and {{Item|Fried Radish Balls|20}}
** [[Noelle]] 2023: {{Item|Shawarma Wrap|20}} and {{Item|Panipuri|20}}
** [[Lisa]] 2023: {{Item|Delicious Rose Custard|20}}
** [[Yoimiya]] 2023: {{Item|Delicious Sakura Mochi|x=2|20}}
** [[Raiden Shogun]] 2023: {{Item|Tricolor Dango|x=2|20}}, {{Item|Onigiri|x=2|20}} and {{Item|Berry Mizu Manjuu|x=2|20}}
** [[Kuki Shinobu]] 2023: {{Item|Delicious Onigiri|x=3|20}} and {{Item|Delicious Katsu Sandwich|x=3|20}}
** [[Mika]] 2023: {{Item|Delicious "Pile 'Em Up"|20}} and {{Item|Delicious Northern Smoked Chicken|20}}
** [[Albedo]] 2023: {{Item|Delicious Fruits of the Festival|x=2|20}}
** [[Kaeya]] 2023: {{Item|Moon Pie|20}} and {{Item|Delicious Fruits of the Festival|20}}
** [[Layla]] 2023: {{Item|Baklava|x=3|20}}
** [[Tighnari]] 2023: {{Item|Delicious Pita Pocket|x=2|20}} and {{Item|Delicious Goulash|x=2|20}}
** [[Thoma]] 2024: {{Item|Five Pickled Treasures|x=2|20}} and {{Item|Dry-Braised Salted Fish|x=2|20}}
** [[Chevreuse]] 2024: {{Item|Delicious Fontinalia Mousse|20}}
** [[Diona]] 2024: {{Item|Delicious Northern Apple Stew|x=2|20}} and {{Item|Delicious Sticky Honey Roast|x=2|20}}
** [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]] 2024: {{Item|Delicious Rainbow Aster|x=2|20}} and {{Item|Delicious Egg Roll|x=2|20}}
** [[Yaoyao]] 2024: {{Item|Delicious Come and Get It|20}} and {{Item|Delicious Black-Back Perch Stew|20}}
** [[Shenhe]] 2024: {{Item|Delicious Eight-Treasure Duck|20}} and {{Item|Delicious Fine Tea, Full Moon|x=2|20}}
** [[Rosaria]] 2025: {{Item|Steak|x=3|20}}
* Characters who have sent consumable [[Food]] that cannot be cooked:<!-- chronological order -->
** [[Kaeya]] 2020: {{Item|Apple Cider|x=5|20}}
** [[Diluc]] 2021: {{Item|Apple Cider|x=5|20}}
** [[Albedo]] 2021: {{Item|Berry & Mint Burst|x=2|20}}
** [[Yun Jin]] 2022: {{Item|Pop's Teas|x=2|20}}
** [[Lisa]] 2022: {{Item|Wolfhook Juice|x=2|20}}
** [[Raiden Shogun]] 2022: {{Item|Dango Milk|x=2|20}}
** [[Kaeya]] 2022: {{Item|Apple Cider|20}}
** [[Rosaria]] 2023: {{Item|Wolfhook Juice|x=2|20}}
** [[Rosaria]] 2024: {{Item|Apple Cider|x=2|20}} and {{Item|Sparkling Berry Juice|x=2|20}}
** [[Lisa]] 2024: {{Item|Apple Cider|x=2|20}}
*If the player has 20 [[Qingxin Seed]] in their [[Seed Dispensary]] when receiving [[Ganyu]]'s 2021 birthday mail, they would be unable to claim any of the mail's rewards and would be met with a [[Errors|"No space left in inventory for another Qingxin Seed. Please free up some space and try again."]] message. As it was not possible to delete seeds from the dispensary, the player needed to plant at least 1 Qingxin in their [[Serenitea Pot]] before being able to claim the rewards.

===Voice-Overs===
*[[Mualani]] has the longest message for the Traveler in her "Birthday" voiceline.
*The [[Raiden Shogun]] has two birthday voicelines, one from [[The Shogun]] ("Birth Date") and one from [[Ei]] ("Birthday").
**[[Yae Miko]] also has a birthday voiceline called "Birth Date."
*[[Xingqiu]] also has two separate birthday voicelines for the Traveler: "Birthday: Wishing," and "Birthday: Customs."
*[[Ningguang]] has two separate birthday voicelines for Lumine and Aether; only one is available in-game depending on which Traveler you chose.

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|media}}

[[es:Cumpleaños]]
[[fr:Anniversaire]]
[[id:Ulang Tahun]]
[[ja:誕生日]]
[[pl:Urodziny]]
[[pt-br:Aniversário]]
[[ru:День рождения]]
[[th:วันเกิด]]
[[tr:Doğum günü]]
[[uk:День народження]]
[[vi:Sinh Nhật]]
[[zh:生日]]