{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19118
|image         = Hangout Event Under the Same Shade & Bits and Bobs for Cats and Dogs.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Thoma
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Housekeeper's Daily Chores
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Under the Same Shade
|characters    = Thoma; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Bits and Bobs for Cats and Dogs''''' is a quest in {{Quest|A Housekeeper's Daily Chores}}.

==Steps==
# Take photos of the stray cats and dogs from different angles (0/2)
# Talk to Thoma
# Wait until the following day (08:00&ndash;24:00)
# Dress the stray cats and dogs in sweaters with Thoma

==Gameplay Notes==
* [[Co-Op Mode]] is disabled while this quest is ongoing.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You meet up with [[Thoma]] again, and he brings the finished sweater.}}
===Special Care===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Thoma before taking photos)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 23.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Ahh, they're so cute... Come on, let's take some photos, {{Traveler}}.
----
;(Talk to Thoma)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well, I think we've got enough photos now.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I can't get over how cute they are! They're just adorable, aren't they, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} They're super cute.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'll have to think carefully about what kind of sweaters to knit for each of them.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The colors should be complementary... Hmm... Well you know what? Let's buy some yarn from the next store we pass.
:{{DIcon}} They're a pain in the butt.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, you mean because they won't keep still?
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' In their defense, they've not really had proper training. It's natural for them to want to move around.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You know, the first time I came here, there was just one stray dog on its own.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I still remember the first time I fed it. It was a rainy day.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The [[Kamisato Clan]] had just introduced a series of new policies, but a few of the more stubborn clan elders were extremely resistant to the changes.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I was holding my umbrella, on my way to visit one such gentleman of senior status. The plan was to talk him into supporting the clan's decision.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Sadly, he wasn't interested in having a conversation &mdash; he didn't even let me in. As soon as he saw me coming, he got his samurai to send me away.
:{{DIcon}} Some things even Thoma can't fix, huh?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I mean, I fixed it in the end of course. It's just that the first few visits didn't go so smoothly.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So anyway, after they turned me away, the weather went from bad to worse. The wind was so strong it rendered my umbrella completely useless... Before long, I was drenched from head to toe &mdash; I must have looked like a real mess.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 14.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I decided to take shelter under a tree, and found a stray dog sitting there who had the same idea as me.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 15.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' It saw me and moved a little further in, like it was trying to make room for me.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 16.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So, we sat there together. I shared my Onigiri with it &mdash; stone cold by this point, but still edible &mdash; and we ended up huddling together, waiting for the rain to stop.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 17.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' As far as the big shots are concerned, I'm just an expendable servant boy. I always have to be mindful about what they might want, and what I can do for them in return.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 18.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But when I'm with these little guys and gals, everything's so much simpler. One stone-cold Onigiri, and hey presto. We're friends for life.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 19.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Even when I show up empty-handed, they still come to me. When it comes down to it, I think it's these simple and straightforward connections that I value the most.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 20.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Sorry, ended up giving you the unabridged version! Shall we come visit this place again some other time?
:{{DIcon}} Yep, see you next time!
:{{DIcon}} As soon as you've done your knitting!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911802 thoma 21.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Great. I'll see you soon!
----
;(Dress the stray cats and dogs in sweaters with Thoma)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911801 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' *yawn* So sleepy...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911801 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I had some things I needed to do, so I ended up burning the midnight oil to get those sweaters knitted.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911801 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I wonder if they'll actually suit them though... Hmm, let's start by testing them out on the friendlier ones, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911801 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' This one's for Petal, this one's for Darko, and this one's for Goldilocks...
:{{Black Screen|''You dress the stray cats and dogs in sweaters with Thoma.''}}
:{{DIcon}} Most of them look great.
:{{DIcon}} Nice job.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911801 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' With any luck, that should see them through the winter.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911801 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Then, come the spring, a new year will begin...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911801 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' ...and they'll be free to roam the wilds once again.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911801 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You know, if you take one day at a time and be kind to the world, good things will come your way eventually.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911801 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' That might sound a bit naive, but I really do believe it.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911801 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' At least... it seems to have worked for me, you know?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: New Clothes!===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = New Clothes!
|ending name_alt = New Clothes
|character       = Thoma
|act             = 1
|description     = Thoma knits sweaters for the stray cats and dogs, but it seems that one doesn't quite fit.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Bits and Bobs for Cats and Dogs
|zhs     = 给猫猫狗狗的礼物
|zhs_rm  = Gěi Māomāogǒugǒu de Lǐwù
|zht     = 給貓貓狗狗的禮物
|zht_rm  = Gěi Māomāogǒugǒu de Lǐwù
|zh_tl   = Gift for Cats and Dogs
|ja      = 猫と犬への贈り物
|ja_rm   = Neko to Inu he no Okurimono
|ja_tl   = A Present for Cats and Dogs
|ko      = 고양이와 강아지에게 주는 선물
|ko_tl   = A Present for Cats and Dogs
|es      = Regalitos para perritos y gatitos
|es_tl   = Little Gifts for Puppies and Kittens
|fr      = Babioles et bibelots pour chiens et chats
|fr_tl   = Bits and Bobs for Cats and Dogs
|ru      = Подарки для кошек и собак
|ru_tl   = Gifts for Cats and Dogs
|th      = ของขวัญสำหรับเจ้าเพื่อนสี่ขาตัวน้อย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Quà Cho Chó Và Mèo
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geschenke für Katzen und Hunde
|de_tl   = Gifts for Cats and Dogs
|id      = Hadiah untuk Para Kucing dan Anjing
|id_tl   = Gift for Cats and Dogs
|pt      = Um presente para os cães e gatos
|pt_tl   = A Gift to the Dogs and Cats
|tr      = Kediler ve Köpekler İçin Bir Hediye
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Regalini per cani e gattini
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}