{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70823
|type          = World
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|npc           = Manager Kuan
|requirement   = Complete [[Of the Land Amidst Monoliths]]
|exp           = 100
|mora          = 16,000
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Cor Lapis|3}}
|characters    = Manager Kuan; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''Blackcliff Woes''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Manager Kuan]]
#* He's next to the toy shop
# Patrol the Chasm's perimeter
# Defeat all enemies and clear the obstacles
# Patrol the Chasm's perimeter
# Defeat all enemies
# Patrol the Chasm's perimeter
# Dismantle the monster camp
# Report back to Manager Kuan

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Chasm remains closed by order of the [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]], which has put the [[Blackcliff Forge]] out of action since. Manager Kuan is troubled over this matter...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Start the quest by talking to Manager Kuan)
:'''Manager Kuan:''' *sigh* How did this happen...
:{{DIcon}} Is something wrong?
:'''Manager Kuan:''' Oh, what would it be if not the problem with the Blackcliff Forge? Things were going so well for us, too. Ore production was high and workplace accidents were low.
:'''Manager Kuan:''' But a band of monsters suddenly came out of nowhere and took over one of our work sites.
:'''Manager Kuan:''' The Millelith tried to give them the boot many times, but they returned with greater numbers every single time.
:'''Manager Kuan:''' To ensure the workers' safety, I had to pull everyone back from the area.
:'''Manager Kuan:''' But if that site is down, the production pressures on the others go up. This could throw the whole Forge's production schedules into disarray!
:'''Manager Kuan:''' And I would go myself to investigate, but I dare not leave my daughter here or bring her along...
:'''Manager Kuan:''' If you would, Traveler, could you go to that worksite and help me check it out?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:'''Manager Kuan:''' Thanks. I'll be waiting for you here.
<!--
:{{DIcon}} Allow me.
::'''Manager Kuan:''' Thank you very much. I'll be waiting for you here.
:{{DIcon}} Work at the Blackcliff Forge has been stopped?
::'''Manager Kuan:''' It has. The order for us to cease work was sent directly from the Ministry of Civil Affairs.
::'''Manager Kuan:''' How could they just stop work at the drop of a hat like that? How will everyone get by? And we need their approval to resume work as well... *sigh*
::'''Manager Kuan:''' Please, help me to investigate the area around the Chasm.
-->

;(Talk to Manager Kuan again)
:'''Manager Kuan:''' The forge's quotas can't be extended any longer...
----
;(At the Chasm)
:'''Paimon:''' There's so many monsters... Things really don't look good here.

:'''Paimon:''' They've already set up camp. Are they gathering more monsters to this area?
:'''Paimon:''' It does look like this place isn't safe for work...

:'''Paimon:''' Even the Treasure Hoarders are here! What are they doing?
:'''Paimon:''' But Paimon thinks it makes sense. They're the only people who would do any work here...

:'''Paimon:''' Things really don't look good over here. Let's go back to Manager Kuan.
----
;(Return to Manager Kuan)
:'''Manager Kuan:''' What's the situation?
:{{DIcon}} It's full of monsters.
::'''Manager Kuan:''' Is that so... *sigh* Then it seems like that work site can't be reopened.
:{{DIcon}} It's full of Treasure Hoarders.
::'''Manager Kuan:''' Treasure Hoarders? And lots of monsters too? Ugh...
::'''Manager Kuan:''' Those Treasure Hoarders would really do anything for Mora, huh...
::'''Manager Kuan:''' Then it does indeed seem like that work site can't be reopened.
:'''Manager Kuan:''' I understand the situation. Please take this as thanks for your help.
:'''Manager Kuan:''' But at this rate, our quotas are going to require some extensions.
:'''Manager Kuan:''' Gah, I have to find some place where we can start work...
:'''Manager Kuan:''' *sigh* Where did those monsters come from...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Blackcliff Woes
|zhs     = 黑岩之困
|zhs_rm  = Hēiyán zhī Kùn
|zht     = 黑岩之困
|zht_rm  = Hēiyán zhī Kùn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 黒岩の悩み
|ja_rm   = Kuroiwa no Nayami{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Blackcliff Troubles
|ko      = 흑암의 고민
|ko_rm   = Heuk'am-ui Gomin
|ko_tl   = Blackcliff's Troubles
|es      = Un problema con la Forja
|es_tl   = A Problem At The Forge
|fr      = Problème au Gouffre
|fr_tl   = Problem at the Chasm
|ru      = Проблемы в Черногорье
|ru_tl   = Problems in Montenegro
|ru_note = Even though Montenegro means "Black Mountain," the name can ''not'' be translated as "Black Mountain," &mdash; let alone "Black Cliff."
|th      = ความยากลำบากแห่ง Blackcliff
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Khó Khăn Của Hắc Nham
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schwarzsteinknappheit
|de_tl   = Black Stone Shortage
|id      = Perangkap Blackcliff
|id_tl   = Blackcliff Trap
|pt      = Problemas com o Penhasco Obscuro
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}