{{Weapon Series Infobox
|quality  = 4
|region  = Liyue
|passive = Press the Advantage
|naming  = Weapon name: Blackcliff ''weapon''
|lore    = Weapons forged from Blackcliff at the [[Blackcliff Forge]]
|other   = Main attribute: CRIT DMG
}}
The '''Blackcliff Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 4-star [[Weapon Series]], themed after the [[Blackcliff Forge]].

The shared ability bonus of this series is '''Press the Advantage'''.
{{Description|After defeating an opponent, ATK is increased by '''12–24'''% for 30s. This effect has a maximum of 3 stacks, and the duration of each stack is independent of the others.}}

Additionally all weapons of this series share the same '''main attribute,''' Crit DMG, but with different values.

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Blackcliff Series}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* '''Press the Advantage''' requires the character equipped with the weapon to be on the field and also to be the one that deals the fatal blow.

==Lore==
Weapons made of a rare stone called "blackcliff" that were created at the Blackcliff Forge.

After finishing the prototype series, [[Han Wu]] overhauled his entire weapon catalog. Han Wu started with a design for a sword made of crystallized blackcliff, contacting a friend in the [[Yun Family]] to be able to go personally with a crew to gather the rare materials he needed at [[the Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]].<ref name="Blackcliff Sword">{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Longsword}}</ref><br>
During this time period, mining flourished in Liyue and miners kept expanding further to find more ore under Mt. Tianheng and the surrounding area. Some of these expanding mine shafts reached all the way to the earth's core, such as at the Chasm.<ref name="Blackcliff Agate">{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Agate}}</ref>

While Han Wu was gathering the materials needed for the sword, there was a cave-in that trapped him and the crew. Within the constant darkness for the four days they were trapped they slowly gave into madness and despair until Han Wu noticed a faint flickering coming from the corner of the cave, the prototype sword that he had brought along with him.<br>
Using the sword, Han Wu carved through the rock that had trapped them until they reached the surface, where the sword shattered and Han Wu's strength gave out.<ref name="Blackcliff Sword" /> After this experience Han Wu's personality changed significantly and he stopped using his furnace to make weapons.<ref name="Blackcliff Slasher">{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Slasher}}</ref>

Han Wu's son, [[Han Ce]], had never been interested in his father's craft and instead wanted to be a martial nomad. Han Wu had high hopes that he would continue the family trade, but Han Ce was adamantly against it and at some point in the past left home without saying farewell to his father.<br>
But once he heard of the mining accident his father had, he hurried home and found his father a changed man, no longer angry at him for abandoning the forge. During this time they grew close, and Han Ce regretted his past actions, looking for a way to redeem himself.<ref name="Blackcliff Pole">{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Pole}}</ref>

Within a few months, Han Ce read that the earth's core had been sealed off by a monster infestation and went to tell his father. Upon hearing the news, Han Wu was filled with guilt, certain that it was his trip into the mine that had disturbed the dragon from underground and the meteorite from the heavens.<br>
He forced himself up from his sickbed, lit the fires of the furnace, and forged a broadsword. On instructions of his father, Han Ce took the sword into the mineshaft, made a shrine there as tall as himself and placed the sword within to ward off evil and rebuke the dragon.<ref name="Blackcliff Slasher" /><br>
During this time, Han Wu also crafted the Blackcliff Longsword as a way of recreating the sword that had broken during his escape from the cave-in.<ref name="Blackcliff Sword" />

Several years later, Han Wu died peacefully in his sleep. At the time of his death, a traveler was passing by the mineshaft and saw a crimson light shining from within the rocks. As the traveler watched, a shrine appeared and opened, revealing a broadsword that shone faintly as if weeping. Han Ce went out and retrieved the broadsword that night.<ref name="Blackcliff Slasher" />

Han Wu's will left Han Ce with an archive of weapon designs of the prototypes which were covered in comments written by his father.
Overjoyed, Han Ce read them all night long and when he finally stepped out of the house in the morning a meteorite fell directly in front on him. Han Ce took it as a sign and used the material, [[Aerosiderite]], alongside the blackcliff at the forge to craft a pole based on the prototype model. He could've taken this spear and traveled the world like in his past, but he vowed to keep the furnace going and keep crafting weapons as a way to redeem himself of his former choices.<ref name="Blackcliff Pole" />

The house of Yun was another established family of craftsmen in Liyue. The head of the family, [[Yun Hui]], had become a member of the Qixing, leaving his only child [[Yun Huang]] to take over the craft. If she married, her husband would take over as head of the house by family custom. Since she was raised by an unyielding martial artist, she refused this route and took over on her own.<br>
However, over time the land had become increasingly plagued by earthquakes that caused landslides and cave-ins likely due to mining so close to the core, and so by the time Yun Huang took over it was extremely difficult and dangerous to find ore.<br>
Yun Huang feared that her family's name and craft would end with her and prayed for celestial intervention. That night Han Ce arrived at the village and handed Yun Huang the plans of the prototype weapons that his father had edited. He also took out a bow and said: "As the issue arose from Blackcliff, so too shall it end by Blackcliff. It is said that the house of Yun appreciates archery. Should it please you, give this bow a try." As she fired an arrow into the sky, Yun Huang knew her prayer had been answered.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Warbow}}</ref>

As the earthquakes continued to worsen, a man arrived at Mt. Qingce claiming to be a thaumaturge visiting Liyue trying to find two craftsmen by the names of Yun and Han. Yun Huang was a resident of Qingce village at the time, and she sent a messenger to fetch Han Ce. The thaumaturge informed them both that in the past, the Yuns and Hans had jointly crafted a catalyst for the thaumaturges of the world. The thaumaturges wished to give them a piece of crimson Cor Purum in the hope that it might help the people of Liyue through this troubled time.<br>
On receiving the message, Yun Huang and Han Ce lit the furnace at once and crafted a blackcliff catalyst with the crimson Pur Lapis as its core. This crimson stone resonated with the ley lines of the earth, glowing to give warning of tectonic activity.<br>
This catalyst was placed at the foot of Mt. Tianheng for people to see and know whether it was safe to go into the mines. When peaceful times returned to Liyue, the Blackcliff Agate disappeared along with the fury of the earth's core.<ref name="Blackcliff Agate" />

==Trivia==
* The dragon mentioned by Han Wu may be [[Azhdaha]], as the dragon is said to be connected to the ley lines of Liyue.
* Based on the thaumaturge's arrival in Liyue being at Mt. Qingce, it seems the thaumaturges either live to the north of Liyue or simply had to travel around Mt. Tianheng since it often blocks entry to Liyue from the west.
* Each weapon of the series share very similar design to their counterparts in the [[Prototype Series]], from which they were developed.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Press the Advantage
|zhs     = 乘胜追击
|zhs_rm  = Chéngshèng Zhuījī
|zht     = 乘勝追擊
|zht_rm  = Chéngshèng Zhuījí
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 勝ちに乗じる
|ja_rm   = Kachi ni Joujiru
|ja_tl   = Follow the Victory
|ko      = 승승장구
|ko_tl   = Victory After Victory
|es      = Victoria tras victoria
|es_tl   = Victory After Victory
|fr      = De victoire en victoire
|fr_tl   = From Victory to Victory
|ru      = Преследование побеждённых
|ru_tl   = Persecution of the Defeated
|th      = Press the Advantage
|vi      = Thừa Thắng Xông Lên
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Triumphaler Übermut
|de_tl   = Triumphant High Spirits
|id      = Press the Advantage
|pt      = De vitória em vitória
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Zaferden Zafere
|tr_tl   = From Victory to Victory
|it      = Vittoria a oltranza
|it_tl   = Victory to the End
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[es:Series de armas#Serie Peñasco Oscuro]]
[[ja:黒岩シリーズ]]
[[pt-br:Série Penhasco Obscuro]]
[[uk:Серія Чорна скеля]]