{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74678
|image         = <!-- Event Quest Blade Dance's Unexpected End.png -->
|type          = World
|event_name    = Dance of Resolute Will
|requirement   = Complete all stages
|characters    = Costentin; Enghiene; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[West Slopes of Mont Automnequi]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Belleau Region
|subarea       = West Slopes of Mont Automnequi
|prev          = The Art of the Elegant Blade Dance?
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
}}
'''''Blade Dance's Unexpected End!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the Event [[Dance of Resolute Will]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Costentin]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After experiencing a unique battle on the Blade Dancer's stage, you and Paimon plan to give Costentin some feedback, but discover something has changed...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Enghiene and Costentin)
:'''Enghiene:''' Unauthorized combat, unauthorized combat! Seize them immediately!
:'''Enghiene:''' Upon discovering such a dangerous Domain, you should have reported it straight back to the Maison Gardiennage, not started an unauthorized investigation, let alone used violence... You really are a bloodthirsty one, aren't you?
:'''Costentin:''' B&ndash;B&ndash;B&ndash;But please! Not only are we not in the Court of Fontaine, but we're beating up monsters! Can we really be arrested for that?
:'''Enghiene:''' Are you a registered member of the Adventurers' Guild?
:'''Costentin:''' N&ndash;No, I'm not... I didn't have what it takes to pass their physical tests...
:'''Enghiene:''' Then presumably you informed the Maison Gardiennage in advance that you planned on using weapons within the borders of Fontaine?
:'''Costentin:''' Huh? You have to declare in advance that you're planning to use weapons?
:'''Enghiene:''' Of course you do! If any old Pierre, Paul, or Jacques could start a fight in Fontaine whenever they wanted, where would that leave the Maison Gardiennage?
:'''Enghiene:''' Waving weapons around like toys without a permit, you're lucky that the Gardemeks didn't treat you like an intruder!
:'''Enghiene:''' Take a good look at yourself! You're practically a fake Fontainian. Do you seriously think us arresting you would be some grave miscarriage of justice?
:'''Costentin:''' I've completely misjudged this whole thing! As a writer, I selected my source material poorly, and should have known better than to overlook the basic setting of the story... A complete dereliction of duty!
:{{DIcon}} We often investigate Domains on a whim...
:{{DIcon}} ...and we've never had to declare anything before?
:'''Paimon:''' But it's been ages since we became adventurers, so there shouldn't be a problem, right?
:'''Enghiene:''' Oh? It's you two! You're both A-listers!
:'''Enghiene:''' Ahem, my name is Enghiene and I am a veteran member of the Gardes with years of experience out in the wilds. A short time ago, while patrolling nearby, I caught sight of this reckless fellow...
:'''Enghiene:''' He explained the ins and outs of why he's been loitering around here, and showed me this strange Domain. He also informed me that the two of you were taking part in this "Blade Dance" of his.
:'''Paimon:''' Eek!
:{{DIcon}} We had a "smashing" time in there.
:{{DIcon}} Are we under arrest too?
:'''Enghiene:''' Of course not! On the contrary, in light of the outstanding pluck and valor that the two of you have shown, I'd say you deserve a handsome reward!
:'''Enghiene:''' Despite the recklessness of his "undeclared use of dangerous weaponry," all we're really talking about here is bringing this rascal in and giving him a verbal warning.
:'''Enghiene:''' Not like he committed any major crimes, so of course he won't be punished too severely.
:'''Costentin:''' Even if it's just a fine, I'm afraid that I have but little Mora to give you...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't panic, don't panic!
:'''Paimon:''' Though Costentin tends to exaggerate, he's certainly not a bad person... He's just mesmerized by the art and elegance of combat and wants to write a novel, that's all.
:'''Enghiene:''' Do you hear that? The celebrities are interceding on your behalf... Don't let me catch you making the same mistake again, you reckless &mdash; albeit thoroughly decent &mdash; fellow!
:'''Costentin:''' Next time, I guarantee you I'll do all the necessary preparation before I start another on-site investigation!
:'''Enghiene:''' Anyway, I'll do things by the book and take him back to the Maison Gardiennage for a good tongue-lashing.
:'''Enghiene:''' Another member of the Gardes will be over later to get this Domain properly cleaned up...
:'''Enghiene:''' But with you two here, it doesn't really pose a danger anyway.
:'''Enghiene:''' If you so desire, please feel free to carry on beating up the monsters inside... You'd be doing my colleague a huge favor!
:'''Paimon:''' So... We're now a pair of knights in shining armor who've been doubly rewarded &mdash; not only by a sword novelist, but by the Maison Gardiennage too! All in all, not a bad little detour, eh?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The phrase "Pierre, Paul, or Jacques" that Enghiene uses is based on the French version of the real-life phrase {{w|Tom, Dick, and Harry}}.
* Enghiene previously met the Traveler and Paimon in the {{Quest|Fungi Are Not Tidalga!}}, although this meeting of theirs is not brought up in any form even if the player has completed the aforementioned Event Quest.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Blade Dance's Unexpected End!
|zhs     = 剑舞的意外谢幕！
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 劍舞的意外謝幕！
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 剣舞の予想外な結末！
|ja_rm   = Kenbu no Yosougai-na Ketsumatsu!
|ja_tl   = Sword Dance's Unexpected End!
|ko      = 검무, 뜻밖의 결말!
|ko_tl   = Sword Dance, an Unexpected End!
|es      = Un final inesperado para la danza de la espada
|es_tl   = An Unexpected End to the Sword Dance
|fr      = La fin inattendue de la danse des lames !
|fr_tl   = Blade Dance's Unexpected End!
|ru      = Неожиданное завершение танца с мечом!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ระบำดาบที่จบลงอย่างคาดไม่ถึง!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Buổi Diễn Bế Mạc Ngoài Ý Muốn!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unerwartetes Ende eines Klingentanzes!
|de_tl   = Blade Dance's Unexpected End!
|id      = Akhir tak Terduga dari Tarian Pedang!
|id_tl   = The Unexpected End of the Sword Dance!
|pt      = Final Inesperado da Dança da Espada!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kılıç Dansının Beklenmedik Sonu!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La fine inaspettata della Danza delle lame!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

[[pt-br:Final Inesperado da Dança da Espada!]]
[[ru:Неожиданное завершение танца с мечом!]]