{{About|the Fontaine NPC|a disambiguation|Blanche}}
{{Character Infobox
|name             = Blanche
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Blanche (Fontaine).png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = "Tricky Bulle Fruit"
|siblingNote      = adopted brother
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Blanche''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Villains}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
In her infancy, Blanche was abandoned by her parents in [[Fontaine]]'s wilderness. She was discovered by [["Tricky Bulle Fruit"]], who had been out scavenging. He decided to adopt her and they viewed each other as siblings.

As Blanche saw her adopted brother as role model, she wanted to become a [[Treasure Hoarder]] when she grew up, something which he was not particularly fond of. To that end, he decides to ensure that she would enjoy her life and soon stumbled upon a formula for [["Pure Water"]], which he intends to use for her own well-being and betrays the Fruity Order. The Traveler first encounters Blanche in the [[Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region]], where two of her brother's colleagues demands to know of his whereabouts. The Traveler steps in and they help her find her brother, who had been hiding in a house nearby to perfect the formula.

The Fruity Order, upset by the betrayal, sends [["Ruthless Calla Lily"]] to silence him. After a brief fight that results in her defeat, Blanche gives her a copy of the formula to apologize on her brother's behalf, which she accepts and leaves. After sending the formula to the [[Fontaine Research Institute]], he found Blanche a photography tutor and sent himself to the [[Fortress of Meropide]]. Blanche left behind a [[Blanche's Letter|letter]] and two "super huge, super sweet" [[Bulle Fruit]]s at Fontaine's [[Adventurers' Guild]] branch for the Traveler and Paimon.

===Appearance===
Blanche has brown hair, blue eyes, and wears a golden dress.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Blanche
|zhs     = 布兰琪
|zhs_rm  = Bùlánqí
|zht     = 布蘭琪
|zht_rm  = Bùlánqí
|ja      = ブランシュ
|ja_rm   = Buranshu
|ko      = 블랑키
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Blanche
|fr      = Blanche
|ru      = Бланш
|th      = Blanche
|vi      = Blanche
|de      = Blanche
|id      = Blanche
|pt      = Blanche
|tr      = Blanche
|it      = Blanche
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}