{{Act Infobox
|image          = Summertime Odyssey Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Summertime Odyssey
|actNum         = III
|actType        = None
|prev           = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared
|next           = Immernachtreich Apokalypse
}}
'''Blazin' Trails''' is the third act of the [[Summertime Odyssey]] event.

==Quests==
* [[Blazin' Trails (Part 1)]]
* [[Blazin' Trails (Part 2)]]
* [[Blazin' Trails (Part 3)]]

==Summary==
The following day, Xinyan and the others decide to head to the [[Broken Isle/2.8|Broken Isle]]; however, Fischl has made up an excuse not to join them. When they get there, Xinyan spots a drum-like instrument covered in vines and touches it, which transports everyone to an underground domain. They eventually meet a massive flower known as [[Blazing Heart]], who tells the group that they will need to bring it Glacial Spring Water to open the path before they can proceed any further. While following a water vein, the group finds a note left by Albedo, which claims that the island is actually a giant musical instrument. The group draws water from the spring and sprinkles it on Blazing Heart, which revitalizes it and opens the path to the hall of music. 

Much like in Kazuha's mirage, the mirage in the hall of music touches on many parts of Xinyan's past: Xinyan's own mother had not supported her dreams of becoming a singer, telling her that birds were only capable of singing because they drank spring water from the mountains. As Xinyan grew older, she faced more pushback from her family and other Liyue residents, who disapproved of her music. Mona, Kazuha, and Paimon are angered on Xinyan's behalf; however, she tells them that she has grown a thick skin from all the criticism, learning how to solve her problems without anger or conflict. After going through some memories, the group stop for lunch by Xinyan's house, which is also located in the mirage. Inside, Xinyan finds that the mirage had conjured Xiangling and Yun Jin from her memories, who had come to throw her a surprise birthday party. Xinyan makes a birthday wish — "to perform with someone completely unexpected" – which transports everyone out of the mirage. 

The group decides to clear the blockages in the water veins to connect the islands and reform the giant instrument described in Albedo's notes. The group speaks to another flower, [[Frozen Soul]]. who allows them to use its power to dredge the mountains on the island. With this, they restore the water levels on the island, bringing music back to the isle and allowing Xinyan to fulfill her wish. She performs a special song, paying respect to the musician who transformed the island into an instrument in the past. Soon after, Mona reveals that, like Kazuha and the Traveler, she was aware of the Fatui presence on the Archipelago and had also already warned Fischl. The group heads to the island to the north, but finds the Fatui camp completely empty and the strange machine abandoned. Mona performs a divination and finds an energy flow leading to [[Twinning Isle/2.8|Twinning Isle]].

There, they run into Fischl, whose odd behavior causes everyone to be concerned for her. Nonetheless, Mona insists on waiting for Fischl's mirage to appear so they can get to the bottom of the matter.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Blazin' Trails
|zhs       = 烈火踏歌行
|zhs_rm    = Lièhuǒ Tàgē-xíng
|zht       = 烈火踏歌行
|zht_rm    = Lièhuǒ Tàgē-xíng
|zh_tl     = Blazing Trails of Round Dance
|zhja_note = {{zh|踏歌|rm=tàgē}}/{{ja|踏歌|rm=touka|lit=tap dancing and singing}} is a literary term for {{w|round dance}}.
|ja        = 烈炎踏歌行
|ja_rm     = Retsuen Touka-kou{{assumed}}
|ja_tl     = Blazing Trails of Round Dance{{Sino|ja}}
|ko        = 뜨거운 노래의 길
|ko_rm     = Tteugeoun Norae-ui Gil
|ko_tl     = Passionate Road of Songs
|es        = Canción ardiente
|es_tl     = Blazing Song
|fr        = Chanson endiablée
|fr_tl     = Wild Song
|ru        = Пламенная песнь
|ru_tl     = Fiery Song
|th        = ขับขานบทเพลงที่แผดเผา
|th_rm     = Kabkarn Bot Plaeng thi Paedpao
|th_tl     = Echoes of Blazing Song
|vi        = Hành Trình Lửa Và Nhạc
|vi_tl     = Journey of Fire and Music
|de        = Flammende Pfade
|de_tl     = Flaming Paths
|id        = Jalan yang Membara
|id_tl     = The Burning Road
|pt        = Caminhada Dançante Pelo Fogo Ardente
|pt_tl     = Dancing Walk Through The Burning Fire
|tr        = Alevli Yollar
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Scie infuocate
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Una travesía estival (III)]]
[[ja:烈炎踏歌行]]
[[pt-br:Caminhada Dançante Pelo Fogo Ardente]]