{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40070
|title         = Blazin' Trails
|image         = Event Quest Blazin' Trails 3.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|act           = Blazin' Trails
|actNum        = III
|actType       = None
|part          = 3
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Fischl; Kaedehara Kazuha; Mona; Oz; Paimon; Traveler; Xinyan; Blazing Heart; Frozen Soul
|startLocation = [[Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|region        = Golden Apple Archipelago
|area          = 
|prev          = Blazin' Trails (Part 2)
|next          = Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 1)
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Blazin' Trails''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event. It is the third quest of the third part.

==Steps==
# Clear the water veins on the island (0/2)
# Talk to everyone
# Obtain Blazing Heart's help
# Look for Frozen Soul
# Plant [[Frozen Soul's Petal|Frozen Soul's petal]]
# Use the powers of Frozen Soul
# Clear the water veins on the island (0/2)
# Inform Frozen Soul of the result
#* Enter [[Blazin' Trails]]
# Go to the hill where the wind blows
# Check the Fatui machine
# Defeat the opponents
#*{{Enemy List|Large Electro Slime*2;Large Hydro Slime;Hydro Slime*2|#*}}
# Return to the Fatui's bastion
# Go to the island that Mona mentioned

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Plants and instruments, melodies and memories, old acquaintances and her hometown... All of them constitute a crucial part of Xinyan's music. There must be some reason that  her mirage has shown up on this special island.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Clear the 4 water veins)
;(Approach the marked area) 
:{{A|vo yqeq107 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've done everything we can, but how do we deal with the last two mountains?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 1 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Let's stick to it. There's gotta be a way.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 1 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' After taking a closer look, it seems to me that most of the island mountains contain water veins and plants in their interior. Those together form a system that connects the mountains with one another.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 1 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' However, now that much of the mountains have collapsed, the connection of plants and water veins is blocked.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 1 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' If we can dredge all the blockages, we will be able to connect the islands to form the giant instrument described in Albedo's notes, and play music using the islands themselves.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 1 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Yep, for me to reach my goal, we gotta do this... But first, I'd like to consult the flower. It should know what to do.
;(A scene transition occurs)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 2 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Some of the plants and water veins on the island mountains have been lost. Do you happen to know another way to dredge the blockages?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 2 blizzing 01.ogg}} '''Blazing Heart:''' I know someone who can help you with that. Go ask my companion, Frozen Soul, who lives upstairs.

;(Approach Frozen Soul)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 3 flaring 01.ogg}} '''Frozen Soul:''' Who are you, and what brings you to me?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 3 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Nice to meet you. We were wondering if we could use your power to dredge the mountains on the island.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 3 flaring 02.ogg}} '''Frozen Soul:''' Mountains? Oh, I see... you want to become great musicians too, right?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? Is that what this is about?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 3 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Correct.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 3 flaring 03.ogg}} '''Frozen Soul:''' In that case, we seek the same thing. Despite my frailty, I feel obligated to share some of my power with you.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 3 flaring 04.ogg}} '''Frozen Soul:''' Plant my petal at the ending point of the intersection of melodies, and what had once sunk into the earth will re-emerge with the music. As long as there is music, life will continue to flourish in this world.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 3 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' ...Thank you.
;(A domain transition occurs)

;(After planting Frozen Soul's Petal)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 4 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Okay, this ought to do the trick.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 4 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' There is a sound coming from the island.
----
;(Clear the 2 water veins; a short music theme plays)
;(Talk to Frozen Soul)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 5 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Can you feel anything, now that we've planted the petal?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 5 flaring 01.ogg}} '''Frozen Soul:''' Yes, I can feel it. The sun is shining brightly, the sea gleams like a gemstone, the waves lap the milky-white beaches, and the grains of sand are pulled into the sea, then pushed back ashore...
:{{A|vo yqeq107 5 flaring 02.ogg}} '''Frozen Soul:''' ...the seabirds are landing on the rocks, pecking gently and making rhythmic sounds. ♪ dum-dum, dum-dum ♪...
:{{A|vo yqeq107 5 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' It's music.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 5 flaring 03.ogg}} '''Frozen Soul:''' This is indeed music. In fact, this whole island is a giant musical instrument. Since you are a musician, you should be able to understand the meaning behind its original creation.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 5 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Making music with the tides, waves, and sea breeze as your instruments is the most romantic thing in the world.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 5 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Let's go, everyone. It's time for my performance.
;(A scene transition occurs)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 5 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Kazuha, can you feel the wind? Which direction is it blowing in?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 5 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It's coming from that direction. I'll take you to a hill where the wind blows.
----
{{Quest Description|update|Plants and instruments, melodies and memories, old acquaintances and her hometown... All of them constitute a crucial part of Xinyan's music. There must be some reason that her mirage has shown up on this special island. As her fingers dance on the strings, two souls devoted to music resonate in a duet across time.}}

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Finally, the time has come.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Everyone, I once made a wish to perform with someone no one could have expected. And today, on this island, I've found my answer.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' No one knows the name or appearance of the man who transformed this island into a giant musical instrument so many years ago, but he is unquestionably one of Teyvat's greatest musicians.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I never imagined I'd be able to see such an instrument, and I never imagined we'd be able to play it during a high tide.
:{{DIcon}} Are you going to play some rock 'n' roll?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' No.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Music is the gift one gives to their kindred spirit, so... I'll play something that makes for a better duet with the original musician.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' No rock music for today. Instead, I'm gonna show you something new!
;(A short cutscene plays)
:;(Xinyan plays the guitar with her hair untied)
:;(The scene transitions to a young Xinyan looking out the window at a male guitarist playing a tune)
:;(Young Xinyan sparkles her eyes and imagines herself playing the guitar)
:;(The scene returns to Xinyan)
::'''Xinyan:''' To you who lived here in the past, I hope you liked this song
:;(Cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 09.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' ...Phew.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 10.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' How was it? Not bad, huh?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Quite impressive.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I've never heard a duet like that before. It was very interesting.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And so elegant as well! Paimon's not sure how best to put it... But it was just super unique.
:{{DIcon}} A performance with a lot of personality.
:{{DIcon}} A performance with a lot of charm.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 11.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hehe, thank you.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 12.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' And now I can say my wish has come true.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Is there anything else you'd like to do?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 13.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' No, in fact, I reckon I'll get a good night's sleep tonight.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Does this mean everyone is free for the time being? If so, I have a suggestion.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I'd like to return to the Fatui camp, and see what's going on there.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh? So you've discovered the Fatui camp as well.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Wait, you know about it too?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Of course, I'm a genius astrologist. Didn't I mention that my scryglass has recovered a little? I can sense what's going on here through divination.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 14.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Uh, I didn't know the Fatui were here too.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Indeed. I also informed Fischl of this when we parted ways today. If she runs into them, she'll stay hidden and out of danger.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I see, then perhaps we should tell everyone what we know.

:'''You tell everyone about the Fatui camp and the strange machine you found on the day you arrived...'''

:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' A strange machine, and delirious Fatui...? Are you suggesting these are connected to the mirage?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I can't say I'm certain, but I don't believe they are completely unrelated.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 6 xinyan 15.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Fair enough. Let's go check out the camp.
----

;(Approaching the Fatui machine)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Where did they come from!?

;(After defeating the opponents)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's strange that on our way here, we've only run into local monsters, and no Fatui.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 7 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' How bizarre... there are still signs of the camp, and the machine is still here, but all the people have vanished.
:'''(Traveler):''' (This machine must have something to do with the mirages. Sure, it's broken, but maybe that itself is the cause.)
:'''(Traveler):''' (...But if the machine can cause people to hallucinate, why did they vanish? Is there anything else going on?)
:'''(Traveler):''' (Did they disappear, or are they hiding from us?)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 7 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I give up &mdash; I'm just going to divine the answer.
;(Mona attempts a divination)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 7 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq107 7 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' What's this...? Some kind of energy flow?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 7 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Sorry, everyone, I can't seem to find any trace of the Fatui. My scryglass has gotten hazy again, but this time, I can sense some sort of energy converging and taking physical form.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 7 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The destination is... the island over there.
;(Mona looks at [[Twinning Isle]])
:{{A|vo yqeq107 7 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Whose mirage will it be this time?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 7 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm... let's head over and have a look. Maybe we'll be able to find something there.
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Here we are.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Huh? Fischl?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's really her! Hey, Fischl&mdash;!
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...Hmph, my imprudent retainers, you've finally arrived.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' O&mdash;Oh my, long time no see!
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' It hasn't been that long, has it?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Ahem... Mein Fräulein and I sensed a peculiar aura, and came here ahead of time to reunite with everyone. We weren't expecting you... Well, what I mean to say is, you arrived sooner than we expected.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it just Paimon, or does Oz seem nervous?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' The advent of the Immernachtreich is imminent, and I still need to prepare for the consecration.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein, are you sure you&mdash;
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I am quite capable of acting on my own, Oz. If you're weary of the encroaching darkness of the night, you're quite welcome to return to the blinding brightness of the day.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 oz 04.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Please, mein Fräulein, do not say such things. I am your loyal attendant, your eyes, and I will never leave your side.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...Stop staring at me like that! A&mdash;Anyway, the time of explanation... is not yet upon us, hmph!
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 oz 05.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Oh, mein Fräulein!
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 oz 06.ogg}} '''Oz:''' I do apologize, everyone. Mein Fräulein is having a rough day &mdash; please do not take it to heart. I must also excuse myself now.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...Huh, still no improvement in her mood, even after all this time away from the group.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' As soon as I saw Fischl, I realized that the mirage that's about to take shape here must have something to do with her.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes. I, at least, felt a peculiar sense of familiarity when I approached my mirage.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Me too. Even though it didn't really make sense, I just had a feeling that something exciting was gonna happen.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Exactly, if Fischl and Oz can also sense something, then our suspicions are likely to be right on the Mora... Fischl's probably agitated because she doesn't want to confront her mirage.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How come?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Maybe her mirage conceals some secrets that she doesn't want anyone to know about.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Let's all take a rest here for now. When the mirage appears, we will get to the bottom of this mystery.
;(Quest ends)

<!--where are they??-->
;(Talk to Xinyan)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' The melody from my mirage is stil playing in my head. That was such an incredible experience!
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I was able to make my wish come true, but I'm not sure if everyone else will have as good an experience as I did...
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Let's get some rest so we'll have enough energy! Whatever happens, I should do everything I can to help my friends.

;(Talk to Kaedehara Kazuha)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I didn't bring it up at that time since I didn't want to cause anyone any more distress... still, the dissapearance of the Fatui worries me.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' From the look on your face... I see, it appears we have similar thoughts.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Then let's stay diligent, and keeps an eye out for any further developments.

;(Talk to Mona)
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' What kind of mirage would Fischl not want to confront?
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Could it be... that a swarm of phantoms will emerge, each claiming to be the true Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort, Soveregn of the Immernachtreich, and ruler of the Ashen Darkness...
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' And then they'll immediately start arguing with each other in their completely incomprehensible language... eek.
:{{A|vo yqeq107 8 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Forget that, I shouldn't scare myself...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Unsorted Voice-Overs===
: {{A|vo yqeq107 8 blizzing 01.ogg}} '''Blazing Heart:''' The spirit of resistance!
: {{A|vo yqeq107 8 blizzing 02.ogg}} '''Blazing Heart:''' It feels good to shout out your motto at the top of your voice.
----
: {{A|vo yqeq107 8 flaring 01.ogg}} '''Frozen Soul:''' Shh... calm your mind and listen carefully.
: {{A|vo yqeq107 8 flaring 02.ogg}} '''Frozen Soul:''' Can you hear it? The ocean, the sky, and the mountains... everything in the world has its own unique song.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/F_pGWRuHs0A
|caption1 = Blazin' Trails Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|Blazin' Trails (Part 1)|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[ru:Пламенная песнь (Часть 3)]]