{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40068
|title         = Blazin' Trails
|image         = Event Quest Blazin' Trails 1.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|act           = Blazin' Trails
|actNum        = III
|actType       = None
|part          = 1
|characters    = Kaedehara Kazuha; Mona; Paimon; Traveler; Xinyan; Blazing Heart
|startLocation = [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|area          = Golden Apple Archipelago
|subarea       = 
|prev          = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared (Part 3)
|next          = Blazin' Trails (Part 2)
|domain        = Blazin' Trails (Domain)
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Blazin' Trails''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event. It is the first quest of the third part.

==Steps==
# Rest until the following day (06:00&ndash;24:00)
# Talk to everyone
# Head to the island in the north
# Strike the strangely shaped plant
#* Enter [[The Islands' Stirring Strings]]'s Quest Domain: [[Blazin' Trails]]
# Talk to everyone
# Go to the brightly lit place
# Look for the [[Key (Blazin' Trails)|key]]
# Open the door using the key
# Follow the path
# Approach the giant flower
# Clear the water veins that flow through the mountains
# Talk to everyone
# Clear the water veins that flow through the mountains
# Obtain [[Bottle of Spring Water|Glacial Spring Water]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Following Mona's divination result, the party heads to another island. There, you see a strangely shaped plant which looks like... some kind of musical instrument?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the camp)
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Get up, lazybones! The sun's so high, it's right in your eyes!
:{{DIcon}} ...
::{{DIcon}} Paimon, it's fine, I sleep with my eyes closed.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's why you couldn't see that the sun's in your eyes!
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I trust you slept well, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Well enough.
:{{DIcon}} I slept great!
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Sounds like the same story for everyone. I got up first today, so I took a walk around and picked some fruits for our breakfast.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And Paimon's been waiting for you to get up so she can finally dig in!
:{{Black Screen|You all enjoy breakfast together and get chatting...}}
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Fischl left first thing in the morning?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Yeah, she seemed unwilling to stay with us. She said she had some other work to do for the Adventurers' Guild.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A likely story! What happened to coming here to restore the glory of the Immernachtreich? Now she has Guild work to do all of a sudden?
:{{DIcon}} Alright, Paimon, keep it together...
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Judging by that look on her face... there was probably something on her mind.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' We tried sending Mona to comfort her, like before... but she said Mona doesn't understand the work of the Adventurers' Guild, and can't go with her.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She didn't even make up some excuse about the Immernachtreich to get some time alone? That's out of character for her.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Then she must be feeling quite troubled.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I'd love to help her as a friend... but she was right about one thing. We're going to explore another island today.
:{{DIcon}} Oh? Is that so?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, votes are in, it's unanimous.
:{{DIcon}} But I wasn't there for the vote!
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh, yeah, about that... Paimon went ahead and voted for you. She said since you're always together, her opinion counts as yours, and vice versa.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, well, you are an adventurer, after all. Paimon knew you'd wanna go exploring!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Aah, Paimon... well, guess it's happening now...)
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Fischl said there's something she wants to investigate, and suggested that we all go ahead in the meantime. She told me not to worry, she'll catch up with us when she's done.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Despite her... quirks, she's still an experienced adventurer. I think we should trust her.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I haven't known her for long, so this is just an observation, but... it seems like she's struggling with some internal conflict.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, that seems about right...
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' In conflict with others, you either resolve it or let it be. But when the conflict is within yourself, it's much harder to do either.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...I've also had a time like that in my life, so I understand what she's going through. It may be best to give her some space.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I agree. Still, it's a pity for today's adventure. Adventuring is always more fun when everyone's together.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xinyan always has great team spirit...
:{{A|vo yqeq105 1 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh, one other thing. This morning, we saw a mirage on the island in the north. We can go take a look once you're done with your breakfast, {{Traveler}}.
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq105 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This island looks pretty normal.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 2 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...I smell something burning on the wind.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 2 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ugh... my scryglass is getting clearer, but I still can't see much...
:{{A|vo yqeq105 2 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hey, look what I found!
:{{A|vo yqeq105 2 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' It's a... well, is it a drum, or a plant?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 2 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' An instrument made of a plant? Hmm...
:{{A|vo yqeq105 2 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Xinyan, do you think this could be your island?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 2 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh, you mean this instrument could have been put here just for me? Okay, let me give it a try...
:{{A|vo yqeq105 2 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hold on. When I touched the rock garden in the bonsai yesterday, we were all transported to another space. Xinyan, do you want to take some time first to get ready?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 2 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You're right, but it's all good. I'm always ready to make some music!

;(On entering the domain)
:{{A|vo yqeq105 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *cough* *cough* Paimon just got a mouthful of dirt...
:{{A|vo yqeq105 3 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Paimon, are you okay?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 3 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Just as we thought... we've been sent to another place.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 3 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Why does this place feel so bleak? ...Xinyan, are you sure this is your mirage?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 3 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I think so, yeah, but... you're right, why is it so bleak here?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, there's something really bright over there. It's almost like it's inviting us to go check it out.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 3 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Okay, let's go have a look.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, wait, wait! This is too obvious. Surely it's gotta be a trap?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 3 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' That may well be, but there's also nowhere else for us to go.
:{{DIcon}} Indeed...
:{{A|vo yqeq105 3 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' If this mirage belongs to Xinyan, I don't think we will find any traps there.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 3 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Now you're talking! You know that wouldn't be my style.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, that makes sense. Alright, let's go then, but let's also make sure to be careful.

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq105 4 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The door is locked.
:{{DIcon}} Mona, do that thing where you turn into water, and slide under!
::{{A|vo yqeq105 4 mona 02a.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Keep your nonsense to yourself, thank you very much.
:{{DIcon}} Kazuha, lift yourself into the air and jump over it!
::{{A|vo yqeq105 4 kazuha 01b.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...Let's keep thinking this through.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xinyan, why did you lock the door?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 4 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You'd think I'd know this... Haha...
:{{A|vo yqeq105 4 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh, actually... I usually put my key under the flower pot next to the door. So... maybe the key is nearby.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Is there a flower pot around here?
:{{DIcon}} There are no pots, but there is... a flower.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 4 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I guess it's worth a shot.

;(After activating the Melodic Harp)
:{{A|vo yqeq105 4 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, I hear music.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' This place really is dedicated to music.
<!--Uhhh, mate, you sure those lines aren't swapped?-->

;(After opening the chest)
:{{A|vo yqeq105 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so we did get the key from the plant! The puzzles in Xinyan's mirage seem way easier than Kazuha's.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 4 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well, his life experiences are far richer than mine.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 4 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Haha, you flatter me.

;(Approach the giant flower)
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, that flower is huuuge!
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' It's so hot here... is it because of that flower?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 blizzing 01.ogg}} '''Blazing Heart:''' Heck yeah, I wasn't expecting visitors.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaaah!!! It talks!
:{{DIcon}} So did the squirrel from yesterday.
:{{DIcon}} So did the boat from yesterday.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon knows! But this is different!
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hi, we touched those drum-like plants growing on the beach outside, and were transported here. Are you the owner of this place?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 blizzing 02.ogg}} '''Blazing Heart:''' This is the hall of music, and I'm merely its gatekeeper. Tell me, my friends, are you here to pursue the ultimate expression of music?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Ohh, you betcha!
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 blizzing 03.ogg}} '''Blazing Heart:''' Then tell me, what do you hope to express with music?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' The spirit of resistance!
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 blizzing 04.ogg}} '''Blazing Heart:''' Right on, great answer! I'm so glad to hear that. I consider myself very lucky to meet another musician with the same ideals.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even giant flowers get along well with Xinyan...
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' People who are easy to get along with make friends wherever they go.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 blizzing 05.ogg}} '''Blazing Heart:''' If you've made it this far, you must wish to venture deeper into the hall of music. However, I must apologize. My singing voice is required for entry, but unfortunately my pipes are a little dry...
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Are you alright? Do you need... uh, some cold medicine or something?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 blizzing 06.ogg}} '''Blazing Heart:''' It's just that I haven't had any Glacial Spring Water in a very long time. If I could drink some of that, my voice would be rocked and loaded, and ready to clear your path.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Glacial Spring Water?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 blizzing 07.ogg}} '''Blazing Heart:''' Yeah. With one sip of that, anyone could sing the most beautiful song, no matter if they were a weary adult, a sleepy bird, or even an ignorant child...
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Okay, I'll find some for ya. Where is this spring?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 blizzing 08.ogg}} '''Blazing Heart:''' Thanks, you're the best! Well, spring water helps plants grow up strong so that they can scale the mountains that lie in their way... so, I imagine the spring can be found somewhere on the mountain range protected by plants.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean we have to go hiking? Oh, Paimon thought some seawater would be enough.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Spring water and seawater could not be more dissimilar.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 blizzing 09.ogg}} '''Blazing Heart:''' Oh, but you may need my powers in order to see the spring. Give me your hand, friend, so that you can see through my eyes.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 5 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Thanks! You shook my hand &mdash; guess that makes this friendship official!
;(A scene transition)
:{{A|vo yqeq105 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we're out!
:{{A|vo yqeq105 6 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' It's much brighter here. I didn't mind that hot cave, though.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 6 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Glacial Spring Water can be found on one of the mountains around here. Let's all look for it.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 6 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Wait, how can there be light coming from below the ground here? Is this... a water vein?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 6 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' According to that flower, the water vein is related to the plants, and the plants will lead us to that spring. So I guess we should follow the water veins.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Following Mona's divination result, the party heads to another island. There, you are greeted by the sight of various strangely shaped plants that look like musical instruments when seen from afar &mdash; so, this is Xinyan's mirage.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approaching the water source)
:{{A|vo yqeq105 6 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' The flow of water is blocked here.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it because of that pile of rocks? Let's remove them!

;(After destroying the first pile of rocks)
:{{A|vo yqeq105 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Done!

;(After destroying the second pile of rocks)
:{{A|vo yqeq105 7 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Everyone, I found a note here.
:;(Open A Seemingly Waterproof Note)
::{{Black Screen|A Seemingly Waterproof Note}}
:: This series of islands is the most unique area I have encountered on this trip. It seems ostensibly ordinary, but the various mountains here have been hollowed out such that changes in their internal water levels will cause them to resound.
:: At the same time, the waters that crisscross the mountains are linked. At high tide, the mountains will play a preset tune together as they resonate as one.
:: I have never encountered the use of mountains, let alone an entire island chain, as a musical instrument of titanic proportions. The designer of this setup must have had great ingenuity, but also a pair of immensely skilled hands.
:: I stayed here for a while longer to closely observe and record the geography and design of these mountains, while listening to the music that they make at various times of the day.
::
:: The great creativity of their creator in blending nature and artistry together so perfectly leaves me, frankly, in awe.
:: Good designs should never be lost, and so I have left these notes for any who should come by after me.
:: If you, too, have come to this place, rest awhile on the mountaintops and let the tides make music for you.
:: It is no easy undertaking to make nature itself lie beside you and sing to you. Indeed, it is an epoch-making deed.
:: I hope that you, too, will get to enjoy this sight.
::
:: P.S.: This sheet of paper has been alchemically treated to be water- and fire-proof. Do not worry about the veracity of these notes. Just enjoy the music and the scenery.
::
:: [[Albedo]]
:{{A|vo yqeq105 7 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Oh, so that's how it is. What an interesting island.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look at this style and signature... it's from Albedo! He's one of our friends from Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's an amazing alchemist who's visited this island before. He left this note here for future adventurers.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 7 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Oh? So it's him.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 7 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' He's saying this whole island has been turned into an instrument!? Amazing...
:{{A|vo yqeq105 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And the underground water veins play an important part too... Oh, maybe we need to clear all the water veins to "play" this island.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 7 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Clean your instrument before the performance! Makes a lot of sense.

;(Approaching the water source)
:{{A|vo yqeq105 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These plants look a lot like the ones we saw in the cave.

;(Interact with the pond)
:{{A|vo yqeq105 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This should be the Glacial Spring Water we're looking for.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 8 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' So if you drink this, you can suddenly sing like an angel?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 8 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' You should give it a try, if you're curious.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 8 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' No no no, I'm terrible at singing... it would be extremely embarrassing if it didn't work.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 8 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Haha, Mona, I actually think you've got a sweet voice that's well-suited for singing! If you're interested, I can teach you a few things about vocals once we get back to camp.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 8 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Really? I&mdash;I'd love to, but you'd have to promise you won't laugh at me.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 8 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Of course not! Everyone's gotta start somewhere, right?
:{{A|vo yqeq105 8 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' R&mdash;Right... then maybe I can give it a try.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 8 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Great! But before that, we should deliver the spring water to that flower.
:{{A|vo yqeq105 8 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Well, to re-enter the mirage, we just need to touch the drum on the beach again.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/F_pGWRuHs0A
|caption1 = Blazin' Trails Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Blazin' Trails}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Canción ardiente (Parte 1)]]
[[ja:烈炎踏歌行 (上)]]
[[pt-br:Caminhada Dançante Pelo Fogo Ardente (Parte 1)]]
[[ru:Пламенная песнь (Часть 1)]]