{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40069
|title         = Blazin' Trails
|image         = Event Quest Blazin' Trails 2.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|act           = Blazin' Trails
|actNum        = III
|actType       = None
|part          = 2
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Jixiang; Kaedehara Kazuha; Little Fei; Little Lulu; Little Meng; Mona; Paimon; Traveler; Uncle Hai; Uncle Zhu; Xiangling; Xinyan; Xinyan's Father; Xinyan's Mother; Yun Jin; Blazing Heart
|startLocation = [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|area          = Golden Apple Archipelago
|subarea       = 
|prev          = Blazin' Trails (Part 1)
|next          = Blazin' Trails (Part 3)
|domain        = Blazin' Trails (Domain)
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Blazin' Trails''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event. It is the second quest of the third part.

==Steps==
# Water Blazing Heart with [[Bottle of Spring Water|Glacial Spring Water]]
#* Enter [[The Islands' Stirring Strings]]'s Quest Domain: [[Blazin' Trails]]
# Talk to Blazing Heart
# Enter the hall of music
# Approach the doors from which you hear voices
# Clear the path of thorns
# Follow the path
# Approach the door on the bridge
# Help [[Little Fei]] to look for his friends (0/2)
# Talk to Little Fei, [[Little Meng]], and [[Little Lulu]]
# Enter Xinyan's house

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After drinking the spring water you found for her and recovering her voice, the fiery flower named "Blazing Heart" sends you and the others to the hall of music. The city in the mirage is strikingly similar to Liyue Harbor...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Blazing Heart)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 15 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' This is the Glacial Spring Water you were looking for.
:;(Open Inventory)

:'''Xinyan sprinkles the flower with spring water...'''

:{{A|vo yqeq106 1 blizzing 01.ogg}} '''Blazing Heart:''' I'm feeling a lot better now. Thank you very much.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 1 blizzing 02.ogg}} '''Blazing Heart:''' Now, I'll send you to your destination.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa!

;(Enter the Hall of Music)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 2 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Argh, I'm going to lose my hat...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 2 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hmm? This scent... I think we've arrived at a mountain near Liyue.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But it's so dark here...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 2 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Wait, listen, there's a voice... Can you hear that?

;(Interact with the first door)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 3 xinyanmother 01.ogg}} '''Mother:''' The reason the birds sing so sweetly is because they drink the spring water from up on mountaintops. Xinyan, we're not singers in this family, none of us are. What makes you think you can be any different?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 3 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Kid Xinyan:''' Oh, so I just need to go drink some of this spring water, and then I'll be able to sing? I'll be right back, Mama!

;(Interact with the second door)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 4 xinyanfather 01.ogg}} '''Father:''' You mustn't stay out so late in the mountains by yourself, child! You scared the bejesus out of me! ...Here, this is the spring water you were looking for.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 4 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Kid Xinyan:''' Really? Oh, you're the best, daddy!

;(Interact with the third door)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 5 xinyanmother 01.ogg}} '''Mother:''' Where did she run off to this time?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 5 xinyanfather 01.ogg}} '''Father:''' To find somewhere she could sing, no doubt. *sigh* She can't be persuaded, and we can't stop her from walking out the door. Did you really have to lie to her like that?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 5 xinyanmother 02.ogg}} '''Mother:''' How was I supposed to know she'd go running off looking for spring water! *sigh* When is she going to come to her senses...

;(Interact with the fourth door)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 6 roustabout 01.ogg}} '''Man's Voice:''' Get down from there! You can't set up a stage here! If you can't sing, you should be keeping your mouth shut, not putting on a public performance! Ugh.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 6 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Young Xinyan:''' Aaaah, don't tear down the stage!

;(Approach the three doors)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 unclezhu 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Zhu:''' Xinyan, my dear child, why are you playing that crass instrument again? It's not ladylike.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 jixiang 01.ogg}} '''Jixiang:''' Oh, Xinyan, your mother has asked me to teach you some embroidery when I can find the time. It's an elegant and enjoyable craft. Just come to Auntie's house whenever you're free.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 unclehai 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Hai:''' Quit making that racket by the side of the road! If you have to play, play something classy!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Why are they being so mean!?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ugh, these people...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Not a typo|ARGH!}} That's it! Why are you not yelling back? What happened to your rock 'n' roll spirit?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hehe...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And now you're laughing!? Aren't you mad?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Sometimes it's hard to get mad when you hear the same thing a hundred times. Still... thanks, Paimon.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Uh what?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Auntie Jixiang, how are you doing?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 jixiang 02.ogg}} '''Jixiang:''' Oh, dear child, I've been waiting to hear from you for a long time. This weekend, I'll be free...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Auntie, stop thinking about me for a hot sec, your stove is still on, and you're cooking soup, right? Hmm... you see, it's all burnt.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 jixiang 03.ogg}} '''Jixiang:''' Oh! How did this happen!?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh my, Uncle Zhu, Little Zhu is playing in the mud by the river again! Didn't you tell him to not do that?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 unclezhu 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Zhu:''' What? That rascal is up to his old shenanigans behind my back again, is he? Oh, well, we'll see about that!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hehehe...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Sorry, Uncle Hai, I'll move my stage someplace else. But, your musical taste needs to evolve if you wanna keep up with the times.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Maybe you didn't know, but even the [[Yun Jin|most famous opera singer in Liyue]] likes listening to my boorish music.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 unclehai 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Hai:''' What did you say? Is that true? You're not making this up, are you? Huh, I'll have to look into this.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' They're all gone...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 09.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' See? Knowing the right words to say and when to smile can solve almost any problem.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' If that's the case, then what's your rock 'n' roll spirit for?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 10.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' My rock 'n' roll spirit isn't something I just use to win an argument. That'd be a real waste.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 11.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Rock 'n' roll is a revolution! Transforming your identity and destiny, saying goodbye to concessions and cowardice... it does them all. And most importantly, it lets you do it with art rather than words!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 12.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' My rock 'n' roll has an unbreakable spirit, like a flame in a rainstorm that refuses to go out, or the magma that never stops boiling under the surface of the land.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 13.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Okay, let's go.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 14.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Let's go that way! There's a side path right there.

:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' What a great mindset you have. If anyone ever called me anything less than a genius, I'd be furious.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Paimon is tempted to give it a shot... Eeek! Mona is glaring at me!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 15.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Paimon, there's a difference between embracing the spirit of rock 'n' roll and playing with fire...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' To tell you the truth, I'm also starting to develop an interest in rock 'n' roll.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 xinyan 16.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Seriously? This'd better not be a joke.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 7 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' No, I'm serious. Rock 'n' roll's ability to cultivate such a strong will in people is an incredible thing.

;(Approach the door)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, is that...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Another door. More delightful individuals await us on the other side, I assume?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Let me handle it. Piece of cake.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 littlefei 01.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' Miss, your hairstyle is really strange.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Is that so? I think it looks really cool. Take a closer look if you don't believe me.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 littlefei 02.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' Your hair sticks out from your head, and you wear spiky things in it... nobody else has hair like that.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You're looking at it the wrong way. If I don't look like anybody else, once you've seen me, you won't be able to forget me even if you try. You'll still recognize me if you ever see me again in the future.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 littlefei 03.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' Hmm... yeah, you're right!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Your clothes, hair, even the way you walk and talk... It's not just for the eyes of others. It's your style, so you should go with whatever you like.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 littlefei 04.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' Really? But if I wore a jacket with a picture of a puppy on it, people would say, "Hey, Little Fei likes stupid little puppies."
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Then you should ignore them. So, you like puppies, huh?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 littlefei 05.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' I do.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' What about your friends?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 littlefei 06.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' Well... yeah, they do too.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well then, your friends are gonna love that jacket.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 littlefei 07.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' ...'Kay. Miss, how come you don't do your hair in a nice braid? People would love that.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I can't help myself, I just like the styles with personality. *sigh* Plus I had no idea how so many people would dislike it before I started wearing my hair like this.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 littlefei 08.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' So why don't you change it now?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 xinyan 09.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well, this hairstyle suits my music and my lifestyle. The regular ones are boring, they're so uninspired. Plus they get in the way when I'm head-bobbing away on stage.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 xinyan 10.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' If people don't like it, that's up to them. I ain't gonna change it.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 littlefei 09.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' What about your friends? Do they not like it, too?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 xinyan 11.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Course they like it! They all say that they think it looks amazing.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 littlefei 10.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' ...Your friends are nice to you. That's cool. Not like my friends... they left me here on my own. *sobs*
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 xinyan 12.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hey now, why are you crying? What's wrong? You can talk to me.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 littlefei 11.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' Little Lulu and Little Meng... they're ignoring me... *sobs* We were gonna meet at the docks today, but they still haven't shown up...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These kids are way too young to be standing each other up like this!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 xinyan 13.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Stay right here, I'll go take a look around. I'll bring them to you once I find them.
;(Little Fei appears next to the door)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 littlefei 12.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' O&mdash;Okay! Thanks, Miss. I'll never say anything bad about your hair again.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 8 xinyan 14.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' See, now you're talkin' sense! I'll see you later.

;(Talk to Little Fei)
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq106 littlefei 01.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' *sobs* Why don't Little Meng and Little Lulu want to play with me?

;(Talk to Little Meng)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 9 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Excuse me, are you Little Meng? Little Fei is waiting for you at the docks. He's been waiting so long now that he's in tears about it.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 9 littlemeng 01.ogg}} '''Little Meng:''' Ugh! Why is he so dumb, he could have just come here and found us... Never mind, I'll go find him instead.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He ran off. We should catch up to him.

;(Talk to Little Lulu)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 9 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Excuse me, are you Little Lulu?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 9 littlelulu 01.ogg}} '''Little Lulu:''' Are you looking for me, Miss?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 9 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Didn't you promise to meet Little Fei at the docks? Why aren't you going to meet up with him? He's crying 'cause he thinks you've abandoned him.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 9 littlelulu 02.ogg}} '''Little Lulu:''' Huh? That silly dumb-dumb, why didn't he just come to look for us? We prepared a surprise gift for him.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A surprise gift? How strange...

;(Approach Little Fei, Little Meng, and Little Lulu)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 littlelulu 01.ogg}} '''Little Lulu:''' You dumb-dumb, we were preparing a surprise gift for you! We didn't think that you wouldn't come to try and find us... and definitely didn't think you'd start crying about it...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 littlefei 01.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' I'm sorry for being such an idiot...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 littlelulu 02.ogg}} '''Little Lulu:''' No, I'm sorry! You're not an idiot. I guess we shouldn't have been so secretive about it.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 littlemeng 01.ogg}} '''Little Meng:''' We didn't come to the docks to meet you because we wanted to give you a big surprise for your birthday.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 littlefei 02.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' Huh? This is...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 littlemeng 02.ogg}} '''Little Meng:''' We've brought you loads of yummy Lotus Heads. And here's a handwritten birthday letter from me and Lulu, too... please don't call our handwriting ugly, okay?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 littlelulu 03.ogg}} '''Little Lulu:''' Tee-hee!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 littlefei 03.ogg}} '''Little Fei:''' You guys... Hehe, thank you...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... and all's well that ends well!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It was all just a misunderstanding.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well, sometimes that's just what friends do. If my friends had ditched me to plan a surprise, I'd have gotten upset too.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Is that a hint for us to prepare a surprise for you, too? Very clever...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' No! I was just speaking my mind...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hehe, I know. I was just joking... seeing if I could give you a fright.
;(A loud stomach growl is heard)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... everyone... Paimon's hungry...
:{{DIcon}} That rumble had no business being that loud!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' It's almost lunchtime, so how about... we have lunch at my house? It's not far from here.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So even your house is in this mirage?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Yep. I just noticed, there's the same road in here as the one that leads to my house in real life.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Even though we're in a mirage, I reckon some things will always remain the same. In real life, after a bad quarrel with the neighbors, or a disappointing show...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 10 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' The one place I'll always go is my house. Because... everyone has to go home eventually.

;(On entering Xinyan's house)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Here we are. Please come in! Make yourselves at home, no need to take off your shoes!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Thank you for your hospitality.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh, chairs! We can finally unwind for a bit.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Huh? Did you guys hear a sound coming from the other room...? You all keep resting here, I'll go have a look.
;(Xinyan enters the room)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' The lights aren't even on, and there's no one&mdash; woah!!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 together 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling and Yun Jin:''' Dun dun DUN!!! Happy Birthday!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' What are you two doing? Why are you sitting in the dark inside my house? You scared the bejesus outta me!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Yun Jin, you were totally right. She does get spooked!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It's your birthday, so we planned a surprise party for you.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You girls really shouldn't pull these pranks while pretending to be all sweet and innocent...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Eh? Come on now, what's wrong with that? Who says that being cute and innocent means you can't pull pranks? Back me up, Xiangling?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Totally, Yun Jin! [[Guoba]] pulls pranks on me all the time, too.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Alright, alright, you win.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' [[Beidou]] needs to do something today, so she's asked me to bring some gifts along from her, for you.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' So here they are! A custom-made dagger, and the score of a composition from abroad!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' As for my offerings, I had these gold hairpins and iron hair ties custom-made for you by my family.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Iron hair ties!? You're telling me that your family used their one thousand years' worth of experience to make... hair ties?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' What's the problem? Hair ties may look simple and unassuming, but they actually require a lot of intricate craftsmanship to make!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hehe, my gift is one-of-a-kind. A little while ago, I came across a [[Kun Jun|bespectacled blacksmith]] on the street. The way he worked and talked, it felt almost like he could see right through stones.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xiangling 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I was skeptical, so I asked him to help me make a bet, and when the merchant cracked the stone open, there was indeed a piece of raw jade inside! Hehe, I took the jade on the spot and ground it into a pendant, which I then strung on a cord. You can use it as an accessory.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xinyan 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Wow, you made a jade pendant for me?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xiangling 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Yeah! Oh, don't wear it around your neck! Put it on your guitar! Every day, I see how much you pamper that guitar, so I thought you should jazz it up a bit.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xinyan 09.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I don't know if I can bring myself to hang this thing anywhere except in a display case on an altar! Thank you, Xiangling. You're so thoughtful.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hehe, Xiangling has always been thoughtful. But the blacksmith you mentioned who could see through stones... can you tell me more about him? If the story's interesting enough, I might have to put it into my play.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xiangling 09.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I'm not exactly sure, but I hear that [[No Mere Stone|he was sick for a while, and was so disoriented during that time that he couldn't remember anything, and felt as if his body didn't belong to him...]]
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xiangling 10.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' And then, all of a sudden, he recovered! He's all fine now, except for some reason, he can now tell the difference between valuable and worthless stones just by looking at them.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm... that's certainly peculiar.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xiangling 11.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Let's not get into that. The food is getting cold. Let's eat!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Wait, Xinyan, didn't you pick up a trick from an outlander merchant? The one you taught me on my last birthday.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xinyan 10.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hmm? Oh, you mean making a birthday wish?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yes, that's the one. They also light candles and cut cakes in other regions, but we didn't have time for that, because we were too busy bringing the food over.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xinyan 11.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' It's fine, I can just use my imagination.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 yunjin 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Okay, let's count to three and you can make a wish.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 yunjin 11.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' One...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xiangling 12.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Two...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 yunjin 12.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Three...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xinyan 12.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hmm, what should I wish for this year...
:{{A|vo yqeq106 11 xinyan 13.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' My wish is...
;(The domain is automatically exited with a scene transition)
:{{A|vo yqeq106 12 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh, I'm back?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What happened? Paimon was just peering through the crack in the door.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 12 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Given that we are in a mirage, Xinyan, did anything significant happen inside the house?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon knows, Paimon knows, she ran into some of her friends who were throwing her a birthday party!
:{{A|vo yqeq106 12 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Yes, I heard all that! I mean something she did herself.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 12 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' ...Oh! I made a wish.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 12 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' It's pretty interesting, now that I think about it. When I entered the room, I found Xiangling and Yun Jin, two of my best friends!
:{{DIcon}} They are my friends too.
:{{DIcon}} They're both well-known in Liyue.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 12 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' That actually happened in real life. They paid me a surprise visit on my birthday, set a table with delicious food, and persuaded me to make a birthday wish.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 12 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Xinyan, what was your wish?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 12 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' My wish was to "perform with someone completely unexpected."
:{{A|vo yqeq106 12 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hmm, I wonder who this unexpected person might be?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 12 xinyan 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I've just figured it out.
:{{A|vo yqeq106 12 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Oh, you already know the answer?
:{{A|vo yqeq106 12 xinyan 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Mm-hmm. However, before I tell you the answer, I'd like to clear the water veins that flow through the mountains.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/F_pGWRuHs0A
|caption1 = Blazin' Trails Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|Blazin' Trails (Part 1)|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Canción ardiente (Parte 2)]]
[[ru:Пламенная песнь (Часть 2)]]