{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02018
|image         = Archon Quest C2A3 Blind Loyalty, Reckless Courage.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = III
|act           = Omnipresence Over Mortals
|part          = 6
|description   = The evidence of the [[Tenryou Commission]]'s treason is in your hands. How will [[Kujou Sara]]'s viewpoint change?
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Kujou Sara; Kujou Takayuki; Paimon; Traveler; Yae Miko
|startLocation = [[Grand Narukami Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = Proof of Guilt
|next          = Duel Before the Throne
|exp           = 650
|mora          = 31,125
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|2|3|part=6}}

==Steps==
#Return to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]] and look for [[Yae Miko]]
#Follow [[Kujou Sara]] to the [[Tenryou Commission Headquarters (Domain)|Tenryou Commission Headquarters]]
#Talk to Kujou Sara
#Follow Kujou Sara to the Tenryou Commission Headquarters
#Defeat the Tenryou Commission Guards
#Defeat the Tenryou Commission Guard reinforcements
#Defeat the Internal Affairs Head
#Talk to [[Kujou Takayuki]]
<!--
==Notes==
-->

==Idle Quotes==
Certain NPCs during this quest have special idle quotes while following Kujou Sara to the Tenryou Commission Headquarters.

* {{A|vo dqaq106 6 yatakoki 01.ogg}} [[Yata Kouki]]: "Ma'am!"
* {{A|vo dqaq106 6 watanabe 01.ogg}} [[Watanabe]]: "Master's orders..."
* {{A|vo dqaq106 6 mikoshigenjiro 01.ogg}} [[Mikoshi Genjirou]]: "Halt!"

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon arriving at the Grand Narukami Shrine)
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Lady Guuji. Here I am, as promised. Rest assured I came here alone and told no one about this trip.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I knew you would keep your promise, after all... I'm sure you've barely been able to take your mind off it these past few days &mdash; have you managed to get any sleep at all?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I&mdash;I... You're quite mistaken. I would never doubt the leaders of my clan.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' So. Where is your proof?
:{{DIcon}} Here.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, how wonderful. Everyone's keeping their promises today.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You wouldn't believe what we had to go through to get our hands on this stuff.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hand them to Sara. She can examine them for herself.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' What is this?
;(The [[Official Tenryou Commission Document]] is shown)
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...I see this document bears the official seal of the head of the [[Kujou Clan]]. And it doesn't look like a forgery...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 kujousara 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I don't understand... not a single word about the [[Watatsumi Army|resistance]], Sangonomiya, or the situation on the front line...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 kujousara 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' What about the soldiers who gave their lives on the front line, or the hardship endured by the people? Do they deserve no mention!?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 kujousara 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Utter disregard for human life. Why would they want to hide it?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' For the sake of the [[Vision Hunt Decree]], of course. Don't you think the Shogun might reconsider her policy if all of the things you just mentioned appeared in this report?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 kujousara 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' So the Tenryou Commission... they are deliberately deceiving the Shogun?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes. Now... who else do you think might be benefiting from the Vision Hunt Decree?
:{{DIcon}} I also have a confidential letter here.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is a letter from the Tenryou Commission to the [[Fatui]]. The head of the Kujou Clan kept this a secret from the Shogun, too.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 kujousara 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well? The things you wanted to see, but also wished not to see, are here before you.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Surely... you aren't planning to turn a blind eye to them?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 kujousara 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' So everything I've ever held on to... it's all... How could they... Argh!
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 kujousara 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' This betrayal is unforgivable... [[Kujou Takayuki|Takayuki]], you've got some explaining to do!
;(Kujou Sara leaves)
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kujou Sara seems pretty angry, huh. Looks like our Tenryou rebellion is successfully underway.
:{{DIcon}} The Shogun's Army is without a leader for now.
:{{DIcon}} If we follow her, we might meet the [[Raiden Shogun]].
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup yup, let's catch up with her.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hold on, Traveler. There's something else we need to discuss.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Last time you entered the [[Plane of Euthymia]], it was in front of the [[Statue of the Omnipresent God]], correct?
:{{DIcon}} Correct.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You must find a way to recreate the circumstances of that day.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' If you can get the Raiden Shogun to "open her heart" to you once more before the Statue of the Omnipresent God, you will have the opportunity you need...
:{{DIcon}} I will do my best.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Take this with you as a farewell gift.
;(Yae Miko presents the Traveler with a floating omamori)
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The omamori from the Grand Narukami Shrine are very potent indeed. I thought I'd put one aside for you.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you...
:{{DIcon}} I will treasure it.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, if you find yourself at your wits' end, take it out and see what happens. Maybe your prayers will be answered, and all your problems will disappear in the blink of an eye.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Or, if you ever think about me during your journey, take it out won't you? Who knows, maybe I'll just end up appearing right in front of you.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cut it out, Fox Lady. This isn't the time or place to be poking fun at the Traveler.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 1 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehehe... I'm sorry. Well then... time for you to face my hopeless fool of a friend. I'm counting on you.
:;(Obtain [[Grand Narukami Shrine Omamori (Blind Loyalty, Reckless Courage)|Grand Narukami Shrine Omamori]])

;(Talk to Yae Miko again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq106 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well, go on, time for you to face my hopeless fool of a friend. I'm counting on you.

----
;(Catch up with Kujou Sara)
:{{A|vo dqaq106 2 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' You followed me here? You've got guts, I'll give you that.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 2 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Since you are witnesses, I suppose I can shield you from arrest &mdash; at least until I have received an explanation from Takayuki.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 2 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But... if it turns out that you have been deceptive in this matter, then not only will you be arrested immediately, but you'll also be charged with one more crime. Do I make myself clear?
:{{DIcon}} Perfectly clear.
:{{DIcon}} Lead the way.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 2 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hmph. Good.

----
;(Upon entering the [[Tenryou Commission Headquarters (Domain)|Tenryou Commission Headquarters]])
:{{A|vo dqaq106 3 guard 01.ogg}} '''Tenryou Guard:''' Apologies, Ma'am, orders from the top. No one is allowed to enter!
:{{A|vo dqaq106 3 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Out of my way! I need to speak to him. I won't tell you twice!

;(Upon defeating all Tenryou Commission guards)
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' Stop! Sara, have you gone insane!? How dare you disregard my orders!
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' M&mdash;Master, I...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Go on, ask him! Don't let him intimidate you!
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...Master Takayuki, I've seen the report to the throne and the letter to the Fatui... please, tell me why!
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' So this is how my documents went missing from headquarters? You stole them...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Should I take your words to mean that... these documents were not forgeries? They were really penned by your own hand?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Please tell me, Master, I need to know... Has the Tenryou Commission really... betrayed the Shogunate!?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' Hmph... Yes, I have dealings with the Fatui. And yes, the report you saw was penned by my hand.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heh, he just came right out and admitted it...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' The diplomats from [[Snezhnaya]] promised a very generous reward indeed... and all they requested of me in return was to see that the Vision Hunt Decree is upheld.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' For too long, the Kujou Clan's position has been coveted by so many. There is no shortage of clans who would tear us down at the first opportunity.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' So, when the chance arose to gain the backing of another powerful nation and crack down on our enemies at the same time...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' It appeared to me to be an excellent deal. I simply saw no need to inform you, Sara.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But... you worship the Shogun. How can you betray her after all this time and act like it's nothing!?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' Betrayal? How can you call this a betrayal?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' The Fatui may think they are using me, but the reverse is true. What could they possibly hope to achieve?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' When the lightning strikes in [[Inazuma]], they shall fall to their knees and tremble, paralyzed by fear and trepidation.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' After all...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' None can contend with the supreme power of the Almighty Raiden Shogun and the [[Musou no Hitotachi]]!
:{{DIcon}} His intention wasn't to betray the Raiden Shogun...
:{{DIcon}} He's just over-confident in her power.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah... he doesn't worship the Raiden Shogun herself, but her power as a warrior &mdash; especially the Musou no Hitotachi. In fact, he seems to be way too into it...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 kujousara 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But Master... what about loyalty?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 kujousara 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Ever since I was adopted by the Kujou Clan, you taught me the importance of loyalty from servants to their superiors...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 kujousara 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But it's clear to me now that you wanted my loyalties to stop with the Kujou Clan. So you were scared that I would betray you one day?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 kujousara 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' You hypocrite! Preaching about virtue just to mask your own wretched selfishness!
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 13.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' Selfishness? I am but safeguarding the eternity of the Kujou Clan. I'm quite sure the Almighty Shogun would be sympathetic to that, as would the former head of our clan.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hate to say it, but his ego is getting in the way. If he thinks the Kujou Clan is a match for the Fatui, Paimon thinks he's in for a nasty surprise...
:{{DIcon}} There is no point trying to argue with him.
:{{DIcon}} Let's see what Kujou Sara thinks.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 kujousara 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I've doubted the Vision Hunt Decree in the past. I asked myself, is this truly the correct thing to do? Even though it goes against what I know in my heart to be right?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 kujousara 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But I chose to obey the Shogun. For as long as she leads the way, who among us is qualified to judge between right and wrong when we have not yet reached the end of the path?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 kujousara 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But now I realize that the path of eternity is one without end, while this path... it has long since been defiled by your selfish ways.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 kujousara 13.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' So, I'm going to tell the Shogun the truth about all this. If nothing else, my conscience will be clear!
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 14.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' Stubborn and futile...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 15.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' Report to the Shogun if you so wish. The Kujou Clan's position is now unshakable, and nothing you can do will change this.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 takayuki 16.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' The Shogun is at {{Color|buzz|Tenshukaku}} receiving a Snezhnayan diplomat &mdash; the Harbinger by the name of "[[Signora]]."
:{{DIcon}} Signora!
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Signora's the one behind all this? Ugh, not her again!
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Way back in [[Ritou]], [[Hiiragi Chisato|Lady Hiiragi]] said something about the [[Hiiragi Shinsuke|Kanjou Commissioner]] meeting with an arrogant-sounding woman... We should have known.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 kujousara 14.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' A diplomat from Snezhnaya? Well! If she thinks she's leaving Inazuma in one piece, she's got another thing coming!
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sara stormed off... do you think she's gonna go barge into [[Tenshukaku]] right now?
:{{DIcon}} Either way, we have a score to settle with Signora.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can say that again!
:{{A|vo dqaq106 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright then! Let's do this!

;(Talk to Kujou Takayuki again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq106 takayuki 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Takayuki:''' As long as we have the Musou no Hitotachi, the people of Inazuma have nothing to fear. A self-evident fact, yet Sara is blind to it... Hmph.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Blind Loyalty, Reckless Courage
|zhs     = 愚忠与愚勇
|zhs_rm  = Yúzhōng yǔ Yúyǒng
|zht     = 愚忠與愚勇
|zht_rm  = Yúzhōng yǔ Yúyǒng
|zh_tl   = Foolish Loyalty and Foolish Courage
|ja      = 愚忠と愚勇
|ja_rm   = Guchuu to Guyuu{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Foolish Loyalty and Foolish Courage
|ko      = 맹목적인 충성, 무모한 용기
|ko_rm   = Maengmokjeogin Chungseong, Mumohan Yonggi
|ko_tl   = Blind Loyalty, Reckless Courage
|es      = Lealtad ciega y valor temerario
|es_tl   = Blind Loyalty and Reckless Courage
|fr      = Loyauté aveugle et témérité imprudente
|fr_tl   = Blind Loyalty and Reckless Courage
|ru      = Глупая верность, бездумная храбрость
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ภักดีอย่างโง่เขลาและกล้าหาญอย่างเบาปัญญา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Foolish Loyalty and Foolish Courage
|vi      = Trung Dũng Mù Quáng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Blinde Loyalität, Rücksichtsloser Mut
|de_tl   = Blind Loyalty, Reckless Courage
|id      = Kesetiaan yang Bodoh, Keberanian yang Tak Berguna
|id_tl   = Stupid Loyalty, Useless Courage
|pt      = Lealdade Cega e Coragem Absurda
|pt_tl   = Blind Loyalty and Absurd Courage
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[pt-br:Lealdade Cega e Coragem Absurda]]