{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Bloom Times.png
|set   = Husk of Opulent Dreams
|piece = Flower of Life
}}
{{Description|A small golden ornament with six petals that shall never wilt. It symbolizes the transience of mortal glories.}}
'''Bloom Times''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Husk of Opulent Dreams]].

==Description==
What he saw in his dream was a phantom dancing to the music under the moonlight,<br />Just like the young man in the distant past, who was akin to a blank sheet of paper,<br />And like a pure yet fragile persona,<br />Emerging once the resentment and suffering had dissipated.

[[Scaramouche|The wanderer]] did not know that he had any faculties for dreaming,<br />Thinking that this must have been the researchers' little trick,<br />Or perhaps it was the infinitesimal resistance of that bygone heart.

"You once acquired the 'heart' that you always dreamed of,"<br />"But it was but a mere prop for lies and deception."<br />"Now, you will finally obtain [[Gnosis|what belongs to you]],"<br />"And this false construct of a body can at last aspire to power over this world."

"Yet, this is all but a fleeting dream of glory."<br />"And it will all one day drift away amidst the sighs of a suffering earth..."<br />Was it a "him" from the past who said this? Or "him" from the future?<br />The vagrant cared not, for when he awakened,<br />It was not he, but that ethereal future that dissipated.

==Trivia==
*The Japanese and Chinese names of this artifact can both be translated as "Era of Splendor" {{Lang|ja=栄花の期|zh=荣花之期|sort=ja,zh}}. This may be a reference to the Japanese epic {{w|Eiga Monogatari}} {{Lang|ja=栄花物語}}, which chronicles the life of {{w|Fujiwara no Michinaga}}, a notable Japanese noble from the Heian period.
**Michinaga's famous poem Mochizuki no Uta {{Lang|ja=望月の歌|ja_tl=Poem of the Full Moon}} bears a few thematic similarities to the lore description of the artifact; namely, the presence of moonlight and the speaker's  desire for absolute authority over the world. The text of the poem reads: "This world, I think / Is indeed my world. / Like the full moon I shine, / As if never waning. {{Lang|ja=この世をば わが世とぞ思ふ 望月の 欠けたることも なしと思へば}}"

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Bloom Times
|zhs     = 荣花之期
|zhs_rm  = Rónghuā zhī Qī
|zht     = 榮花之期
|zht_rm  = Rónghuā zhī Qí
|zh_tl   = Era of Splendor{{Sino|zh|ja}}
|ja      = 栄花の期
|ja_rm   = Eiga no Ki
|ja_tl   = Era of Splendor
|ko      = 영광의 꽃의 시간
|ko_rm   = Yeonggwang-ui Kkot-ui Sigan
|ko_tl   = Time of Flower of Glory
|es      = Era del Esplendor
|es_tl   = Era of Splendor
|fr      = Période de floraison
|fr_tl   = Flowering Period
|ru      = Пора расцвета
|ru_tl   = Bloom Time
|th      = Bloom Times
|vi      = Thời Khắc Nở Rộ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Blüte der Glorie
|de_tl   = Blossom of Glory
|id      = Bloom Times
|pt      = Período de Glória
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Çiçeklerin Zamanı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Piena fioritura
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Husk of Opulent Dreams}}

[[fr:Période de floraison]]
[[ja:栄花の期]]