{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|realname         = Josephine
|deceased         = Killed by Eberhart around 1,000 years ago
|region           = Mondstadt
}}
The '''blue-eyed spear witch''', real name possibly '''Josephine''',<ref name="First Great">{{Ref/Weapon|The First Great Magic}}</ref> was a notable figure during Mondstadt's Late Aristocracy period about 1,000 years ago. While her name is currently unrevealed, she is described as a sorceress with sapphire-blue eyes who wielded [[Crescent Pike]] &mdash; a spear of her own design &mdash; and bore a noticeable scar from the criminal's brand placed on her by the Aristocracy.

==Story==
Her origin is currently unknown, but she "hunted the vile" with her spear and became acquainted with [[Parsifal]], a former noble turned phantom thief. He gave her a sapphire gem pried from a silver cup that he stole as a token of his love for her, since the gem matched her eyes.<ref name="Wine and Song">{{Ref/Weapon|Wine and Song}}</ref> However, the crest of the noble house he stole the gem from was inlaid in the gem, which pinned her as the thief. She was captured and her face was branded with a criminal's brand as punishment.<ref name="Alley Hunter">{{Ref/Weapon|Alley Hunter}}</ref> Her relationship with Parsifal became rather complicated after this point, as she blamed him for her injuries but still harbored feelings for him. According to the story in ''[[Heart's Desire: Sapphire]]'', many years later, she traded the sapphire gem that caused her misfortune for the silver cup that used to hold the gem.<ref name="Heart's Desire">{{Ref/Book|Heart's Desire}}</ref>

According to one story, the witch was a servant in a noble house, which was how she was discovered with the gem and then punished by her master.<ref name="Heart's Desire" /> However, this account has not been corroborated by other sources about her life, most of which do not address her past, and she was already hunting aristocrats with her pike by the time Parsifal gave her the gem.<ref name="Alley Hunter" /> From this, it can be assumed she already learned magic and spearmanship by that point. Her combat prowess was such that she could visualize all of her opponents' fatal flaws and take advantage of it using Crescent Pike's sleek design.<ref name="Crescent Pike">{{Ref/Weapon|Crescent Pike}}</ref>

At some point, she took on [[Eberhart]] as a disciple and taught him her method of spearfighting. But when eventually she missed Parsifal greatly, Eberhart noticed the opportunity and killed her while she was distracted, perhaps to keep his prowess with the spear a secret.<ref name="Crescent Pike" /><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Lance}}</ref>

===Legacy===
Some tales about Parsifal and the blue-eyed witch gave them a happy ending, though the reality was far from it.<ref name="Wine and Song" />

The [[Fontaine|Fontainian]] playwright [[Coppelius]] wrote a play about Parsifal and the "lady of the sapphire," which [[Parsifal the Great]] and her sister [[Josephine]] derived their aliases from 500 years later.<ref name="First Great" />

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ja:碧眼の魔女]]
[[uk:Блакитноока відьма зі списом]]