{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Boethius.png
|realname         = 
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Remuria
|title            = "Bleeding Idol"
|title2           = "The Immortal Sebastos's Second Coming"<ref name="Fortune Plango Vulnera">{{Ref/Quest|page=Fortune Plango Vulnera}}</ref>
|title3           = Harmost
|title4           = Dominus<ref name="The Last Day of Remuria">{{Ref/Quest|The Last Day of Remuria}}</ref>
|title5           = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = [[Cassiodor]] (brother)
|child            = 
|relative         = 

}}
'''Boethius''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Underwater Nocturne}}, a historical figure from [[Fontaine]] and a [[Harmost]] of the [[God]] King [[Remus]].

==Profile==
Boethius was once considered one of the greatest musicians in Fontaine. He originally belonged to a "barbarian tribe" that Remuria had conquered; after joining the Court of Remuria, he abandoned the "ancient savage customs" he had grown up with and became a servant of the God King Remus.<ref name="Golden Era's Prelude">{{Ref/Arti|Golden Era's Prelude}}</ref> He eventually became one of four Harmosts in the court of [[Remuria]] who Remus promoted and shared his power and authority with; as such, he was granted governmental power and oversaw Remuria with Remus.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Echoes of the Ancient World}}</ref><ref name="The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria">{{Ref/Book|page=The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria|vol=2}}</ref>

===Personality===
Boethius was heavily devoted to Remus and his vision for Remuria and the world, discarding his barbarian descent and even turning on his former people easily. Over time, his devotion would turn into complete fanaticism, persisting even after Remus had a change of heart. The consequences of his actions ultimately led for him to be completely corrupted by the [[Symphony]] (or "Phobos"), yearning henceforth to crush the surface underfoot.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
===Early Years===
Boethius came from a "puny realm on a lone isle," in a village built of reeds and grass. One day, warriors from Remuria came to the village and announced that they would be conquering the lands of the isle. Boethius was considered a "child of barbarism," and naively followed the warriors back to Remuria. His talents helped him escape the fate of slavery, even gaining the recognition of Remus himself and becoming the God King's servant.<ref name="Golden Era's Prelude" /> At some unknown point, Boethius was appointed by Remus as a Harmost, giving him governmental authority.<ref name="The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria" />

During the conquest of the unknown tribe which [[Erinnyes (NPC)|Erinnyes]] and Cassiodor belonged to, Boethius befriended [[Cassiodor]], who defected from his tribe and joined Remuria.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|page=Splendor of Tranquil Waters}}</ref> The two became very close and referred to each other as brothers, and Cassiodor later also became a Harmost of the God King himself.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Golden Song's Variation}}</ref>

===As a Harmost===
After Boethius became the Harmost of Remus, he learnt of the [[Primordial Sea]], its essential role in Remuria, and the prophesied destruction of Remuria in a flood. Remus eventually descended into madness, mixing primordial water with an immortal stone to create a golden Ichor which would contain his people's souls. Despite this, Boethius carried out Remus' orders, hunting down Barbarians and [[Lochfolk]]s and corrupting the primordial water, with the hope of protecting Remuria's peoples from the flood by dissolving them in the Ichor.<ref name="Ref/Arti|Golden Night's Bustle">{{Ref/Arti|Golden Night's Bustle}}</ref> It is said that everywhere Boethius went, the aqueducts of the empire were built and Oceanids disappeared without a trace.<ref>{{Ref/Item|page=Spring of Pure Sacred Dewdrop}}</ref>

===Rebellion of the Barbarians===
The Dragon [[Scylla]] eventually led a rebellion of barbarians and Vishaps against Remuria.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|page=Song of Stillness}}</ref> In response, Boethius ordered the destruction of all the "barbarian tribes," which plunged Remuria into ceaseless war and rebellion and abruptly ended its golden era. The agony of the barbarian tribes awoke the sleeping Remus,<ref>{{Ref/Arti|page=Golden Bird's Shedding}}</ref> who realized his wrongdoing as Remuria was being destroyed and gave his final order in an attempt to save the empire. However, it was too late &mdash; Boethius saw his retreat as a betrayal and rallied the last of Remuria's armies to steal the golden Ichor and seal Scylla underneath the tall tower with it.<ref>{{Ref/Item|page=Golden Goblet of the Pristine Sea}}</ref> Remus and Boethius, along with Scylla, were all swept away with Remuria and its people by a tsunami caused by the [[Phobos|Grand Symphony]]'s self-destruct order.<ref name="The Last Day of Remuria"/> The golden Ichor was eventually corroded by the Primordial Sea.<ref name="Essence of Pure Sacred Dewdrop">{{Ref/Item|Essence of Pure Sacred Dewdrop}}</ref>

Presumably no one at the time was aware that the actions of Boethius were really spurned by the 'Phobos', which had been corrupted due to the malevolent desires of the Remurians<ref name="Fortune Plango Vulnera"/>.

==Legacy==
Today, Boethius is still hailed as one of the greatest musicians of Fontaine. His experience of the fall of Remuria became a reminder to the artists of Fontaine of the "inescapable cycle" of [[Teyvat]].<ref name="Essence of Pure Sacred Dewdrop" /> One of his most notable works was "[[The Fundamentals of Music|The Flying Outlander]]", which was recovered by the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] and passed on to [[Tailleferre]].

During the World Quest series ''[[Canticles of Harmony]]'', Boethius' tainted spirit would re-emerge, dragging the people of [[Petrichor]] into a delusional nightmare. This would in turn draw out the spirit of Cassiodor &mdash; who would possess the cat [[Osse]] &mdash; as well as the Traveler and Paimon. Together, the trio would oppose "Boethius" (in reality the "Phobos"), free Scylla from imprisonment, and uncover the truth of his corruption, ultimately freeing him when they destroyed the Phobos.  

==Trivia==
*Boethius is known by these aliases:
**Mr. Impolite <small>(by [[Paimon]])</small>
**Mr. Super Rude <small>(by [[Paimon]])</small>
**Mr. Evil-and-Rude <small>(by [[Paimon]])</small>
===Etymology===
* Boethius may be named after the Roman philosopher {{w|Boethius}}.

==Gallery==
===Genius Invokation TCG===
{{Genius Invokation TCG Cards by Featured Gallery}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Boethius
|zhs     = 波爱修斯
|zhs_rm  = Bō'àixiūsī
|zht     = 波愛修斯
|zht_rm  = Bō'àixiūsī
|ja      = ボエティウス
|ja_rm   = Boetiusu
|ko      = 보에티우스
|es      = Boecio
|fr      = Boethius
|ru      = Боэций
|th      = Boethius
|vi      = Boethius
|de      = Boethius
|id      = Boethius
|pt      = Boethius
|tr      = Boethius
|it      = Boethius
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[fr:Boethius]]