{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Stub|Missing profile}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Bona.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Flower-Feather Clan
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = Taika
|fatherNote       = deceased
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Bona''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|Lost Traveler in the Ashen Realm}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Bona was an adventurer from the [[Flower-Feather Clan]]. Due to her affiliation with her clan, she was highly skilled in flight. She followed in [[Taika|her father's]] footsteps after he disappeared during a quest to find the [[Tonatiuh]] and "[[Jade of Return]]", which was said to have the ability to cleanse the Abyss. While exploring the ruins of [[Ochkanatlan]], she freed the consciousness of [[Och-Kan]] trapped in the [[Core of Chu'ulel]] and named him [[Cocouik]]. After learning the truth about the legend of the "Jade of Return", which was a falsehood spread by [[Waxaklahun Ubah Kan]] to lure strong warriors into his trap, she died while trying to protect the last piece of [[Pyrophosphorite]] from him.

Hundreds of years later, the Traveler and Paimon encounter the memories of Bona and Cocouik when they arrive in Ochkanatlan. Bona converses with them about the true meaning of adventuring and appears unaware of the existence of the [[Adventurer's Guild]]. While searching for the Jade of Return together, they are attacked repeatedly by an "evil dragon" (the body of Och-Kan, under Waxaklahun Ubah Kan's control). They eventually subdue the dragon and learn the truth about Bona's existence and Cocouik's identity.

Though a memory by the time the Traveler encounters her, the time spent exploring Ochkanatlan would be brought into the Night Kingdom, where she and Och-Kan (as Cocouik) assisted the Traveler, [[Vichama]] and [[Mallko]] in fending off several [[Tenebrous Mimesis]]. When [[Guthred]] arrived to dispel the [[Void Ward]] of a particularly powerful Mimesis, Bona was surprised to see a foreigner in the Night Kingdom, aware that it did not normally accept outsiders. She and the others were forced to remain behind, though she wished the Traveler well in their battle, knowing that they were a special one.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
::{{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* Bona's name may be an abbreviation of ''{{w|Bonampak}}'' ({{w|Yucatec_Maya_language|Yucatec Mayan}}: "Painted Walls"), which is an ancient {{w|Maya_civilization|Mayan}} archaeological site of Chiapas, Mexico.
** The Bonam part of the name means "painted" and is derived from the {{w|Yucatec_Maya_language|Yucatec Mayan}} word ''boon'' which means "paint" or "to paint."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Bona
|zhs     = 玻娜
|zhs_rm  = Bōnà
|zht     = 玻娜
|zht_rm  = Bōnà
|ja      = ポーナ
|ja_rm   = Poona
|ko      = 파우나
|es      = Bona
|fr      = Bona
|ru      = Бона
|th      = Bona
|vi      = Bona
|de      = Bona
|id      = Bona
|pt      = Bona
|tr      = Bona
|it      = Bona
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[es:Bona]]