{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Bonds of Melody
|id            = 40079
|image         = Event Quest Bonds of Melody.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Of Ballads and Brews
|actNum        = II
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Adelinde; Bennett; Diluc; Kaeya; Klee; Lisa; Marcel (Mondstadt); Paimon; Razor; Rolf; Rosaria; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|prev          = Sounds From Afar (Quest)
|next          = Aroma of the Past (Quest)
|rewards       = Primogem*60;Weinlesefest Festive Fever*50;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Bonds of Melody''''' is the only part of [[Of Ballads and Brews/Story|Of Ballads and Brews]] Act II: [[Bonds of Melody]] during the [[Of Ballads and Brews]] event.

==Steps==
# Wait until the appointed time (08:00 – 10:00 two days later)
# Meet up with [[Razor]]
# Search for the late cart in the wild
# Scare off the hilichurls and save the cart {{Enemy List|Hilichurl*2;Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard*2}}
# Talk to Razor
# Go to the [[Knights of Favonius]] Headquarters
# Go to [[Dawn Winery]]
# Enter Dawn Winery
# Leave Dawn Winery

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 4, [[Razor]] joins the party as a trial character.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 4,5,6,8
|character_name          = Razor

<!-- WL 4 Stats-->
|character_level4        = 57
|constellation4          = 3

|weapon_name4            = Snow-Tombed Starsilver
|weapon_level4           = 57
|refinement4             = 1

|artifact_flower4        = Medal of the Brave
|artifact_feather4       = Prospect of the Brave
|artifact_sands4         = Fortitude of the Brave
|artifact_goblet4        = Outset of the Brave
|artifact_circlet4       = Crown of the Brave
|artifact_level4         = 16
|set1_4                  = Brave Heart
|set1_piece_bonus_4      = 4

|normal_attack_talent4   = 4
|elemental_skill_talent4 = 4
|elemental_burst_talent4 = 7

|hp4                     = 16,221
|atk4                    = 1,146
|def4                    = 479
|em4                     = 34
|crit_rate4              = 50.6%
|crit_dmg4               = 72.4%
|er4                     = 104.7%
|phy_dmg4                = 38.9%

<!-- WL 5 Stats-->
|character_level5        = 67
|constellation5          = 3

|weapon_name5            = Snow-Tombed Starsilver
|weapon_level5           = 67
|refinement5             = 1

|artifact_flower5        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather5       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands5         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet5        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet5       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level5         = 16
|set1_5                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_5      = 4

|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 5
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 8

|hp5                     = 18,591
|atk5                    = 1,281
|def5                    = 638
|em5                     = 42
|crit_rate5              = 51.8%
|crit_dmg5               = 91.9%
|er5                     = 165.0%
|phy_dmg5                = 41.9%

<!-- WL 6 Stats-->
|character_level6        = 78
|constellation6          = 3

|weapon_name6            = Snow-Tombed Starsilver
|weapon_level6           = 78
|refinement6             = 1

|artifact_flower6        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather6       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands6         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet6        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet6       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level6         = 20
|set1_6                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_6      = 4

|normal_attack_talent6   = 6
|elemental_skill_talent6 = 6
|elemental_burst_talent6 = 9

|hp6                     = 23,057
|atk6                    = 1,540
|def6                    = 783
|em6                     = 105
|crit_rate6              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg6               = 91.9%
|er6                     = 165.0%
|phy_dmg6                = 52.4%

<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 88
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name8            = Snow-Tombed Starsilver
|weapon_level8           = 88
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 11

|hp8                     = 25,194
|atk8                    = 1,693
|def8                    = 879
|em8                     = 105
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
|er8                     = 165.0%
|phy_dmg8                = 63.0%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Razor decides to make some [[Thousand-Wind Wine]] personally to better understand his human parents. However, which ingredients, specifically, was Venti's song referring to?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(On passing time)
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's almost time. Let's go meet up with Razor!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The meeting spot is on the bank of Cider Lake. You know the way, right?

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Where's the heck's Razor? Paimon thought he would've been here by now...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, he had a pretty big day when we last saw him... Do you think he fell asleep when he got back and is still snoozing away now?
:{{DIcon}} Sounds more like something you'd do than Razor.
:{{DIcon}} Let's wait and see.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fair enough, you're right. Let's keep waiting.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, since we've got some time on our hands, let's put our heads together and try to figure out that poem! Tone-Deaf Bard mentioned some ingredients, but they all sounded super abstract:
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' An explorer's courage, a love tender and true, a defender's will, and... the thousand winds'... "song of good cheer"...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you have any ideas?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe they aren't the "ingredients"...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe they describe the wine's "character"...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeesh, that's even more abstract! How do we go about looking for this wine's "character"? Where do we start?
:{{DIcon}} The Adventurers' Guild, the Church of Favonius...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Are you saying that it has something to do with Mondstadt's institutions?
:{{DIcon}} Yes... And as for the word "defender"...
:{{DIcon}} It makes me think of the Knights of Favonius.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, that... actually makes a surprising amount of sense. So the poem wasn't talking about any specific ingredients after all? More like... the general gist?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that you mention it, it just so happens that all the institutions you mentioned are organizers of the Weinlesefest!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Wait, this is way too big of a coincidence! That Tone-Deaf Bard, did he just make this all up on the spot!?
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps he did... as a way of helping us to help Razor.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In that case, the last part about the thousand winds' song of cheer must be code for the toasting ceremony! Ohoho, now we're cookin'! We'll crack your riddle-recipe yet, Tone-Deaf Bard!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When Razor gets here, let's visit all the places you mentioned and talk to some people we know there. We definitely should be able to find some more clues that way.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 01b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} Honorary Knight! Paimon!
:{{Introductory Note|character=Klee}}
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I'm sorry! I'm late...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's alright, we were just chatting.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 15a.ogg}} {{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 15b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}'s pretty smart, so thanks to {{MC|m=him|f=her}}, we're finally onto something!
:{{DIcon}} Hello, Klee, and Razor.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Hi. I was on my way, then I saw Klee.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' They let me out for Weinlesefest!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Albedo is super busy helping Timaeus fix his recipe for an Extra-Strong Sobriety Potion, so he doesn't have time to come play with me right now. I'm just playing by myself instead.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 04.ogg}} '''Klee:''' But it's so cool! All the grown-ups in Mondstadt are out to celebrate the festival. Everyone's smiling and having loads of fun!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 05.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I wanted to join in too. So I made a whole bunch of stuff so I can celebrate with everyone in my very own way!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Very own way"... Uh oh, this does not bode well coming from Klee.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 06.ogg}} '''Klee:''' And that's when I bumped into Razor.
:{{DIcon}} Phew, so bomb crisis averted...
:{{DIcon}} Great job, Razor.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 07.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Razor was acting kinda different than usual, like he was thinking about something. So I asked him, "What happened?"
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 08.ogg}} '''Klee:''' And then Razor said that he was looking for his mommy!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I did not say mommy.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 09.ogg}} '''Klee:''' It's okay, silly! Mommies are important people, so finding your mommy is a super important job. That's why Klee's gonna come help!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' ...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' *panting* Razor... Razor... finally, I found you.
:{{Introductory Note|character=Bennett}}
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 05.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Bennett?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh, haha, look who's here! Hey, everyone.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Here, this is for you.
::{{Item|Small Lamp Grass|notext=1|80}}
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... a Small Lamp Grass?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Yup, that's right. I tripped up on it this morning and took a little tumble.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I did a full faceplant, but somehow, this little thing came out completely unscathed. That's when I knew it was destined to go into your wine mix!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 10.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Bennett, how did you manage to trip up on a Small Lamp Grass?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, that's true. They do glow, after all...
:{{DIcon}} To be fair, they only glow at night...
:{{DIcon}} It doesn't help during the day.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 11.ogg}} '''Klee:''' No, no, I wasn't talking about the glowing. What I meant was, they're really big and easy to spot. So I don't get how you didn't see it.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Haha, ah, I was just running too fast and got careless, I guess.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' (Okay, I guess maybe I won't tell them about the other faceplants that came after that...)
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Anyway, I've been all over the place trying to find Razor this morning. Everyone I asked told me I'd just missed him.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Good thing I've caught up now, I can finally catch my breath...
:{{DIcon}} What a trooper...
:{{DIcon}} Definitely time to take a break...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Thanks, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 06.ogg}} '''Razor:''' How did you know... I need ingredients?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh, that? Yeah, interesting story.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' This lady came to see Master Cyrus, asking for the Adventurers' Guild's support with the Weinlesefest. Said she was the librarian. Anyway, she mentioned your situation too, and asked if we could help...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, Lisa is doing some real work for once?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 13.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ohhh! So that was Lisa? People say she's crazy intelligent but just doesn't go out much... First time I've ever seen her.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 14.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I thought long and hard about what ingredients to pick, and came up with a load of suggestions that I was gonna discuss with you...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 15.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But then I realized that Small Lamp Grass was clearly the best. It shines a light to guide the way for explorers in the dark. Doesn't that sound like a wonderful thing?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 07.ogg}} '''Razor:''' ...Apologies... for the trouble.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 16.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ahh, don't gimme that! I get how you must be feeling about all of this. Besides, you gotta help out your friends, right?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 17.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' If my family... uh, well, my dads ever needed help one day, I know you'd be there for me too.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 08.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Yes.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 12.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Can I help, too? Please, take me with you, pleeease! I wanna join in!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Klee's in high spirits today. She seems more excited by this festival than anyone.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 09.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Bennett, before now... you never talk about your family.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 18.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ahh, haha, well that's because I never met my parents. I was raised by some of the older adventurers in the guild. So we're not exactly a typical family.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 19.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But if you do want to hear about them, I can tell you some of my dads' stories. Hmm... okay, I'll start with the most awesome one.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 13.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Aw, Bennett...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 14.ogg}} '''Klee:''' You can be Mommy's kid, just like Klee! My mom is super nice &mdash; she'll take great care of you!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 20.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 21.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I really appreciate the thought, Klee. But I'm afraid I can't accept your offer...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 22.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I already have my dads and all my friends... And let's not forget that I'm the leader of Benny's Adventure Team. You don't need to worry about me.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 15.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Oh, okay. I got it. Um, then have this.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A Jumpy Dumpty?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 16.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yeah! It's a lazy, dopey Jumpy Dumpty that always dozes and never explodes! I hope you guys can be best friends.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 23.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...Are you sure?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 17.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yep! Jumpy Dumpty will be happy to make a new friend, too.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 10.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I... also happy for you.
:{{DIcon}} I still have to look for ingredients with Razor...
:{{DIcon}} Why don't you two go adventuring together?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good idea. Maybe Klee will bring Bennett some good luck, and the adventure will go smoothly. And you might just find some treasures you've never noticed before!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course... It's also highly possible that Klee will be the only one who gets lucky...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 25.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, on the flip side, Klee won't be getting into any trouble with Bennett there. And this way, she'll still get to enjoy the Weinlesefest!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 24.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Cool, don't worry about a thing! We'll look after each other.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 18.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yay! Adventure! Treasure! Weinlesefest! Let's go, let's go!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 19a.ogg}} {{A|vo jnjeq002 2 klee 19b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Oh... wait, but what about Wolfie? Wolfie&mdash; uh, I mean Razor needs looking after. Honorary Knight, Paimon, you'd better take care of Razor, okay? Make sure he finds his mommy.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 11.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Mm...
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to us.
:{{DIcon}} Be careful.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 12.ogg}} '''Razor:''' ...Good luck.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 bennett 25.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' See ya later, folks.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 26.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, it's so nice to see everyone in such a good mood.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 27.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh...! Paimon almost forgot the whole reason we came here!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 28.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Razor, {{Traveler}} and Paimon were just chatting about the ingredients Venti mentioned in his poem. We think that they're actually a description of the wine's characteristics.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 29.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Plus, it seems like each of them means something special to one of the three big institutions in Mondstadt. So, if we talk to some people we know at each place, maybe we'll find what you're looking for.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 13.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 30.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong? Something on your mind? Do you want to talk about it?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 14.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Yes. These days, I think a lot.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 15.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I am not... smart. Not like teacher, not like {{Traveler}}. But... I still have to think.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 16.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Everyone is ready to help, but... some things, I must do myself.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 17.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I don't understand human father and mother... but I must find a way to understand.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 18.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Maybe I can learn about other people's father and mother first, then think about my own father and mother.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 19.ogg}} '''Razor:''' That's why I want to ask questions.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 31.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's great! Keep at it, and you'll definitely find the answer eventually.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 20.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Never knew Bennett is... like me.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 21.ogg}} '''Razor:''' When he talks about "dads," his scent changes.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 22.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Warm, like a bed of straw in the sun.
:{{DIcon}} Let's find more people to speak to.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 32.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! We should head back into the city. Let's find a friendly face at the Church of Favonius!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 33.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, now who does Razor know best at the church...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 marcel 01.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' Excuse me, I couldn't help but overhear that you're about to head back into the city. Is that right?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 marcel 02.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' I'm waiting on a fruit cart from the city. It should be here now, but... I'm getting worried that something may have happened on the way, but I can't leave the festival to check up on it...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 marcel 03.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' Would you be able to do me a huge favor, and keep an eye out for the cart on your way back?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 paimon 34.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ummm... Well, if it's on the way...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 23.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Okay, we go. I go too.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 razor 24.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Everyone helps me. Now I have chance, to help everyone.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 2 marcel 04.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' That's wonderful, thank you so much!

;(Talk to Marcel again)
:{{A|vo dialog jnjeq002 marcel 01.ogg}} '''Marcel:''' We're going through a ton of fruit this Weinlesefest... I really need that cart to get here safely.
----
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 3 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' *sniff*... This way.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Paimon sees the cart, but what are these hilichurls doing here!? Do they want some fresh fruit now, too?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, to the rescue!

;(Defeat the hilichurls)
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' ...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, finally. These hilichurls are a little too obsessed with food for their own good... But never mind that, are you okay? Did they hurt you?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rolf 01.ogg}} '''Rolf:''' Phew... I'm fine, thanks to you. You were just in time. Any later, and all you'd have found here is a pile of pulp... and I don't think there'd be much left of the fruit, either.
:{{DIcon}} They're still waiting for you at the festival.
:{{DIcon}} Keep your eyes peeled on the road.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rolf 02.ogg}} '''Rolf:''' Got it. Well, thanks again! I'd better not delay this delivery any longer, so goodbye and Happy Weinlesefest!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rolf 03.ogg}} '''Rolf:''' Thanks to you, too, kiddo.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Mm.
:{{DIcon}} What is it, Razor?
:{{DIcon}} You seem a little...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Enemy following.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' "Enemy"? Heh, I think we're a little closer than that.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' On some level, you could even say that we're brother and sister.
:{{Introductory Note|character=Rosaria|v=3.1}}
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Rosaria! What the heck are you doing here?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... Actually, turning up at random places is pretty normal for you...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, next question: What the heck do you mean "brother and sister"?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Varka taught you how to use that sword, I take it? Swift but powerful. Heh, I can spot that old-timer's style anywhere.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' ...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 04.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I see you're not much of a talker. Well, there's something else you could learn from Varka. Never lost for words, even when he has nothing to say... It'd be good conversation practice for you. Just a shame we have no idea when he'll be back.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 05.ogg}} '''Razor:''' It's okay. I will wait.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Brother and sister...? Varka...?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Paimon gets it. Varka is a father figure to both of them, so that makes them family &mdash; just not by blood.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 05.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Well, blood relations are overrated anyway, don't you think?
:{{DIcon}} I think the bond of blood is a strong one.
::{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 06a 1a.ogg}} {{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 06a 1b.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Ah, I almost forgot. You have a {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}}.
:{{DIcon}} ...Hard to say.
::{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 06b 1.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I get it. In the final moments of your life, the people there with you won't necessarily be your blood relatives.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 06.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Cold, dark grown-up... You also don't remember what your real mother and real father look like?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 07.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Huh... So you're helping him dig up some info on his biological parents? And trying to help him build a concept of family along the way?
:{{DIcon}} You could say that.
:{{DIcon}} Just gathering some reference material.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 08.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Alright, you got me.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 09.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I barely have any memories of my birth parents... The last time I saw them was long before I had any understanding of the world around me.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 10.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' But that seems pretty common. Even in this day and age, there are plenty of people in the world who can't stop thinking about their families, but will never get to see them.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 11.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Anyway, if you're never gonna meet someone, it's not worth spending mental energy on them. It's more important to focus on the kind of person you want to become.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 07.ogg}} '''Razor:''' No! You are wrong about this.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 08.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Lupical protect each other. Human family also important. Must care about them.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 12.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' ...Fine. So let's say you do find out who your parents were, and they were saints. Or the opposite, they were complete monsters. What then?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 13.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' How would that affect your life choices? What would you do about it?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 09.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Ummm...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, Rosaria's take is a little on the nose... That's a hard one for Razor to answer.
:{{DIcon}} But it's normal to be curious.
:{{DIcon}} The urge to know is understandable.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 14.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Don't get me wrong, I'm not trying to make this any more difficult than it already is. But Razor's feeling lost and confused right now, and all the other Mondstadters we know are too sunny and bright to tell it like it really is...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 15.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' ...The sun nurtures many good things, but it can't do anything about the problems lurking in the shadows.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Rosaria...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 16.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Alright, I'll leave it there. Take this flower, it's icy cold &mdash; just like me.
::{{Item|Mist Flower Corolla|notext=1|80}}
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 17.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Barbara's busy preparing the sung poetry event for the Weinlesefest. She couldn't get away, so I picked an ingredient out on behalf of the church.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But can we really use a Mist Flower? Won't it freeze the entire barrel?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 18.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' No, not now that I've dealt with it. The bard did say to think "freedom," didn't he? So go on, take it. It won't be a problem.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, Rosaria, you're more thoughtful than Paimon realized...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Uh, wait, you heard the bard say that? Were you spying on us!?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 10.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Thank you...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 19.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Don't mention it. It's nothing. Varka's been a big help to me in the past, so just consider it returning a favor. Besides... if I'm your older sister, I might as well act like it.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 rosaria 20.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Good luck finding your answers.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now you see her, now you don't... Paimon's slowly getting used to her style.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh well, as "love tender and true" goes, that was pretty awkward, but... still counts, right? Now all that's left is the Knights of Favonius.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 11.ogg}} '''Razor:''' ...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Razor, are you still thinking about what Rosaria said?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 12.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Her words, are like Mist Flower. They are cold, and they sting.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 13.ogg}} '''Razor:''' But cold also good for wounds. Like Wolfhook.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 14.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I need to, think about it. Maybe then, I will understand.
:{{DIcon}} It'll take some time, there's no need to rush it.
:{{DIcon}} We'll wait for you.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 15.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Okay.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 4 razor 16.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I will come with you. I think while we walk.
----
;(Enter Jean's office)
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' ...So you see, you're the best person for this.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oho, just in time. Lisa and I were just talking about Razor's situation.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Where were we... Ah, yes, the barrel!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? But obviously, the knights part is supposed to be "a defender's will." But what kind of ingredient is a barrel?
:{{DIcon}} Obviously that's not what he meant.
::{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 paimon 02a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... F&mdash;Fair enough...
:{{DIcon}} Seems entirely reasonable to me.
::{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 paimon 02b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is your brain half-asleep or something? It doesn't make any sense at all!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe... Oh, Paimon, don't worry, you'll get your ingredient. I've already tasked someone with sorting it out.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' The person is very conscientious, and wants to properly research their contribution. So it may take some time, but hopefully it'll be worth the wait.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' As for the barrel... how else were you planning on mixing all the ingredients? Surely not in the giant cooking pot at Dadaupa Gorge?
:{{DIcon}} Ah, the memories...
:{{DIcon}} That would be a "Suspicious Thousand-Wind Wine"...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' After much deliberation, I realized this was a job for the most sociable and savviest member in our ranks, the Cavalry Captain. So I asked him to take a trip to the Dawn Winery, and somehow bring back a wine barrel.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' *sigh* Alright, spare me the flattery, Lisa. We're all friends here, and I know you're only trying to help your student.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...But I haven't been back there in a long time. This could be quite difficult to accomplish in just a single trip.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Difficult? For you? Don't be silly, negotiating is your biggest strength.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Weinlesefest is one of the most important festivals in Mondstadt, and you know how Diluc thinks better than anyone.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 08.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Just drop a few little hints, like how this is the first festival Mondstadt has had in a long time, we're short on much-needed supplies for a multitude of reasons... Oh, who can help us?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 09.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' When he hears that, I guarantee you he'll offer to help out with finances and sourcing goods.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lisa's literally trying to extort Master Diluc!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hmm... I suppose. Alright, I'll head out right away.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, he didn't take much persuading!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, and Paimon was just about to thank Lisa for the things she's been doing for Razor behind the scenes...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't even know whose side to be on anymore...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' ...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' {{Traveler}} and teacher, did a lot for me. A lot of work.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 razor 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' But me... I still can't answer questions. So useless.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 10.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Dear me, what's gotten you so upset, my little wolf cub? We can't have you being so down in the dumps.
:{{DIcon}} Some questions, he can't stop thinking about.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe an information overload.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 11.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Ah, I see.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 12.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hmm. Cutie, how about you keep Kaeya company while I stay here and help Razor process his feelings? As his teacher, I owe him some tutelage anyway.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 13.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Come and collect him in a few days' time. The last ingredient should be ready by then as well.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Splendid. I was just thinking about how nice it would be to have some company on my trip.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I don't know what is right, but I trust Teacher. I accept.
:{{DIcon}} It's a plan then.
:{{DIcon}} Lisa, you're a godsend. Thank you.
::{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 14b 1.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Well, aren't you a sweet one? But this is as much my business as yours. It's my pleasure, really.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 5 lisa 15.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Run along now, and don't forget to tell Diluc that the Knights of Favonius send our regards.

;(Talk to Razor or Lisa again)
:{{A|vo dialog jnjeq002 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' My heart, feels like, rotten berries. So sour.
:{{A|vo dialog jnjeq002 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I don't understand what I should do...
:{{A|vo dialog jnjeq002 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Aw, alright. I'll teach you a very special magic trick that can make all your troubles disappear in the blink of an eye.
:{{A|vo dialog jnjeq002 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' But before we do that, let's warm up with something a little bit easier, hmm? Let's practice some talking.
:{{A|vo dialog jnjeq002 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' That way, the next time somebody helps you, or you have a different opinion from the rest of the group, you'll be able to express what you think clearly and precisely.
:{{A|vo dialog jnjeq002 razor 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Okay!
:{{A|vo dialog jnjeq002 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I will do my best.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Before the last brewing material is ready, you decide to follow Kaeya to Dawn Winery to help Razor find a suitable barrel.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Dawn Winery subarea)
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kaeya, you're fond of a good drink, aren't you? Weinlesefest must be right up your alley.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Kaeya...?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 6 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, I'm sorry, my mind was elsewhere... What was your question?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, never mind. Nothing that important.

;(Enter Dawn Winery)
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi there, Master Diluc!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Oh? I was just wondering who'd be coming all the way out here during the Weinlesefest. So it's you two.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...And you, too.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Brrr, so cold. Almost enough to make me feel unwelcome here, Master Diluc.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Don't forget that this is my home, too. I'm fairly certain that taking a trip home during festival season is a universal custom, common to all the cultures of Teyvat.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Please get to the point.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The point is one that you've already raised yourself: the Weinlesefest.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' To celebrate this long-awaited festival, the Acting Grand Master has been coordinating with both the church and the Adventurers' Guild to host a series of events.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Unfortunately, given the financial situation of the Knights of Favonius... Well, I'm sure you can imagine...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' And the Knights of Favonius's woes have what, exactly, to do with me?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hey, no need to be so cruel. Even I'm not going to take that. Everyone's just doing the best they can for Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Now, I can't remember the last time I tasted Dawn Winery's Weinlesefest special... And I'm sure the Mondstadt populace would echo this sentiment.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Are you going to deny others the opportunity to drink to their hearts' content just because you don't like to drink yourself?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Check it out, Kaeya's not-so-subtly asking for freebies... He's actually doing it...
:{{DIcon}} What a guy.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Anyway, speaking of the knights, everyone dearly hopes that you'll rejoin our ranks again one day. Then we'll be one big, happy family again.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' If we were able to enjoy the sterling reputation of Master Diluc, my... I'm sure people would be queuing for our charity booth all the way to Falcon Coast...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...Hmph.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Give that silver tongue of yours a rest. You might need it to maintain public order at the festival.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Duly noted on the financial issues you raised. I'll have Elzer follow up with Hertha in more detail.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' And I just so happen to have a batch of wine that I can offer as a token of appreciation to everyone that has been working so hard for the festival.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Shall I address it to you personally?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' That would be an absurd request, even for me. The words "with compliments from the Dawn Winery" ought never be preceded by "To the Cavalry Captain." Is that not the unwritten rule?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 10.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' You're better informed than I thought. In that case, I will leave this with Adelinde and keep everything anonymous.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I really can't thank you enough.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Master Diluc is so generous! That's all Paimon needs to get that warm, fuzzy feeling... which is just as well, since she won't be allowed to drink a drop.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 11.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Are you two here regarding the Weinlesefest, too?
:{{DIcon}} Actually, we're here about Razor...
:{{DIcon}} We need a barrel...
:{{Black Screen|You tell Diluc that you're helping Razor to make Thousand-Wind Wine...}}
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Poor Razor. He grew up so fast, and he's still looking for his father. Master Diluc, we really ought to lend him a hand.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How come Klee said he's looking for his mom, but Kaeya says he's looking for his dad...? It might make more sense to them, but it's gonna get confusing for everyone else!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 12.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It's okay. I understand.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 13.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' We have a spare barrel in the winery. It's a little old, but it's been specially treated for durability. You could leave it next to a Flaming Flower all day and there wouldn't be a scratch. I think that one should satisfy your needs.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds great, we'll take it! When can we come fetch it?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 14.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' No need. I'll have someone deliver it to the festival market. Just collect it from the Angel's Share stand.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, you always make things so nice and easy for us, Master Diluc! Hehe, thanks a lot. Razor will really appreciate it.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 15.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' You're more than welcome. Helping each other is what friends do.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Wonderful. Always eager to help, and never forgets to return a favor. That's the Master Diluc I know.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 16.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...It's nearly dinner time. Would you care to stay for a meal?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 15.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' How time flies... I'll be on my way, then...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 17.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmph.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 adelinde 01.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' How did you put it? Ah, yes: "Taking a trip home during festival season is a universal custom, common to all the cultures of Teyvat." Now that even Master Diluc has made an offer... Are you quite sure you won't stay for a meal after coming all this way, Master Kaeya?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 16.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I couldn't possibly, Adelinde. I wouldn't want to trouble you.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 adelinde 02.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Oh, don't say that. How often do I get a chance to indulge my dear Master Kaeya, hmm? Tea for the Cavalry Captain when you visit in an official capacity doesn't count. I only get to spoil you if you'll let me cook for you.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 17.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, uh...
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 18.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' What happened to your swagger? Lost for words?
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 18.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...Ahaha... Diluc, you&mdash;
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 19.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Surely you wouldn't dream of disappointing Adelinde?
:{{DIcon}} The more the merrier.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 19.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...Alright then. I'll take you up on the offer. Adelinde, one more set of cutlery, please, if you'd be so kind.
:{{Black Screen|The group dines to the sound of Kaeya's jesting and Diluc's disapproving grunts...}}
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oof, Paimon's so full... Adelinde's cooking is amazing. Everything looked and tasted so beautiful.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you for your hospitality.
:{{DIcon}} I enjoyed it as well.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 20.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Glad you liked it. You're welcome to join again anytime.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 20.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh? Then I may have to tag along on {{Traveler}}'s adventures more often in the future.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, Kaeya's back to his usual ways.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 kaeya 21.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Alright, now that our task is complete and our bellies are full, it's time for me to get back to work.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 adelinde 03.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Take care, Master Kaeya. Have a safe trip back.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should get going as well. Lisa's taking care of Razor, but the Weinlesefest can't do without us.
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See you next time, Master Diluc!
:{{A|vo jnjeq002 7 diluc 21.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Indeed. Goodbye.

;(Talk to Diluc again)
:{{A|vo dialog jnjeq002 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Family, huh...
:{{A|vo dialog jnjeq002 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...
:{{A|vo dialog jnjeq002 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Don't mind me. You should probably head back and get some rest.
:{{A|vo dialog jnjeq002 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I'm not the most familiar with Razor, but you can contact me if you ever need help.

;(Talk to Adelinde again)
:{{A|vo dialog jnjeq002 adelinde 01.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' It's been a long time since I last saw Masters Diluc and Kaeya sharing a meal together. The atmosphere was... ahem, was not something that a maid of my lowly stature should be commenting on.
:{{A|vo dialog jnjeq002 adelinde 02.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' {{Traveler}}, thank you so much for visiting. I hope to see you again soon.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude = Bonds of Melody}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[es:Una reunión eufónica]]
[[pt-br:Laços da Melodia (Missão)]]
[[ru:Узы песни]]