{{Act Infobox
|image          = Of Ballads and Brews Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Of Ballads and Brews
|actNum         = II
|prev           = Sounds From Afar
|next           = Aroma of the Past
}}
'''''Bonds of Melody''''' is the second act of the [[Of Ballads and Brews]] event.

==Quests==
* ''[[Bonds of Melody (Quest)|Bonds of Melody]]''

==Summary==
The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] promise to meet up with [[Razor]] at the [[Weinlesefest]] festival market in [[Springvale]] after two days. They arrive earlier, and while waiting, The Traveler and Paimon discuss [[Venti]]'s song, trying to figure out the necessary ingredients to make a Thousand-Wind Wine for Razor. Eventually they deduce that the song doesn't really hint towards specific ingredients; instead, it hints that the wine should bear the characteristics of the three institutions that happen to currently organize the Weinlesefest: "an explorer's courage" for the [[Adventurers' Guild]], "a love tender and true" for the [[Church of Favonius]], and "a defender's will" for the [[Knights of Favonius]].

Razor soon arrives following [[Klee]], who is being let out of her confinement room for the festival. She heard about Razor's predicament and wants to help him find his "mommy." Not long after, [[Bennett]] then catches up to the group and hands Razor a [[Small Lamp Grass]]. Bennett saw [[Lisa]] talking to [[Cyrus]] about Razor's situation and then came up with multiple ingredient suggestions before he eventually tripped on a Small Lamp Grass on his way to find Razor. The plant came out unscathed during his accident, and as it shines a light to guide the way for explorers in the dark, Bennett thinks the Small Lamp Grass is the best ingredient for Razor's Thousand-Wind Wine. Bennett then leaves with Klee to escort her sightseeing around Weinlesefest.

Paimon then tells Razor their deduction about Venti's song, suggesting they go visit the Church of Favonius to find someone to talk to. As they're about to leave for [[Mondstadt]], a merchant, [[Marcel]], stops them and asks for their help in locating his delayed fruit cart.

On the way, the group discovers a [[Rolf|courier]] and his cart surrounded by [[hilichurl]]s. After fending them off and making sure the fruit cart can resume its journey safely, Razor senses [[Rosaria]]'s presence and becomes wary of her, thinking that she's an enemy. Rosaria scoffs as she thinks she and Razor should be more amicable as they're brother and sister, by virtue of both of them having [[Varka]] as their fatherly figure.

Rosaria confronts Razor with some potential darker truth about his parents and the way he's thinking too hard about the whole situation, leaving him speechless. The Traveler defends him, but Rosaria is only pointing it out because she knows that the people of Mondstadt they're acquainted with are too "sunny and bright" to offer him such darker &mdash; if not realistic, perspective. She then presents him a [[Mist Flower Corolla]] as the ingredient that will represent the Church of Favonius, since [[Barbara]] is too busy with other event preparations and thus won't be able to meet them. Paimon notes that Rosaria is more thoughtful than she seems, and Rosaria says that she does this to return Varka's favor and possibly to start acting more like an older sister to Razor, before leaving the group without any other words, much to their confusion. As they have acquired the Church of Favonius' representative ingredient, the group then heads towards the headquarters of the Knights of Favonius.

Arriving in the Grand Master's office, the group finds Lisa and [[Kaeya]] discussing some issues pertaining Weinlesefest and how they need a barrel for Razor's wine-brewing needs too, much to Paimon's confusion. Lisa explains that she has tasked [[Noelle|someone]] to work on the ingredient that will represent the Knights of Favonius, but they are still missing the container to brew the wine itself. Hence, she's persuading Kaeya to visit the [[Dawn Winery]] to procure a wine barrel. The Traveler and Paimon then decide to accompany Kaeya to the Dawn Winery while Razor stays with Lisa to discuss about his worries.

Arriving in Dawn Winery, Kaeya and [[Diluc]] shared some tense bantering as Kaeya persuades Diluc to lend his assistance to the festival. Diluc eventually yields, before turning his attention to the Traveler and Paimon, who explain Razor's situation to him. Diluc agrees to help them as the winery do have some spare barrels, and he'll send one to the [[Angel's Share]] stall in the festival market for them to pick up. As it is late, Diluc invites Kaeya, the Traveler, and Paimon for dinner. Kaeya initially turns the offer down before [[Adelinde]] persuades him to stay and Kaeya couldn't refuse her. The group then have a dinner together before parting ways.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Bonds of Melody
|zhs     = 自歌谣汇聚的牵绊
|zhs_rm  = Zì Gēyáo Huìjù de Qiānbàn
|zht     = 自歌謠匯聚的牽絆
|zht_rm  = Zì Gēyáo Huìjù de Qiānbàn
|zh_tl   = The Bonds Gathered From Songs
|ja      = 歌謡より寄せ集めし絆
|ja_rm   = Kayou yori Yoseatsumeshi Kizuna
|ja_tl   = Bonds Created by Songs
|ko      = 노래로 엮인 인연
|ko_tl   = Song-Bound Relationship
|es      = Una reunión eufónica
|es_tl   = A Euphonic Reunion
|fr      = Liens de mélodie
|fr_tl   = Bonds of Melody
|ru      = Узы песни
|ru_tl   = Bonds of a Song
|th      = ความผูกพันจากบทกวี
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sợi Dây Liên Kết Trong Câu Ca
|vi_tl   = The Binding String in the Songs
|de      = In Melodien verdichtete Verbindung
|de_tl   = In Melodies Compacted Bonds
|id      = Ikatan Melodi
|id_tl   = Bonds of Melody
|pt      = Laços da Melodia
|pt_tl   = Bonds of the Melody
|tr      = Melodik Bağlar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Legami melodici
|it_tl   = Melodic Ties
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[ja:歌謡より寄せ集めし絆]]
[[pt-br:Laços da Melodia]]