{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|group            = Fungus NPCs
|image            = Enemy Floating Hydro Fungus.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|location2        = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Bongo-Head''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that first appeared in the Event [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]].

==Profile==
Bongo-Head was originally a [[Floating Hydro Fungus]] that lived in the wild. During the first iteration of the [[Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] caught several fungi to make their team for the tournament, which included Bongo-Head. They would go on to win numerous matches, only to discover that the tournament was actually a plot by the [[Elchingen]], a [[Fatui|Fatuus]], and [[Kautilya]] to control the fungi and take over Sumeru. Unlike the other fungi, Bongo-Head was able to resist Elchingen's control due to sharing a stronger bond than the backdoor control implemented in Elchingen's orb. 

After the truth of the tournament was revealed, [[Haniyyah]] decides to take the fungi into her care until the Wisdom Orb technology was improved upon. Bongo-Head would stay with Haniyyah alongside [[Blitzara]], [[Kindlejoy]] and [[Twirly-Whirly]] and would catch up with its owner from time to time.

===Appearance===
Bongo-Head takes on the appearance of a Floating Hydro Fungus. During combat in the event Fabulous Fungus Frenzy, like all Floating Hydro Fungi, Bongo-Head appeared in its Activated state.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
* In the Chinese-exclusive Web Event [[Taking Pictures and Recounting Good Times]], Layla and the Traveler visit [[Twirly-Whirly]], Bongo-Head, and [[Blitzara]] on [[Taking Pictures and Recounting Good Times/Layla/2022-12-19|Layla's birthday in 2022]].

==Gallery==
{{Files by Character Gallery|Bongo-Head Gallery Files}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Bongo-Head
|zhs      = 咚咚小圆帽
|zhs_rm   = Dōngdōng Xiǎo-yuánmào
|zht      = 咚咚小圓帽
|zht_rm   = Dōngdōng Xiǎo-yuánmào
|zh_tl    = Bonk-Bonk Beanie
|zh_note  = {{zh|咚咚|rm=Dōngdōng}} is an onomatopoeia for a hollow sound, such as that of a drum.
|ja       = ポコポコビーニー
|ja_rm    = Pokopoko Biinii
|ja_tl    = Bonk-Bonk Beanie
|ja_note  = {{ja|ポコポコ|rm=Pokopoko}} is an onomatopoeia for a hollow sound, such as that of a drum.
|ko       = 둥둥 모자
|ko_tl    = Floaty-Floaty Hat
|es       = Cabezabombo
|es_tl    = Drum-Head
|fr       = Chapotoc
|fr_tl    = Knocko-Hat
|ru       = Бам-бам-шапочка
|ru_tl    = Bang-Bang-Hattie
|th       = เจ้าหมวกกลมโป๊ก ๆ
|th_rm    = Chao Muak-klom Pok-pok
|th_tl    = Cutie Drum Hat
|vi       = Nón Trống Tròn
|vi_tl    = Round Drum Hat
|de       = Trommelkäppchen
|de_tl    = Drum Beanie
|id       = Topi Gendang
|id_tl    = Drum Hat
|pt       = Cabeça de Bongô
|pt_tl    = Bongo Head
|tr       = Davul Kafa
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Tamburino
|it_tl    = Drummer
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Cabeça de Bongô]]