[[Version 2.6]]
* Added the following books:
**[[Let's Go, Dodoco!]]
**[[Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power]]
**[[Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?]]
**[[Teyvat Travel Guide]]: Vol. 3
----
[[Version 2.4]]
* Added the following books:
**[[The Byakuyakoku Collection]]
**[[Ragged Notebook (Bygones Times Like Dust Passing)]]
**[[Records of a Changing Village]]
**[[Mountainous Miscellany]]
----
[[Version 2.3]]
* Added the following books:
**[[The Serpent and Drakes of Tokoyokoku]]
----
[[Version 2.2]]
* Added the following books:
**[[Treasured Tales of the Chouken Shinkageuchi]]
**[[A Preliminary Study of Sangonomiya Folk Belief]]
**[[The Life of Mouun the Shrine Maiden]]
**[[Diary of Roald the Adventurer]]: Vol. 11
----
[[Version 2.1]]
* Added the following books:
**[[Princess Mina of the Fallen Nation]]
**[[Flowers for Princess Fischl]]
**[[Toki Alley Tales]]: Vol 4-6
----
[[Version 2.0]]
* Added the following books:
**[[A Legend of Sword]]: Vol. 1-5
**[[Hex & Hound]]: Vol. 10 and 11
**[[New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune]]: Vol. 1-5
**[[Someone's Diary]]: Vol. 6
**[[The Saga of Hamavaran]]: Vol. 1-3
**[[Toki Alley Tales]]: Vol. 1-3
**[[Sangonomiya Chronicles]]
**[[Tattered Paper]]
**[[Incomplete Notes]]
**[[Illegible Notes]]
----
[[Version 1.5]]
*Added the following books:
**[[Hex & Hound]]: Vol. 9
**[[Records of the Gallant]]: Vol. 2
**[[String of Pearls]]: Vol. 4 and 5
----
[[Version 1.3]]
*Added the following books:
**[[String of Pearls]]: Vol. 2 and 3
**[[Yakshas: The Guardian Adepti]]
----
[[Version 1.2]]
*Added the following books:
**[[String of Pearls]]: Vol. 1
----
[[Version 1.1]]
* The [[Archive]] system was added where a majority of books were removed from the player's [[Inventory]].
** There are still some exceptions that may be found as Quest Items.
** Some books were renamed in order to be serialized within the Archive.
----
[[Version 1.0]]
* All books were located in the Quest Items part of the player's inventory.
<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>