{{Change History/Header}}
[[Version 5.5]]
* Added the following books:
** [[Kompore the Cunning]]: Vol. 1–3
** [[Sundjatta's First Foray]]: Vol. 1–3
** [[Rangi Nui's End]]: Vol. 1
** [[The Headless Coquitao]]: Vol. 1–2
----
[[Version 5.4]]
* Added the following books:
**[[Men of Lithin]]: Vol. 1–3
**[[Glimpses of Mysterious Inazuma]]: Vol. 1–2
----
[[Version 5.2]]
* Added the following books:
**[[The Tale of Kuntur]]
**[[Fires of Autumn Twilight]]: Vol. 1–3
**[[Mt. Lingmeng Gossip]]: Vol. 1–3
**[[Springs of Hidden Jade]]: Vol. 1–2
----
[[Version 5.0]]
* Added the following books:
**[[Maawe and Monetoo]]: Vol. 1–3
**[[Records of Hanan Pacha]]: Vol. 1–3
**[[The Tale of Qoyllor and Ukuku]]: Vol. 1
**[[The Volcano Lord and the Shadow Pins]]: Vol. 1
----
[[Version 4.7]]
* Added the following books:
**[[The Feline Firm]]: Vol. 1–8
**[[The Little Witch and the Undying Fire]]: Vol. 1–7
----
[[Version 4.6]]
* Added the following books:
**[[Anecdota Septentrionalis]]: Vol. 1–3
----
[[Version 4.5]]
* Added the following books:
**[[Perinheri]]: Vol. 1–2
----
[[Version 4.4]]
* Added the following books:
**[[Time Trekker]]: Vol. 1-3
----
[[Version 4.3]]
* Added the following books:
**[[The Two Musketeers]]: Vol. 1-3
----
[[Version 4.2]]
* Added the following books:
**[[The Fall of the Faded Castle]]: Vol. 1–3
**[[La Chanson d'Erinnyes]]: Vol. 1–3
**[[Tales of a Snow-Winged Goose]]: Vol. 1–3
----
[[Version 4.0]]
* Added the following books:
**[[The History of the Decline and Fall of Remuria]]: Vol. 1–3
**[[Fables de Fontaine]]: Vol. 1–3
**[[Robben versus Chesterton: Iridescent Brooch]]: Vol. 1–3
----
[[Version 3.4]]
* Added the following books:
**[[A Thousand Nights]]: Vol. 1-3
----
[[Version 3.1]]
* Added the following books:
**[[A Thousand Nights]]: Vol. 4-6
----
[[Version 3.0]]
* Added the following books:
**[[Scroll of Streaming Song]]
**[[The Folio of Foliage]]
**[[The Tale of Shiruyeh and Shirin]]
**[[An Ode to Soul-Light]]
**[[The Lay of Al-Ahmar]]
**[[The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle]]
----
[[Version 2.6]]
* Added the following books:
**[[Let's Go, Dodoco!]]
**[[Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power]]
**[[Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?]]
**[[Teyvat Travel Guide]]: Vol. 3
**[[A Legend of Sword]]: Vol. 6
----
[[Version 2.4]]
* Added the following books:
**[[The Byakuyakoku Collection]]
**[[Ragged Notebook (Bygones Times Like Dust Passing)]]
**[[Records of a Changing Village]]
**[[Mountainous Miscellany]]
----
[[Version 2.3]]
* Added the following books:
**[[The Serpent and Drakes of Tokoyokoku]]
----
[[Version 2.2]]
* Added the following books:
**[[Treasured Tales of the Chouken Shinkageuchi]]
**[[A Preliminary Study of Sangonomiya Folk Belief]]
**[[The Life of Mouun the Shrine Maiden]]
**[[Diary of Roald the Adventurer]]: Vol. 11
**[[Debates on the "Viceroy of the East"]]
----
[[Version 2.1]]
* Added the following books:
**[[Princess Mina of the Fallen Nation]]
**[[Flowers for Princess Fischl]]
**[[Toki Alley Tales]]: Vol. 4–6
**[[New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune]]: Vol. 6
**[[Onibudou]]
----
[[Version 2.0]]
* Added the following books:
**[[Diary of Roald the Adventurer]]: Vol. 10
**[[A Legend of Sword]]: Vol. 1–5
**[[Hex & Hound]]: Vol. 10 and 11
**[[New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune]]: Vol. 1–5
**[[Someone's Diary]]: Vol. 6
**[[The Saga of Hamavaran]]: Vol. 1–3
**[[Toki Alley Tales]]: Vol. 1–3
**[[Sangonomiya Chronicles]]
**[[Sacred Sakura Cleansing Summary]]
**[[Tattered Paper (Washizu)|Tattered Paper]]
**[[Incomplete Notes]]
**[[Illegible Notes]]
----
[[Version 1.5]]
*Added the following books:
**[[Hex & Hound]]: Vol. 9
**[[Records of the Gallant]]: Vol. 2
**[[String of Pearls]]: Vol. 4 and 5
**[[Handy Handbook of Hilichurlian]]
----
[[Version 1.3]]
*Added the following books:
**[[Records of Jueyun]]: Vol. 5 and 6
**[[String of Pearls]]: Vol. 2 and 3
**[[Hex & Hound]]: Vol. 6–8
**[[Yakshas: The Guardian Adepti]]
----
[[Version 1.2]]
*Added the following books:
**[[Diary of Roald the Adventurer]]: Vol. 9
**[[Records of Jueyun]]: Vol. 3 and 4
**[[Customs of Liyue]]: Vol. 3
**[[String of Pearls]]: Vol. 1
**[[The Boar Princess]]: Vol. 6
**[[Meadow of Gems]]
**[[Ancient Investigation Journal: Part I]]
**[[Ancient Investigation Journal: Part II]]
**[[Ancient Investigation Journal: Part III]]
----
[[Version 1.1]]
* The [[Archive]] system was added where a majority of books were removed from the player's [[Inventory]].
** There are still some exceptions that may be found as Quest Items.
** Some books were renamed in order to be serialized within the Archive.
*Added the following books:
**[[Customs of Liyue]]: Vol. 2
**[[Vera's Melancholy]]: Vol. 4 and 6–8
**[[The Fox in the Dandelion Sea]]: Vol. 4 and 8–9
----
[[Version 1.0]]
* All books were located in the Quest Items part of the player's inventory.

<noinclude>
[[pt-br:Livros/Histórico de Mudanças]]
[[vi:Sách/Lịch Sử Cập Nhật]]
</noinclude>