{{CharacterTabs}}
{{About|the character|the weekly challenge|Andrius}}
{{Character Infobox
|image            = Enemy Boreas.png
<!--|chineseName      = {{zh|安德留斯|rm=Āndéliúsī}}
|japaneseName     = {{ja|アンドリアス|rm=Andoriasu}}
|koreanName       = {{ko|안드리우스|rm=Andeuriuseu}}-->
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = Past
|element          = Anemo
|element2         = Cryo
|region           = Mondstadt
|location         = Mondstadt
|title            = Wolf of the North
|title2           = Lupus Boreas
|titleRef2        = <ref name="Dishonorable Trial">{{Ref/Quest|Dishonorable Trial}}</ref>
|title3           = Great Wolf King of the North
|titleRef3        = <ref name="Dishonorable Trial"/>
|title4           = Kingwolf of Boreas
|titleRef4        = <ref name="History">{{Ref/Book|History of Kings and Clans: Prologue}}</ref>
|title5           = King of the North Wind
|titleRef5        = <ref name="BOG">{{Ref/Book|Biography of Gunnhildr}}</ref>
|title6           = Tyrant of the North Wind
|titleRef6        = <ref name="Amos' Bow">{{Ref/Weapon|Amos' Bow}}</ref>
|title7           = Dominator of Wolves
|titleRef7        = <ref name="Andrius">{{Ref/Enemy|Andrius}}</ref>
|title8           = Lord of Wolvendom
|titleRef8        = <ref>{{Ref/Quest|Bough Keeper: Dainsleif}}</ref>
|affiliation      = Four Winds
|group            = Gods
|voiceEN          = [https://jacobcraner.com/ Jacob Craner]<ref name="Boreas EN/JP-VA">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1329982917175504901 EN & JP VA Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20211201074643/https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1329982917175504901 Archived])</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Taiten Kusunoki|Kusunoki Taiten ({{ja|楠 大典}})}}<ref name="Boreas EN/JP-VA" />
|voiceKR          = [https://namu.wiki/w/한신(성우) Hanshin ({{ko|한신}})]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/genshinimpactkr/status/1329983179554340865 KR VA Announcement]</ref>
}}
'''Boreas''', also known as '''Andrius''',<ref name="Andrius"/> is the Wolf of the North of [[Mondstadt]]'s [[Four Winds]].<ref name="Fate's Chosen Lupical">{{Ref/Quest|Fate's Chosen Lupical}}</ref> He was a powerful [[god]] in [[Mondstadt]] best known for his war against [[Decarabian]], the God of Storms, during the [[Archon War]]. Towards the end of the era, Boreas chose to let his physical body die, leaving behind his spirit to watch over the land of Mondstadt.

Boreas later became one of the [[Four Winds]] tasked with protecting the nation under the request of the Anemo Archon [[Barbatos]]. At some point in time, he took up residence in [[Wolvendom]], where he can manifest a temporary form made of ice and wind to do battle against those who take up his challenge. After completing {{Quest|The Meaning of Lupical}}, Boreas can be fought in the [[Wolf of the North Challenge]], and successfully completing the challenge yields rewards once per week.

==Profile==
===Introduction===
{{Quote|A noble soul that watches over Wolvendom. When the safety of the wolves is threatened, it will take the form of a wolf and show its fangs and claws. It is said that its powers were given to it by an ancient god.|[[Adventurer Handbook]] description}}
{{Quote|The noblest and greatest of souls, who watches over the lupical of Wolvendom.<br>
When the wolfpack is imperiled, it will emerge in the form of a wolf and show forth its fangs and claws.

The wolves of Wolvendom are frightening phantoms to the people of Mondstadt:<br>
A blurred shape flashing through the forest, a chilling howl in the indeterminate distance, the creeping sense of eyes constantly nailed to their backs...<br>
Humans rarely have the opportunity to lock their eyes with a wolf, for this is the law Lupus Boreas laid down for its race.
|[[Archive]] description}}

===Appearance===
Boreas' true appearance remains unknown. As the Dominator of Wolves, Boreas takes the form of a large bluish-colored Wolf.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
===History===
Long in the past, Boreas' powers were given to him by an ancient god.<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Andrius|handbook=1}}</ref> It is currently unknown who this god was, but this put Boreas on the level of a god himself.

Sometime during the [[Archon War]], hostility arose between Boreas and Decarabian. Boreas declared war on Decarabian while Decarabian enclosed his capital city &mdash; the area now known as [[Stormterror's Lair]] &mdash; within a storm wall,<ref name="BOG" /> thus starting the era known as the Age of Kings.<ref name="History"/> They were collectively known as Kings of Ice and Frost<ref name="history book">{{Ref/Book|History of Kings and Clans: Prologue|q=Section 1, "The Stormlord of the Tower and the Kingwolf of Boreas" covers the struggle between the Kings of Ice and Frost prior to Barbatos' arrival.}}</ref> and reached a stalemate: Boreas failed to land even a scratch on the Lord of the Tower,<ref>{{Ref/Item|Fragment of Decarabian's Epic}}</ref> while Decarabian was either incapable of &mdash; or uninterested in &mdash; defeating Boreas. However, Decarabian's people grew discontent with his rule. 2600 years ago, they rose up against him with the help of [[Barbatos]], culminating in Decarabian's death.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Venti|3}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/CS|Venti|4}}</ref>

At some point during the Archon War, Boreas decided that he was unworthy of becoming the Anemo Archon due to his perceived lack of love for humanity that an Archon ought to have.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Boreal Wolf's Nostalgia}}</ref> Realizing his blizzards could only take lives and not nourish them, he chose to pass on, letting his power flow into the land to nurture it and its people.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Spirit Locket of Boreas}}</ref> It is unclear when exactly this occurred relative to Decarabian's death, but it was likely around the same time or right beforehand.

Upon the death of his physical body, part of Boreas' spirit and power took on its current icy form. However, this form is incapable of harnessing his full abilities.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Tail of Boreas}}</ref> Around 1000 years ago, after [[Vennessa]]'s rebellion against the [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]], Boreas officially became one of the Four Winds of Mondstadt, while the Knight of Boreas &mdash; a position that currently holds an unknown relationship to him &mdash; joined the newly established [[Knights of Favonius]]. In the past, the [[Temple of the Wolf]] located near the [[Thousand Winds Temple]] was used to worship him, but it has long been abandoned, while Boreas' spirit dwells on the other side of Mondstadt.

Boreas would eventually become the leader of a group of wolves in Wolvendom, while continuing to accept abandoned infants into his pack. Sometime before the start of the game, he found and took in [[Razor]]. The Knights of Favonius' current Grand Master, [[Varka]], is also the current Knight of Boreas. Before he went on his expedition, he would occasionally visit Wolvendom;<ref>{{Ref/CS|Razor|3}}</ref> however, his relationship to Boreas is currently unclear.

===Story Quests===
Sometime after the Stormterror Crisis was resolved, [[Springvale]] was attacked by [[rifthounds]], which the residents of the village blamed Boreas' wolf pack and Razor for despite Razor's insistence that they were not responsible. After hearing the arguing, Boreas emerged and challenged both Razor and the Traveler to prove their conviction. Upon being satisfied, he informed the group that Razor was telling the truth and told Razor not to get involved in the upcoming battle between the packs, for he is a human and not a wolf.<ref name="Fate's Chosen Lupical"/>

===Archon Quests===
When the Traveler goes to [[Wolvendom]] to investigate the [[Abyss Order]], Boreas is once again briefly seen being restrained by the [[Abyss Herald]], attempting to corrupt Boreas like how they did with [[Dvalin]]. After a short fight, the Abyss Herald is defeated and the wolf spirit is freed. Paimon asks Boreas about the "[[Weird Statue|Field Tiller]]" (the codename of the first [[Ruin Guard]]s), Boreas then explains that it had previously stumbled upon his territory, and he mistook the machine to be a challenger.<ref name="Dishonorable Trial"/> During the fight, Boreas dealt a damaging blow on the Field Tiller, who then fled the area. Furthermore, [[Dainsleif]] mentions that Boreas's body died long ago and that his spirit is what resides over [[Wolvendom]].

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* The titular character of the book "[[A Drunkard's Tale]]" mentions an old story from Mondstadt about a wolf-king who wandered the [[Dark Sea|wastelands]] beyond the dominion of the deities, where it met a "[[Seelie|fair maiden]]." This could imply that Boreas originated from the Dark Sea before ascending to godhood.

===Etymology===
* {{w|Anemoi#Boreas|Boreas}} is the God of the North Wind, Storms and Winter in Greek mythology, directly relating to Boreas being the representative of the North amongst the Four Winds.
* His English title, Lupus Boreas, roughly means "Wolf of the North Wind."
* Following the theme of gods in ''Genshin Impact'' being named after demons in the ''{{w|The Lesser Key of Solomon#Ars Goetia|Ars Goetia}}'', {{zh|安德留斯|rm=Āndéliúsī|tl=Andrius}} is likely derived from {{zh|安德雷斐斯|rm=Āndéléifěisī|tl={{w|Andrealphus}},}} the 65th demon. In Johann Weyers' ''Pseudomonarchia Daemonum'', Andrealphus is instead the 54th demon.
** It has also been theorized that Andrius is based on {{w|List of demons in the Ars Goetia#Andras|Andras}}, the 63rd demon who is said to be highly dangerous and rode on a black wolf. However, Andras' Chinese name, {{zh|安托士|rm=Āntuōshì}}, has much less in common with Andrius' Chinese name than Andrealphus' does. For this same reason, {{zh|安杜馬利烏士|rm=Āndùmǎlìwūshì|tl={{w|Andromalius}}}} is also a less likely name basis.
*Boreas is known by these aliases:
**Mr. Wolf God <small>(by Paimon)</small><ref name="Dishonorable Trial"/>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|1_en      = Boreas
|1_zhs     = 玻瑞亚斯
|1_zhs_rm  = Bōruìyàsī
|1_zht     = 玻瑞亞斯
|1_zht_rm  = Bōruìyàsī
|1_ja      = ボレアス
|1_ja_rm   = Boreasu
|1_ko      = 보레아스
|1_es      = Boreas
|1_fr      = Borée
|1_ru      = Борей
|1_th      = Boreas
|1_vi      = Boreas
|1_de      = Boreas
|1_id      = Boreas
|1_pt      = Boreas
|1_tr      = Poyraz
|1_it      = Boreas

|Transclude_1 = Andrius;1#2
|Transclude_2 = Andrius;2#3
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[de:Andrius]]
[[es:Andrius]]
[[fr:Andros]]
[[ja:アンドリアス]]
[[pl:Andrius]]
[[pt-br:Andrius]]
[[ru:Андриус]]
[[th:Andrius]]
[[vi:Andrius]]
[[zh:北風的狼王]]