{{CustomTabs
|tab1=Overview
|tab2=Map
}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Enemies
}}
'''Bosses''' are strong [[Enemies]] that provide luxurious rewards for defeating them. All [[Normal Bosses|Normal]] and [[Weekly Bosses]] cost [[Original Resin]].

==Normal Bosses==
{{Main|Normal Bosses}}
Normal Boss enemies are much stronger than [[elite enemies]], but also provide better rewards for defeating them. Unlike elite enemies, once they have been defeated a [[Trounce Blossom]] will spawn in the area, and players can use {{Item|Original Resin|30|x=40}} to open them to claim their rewards. They respawn after a few minutes, but you must leave the area around the boss, such as teleporting out to the nearest waypoint or logging out of the game.

Normal Boss enemies reward {{Item|Adventure EXP|30|x=200}}  along with a certain amount of {{Item|Mora|30}} and {{Item|Companionship EXP|30}}  depending on the player's [[World Level]]. There is also a chance they will drop certain [[Character Ascension Material]]s, and [[Artifacts]] depending on the level and type of the boss.

===List of Normal Bosses===
{{Enemies by Category List|Normal Bosses}}

==Weekly Bosses==
{{Main|Weekly Bosses|Enemies of Note}}
Weekly Bosses are even more difficult than normal bosses and provide players with even greater rewards. After defeating each boss, a [[Trounce Blossom]] will spawn and players can choose to spend {{Item|Original Resin|30|x=30}} to claim the rewards from the first three weekly bosses of their choice, and then {{Item|Original Resin|30|x=60}} subsequently. Each boss reward will reset in a player's world every week on Monday at 4 AM (server time).

All weekly bosses reward {{Item|Adventure EXP|30|x=300}} along with a certain amount of {{Item|Mora|30}} and {{Item|Companionship EXP|30}} depending on the player's [[World Level]]. There is also a chance they will drop certain [[Character Ascension Material]]s, [[Artifacts]], and Northlander Billets ({{Item|Northlander Sword Billet|30|text=Sword}}, {{Item|Northlander Bow Billet|30|text=Bow}}, {{Item|Northlander Claymore Billet|30|text=Claymore}} {{Item|Northlander Catalyst Billet|30|text=Catalyst}}, {{Item|Northlander Polearm Billet|30|text=Polearm}}) depending on the domain level (DL) for Azhdaha, Dvalin, Childe and Signora, and world level (WL) for Andrius.

===List of Weekly Bosses===
{{Enemies by Category List|Weekly Bosses}}

==Event Bosses==
Event Bosses are special bosses that appear as part of [[Events]]. Some Event Bosses may drop materials that may vary in quantity based on [[Adventure Rank]]. They may also reward [[Event Items]] for use at Event Shops.

===List of Event Bosses===
{| class="wikitable" 
! Event !! Boss !! Materials
|-
| [[The Chalk Prince and the Dragon]]
| {{Enemy|Resurgent Cryo Regisvine}}<br />([[Entombed City - Outskirts]],<br />[[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]])
| {{Card|Miraculous Essence|100-150|stars=1}}
|-
| [[Hypostatic Symphony]]
| {{Enemy|Pure Electro Hypostasis}}<br />{{Enemy|Pure Anemo Hypostasis}}<br />{{Enemy|Pure Geo Hypostasis}}
| &mdash;
|-
| [[Wishful Drops]]
| {{Enemy|Rhodeia's Rage}}<br />([[Bishui Plain]], [[Liyue]])
| {{Card|Adventure EXP|200|stars=1}}{{Card|Companionship EXP|25-45|stars=1}}{{Card|Wanderer's Advice|9-21|stars=1}}{{Card|Adventurer's Experience|16-18|stars=1}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|0-10|stars=1}}
|-
| [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword]]
| {{Enemy|Revived Primo Geovishap}}<br />{{Enemy|Hateful Oceanid}}<br />{{Enemy|Dual Maguu Kenki}}
| &mdash;
|-
| [[Shadow of the Ancients]]
| {{Enemy|Anomalous Model Ruin Grader}}
| &mdash;
|-
| [[Shadows Amidst Snowstorms]]
| {{Enemy|Fellflower}}
| {{Card|Vanquisher's Emblem|300|stars=1}}
|-
| [[Three Realms Gateway Offering]]
| {{Enemy|The Call of Ice and Thunder}}
| {{Card|Primogem|30}}{{Card|Mora|90,000}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|3}}
|}

==See also==
*[[Common Enemies]]
*[[Elite Enemies]]
*[[Wildlife]]

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Enemy Navbox|type=Bosses}}
[[Category:Enemies|*]]
[[Category:Bosses| ]]

[[es:Jefes]]
[[uk:Боси]]