{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74060
|image         = 
|type          = World
|chapter       = 
|requirement   = * Complete [[An Eye for an Eye]]
|characters    = Champvallon; Genevieve; Goncourt; Paimon; Poiret; Roussimoff; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Administrative Area]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Liffey Region
|subarea       = Fortress of Meropide
|poi           = Administrative Area
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*400;Primogem*50;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3;Credit Coupons*900;Pankration Fonta Cup*1
|rep           = Fontaine
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 564
}}
'''''Both Brains and Brawn''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Administrative Area]], [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Pankration Ring]]
# Find [[Poiret]]
# Talk to Poiret
# Talk to [[Roussimoff]]
# Win the competition
# Talk to [[Goncourt]]
# Go to the [[Rag and Bone Shop]]
# Talk to Goncourt
# Break the wooden boxes and recover the props
# Talk to Goncourt
# Talk to Roussimoff
# Win the competition
# Talk to Roussimoff
# Talk to [[Genevieve]]
# Go to the [[Rift of Erosion]]
# Talk to Genevieve
# Demonstrate throwing techniques to the pair
# Talk to Poiret
# Go to Pankration Ring the next day between 18:00 and 22:00
# Talk to Roussimoff
# Win the competition
# Talk to Roussimoff
# Find Genevieve
# Talk to Genevieve
# Go to the [[Production Zone|production zone]]
# Talk to Poiret
# Demonstrate the destructive power of Pneumousia annihilation reactions to Poiret
# Talk to Poiret
# Go to Pankration Ring the next day between 18:00 and 22:00
# Talk to Roussimoff
# Win during the competition
# Talk to Roussimoff
# Win the competition
# Talk to Roussimoff
# Defeat the clockwork meka
#* {{Enemy|Recon Log Mek - Ousia|x=3}}
# Talk to [[Champvallon]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* On steps 19, 27, and 29, Poiret will act as an ally character, practicing his potion throws. He would normally not sustain any damage as there are no enemies to be faced during those steps, but he can be damaged by burning the grass beneath him or through [[Bloom]] reactions. Upon his HP running out, he will do the [[Treasure Hoarder Potioneer]]'s defeat animation.
* If Genevieve and Poiret lose during the fight against Roussimoff, the Annihilation Specialist Mek and Suppression Specialist Mek must be fought again before they are able to try again.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Slam-Bang No-Holds Barred Meropide-Style Pankration}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Dialogue during fights in the Pankration Ring and optional dialogue are missing.}}
{{Quest Description|Let's go to the Pankration Ring!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the Administrative Area)
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, would you like to try your hand at Pankration, {{Traveler}}? Why don't we ask about how to participate?
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go to the Pankration Ring!
----
;(Approach Genevieve)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? You're... Genevieve, right? What brings you here?
:'''Genevieve:''' Well I'm here to do some Pankration, but... what are YOU doing here? You aren't hoping to sign up too... are you?
:'''Roussimoff:''' Ah, I know you two. Sorry, the {{MC|m=blond|f=blonde}} one can't participate.
:{{DIcon}} What!? Discrimination!?
::'''Genevieve:''' That was worded a little misleadingly. I think what you mean is that {{Traveler}} specifically is banned from taking part, not blonds as an entire category. Correct?
::'''Genevieve:''' Because I'm blonde, and... you let me sign up.
:{{DIcon}} I never said I wanted to take part.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon has... Wait, what's the opposite of deja vu? Anyway, Paimon has that. Because the last time we were in a situation like this, both [[Darcy]] and [[Estienne]] were practically begging us to participate...
:'''Roussimoff:''' Lemme put it this way: A Pankration match is a spectator sport. Entertaining the audience is more important than who wins and who loses.
:'''Roussimoff:''' I've heard all about your past deeds. If we let {{Traveler}} enter the ring, the outcome is a foregone conclusion, and all the anticipation is removed from the equation.
:'''Roussimoff:''' No one wants to watch a match with a predictable outcome. If I let you take part, I might as well hand you the trophy right now and save everyone the trouble...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a plan. Hand it over.
::'''Paimon:''' That's not very sportsmanlike!
:{{DIcon}} How about I use only one hand to fight?
::'''Roussimoff:''' Oh? Hmm, that might spice things up a little, but... Nope, I don't think that'll work. What if you actually win the tournament with one hand? It would set the bar too high for future tournaments.
::'''Roussimoff:''' I know I said entertainment value is key, but we also have to be careful to manage the audience's expectations.
:{{DIcon}} In that case, Paimon can fight on my behalf.
::'''Paimon:''' No way! Paimon fights as a duo with {{Traveler}}, or not at all!
:'''Roussimoff:''' How about... I let {{Traveler}} join as a coach? You can coach her.
:'''Roussimoff:''' The strongest coach paired with the weakest contestant... Yeah, that should be a nice gimmick. Nice touch, I mean. For the audience.
:'''Roussimoff:''' Also &mdash; although it's mostly for fun, there's a pretty generous prize for the winner. All thanks to her colleague... Or should I say former colleague?
:'''Roussimoff:''' The winning team will receive Credit Coupons as well as a fantastic Fonta Trophy! Show it at the [[New Fontaine Research Institute|Fontaine Research Institute]] and you can drink all the [[Fonta]] you like, for free!
:'''Paimon:''' An endless supply of free Fonta? {{Traveler}}! Paimon wants that!
:'''Genevieve:''' Well, if {{Traveler}} is willing to coach me and Poiret to victory, I'd be more than happy to give you the trophy.
:'''Paimon:''' Are you sure?&nbsp;...You're really willing to give up an endless supply of free Fonta?
:'''Genevieve:''' Of course. I've, uh... had more than my fair share of Fonta in my time.
:'''Paimon:''' Awesome! Anyway, so you're teaming up with Poiret again, huh?&nbsp;...Uh-oh, are Rave and Darcy competing this time too?
:'''Genevieve:''' Darcy isn't, as far as I know. And Rave... I doubt he'll feel the need to. He did take all our Coupons, after all.
:{{DIcon}} Didn't he return them to you after the results were announced!?
:'''Genevieve:''' Nope. And I haven't seen him since. It's possible that he's left for good.
:'''Paimon:''' What!?
:'''Genevieve:''' There are multiple factors that may have contributed to my previous losses. But we can't change the past, and from an efficiency perspective, competing in the Pankration tournament may prove to be the better choice now.
:'''Genevieve:''' Especially with {{Traveler}}'s help. That would be perfect.
:{{DIcon}} For the sake of unlimited Fonta, I'll do it. I'll coach you.
:{{DIcon}} Hmm... As coach, do I get any compensation besides a potential trophy?
::'''Genevieve:''' If the trophy isn't enough, I'm willing to compensate you for your trouble. I'll do my best to make it worth your time.
::'''Paimon:''' Sounds like a sweet deal. Let's help them, {{Traveler}}.
:'''Genevieve:''' So you'll help? Fantastic! Coach {{Traveler}}, Paimon, let's go find Poiret. I wonder if he has recruited any new teammates?
----
{{Quest Description|update|Genevieve and Poiret signed up for an{{sic}} recreational competition in the Pankration Ring. If you train them and help them win, you can win a trophy entitling you to unlimited Fonta in the Fontaine Research Institute...}}
;(Approach Poiret)
:'''Genevieve:''' How's it going, Poiret? Will he be joining our team?
:'''Goncourt:''' Hah. Hard pass.
:'''Poiret:''' I believe that's a "no."
:'''Goncourt:''' As much as I enjoy the detective jokes, from what I've seen of your combat capabilities, you're about as good in a fight as a [[Blubberbeast]].
:'''Goncourt:''' Joining your team would be like debuting on stage just before the curtains close.
:'''Goncourt:''' If I had time for that, don't you think I'd be better off rehearsing for the Tri-Coupon Troupe's performance?
:'''Poiret:''' You make a lot of good points. But I would like to refute one of them.
:'''Goncourt:''' I'm all ears.
:'''Poiret:''' I may have lost to Roussimoff in unarmed combat, but I've changed my fighting style since then. Now, I can at least draw in a fight with a [[Sternshield Crab]].
:{{DIcon}} A Sternshield Crab is competing?
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon highly doubts that...
::{{DIcon}} What a pity. Such a delicious opponent...
::'''Paimon:''' ?
:{{DIcon}} Unarmed combat? With Roussimoff? You?
::'''Poiret:''' Yes. I realize now that it was a reckless decision on my part, so I've decided to avoid unarmed combat from now on.
:'''Genevieve:''' Might I add that {{Traveler}} has agreed to coach us. I'm sure we stand a much greater chance of winning with help from {{MC|m=him|f=her}}.
:'''Goncourt:''' The best coach can't help a lost cause... But you said you'd changed your fighting style?
:'''Poiret:''' Yes. Close-quarter combat is not my forte, so I've prepared numerous bottles... filled with Cryo energy.
:'''Poiret:''' With these, I can slow down my opponents in the arena. And also treat them to a delicious ice-cold Fonta outside the ring, to maintain cordial relations.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's so jealous... Wait, is that how bottles of Cryo are supposed to be used?
:'''Genevieve:''' I'll stick with my axe.
:'''Paimon:''' ...What? Aren't you a researcher? Where'd you learn to use an axe?
:'''Genevieve:''' Rest assured that I'm quite handy with an axe. I chop firewood for stress-relief when my research hits a wall.
:{{DIcon}} So many questions...
:'''Paimon:''' ...Eh, Paimon won't ask.
:'''Goncourt:''' I have a suggestion. Why don't we have a little sparring session now? That way, you can show me your skills, and Coach {{Traveler}} can get a sense of your fighting styles. What do you think?
:'''Goncourt:''' Depending on how the sparring goes... I may or may not decide to join your team.
:'''Genevieve:''' Hmm... Seems like a reasonable suggestion. What do you think, Poiret?
:'''Poiret:''' Yes, excellent suggestion. If only you'd come up with it sooner... I think I've used up all my mental energy on making detective jokes.
:'''Goncourt:''' Hahaha. Well, I would say let's get right to the Pankration Ring and not waste any more time, but... Are you sure you're dressed for a sparring match?
:'''Genevieve:''' What do you mean? I always dress like this when I'm chopping firewood...
:'''Goncourt:''' You should change into something that's easier to move around in. Fortunately, the troupe has some costumes &mdash; give me a minute...
:{{Black Screen|Goncourt gets a set of comfortable clothes for Genevieve.}}
:'''Paimon:''' She's your opponent though. Isn't it counter-productive to help her...?
:'''Goncourt:''' It's not a fair fight if she's handicapped by her clothes.
:'''Genevieve:''' Thank you, you're very considerate. Whichever way this goes, you have my respect as an opponent.
:'''Goncourt:''' Haha. Alright, I can officially say it now: Let's get right to the Pankration Ring and not waste any more time! I'm sure Roussimoff won't mind us borrowing it for a while.
----
;(Talk to Roussimoff in the Pankration Ring)
:'''Genevieve:''' We'd like to use this place to train with Goncourt.
:'''Roussimoff:''' Sure thing. No problem at all.
:'''Genevieve:''' Please observe our fight closely, Coaches {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:'''Genevieve:''' Truth be told, Poiret and I lack fighting experience... especially this kind of fighting, so...
:'''Genevieve:''' {{color|buzzword|Please let us know right away if you have any advice during the fight.}}
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
:{{DIcon}} What if I give bad advice...
::'''Genevieve:''' I trust your judgment. As long as it isn't a fatal mistake, there's always a chance to turn it around, right?
:'''Genevieve:''' Now, let's warm up and get ready to enter the arena.
:'''Paimon:''' Goncourt can't be stronger than a Sternshield Crab, right? You can do it!
----
{{Stub|Check for more in-combat dialogue and add conditions.}}
;(Fight Goncourt in the Pankration Ring)
:'''Genevieve:''' Though it's just a rehearsal, we won't hold back. Please try and understand.

;(When Poiret's skill is used)
:'''Poiret:''' It'll be a bit chilly!

;(When Goncourt's HP falls below 50%)
:'''Goncourt:''' A superb attack!

;(When Goncourt is defeated)
:'''Genevieve:''' The outcome is already clear. That's enough, Poiret.
----
;(Talk to Goncourt)
:'''Goncourt:''' Not bad. I'm impressed.
:'''Poiret:''' It was close. Could have gone either way!
:'''Poiret:''' Ah, I've been waiting sooo long for a chance to say that.
:'''Genevieve:''' Erm... but it was two against one, so based on Goncourt's pankration ethics, this probably didn't count as a fair fight.
:'''Goncourt:''' No, no, it absolutely counts. The rules allow it. Plus, I was going easy on you &mdash; you're new to this, after all.
:{{DIcon}} That was you going easy?&nbsp;...Really?
:{{DIcon}} Why didn't you go all out?
:'''Goncourt:''' What would be the point? I was only testing their skills, why would I want to risk injuring them?
:'''Paimon:''' Fair point... Well anyway, since they impressed you, are you willing to join our team now?
:'''Goncourt:''' Haha. Hard pass.
:'''Paimon:''' What the...!?
:'''Goncourt:''' I may have chosen to join if it was just the two of them. But with {{Traveler}} here, I'm somewhat superfluous.
:{{DIcon}} Am I really that awesome? I had no idea.
::'''Goncourt:''' Oh please, you're not kidding anyone. Excessive humility is no different from arrogance.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for the compliment.
::'''Goncourt:''' I'm only speaking the truth.
:'''Goncourt:''' Anyway, I'm sure you'll put on an amazing performance with {{Traveler}} coaching. As for me... I'll be cheering you on from the audience.
:'''Goncourt:''' Oh, and although I won't be fighting alongside you, I'd be happy to provide some support outside of the ring.
:'''Goncourt:''' Considering that your fighting styles are a little monotonous... Let's go get you kitted out with some more stuff. And the coach, of course &mdash; there's a few things that might come in handy.
:'''Goncourt:''' Our troupe is really well equipped... It makes me wonder, how come our performances are always sub-par?
:{{DIcon}} I hope these things are as good as you're claiming.
:'''Goncourt:''' Oh, don't you worry. They are. Anyway, seeing is believing &mdash; let's go to Alvard. He keeps hold of all the stuff I order for the troupe.
----
;(Go to the Rag and Bone Shop)
:'''Goncourt:''' The props should be around here... They'll be packed in some flimsy wooden boxes.
:'''Goncourt:''' If you find them, go ahead and {{color|buzzword|crack them open}}.

;(Investigate the spot on the rack on the left side of the Rag and Bone Shop)
:'''Goncourt:''' Give the firecrackers to that researcher lady. They're tailor-made for the arena &mdash; they're not that powerful, but they'll do the job.

;(Investigate the spot on top of the rack behind Alvard)
:'''Goncourt:''' Oh, this is a backup for my own weapon... Let's give it to the detective's assistant, then.

;(Investigate the spot on the floor on the right side of the Rag and Bone Shop)
:'''Goncourt:''' As for all this... Maybe it'll be of use? Just take it with you.
----
;(Talk to Goncourt)
:'''Paimon:''' What the heck is all this!? Does your troupe really use these in your performances?
:'''Goncourt:''' Using them is optional, but having them is mandatory. That's my motto!
:'''Genevieve:''' I know nothing about performing... So I'll take your word for it, Goncourt.
:'''Poiret:''' ...Wait, but this is a fight, not a performance... right?
:'''Goncourt:''' Yes, but it's still for entertainment purposes. The Pankration Ring can be considered a stage of sorts. I look forward to watching you shine on the stage.
:'''Goncourt:''' With all your preparation so far, I'm sure your first fight will be a breeze. I heard your opponent is a big blue fella, and while he might be a stocky guy, I don't think he's a match for you.
:{{DIcon}} Goncourt seems like a better coach than me...
::'''Goncourt:''' You're too kind. My assistance has been minimal. I'll leave the hard work to you, {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} Do you need my help with anything?
::'''Genevieve:''' Our first opponent won't be that difficult, right? So let's use the same system as we did before &mdash; just give us any input you think we need during the fight.
:'''Genevieve:''' Coach {{Traveler}}, could you ask Roussimoff when the matches will officially begin? We'll be ready to fight whenever you say the word.
:'''Goncourt:''' I'll watch your fights if I have the time. Best of luck in the tournament!
:'''Paimon:''' Thanks for everything! You're a great guy.
:'''Goncourt:''' Haha, and thanks to Poiret for the detective jokes. I'm hoping to work some of them into my scripts. If any of you have any good ideas for a story, do let me know.
:{{DIcon}} Sure. I've got plenty of stories to share.
::'''Goncourt:''' Perfect! We'll have to talk more sometime.
:{{DIcon}} As long as I get credited. And a copyright fee.
::'''Goncourt:''' I'm sure we can arrange that!
:'''Poiret:''' One thing at a time, Coach. C'mon, let's go see Roussimoff.
----
;(Approach the lift to the Pankration Ring)
:'''Broadcast:''' The highlight of today's Pankration fight: A naive researcher and her assistant, a team of two fresh fish being served up onto this chopping block of a stage!

;(Read the bulletin board in the Pankration Ring, optional)
:'''Bulletin Board:''' Pankration Recreational Tournament now underway. Spectators welcome.

;(Talk to Roussimoff in the Pankration Ring)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Back so soon?
:{{DIcon}} Fast and furious.
:'''Poiret:''' Yeah... fast to lose, furious in defeat...
:'''Paimon:''' Why are you being so pessimistic!?
:'''Roussimoff:''' Sounds like holding all those Cryo bottles has cooled his enthusiasm, haha!
:'''Genevieve:''' Huh? So, elemental energy really does have that kind of effect? Of course! The Fontaine Research Institute was right after all. Instead of elemental energy&mdash;
:'''Roussimoff:''' ...If you're ready, you can start whenever you like.
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you going to explain the joke?
::'''Genevieve:''' What joke?
::'''Roussimoff:''' Nothing! Just forget I said anything...
:{{DIcon}} I'm good to go.
:'''Roussimoff:''' Ahem, now then &mdash; your first opponent has quite an interesting origin story. He was stuffed into a barrel, and the barrel had a note on it that said: Take a look in the mirror.
:'''Roussimoff:''' Obviously, the person who stuffed him in the barrel is also participating. So if he beats you, it'll be his chance at revenge in the ring.
:'''Roussimoff:''' After all, fighting's prohibited outside the ring &mdash; it's his only chance to win a fight and not get punished for it. Of course, he'll still be entitled to visit the infirmary if he loses.
:'''Roussimoff:''' So. Are you ready to enter the ring?
:{{DIcon}} We're ready.
::'''Roussimoff:''' Then please take your positions.
:;(Continues to next section)
:{{DIcon}} I need a moment.
::'''Roussimoff:''' Sure thing.
:;(Exits dialogue)

;(Talk to Genevieve again, optional)
:'''Genevieve:''' Stuffed inside a barrel? How is that possible? I wonder how they did it...

;(Talk to Poiret again, optional)
:'''Poiret:''' Come on, Coach. My hands are getting sweaty from the nerves. Less procrastination, more pankration...

;(Talk to Roussimoff again if "I need a moment" was chosen or the match was lost)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Are you ready to watch the match?
:{{DIcon}} Ready.
::'''Roussimoff:''' Then let's begin.
:;(Continues to next section)
:{{DIcon}} Give me a moment.
::'''Roussimoff:''' Sure thing.
:;(Exits dialogue)
----
;(Fight the [[Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire]] in the Pankration Ring)
{{Stub|Check for more in-combat dialogue and add conditions.}}
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Even if it's just a "recreational" tournament, that still doesn't mean you should be pitting jokers like these against me!
:'''Genevieve:''' Quite the rude fellow... No wonder someone stuffed him into a barrel.
:'''Roussimoff:''' Oooooh! Our researcher gave the foe a knuckle sandwich to the face... No, wait, that's an axe!

;(If Genevieve's skill is used)
:'''Genevieve:''' We should ask you this: Why are you as weak as some cowardly deserter?

;(When 30 seconds remain on the timer)
;(The Skirmisher activates his shield)
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Don't you underestimate me! I was once famous among the skirmisher recruits!
:'''Poiret:''' That bloke seems to have activated some kind of elemental shielding... On your guard, Genevieve.

;(If the Skirmisher's shield is broken)
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' That's not possible! My shield... it was broken by some layman?
:'''Genevieve:''' Noisy, but without the right stuff where it counts.

;(If the Skirmisher's health falls below 40%)
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Wait, no! This is all wrong! How can you be even stronger than a Blubberbeast?

;(If Poiret is defeated)
:'''Poiret:''' It's hard to deal with a soldier specialized for combat...
:'''Roussimoff:''' What a shame! Try harder next time, Mr. Assistant!

;(If Genevieve is defeated)
:{{tx}}

;(If the timer runs out)
:'''Roussimoff:''' It looks like both sides are equally matched! They fought for the entire duration of the round! But worry not, we continue!
;(Return to previous section)

;(If the Skirmisher is defeated)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Astounding! They defeated the big brute living in the barrel! Let us applaud the newcomers' first victory!
;(Continue to next section)

----
;(After the fight)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Congratulations to the researcher and research assistant! A first-bout victory for our first-time fighters!
:'''Roussimoff:''' As for the guy in the barrel, don't be discouraged! We'll see you agaian in the next competition!

;(Read the bulletin board in the Pankration Ring, optional)
:'''Bulletin Board:''' Latest Pankration Results: The guy in the barrel was defeated! The researcher and her assistant advance to the next round!
:'''Comment:''' Detective's assistant. Not researcher's assistant.
:'''Another Person's Comment:''' We mustn't overlook the coach's contribution in this match. I suggest crediting them in the results.
----
;(Talk to Genevieve or Poiret)
:'''Poiret:''' Ugh, that Roussimoff... I am NOT a research assistant.
:'''Genevieve:''' Hey, a research assistant is a very good job. Maybe you should consider it. If nothing else, working at the Fontaine Research Institute would be much better job security than working as a detective's assistant.
:'''Poiret:''' Fair enough, I'll give it some thought. If I ever manage to leave this place...
:'''Paimon:''' So how did the two of you team up, anyway? You seem like very different personalities, and you don't have much common ground professionally, either.
:'''Poiret:''' That's not entirely true. The truth is, I was doing an investigation at the Fontaine Research Institute before I came here. Everything was going fine until I ran into that Melusine...
:'''Poiret:''' I was just gathering evidence, but she insisted that it was theft.
:{{DIcon}} Define "gathering evidence"...
:'''Genevieve:''' Taking private documents from the Fontaine Research Institute. Which would generally be considered as constituting theft.
:'''Poiret:''' I'll have you know they were problematic documents. Anyway, I pleaded guilty and accepted my punishment.
:'''Paimon:''' Sounds like there's an interesting story here...
:'''Poiret:''' I'm not at liberty to divulge the details of the case, as it would violate client confidentiality.
:'''Genevieve:''' I'm all too familiar with the subject of his investigation. I injured them during a conference...
:'''Poiret:''' Ma'am, please! Stop! What did I JUST say about divulging details!?
:'''Genevieve:''' Oh! Sorry. Yeah, it's nothing to do with the competition, anyway, so we shouldn't bore our poor coach with all this.
:{{DIcon}} I'd be happy to keep listening for a little extra compensation.
::'''Poiret:''' You want us to violate my client's terms of engagement, and my code of professional ethics, AND pay you for the privilege!?
::'''Paimon:''' {{MC|m=He|f=She}} was just joking!&nbsp;...Right?
:{{DIcon}} I'm very curious about what goes on at the Fontaine Research Institute behind closed doors...
::'''Poiret:''' Heh, you can probably read all about it in [[The Steambird]] or some detective novel... Though I can't vouch for the credibility in either case.
:'''Genevieve:''' Alright, let's get back to business. Coach, in your professional opinion, what do we need to improve on?
:{{DIcon}} Strength.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Paimon thinks Genevieve has them both covered for strength, swinging that axe around...
::'''Genevieve:''' Strength, huh... Definitely an important factor, but not something we can really improve on in a short timeframe...
::'''Poiret:''' Even Pure Water has its limits.
::'''Paimon:''' Perhaps focusing on technique would be better for fast results?
:{{DIcon}} Accuracy.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, accuracy's important. Every missed shot is just more energy wasted.
:{{DIcon}} Speed.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Speed helps you dodge enemy attacks and land more strikes in the same amount of time!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, both Genevieve and Poiret rely on throwing. Faster and more accurate throws would give them an advantage, whether it's a bottle of Cryo or some stage firecrackers, right?
:'''Poiret:''' Sounds good. Shall we find somewhere to practice our throwing techniques?
:'''Genevieve:''' As long as we can find a spot where we won't disturb anyone...
:'''Paimon:''' There's a big empty space near the Rift of Erosion... I think that should work? Let's head over and check it out!
----
;(Go to the Rift of Erosion)
:'''Paimon:''' This looks like a great place to practice throwing!
:'''Genevieve:''' Goncourt gave us a bunch of stuff earlier. Some of it should come in handy here...
:{{Black Screen|Genevieve and Poiret set up a practice area...}}
:'''Poiret:''' It's a little jerry-rigged... but it should be fit for purpose. Coach, why don't you give us a demonstration first?
:{{DIcon}} My pleasure.
:{{DIcon}} Watch and learn.
:'''Genevieve:''' We're counting on you, Coach.

;(After demonstrating throwing skills)
:'''Paimon:''' Got it? Any questions?
:'''Poiret:''' I understand it in principle, but...
:{{DIcon}} Shall I demonstrate again?
::'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, maybe we should let them have some practice now?
:{{DIcon}} Principles won't help you. You need to practice it for yourself.
::'''Genevieve:''' Yep. Muscle memory is the key here.
:'''Paimon:''' And you need hand-eye coordination. Speaking of which, Poiret has to wear glasses. Will your poor eyesight affect your accuracy?
:'''Poiret:''' Oh, these are just a fashion statement. They're not prescription lenses.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh?&nbsp;...That must be a nuisance, surely? Wearing those in the ring?
:'''Poiret:''' You just have to treat them as an extension of your body. Besides, if I take them off, no one'll recognize me.
:'''Paimon:''' Don't be silly!
:{{DIcon}} Don't be silly!
:{{DIcon}} Actually, everyone does look alike...
:'''Poiret:''' Let's not get hung up on spectacles here... Is this basic training really all we can do? It reminds me of being a detective's assistant: revisiting the same crime scene over and over countless times, hoping to find a new shred of evidence...
:'''Genevieve:''' There's no substitute for hard work, in any field. Our coach has personally shown us how it's done. You shouldn't dismiss the value of practice before you've even tried it.
:'''Paimon:''' Yup! If you don't put in the time, you'll regret it down the line!
:{{DIcon}} Are we here to grumble or here to win? Put your back into it!
::'''Poiret:''' Yes, Coach! Of course, Coach!
:{{DIcon}} How about a sparring match with me instead? Be warned, I don't pull my punches.
::'''Poiret:''' I'll go practice throwing right away!
:'''Genevieve:''' It needs to be second nature when we're in the ring. Let's take turns practicing: While one of us throws, the other will watch and check their accuracy.
:'''Poiret:''' Alright, let's do that.
:'''Genevieve:''' Great. Coach {{Traveler}}, Paimon, let's meet again at the arena when the next round begins.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright! No slacking off, Poiret!

;(Talk to Genevieve, optional)
:'''Genevieve:''' I wonder who our next opponent will be...
----
;(Approach the lift to the Pankration Ring)
:'''Broadcast:''' This team of fresh fish filleted their opponents, nice and clean! Did they just get lucky, or perhaps they've got some secret tricks up their sleeves?
:'''Broadcast:''' Anyway, the second bout is about to begin! Let's see just how much razzle-dazzle they've got!

;(Talk to Roussimoff in the Pankration Ring)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, you're here. Where's Genevieve?
:'''Poiret:''' She's gone to get changed. She'll be back before the match starts.
:'''Roussimoff:''' Your opponent is ready. Let me know when you want to start.
:{{DIcon}} As soon as Genevieve gets back.
::'''Roussimoff:''' Best of luck out there!
:{{DIcon}} Still getting ready. Please give me a moment.
::'''Roussimoff:''' Sure thing!

;(Talk to Poiret after asking Roussimoff to wait, optional)
:'''Poiret:''' My muscles are aching...

;(Talk to Roussimoff after asking him to wait or the match was lost)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Are you ready to watch the match?
:{{DIcon}} Ready.
::'''Roussimoff:''' Then let's begin.
:{{DIcon}} Give me a moment.
::'''Roussimoff:''' Sure thing.
----
;(Fight the [[Kairagi: Dancing Thunder]] in the Pankration Ring)
:'''Kairagi:''' As long as I defeat you, I can regain my freedom and live the good life with my brothers again...
:'''Genevieve:''' Sounds like a gang involved in transnational crime... We'll make sure this leaves a mark.

;(When 30 seconds remain on the timer)
:'''Kairagi:''' My consummate bladework shall not fail, not even against your exotic machines!
:'''Genevieve:''' You got caught in the end. What've you to be so cocky about?
:'''Poiret:''' Enough tooting your own horn, Mr. Samurai. Why don't you have a bottle on the house? It's cold and sweet, I promise.

;(If the Kairagi's health falls below 80%)
;(Water begins to fall on the Pankration Ring)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Hey, what's going on? Janitors! The fight isn't over yet, turn the valves off! That's right, the water valves for cleaning the stage!
:'''Kairagi:''' Fate favors me! None shall see my blade through this curtain of rain!
:'''Genevieve:''' Now our chance, Poiret, use your Cryo Cocktail!
:'''Poiret:''' Then pardon me, Monsieur Samurai.

;(If the Kairagi is frozen)
:'''Kairagi:''' H&mdash;H&mdash;H&mdash;o&mdash;w d&mdash;d&mdash;did I&mdash;I&mdash;I g&mdash;g&mdash;get f&mdash;f&mdash;frozen...
:'''Roussimoff:''' Superb! The newcomers took advantage of the ring's malfunction to freeze their opponents!
:'''Genevieve:''' Not like any of the previous competitions had much in the way of rules anyway, so nobody should care that much!

;(If the Kairagi's health falls below 20%)
;(Water stops falling)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Alright, now that the outside environmental influences have been eliminated, this bout is entering its critical phase!
:'''Kairagi:''' Scion of treachery... How dare you use such underhanded schemes against me!
:'''Roussimoff:''' *cough* ...Using the environment is also a basic Pankration technique, the newcomers' tactics are eminently reasonable!

;(If Poiret is defeated)
:'''Poiret:''' You are the stronger fighter... Next time, could you try using the blunt edge of your sword...?
:'''Kairagi:''' What's this? Want to try fighting me again next year?

;(If Genevieve is defeated)
:'''Genevieve:''' An axe has less reach than the blade... I'm at a disadvantage...
:'''Roussimoff:''' Ooooh, close but no cigar! The outlander samurai, once pursued by the [[Maison Gardiennage]] for days, is stronger still!

;(If the timer runs out)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Quite the bitter struggle! Both sides have found their rhythm and are raring to go, but the bell has rung on this round...
;(Return to previous section)

;(If the Kairagi is defeated)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Beautiful! This team of newcomers has defeated the fierce warrior from distant lands! Their foe's aura of arrogance lies shattered here on the stage!
;(Continue to next section)
----
;(After winning the match)
:'''Roussimoff:''' How is this possible? A samurai from afar losing to a feeble researcher and her assistant!?
:'''Roussimoff:''' Will the newcomers' luck ever run out? Find out in the next match!
;(Continue to next section)

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon saw Genevieve leaving in a big hurry just now, as though she was chasing someone...
:'''Paimon:''' Poiret followed her out too. Just what's going on? {{Traveler}}, shouldn't we go check it out too?

;(Read the bulletin board in the Pankration Ring, optional)
:'''Bulletin Board:''' Latest Pankration Results: The samurai from afar lost in a two-against-one battle! The feeble researcher and her assistant stole the limelight thanks to their {{MC|m=blond|f=blonde}} coach's training!
:'''Comment:''' Fine... Researcher's assistant it is.
:'''Another Person's Comment:''' Maybe we should consider giving him a consolation prize since he came such a long way?
:'''And Another Person's Comment:''' I would personally present him with an award if he helps promote Fonta in [[Inazuma]].
----
;(Find Genevieve in the Administrative Area just outside the hallway to the lift to the Pankration Ring)
:'''???:''' I'm warning you! It's a serious crime to fight outside the ring!
:'''Genevieve:''' Do you think I care at this point?
:'''???:''' You psycho! Do you solve all your problems with brute force? No wonder you had to fake the data when you couldn't get the results you wanted...
:'''Genevieve:''' I'm the one who should be warning you. Unless you have evidence to back up your claims, that was blatant slander!
:'''???:''' Oh, you didn't like that, huh? Hmph, tough cookies!
:'''???:''' You should start thinking about how you're gonna apologize to [[Bossuet|Mr. Bossuet]] when you get out of here &mdash; IF you ever get out of here.
:'''???:''' Hah, what am I saying? I should be thanking you. Mr. Bossuet had to step down thanks to your academic dishonesty.
:'''???:''' No way can [[Raimondo]] handle all of the Fontaine Research Institute's projects on his own. Once I get out of here...
:'''Poiret:''' It never ceases to amaze me how some people can fantasize about such a bright future in this fortress where the sun never shines. A true testament to the power of the human imagination.
:'''???:''' Who are you? And how exactly is this any of your business?
:'''Poiret:''' Who, me? As you can probably guess, I'm just a lowly assistant. A nobody, really.
:'''Poiret:''' We're all contestants here, so let's try and be a little cordial to one other outside the ring, shall we? I have a delicious iced health drink here, very sweet. Would you care for a glass?
:'''???:''' What? Wait, no... I'm not even a contestant.
:'''Poiret:''' Tsk. He didn't fall for it.
:'''???:''' Unlike some people, I refuse to stoop to using brute force to prove my own value. A Fontaine Research Institute lab is too good for you. A lumberjack's cabin in the mountains is where you belong...
:{{Black Screen|Genevieve punches him.}}
:'''???:''' How dare you! Private brawls are... You all saw that too, right!? Private brawls are prohibited!
:'''Poiret:''' Oh, goodness. I'm so sorry &mdash; I took my glasses off for a second, and my eyesight is terrible without them. I'm afraid I didn't see a thing.
:'''Paimon:''' Leave us outta this!
:{{DIcon}} I just got here. Did something happen?
::'''???:''' Oh, great... Is anybody here not a pathological liar? No? Just my luck.
:{{DIcon}} It's not a brawl unless you hit her back.
::'''Poiret:''' Are you gonna fight back? No one's stopping you. But I hear it's a serious crime to fight outside the ring.
:'''???:''' You self-righteous, conniving... Ugh, I'll wipe those smug looks off each of your faces, just you wait! My Vieille-Model Enhanced Meka will prove everything...
:{{Black Screen|The man leaves...}}
:'''Paimon:''' What was all that about?
:'''Genevieve:''' I'm sorry you had to see that. I... have a bit of a short fuse. I always try my best to stay rational, objective, and neutral in all scenarios but... sometimes, I fail to control myself.
:{{DIcon}} A short fuse is no excuse for assault.
::'''Paimon:''' You just suddenly punched him, without saying a single word! Paimon was shocked!
:{{DIcon}} Talk smack, get whacked. He had it coming.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, he clearly knew which buttons to press... Still, you shouldn't let people provoke you. Violence is rarely the answer.
:'''Genevieve:''' You're right... I'm sorry. I'll try to do better.
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, who was he?
:'''Poiret:''' Champvallon. He's a senior researcher at the Fontaine Research Institute. He's always had a rivalry with Raimondo, but I guess he thinks he might be in with a chance since Bossuet has fallen from power.
:'''Poiret:''' But it doesn't look like Raimondo has any intention of giving him the chance. It's a shame, really &mdash; if he was Raimondo's equal, The Steambird would have to give me my own column space.
:'''Paimon:''' Why? Also, how do you know about all this? It's kinda suspicious...
:'''Poiret:''' Because when I was caught at&mdash; Ahem, when I was collecting evidence at the Fontaine Research Institute, he was the main target of my investigation. All those problematic documents I mentioned were linked to him.
:'''Poiret:''' I've actually met him a few times before. But he didn't seem to recognize me at all just now.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait a sec! Now you're divulging the details of the case! What happened to client confidentiality? And professional ethics?
:'''Poiret:''' The fact that he's here in the Fortress of Meropide means the case is clearly over. Plus, I sent my uncle a letter recently to see if I could find anything out, and all he sent in reply was "be patient"...
:'''Poiret:''' I knew something weird was going on! I guess he couldn't be bothered to help me since he knew what was about to happen. Hmph, and to think I spent years running errands for him. And even let him put me as a supporting character in his novel...
:'''Genevieve:''' I'm not surprised to see him here at all. He's never had a very good reputation at the Fontaine Research Institute. Lots of negative rumors flying around about him. Guess they weren't all groundless.
:'''Genevieve:''' Oh... I know I was sent here for injuring him at a conference, and of course for other reasons, too... But I swear the part about his bad reputation is public knowledge.
:'''Genevieve:''' If you don't believe me, ask anyone else from the Fontaine Research Institute...
:{{DIcon}} That won't be necessary.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah. Anyway, Paimon's more concerned about that stuff he said before leaving. Isn't he not participating in the competition?
:'''Paimon:''' And even if he was, it's all about entertainment value, right? So why did it sound like he's plotting something nefarious?
:'''Genevieve:''' Knowing how he operates, I'd guess he intends to take this opportunity to show what he's capable of and impress the powerful people in the Fortress.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Well, having met some engineers from the Fontaine Research Institute before, like [[Clynes]], Paimon's gotta ask... What makes this Champvallon guy so special?
:'''Genevieve:''' Professionally, he doesn't have any noteworthy accomplishments. But he's quite skilled at networking and playing people to his advantage. Although... Surely he wouldn't...?
:'''Poiret:''' What's the worst he can throw at us? Twelve engineers, all built like two Roussimoffs?
:'''Genevieve:''' No, you moron, it's worse than that. Didn't you hear what he said? The "Vieille-Model Enhanced Meka."
:'''Genevieve:''' It sounds like he's gonna send clockwork meka into the ring to fight us on his behalf. And not your typical Gardemeks mass-produced in the fortress, either. Some modified variety with enhanced combat capabilities.
:'''Paimon:''' That's crazy! Clockwork meka aren't even human. How are they allowed in a pankration tournament?
:'''Poiret:''' Since it's just for entertainment, there are no rules stating that participants have to be human. As a matter of fact, someone once captured a Sternshield Crab from the abandoned production zone and sent that in as their fighter...
:{{DIcon}} Oh. So you really did draw in that fight, huh?
:{{DIcon}} That's absurd.
::'''Poiret:''' All about that entertainment value.
:'''Paimon:''' It sounds pretty far-fetched... But on the offchance{{sic}} he really does send meka into the ring, what are you gonna do?
:'''Poiret:''' Surrender. I know I'd be letting down our coach, but there's no way I could win that fight with this amount of training. I know my limits.
:{{DIcon}} Don't give up! Anything I can do, you can too!
::'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, get real! A few encouraging words aren't gonna magically close the gap between you and them...
:{{DIcon}} There's no shame in surrendering.
::'''Paimon:''' Guess there's no other choice. Poiret's just a feeble assistant, after all...
:'''Genevieve:''' ...I think we just might have a shot, you know. If we can utilize the mutually destructive effects of pneuma and ousia energy to weaken the clockwork meka... Winning wouldn't be beyond the realms of possibility.
:'''Genevieve:''' I have an idea, but this isn't the place to discuss it... Let's find somewhere in the production zone that's better lit.
----
;(Go to the Production Zone)
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, Genevieve! So, what's your idea?
:'''Genevieve:''' So as I was saying, we need to utilize the mutually destructive effects of pneuma and ousia energy to weaken the clockwork meka and create opportunities to attack.
:'''Poiret:''' This is far beyond the scope of my abilities. I bid you all adieu.
:'''Genevieve:''' Don't go! I can't accomplish this without you.
:'''Genevieve:''' With some processing, pneumousia can be stored in a container &mdash; even in your sugar glass bottles.
:'''Genevieve:''' I'm familiar with the structural weaknesses of clockwork meka. So if you create an opening, I can go in and attack.
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh... That might actually work! And Poiret has been practicing his throwing, so hopefully his speed and accuracy should have improved by now.
:'''Poiret:''' But I don't know anything about the principle of mutual annihilation between pneuma and ousia...
:{{DIcon}} Honestly, me neither.
:{{DIcon}} If you put your mind to it, I'm sure you will get it.
:'''Genevieve:''' This isn't a research project, so you don't need to grapple with the theory. All you need to know is which action causes what reaction.
:'''Genevieve:''' First things first, help me set up a practice arena.
:{{Black Screen|Genevieve and Poiret set up a practice arena...}}
:'''Paimon:''' ...Are these from the stage props Goncourt gave us, too?
:{{DIcon}} What kind of show would need props like these?
::'''Paimon:''' Ummm... Maybe an educational play about the Fontaine Research Institute? To teach people about Pneumousia?&nbsp;...Or something?
:{{DIcon}} Why does he buy all this stuff?
::'''Paimon:''' What was it he said... Optional to use, mandatory to have, right? Paimon sure would love to have a snoop around the Tri-Coupon Troupe's warehouse. Assuming they have one.
:'''Genevieve:''' The arena is ready. Now for a demonstration on the [[Arkhe|pneumousia mutual annihilation phenomenon]]... Over to you, Coach {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
:'''Genevieve:''' You only need to run through it once. After that, I'll supervise Poiret's training until he knows exactly what he's doing.
:'''Poiret:''' Is it that necessary? How hard can it be?
:'''Genevieve:''' Hmm... That depends on how quickly you pick it up.
----
;(After demonstrating the pneumousia mutual annihilation phenomenon)
:'''Poiret:''' Uh... So did I help?
:{{DIcon}} Thanks, Poiret.
::'''Poiret:''' Is that a genuine thanks? Or a "Gee, thanks"...?
:{{DIcon}} You'd have been a much bigger help if you did nothing.
::'''Poiret:''' I knew it...
:'''Genevieve:''' Anyway &mdash; let's meet at the pankration ring before the next match, like last time.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright... Don't die on us, Poiret! You need to live on!
:'''Poiret:''' Oh, don't be so dramatic! The stage props are getting to your head... But sure, I'll try to avoid getting annihilated along with the pneuma and ousia.

;(Talk to Genevieve, optional)
:'''Genevieve:''' I know we can win this...

;(After demonstrating the pneumousia mutual annihilation phenomenon again, optional)
:'''Genevieve:''' Beautiful! I expected no less from you, Coach {{Traveler}}. Poiret, you must watch and learn.
----
;(Approach the lift to the Pankration Ring)
:'''Broadcast:''' *ahem* The powerful "Darkwing Geese" team, Genevieve and Poiret, are about to arrive at glorious stage of our Pankration Ring to begin their third fight!
:'''Broadcast:''' As the most outstanding rising stars in this competition, they've already become potential contenders for the championship!

;(Talk to Roussimoff or Poiret)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, Poiret. How did the training go? Did it work?
:'''Poiret:''' Yep. I'm now fully versed in the mutually destructive properties of pneuma and ousia energy.
:{{DIcon}} Great. Then why don't you summarize it for me?
:{{DIcon}} Congratulations. Maybe a job as a research assistant really is in the cards for you.
:'''Poiret:''' Sorry, I was just joking. I still don't really get how it works... But I do know what I have to do.
:'''Roussimoff:''' Good! Because you'll be facing a heavyweight this time, haha!
:'''Roussimoff:''' Well? Ready to enter the arena?
:'''Poiret:''' I'm ready. Don't forget to give us your input during match, {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} Then let's begin.
::'''Roussimoff:''' Contestants and coaches, please take your positions!
:{{DIcon}} Still getting ready. Please give me a moment.
::'''Roussimoff:''' Sure thing!

;(Talk to Poiret after asking Roussimoff to wait, optional)
:'''Poiret:''' Don't think about what's in the bottle... Just aim and throw, aim and throw...

;(Talk to Roussimoff after asking him to wait or the match was lost)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Are you ready to watch the match?
:{{DIcon}} Ready.
::'''Roussimoff:''' Then let's begin.
:{{DIcon}} Give me a moment.
::'''Roussimoff:''' Sure thing.
----
;(Fight [[Annihilation Specialist Mek|Annihilation Specialist Mek - Pneuma]] and [[Suppression Specialist Mek|Suppression Specialist Mek - Pneuma]] in the Pankration Ring)
:'''Roussimoff:''' The finals are about to begin! The researcher and her assistant versus the formidable Specialist Meks clash in a winner-take-all bout!
:'''Roussimoff:''' Let me hear you all cheer! Come on, I wanna hear some NOISE! Let the will to fight ignite within our fighters! Let the burning passion to carry them ever higher!
:'''Genevieve:''' Clockwork meka have no real will to fight...
:'''Poiret:''' The enhanced meka close by doesn't seem easy to deal with... Let's take care of this one first!

;(If Genevieve's skill is used)
:'''Genevieve:''' As long as you hit it in the right spot, this specialized meka is nothing special after all!
:'''Annihilation Specialist Mek:''' *chaotic, disordered mechanical noises*

;(If an Annihilation reaction is triggered)
:'''Poiret:''' Bullseye! Pneumaousia annihilation successful!
:'''Genevieve:''' Well done! Seize the opportunity and thrash them!

;(If a second Annihilation reaction is triggered)
:'''Poiret:''' Huh... Did we fall for their plan? The machine nearby seems to only be trying to draw our fire...
:'''Genevieve:''' Then let's focus on the one farther away!

;(If the Annihilation Specialist Mek's health falls below 50% while the Suppression Mek still stands)
:'''Genevieve:''' We're on the back foot... we should probably take care off that deadly "ranged" one first...
:'''Poiret:''' Right. This punk nearby has a thick skin but doesn't hit hard, while the one far away is the opposite...

;(If the Annihilation Specialist Mek's health falls below 30%)
:'''Annihilation Specialist Mek:''' *internal mechanical operations slowly wind down*

;(If the Suppression Specialist Mek's health falls below 40%)
:'''Suppression Specialist Mek:''' *mechanical components breaking down*

;(If the Suppression Specialist Mek is defeated)
:'''Poiret:''' Ranged combat is advantageous to me!

;(If Genevieve's health falls below 50%)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Oh! The unstoppable Genevieve has been pinned by the Specialist Mek!
:'''Genevieve:''' Ruddy strong... I'm going to return the favor to that blasted Champvallon tens times over!

;(If Genevieve is defeated)
:'''Genevieve:''' Bah!&nbsp;... What does something made of iron have to be so smug about, anyway?

;(If Poiret is defeated)
:'''Roussimoff:''' The assistant has left the ring! With only the researcher left, can she alter the outcome of this battle?

;(If the timer runs out)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Brilliant! Magnificent! But alas, the round is now over! Ah, how I wish to see one emerge victorious! One more round!
;(Return to previous section)

;(If both Meka are defeated)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Stunning! The researcher and her assistant have transcended their limits and defeated the clockwork meka team.
;(Continue to next section)
----
;(After winning the match)
:'''Roussimoff:''' What an exhilarating match! Congratulations to the researcher and her assistant! And of course to their coach, {{Traveler}}!
:'''Roussimoff:''' But I have some breaking news! Don't get too comfortable, because this match... is entering overtime!
:'''Roussimoff:''' Your spectacular performance really put me in the mood for a brawl. So allow me to be your opponent during the overtime match!
:'''Roussimoff:''' Let's go!
----
;(Fight Roussimoff in the Pankration Ring)
{{Stub|Check for more in-combat dialogue and add conditions.}}
;(Genevieve and Poiret's healthbars deteriorate to 50%)
:'''Roussimoff:''' I, Roussimoff, am also a great lover of combat sports, and am constantly honing the purest of Pankration techniques...
:'''Roussimoff:''' With this fist, I shall make you...

;(If Roussimoff's health falls below 90%)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Aaaaaah!
:'''Genevieve:''' Since you're in the ring, then stop with the blah-blah and fight!

;(If Genevieve's skill is used)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Hothothothothothot!
:'''Poiret:''' I am obligated to correct you. The temperature of these thrown objects isn't actually that high...
:'''Genevieve:''' Roussimoff seems especially sensitive to Pyro...

;(If Poiret's skill is used){{verify}}
:'''Roussimoff:''' Drat! Influenced by elemental energy... Ugh, it's awful!
:'''Poiret:''' I see, so by "purest of Pankration technique," you mean you can't deal with Cryo attacks?

;{{cx}}
:'''Genevieve:''' That's exactly the kind of impression you give, a passionate boxer!

;(If Roussimoff's health falls below 50%)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Amazing! No wonder you could win the championship in one go. Every one of your hits sure leave their mark!
:'''Poiret:''' You flatter us.
:'''Genevieve:''' We have been trained extremely well!

;(If Roussimoff's health falls below 10%)
:'''Genevieve:''' You're exposed!
:'''Roussimoff:''' Ah, not good, not good, I can't believe I'm on the back foot like this!

;(If Genevieve's health falls below 10%)
:'''Genevieve:''' Could we fight a bit more elegantly...?
:'''Roussimoff:''' Hey now! Is that really something a woman waving an axe around ought to be saying?

;(If Genevieve is defeated)
:'''Genevieve:''' You're strong... Your fists are even harder than an axe!
:'''Roussimoff:''' Thanks for the complement! I consider receiving your recognition an honor!

;(If Poiret's health falls below 10%)
:'''Poiret:''' Roussimoff's fists hit harder than an Armored Crab's claws... But I can take it!
:'''Roussimoff:''' In that case, have another!

;(If Poiret is defeated)
:'''Poiret:''' I lost! Right now... You're stronger than two Armored Crabs!
:'''Roussimoff:''' Since when are Armored Crabs a standard unit of measurement for combat prowess?

;(If Roussimoff is defeated)
:'''Roussimoff:''' Halt! This bout is over! I admit your strength! The Darkwing Geese team truly is the rising star of our arena...
;(Continue to next section)
----
;(After winning the match)
:'''Roussimoff:''' I accept my defeat. Looks really can be deceiving! Haha!
:'''Poiret:''' You... never said anything... about an... overtime match... I'm about to... pass out...
:'''Roussimoff:''' No entertainment-driven tournament would be complete without a few exciting plot twists!
:'''Roussimoff:''' Same applies to using firecrackers in the ring! Or sweet-scented sugar glass bottles!
:'''Roussimoff:''' Without further ado, are you ready to receive your prize?
:{{DIcon}} Feels like we're forgetting something...
::'''Paimon:''' Are we? Hmm... Meh, if we forgot about it, it can't be that important!
:{{DIcon}} The Fonta Trophy!
::'''Paimon:''' Unlimited Fonta!
:'''Genevieve:''' ...Where did Champvallon go?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! Good point!
:'''Poiret:''' Those meka were his pride and joy, and we tore them to shreds. Would you stick around to be humiliated further? He's probably hiding away to escape the shame.
:'''Genevieve:''' Hmm, I doubt it... Like you said, they were his pride and joy. I don't think he's going to take this lying down...
:'''Roussimoff:''' Ah, you've got nothing to worry about! You're the champions, and you even defeated me! You can handle whatever else he might throw at you.
:'''Poiret:''' Be that as it may... Fighting two matches back to back has completely exhausted me. I need to sit down, or I'm gonna faint...
:'''Poiret:''' Right now, he could throw a newborn puppy at me and I'd probably lose the fight...
:{{Black Screen|Champvallon returns, and he's brought some "friends"...}}
:'''Champvallon:''' My Vieille-Model Enhanced Meka... You destroyed my Vieille-Model Enhanced Meka!
:'''Champvallon:''' This tournament isn't over yet!
:'''Genevieve:''' Ugh... Leave him to me. I've still got some fight in me!
:'''Paimon:''' No! Don't force yourself!
:{{DIcon}} I guess it's my time to shine.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Let Coach {{Traveler}} show you how it's done!
----
;(After defeating the clockwork meka)
:'''Champvallon:''' Enough! No more! Please, stop!
:{{DIcon}} Already? I'm still warming up here.
::'''Champvallon:''' You... all that Mora... all those Coupons!
:{{DIcon}} Half-time break? Sure.
::'''Champvallon:''' You want a second half!?
:'''Champvallon:''' You're completely mad, all of you... No more messing with crazy. I'm done!
:'''Champvallon:''' Ugh, I should have known after last time... What a spectacular failure this was. I'm admitting defeat, and I'm leaving.
:'''Roussimoff:''' Not without me, you're not! Let's find somewhere to discuss reimbursement for my losses. Just look at the mess you've made of my precious Pankration Ring...
:'''Roussimoff:''' Oh, but first &mdash; it gives me great pleasure to present the champions with the grand prize! Be proud of yourselves. You've earned it.
:{{Black Screen|Roussimoff and Champvallon leave...}}
:'''Paimon:''' That was pretty underwhelming in the end. Feels like all that preparation was a lot of effort for nothing...
:'''Paimon:''' But it was worth it to see {{Traveler}} in the ring! So cool! Hehe!
:{{DIcon}} Yeah. I hope you were taking notes.
::'''Poiret:''' I think this learning opportunity is a little wasted on me...
:{{DIcon}} Ah, I don't know about "cool."
::'''Genevieve:''' You're too modest, Coach.
:'''Genevieve:''' We promised the trophy to Coach {{Traveler}} and Paimon. As for the Credit Coupons...
:'''Genevieve:''' I feel bad &mdash; you went above and beyond by taking that last fight, so we should really increase your compensation... But we really need those Coupons. We can give you a little extra, but not as much as you deserve...
:'''Paimon:''' Ah yes. You're running low on coupons after Rave, uh... Anyway, it's fine. We'll stick to the amount originally agreed. Right, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} That's alright with me.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not in this to bleed anyone dry...
:'''Genevieve:''' Thank you so much, Coach {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' So. What are your plans now that you've won the tournament and gotten a big stash of Coupons?
:'''Genevieve:''' All I can think about is life after the Fortress of Meropide...
:'''Genevieve:''' Although it's true that they have no evidence to prove I committed academic dishonesty, the fact is I also haven't been able to reproduce the results from the disputed experiment...
:'''Genevieve:''' I'll just have to keep going with my research and find a way to prove myself.
:'''Poiret:''' This place isn't that bad, but the world beyond the fortress suits me better. Clients are hard to come by down here. There's practically zero work for a detective...
:'''Poiret:''' But then again, even in the rest of Fontaine, the detective industry is just too competitive... Hmm. Maybe I should think about expanding outside of Fontaine...
:'''Poiret:''' Coach {{Traveler}}, you're a traveler, right? Maybe we'll run into each other somewhere else one day.
:'''Paimon:''' Sounds like you have great plans. Paimon hopes you achieve all your goals!
:'''Poiret:''' I hope I'll have at least graduated from being a supporting character in my uncle's novels when we next meet, haha.
:'''Genevieve:''' Thank you, and good luck to you too!
----
;(Read the bulletin board, optional)
:'''Bulletin Board:''' Pankration Recreational Tournament Results: Congratulations to the researcher and her assistant for their victory in this Recreational Tournament! Congrats to their coach as well!
:'''Message:''' "Rules for last-minute participation should be written into the competition rules."
:'''Another Person's Message:''' "This competition is so boring. Don't you have anything more exciting?"
:'''Someone Else's Message:''' "You can take the stage and give things a whirl yourself! Interested parties can register with Roussimoff."

;(Approach the lift to the Administrative Area)
:'''Broadcast:''' The curtain has fallen on the finals of this Pankration Tournament! Genevieve and Poiret seize the champion's throne from the formidable Specialist Mek team!
:'''Broadcast:''' Let's give them a round of applause!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/TnFAF3tJNhY
|caption1 = Both Brains and Brawn Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Both Brains and Brawn
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Zhyng Shungqun
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Zhyng Shungqun
|zh_tl   = Twin Fists of Wit and Bravery
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Chiyuu Kenbi{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      =    
|ko_tl   = Clenched Wisdom and Courage
|es      = Cuerpo y mente
|es_tl   = Body and Mind
|fr      =  la fois cerveaux et muscles
|fr_tl   = Both Brains and Muscles
|ru      =   
|ru_tl   = Strength and Wit
|th      = 
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tr Dng Song Quyn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Klugheit und Tapferkeit
|de_tl   = Intelligence and Bravery
|id      = Otak dan Otot
|id_tl   = Brain and Muscle
|pt      = Tanto Crebro Quanto Msculo
|pt_tl   = Both Brain and Muscle
|tr      = Hem Gl Hem Zeki
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Corpo e mente
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}