{{Event
|name              = BottleMi
|image             = BottleMi.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-01-01 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-01-17 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/14710890
|link2             = https://act.hoyolab.com/bbs/event/epiaol0820v2/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>During your adventures in Teyvat, have you ever come across any commissions related to drifting bottles?<br>I think you're no stranger to the drifting bottle gameplay mode! So I want to post a commission today: New Year's Drifting Bottle Challenge!}}
'''BottleMi''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.3]].

==Access the Drifting Bottle Event==
[https://act.hoyolab.com/bbs/event/epiaol0820v2/index.html?hyl_presentation_style=fullscreen Click to enter the world of drifting bottles >>]

==Gameplay 1: New Year Wishes==
Publish a post under the topic #BottleMi sharing a screenshot of drifting bottles with your New Year's wish or the ones you answered, and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Gameplay 1: Event Duration==
January 1, 2023 – January 7, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on January 28.

==Gameplay 2: New Year Flags Challenge==
# Post Challenge: Write a challenge in a drifting bottle and throw it into the sea for other Travelers to fish out (friendly and fun challenges will get more attention), then share a screenshot of your bottle under the topic #BottleMi.
# Accept Challenge: When you fish out a bottle containing a challenge, do take it up if you are interested! Use the #BottleMi topic to share the drifting bottle and your challenge response.

==Gameplay 2: Event Duration==
January 8, 2023 – January 17, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on January 28.

==Event Rewards==
# All users who successfully participated in the event will receive Mora ×50,000 in rewards. They will be sent via in-game messages after January 27.
# In addition, we will randomly select 50 Travelers who participated in the New Year Flags Challenge to receive Primogems ×100~
# While fishing for bottles, you have the chance to receive event-exclusive rewards such as avatar frames and Profile Page Background Images!

==Notes==
# App users can throw 3 bottles and fish out 6 bottles daily. Web users can only throw and fish out bottles once a day. Download the HoYoLAB App for more chances! Chances reset every day at 00:00 (UTC+8).
# The avatar frame rewards and profile page background will be directly sent to users' HoYoLAB accounts. Don't forget to claim them~
# If the user cheats in the event (such as using technical loopholes to attack the site to obtain rewards, virtual transactions, etc.), the official team will revoke the offending user's eligibility to participate in the event and has the right to withdraw the rewards obtained by the offending user. In the event of a serious violation, the account may be subject to sanctions in accordance with the regulations.
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}