{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19013
|image         = Hangout Event Bottleneck Breaking.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Sayu
|actNum        = I
|act           = Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Give It Up!
|characters    = Kano Nana; Kiminami Anna; Sayu; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Bottleneck Breaking''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu}}.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Kiminami Restaurant]]
# Dine with Sayu
#* Ask if she still wishes to continue. Go to '''Hard Work Pays Off'''.
#* Tell her that eating like this might have a negative effect. Go to '''Exercise Follows Eating'''.

===Hard Work Pays Off===
# Go to [[Shimura's]]

===Exercise Follows Eating===
# Go to the [[Treasure Hoarders]]' camp
# Chase the Treasure Hoarders away for [[Kiminami Anna]]
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Scout*2;Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer;Treasure Hoarders: Cryo Potioneer}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Seaman*2;Treasure Hoarders: Electro Potioneer;Treasure Hoarders: Hydro Potioneer*2}}
#* Sayu will join the team as a trial character.
# The battle is over, talk to Sayu
# Go to a high spot to relax with Sayu

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 5, 8
|character_name          = Sayu
|weapon_name             = Favonius Greatsword
|artifact_flower         = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather        = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands          = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet         = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet        = Royal Masque
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4

<!-- WL 5 -->

|character_level5        = 67
|constellation5          = 3
|weapon_level5           = 67
|refinement5             = 1
|artifact_level5         = 16
|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 5
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 8
|hp5                     = 18,478
|atk5                    = 1,177
|def5                    = 633
|em5                     = 180
|er5                     = 182.8%
|crit_rate5              = 51.8%
|crit_dmg5               = 91.9%

<!-- WL 8 -->

|character_level8        = 88
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_level8           = 88
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_level8         = 20
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 11
|hp8                     = 25,025
|atk8                    = 1,536
|def8                    = 872
|em8                     = 201
|er8                     = 193.5%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the '''Hard Work Pays Off''' route grants the ''[[Memories of the Heart]]'' achievement ''[[Dish Effect: Mobility Decreased]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You tell [[Sayu]] that she needs enough nutrition to grow tall. She follows you enthusiastically to [[Inazuma City]]...<br><br>Sayu's eaten a lot already, but her height remains the same. Still, she isn't ready to give up yet...<br><br>The process of eating to grow taller is rather painful, so you try to get Sayu to try something else &mdash; exercise. Will you succeed this time?}}
===Recharge Plan===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to Kiminami Restaurant)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *sniffs* Oh, something smells amazing here! It smells so good that I'd even wake up to find where it's coming from!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 kiminamianna 01.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Welcome to Kiminami Restaurant! What can I get for the two of you?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, hmm... Lemme think. I'll have [[Rice Cake Soup]], a [[Tuna Sushi]], a [[Tricolor Dango]]... Oh, and one [[Tri-Flavored Skewer]], please.
:{{DIcon}} Don't you think that's a bit much for you?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Time waits for no one, it's time for me to take things into my own hands. If I can't grow more by eating more, then we'll still have time to try something else.
:{{DIcon}} Makes sense.
:{{DIcon}} It seems you've really put a lot of thought into this.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I've always taken a proactive approach to growing taller. I can even overcome my sleepiness if I need to.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Speaking of which, I've never been able to eat very much in one sitting. I thought I could try and see what my limits are this time.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But... if I can't finish it all, would you help me...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ugh, no! That's no good... I've got to stay positive, I know I can finish it all.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I'll help you finish whatever's left.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yay, thanks! That way, I don't have to worry about any of the food going to waste.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Eating food like this will help me grow right away, won't it? Maybe I'll gain a whole 6 inches!
:{{DIcon}} Let's not get too optimistic, growing takes time.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yeah, you might be right. Let's eat everything up and find out.
:{{Black Screen|''Sayu tries very hard and finishes all the dishes by herself.''}}
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *hiccup* Ugh...
:{{DIcon}} Are you feeling okay?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I'm alright... Don't worry about me...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I'm just a bit full, that's all... Ugh, I can't move.
:{{DIcon}} Pretty sure that means you're not okay.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ugh, I don't feel like I'm getting taller at all. If anything, I'm only growing wider.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 15.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But if that's the price of getting taller, then I'm willing to pay it.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 16.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Okay... Time to order some more Dango.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 17.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Dango... Yes, more Dango...
:{{DIcon}} Uh, are you okay?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 18.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I think the Dango are making a swirl reaction in my tummy...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 19.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Urgh, who knew Dango could pack such a punch.
:{{DIcon}} If you eat any more, I think you might burst.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 20.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ugh, I just don't get it...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 21.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Why does growing have to be so difficult!?
:{{DIcon}} Do you still wish to continue?
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Eating like this might have a negative effect on your health. Maybe we should consider some other options.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Do you still wish to continue?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 29.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Let's keep at it. No pain, no gain!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 30.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But maybe I could try some other food... All the stuff we just ordered is starting a swirl reaction in my tummy.
:{{DIcon}} Alright, then follow me.
:{{DIcon}} We shouldn't bite more than we can chew.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 31.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yeah, I understand.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 32.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Remember, not too fast now... Oof, my tummy hurts!
:;(Proceed to [[#Hard Work Pays Off|Hard Work Pays Off]])

;(Talk to Kiminami Anna again)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 kiminamianna 01.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' She did eat quite a lot, will she be okay?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 kiminamianna 02.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' You should keep an eye on her, just in case.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Hard Work Pays Off====
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to Shimura's)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Lesson learned... Next time, only order one dish. If we finish it, then we can order another...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' That would be a better plan, wouldn't it?
:{{DIcon}} It seems you've reached your limit. How about we take a break?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No way, I won't give up. Some things can never be achieved until you push yourself.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' If I can't eat any more, then we can always order some tea.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' My body needs to get the signal that I'm trying to grow taller.
:{{DIcon}} It can be hard to be nimble with a full stomach.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yeah, I'm a little worried about that, too...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ninja must be quick on their feet. It'd be embarrassing to get stuck in a tight passageway.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But my body will feel my desire to grow and direct all the nutrients to the right place.
:{{DIcon}} Uh, good luck with that.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not sure if it'll be that easy.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I've already eaten this much, I can't give up now!
:{{Black Screen|''Sayu makes herself gobble the two dishes up.''}}
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ugh, that's it, I'm done... Growing is more painful than I thought.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' We still have two [[Radish]]es left over. Would you mind finishing them?
:{{DIcon}} Sure thing. I've been waiting for a chance to help.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No, wait a second. Let me think...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' On second thought, let me try to eat more.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Otherwise, I'll feel like I didn't give it my best shot. I should at least eat one more.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 15.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Then, I'll call it quits. No more trying to grow by eating.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 16.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Whew, alright... Here it goes.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 kanonana 01.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Sayu? Where are you, Sayu? Come out this instant!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 17.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uh oh! It's the shrine maiden! Not good...
:{{DIcon}} We've been out for too long.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 18.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' She's coming this way! What should we do!?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 19.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' There's only one option now... I'll lead her away from here and try to shake her off my trail. We'll meet back here later.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 20.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I'll just slip away and... Ugh, oh no! My tummy... it's too full...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901307 sayu 21.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Whoa!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Ending: Everything in Moderation====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Everything in Moderation
|character       = Sayu
|act             = 1
|description     = Escape is Sayu's bread-and-butter, but this time, her attempt ends in failure.
}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Eating like this might have a negative effect on your health. Maybe we should consider some other options.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 22.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But are there any other options? ...I never thought that eating could be so painful.
:{{DIcon}} We could always try doing some training.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 23.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ugh, believe me, I already know everything there is about training.
:{{DIcon}} Kids that love running and jumping everywhere give a strong impression that they are going to grow a lot.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 24.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hmm, you do have a point...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 25.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Now that I think about it, the tallest ninja in the [[Shuumatsuban]] always seems to be training their ninjutsu and accepting extremely difficult tasks.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe sleep has only had the opposite effect on you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 26.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No, no, that can't be it... Actually, I haven't kept a good balance of sleep and training, but that's because I feel sleepy way more often than I feel energetic!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 27.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hmm, I get it now. I need to do more training with you. Adventuring, combat &mdash; I need to do it all!
:{{DIcon}} Why don't you come with me and see if the [[Adventurers' Guild]] has any commissions for us to handle?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 kiminamianna 02.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Pardon my eavesdropping, but did you say that you're going to the Adventurers' Guild to take a commission?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 kiminamianna 03.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Recently, we've been running into a group of rowdy Treasure Hoarders whenever we go into the wild to gather ingredients. It seems as if they're intentionally targeting our restaurant staff. *sigh* I hope you can understand how dire the situation has become.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 kiminamianna 04.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' This matter has been taking a real toll on our business. Since I've already submitted the commission to [[Katheryne]], perhaps you can consider helping us out?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 sayu 28.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Treasure Hoarders, huh? Well, bad guys are the best practice targets for ninjutsu.
:{{DIcon}} Okay! We'll take care of it.
:{{DIcon}} I guess our post-meal plans are settled then.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901302 kiminamianna 05.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Great, you have my thanks! Let me show you where the Treasure Hoarders have been most active these days.
:;(Proceed to [[#Exercise Follows Eating 2|Exercise Follows Eating]])

;(Talk to Kiminami Anna again)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901303 kiminamianna 01.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Thanks again for offering your help. Please do be careful out there.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Exercise Follows Eating====
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to the Treasure Hoarders' camp)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901303 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Anna was right, there's the Treasure Hoarders.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901303 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' All that food we just ate is weighing me down a bit, but I think we can still handle them.
----
;(After the battle)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901308 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Alright, last one. Watch this!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901308 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh no, aaaaaaah!

:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *whimpers*
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' How... How could this happen?
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:{{DIcon}} Are you injured?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No, it's all that big brute's fault. Just as I was taking care of the last of them, he charged straight at me!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I moved back to dodge him, but he was too tall... As he reached out to grab me, his hand landed right on my head.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' It's over... It's all over. All that hard work for nothing. Ugh, he crossed the line... Everyone knows that if you're trying to grow taller, you can't be touched on the head.
:{{DIcon}} You're saying getting patted on the head can stunt your growth?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Of course! I never let anyone touch my head. Who knows how much I'll have to eat and sleep or how much training I'll have to do to make up for it.
:{{DIcon}} I don't think that will stop you from growing.
:{{DIcon}} You're just assuming things.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ugh, it's a real bummer, you know. *sigh* I see you're just trying to comfort me. Thanks...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' It's not fun to be patted on the head. But what's done is done, there's nothing I can do about it now.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uh, just forget it, I give up on growing. I'm not gonna grow any taller today, that's for sure.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sorry, I don't want to bum you out with my terrible mood. I should probably just go back now. The shrine maiden's gonna give me a real earful, might as well get it over with.
:{{DIcon}} There's a saying, you know: All good things come to those who wait.
:{{DIcon}} It simply takes time to grow.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I get it... I'll try to look at the bright side.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I was too anxious about growing and now I'm being punished by the archons.
:{{DIcon}} I have another idea, Sayu.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No, no need. I don't want to trouble you anymore. Maybe my stunted growth is tied to my bad attitude more than anything else.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Getting you involved any further will just be a waste of your time.
:{{DIcon}} Though you might not be growing taller now, you can still experience the feeling of growing.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 15.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Huh? "The feeling of growing"... What do you mean?
:{{DIcon}} Imagine, after you grow taller, you can reach higher places and see much farther, right?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 16.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yeah, that's exactly what I'm after.
:{{DIcon}} Alright then, come with me. I promise you'll feel better.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 17.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Reach higher and see farther... really?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901305 sayu 18.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sounds good, I appreciate all your help.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Not As Planned====
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to a high spot to relax with Sayu)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' You had me worried on the way here, you know. I seriously wondered if you were taking me to the Kamisato residence or the shrine...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But you weren't kidding, I can see much farther from here.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Somehow I feel a little better after coming up so high.
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything in particular that you'd like to do after you grow taller?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No, nothing particularly special. I'd simply like to go to the forest and pick some fruit from the trees without having to jump or find something to step on. Just that would be enough to make me happy.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I'd also like to go swimming in water that's too deep for me now, and no one will tease me anymore for my toes not being able to touch the bottom.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, oh! And I'll be able to eat more, too, and stop wasting food all the time.
:{{DIcon}} I suppose being taller will make things easier for you.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh! And not to mention I'll become more free, too!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I won't need to have a guardian to look after me, and the shrine maiden won't be out to catch me anymore.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I'll even be able to visit other places for training. I'll go wherever I want and sleep wherever I want!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ah, imagine, no need to catch up on naps anymore. That will be the day...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' By the way, do you happen to need anyone with ninjutsu skills to accompany you on your adventures?
:{{DIcon}} Adventuring is a grueling experience.
:{{DIcon}} Adventuring is not a game.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hm, see? You still see me by my current height. Hmph! Who knows, maybe I'll be even taller than you one day!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Just wait till I'm taller. You won't need to worry about me ever again, hehe.
:{{DIcon}} See? You're already in a better mood.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yeah, you're right. Thanks.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 15.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' From now on, I'll visit high places more often. They really do work miracles.
:{{DIcon}} This isn't the highest you can achieve, you know.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 16.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Huh? What do you mean?
:{{DIcon}} You can still reach even higher and see even farther, but you can't do that just by standing here.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 17.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, I see. So what should I do?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901306 sayu 18.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Huh? Wh&mdash;Wh&mdash;Whoaaaa!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Ending: Like Soaring Through the Skies====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Like Soaring Through the Skies
|character       = Sayu
|act             = 1
|description     = Although her plans to grow taller have not gone smoothly, at least you helped her catch a glimpse of the future.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Bottleneck Breaking
|zhs     = 突破瓶颈
|zhs_rm  = Túpò Píngjǐng
|zht     = 突破瓶頸
|zht_rm  = Túpò Píngjǐng
|zh_tl   = Breaking Through the Bottleneck
|ja      = 極限突破
|ja_rm   = Kyokugen Toppa
|ja_tl   = Breaking Through the Limits
|ko      = 한계 돌파
|ko_rm   = Hangye Dolpa
|ko_tl   = Breaking Through the Limits
|es      = Superando el bloqueo
|es_tl   = Overcoming the Blockade
|fr      = Gavage d'oie
|fr_tl   = Goose Gavage
|ru      = Прорывное решение
|ru_tl   = Breakthrough Decision
|th      = ข้ามผ่านปัญหาคอขวด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đột Phá Chướng Ngại
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Bruch des Engpasses
|de_tl   = Bottleneck Break
|id      = Menerobos Kemacetan
|id_tl   = Break Through the Traffic Jam
|pt      = Rompendo o Bloqueio
|pt_tl   = Breaking the Blockade
|tr      = Sınırları Aşmak
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Mangiare a quattro ganasce
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}