{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = List
}}
This is a compilation of the Eyewitness Reports that accompany Bounties. Many of them follow a similar pattern.

__TOC__
==Mondstadt==
Just the other day while I was {{Color|buzz|near the Sword Cemetery in Dadaupa Gorge}}, I heard some strange noise... almost like chanting in some strange language. I decided to take a look, but fortunately it was only an Abyss Mage. I know there are some who absolutely despise their kind, so I decided to report it. Otherwise, there might be trouble if others happened to hear its annoying sounds when passing by. ''(Pyro Abyss Mage)''
----
Travelers, adventurers, and merchants, please stay safe out in the wild. Several days ago, while my brother was {{color|buzzword|near the Sword Cemetery in Dadaupa Gorge}}, he caught a glimpse of a Cryo Abyss Mage disappearing into thin air. No one knows where it's gone since, but with such a creature running amok outside the city, it's best to be careful. ''(Cryo Abyss Mage)''
----
Things are not so peaceful around the city now. One time, while I was walking gathering Valberries {{color|buzzword|near the tower between the Stormbearer Mountains and Stormbearer Point}}, I saw a monster that looked kind of like a Cryo Abyss Mage. What if I had caught a cold because of it and made others get sick? I wish the city guard would realize how serious this situation is and do something about it. ''(Cryo Abyss Mage)''
----
It seems as if the number of dangerous monsters out there is increasing every day. When some friends and I were enjoying the scenery {{color|buzzword|just south of Brightcrown Canyon}}, we saw a monster in front of us. My friends said that it was a Hydro Abyss Mage, a very dangerous monster that can spray water at people. That's terrible &mdash; I mean, what if it washes my makeup away? ''(Hydro Abyss Mage)''
----
It's a dangerous world out there! I wouldn't even dare step a single foot outside now. Just yesterday while I was
* getting some fresh air along {{Color|buzz|the road that leads to Thousand Winds Temple}}
* {{color|buzzword|near the Sword Cemetery in Dadaupa Gorge}},
I ran into an Abyss Mage... You know, the kind that's all dark and orange and the like! Those are dangerous, aren't they? Fortunately for me, it was too busy doing some weird dance to notice me. Otherwise, I would have been done for! ''(Pyro Abyss Mage)''
----
Just recently while my girlfriend was {{color|buzzword|near the Sword Cemetery in Dadaupa Gorge}}, she saw a creature that looked like... well, like a Sunsettia. It was bright orange, wearing a mask, and had two bunny ears. After hearing her description of it, I thought it sounded pretty cute and started to wonder if I could buy her a stuffed toy that looked like it. That would be a nice birthday gift, don't ya think? ''(Pyro Abyss Mage)''
----
Can I ask a question? What sort of animal is orange and red, has two long ears, and floats from side to side? I've heard a friend say that he saw just such a creature when he was {{color|buzzword|near the Sword Cemetery in Dadaupa Gorge}}. I hope that someone can answer my question and tell me how that animal smells. ''(Pyro Abyss Mage)''
----
Ah, elemental monsters really are an enigma. Usually, an [[Eye of the Storm]] should only appear in areas with high elemental concentrations, but I saw one yesterday while I was
* enjoying the scenery {{Color|buzz|just south of Brightcrown Canyon}}, across from the Cathedral.
* gathering Valberries {{color|buzzword|near the tower between the Stormbearer Mountains and Stormbearer Point}}.
The way it floated this way and that was rather mesmerizing &mdash; shame that I lost its trail somewhere along the way. ''(Eye of the Storm)''
----
Come to think of it, I ran into something strange yesterday while I was {{Color|buzz|near the Sword Cemetery in Dadaupa Gorge}}. How should I describe it? Let's see... It was round and floating around in the air, but it definitely wasn't an Anemo Slime! It was quite unusual-looking and didn't have eyes. What do you think? Could it be dangerous? ''(Eye of the Storm)''
----
Just a few days ago, as I was gathering Valberries {{Color|buzz|near the tower between the Stormbearer Mountains and Stormbearer Point}}, I saw a humongous monster. Apparently, it's called the "Eye of the Storm"? Anyway, it looked pretty dangerous, so I didn't stick around to get a closer look. ''(Eye of the Storm)''
----
The Eye of the Storm is a being shrouded in mystery. Even after so many years of research, the laws behind its physical shape are still not clearly understood. A friend told me recently that she heard one nearby while she was
* gathering Valberries {{Color|buzz|near the tower between the Stormbearer Mountains and Stormbearer Point}}.
* {{color|buzzword|near the Sword Cemetery in Dadaupa Gorge}}.
If you could capture it, it may prove useful for research... ''(Eye of the Storm)''
----
You mean that round Anemo monster with a shell around it? I have a friend of a friend who said he's seen it before. Apparently, he and one of his friends saw that storm eye thingy when they were getting some fresh air along {{color|buzzword|the road that leads to Thousand Winds Temple}}. Unfortunately, the two of 'em got separated when they were making their escape. I don't know how things ended up for this friend of my friend's friend. All I can say is that I've never seen it with my own two eyes. ''(Eye of the Storm)''
----
When traveling outdoors, safety is the first priority. I heard a friend say that she encountered an Eye of the Storm while she was
* {{color|buzzword|near the Sword Cemetery in Dadaupa Gorge}}.
* gathering Valberries {{Color|buzz|near the tower between the Stormbearer Mountains and Stormbearer Point}}.
I hope everyone pays close attention to their surroundings when they go out. Actually, I was wondering &mdash; why do they call it a "storm"? Given what it does, shouldn't it be called a "twister" or a "tornado"? ''(Eye of the Storm)''
----
If you ask me, slimes are my absolute favorite. Round, plump, and bouncy... They're so cute I just can't stand it! Which is exactly why I hate hilichurls... Who could ever use such poor little slimes as weapons? Just yesterday while I was getting some fresh air along {{Color|buzz|the road that leads to Thousand Winds Temple}}, I saw a mitachurl pick up a Dendro Slime and use it as a shield. How dare it do such a thing! I just hope another good, slime-loving friend will go and teach it a lesson! ''(Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl)''
----
I always wanted to make friends with hilichurls. Since they can use fire, build tools, and make houses, they must have intelligence. That's what I thought at least, but a few days ago, I met a big hilichurl while enjoying the scenery {{color|buzzword|just south of Brightcrown Canyon}}, across from the Cathedral. I had a hilichurl mask with me, which was given to me by a friend, and I wanted to give it to this big hilichurl as a gift. But the moment it saw the mask, it came charging at me with its giant wooden shield. It seems as if the road to peace will be a long one, indeed... ''(Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl)''
----
Today, while I was enjoying the scenery {{color|buzzword|just south of the Brightcrown Canyon}}, across from the Cathedral, I saw a huge fellow carrying a huge wooden shield. At first, I mistook him for a fitness freak I used to know in my school days, thinking that he might have gone off the deep end with his body sculpting. But this creature had horns and was covered in fur. That was weird, of course &mdash; humans don't grow horns, after all! ''(Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl)''
----
I'm starting to worry about the growing number of dangerous monsters showing up outside the city recently. Why, just today while I was {{color|buzzword|near the Sword Cementery in Dadaupa Gorge}}, I caught a glimpse of a tall, burly mitachurl walking straight towards me with a big shield over its shoulder. Luckily, I was able to hide before it spotted me, otherwise I... ''(Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl)''
----
Hilichurls are interesting, alright. They don't have any systematic civilization, yet they have crossbows. They have crossbows, yet they have shamans. The other day while I was enjoying the scenery {{Color|buzz|just south of Brightcrown Canyon}}, across from the Cathedral, I even saw a huge hilichurl use a Pyro Slime to set its axe ablaze. All these signs point to the hilichurls possessing quite unique technological and cultural standards. ''(Blazing Axe Mitachurl)''
----
I'm lucky to have made it back... Earlier, while I was getting some fresh air along {{Color|buzz|the road that leads to Thousand Winds Temple}}, I ran into a weird blockhead covered in jet-black fur who was wielding a flaming axe bigger than me! I was so terrified that I fled back here as quickly as I could... ''(Blazing Axe Mitachurl)''
----
Because I've been out of work with nothing better to do, I often while away my time taking long strolls outside the city. But yesterday, while I was gathering Valberries {{color|buzzword|near the tower between the Stormbearer Mountains and Stormbearer point}}, I ran into a massive hilichurl doing exercises in the open with a big axe on the ground just beside it. If even hilichurls have such a work ethic, then what hope do I have? I need to get my life straightened out... ''(Blazing Axe Mitachurl)''
----
A couple days ago, while I was {{color|buzzword|near the Sword Cemetery in Dadaupa Gorge}}, I noticed a massive hilichurl stomping back and forth with a huge axe in its hands. If the city guard doesn't do something soon, ordinary people like myself won't even be able to leave the city. ''(Blazing Axe Mitachurl)''
----
I saw a strange machine earlier while I was {{Color|buzz|near the Sword Cemetery in Dadaupa Gorge}}. I wanted to check it out, but it started spouting strange noises as it stood up and swinging its two long arms as if prepared to strike. Getting hit by one of those things would have been no joke! But thanks to my constant training, I was able to run away quickly to safety. The moral of the story is, well... that everyone should train more! ''(Ruin Guard)''
----
I've heard that you can sometimes find scrapped machinery from ruins, and that their parts sell for a lot. Some days ago, I ran into one while
* gathering Valberries {{Color|buzz|near the tower between the Stormbearer Mountains and Stormbearer Point}}.
* {{Color|buzz|near the Sword Cemetery in Dadaupa Gorge}}.
* getting some fresh air along {{color|buzzword|the road that leads to Thousand Winds Temple}}.
I thought I'd gotten lucky, but the moment I got over there, its eye came alight and it got up, ready to smack me... ''(Ruin Guard)''
----
The spiral is the heartbeat of life &mdash; the stairway to infinity! If we could follow the turn of the golden spiral, we can reach the truth &mdash; at least, that's what my friend says, and that's why he keeps studying life forms that spin. Whether it be Starconches, Geovishap Hatchlings, or Eyes of the Storm, he has studied their movements up close. A few days earlier, he told me excitedly that he encountered a marvelous machine while enjoying the scenery {{Color|buzz|just south of Brightcrown Canyon}}, across from the Cathedral &mdash; the machine could not only rotate on a horizontal axis, but on a vertical axis too... I can't help but feel that there's something wrong with him. Should I just play along and calm him down a little before thinking of a way to take him to get some professional help? ''(Ruin Hunter)''
----
While I was
* getting some fresh air along {{Color|buzz|the road that leads to Thousand Winds Temple}}
* enjoying the scenery {{color|buzzword|just south of Brightcrown Canyon}}, across from the Cathedral,
I saw a Ruin Hunter... No, I didn't check if it was really broken or not. I mean, do I look like I have enough lives to spare if it starts charging at me with its blade? ''(Ruin Hunter)''
----
A few days {{sic|I go}}, I spied a mysterious floating machine from afar while
* enjoying the scenery {{color|buzzword|just south of Brightcrown Canyon}}, across from the Cathedral.
* getting some fresh air along {{Color|buzz|the road that leads to Thousand Winds Temple}}.
Where can I buy such an awesome thing? If anyone knows, please let me know. ''(Ruin Hunter)''
----
Not long ago, I heard an adventurer friend of mine say that while she was getting some fresh air along {{color|buzzword|the road that leads to Thousand Winds Temple}}, she met some kind of... uh, Hunter thing? The way she was describing it so excitedly, it was likely something impressive indeed. It got me thinking, too — if I had such a machine on hand, I'm sure that I'd be safe, no matter how dangerous the roads or monster camps are! ''(Ruin Hunter)''

==Liyue==
I saw something strange the other day while I was strolling around {{Color|buzz|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{Color|buzz|valley of shining stone pillars}}. It was white, floaty, and looked like a sort of cloth bag, but when I tried to get a closer look, it was gone. Is it some sort of dangerous monster? ''(Cryo Abyss Mage)''
----
Things are not so peaceful around the city now. One time, while I was walking along {{Color|buzz|the road to the Chasm}} to check on things at the {{Color|buzz|mine}}, I saw a monster that looked kind of like a Cryo Abyss Mage. What if I had caught a cold because of it and made others get sick? I wish the city guard would realize how serious this situation is and do something about it. ''(Cryo Abyss Mage)''
----
Travelers, adventurers, and merchants, please stay safe out in the wild. Several days ago, while my brother was strolling around {{color|buzzword|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{color|buzzword|valley of shining stone pillars}}, he caught a glimpse of a Cryo Abyss Mage disappearing into thin air. No one knows where it's gone since, but with such a creature running amok outside the city, it's best to be careful. ''(Cryo Abyss Mage)''
----
I'm not lying, I swear! While I was strolling around {{Color|buzz|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{Color|buzz|valley of shining stone pillars}}, I saw a Hydro Abyss Mage creating a huge bubble &mdash; so huge that you could fit a human inside it! ''(Hydro Abyss Mage)''
----
It seems as if the number of dangerous monsters out there is increasing every day. When some friends and I were picking herbs {{Color|buzz|on the spooky mountain roads around Wuwang Hill}}, we saw a monster in front of us. My friends said that it was a Hydro Abyss Mage, a very dangerous monster that can spray water at people. That's terrible &mdash; I mean, what if it washes my makeup away? ''(Hydro Abyss Mage)''
----
Several days ago, I was strolling around {{Color|buzz|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{Color|buzz|valley of shining stone pillars}} when I saw a Hydro Abyss Mage. I've heard that it's a very dangerous monster. After all, a monster that can use Hydro attacks is definitely dangerous. Especially after my father's rheumatism was recently triggered by a change of weather, if he encounters a Hydro attack, the rheumatism could worsen. I hope someone can take this creature out. ''(Hydro Abyss Mage)''
----
Several days ago, I was picking herbs {{color|buzzword|on the spooky mountain roads around Wuwang Hill}} when I saw a Hydro Abyss Mage. I've heard that it's a very dangerous monster. After all, a monster that can use Hydro attacks could trigger someone's rheumatism. I hope someone can take this creature out. ''(Hydro Abyss Mage)''
----
It's a dangerous world out there! I wouldn't even dare step a single foot outside now. Just yesterday while I was strolling around {{color|buzzword|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{color|buzzword|valley of shining stone pillars}}, I ran into an Abyss Mage... You know, the kind that's all dark and orange and the like! Those are dangerous, aren't they? Fortunately for me, it was too busy doing some weird dance to notice me. Otherwise, I would have been done for! ''(Pyro Abyss Mage)''
----
Just recently while my girlfriend was strolling around {{color|buzzword|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{color|buzzword|valley of shining stone pillars}}, she saw a creature that looked like... well, like a Sunsettia. It was bright orange, wearing a mask, and had two bunny ears. After hearing her description of it, I thought it sounded pretty cute and started to wonder if I could buy her a stuffed toy that looked like it. That would be a nice birthday gift, don't ya think? ''(Pyro Abyss Mage)''
----
Just the other day while I was walking along {{color|buzzword|the main road south of Wangshu Inn}}, I heard some strange noise... almost like chanting in some strange language. I decided to take a look, but fortunately it was only an Abyss Mage. I know there are some who absolutely despise their kind, so I decided to report it. Otherwise, there might be trouble if others happened to hear its annoying sounds when passing by. ''(Pyro Abyss Mage)''
----
I had heard one of my adventurer friends speak of the "Eye of the Storm" before, but I had never actually seen one until just a few days ago. I was
* strolling around {{Color|buzz|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{Color|buzz|valley of shining stone pillars}},
* walking along {{Color|buzz|the main road south of Wangshu Inn}},
* picking herbs {{color|buzzword|on the spooky mountain roads around Wuwang Hill}},
when all of a sudden I heard a great whooshing sound. I turned around there I saw it... The Eye of the Storm was spinning around and charging straight at me! I managed to dodge out of its way and found a place to hide. I'm lucky I made it out alive. ''(Eye of the Storm)''
----
The Eye of the Storm is a being shrouded in mystery. Even after so many years of research, the laws behind its physical shape are still not clearly understood. A friend told me recently that she heard one nearby while she was walking along {{Color|buzz|the main road south of Wangshu Inn}}. If you could capture it, it may prove useful for research... ''(Eye of the Storm)''
----
You mean that round Anemo monster with a shell around it? I have a friend of a friend who said he's seen it before. Apparently, he and one of his friends saw that storm eye thingy when they were strolling around {{Color|buzz|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{Color|buzz|valley of shining stone pillars}}. Unfortunately, the two of 'em got separated when they were making their escape. I don't know how things ended up for this friend of my friend's friend. All I can say is that I've never seen it with my own two eyes. ''(Eye of the Storm)''
----
Ever since my dog passed away, I've been looking to get a more long-lived pet to keep me company through my sunset years. I've heard it said that Geovishap Hatchlings have great longevity, so I've been looking to get one myself. A few days ago, my grandson told me that he had seen one while
* strolling around {{Color|buzz|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{Color|buzz|valley of shining stone pillars}}.
* picking herbs {{color|buzword|on the spooky mountain roads around Wuwang Hill.}}
However, it had very quickly burrowed into the ground and disappeared... ''(Geovishap Hatchling)''
----
I recently met a really pretty lady scholar, so I've been thinking that maybe I can find her something interesting to research. Earlier, I saw a very unique-looking creature while I was walking along {{Color|buzz|the main road south of Wangshu Inn}}. It looked like a lizard, but huge and with super thick armor. None of my friends knew what it was &mdash; I sure think she might find it interesting! ''(Geovishap Hatchling)''
----
Could that be the legendary Hilichurl Champion? A few days ago, a friend and I were walking along
* {{Color|buzz|the road to the Chasm}} to check on things at the {{Color|buzz|mine}},
* {{color|buzzword|the main road south of wangshu Inn}},
when we encountered a golden creature that looked like it was hewn out of rock. It was almost like a hilichurl, but with some differences. I wonder what price it might fetch if we captured one? After all, it must have some gold in it, given how it glitters so brightly! ''(Stonehide Lawachurl)''
----
I encountered one of those Stonehide Lawachurls out in the wild the other day. I was walking along {{Color|buzz|the road to the Chasm}} to check on things at the {{Color|buzz|mine}}, when suddenly without warning, that thing locked eyes with me &mdash; felt like I was going to jump out of my skin. If anyone passes that way, please watch yourself. ''(Stonehide Lawachurl)''
----
Maybe it is an omen of imminent turmoil... Yesterday, while I was strolling around {{color|buzzword|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{color|buzzword|valley of shining stone pillars}}, I encountered a very special-looking Mitachurl. Its hide appeared to be completely ossified. Perhaps it's some new species of monster... May the archons protect this land! ''(Stonehide Lawachurl)''
----
I've said this a thousand times before &mdash; there's no way that's a normal Mitachurl! While I was picking herbs {{color|buzzword|on the spooky mountain roads around Wuwang Hill}}, I saw something way larger and stronger than other Mitachurls. Its skin even looked... petrified, somehow. Perhaps it's some sort of mutant hilichurl! Please believe me! ''(Stonehide Lawachurl)''
----
I've heard a scholar friend say before that Stonehide Lawachurls are very rare creatures, but I believe I really saw one the other day while picking herbs {{color|buzzword|on the spooky mountain roads around Wuwang Hill}}. They say that you must be really lucky to see one, but somehow, I always lose money when betting on stones. ''(Stonehide Lawachurl)''
----
If you ask me, slimes are my absolute favorite. Round, plump, and bouncy... They're so cute I just can't stand it! Which is exactly why I hate hilichurls... Who could ever use such poor little slimes as weapons? Just yesterday
* while I was strolling around {{Color|buzz|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{Color|buzz|valley of shining stone pillars}},
* while I was picking herbs {{color|buzzword|on the spooky mountain roads around Wuwang Hill}},
I saw a mitachurl pick up a Dendro Slime and use it as a shield. How dare it do such a thing! I just hope another good, slime-loving friend will go and teach it a lesson! ''(Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl)''
----
I always wanted to make friends with hilichurls. Since they can use fire, build tools, and make houses, they must have intelligence. That's what I thought at least, but a few days ago, I met a big hilichurl while picking herbs {{color|buzzword|on the spooky mountain roads around Wuwang Hill}}. I had a hilichurl mask with me, which was given to me by a friend, and I wanted to give it to this big hilichurl as a gift. But the moment it saw the mask, it came charging at me with its giant wooden shield. It seems as if the road to peace will be a long one, indeed... ''(Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl)''
----
Hilichurls are interesting, alright. They don't have any systematic civilization, yet they have crossbows. They have crossbows, yet they have shamans. The other day while I was walking along {{color|buzzword|the road to the Chasm}} to check on things at the {{color|buzzword|mine}}, I even saw a huge hilichurl use a Pyro Slime to set its axe ablaze. All these signs point to the hilichurls possessing quite unique technological and cultural standards. ''(Blazing Axe Mitachurl)''
----
A couple days ago, while I was walking along {{color|buzzword|the main road south of Wangshu Inn}}, I noticed a massive hilichurl stomping back and forth with a huge axe in its hands. If the city guard doesn't do something soon, ordinary people like myself won't even be able to leave the city. ''(Blazing Axe Mitachurl)''
----
Back when I was a kid, no hilichurl would ever dare come near any settlement. But things have changed these days. Why, just yesterday while I was out for my walk, I overheard some young fella say, "Yesterday, while I was walking along {{Color|buzz|the main road south of Wangshu Inn}}, I ran into a mitachurl with a big stone shield. I was scared stiff!" To think that young people these days would be afraid of hilichurls... Things sure ain't the same as they used to be. ''(Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl)''
----
Yesterday, as I was
* walking along {{color|buzzword|the road to the Chasm}} to check on things at the {{color|buzzword|mine}},
* picking herbs {{color|buzzword|on the spooky mountain roads around Wuwang Hill}},
I ran into a mitachurl with a shield made out of stone. It was horrifying! ''(Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl)''
----
When I was very little, I saw a monster out in the wild that wore a mask and bore a stone shield. My parents told me later that it was a hilichurl, a creature that attacks humans. But that hilichurl didn't do anything &mdash; it just stood there and looked at me from a distance. I'd forgotten all about this incident, or so I thought. A few days ago, while walking along {{Color|buzz|the main road south of Wangshu Inn}}, I encountered a large hilichurl wielding a stone shield. It reminded me of that incident from my childhood &mdash; did that hilichurl grow up, just like I had? It looked at me from a distance for a good long while before hefting its shield and walking away. ''(Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl)''
----
Yesterday, as I was walking along {{color|buzzword|the road to the Chasm}} to check on things at the {{color|buzzword|mine}}, I ran into a mitachurl with a shield made out of stone. It was horrifying! ''(Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl)''
----
I've heard that you can sometimes find scrapped machinery from ruins, and that their parts sell for a lot. Some days ago, I ran into one while
* strolling around {{Color|buzz|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{Color|buzz|valley of shining stone pillars}}.
* walking along {{color|buzzword|the road to the Chasm}} to check on things at the {{color|buzzword|mine}}.
I thought I'd gotten lucky, but the moment I got over there, its eye came alight and it got up, ready to smack me... ''(Ruin Guard)''
----
They call those Ruin Guards, right? One day, I saw one while
* strolling around {{Color|buzz|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{Color|buzz|valley of shining stone pillars}}.
* walking along {{Color|buzz|the main road south of Wangshu Inn}}.
It looks amazing! Do you think there's someone inside piloting it? ''(Ruin Guard)''
----
I saw a strange machine earlier while I was picking herbs {{color|buzzword|on the spooky mountain roads around Wuwang Hill}}. I wanted to check it out, but it started spouting strange noises as it stood up and swinging its two long arms as if prepared to strike. Getting hit by one of those things would have been no joke! But thanks to my constant training, I was able to run away quickly to safety. The moral of the story is, well... that everyone should train more! ''(Ruin Guard)''
----
Not long ago, I heard an adventurer friend of mine say that while she was picking herbs {{Color|buzz|on the spooky mountain roads around Wuwang Hill}}, she met some kind of... uh, Hunter thing? The way she was describing it so excitedly, it was likely something impressive indeed. It got me thinking, too &mdash; if I had such a machine on hand, I'm sure that I'd be safe, no matter how dangerous the roads or monster camps are! ''(Ruin Hunter)''
----
The spiral is the heartbeat of life &mdash; the stairway to infinity! If we could follow the turn of the golden spiral, we can reach the truth &mdash; at least, that's what my friend says, and that's why he keeps studying life forms that spin. Whether it be Starconches, Geovishap Hatchlings, or Eyes of the Storm, he has studied their movements up close. A few days earlier, he told me excitedly that he encountered a marvelous machine while
* walking along {{Color|buzz|the main road south of Wangshu Inn}} &mdash;
* strolling around {{color|buzzword|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{color|buzzword|valley of shining stone pillars}} &mdash;
the machine could not only rotate on a horizontal axis, but on a vertical axis too... I can't help but feel that there's something wrong with him. Should I just play along and calm him down a little before thinking of a way to take him to get some professional help? ''(Ruin Hunter)''
----
A few days {{sic|I go}}, I spied a mysterious floating machine from afar while strolling around {{color|buzzword|Cuijue Slope}} before unknowingly wandering into a {{color|buzzword|valley of shining stone pillars}}. Where can I buy such an awesome thing? If anyone knows, please let me know. ''(Ruin Hunter)''

==Inazuma==
I saw something strange the other day while I was patrolling the {{Color|buzz|seaside north of Tatarasuna}} to prevent scavengers from entering Tatarasuna. It was purple and floating around like a rotten [[Lavender Melon]], but when I tried to get a closer look, it was gone. Don't know if it is some kind of dangerous monster. ''(Electro Abyss Mage)''
----
Just recently while my husband was picking some Sea Ganoderma {{Color|buzz|near the Nazuchi Beach}}, he saw a creature that looked like... well, like a Lavender Melon. It was purple, wearing a mask, and had two bunny ears. After hearing his description, I thought it sounded pretty cute and wanted to ask where I can buy a toy like that. That would be a nice gift for my daughter. ''(Electro Abyss Mage)''
----
Several days ago, I was relaxing and studying by the {{Color|buzz|seaside near Byakko Plain close to the Chinju Forest}} when I saw a Hydro Abyss Mage. I've heard that it's a very dangerous monster. After all, a monster that can use Hydro attacks is definitely dangerous. Especially after my father's rheumatism was recently triggered by a change of weather, if he encounters a Hydro attack, the rheumatism could worsen. I hope someone can take this creature out. ''(Hydro Abyss Mage)''
----
Things are not so peaceful around the city now. One time, while I was patrolling the {{color|buzzword|seaside north of Tatarasuna}} to prevent scavengers from entering Tatarasuna, I saw a monster that looked kind of like a Cryo Abyss Mage. It would have been quite dangerous if I had caught a cold because of it. After all, I could have spread the cold to others. I hope the guards or some wayfaring hero can do something about it. ''(Cryo Abyss Mage)''
----
A couple days ago, while I was checking out the legend of the [[Kitsune Saiguu]] {{Color|buzz|near the Araumi Ruins}}, I noticed a tiny hilichurl stomping back and forth with a stick that's taller than it and mumbling something incomprehensible. I am afraid it's some kind of curse against the Almighty Shogun! I just hope the Commission would do something about it. ''(Electro Samachurl)''
----
A few days ago, while I was patrolling the {{Color|buzz|seaside north of Tatarasuna}} to prevent scavengers from entering Tatarasuna, I came across a Vagrant Duo with a price on their heads. They were supposedly once disciples of the [[Meikyou Shisui Art]]. Later on, after their [[Domon|master]] became emotionally unstable, they left and turned against the Shogunate. Perhaps the Tenryou Commission may know more details. I hope someone can take the time to handle these outlaws who disrupt order in Inazuma. ''(Kairagi: Dancing Thunder)''
----
I doubt that few still remember the history of the "Demonbane Kin," who was quite famous in my day. His crimes in Kannazuka were quite the scandal back then. I was one of the guards at that time. While my colleagues and I were going after him, he defeated thirteen of us with one hand holding a blade and the other holding onto a cliff. He then disappeared with his henchmen afterwards. Although an outlaw, he was admirable in his own way. A few days earlier while I was patrolling the {{Color|buzz|seaside north of Tatarasuna}} to prevent scavengers from entering Tatarasuna, I saw an outlaw who looked like him. If I were still young, I might still have been able to fight him for the honor of my past colleagues. But I am old now, and can only rely on someone young and brave to do this for me. ''(Kairagi: Dancing Thunder)''
----
I am working on a draft entry for the upcoming This Novel Is Amazing! contest, but I've run into a bottleneck. Things have not been going well lately, and many who don't want to fight in the war or are just opportunistic have fallen into banditry. It's utter lawlessness! While drinking with a friend last night, he said he was almost robbed while he was patrolling the {{Color|buzz|seaside north of Tatarasuna}} to prevent scavengers from entering Tatarasuna. As such, I've decided to write an inspiring novel to bring a bit of light to others... Dear sirs at the Commission, in view of my passion and kindness, could you spare a few good words when reviewing my novel? ''(Kairagi: Dancing Thunder)''
----
The newly emerged [[Midorikawa Gang]] seems to be quite rampant lately. A peer and friend of mine who is now a general in the field said he fought the Midorikawa Gang earlier while he was relaxing and studying by the {{Color|buzz|seaside near Byakko Plain close to the Chinju Forest}}. I can only hope that all this turmoil will end soon, for the sake of people's livelihood.
----
I wonder, has the Yashiro Commission read my previous message? I am working on a draft entry for the upcoming This Novel Is Amazing! contest, but I ran into a bottleneck. Things have not been going well lately, and the guards are too tied up to handle the monsters in the outskirts. During a chat with a friend last night, he said that he saw a hilichurl settlement while he was picking some Sea Ganoderma {{Color|buzz|near the Nazuchi Beach}}. Among them was the massive Thunderhelm Lawachurl. As such, I decided to write an inspiring novel to encourage people to keep going... Dear sirs at the Commission, could you put a good word in when reviewing my novel? Think of it as encouragement for me to keep writing. ''(Thunderhelm Lawachurl)''
----
No thanks to those Sangonomiya hooligans, the guards who are supposed to maintain order now have their hands full. A few days earlier, while I was patrolling the {{Color|buzz|seaside north of Tatarasuna}} to prevent scavengers from entering Tatarasuna, I ran into a group of Hilichurls. If they were just some ordinary Hilichurls, they would not be worth mentioning, but they seem to be quite organized. Their leader was especially tall and his body was covered in lightning. If this continues, Inazuma will be overrun with these beasts! I hope that the war will be over soon, so that the soldiers can return home, while the Commission can spend more time protecting us locals. ''(Thunderhelm Lawachurl)''
----
What I experienced a few days ago was quite shocking. I was picking some Sea Ganoderma {{Color|buzz|near the Nazuchi Beach}} at the time. After hearing some noises ahead, I became curious. I went over and found a massive, purple hilichurl leading a group of other hilichurls. They were loading one batch of Pyro Slime after another into barrels. I was quite embarrassed by them. I have a poor sense of money and don't think much of the future, to the point where even hilichurls are so much more thoughtful than me. I shall work harder from now on... and that's why I hope that the [[Yashiro Commission]] can lend me some money so I can start over. ''(Thunderhelm Lawachurl)''
----
According to a friend, today while he was patrolling the {{Color|buzz|seaside north of Tatarasuna}} to prevent scavengers from entering Tatarasuna, he saw a giant fellow carrying a massive axe. At first, he mistook the fellow for someone heading to the Staff Era to learn martial arts, thinking that's how the fellow got his stature. But his fellow had horns and was covered in fur. That seemed quite strange. Humans don't grow horns after all, right? ''(Crackling Axe Mitachurl)''
----
Back when I was a kid, I once received the [[Martial Arts in Teyvat#Kitain Arts|Kitain Arts Okuden]] and defended peace everywhere with a cross spear. But things have changed these days. Why, just yesterday while I was having tea, I overheard some young fella say, "Yesterday, while I was picking some [[Sea Ganoderma]] {{Color|buzz|near the Nazuchi Beach}}, I ran into a hilichurl with a giant axe. I was scared stiff!" To think that guards who carry the Electro Mitsudomoe these days would be afraid of hilichurls... Things sure ain't the same as they used to be. ''(Crackling Axe Mitachurl)''
----
Earlier due to a battle injury, I was relegated to the sidelines. After suffering a setback on the path of martial arts, I often get discouraged and would spend my time away from the city. Yesterday, while I was relaxing and studying by the {{Color|buzz|seaside near Byakko Plain close to the Chinju Forest}}, I ran into a massive hilichurl exercising with a big axe next to it. If even hilichurls work so hard, then I can't give up on myself like this... ''(Crackling Axe Mitachurl)''
----
While I was on a business trip earlier, I also {{sic}} patrolling the {{Color|buzz|seaside north of Tatarasuna}} to prevent scavengers from entering Tatarasuna. Initially the lad urged us to take a detour due to appearances of trolls, monsters, and the [[Tatarigami]] in the region. But we traveled in a large group and naturally were not afraid. Then a dark, massive fellow holding a shining axe jumped out of nowhere. The monster was about to pounce on one of us when it suddenly stopped and disappeared. ''(Crackling Axe Mitachurl)''
----
A couple of days ago, while I was relaxing and studying by the {{Color|buzz|seaside near Byakko Plain close to the Chinju Forest}}, I noticed a massive hilichurl stomping back and forth with a huge axe in its hands. If the Commission doesn't do something soon, less able-bodied people like myself won't even be able to leave the city. ''(Crackling Axe Mitachurl)''
----
During dinner last night, my grandpa said while he was relaxing and studying by the {{Color|buzz|seaside near Byakko Plain close to the Chinju Forest}}, he saw a strange creature. It had hands reaching beyond its knees and it panted heavily while moving around. It also had eyes that shone brightly. Maybe he was just too old and getting silly... I was going to tell him to go for a stroll, which might be good for his health, but now that I think about it, what if he gets lost? It's better to have someone watch over him. ''(Ruin Grader)''
----
Earlier, a friend of mine who serves at the Tenryou Commission told me that while she was relaxing and studying by the {{Color|buzz|seaside near Byakko Plain close to the Chinju Forest}}, she saw a... Ruin-something-or-other, I think they call it? According to her description, it seemed quite impressive and got her excited. Not only could it shoot light beams, but it could also take on many enemies at once. I could not help but think that if we could arm ourselves with such machines, we would be able to handle those Sangonomiya rebels easily. ''(Ruin Grader)''
----
I saw a strange machine earlier while I was checking out the legend of the Kitsune Saiguu {{Color|buzz|near the Araumi Ruins}}. I wanted to check it out, but it started spouting strange noises as it stood up and swinging its two long arms as if prepared to strike. Getting hit by one of those things would have been no joke! But thanks to my constant training, I was able to run away quickly to safety. The moral of the story is, well... that everyone should train more! ''(Ruin Guard)''
----
A few days ago while I was checking out the legend of the [[Kitsune Saiguu]] {{Color|buzz|near the Araumi Ruins}}, I suddenly saw a strange machine floating around. This type of machine would be perfect for teasing cats, I thought to myself. Where can I buy these things? Can someone tell me? ''(Ruin Sentinel)''
----
I believe life must evolve, just like martial arts, craftsmanship and light novels do. But what direction should the evolution of life head into? Earlier while I was checking out the legend of the Kitsune Saiguu {{Color|buzz|near the Araumi Reuins}}, I seemed to have found the answer. Out in the suburb, I saw a machine that looked like a plant, or it could be a plant that looked like a machine. I finally understand now. Only by shedding the vulnerable body and flesh to become machines can life truly evolve. ''(Ruin Sentinel)''
----
In the past, a certain Mr. Mo once created the world-renowned Forest Scroll using animals such as crows, kitsune, frogs and tanuki. Lately, I have been thinking of creating a similar work of art, using Ruin machines as a theme. While my brother was checking out the legend of the Kitsune Saiguu {{Color|buzz|near the Araumi Ruins}}, he once saw Ruin machines that looked like... insects. I believe an ecosystem may exist among those machines. What do you think? ''(Ruin Sentinel)''

[[Category:Game System Subpages]]
[[Category:Lists]]