{{EventTabs}}

==Dialogue==
===Intro===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Hydro Slime:''' (Blub, hello there!)
:'''Hydro Slime:''' (I'm a Hydro Slime!)

:'''Hydro Slime:''' (Blub! No, who said I lost my way!)
:'''Hydro Slime:''' (I'm on the adventure of a lifetime, you know?)

:'''Hydro Slime:''' (The roads are pretty rough in the Mines...)
:'''Hydro Slime:''' (Do watch your step!)

:'''Hydro Slime:''' (Blub! Maybe we can team up and adventure together!)
:'''Hydro Slime:''' (Yay~ Let's goooo!)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Stage 1: Practice Zone===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon re-challenge)
;Pick your Slime to challenge Practice Zone!
:Tip: There are no special mechanics in Practice Mode. Stamina will not be consumed and you will not receive any Blob Coins.

;(During countdown)
:You may come back here anytime to practice! It's completely Stamina-free!
:Every time you enter Practice Mode, the tutorial will be triggered again~ If you have already grasped the idea, you can click to skip the tutorial~
:Please note that you will not receive any Blob Coins from practicing~ You may challenge any other mode to obtain more Blob Coins!

;(At first jump &mdash; mobile)
::Press and hold on the screen to charge~ The longer you hold, the farther you jump~

;(At first jump &mdash; desktop)
::Hold the left mouse button or space bar to charge~ The longer you hold, the farther you jump~

;(Failing at first jump)
:Blub! Hoooooold it to charge! Adjust the charge time and give it another try~

;(At second jump)
:Landing at the center of the stone gives you a Perfect Jump! Perfect Jump will earn you more points!

;(Failing at second jump)
:Blub, so close... Let's try again! Focus on the central zone!

;(At third jump)
:Superb! We gotta record it! The higher the score, the more the Blob Coins!
:We are almost halfway through this adventure! Now, let's finish this with a bang!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Stage 2: Rolling Stones===
{{Dialogue start}}
;Pick your Slime to challenge Rolling Stones!
:Tip: What are those? Moving stones? Luckily the Slimes accumulate charges faster! Wait patiently for the perfect opportunity to land!

;(During countdown)
:Some stones have special moving mechanisms and will move back and forth at a constant speed.
:Splish splash! Get more Blob Coins with the Hydro Slime's help~
:[[Xamaran]] seems to have looked out for the lost Hydro Slime somehow...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Stage 3: No One Escapes My Sights!===
{{Dialogue start}}
;Pick your Slime to challenge No One Escapes My Sights!
:Tip: The stones are moving even faster >.<! Perhaps an Anemo Slime can help you seize the perfect moment to bounce~

;(During countdown)
:The stones are moving even faster! Better seize the right moment to bounce!
:A fully-charged Anemo Slime will begin to float and charge again~ It might be your second chance to adjust the timing to bounce~
:People always say this Anemo Slime doesn't look very smart...

;(When Anemo Slime enters the menu screen)
:'''Anemo Slime:''' (Blub~ I'm pleased to join you guys!)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Stage 4: Thorn... to Oblivion===
{{Dialogue start}}
;Pick your Slime to challenge Thorn... to Oblivion!
:Tip: Whoa, look at the thorny stones... A Pyro Slime can deal with them!

;(During countdown)
:Slimes will fall off if they land on thorns.
:A Pyro Slime can burn off the thorns to avoid falling.
:This grumpy Pyro Slime gets angry easily and tends to burn the grass surrounding it from time to time...

;(When Pyro Slime enters the menu screen)
:'''Pyro Slime:''' (Blub! This Bouncing adventure will be a piece of cake!)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Stage 5: Caution, Wet Floor===
{{Dialogue start}}
;Pick your Slime to challenge Caution, Wet Floor!
:Tip: Who would've known a Slime would slip on a puddle of water! But if there is a Cryo Slime that can freeze the water...

;(During countdown)
:Imperfect jumps onto water-stained stones will reward you with fewer points than usual.
:Even landing on water stains, a Cryo Slime will not slip and fall.
:This napping Cryo Slime is always so sleepy... Shhh... Let's not wake it up...

;(When Cryo Slime enters the menu screen)
:'''Cryo Slime:''' (This is a great place... for a nap...) zzZ
{{Dialogue end}}

===Stage 6: Fragile, Handle With Care===
{{Dialogue start}}
;Pick your Slime to challenge Fragile, Handle With Care!
:Tip: Ahhh! The stones are cracking! Stay away from here! Oh? We have a Geo Slime? Alright, guess the crisis is averted now.

;(During countdown)
:If you stay on a stone with cracks for more than 3 seconds, it will crumble...
:With the help of the Geo Slime, stones with cracks won't crumble...
:They say that on the first day of mining in the Underground Mines of The Chasm, some spotted a Geo Slime...

;(When Geo Slime enters the menu screen)
:'''Geo Slime:''' (Blub, yeah. This is a good place!)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Stage 7: I'm Always Watching===
{{Dialogue start}}
;Pick your Slime to challenge I'm Always Watching!
:Tip: It's dark around here. Can't see what is ahead. But it looks like the Electro Slime is not troubled by this at all...

;(During countdown)
:Huh. It's so dark here... We need some light to see the roads ahead...
:I guess lightning can be used to illuminate the darkness... It's just...
:As it is a trusty light source, the Electro Slime is quite popular here...

;(When Electro Slime enters the menu screen)
:'''Electro Slime:''' (Blub... do you want to go on an adventure together?)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Stage 8: Perfect Landing===
{{Dialogue start}}
;Pick your Slime to challenge Perfect Landing!
:Tip: For tiny stones, perhaps a Dendro Slime with its own crosshair can help~

;(During countdown)
:The stones here are even tinier! Be extra careful when you bounce!
:Use the Dendro Slime's crosshair on the Perfect Jump zone and it will change color as a hint! Perfect Jumps are now much easier to achieve!
:Dendro Slimes tend to hide, so don't get discouraged if you can't find any of them~

;(When Dendro Slime enters the menu screen)
:'''Dendro Slime:''' (Blub~ Very delighted to make your acquaintance~)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Infinite Bouncing Mode===
{{Dialogue start}}
;Pick your Slime to challenge Infinite Bouncing!

;(During countdown)
:Playing in Infinite Bouncing Mode will cost more Stamina, but there is a chance to achieve super high scores!
:In Infinite Bouncing Mode, you can obtain up to 400 Blob Coins for each run!
:Levels are getting harder! Keep your spirits up and face the challenges ahead!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Loading Tips==
* The adventure score is the grand total for all jumps. The higher the score, the more Blob Coins you get!
* You can use Blob Coins to exchange for Primogems and other rewards at the Blob Shop!
* Blub! Perfect Jumps will get you higher points!
* No need to flinch from a special mechanic. Turning to a certain Slime may help you overcome the obstacle!
* After you complete a new Level, a new Slime may join you on the adventure!
* Completing all the Levels in the Bouncing Adventure will unlock "Infinite Bouncing" Mode! Time to aim for higher scores and more Blob Coins!
* What is this Hydro Slime doing in The Chasm, you ask? Blub! Who said I lost my way!
* Please note that withdrawing mid-adventure will immediately trigger Score Calculation~