{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Bow.png
|type         = Weapon Types
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Bows''' are one of the five [[weapon]] types that [[characters]] can use in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

==Normal Attacks==
A Bow user's Normal Attack chain consists of 4-6 quick mid-range attacks. The trajectory of Bow Normal Attacks will be fixed once fired, and can miss if the target moves out of its path.

==Charged Attacks==
By holding down the Normal Attack button or clicking the Aiming Mode button, bow users will enter Aiming Mode, in which players can control where the characters aim. Aimed Shots fired in this mode have greater range and increased damage, and will be considered Charged Attack DMG regardless of how long they have been charged.

While in Aiming Mode, the arrow will accumulate an elemental infusion and become fully charged in ~2 seconds (or 1 second for [[Ganyu]]). A Fully-Charged Aimed Shot will deal Elemental DMG.

Hitting the enemy's weak spot with an Aimed Shot automatically guarantees a [[CRIT Hit]], and will deal greater [[Interruption Resistance|poise damage]] and [[knockback]]. A sound will play upon landing one.
* On [[Ruin Machines]], this is on the exposed cores.
* On most [[Mystical Beasts]] and most humanoid enemies ([[Kairagi]], [[Nobushi]], [[Treasure Hoarders]], [[Fatui (Enemies)|Fatui]], etc.), this is directly on the head.
* On certain enemies, the weak point may be protected until the enemy performs certain actions.

Charged shots ''do not'' fire straight forward from the bow; rather, the game draws a line between the bow and the terrain the character is aiming at. The arrow is fired along this plane, but the bow is not aligned with it; thus, when firing at close distances, it can be observed that the arrow does not fly straight.
* Enemies and constructs/objects do not count as terrain. For example, if you were to aim at an enemy, but there was a wall 30m behind them, the arrow would be fired along a line drawn to the wall, not to the enemy.

===Damage Dropoff===
Aimed Shots fired using a bow feature a damage dropoff based on how long an arrow has traveled in the air.

Arrows will travel for '''0.7s''' without experiencing dropoff. After 0.7s:
* For every '''0.05s''' that the arrow travels:
** Its DMG will reduce by '''10%''', up to '''90%'''.
** Its [[Gauge Unit]]s applied will reduce by '''10%''', up to '''90%'''.
* For every '''0.1s''' that the arrow travels:
** Its [[Interruption Resistance/Stagger#Stagger Level|Stagger Level]] will reduce by one level, down to Mute.

Note that damage dropoff exclusively affects Aimed Shots, and does not affect Normal Attacks.

===Charge Levels===
{{Main|Charge Levels}}
Some bow characters have different Aimed Shot Charge Levels.

{{Talents by Category Table|Charge Level Talents&Normal Attacks|collapsed=1}}

===Arrow Infusion===
Fully-Charged arrows can create Elemental Reactions when interacting with the environment. These reactions will consume the elemental aura on the arrow. When fully consumed, these arrows will deal Physical DMG on hit despite being fully charged. For example, it has been observed that:
* Anemo arrows can [[Swirl]] in the rain.
* Pyro arrows can [[Vaporize]] in the rain.
* Hydro arrows can be [[Frozen]] mid-air by Cryo attacks.

==Plunging Attacks==
All Bow users have similar animations when plunging, which involves them striking downward foot-first and unleashing a shower of arrows around them upon striking the ground.

Bow Plunging Attacks are considered non-[[Blunt Attack|Blunt]] melee attacks. Therefore, they are able to deal a limited amount of damage to [[Geo]] objects such as [[Mineral]]s.

==Bow Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Bow Characters|noweapon=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Bow Characters|noweapon=1}}

==List of Bows==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Bows|not1=Unreleased Content}}

==Artifacts==
The following are artifacts that benefit bows.
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Bow Bonus Artifacts}}

==Trivia==
* Compared to other weapons, Bow shots are not as effective at breaking [[Geo Constructs]] such as [[ore]] (including arrows infused with [[Geo]]).
* Bow Aimed Shots count as Charged Attacks and can knockback the frostfruits of the [[Cryo Hypostasis]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Bow
|zhs     = 弓
|zhs_rm  = Gōng
|zht     = 弓
|zht_rm  = Gōng
|zh_tl   = Bow
|ja      = 弓
|ja_rm   = Yumi
|ja_tl   = Bow
|ko      = 활
|ko_rm   = Hwal
|ko_tl   = Bow
|es      = Arco
|es_tl   = Bow
|fr      = Arc
|fr_tl   = Bow
|ru      = Стрелковое оружие
|ru_tl   = Shooting Weapon
|th      = ธนู
|th_rm   = Thanu
|th_tl   = Bow
|vi      = Cung
|vi_tl   = Bow
|de      = Bogen
|de_tl   = Bow
|id      = Bow
|pt      = Arco
|pt_tl   = Bow
|tr      = Yay
|tr_tl   = Bow
|it      = Arco
|it_tl   = Bow
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Navbox|type=Bows|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}

[[Category:Bows| ]]

[[de:Bogen]]
[[es:Arco]]
[[fr:Arcs]]
[[id:Bows]]
[[ja:弓]]
[[pl:Łuk]]
[[pt-br:Arcos]]
[[ru:Стрелковое]]
[[tr:Yaylar]]
[[uk:Лук]]
[[vi:Cung]]