{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Bow.png
|type         = Weapon Types
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Bows''' are one of the five [[weapon]] types that [[characters]] can use in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

Bow attacks are long-ranged, and Charged Attacks can hit enemies from far away. Fully Charged Attacks deal elemental damage based on the wielder's [[Vision]].

__TOC__
==Normal Attacks==
A Bow user's Normal Attack chain consists of 4-6 quick mid-range attacks.

==Charged Attacks==
Bow users can hold and charge their Normal Attacks to enter Aimed Shot mode, in which players can control where the characters aim. This allows for precise, but slow, aiming of attacks, and also increases the range and damage of the shot. After a short delay, the arrow will start to accumulate an [[Elements|elemental]] elemental infusion. This infusion is applied 1 second after energy begins to accumulate.
*Aimed shots that are not fully charged are still considered Charged Attacks. However, they have less [[Interruption Resistance|poise damage]]; small enemies are less likely to be stunned, and enemies that require fully charged shots to stun, like ruin guards and ruin graders, will not be stunned.
*The charged shot seems to follow a parabolic trajectory to simulate the influence [[gravity]].

Hitting the enemy's weak spot automatically counts as a [[Critical Hit]]. A sound will play upon landing one. In most cases, the weak spot is the head, but some enemies like [[Slimes]] do not have a weak spot.
*Some enemies may not reveal their weak spots until certain conditions are met, such as when they perform specific attacks. These are concealed weak spots; hitting them does not count as a weak spot hit.
**This is not the same as a reinforced weakspot, which prevents the enemy from receiving poise damage (they cannot be stunned) but still registers as a critical hit. As an example, [[Ruin Sentinels]] conceal their weakspot, but [[Ruin Grader]]s and [[Ruin Guard]]s use reinforced weak spots.

Charged shots ''do not'' fire straight forward from the bow; rather, the game draws a line between the bow and the terrain the character is aiming at. The arrow is fired along this plane, but the bow is not aligned with it; thus, when firing at close distances, it can be observed that the arrow does not fly straight.
*Enemies and constructs/objects do not count as terrain. For example, if you were to aim at an enemy, but there was a wall 30m behind them, the arrow would be fired along a line drawn to the wall, not to the enemy.

==Damage Dropoff==
The damage of an arrow will decrease the farther away one is to the target, though poise damage will not. <!--Below is a table showing the damage dropoff of arrows.-->As it is extremely difficult to hit targets at range with Normal Attacks, it is unknown if they experience the same damage dropoff as Charged Shots.

==Bow Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Bow Characters|noweapon=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Bow Characters|noweapon=1}}

==List of Bows==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Bows|not1=Unreleased Content}}

==Artifacts==
The following are artifacts that benefit bows.
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Bow Bonus Artifacts}}

==Trivia==
* Compared to other weapons, Bow shots are not as effective at breaking [[Geo Constructs]] such as [[ore]] (including arrows infused with [[Geo]]).
* Bow Aimed Shots count as Charged Attacks and can knockback the frostfruits of the [[Cryo Hypostasis]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Bow
|zhs     = 弓
|zhs_rm  = Gōng
|zht     = 弓
|zht_rm  = Gōng
|zh_tl   = Bow
|ja      = 弓
|ja_rm   = Yumi
|ja_tl   = Bow
|ko      = 활
|ko_rm   = Hwal
|ko_tl   = Bow
|es      = Arco
|es_tl   = Bow
|fr      = Arc
|fr_tl   = Bow
|ru      = Стрелковое оружие
|ru_tl   = Shooting Weapon
|th      = ธนู
|th_rm   = Thanu
|th_tl   = Bow
|vi      = Cung
|vi_tl   = Bow
|de      = Bogen
|de_tl   = Bow
|id      = Bow
|pt      = Arco
|pt_tl   = Bow
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Navbox|type=Bows|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}

[[Category:Bows| ]]

[[uk:Лук]]
[[ru:Стрелковое]]
[[es:Arco]]
[[pt-br:Arcos]]
[[vi:Cung]]