{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Rosa Multiflora Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Rosa Multiflora Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Navia
|ARReq          = 40
|archonQuestReq = [[Chapter IV]]: Act V - [[Masquerade of the Guilty]]
}}
{{Description|Just as flowers bloom and fall and clouds swirl and disperse, so do all things in the world ebb and flow.<br>There will always be those who seek to bask in the glory's glow alone atop the highest peaks, yet languish in the valley of despair, bemoaning fate's unwillingness to realize their desires, even as they finally depart along with their fury.<br>The young girl gifted her blessings to the silhouettes of the past, and with the mutual encouragement of those companions left behind, they embarked together upon the long road towards the distant summits.<br>Just like when Spina di Rosula was first founded.}}
'''Braving the Tides Together''' is the first act of [[Navia]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Rosa Multiflora Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed the {{Quest|Masquerade of the Guilty}} and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40.

During the events of the quest, the [[Traveler]] and Navia discover a plot to destroy [[Poisson]] due to ex-Spina members holding a grudge against her [[Callas|father]].

==List of Quests==
# [[Shimmering Memories]]
# [[Lost and Inherited]]
# [[Yesterday's Tears, Tomorrow's Light]]

==Summary==
;Shimmering Memories
Walking around the [[Court of Fontaine]], the Traveler and Paimon run into Navia, who is busy overseeing Poisson's reconstruction from the flood of the [[Primordial Sea]]. Navia is overwhelmed by the amount of work she has to do without her [[Silver|trusty]] [[Melus|attendants]]. She offers them a ride back to Poisson to show them how the work is going, which they accept. Unfortunately, there is no [[aquabus]] route to Poisson, since most of the town's businesses did not need it, so they take a boat instead. On the way, Navia remarks about what might've changed were her mother still alive, but despite losing both her parents and trusted attendants, is persistent in going on for their sake.

Once they arrive at Poisson, the three are greeted by [[Florent]], who is now handling some of the responsibilities that Melus originally took care of. Florent reveals that as part of the reconstruction, they're trying to get ideas for a statue commemorating Navia and her parents. They decide to take some poses, one of which he remarks evokes memories of times past during the organization's glory days. They are unable to find anything of interest just as someone named [[Colter]] arrives, having been released from the [[Fortress of Meropide]]. Colter, having finished his sentence, is initially unaware of Melus and Silver's deaths or the plot by [[Marcel (Fontaine)|Marcel]] regarding the Primordial Water. 

Heading to a more private area to continue the conversation, Colter is still unable to comprehend their deaths and Marcel's plot to dissolve Navia for his "insane" research. Florent also reveals that after Marcel was exposed, the Confrerie of Cabriere is no more alongside their [[Sinthe]] production. Colter then asks about [[Romeuf]], explaining that in the past, there was a massive dispute between him and Callas over the Aquabus funding, as Romeuf believed that the costs would be better off improving Poisson, while Callas believed that an opportunity with the Court of Fontaine and [[Fontaine Research Institute]] was hard to come by and the aquabus would pay off in the future. Thus, Romeuf took his men and split from the organization on extremely bad terms, which Navia is unsurprised with knowing her father's personality. Colter states that the organization had some good times back then with their advice and [[Clementine]] siding with them, though she supported her husband with the aquabus. 

Navia wonders if they could have negotiated the matter, but Romeuf and his followers took a radical conclusion by believing that when Clementine was pregnant with Navia, she lost the ability to serve as an impartial mediator. After she died, Callas decided to honor her wish and went on with the construction. While Colter remarks that Romeuf and his men are low on funds, he still believes them to be a threat. Navia agrees with his advice, since they don't know about Romeuf's faction. She then offers to take Colter on a walk and also pick up a new uniform, which he agrees to.

As they walk an old path, Colter remarks on the time he spent with Melus using the road to bring goods to and from the city and how the aquabus made it obsolete. Navia decides that they'll take a short break and enjoy the view, taking out a stove to prepare macarons with. However, she has no [[flour]] or [[sugar]], as Melus and Silver would normally handle it, so the Traveler gets some for her. While enjoying the scenery and the macarons, the Traveler hears something from a bush behind them, though they wave it off as a small critter.

;Lost and Inherited
Once they arrive at the city, they head to the store to pick up the uniform from [[Ludivine]]. While she gets the uniform, Paimon asks Navia why [[Adele]] wanted to join the organization, who tells her that she believe it was because her [[Jacques|father's name]] was cleared. The Traveler then realizes someone is tailing them and has Navia follow them, who leaves Colter behind to pick up the uniform.

Chasing the three suspects, the leader of the group, [[Martinat]], decides to fight them. They are quickly overpowered and Navia wonders if they were Romeuf's men. Martinat confirms this and states that she must know why they hate her. When they saw her drinking, they got angered and wanted to mess her day, though they overestimated her. Navia states that she has no intentions of following her father's path and lets them go with a warning, though she privately suspects that they might not honor her request and decides to inform Florent to increase security as a precautionary measure. She also decides that they'll stay at [[Court of Fontaine: Fleuve Cendre|Fleuve Cendre]] for the day.

When they arrive, they enjoy a good meal before the Traveler and Paimon go to sleep, though Navia soon wakes them up to go fishing at the outskirts of the city. There, she reveals some of her childhood to them and how immature she was then. After Melus was injured, she realized that there was always a cost to a mistake, and if she faltered even once, others would pay for her mistakes. She quickly diverts from the subject and talks about how her mother cared for her and thus she wants to give that same kindness to others. Navia then notices the Traveler's fishing rod going off and they end up catching a bunch of fish, though Navia does not since she forgot to put a hook on her line.

Back inside Fleuve Cendre, Martinat tells Colter to stop wasting time as the plan is going to start the next day and he could do whatever he want knowing it.

;Yesterday's Tears, Tomorrow's Light
After a good night of sleep, the four head back to Poisson, where they meet up with Adele and [[Coralie]]. Coralie thanks the three for clearing her husband's name and saving Fontaine, while Adele is surprised to see a Spina di Rosula uniform for her, though notices that it's too tall for her. Navia tells her that it's a promise that she can join when she grows old enough, which she's delighted to learn. Suddenly, Florent comes in and informs her that Romeuf and his men arrived outside the town with explosives. Having received her letter, Florent tried to check in on them but discovered they had all left their posts before they could investigate. He also discovers that they intended to bomb the Clementine Line, which would cause the rubble to destroy Poisson. Navia tasks the Traveler with handling the explosives. As she begins the evacuation process, Colter tries to assassinate her, but Florent stops his attempt. 

Navia is shocked by his betrayal and wonders if he was with Romeuf, though he states that his only issue was with her, believing that she had destroyed everything that the organization meant and would not mind dying if it meant she did too. When he was sent to the Fortress of Meropide, he had a falling out with Melus, believing that he had lost his ability to think in return for loyalty. However, he came to the realization that he was wrong and wanted to apologize to him, but became angered upon learning that he had died when he was released. Adele defends her, while Florent tells him that Melus would be disappointed in his actions. He urges her to leave, but Navia decides to show her trust and love in the organization, subduing Colter and his subordinates. Navia then tells Florent to handle the evacuation and apprehend any remaining accomplices, as she needs to help the Traveler.

The Traveler and Paimon find and disable one set of explosives, but are too late to stop another set from going off, resulting in large chunks hurling towards Poisson. Fortunately, Navia arrives and stops the attack, just as the [[Maison Gardiennage]] arrive and apprehend Romeuf and his followers. [[Esmond]] asks her if she wishes to privately handle the matter with them as they were ex-Spina members, but she refuses, believing that they're no longer worth talking to for trying to endanger innocent civilians and lets them prosecute them to the fullest extent of the law with no objections. Florent arrives and informs her that all the infiltrators were apprehended and thus they shouldn't have any more issues, as Romeuf had put everything on the table for the operation. A member of the Gardes then brings Colter to Navia. She sympathizes with his plight and states that while the old days are gone, she is still looking towards the future and decides that she'll try to implement the aquabus system to Poisson. Colter finally understands her and there are many situations out of their control. Navia decides to dismiss Colter as a Spina member, but tells him that he's welcome to return to Poisson when he's released.

As Colter is taken away, Florent remarks on her kindness, while she in turn remarks that she's also unlucky. She reveals that she was worried about the Clementine Line, as she did not want to lose another link to her parents. Due to using too much elemental energy, she gets too tired, so the Traveler helps her; she asks them if they see her as their partner, which they confirm. Taking a short break, Navia remarks about the sacrifices made by her parents and friends, wondering if her existence made the world a better place. Paimon tells her that they'll support her no matter what, while Florent reveals that he has something to show her. Navia initially believes it to be a shocking revelation, though he tells her that it's a pleasant one.

Returning to Poisson, they head to the boat where Navia is surprised to see several people waiting for her. Florent reveals that while the statue hadn't been made yet, he wanted to show her the design to lift her spirits up. The planned design features Navia and her parents, who Florent and the others had planned long ago. While Navia is still young, everyone agrees that she's been working tirelessly for their sake and they're here for her and not the "glory days" of times past. Navia is humbled by their generosity and the fact that she would be standing next to her mother.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Braving the Tides Together
|zhs     = 共渡潮落
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 共渡潮落
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 引き潮を乗り越えて
|ja_rm   = Hikishio wo Norikoete
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 함께 파도를 헤치며
|ko_tl   = Plowing Through the Waves Together
|es      = Juntos sobre las olas
|es_tl   = Together Upon the Waves
|fr      = Ensemble contre les marées
|fr_tl   = Together Against the Tides
|ru      = Вместе преодолевая приливы
|ru_tl   = Overcoming the Tides Together
|th      = ร่วมฟันฝ่ากระแสคลื่น
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cùng Vượt Thủy Triều
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gemeinsam den Gezeiten trotzen
|de_tl   = Braving the Tides Together	
|id      = Lewati Ombak Bersama
|id_tl   = Get Through the Waves Together
|pt      = Enfrentando Juntos a Maré
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Dalgalara Birlikte Göğüs Germek
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Affrontando insieme le maree
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

[[es:Juntos sobre las olas]]
[[vi:Cùng Vượt Thủy Triều]]