{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70530
|image         = Breezy Snapshots.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Windblume's Breath
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|A Gathering of Outlanders|showType=0}}
|characters    = Fassben; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Cider Lake]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Cider Lake
|next          = 
|rewards       = Windblume Kamera*1;Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Windblume's Breath/Breezy Snapshots|Breezy Snapshots]] subevent.
|voiced        = 
}}
'''''Breezy Snapshots''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Windblume's Breath]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Mondstadt]]'s side gate to look for [[Fassben]]
# Talk to Fassben

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Fassben of the Adventurers' Guild seems to be busy with something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Fassben)
:'''Fassben:''' Traveler! Traveler, please wait!
:{{DIcon}} What event have you got going on here?
:'''Fassben:''' An event? No, no, I have neither the energy nor ability for something like that.
:'''Fassben:''' I'm merely someone interested in photo-taking. I even had someone get me a Kamera and took a great many pictures with it.
:'''Fassben:''' The people at the Guild seemed to really like the pictures I took. Cyrus even said that we could turn them into books and give them out as souvenirs.
:'''Fassben:''' And well, you know what? Since it's Windblume Festival, Cyrus requested that I go around Mondstadt and take various pictures related to the festival.
:'''Fassben:''' He's planning on putting them together into a commemorative album to be given out to the adventurers in the Guild as mementos.
:'''Fassben:''' But... Mondstadt's a big place with lots of photo-taking spots, and I'm just one person...
:'''Fassben:''' The other adventurers are also out on their own errands and won't have any time to help.
:'''Fassben:''' I know that a festival isn't really the right time to be asking around for help... but please, Traveler! I've heard that you're a dab hand at the Kamera, so please, help me out!
:{{DIcon}} Well, I do know a thing or two...
::'''Fassben:''' Phew, alright, that's a relief. So the rumors are true then...
:{{DIcon}} Where'd you hear that about me?
::'''Fassben:''' Well, some other adventurers in the Guild told me so. There's quite a few Kamera enthusiasts amongst them.
::'''Fassben:''' We've even been thinking of starting a Kamera Club, but we're not sure if Cyrus would approve...
:'''Fassben:''' Anyway, Traveler, in that case, allow me to formally request your help in going around Mondstadt to take pictures using your Kamera.
:'''Fassben:''' Ah, yes, why don't you use this Kamera to take your photos? I maintain it regularly, so it runs very smoothly.
:'''Fassben:''' I mean, it takes a good Kamera to take good pictures, wouldn't you say?
:'''Fassben:''' I'll be counting on you, then. The pictures just need to be related to the Windblume Festival. Otherwise, there are no particular restrictions on their content!
:'''Fassben:''' As for the reward, you don't need to worry. I'll follow the usual Guild regulations. You won't be working for free!
:'''Fassben:''' Now, I'll need to sort the pictures here into categories...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Breezy Snapshots
|zhs     = 风物留影
|zhs_rm  = Fēngwù Liúyǐng
|zht     = 風物留影
|zht_rm  = Fēngwù Liúyǐng
|zh_tl   = Scenery Photograph
|ja      = 風吹きのスナップ
|ja_rm   = Kaze Fuki no Sunappu
|ja_tl   = Snapshots of the Blowing Wind
|ko      = 바람을 담은 사진
|ko_tl   = Photograph With the Wind
|es      = Imágenes paisajísticas
|es_tl   = Landscape Images
|fr      = Photos de brise
|fr_tl   = Breeze Pictures
|ru      = Ветреные снимки
|ru_tl   = Windy Photos
|th      = ภาพถ่ายสายลม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chụp Ảnh Trong Gió
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Festliche Schnappschüsse
|de_tl   = Festive Snapshots
|id      = Potret Angin Semilir
|id_tl   = Breezy Wind Portrait
|pt      = Fotos ao Vento
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Havalı Şipşak
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Foto istantanee nel vento
|it_tl   = Snapshots in the wind
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

[[es:Imágenes paisajísticas (misión)]]
[[pt-br:Fotos ao Vento]]
[[ru:Ветреные снимки]]