{{Event
|name              = Breezy Snapshots Photo Event
|image             = Breezy Snapshots Photo Event.jpg
|type              = Web
|group             = Fanart
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-03-03 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-03-17 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/16731227
}}

'''Breezy Snapshots Photo Event''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.5]].

The [[Windblume's Breath|Windblume Festival]]'s here again! Have you been enjoying yourself during this festival season?

I heard that to celebrate this year's Windblume Festival, you have picked up your [[Kamera]]s and captured quite some breathtaking moments.

Care to share those precious pictures with us? Participants will also have the opportunity to win [[Primogem]] rewards prepared by yours truly!

==Event Duration==
* March 3, 2023 – March 17, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results: The list of winners will be announced in this event post on March 30.

==How to Participate==
Share the photos you took during the "Breezy Snapshots" event in the comment section of this post and give other Travelers your Windblume blessings.

The more stunning the photos, the higher the chances of winning!

==Event Rewards==
* The 100 most impressive participants will be gifted {{Item|Primogem|x=100}} each.

==Event Notes==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner hides or deletes the post of the winning work, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one prize during the event.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

[[pt-br:Concurso de Fotografias "Fotos ao Vento"]]