{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Brest.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Fontaine Research Institute
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Brest''' is an event-exclusive NPC that appears in the Event [[Spino Doubleblaster]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Brest:''' Ready to experience the joy of the Crococannon?
:{{DIcon|Spino Doubleblaster}} More than ready, it's bubbleball time!
::'''Brest:''' Great, have fun!
:{{DIcon}} About your old job...
::'''Brest:''' As I said before, I was a naval artillery engineer. Not to brag, but I was one of the top three engineers on the team!
::'''Paimon:''' Top three! Wow, you're amazing!
::'''Brest:''' Hehe, though at that time our team only had three engineers.
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, wouldn't that make you the worst?
::'''Brest:''' Th&mdash;Though my skills were pretty average, I was really lucky! I never had a single accident at work, and I even managed to avoid that huge explosion.
::'''Brest:''' And when I was feeling utterly lost, I suddenly came across Monsieur [[Chatillon]]'s blueprints.
::'''Brest:''' It gave me the chance to not only create and spread happiness for other people, but also allowed me to run into the best of partners! I have to say, I really am fortunate!
::{{DIcon}} You really are fortunate.
::{{DIcon}} True, we really are the best.
:::'''Paimon:''' Hey, the point is her good luck!
::'''Brest:''' Hehe, that's right! Since I'm this lucky, I believe that as long as I try my best, good things are bound to happen! Building a water park will be a cinch!
::{{DIcon}} You can't rely only on luck...
:::'''Brest:''' That's true, opening a water park isn't that easy. Funding, brand awareness, and a ton more... you can't drop the ball on any of them.
:::'''Brest:''' But I've already taken all that into consideration! I have faith that as long as the Crococannon can target the entertainment equipment market and let loose, everything will get better!
:::'''Brest:''' Naturally, the first and most important step is to promote the Crococannon! So, please have fun playing with it!
::{{DIcon}} Hope it goes well.
:::'''Paimon:''' Don't give up, Ms. Brest! Paimon believes in you!
:{{DIcon}} About Chatillon...
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, have you ever met Mr. Chatillon? How is he?
::'''Brest:''' Regrettably, I never got the chance to meet him. After all, he passed away long before I was born...
::'''Paimon:''' So Mr. Chatillon is already...
::'''Brest:''' But I'm positive he must've lived a very happy life! After all, the words in his design documents are filled with hope and strength.
::'''Brest:''' "In the past, I used cannons to fight external enemies. Now, I use them to destroy my sorrows. Peace is hard-won, and only by picking ourselves up and being happy do we honor the sacrifice of those who died..."
::'''Brest:''' I was so inspired by his words that I immediately resolved to carry on his will, and restarted the "Crococannon" project.
::'''Paimon:''' If Mr. Chatillon knew, he'd definitely be really proud of you!
::'''Brest:''' Hehe, then for Monsieur Chatillon, for picking ourselves up and being happy, please, continue to operate the Crococannon, and have fun to your heart's content!
:{{DIcon}} We'll be back later.
::'''Brest:''' No problem, I'll be around here for some time, so come back whenever you'd like!
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*{{w|Brest, France|Brest}} is a commune in Western France.
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en   = Brest
|zhs  = 布蕾斯特
|zht  = 布蕾斯特
|ja   = ブレスト
|ko   = 브레스트
|es   = Brest
|fr   = Brest
|ru   = Брест
|th   = Brest
|vi   = Brest
|de   = Brest
|id   = Brest
|pt   = Brest
|tr   = Brest
|it   = Brest
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->