{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Bresson.png
|realname         = Bresson Cartier
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = 
|affiliation      = Adventurers' Guild
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Bresson Cartier''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the Event [[Studies in Light and Shadow: A Fontaine of Enchantment]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
<!--
==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

==Appearance==
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Bresson:''' You're back. Is there something you'd like to ask me?
:{{DIcon}} Who are you, again?
::'''Bresson:''' Me? I am a member of the Fontaine Adventurers' Guild, and I am also a card-carrying member of the Kamera Club.
::'''Bresson:''' However, the people of the Club always say that the quality of the photo depends on the skill of the one taking it.
::'''Bresson:''' I've heard that some people even intentionally use outdated Kameras to take photos in order to hone their skills... That just seems like looking for trouble to me.
::'''Bresson:''' I, on the other hand, believe that better equipment takes better photos.
::'''Bresson:''' And they say I don't understand artistry... Hmph. Well, I for my part say they don't understand photography!
::'''Bresson:''' But they'll understand someday &mdash; you mark my words! Engineering is the key! Engineering!
:{{DIcon}} Why won't you go diving?
::'''Bresson:''' Well... You know how some people don't like to eat mushrooms, and how others might throw up when eating fish? That's just the thing &mdash; everyone's body is different.
::'''Bresson:''' I can't take the dark environment underwater &mdash; why, I grow breathless if I remain in there for too long.
::'''Bresson:''' Sometimes I feel my limbs tingle, my head spin, and then... Before I realized it, the Kamera would've slipped from my hand...
::'''Bresson:''' I have been loath to go underwater ever since losing my fifth Kamera this way...
:{{DIcon}} See you.
::'''Bresson:''' Then I'll leave the photo-taking to you. In the meantime, I'll be on the shore.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The name Bresson Cartier is likely a reference to the French photographer {{w|Henri Cartier-Bresson}}, known for his candid photography and use of 35mm film.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Bresson Cartier
|zhs     = 布列松・卡蒂
|zhs_rm  = Bùlièsōng Kǎdì
|zht     = 布列松・卡蒂
|zht_rm  = Bùlièsōng Kǎdì
|ja      = ブレッソン・カティ
|ja_rm   = Buresson Kati
|ko      = 브레송<・: >까뜨리에
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Bresson Cartier
|fr      = Bresson Cartier
|ru      = Брессон <!--no last name-->
|th      = Bresson Cartier
|vi      = Bresson Cartier
|de      = Bresson Cartier
|id      = Bresson Cartier
|pt      = Bresson Cartier
|tr      = Bresson Cartier
|it      = Bresson Cartier
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->
[[pt-br:Bresson]]
[[vi:Bresson]]