{{Event
|name              = Brewing Developments Screenshot Event
|image             = Brewing Developments Screenshot Event.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-04-14 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-04-24 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/17692271
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>The "[[Brewing Developments]]" event has begun. In this event, the Traveler has received a request for aid from Hajanad, a student from the Sumeru Akademiya. Head to the Brewing Developments Domain and help Hajanad complete research on her Shock-Boiled Brews! Starting from April 24, sharing screenshots and Battle Chronicles of Brewing Developments on HoYoLAB will offer you a chance to claim Primogems!}}
'''Brewing Developments Screenshot Event''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.6]].

==Event Duration==
April 14 – April 24, 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
The list of winners will be announced in this post after May 1.

==How to Participate==
Share screenshots of your Battle Chronicle in any stage of the "Brewing Developments" event in the comments section and your participation will have been deemed successful. Comments on other replies to this post (instead of directly replying to the post itself) will not be counted. To use the Battle Chronicles tool, please head to: https://hoyo.link/f117CBAd.

I will randomly select 60 Travelers with high scores among the participants to gift them each Primogems ×100.

==Event Rewards==
Primogems ×100 (60 winners)

==Note==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner deletes the comment, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one prize during the event.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}