{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70713; 70713
|image         = NPC Brook Thumb.png
|type          = Request
|region        = Mondstadt
|description   = [[Springvale]]'s [[Brook]] requires six servings of [[Fowl]]/[[Raw Meat]].
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Brook; Traveler
|rep           = Mondstadt
|mora          = 20,000
}}
'''Brook the Carnivore''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
# Give [[Brook]] six servings of [[Fowl]]/[[Raw Meat]]
#* Either item can be the objective of the request.

==Request Details==
===Fowl Request===
Help Required:<br />
I'm currently researching a new meat dish, but I'm running out of ingredients fast...<br />
Other than raw meat, I also need more Fowl.<br />
If anyone's willing, please bring me {{Color|buzzword|six servings of Fowl}}.

===Raw Meat Request===
Help Needed:<br />
Do you love eating meat? I know I do!<br />
I'd like to invent an all-new meat dish to spread the love of meat to all my customers.<br />
To that end, I need lots of meat to perform all sorts of experiments.<br />
If anyone's up for it, bring me {{Color|buzzword|six servings of Raw Meat}}.

==Dialogue==
===Fowl Request===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(While talking to Brook)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Do you need some Fowl?
:'''Brook:''' I guess you saw my commission, huh? Well, you're just in time.
:'''Brook:''' Do you have those six servings of Fowl?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here they are.
:;(After giving the Fowl)
::'''Brook:''' The quality of these meats is quite good...
::'''Brook:''' Thank you. Here, take these.
::'''Brook:''' Come on over when I'm done with my research &mdash; you'll be the first to try my new dish, I promise.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
::'''Brook:''' Well, I'll be making some food, so do bring them me once you've got them all.
{{Dialogue end}}
===Raw Meat Request===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(While talking to Brook)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Do you need some Raw Meat?
:'''Brook:''' Oh, you must have seen that commission of mine.
:'''Brook:''' Well, do you have six servings of Raw Meat with you?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Of course.
:;(After giving the Raw Meat)
::'''Brook:''' Oh my, these cuts are very good indeed.
::'''Brook:''' Thank you very much for your help. Here's a little something in return.
::'''Brook:''' Come on over when I'm done with my research &mdash; you'll be the first to try my new dish, I promise.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
::'''Brook:''' Well, I'll need them to research new recipes, so please pass them to me once you've gathered them all.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Brook the Carnivore
|zhs     = 肉食者，布洛克
|zhs_rm  = Ròushí Zhě, Bùluòkè
|zht     = 肉食者，布洛克
|zht_rm  = Ròushí Zhě, Bùluòkè
|zh_tl   = Carnivore, Brook
|ja      = カーニズム、ブロック
|ja_rm   = Kaanizumu, Burokku
|ja_tl   = Carnism, Brook
|ko      = 육식 애호가 브룩
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Brook, la amante de la carne
|es_tl   = Brook ,the Meat Lover
|fr      = Brooke, l'experte en viande
|fr_tl   = Brook, the Meat Expert
|ru      = Мясоеды и Брук
|ru_tl   = Meat Eaters and Brooke
|th      = Brook นักกินเนื้อ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Brook, người theo chủ nghĩa ăn thịt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Brook die Fleischfresserin
|de_tl   = Brook the Meat Eater
|id      = Brook si Karnivora
|id_tl   = Brook the Carnivore
|pt      = Brook, a Amante de Carne
|pt_tl   = Brook, the Meat Lover
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[pt-br:Brook, a Amante de Carne]]