{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74651
|image         = Bruneau Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Palais Mermonia]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Palais Mermonia
|characters    = Bruneau; Traveler
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Fontaine
}}
'''''Bruneau's Flower Request''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
# Give five [[Rainbow Rose]]s to Bruneau

==Request Details==
"Tales of Humanity":<br><!--
-->Surely nobody in this world hates flowers?<br><!--
-->No matter the circumstances, there's nothing so life-affirming as the sight of a pretty flower.<br><!--
-->It's such a pity that my work schedule means I haven't got time to buy a bouquet in the morning.<br><!--
-->It would be so nice if someone could gift me a bunch of {{color|buzzword|Rainbow Roses}}... I only need 5!<br><!--
-->Loyal reader of The Steambird, Bruneau

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Bruneau requires 5 Rainbow Roses.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Rainbow Roses...
:'''Bruneau:''' That's right, I did submit a request, hoping someone would gift me a bouquet of Rainbow Roses.
:'''Bruneau:''' Are you here to help me fulfill my wish? Any flowers you bring are certain to be absolutely breathtaking.
:{{DIcon}} Rainbow Roses are ready.
::'''Bruneau:''' Amazing! Thank you! A beautiful, fresh bouquet of flowers brings one confidence in life. May you have the most wonderful of days!
:{{DIcon}} Please wait a moment.
::'''Bruneau:''' A moment? I could wait a lifetime! You are willing to help me achieve my wish, and I thank you most sincerely.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Bruneau's Flower Request
|zhs     = 布吕诺的鲜花需求
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 布呂諾的鮮花需求
|zht_rm  = 
|ja      = ブリュノーの花のリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Buryuunoo no Hana no Rikuesuto
|ko      = 브뤼노의 꽃 의뢰
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Flores frescas para Bruneau
|fr      = Des roses pour Bruneau
|ru      = Цветы для Бруно
|th      = คำขอดอกไม้สดของ Bruneau
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Yêu Cầu Về Hoa Tươi Của Bruneau
|de      = Bruneaus Bitte um Blumen
|id      = Permintaan Bunga Bruneau
|pt      = Pedido de Flor de Bruneau
|tr      = Bruneau'nun Çiçek İsteği
|it      = Fiori per Bruneau
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

[[es:Flores frescas para Bruneau]]
[[ja:ブリュノーの花のリクエスト]]