{{About|the event quest|the event challenge|Invitation of Windblume/Festive Challenges#Bullseye Balloons{{!}}Festive Challenges}}
{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Bullseye Balloons
|id            = 70657
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Invitation of Windblume
|requirement   = Complete [[Ode to Flower and Cloud]]
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|characters    = Lizzie; Traveler
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
}}
'''''Bullseye Balloons''''' is a quest in [[Invitation of Windblume]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Lizzie]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|During the Windblume Festival, the area around Mondstadt will play host to all sorts of interesting activities. The Knights of Favonius' Lizzie would like to introduce you to one of the highlights of this event &mdash; "Bullseye Balloons."}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Lizzie)
:'''Lizzie:''' Hello, I'm Lizzie of the Knights of Favonius. I'm sure you've heard this already, but Mondstadt holds all kinds of fun activities during the Windblume Festival!
:{{DIcon}} Rings a bell...
:{{DIcon}} First I've heard of it.
:'''Lizzie:''' I'm in charge of receiving all guests coming to Mondstadt in order to assure that everyone can get the most fun out of this festival!
:'''Lizzie:''' Because some festival events take place outside of the city walls, someone needs to introduce all the available activities to the visitors. It'd be a shame if they missed the abundance of wonderful games that we've prepared.
:'''Lizzie:''' Now, allow me to wholeheartedly recommend our "Bullseye Balloons"!
:'''Lizzie:''' The name itself is pretty self-explanatory, isn't it? Shoot the targets as quickly and as accurately as you can to reach a high score.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds enticing.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds quite challenging.
:'''Lizzie:''' No worries, let me mark the location for you. You won't know unless you try it yourself.
:'''Lizzie:''' Besides, based on your score, you can win valuable rewards! No matter if you are a casual player or a perfectionist, it's fun all the same!
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't say no to that.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you for your explanation.
:'''Lizzie:''' Sure, you should definitely try it! If you want to learn more about other fun events, come find me!
:'''Lizzie:''' Have fun!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Gameplay Tutorial==
During the Windblume Festival, corresponding event billboards will display the challenge locations for Bullseye Balloons.<br />Once the challenge has begun, participants must accumulate points by '''shooting the right balloons down in succession'''. Only '''Normal and Charged Attacks''' can be used to shoot these balloons down (Aimed Shots are counted as Charged Attacks). '''The challenge will end once time runs out.'''

Different balloons will produce different effects when hit. The green Bloom Balloon will award points, while the orange Bouquet Balloons will provide a large number of points. Aside from this, the Celebration Balloons will '''explode and destroy surrounding balloons''' when popped, while the similar-looking Heartbreak Balloons will '''deduct points''' when popped. Hit multiple balloons in a short period of time to accumulate Combo, which will increase the number of points awarded for each hit. Hitting a Heartbreak Balloon will interrupt your current combo.

You can also enter Bullseye Balloons with friends in Co-Op sessions to test your shooting skills against each other.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Bullseye Balloons
|zhs     = 百发百中
|zhs_rm  = Bǎifābǎizhòng
|zht     = 百發百中
|zht_rm  = Bǎifābǎizhòng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 百発百中
|ja_rm   = Hyappatsu-Hyakuchuu
|ja_tl   = Always Hitting the Bullseye
|ko      = 백발백중
|ko_rm   = Baekbalbaekjung
|ko_tl   = Perfect Marksmanship
|es      = Tiro al blanco
|es_tl   = Target Shooting
|fr      = Dans le mille
|fr_tl   = In the Bullseye
|ru      = Прямо в яблочко
|ru_tl   = Right into Apple
|th      = ลูกโป่งหรรษา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bách Phát Bách Trúng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Jeder Schuss ein Treffer
|de_tl   = Every Shot Is A Hit
|id      = Sang Penembak Jitu
|id_tl   = The Sharpshooter
|pt      = Mira Certeira
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[pt-br:Mira Certeira]]
[[ja:百発百中]]