{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70540
|image         = <!-- Event Quest Bulle Fruit-Hued Interloper.png -->
|type          = World
|event_name    = Feline Fortress Furrdyssey
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Rosaria; Sir Pouncelot; Traveler; Valerina
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|poi           = Furball Fortress
|subarea       = 
|prev          = Furball Fortress's Frightful Fix!
|next          = Sir Pouncelot Joins the Lot!
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*3
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Bulle Fruit-Hued Interloper!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Feline Fortress Furrdyssey]] Event.

==Steps==
# Wait till 08:00 &ndash; 12:00 the next day
# Go to the [[Furball Fortress]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A certain special guest suddenly arrives at the Furball Fortress a short while into its trial operations, leaving Valerina in a panic...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Throne of Meower in the Furball Fortress after passing time)
:'''Big Ferocious Cat:''' *hiss*
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 valerina 01.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' *whimper*... The cat is hissing at me, Miss Rosaria! I'm scared!
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' You should probably give him some space. Get too close, and all that swatting might catch you in the face.
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh oh, seems like Valerina has run into some more cat-sized trouble...
:{{DIcon}} Looks like the shelter has a new stray...
:{{DIcon}} There's something almost... dignified about him...
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 valerina 02.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' Honorary Knight! Cat Whisperer! This big cat just barged in here after [[Snowball]]! He must have spotted her when she went out for a walk and followed her all the way back here...
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 rosaria 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Easy, easy. No one's going to hurt you here.
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 rosaria 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' All those evil things, all those bad people who forced you to do whatever it took to survive... They can't find you here. You're safe within these walls.
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 rosaria 04.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' You're surrounded by good people now. Their constant hovering might get a little annoying, but it's all for your own good. Just relax. A life of leisure isn't a bad thing, you know. You just have to get used to it.
:'''Big Ferocious Cat:''' *hiss*... *whimper*
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 valerina 03.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' H&mdash;He understood all that?
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 rosaria 05.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Looks like it worked. Hah, smart cat.
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woah, this cat is waaay bigger than the others. His coloring looks like fresh-squeezed [[Bulle Fruit]] juice! And he's wearing a scarf too! Huh, looks like there's some sort of design on it... Oh! It's the symbol of the [[Knights of Favonius]]!
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He deserves a name fit for a knight, then! Hmm, he's pretty feisty. How about "[[Sir Pouncelot]]"?
:'''Sir Pouncelot:''' Meow!
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 rosaria 06.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' You really do have a way with cats. He looks way more at ease now.
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks you deserves to take the credit this time. Sir Pouncelot seemed to calm right down after everything you said to him!
:{{DIcon}} You're getting much better with them, Rosaria!
:{{DIcon}} Hopefully you're finding this gig a bit more fun, too!
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 rosaria 07.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' It doesn't matter to me either way. Although... The fact that they're cute doesn't hurt.
:{{A|vo mkeq002b 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon show you how to put Sir Pouncelot completely at ease! Paimon just needs to work a bit more of her magic, and he'll be as happy as can be!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Bulle Fruit-Hued Interloper!
|zhs      = 泡泡桔色的不速之客！
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 泡泡桔色的不速之客！
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = バブルオレンジ色の招かれざる客！
|ja_rm    = Baburu Orenji Iro no Manekarezaru Kyaku!
|ja_tl    = {{Lex|Bulle Fruit|ja}}-Hued Uninvited Guest!
|ko       = 풍선귤색의 불청객!
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¡Burburanja felina al ataque!
|es_tl    = Bubble Orange Feline on the Attack!
|fr       = Un intrus aux teintes d'un fruit bullé !
|fr_tl    = A {{Lex|Bulle Fruit|fr}}-Hued Interloper!
|ru       = Незваный гость цвета пузырина!
|ru_tl    = {{Lex|Bulle Fruit|ru}}-Colored Uninvited Guest!
|th       = แขกไม่ได้รับเชิญสี Bulle Fruit!
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Trái Bulle Không Mời Mà Đến!
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ungebetener mandarinenfarbener Gast!
|de_tl    = Uninvited Tangerine-Hued Guest!
|id       = Tamu Tak Diundang Sewarna Bulle Fruit
|id_tl    = Bulle Fruit-Colored Uninvited Guest 
|pt       = Intruso Cor de Fruta Bulle
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Bulle Meyvesi Renginde Bir Davetsiz Misafir!
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Intruso color Bulle!
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

[[pt-br:Intruso Cor de Fruta Bulle]]
[[ru:Незваный гость цвета пузырина!]]