{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19132
|image         = Hangout Event Business as Usual.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Ningguang
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requiement    = 
|prev          = The Jade Chamber Once More
|next          = Auction Games
|next2         = Exchanging Intelligence
|characters    = Hongru;Lanyang;Luo Qiao;Ningguang;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Business as Usual''''' is a quest in {{Quest|The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest}}.

==Steps==
# Wait until the following day (07:00&ndash;08:00)
# Wake Ningguang up
# Talk to Ningguang
# Have breakfast together with Ningguang
# Look for [[Lanyang]] to get the tailored clothes
# Give the tailored clothes to Ningguang
# Go to [[Liuli Pavilion]] for the banquet
#* Tell Ningguang not to worry about her capable secretaries. Proceed to [[Exchanging Intelligence]].
#* Offer to go and check up on her secretaries. Proceed to [[Auction Games]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|According to the schedule, the first thing you need to do is wake Ningguang up...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After knocking on the door)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, I'm already awake.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I'll be out in a moment. I'm just changing.
----
;(Ningguang comes out of her room)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Good morning. Did you sleep well?
:{{DIcon}} I was so excited I couldn't sleep.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Oh, how strange &mdash; me too! ...I'm joking, of course &mdash; I slept like a baby. Sorry to disappoint you.
:{{DIcon}} The same as usual.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That's good. I was worried you'd be a little uncomfortable.
:{{DIcon}} I was a little nervous.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' There's nothing to worry about. We just need to go through the schedule you made and tick the items off one by one.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Now then. The schedule. Let's see what you have for me today.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Item 1... Lunch at Liuli Pavilion with Ms. Luo Qiao.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Ah yes, I remember the invitation. I need to make sure I'm well-prepared for this.
:{{DIcon}} Is she a friend of yours?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' No. Someone I've never met before. Today's lunch will be our first time meeting each other.
:{{DIcon}} It's just lunch, what exactly do you need to prepare?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hehe, she's paying a high price for my time, and I intend to make sure she gets her money's worth.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Otherwise... tens of millions of Mora is rather a high price for lunch, even one at Liuli Pavilion &mdash; wouldn't you say?
:{{DIcon}} ...Tens of millions!?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That's right. Even at this price, there is no shortage of people willing to pay for a lunch opportunity with me.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' To be clear, I've never had any hand in setting the price. I, too, was rather surprised to see it become so expensive.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Time is very valuable to me. So when I first came up with the idea, I made a rule that my time would go to the highest bidder.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 16.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Gradually, it developed into a lucrative business.
:{{DIcon}} It's like... an investment.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 17.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, that sums it up very well. Most people looking to buy my time are businesspeople who believe that whatever they spend now, they will make back several times over in due course.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 18.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Naturally, for anyone looking to make a profit in a complex market, the bottom line is having the requisite experience and expertise. All I can do for them is share whatever insight I may have.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 19.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' As for how much my insight is worth in terms of Mora, everyone has their own idea. There is no standardized way to measure something like this.
:{{DIcon}} So this is how rich people think.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 20.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You are a very lucky person, you know. You get to sit in on this lunch for free.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 21.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' In the hands of a professional businessperson, the kind of information you will be exposed to would be worth... well, tens of millions of Mora.
:{{DIcon}} Then I will listen and learn.
:{{DIcon}} Then this could be literally the most valuable lesson I'll learn in my life.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913201 ningguang 22.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' There's no need to be nervous, of course. Now, let's have some breakfast before we leave.
----
;(Talk to Ningguang)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Did you organize this entire breakfast?
:{{DIcon}} I just picked the time slot.
:{{DIcon}} I think maybe Baishi arranged it yesterday...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Haha. I know what's going on, then.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Please, sit. Have a taste of the Jade Chamber chef's cooking. This kind of food tastes far less satisfying if left out for too long.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{Black Screen|''You and Ningguang enjoy a fine breakfast.''}}
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' What do you think? Is the food to your liking?
:{{DIcon}} I ate so much more than I intended to...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hehe. Don't forget we have a lunch later. Save some space, or you might miss out on some even better food.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Still, I'm happy to see that you approve of my culinary tastes.
:{{DIcon}} Do you usually eat breakfast with your secretaries?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' On occasion. Usually, everyone is too busy for a leisurely sit-down meal. There is an awful lot to get done most of the time.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Breakfast also isn't usually so lavish. Hence my surprise when we got here.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I actually thought you had cooked it all yourself...
:{{DIcon}} I mean, I'm not a terrible chef, but still...
:{{DIcon}} I don't know if my cooking is really to your tastes.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Relax, I'm just joking. Baishi probably made arrangements yesterday to add a few extra dishes to the breakfast menu.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You willingly took this work on, knowing that it would be tedious, and you have worked diligently. My secretaries and I are very grateful to you.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Treating you to some food is but a small token of our appreciation.
:{{DIcon}} Mmm. Not bad, not bad at all.
:{{DIcon}} It was as good as Xinyue Kiosk and Liuli Pavilion.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Breakfast sets the tone for the rest of the day. You can't compromise on it.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If you wake up to the same monotonous meal each day, you will start to feel fatigued even before you start working.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Well, I'm done eating. We should get ready, then head off to Liuli Pavilion.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 16.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I have some preparations to make first. Could you bring my clothes to my room, please?
:{{DIcon}} You need a change of clothes?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 17.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I need a change of mood, and a change of clothes will facilitate that.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 18.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Who knows, perhaps you will have a completely different impression of me after I change outfits.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 19.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I already instructed Lanyang to have my outfit ready. You can fetch it from her.
:{{DIcon}} Understood.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913202 ningguang 20.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Thank you. I'll be in my room.
----
;(Look for Lanyang to get the tailored clothes)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 lanyang 01.ogg}} '''Lanyang:''' Hello, how may I help?
:{{DIcon}} I'm here to fetch a change of clothes for Ningguang.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 lanyang 02.ogg}} '''Lanyang:''' Ah yes, of course. Please wait a moment, I'll go and get them.
:{{Black Screen|''After a long wait, Lanyang finally returns.''}}
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 lanyang 03.ogg}} '''Lanyang:''' Here you are. Please give this to Lady Ningguang.
:{{DIcon}} That seemed to take you a while.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 lanyang 04.ogg}} '''Lanyang:''' Yes, this whole room is full of Lady Ningguang's personal items. Not just clothes, either &mdash; there are all kinds of jewelry and ornaments...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 lanyang 05.ogg}} '''Lanyang:''' Lady Ningguang asked us to rearrange this room recently. We're currently right in the middle of that, so everything's in a bit of a mess. That's why it took me a little time to find this for you.
:{{DIcon}} (Sounds like Ningguang has a huge personal collection...)
:{{DIcon}} (I suppose this is a problem unique to rich people.)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 lanyang 06.ogg}} '''Lanyang:''' Anyway, you can take it now. Thanks for coming to pick it up.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Box of Clothes}})

;(Talk to Lanyang again)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 lanyang 01.ogg}} '''Lanyang:''' Please take this garment to Lady Ningguang. Thank you.
----
;(Talk to Ningguang)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Did you get it. {{Traveler}}?
:;(Opens submission menu)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Ah, this is the one. Please wait for a moment.
:{{Black Screen|''After a while, the door in front of you finally opens.''}}
;(Ningguang is wearing the [[Orchid's Evening Gown]] outfit.)'''
;(If this is the first time the player encountered Ningguang wearing this outfit)
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I had this specially tailored recently &mdash; and I must say, I am really rather fond of it.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' What do you think? Be honest. I just want to know your first impression.
;(If the player has encountered Ningguang wear this outfit before)
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I believe you've seen this outfit before. It's one of my favorites.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I don't think I asked you what you thought of it at the time, though. What do you think? Be honest.
:{{DIcon}} It suits you.
:{{DIcon}} It's stunning.
:{{DIcon}} It's classy.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Phew... Thank you. I was actually a little nervous.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Knowing that it has your seal of approval makes me feel much more self-confident.
:{{DIcon}} Self-confident?
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If you're second-guessing how you look, you can forget about looking glamorous &mdash; even the finest garments in the world will look out of place on you.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That's why your affirmation matters so much to me.
:{{DIcon}} Really, you look great in anything.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hah, then it's mere flattery... You pick your moments to wisecrack, don't you? Now I don't know whether to take what you said earlier seriously...
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I never knew you had such a mischievous side.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913203 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' All right. Let's head to Liuli Pavilion.
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Grand Banquet===
{{Quest Description|After making the preparations, you and Ningguang go to attend the banquet. The other party is a merchant who has spent a great sum of Mora to buy some of her time.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Hongru before the meal)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913206 hongru 01.ogg}} '''Hongru:''' Everything is set, please enjoy your meal.

;(Going to [[Liuli Pavilion]] and talking to [[Luo Qiao]])
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 01.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' Lady Ningguang!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Sorry to have kept you waiting.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 02.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' No, no, not at all! I know that you have a thousand different things to do each day. I'm very grateful for any amount of time you can spare for me.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Great. Well, let's leave the formalities aside from now on, and make this just a friendly chat.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 04b.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This is {{Traveler}}. I'm assuming you've heard of {{MC|m=him|f=her}}.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 05b.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' {{MC|m=He|f=She}} happened to be in Liyue Harbor today, so I invited {{MC|m=him|f=her}} to come along. It's a rare opportunity to dine with {{MC|m=him|f=her}}, too.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 06b.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Do you mind if {{MC|m=he|f=she}} sits with us?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 03.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' No, not at all! On the contrary, I'm honored &mdash; what a surprise to be dining with the illustrious Traveler, too!
:{{DIcon}} (Huh, I thought she'd introduce me as her temporary secretary...)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 04.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' I've always been fascinated by you and your adventures... there's so many questions I'd love to ask you!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 05.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' Oh, I'm sorry, where are my manners &mdash; I forgot to introduce myself. Look at me, getting all over-excited.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 06.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' I'm Luo Qiao, a businesswoman. I work mostly in the textile business, but recently I've been considering branching out into some other markets.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 07.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' That's what I wanted to ask Lady Ningguang for some advice about. I didn't know there'd be a surprise guest involved too.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 08.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' Hehe, so the rumors are true, then...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Rumors? About what, exactly?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 09.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' You know, the rumors about the two of you, Lady Ningguang and the Traveler, having a... closer-than-average relationship.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 10.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' ...You haven't heard?
:{{DIcon}} Nope.
:{{DIcon}} Are these rumors widespread?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 11.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' Come on... you must know that Lady Ningguang's every move is in the spotlight? That obviously includes her relationships.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 12.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' And if you didn't have some sort of special relationship, why would she invite you to this lunch right after finding out that you were back in Liyue Harbor?
:{{DIcon}} Um, actually...
:{{DIcon}} (I need to be very careful how I answer this...)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Haha. Interesting. Yes, we have a special relationship, but I don't see anything unusual about it.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The Traveler is a national hero in Liyue whose actions have directly contributed toward the prosperity we enjoy today.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 10a.ogg}} {{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 10b.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Even putting aside my official status as one of the Liyue Qixing, I admire {{MC|m=him|f=her}} on a personal level, too.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 13.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' Oh, yes, there is nothing unusual about it at all. I was just observing that Lady Ningguang now seems to have a second interesting character in her innermost circle. The first one being [[Beidou|the captain]].
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You're comparing Apples and Sunsettias there. Whenever Beidou returns to Liyue Harbor, all she brings me is a headache.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I've missed out on a number of extremely promising investment opportunities thanks to her. In fact, the timing is always so suspiciously coincidental I can't help but wonder if she's doing it on purpose...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 14.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' Investment opportunities... Oh, do you mean the [[Luminescent Spine]] business? I hear that's been all the rage recently.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' No, something else. All the talk around Luminescent Spines is just empty hype.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 15.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' Oh? But isn't there some new technology from Fontaine that needs lots of Luminescent Spines to make it work?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If it were really that profitable, those in the know would have kept it as quiet as possible. You have to wonder, if the news is spreading like wildfire, who's fanning the flames?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I had my secretary do some analysis. The current price of Luminescent Spines far exceeds the profits that could be made on the end product.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 16.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' So I would advise you to be cautious.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 16.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' I see... Huh, I was planning to get your opinion on how to get started in that business.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 17.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' In my opinion, there are many people around with ulterior motives, making this a very risky business to enter into in the short term.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 18.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Long term, it's very difficult to say. But I believe there's too much uncertainty to make it worth your investment. You worked hard to earn every Mora you own, and you should be just as careful spending it as you were making it.
:{{DIcon}} Hit the nail on the head.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 17.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' You think so too, huh?
:{{DIcon}} At least do your research before you part with any money.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 18.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' Okay, got it. If that's what both of you think, I'll take my time and not rush into anything.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 19.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' Maybe it'd be a better choice to invest this money into an industry that I'm genuinely interested in getting involved with.
:{{Black Screen|''The business talk continues in this vein throughout lunchtime...''}}
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 20.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' Lady Ningguang, thank you so much for taking the time to meet with me today. I didn't know how much we'd get through, but you've answered every question I wanted to ask.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 19.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Good, I'm glad I could be of some help.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 21.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' Now I see why you were able to become the most successful businessperson in Liyue Harbor.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 22.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' You think clearly, you are very knowledgeable, and you keep yourself well-informed. It would take me a very long time to come anywhere close to your level.
:{{DIcon}} (This is why so many people want to pay to spend time with Ningguang...)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 20.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You've been listening for a while. Are you getting bored?
:{{DIcon}} No. I'm finding it all very interesting.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 21.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Has it sparked an interest in the business world for you?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe I'll give it a shot in the future.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 22.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Ah, so you want to be my competitor. Well then, I suppose I'll have to start looking over my shoulder.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 23.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Or how about this &mdash; I'll invest in you early on, before you make it big.
:{{DIcon}} I'm a novice, but I was able to follow because you explained everything so clearly.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 24.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That means you also have a good head on your shoulders and the ability to learn rapidly.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 25.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If you are in need of Mora, you should absolutely consider doing business.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 luoqiao 23.ogg}} '''Luo Qiao:''' I won't take up any more of your time. Thank you &mdash; this lunch was everything I was hoping for and more. I can't wait to try out everything I've learned.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 26.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' See you next time. I'll look forward to hearing good news from you soon.
----
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 27.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Right then, lunch is over. I assume you have something planned next? Although...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 28.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I'm a little concerned about the auction. I wonder how my secretarial trio is getting along.
:{{Hangout Branch|Don't worry about them. They're very capable.|Exchanging Intelligence|Greeting Gift}}
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 29.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, you're right. Whatever happens, they can handle it.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 30.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' In  that case, what's next on the schedule?
::{{DIcon}} Meeting up with the informants.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 31.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Ah, okay then. Yes, it's been some time since I last caught up with them.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 32.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Let's go to Mingxing Jewelry first, I need to pick up something before meeting them.
:;(Proceeds to [[Exchanging Intelligence|Greeting Gift]])
:{{Hangout Branch|Well, we have time to go and check up on them if you want.|Auction Games|The Auction}}
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 33.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Good, then let's do that. There are some slippery characters among the bidders, you see.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 34.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' So even though my secretaries are very capable and experienced, I still can't help worrying for them a little.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913204 ningguang 35.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Come on. The auction is being held at [[Yujing Terrace]].
:;(Proceeds to [[Auction Games|The Auction]])

;(Talk to Hongru after the meal)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913207 hongru 01.ogg}} '''Hongru:''' Thank you for your custom.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Business as Usual
|zhs     = 按部就班
|zhs_rm  = Ànbùjiùbān
|zht     = 按部就班
|zht_rm  = Ànbùjiùbān
|zh_tl   = Business as Usual
|ja      = 手順通りに
|ja_rm   = Tejun-doori ni
|ja_tl   = Following Procedure
|ko      = 평소대로
|ko_tl   = As Usual
|es      = La rutina de siempre
|es_tl   = The Routine of Always
|fr      = Le travail avant tout
|fr_tl   = Work Before Anything Else
|ru      = По расписанию
|ru_tl   = Following Schedule
|th      = ทำตามขั้นตอน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Từng Bước Thực Hiện
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wie üblich
|de_tl   = As Always
|id      = Rutinitas Biasa
|id_tl   = Usual Routine
|pt      = A Rotina de Sempre
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Her Zamanki İşler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ordinaria amministrazione
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}