{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = 
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Died of illness
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Fontaine Research Institute
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
}}
'''Butor''' was a researcher at the [[Fontaine Research Institute]].

==Profile==
Monsieur Butor was one of Fontaine's leading researchers of traditional clockwork machinery. He was the director of the Institute of Clockwork Applications, a program within the Fontaine Research Institute. However, this field of research was slowly growing obsolete, and traditional clockwork technology was becoming less practical. [[Nacker]] states that funding for Butor's program was cut, and he struggled to recruit new researchers for his team.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Go to the Institute of Clockwork Applications and retrieve the Anchor}}</ref> 
Butor had at least three subordinates: [[Clynes]], [[Teilhard]], and one other person who was fired from the Institute, possibly [[Coutrot]].<ref name="Memories">{{Ref/Quest|Scenes from Life in Meropide: Memories}}</ref>

Butor was the inventor of the [[Cipher Letters]], though he never found a practical use for the technology, and the Institute's executives also ignored it.<ref name="EDhaC">{{Ref/Quest|Scenes from Life in Meropide: Every Debt has a Creditor}}</ref> Teilhard and Clynes ended up using them to leave messages around the Institute against Butor's wishes.<ref>Interactable: [[Cipher Letters#Cipher Letter (II)|Cipher Letter (II)]]</ref> He also developed a chemical solvent which would erase the Cipher Letters, but all traces of the formula were erased by Teilhard.<ref>Interactable: [[Cipher Letters#Cipher Letter (I)|Cipher Letter (I)]]</ref><ref name="LetterIV">Interactable: [[Cipher Letters#Cipher Letter (IV)|Cipher Letter (IV)]]</ref>

Butor ultimately died of an illness.<ref name="Memories" /><ref name="EDhaC" /> Clynes and Teilhard tried to carry on his field of research through projects such as [[Initial Skill Sample No. 2]], but faced setbacks including possible sabotage by [[Maillardet]].<ref>Interactable: [[Cipher Letters#Cipher Letter (III)|Cipher Letter (III)]]</ref> Their efforts ended for good after the [[Arkhium]] explosion caused by [[Edwin Eastinghouse]]: Teilhard died in the explosion, while Clynes lost hope and exiled himself to the [[Fortress of Meropide]].<ref name="Memories" /><ref name="LetterIV" /> Sometime after the explosion, the Fontaine Research Institute planned a memorial service for Butor.<ref>Interactable: [[Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region#Announcement Concerning Personnel Changes|Announcement Concerning Personnel Changes]]</ref>
<!-- 
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->

==Trivia==
*{{w|Michel Butor}} was a French poet, novelist, teacher, essayist, art critic and translator.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Butor
|zhs     = 布托尔
|zhs_rm  = Bùtuō'ěr
|zht     = 布托爾
|zht_rm  = Bùtuō'ěr
|ja      = ビュトール
|ja_rm   = Byutooru
|ko      = 뷔토르
|es      = Butor
|fr      = Butor
|ru      = Бутор
|th      = Butor
|vi      = Butor
|de      = Butor
|id      = Butor
|pt      = Butor
|tr      = Butor
|it      = Butor
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}