{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Shop Eipekkusu - Irodori.png <!--quest basically involves shop figurines-->
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Ritou
|event_name    = Hues of the Violet Garden
|chapter       = Festival Deeds
|actNum        = III
|actType       = Part
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[A New Painting in Pale Scarlet]]
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Exquisite Gift (Furnishing)|1}}
|characters    = Ei; Haruto; Junpei; Kaede; Konrad; Kujou Sara; Paimon; Reika; Sayu; Seigou; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Buyer's Guide to the Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder''''' is an event quest part of [[Festival Deeds]] during the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Kujou Sara]]
# Examine the strange wooden barrel
# Ask passers-by what happened (0/3)
# Go to Eipekkusu and ask around
# Talk to [[Junpei]]
# Go to the nearby transaction site
# Pretend to be a potential buyer and stall for time
# Tell [[Kaede]] what happened
# Talk to [[Kujou Sara|Sara]] at the police station

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Something appears to have occurred in front of Eipekkusu, the place where Statues of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder are being sold...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Kujou Sara)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' The Five Kasen Plaza is significantly less crowded now, but it's still too early to relax. This is a serious matter, and we must remain vigilant. Is that clear?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 haruto 01.ogg}} '''Haruto:''' Yes, Ma'am!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Sara&mdash;
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Oh, it's you. Do you have something to report?
:{{DIcon}} Nothing to report.
::{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 03a.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Really? Good.
:{{DIcon}} About the stolen books...
::{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 03b.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' It's fine. As long as it's been taken care of.
::{{DIcon}} Sorry for the inconvenience caused.
::{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 03b 1.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' This is my duty. I don't see it as an inconvenience.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' The Tenryou Commission has a responsibility to ensure public order and security during the Irodori Festival. If anything comes up, come to me.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you look really busy. Has something serious happened?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Nothing serious, really. We've just received a lot of reports in the past few days over things like line-cutting, reselling goods at inflated prices...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Even trouble makers hogging the photo board. All minor incidents, but it all adds up to create of lot of work for a lot of people.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds tough...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Still, I take the fact that so many people are turning to us for assistance as a sign that the Tenryou Commission is gradually regaining the people's trust.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' The Shogun gave us orders to provide security at the Irodori Festival. This is a rare chance to change people's perception of the Tenryou Commission, so we cannot afford to slip up. Even if it's tiring work, we must rise to the challenge.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, no matter how busy you are, at least you still found some time to come here and buy an Almighty Shogun figurine, right? We want to buy one too.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' What do you mean, figurine... Ahem, I'm just patrolling these parts. In fact, I was just about to leave.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heehee, no need to be shy! Actually, Miko told us that you got up super early this one time to make sure you could be first in line to buy one of these figurines!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' That Lady Guuji, how could she disclose... Hmph, never mind.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' To be clear, I have no intention to hide that which I do out of reverence alone. But there is one thing you must be corrected on.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? What is it?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' That is not a "figurine." It's a Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder. Do I make myself clear?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Almighty Naru... Narukami Ogo... Ogo... got it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 13.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' This particular Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder is a brand-new edition. There will only be 300 available in this batch, and there is a limit of one per customer.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 14.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Many people have been lining up since well before dawn to acquire one. I'm afraid if you're only showing up now, you're probably too late.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, really? So... so you definitely must have gotten here pretty early too, then. Did you manage to get one yet?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 15.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Normally, of course, I would come to purchase one myself. But on this occasion, my duties at the Irodori Festival had to take priority.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 16.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' We are required to report for duty long before the shops open. It is regrettable, but I had no choice but to forgo the chance this time...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw... What a shame...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 17.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' So instead, I had someone purchase one on my behalf.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! Wait, you can do that?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Didn't you say they're limited to one per customer? This figurine is super popular... It must be pretty tough to find someone happy to buy one for you and not for themselves!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 18.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I anticipated the same, at first. But Lady Guuji Yae found a professional to assist me, saying she appreciated our tireless efforts during the festival period.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 19.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I don't know who the professional is. I assume it would be either someone from the Grand Narukami Shrine or from the Yashiro Commission, but I did not ask. Given the time, I believe they should have completed the purchase by now.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 20.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I am fortunate to have had Lady Guuji's help this time. I likely would have struggled to find a candidate on my own.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 21.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' As well as being willing, they would need to be an early riser and also tall enough to beat the crowds to the top-shelf items...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Early riser" and "tall"...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 sayu 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 22.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hm? What was that sound?
:{{DIcon}} Probably just the wind.
:{{DIcon}} Probably just the leaves.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 1 kujousara 23.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Really... Well, never mind. I have been here long enough, it's time for me to head to my next patrol zone. Stay safe during the Irodori Festival, (Traveler).
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|As Sara mentions the proxy buyer, you hear a strange sound come from a "wooden barrel" in the corner...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Examine the barrel)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 2 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uh oh... you found me.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sayu! What are you doing here? ...Oh, wait... Are you the "professional"?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 2 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Shh! Quiet, she might still be in earshot!
:{{DIcon}} Sayu... have you been slacking off again?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 2 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' No way! I've been here since last night so I could buy a figurine. But after waiting and waiting, my eyes started to feel real droopy, and...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 2 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I only meant to take a short nap, a really quick one!
:{{DIcon}} In short, you overslept.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 2 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ohh... If I don't buy one of these figurines, the Tenryou Commission tengu will lock me up for life!
:{{DIcon}} Surely not...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sheesh, goodness knows what Miko told you...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 2 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I guess my only hope now is to sacrifice my salary for this month and buy one off someone who got here in time...
:{{DIcon}} Let me negotiate the price for you.
:{{DIcon}} I'm good at driving a hard bargain.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 2 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Really? Great! Then... here's my salary, please don't spend it all!
;(Obtain [[Sayu's Salary]] ×200,000)
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Sayu, having been assigned as the proxy buyer but having overslept, needs to get to work so as not to be caught by "that tengu"...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Reika)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 4 reika 01.ogg}} '''Reika:''' Huh, you didn't manage to get one either? That's strange... When I came to line up this morning, I checked with my friend who'd already bought one.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 4 reika 02.ogg}} '''Reika:''' She'd been lining up since before sunrise, and she was around the 100th in line. I was only 150 places behind her, so surely I should've gotten one.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 4 reika 03.ogg}} '''Reika:''' Hmm... something's wrong here. I'm gonna go ask the shopkeeper for an explanation.

;(Talk to Konrad)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 3 konrad 01.ogg}} '''Konrad:''' *sigh*... After coming all this way to Inazuma, and especially getting up early, I still walk away empty-handed.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 3 konrad 02.ogg}} '''Konrad:''' The first batch was smaller than I expected. And who knows when the next batch will come out.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 3 konrad 03.ogg}} '''Konrad:''' Well, since I'm here now... I guess I should buy some other souvenir instead...

;(Talk to Junpei)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 5 jyunpei 01.ogg}} '''Junpei:''' Hehehe, why so glum &mdash; didn't manage to get your hands on a "Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder" by any chance?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 5 jyunpei 02.ogg}} '''Junpei:''' Sell it? Huh, I ain't selling, not after all the effort I put in to get hold of this. Go ask someone else.

;(After talking to all 3 NPCs)

:'''You ask around in the area, but to no avail...'''

:{{A|vo rcjwq003 6 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' I can't believe it. I am definitely done for this time...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A whole load of people are saying they didn't manage to get one. Did the shopkeepers get the count wrong or something? Hmm... Oh, why don't we go ask at Eipekkusu?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 6 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Mmm... Might as well. I guess there's nothing to lose...

;(Talk to Kaede)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 kaede 01.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' ...Terribly sorry, I was otherwise occupied this morning, and had someone else watch the shop. So I don't know all the details, but according to our records, we did sell the full 300.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 konrad 01.ogg}} '''Konrad:''' Hey, what about those ones at the back? Aren't they for sale?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 kaede 02.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' I'm sorry, those are... those are display-only.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 kaede 03.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' Please don't be too disappointed. We are only selling a limited number of these statues at the festival, and this was only the first batch. Please rest assured you will all have the chance to purchase one in the future...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 reika 01.ogg}} '''Reika:''' But when will the next batch be ready?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 reika 02.ogg}} '''Reika:''' Also, this poor guy came all the way from Mondstadt. He got here earlier than me and was at least 50 places ahead of me.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 reika 03.ogg}} '''Reika:''' Even he didn't get one. How do you explain these numbers?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 konrad 02.ogg}} '''Konrad:''' Look... I don't know a whole lot about Inazuman festivals, but... they do seem to have sold out pretty quickly.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 kaede 04.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' I'm terribly sorry, but I've triple-checked the sales records for this morning, and everything seems to be accounted for...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 reika 04.ogg}} '''Reika:''' Hmm... Why don't we get the Tenryou Commission to investigate this?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' The... the Tenryou Commission? No, no way!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 kaede 05.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' Hmm? Sorry, who are you...
:{{DIcon}} This is the professional, from the Yashiro Commission.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 reika 05.ogg}} '''Reika:''' Oh? Are you saying this falls under the Yashiro Commission's jurisdiction?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ummm... um... y&mdash;yeah, it does! We will follow up on this matter, so... so there's no need to go to the Tenryou Commission! They're busy enough as it is, haha, haha, hah...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh... that's weird, how come Sayu's so motivated to work all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Shh! If the Tenryou Commission finds out about this, Kujou Sara will come ask me about it! And then, she'll find out that I didn't buy her figurine, and...
:{{DIcon}} Sayu is supposed to be Miko's hand-picked professional.
:{{DIcon}} She technically should have been the first in line.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' A&mdash;Anyway, we can't get the Tenryou Commission involved, not unless there's no other way!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 reika 06.ogg}} '''Reika:''' Huh... Well, since someone's already on the case, I suppose I'll just wait for the findings.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 konrad 03.ogg}} '''Konrad:''' Since I came all this way and didn't get a figurine, I guess I might as well look at what else is available.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 kaede 06.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' Thank you both for your understanding. We will make an announcement as soon as the results of the investigation come out.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, so we're supposed to be investigating, but we don't have any leads at all. Maybe the customers really did made a mistake with the count? If only we had a witness who'd been here the whole time...
:{{DIcon}} Technically, someone was here the whole time...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' You mean me...? Sorry, I was asleep...
:{{DIcon}} Did you hear anything in your sleep?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Did I hear anything? Uh, let me think...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 konrad 04.ogg}} '''Konrad:''' ...I'll take these, please.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 kaede 07.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' Thank you for your patronage, please come again.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' "Thank you"... "patronage"... Oh yeah! Now I remember! I heard "Thank you for your patronage" over and over again this morning.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How many times? 300?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uhh, I mean, I...
:{{DIcon}} You don't have to give an exact number.
:{{DIcon}} Roughly how long did each transaction take?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Umm... ummm... ummmmm... I got it! There were at least 16 snores between each "Thank you for your patronage."
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's not how you count it!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' 16 snores should be about 1 minute, and if we add on the time for moving the boxes and stocking the shelves... mmm...
:{{DIcon}} It should take at least 5 hours to sell everything.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Right! Sales only started about 4 hours ago, so there's definitely a problem with the amount!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Wh&mdash;Which means, even though I only woke up just now, I still have a chance of getting my hands on one! Maybe...
:{{DIcon}} ...A miniscule chance, but yes, you're not wrong.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Well, anyway! Maybe I failed my mission because a bad guy did something tricky, not because I was being lazy!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So then, who's the bad guy?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hmm, well, the shop was pretty strict with this promotion. Not only was there a 1-per-customer limit, they even checked people's identity. So there's no way anyone could've bought more than one.
:{{DIcon}} No wonder each transaction took so long.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And with Sara's people patrolling the area, no one could have cut the line, right?
:{{DIcon}} By process of elimination...
::{{DIcon}} The remaining option is...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If someone was up to no good, they'd definitely try to find a way to sell the figurines at a higher price!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go ask the guy who says he had to put in a lot of effort to get hold of one. Maybe he knows something!

;(Talk to Kaede again)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 7 kaede 03.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' Please don't be too disappointed. We are only selling a limited number of these statues at the festival, and this was only the first batch. Please rest assured you will all have the chance to purchase one in the future...
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Something seems fishy with the sale of the Statues of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder. It's time to investigate.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Junpei)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 jyunpei 01.ogg}} '''Junpei:''' Huh? You want to know how I got my hands on this statue? Hehehe, dream on!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why? It's not like we're trying to buy yours off you...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 jyunpei 02.ogg}} '''Junpei:''' It's a no, okay? No more questions.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Huh, how come...
:{{DIcon}} A staff member sold it to you.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 jyunpei 03.ogg}} '''Junpei:''' How... how did you know!?
:{{DIcon}} We're professionals.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Huh? Oh... oh, right, yeah, we are professionals!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 jyunpei 04.ogg}} '''Junpei:''' Okay, fine. Since you guessed it anyway... But let me be clear &mdash; don't spread this around.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 jyunpei 05.ogg}} '''Junpei:''' I came here bright and early to line up, but the first batch of statues sold out almost immediately. I wasn't very happy about that, so I went around to the back door of Eipekkusu to see if I could find a shop assistant to ask about when the next batch would be coming out.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 jyunpei 06.ogg}} '''Junpei:''' To my surprise, I saw him moving boxes and boxes worth of statues out of the store! Needless to say, I was all ready to march up and demand to know what was going on, but...
:{{DIcon}} He gave you a figurine to keep you quiet?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 jyunpei 07.ogg}} '''Junpei:''' Well... uh, yes &mdash; but I paid the shop assistant full price for it, so it was still a legitimate transaction!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' It's not for you to decide whether it was a legitimate transaction or not.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 jyunpei 08.ogg}} '''Junpei:''' Huh? It's... the Tenryou Commission?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' The Tenryou Commission has received reports that someone has been hoarding goods to resell at extortionate prices. Now, these are not classed as strategic materials, so some amount of price fluctuation is expected on the market. However...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' It is against the law for a staff member to abuse their position to forge sales records and misappropriate goods!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' We have already investigated the situation at Eipekkusu. The sales records are correct, but in the cash box, there are two bags in which most of the cash has been replaced with stones.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 jyunpei 09.ogg}} '''Junpei:''' But... but how can this be?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Please hand over your "Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder" as evidence. We will compensate you for your loss once we catch the individual responsible.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 jyunpei 10.ogg}} '''Junpei:''' Ugh, fine. So this guy was cooking the books, never saw that coming...

:'''Junpei hands over the statue.'''

:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You guys figured this out pretty quickly, Sara.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' In fact, we were only just tipped off. We're still working on the logistics of the arrest operation... Hmm? Who's this...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yikes! I've been spotted...
:{{DIcon}} This is Sayu.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Oh, you must be the professional Lady Guuji hired? I was just wondering why I hadn't seen you yet...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ummm... we... we were... investigating the missing figurines... oh, I mean "Statues of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder"...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Is that so? Then thank you. The Tenryou Commission will take over from here. Rest assured we will get to the bottom of the matter.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uhhh...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...Hmm?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Um, umm... so, uh... about your statue...
:{{DIcon}} Sayu has been lining up since last night...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Really? Thank you. So where is the "Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder"?
:{{DIcon}} ...But she saw someone misappropriating the statues!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah! Sayu spent the whole night investigating the staff! So by the time she got back, she was just too late to buy one...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' ...Yeah, right! I definitely would have made it back in time to buy one, if only it hadn't been for someone stealing the statues!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I see... So in the end, you did not manage to purchase a statue, correct?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *sobbing*... I'm sorry...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...Don't blame yourself. The criminal is the one responsible here. The important thing now is to devise a plan to bring him to justice as swiftly as possible.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Mm-hmm...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 13.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' According to the intelligence, the suspect has already started reselling the statues near the festival venue. But he is lying low, and operating very discreetly.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 14.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' If we confront him head-on, he is likely to destroy the evidence and dash. Instead, we will seek to quietly surround him &mdash; but in order to achieve this, we will require one person to approach and distract him...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 15.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Since you've spent the whole night thoroughly investigating this situation, I can think of no one else more suitable to gain his trust than you.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 kujousara 16.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Would you be willing to help the Tenryou Commission one final time?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 8 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' What? Uh, hehe, right! Leave it to us! Hahaha... haha... hah...
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The fact that insufficient numbers have been put on sale has come to light. Stall that staff member to buy some time for Sara to deploy her subordinates!}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Seigou)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 seikou 01.ogg}} '''Seigou:''' Hmm? Who introduced you? I'm trying to keep a low profile here, so I'm afraid I don't take any new business except for referrals by existing customers.
:{{DIcon}} We were referred by the one who caught you stealing the statues.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 seikou 02.ogg}} '''Seigou:''' Tsk... That guy. Fine, he did technically buy from me, I suppose...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 seikou 03.ogg}} '''Seigou:''' But let me be clear. This product is highly sought-after right now. I can't sell to you at the same price he paid.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The price has gone up again? But it's only been a few hours!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 seikou 04.ogg}} '''Seigou:''' Hmph, well you can take it or leave it. Believe me, there's plenty more room for upwards mobility on the price, it just so happens to be in my interests to get these off my hands sooner rather than later. Besides... good luck trying to find anyone else out there selling.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hmm... we gotta keep negotiating as long as we can, (Traveler)...
:{{DIcon}} Will this figurine keep its value over time?
:{{DIcon}} Can you give me a little discount?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 seikou 05.ogg}} '''Seigou:''' I don't have time for this. Just name your price.
----
;(After bargaining for 159,001-180,000 Mora)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 seikou 06.ogg}} '''Seigou:''' Deal. Let's schedule a time for you to pick up the product.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold on! Paimon thinks that price is still a little too high...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 seikou 07.ogg}} '''Seigou:''' You think that's high? Hmph, it'll be at least double that in a few days!

;(After bargaining for 150,000-159,000 Mora)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 seikou 08.ogg}} '''Seigou:''' Ugh, fine, fine. I swear if I wasn't in a rush to get rid of them... Hmph!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold on! Uh, Paimon thinks there's still some room for negotiation...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 seikou 09.ogg}} '''Seigou:''' What's to negotiate? Do you want it or not!?

;(After bargaining for 141,000-149,999 Mora)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 seikou 10.ogg}} '''Seigou:''' Hmm... No way. That's too low with the market for this product right now.

;(After bargaining for 120,000-140,999 Mora)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 seikou 11.ogg}} '''Seigou:''' Hey! At that price, why don't you just ask me to give it to you for free!?

----
;(After failing to strike a deal)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 seikou 12.ogg}} '''Seigou:''' Enough. I don't have any more time to waste on you.

;(After striking a deal)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 9 seikou 13.ogg}} '''Seigou:''' You think this is a game or something? If you're not serious about buying, quit wasting my time. I should be moving on to my next location by now, not stuck here arguing with you...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 10 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' The next location you move to will be the Police Station. You are under arrest for abusing your position for personal gain and falsifying accounts. Do not attempt to resist, the evidence is indisputable.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 10 seikou 01.ogg}} '''Seigou:''' The Tenryou Commission? When did you... Wait, all that negotiating...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehehe, stick 'em up!

:'''The Tenryou Commission escorts the shop assistant back to the Police Station. Sayu's salary, much to her elation, has also been preserved...'''

:{{A|vo rcjwq003 10 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Thank you for your help. The culprit has revealed the location where he stashed the statues. We have sent people to collect them.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great. So once Eipekkusu has counted the goods and stocked the shelves, we can get back in the line to buy one, right?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 10 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' This time... I must complete my mission!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 10 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...I'm afraid it's not that simple. The stolen goods will have to be kept as evidence at the Police Station for some time. They will not be available for purchase in the immediate future.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't believe it...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 10 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I would be grateful if you could inform the shopkeeper about this. I should return to the station and see how things are going.

:{{A|vo rcjwq003 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Although Sara didn't say anything, she seemed a little disappointed, don't you think?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 11 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Awwww... is there really nothing we can do?
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The trouble caused by the Statues of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder has come to an end.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Kaede)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 12 kaede 01.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' ...I see. Thank you, we'll make a compensation plan and announce it as soon as possible.
:{{DIcon}} Okay. Well, see you then...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 12 kaede 02.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' ...Wait. Hold on. Although this "Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder" was only intended as a display item...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 12 kaede 03.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' Now that I think about it... why don't you have it? As a gesture of my gratitude.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 12 kaede 04.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' After all, it was our negligence that caused trouble for you all on this occasion. This is just a small gift, a mere token, but I do hope you can accept it.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 12 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' R&mdash;Really?
:{{DIcon}} Shall we give this to Sara?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 12 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sounds good... As long as we give this to Sara, my mission will be completed.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 12 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uh oh... I've been so nervous all day, and now I can finally relax, I feel really tired all of a sudden...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 12 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Please, (Traveler)... take this figurine to the Police Station... zzz...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 12 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Sayu... signing out...
;(Obtain [[Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder (Quest Item)|Statue of Her Exellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder]] ×1)

;(Talk to Kaede again)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 12 kaede 04.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' After all, it was our negligence that caused trouble for you all on this occasion. This is just a small gift, a mere token, but I do hope you can accept it.

;(Talk to Sayu)
:'''Sayu:''' (If you incline your ear to this wooden barrel, you can hear soft snoring. Best you not disturb her beauty sleep, you suppose.)
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The trouble caused by the Statues of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder has come to an end… Hopefully, it is an end that is pleasing to Sara.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Kujou Sara)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sara, look what we've brought you!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Oh, is this...

:'''You take out the statue and explain what happened.'''

:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We just grabbed it and came straight here. But now that Paimon takes a closer look at it, it's really well-made...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Of course. This is a prototype designed by Yae Publishing House's top artist and crafted by the most skilled lacquerware master in Inazuma City...
;(Ei is shown approaching)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Otherwise, how could one hope to capture even one thousandth of the Almighty Shogun's majesty?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Let alone maintain it. To do that, you must buy a special kind of shrine and worship it properly.
;(During the above line, the Traveler and Paimon notice Ei and gesture for Sara to stop talking)
;(Ei arrives behind Sara and turns to contemplate the Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' It's also essential to clean it often to avoid a buildup of dust, and it's best practice to hire a craftsman to perform regular maintenance...
;(During the above line, the Traveler and Paimon continue to gesture for Sara to stop talking while looking between Sara and Ei)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sara... Sara!
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 kujousara 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Hmm? What's wrong? These are the five principles for maintenance of the "Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder," and I haven't even finished explaining the first one...
;(During the above line, Paimon continues to gesture for Sara to stop talking while the Traveler holds their head in their hand)
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I never knew there was such a fuss over these tiny figurines... I'm surprised Miko never mentioned it to me.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 kujousara 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Y&mdash;Your Excellency!? This is most unexpected...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I had some spare time, so I decided to come out for a stroll. Oh, did you buy this figurine yourself?
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 kujousara 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I... it's... it was...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 kujousara 09a.ogg}} {{A|vo rcjwq003 13 kujousara 09b.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' It was (him./her {{sic}})
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Yep.
:{{DIcon}} It was me.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Oh, I didn't know you liked little trinkets like these, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 kujousara 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Your Excellency... I've yet to finish the defense arrangements for the Irodori Festival. Please excuse me.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Very well. Thank you.

:'''Sara leaves, her head lowered...'''

:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Watching Sara leave... she looked kinda sad.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...(Traveler), I have another such figurine in Tenshukaku, a sample sent by Yae Publishing House. I don't need it, so I think I will gift it to you.
:{{DIcon}} But we already have one...
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I shall not go back on my word. I have committed to giving it to you, what you choose to do with it is your business. You are quite free to give it to somebody else, if you wish.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Or, to save you the trouble, I can have someone from Tenshukaku deliver it directly. But of course, your name will have to be written as the sender.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, why does all this have to be so complicated...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} No more questions.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Just send it to the Tenryou Commission, please.
:{{DIcon}} Put "(Traveler)" as the sender.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Good. I'll have someone attend to this shortly.
:{{A|vo rcjwq003 13 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Oh&mdash; and I wish you a pleasant and enjoyable Irodori Festival.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Buyer's Guide to the Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder
|zhs     = 「御建鸣神主尊大御所大人像」购入须知
|zhs_rm  = "Yùjiàn Míngshén Zhǔzūn Dàyùsuǒ-dàrén Xiàng" Gòurù Xūzhī
|zht     = 「御建鳴神主尊大御所大人像」購入須知
|zht_rm  = "Yùjiàn Míngshén Zhǔzūn Dàyùsuǒ-dàrén Xiàng" Gòurù Xūzhī
|zh_tl   = "Her Excellency, the Magnific Narukami, Lord of Ogosho" Buyer's Guide
|ja      = 「御建鳴神主尊大御所様像」購入心得
|ja_rm   = "Mitake Narukami Nushi no Mikoto Oogosho-sama Zou" Kounyuu Kokoroe
|ja_tl   = "Her Excellency, the Magnific Narukami, Lord of Ogosho" Purchase Rules
|ko      = 「위대하신 나루카미 쇼군상」 구매 주의 사항
|ko_rm   = "Widaehasin Narukami Syogunsang" Gumae Ju'ui Sahang
|ko_tl   = "The Greatest Narukami Shogun-statue" Purchase Notandum
|es      = Guía para comprar una figurilla de la todopoderosa Narukami
|es_tl   = Guide to Buy a Figurine of the Almighty Narukami
|fr      = Guide d'achat de la «&nbsp;Statuette de Son Excellence, la toute-puissante Narukami Ogosho&nbsp;»
|fr_tl   = Buying Guide to the "Statuette of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho"
|ru      = Руководство покупателя статуэтки её превосходительства Наруками Огосё, Электро Архонта
|ru_tl   = Buyer's Guide to a Statue of Her Excellency, Narukami Ogosho, the Electro Archon
|th      = คู่มือผู้ซื้อ "รูปปั้นท่าน Narukami Ogosho ผู้ยิ่งใหญ่"
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cách Mua "{{tt|Tượng|像}} {{tt|Đại Nhân|大人}} Narukami Ogosho"
|vi_tl   = How to Buy "Statue of Lord Narukami Ogosho"
|de      = Anleitung zum Kauf der Statue Ihrer Exzellenz der Allmächtigen Narukami Ogosho, der Göttin der Blitze
|de_tl   = Guide to Purchase the Statue of Her Excellency the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, Goddess of Lightning
|id      = Panduan Pembelian "Patung Yang Mulia, Sang Narukami Ogosho Yang Mahakuasa, Dewi Petir"
|id_tl   = Purchasing Guide of "The Statue of Her Excellency, The Almighty Narukami Ogosho, Goddess of Lightning"
|pt      = Guia de Compras para a "Estátua de Sua Excelência, Narukami Ogosho Toda-Poderosa"
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[pt-br:Guia de Compras para a "Estátua de Sua Excelência, Narukami Ogosho Toda-Poderosa"]]
[[ru:Руководство покупателя статуэтки её превосходительства Наруками Огосё, Электро Архонта]]