{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72662
|image         = Event Quest By Thy Pale Beams I Solitary Rove.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|summary       = 
|event_name    = Lunar Realm
|part          = 3
|prev          = To Thee My Tender Grief Confide
|next          = Over the Moon
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|characters    = Kujirai Momiji; Paimon; Traveler
|primogems     = 60
|mora          = 30,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
}}
'''''By Thy Pale Beams I Solitary Rove''''' is the third quest of the [[Lunar Realm]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Kujirai Momiji]]
# Go to [[Araumi]] and look for the special {{sic|Magic}} Crystal Ore
# Collect 3 [[Special Magical Crystal Ore]] (0/3)
# Talk to Kujirai Momiji
# Defeat the [[Ruin Guard]]
# Talk to Kujirai Momiji

==Gameplay Notes==
* It is possible to collect more than 3 Special Magical Crystal Ore, but it is removed from the player's inventory upon completing the quest.
* The location of the ore vein also contains standard [[Crystal Chunk]]s, which will stay in the players inventory after completing the quest.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
{{Quest Description|[[Kujirai Momiji]] seems to have found some useful resources. Rendezvous with her, pronto... }}
;(Talk to Kujirai Momiji)
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Look, guys! I flipped through my father's sailing log again.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' There's an appendix in there that mentions a special fish bait formula they had developed.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' When they encountered the "[[Lunar Leviathan]]," they used a special bait that mixed Seagrass and Magical Crystal Ore.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' If we can also make this, we may be able to attract the "Lunar Leviathan."
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' I have a lot of Seagrass, but the Magical Crystal Ore...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I have them.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Eh? Really? Were they mined at Araumi?
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' My father's log mentioned that the Magical Crystal Ore must be mined from the ruins at Araumi.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Although I'm not sure what the difference is, compared to ordinary Magical Crystal Ore, but since we have decided to do so, we should be more rigorous and follow the sailing log closely.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Speaking of which, there are a lot of dangerous monsters over at Araumi. Let's go to the Adventurers' Guild and put up a commission.
:{{DIcon}} It's okay, I'll handle them.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Ah... Right, I forgot you are a powerful adventurer!
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' I'm so lucky to have your help, I'm counting on you!
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' I'll go back and get some bait-making tools, let's meet up later at the beach on the west of Araumi.

;(After collecting the 3 pieces of Special Magical Crystal Ore)
:'''Paimon:''' These three pieces should be enough, right? Let's quickly go back and show them to Kujirai Momiji.
----
{{Quest Description|update|Where there's a will, there's a way: Kujirai Momiji seems to have actually found some useful resources. Rendezvous with her, pronto...}}
;(Talk to Kujirai Momiji)
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' You found them so quickly? You're a powerful adventurer indeed!
:{{DIcon}} Will these be enough?
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Well, watch me next, I just have to do this...this...and this...
:(Kujirai Momiji starts making unique bait)
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' This should be it, that's all.
:'''Paimon:''' The next step is to scatter the bait and wait for the "Lunar Leviathan" to appear, right?
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Yes, I purposely chose this place, from where we reached the shore back then.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' The "Lunar Leviathan" that guided us back to the ship also disappeared here.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' So, is everyone ready? Don't forget to make a wish when you see the "Lunar Leviathan."
:{{DIcon}} What if it doesn't work?
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' ...
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Don't say such discouraging things, it will work. The "Lunar Leviathan" will definitely come.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! It will work! Big fish, big fish, you must be good and bite the bait! I'm counting on you!
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Look! Look at this! It's glowing under the water! Something's coming!
:'''Paimon:''' Really? Is the "Lunar Leviathan" really here?
:'''Paimon:''' Help, it's a Ruin Guard!
:'''Paimon:''' Why is it this guy!

;(After defeating the Ruin Guard)
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' How...how did this happen, even my father's bait formula didn't work?
:'''Paimon:''' Don't be sad, it's that Ruin Guard's fault! It must have scared the "Lunar Leviathan" away! Let's try again!
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, let's try again.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' ...
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' ...
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Let's forget it for now, I'm a little tired. Maybe [[Nantuck]] is right?
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' *sigh* I want to go and take a stroll outside. I have to think about what happens after this.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Here's your payment. Whatever the case, thank you very much for your help.
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like Ms. Kujirai wants to be left alone now, let's come back to see her later.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = By Thy Pale Beams I Solitary Rove
|zhs     = 奈何明月
|zhs_rm  = Nàihé Míngyuè
|zht     = 奈何明月
|zht_rm  = Nàihé Míngyuè
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 明月よ、如何ともし難き
|ja_rm   = Meigetsu yo, Dou to Moshi Kataki
|ja_tl   = O Full Moon, What to Do with Troubles
|ko      = 야속한 그대 마음
|ko_rm   = Yasokan Geudae Maeum
|ko_tl   = Coldhearted Your Heart
|es      = A la luz de la luna
|es_tl   = By Moonlight
|fr      = Marche sous les rayons pâles
|fr_tl   = A Walk Under the Pale Beams
|ru      = Одиноко брожу при яркой луне
|ru_tl   = I Wander Alone By Radiant Moon
|th      = แสงจันทร์ชี้นำทาง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tiếc Thay Trăng Sáng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Bei deinen blassen Strahlen ziehe ich einsam umher
|de_tl   = By Your Pale Beams I Solitary Rove
|id      = Pucuk Dicinta Ulam Tiba
|id_tl   = "Getting something that was more than you expected"
|id_note = Indonesian proverb with no English equivalent. Literally means "Getting something that was more than you expected."
|pt      = Sob Teus Raios Pálidos Eu Caminho em Solidão
|pt_tl   = 
|ja_note = 明月 also means "harvest moon" which traditionally falls on the 15th day of the 8th lunar month.
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[es:A la luz de la luna]]
[[ja:明月よ、如何ともし難き]]
[[pt-br:Sob Teus Raios Pálidos Eu Caminho em Solidão]]
[[vi:Tiếc Thay Trăng Sáng]]