{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Calabash of Awakening.png
|set   = Husk of Opulent Dreams
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|A gourd that has been adorned with powdered gold and black paint. Its original color can no longer be discerned, but its main use seems to be as a performance prop.}}
'''Calabash of Awakening''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Husk of Opulent Dreams]].

==Description==
[[Amenoma Smithy|Amenoma]], [[Futsu Clan|Futsu]], [[Isshin Art|Isshin]], Hyakume, Senju.<br>
These were, once upon a time, the five branches of the [[Raiden Gokaden]],<br>
But today, only Amenoma still maintains its line of succession.<br>
While the Isshin line can just barely be said to have extant descendants.<br>
In the eyes of the people, this is just the natural result of the ravages of time.<br>
They never once suspected that such sudden falls from grace might have some hidden mystery behind them.

The wanderer would never admit to this.<br>
He would never admit that he had done this as an act of revenge against [[Niwa Hisahide|the bladesmith]].<br>
Nor would he ever mention the truth,<br>
That he had abandoned his schemes halfway because they had suddenly become dull.<br>
He would only say, in that tone of voice he had learned from a certain [[Il Dottore|researcher]]:<br>
"It was all just a little experiment into human nature."

In Inazuma's traditional theater, there is a certain character known as "Kunikuzushi."<br>
Such characters are often schemers and usurpers of nations.<br>
At the end of his wanderings, he chose this name as an act of his own will.<br>
And as for the name he had once used, even he no longer remembered it.

It is a norm in Inazuma's traditional theater to join the names of a play's three acts together to form the play's name.<br>
For example, "Sumirezome," "Sangetsu," and "Kogetsukan" come together,<br>
Thus forming the play "Sumirezome Sangetsu Kogetsukan."<br>
Perhaps a day will come when this body's adventures, its experiences,<br>
Will become tales to be passed along by mortals, distant memories that flow through the ley lines.<br>
But for now, his [[Everlasting Lord of Arcane Wisdom|third act]] is still ongoing.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Calabash of Awakening
|zhs      = 梦醒之瓢
|zhs_rm   = Mèngxǐng zhī Piáo
|zht      = 夢醒之瓢
|zht_rm   = Mèngxǐng zhī Piáo
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 夢醒の瓢箪
|ja_rm    = Musei no Hyoutan
|ja_tl    = Calabash of Awakening
|ko       = 꿈에서 깬 조롱박
|ko_tl    = Calabash of Awakening
|es       = Calabaza del Despertar
|es_tl    = Pumpkin of the Awakening
|fr       = Calebasse d'éveil
|fr_tl    = Calabash of Awakening
|ru       = Тыква пробуждения
|ru_tl    = Gourd of Awakening
|th       = Calabash of Awakening
|vi       = Hồ Lô Tỉnh Mộng
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Kalebasse des Erwachens
|de_tl    = Calabash of Awakening
|id       = Calabash of Awakening
|pt       = Despertar dos Sonhos
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Uyanış Matarası
|tr_tl    = Flask of Awakening
|it       = Calebassa del risveglio
|it_tl    = Calabash of Awakening
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Husk of Opulent Dreams}}

[[fr:Calebasse d'éveil]]
[[ja:夢醒の瓢箪]]
[[tr:Uyanış Matarası]]
[[vi:Hồ Lô Tỉnh Mộng]]
[[zh:夢醒之瓢]]