{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = NPC Callas.png
|realname         = Callas Caspar
|deceased         = Killed by [[Clorinde]] three years prior to the game's events
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Spina di Rosula
|affiliation2     = House of Caspar
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = Clementine
|sibling          = 
|child            = Navia
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Callas''' is a mentioned character in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''. He was [[Navia]]'s father and [[Clementine]]'s husband.

==Profile==
Callas was the former president of [[Spina di Rosula]]. The construction of the [[aquabus]]es was sponsored by Spina di Rosula, so the Aquabus Callas line is named after him.

According to [[Melus]] and [[Silver]], Callas was initially a respected man in Fontaine society, to the point where even [[Neuvillette]] and [[Clorinde]] spoke highly of him. He was bestowed the title of "Baron" by the [[Palais Mermonia]], but refused it because he thought it was hollow. He had also met [[Wriothesley]] before his death.

However, after Callas was accused of murder, many turned their backs on him, calling him "Callas the Unfaithful."<ref name='alr'>{{Ref/Quest|As Light Rain Falls Without Reason}}</ref>

===Appearance===
He had blond hair and blue eyes, and his right eye was covered by an eyepatch.

==Story==
Callas was the first president of the Spina di Rosula, a group dedicated to helping others and finding the truth when the local authorities could not. He had a daughter, Navia, but his wife Clementine died from complications following her birth.

At some point prior to the events of the game, Callas decided to enter a partnership with the [[Court of Fontaine]] and [[Fontaine Research Institute]] regarding the aquabus system, which he believed would improve relationships with the rest of Fontaine and also pay well in the future. This led to a deep clash with another Spina member, [[Romeuf]], who believed that the funds used for the aquabus construction would be better off improving Poisson. Callas disagreed with this, with Clementine supporting his decision. After she died, he decided to honor her request by going forth with the construction, which led to Romeuf leaving with a fair amount of other members on extremely bad terms, who likewise despised his entire family, including Navia, who they believed was no different than him.

Three years prior to the events of the game, Callas entered a partnership with [[Marcel (Fontaine)|Marcel]], who secretly created and sold the popular beverage known as [[Sinthe]] to the people of [[Poisson]]. However, Sinthe was actually water from the [[Primordial Sea]] diluted with regular water, which caused severe long-term side effects to those who drank it. Sinthe abuse eventually became a major problem, destroying many families in Fontaine. In response, Callas banned the drink and began to investigate its vendors, eventually convincing a seller named [[Jacques]] to work with him. Jacques' betrayal did not go unnoticed by his superiors, who ordered him to kill Callas. However, Jacques could not carry out the assassination, resulting in the mastermind hiring another person to commit the deed.

Callas later hosted a banquet by the countryside and went out to get some air, with Jacques following suit. Everyone at the banquet suddenly heard two gunshots, and when they arrived at the scene, they found Callas with the gun and Jacques dead on the ground; Callas was then apprehended and charged with murder. This shocked his benefactors, most of whom withdrew support from him, and he began to be called "Callas the Unfaithful" by the people. In reality, Jacques had been killed by the third assassin that Marcel had hired, who was in turn shot and killed by Callas. The mastermind then dissolved the assassin's body with Primordial Water, thus erasing any evidence that could have exonerated Callas, as the public did not know that Fontainians could be dissolved in Primordial Water.

Rather than standing trial at the [[Opera Epiclese]], Callas opted to maintain his innocence by facing the Champion Duelist Clorinde. Prior to the duel, he asked her to take care of his daughter for her, which she agreed to. Callas fought to the death in the ensuing duel and perished. These events confused Navia for many years, as Callas had kept his motives a secret from her, and caused her to have a strained relationship with Clorinde.

However, with the [[Traveler]]'s assistance, Navia discovered the truth—rather than defending himself in court and likely testifying against the Sinthe producers, which would have caused them to retaliate against her, Callas had chosen to die in the duel against Clorinde. Thus, for years after the incident, Marcel did not attempt to harm Navia, as this would have triggered Callas' associates to share crucial intel about the Sinthe business with the authorities. Armed with evidence the Traveler retrieved from Marcel's secret headquarters and Clorinde's testimony, Navia exposed Marcel in court and publically exonerated Callas' name.<ref name='alr' />

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* Callas' story is reminiscent of the story of {{w|Jean Calas}}, a French Protestant merchant falsely accused of strangling his son Marc-Antoine to death to allegedly prevent his conversion to Catholicism. Calas never confessed to the crime and was executed. Later, {{w|Voltaire}} wrote ''{{w|Treatise on Tolerance}}'' to denounce the religious intolerance displayed during the trial, which he alleged had caused Catholic society to turn against the Protestant Jean Calas. This publishing led to the reopening of the case and Calas' posthumous exoneration.
* The spelling of Callas' is similar to {{w|Maria Callas}}, a 20th-century opera singer.

==Gallery==
{{Files by Character Gallery|Callas Gallery Files}}
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Callas
|zhs     = 卡雷斯
|zhs_rm  = Kǎléisī
|zht     = 卡雷斯
|zht_rm  = Kǎléisī
|ja      = カーレス
|ja_rm   = Kaaresu
|ko      = 칼라스
|es      = Calas
|fr      = Callas
|ru      = Каллас
|th      = Callas
|vi      = Callas
|de      = Callas
|id      = Callas
|pt      = Callas
|tr      = Callas
|it      = Callas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Calas]]
[[vi:Callas]]