{{About|the Story Quest|the Archon Quest|Calm Before the Storm}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12002
|title         = Calm Before the Storm
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Fabulae Textile Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = Bookworm Swordsman
|character     = Xingqiu
|description   = Your secret investigation reveals that [[Gentry Maocai]]'s need to satisfy a deal he made with the Fatui is the reason why he is pressing [[Chang the Ninth]]. To aid Chang, [[Xingqiu]] has penned a letter to the [[Feiyun Commerce Guild]], in hopes that they will lend a hand.
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Know Thyself, Know Thy Enemy
|next          = Justice Is Its Own Reward
|exp           = 350
|mora          = 19,800
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|characters    = Bolai;Chang the Ninth;Changshun;Ivanovich;Paimon;Shizhuang the Strong;Traveler;Xingqiu;Xu
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Calm Before the Storm''' is the third part of [[Xingqiu]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Fabulae Textile Chapter]]: Act I - [[Bookworm Swordsman]].

==Steps==
# Deliver the [[letter]] to the servant at the [[Feiyun Commerce Guild]]
# Talk to [[Xu]] at the Feiyun Commerce Guild
#*You will receive [[A Huge Bag of Mora]]
# Go to the store and buy [[Cor Lapis]] (0/3)
#*Follow the quest markers and talk to [[Changshun]], [[Ivanovich]], and [[Bolai]].
# Go to the Chasm and buy Cor Lapis
#*Follow the quest marker and talk to [[Shizhuang the Strong]].
# Search for the carts loaded with Cor Lapis (0/5)
#*The carts are distinguishable from other ore carts in the area by the cream-colored blanket over its wares, as well as having a ({{DIcon}} Cart) option. Some of them will be guarded by hilichurls.
# Tell Shizhuang the Strong where to find Cor Lapis
# Purchase [[Chang the Ninth]]'s ore

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Feiyun Commerce Guild)
<!-- This doesn't show up for me. It's probably a bug. -->
:{{A|vo xqlq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here we are at the Feiyun Commerce Guild. There sure are a lot of swanky places in Liyue Harbor!
:{{A|vo xqlq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go give them the letter.

;(Talk to Xu at the Feiyun Commerce Guild)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Excuse us! We come bearing news of a matter requiring you assistance. Uh, it's all in this letter.
:{{DIcon}} Why are you suddenly talking like Xingqiu...
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 01.ogg}} '''Xu:''' A letter? Oh, I see... This again...
:{{DIcon}} Again?
:{{DIcon}} You know something about this?
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 02.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Oh, don't mind me, I was just speculating. Let me give this a read.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can he actually read this thing? ...Is it even written in the common tongue?
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 03.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Hmm... Yes, this script is inimitable by the uninitiated.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 04.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Honored guests, you must both be weary from your long journey. Please allow the Feiyun Commerce Guild to be your hosts for tonight.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, what?
:{{DIcon}} We're not here to stay.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 05.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Please rest assured that the matter written about has been duly received. We just need some time to prepare.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 06.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Please take a seat here in Liuli Pavilion, where you may take some light refreshments while enjoying the ocean view. Consider it a small token of our esteem.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay, tasty snacks! They're giving us the VIP treatment!
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 07.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Of course. We treat visitors with the utmost respect here at the Feiyun Commerce Guild. When honored guests grace us with their presence, far be it from us to shirk our duty to them.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 08.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Please, this way.

;(You follow Xu to Liuli Pavilion...)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And Paimon thought we'd get kicked out or turned away at the door!
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't think Guhua Geek had so much clout...
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 09.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Thank you for your patience.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 10.ogg}} '''Xu:''' With the amount of wealth and power Gentry Maocai has, it will take more than a slap on the wrist to get through to him.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 11.ogg}} '''Xu:''' For him to correct the error of his ways, he must feel for himself the same suffering he has inflicted on Chang the Ninth.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 12.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Since Gentry Maocai's business has to do with Cor Lapis, we simply need to buy up all the stock there is in Liyue. That will put him in a rather sticky situation.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 13.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Deprived of the necessary raw materials, even the best craftsperson in Teyvat would be unable to make their product.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great idea! That'll be sure to mess things up between him and the Fatui.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... Liyue is huge. Is it really possible to buy up every last bit of Cor Lapis in the harbor?
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 14.ogg}} '''Xu:''' With the timescale we are on, it is indeed a challenge. Hence, as stated in the letter, we must ask for your further cooperation in the matter.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 15.ogg}} '''Xu:''' First, there are a number of vendors in the city you will need to buy from. I've marked their respective locations on your map.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 16.ogg}} '''Xu:''' There is also some unsold Cor Lapis at the Chasm. You will need to purchase that too.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 17.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Finally, there is Chang the Ninth's batch.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alrighty... so three sellers in the city, another one at the Chasm, and then Chang the Ninth. Roger that!
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 18.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Of course, we are not expecting you to cover the costs.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so many Mora! ...With cash like this, Paimon could rent out Liuli Pavilion and eat there for a whole month!
:{{DIcon}} The Feiyun Commerce Guild is certainly generous with its resources.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 19.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Heh. Well, this is not the first time we've had to do something like this. It's just par for the course now.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 20.ogg}} '''Xu:''' All you need to do is strike a deal. The Feiyun Commerce Guild will handle the transportation and other trifling matters.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 xu 21.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Once you have purchased all the Cor Lapis, please proceed to the Feiyun Commerce Guild's warehouse where you can see the rest of the plan unfold.

;(After earlier dialogue)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gotta hand it to Guhua Geek... This is some seriously solid work for a guy who lives in a fantasy world.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's do this in the order the guy said. First the sellers in the city, then the Chasm, and then last but not least &mdash; Chang the Ninth.
----
;(Talk to Bolai)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 bolai 01.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Oi! Shhh! Keep your voice down!
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I'll take all your Cor Lapis.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 bolai 02.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' All of it? Though my business may not seem so big, I should warn that I can get what you need, both legitimately and... not so legitimately. Best you give me an actual number.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 bolai 03.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' All of it would be far more than you actually want.
:{{DIcon}} It's for the Feiyun Commerce Guild.
::{{A|vo xqlq003 4 bolai 04a.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Fei&mdash; Feiyun Commerce Guild!? Well, why didn't you say so?
:{{DIcon}} Feiyun Commerce Guild only ever does legal business.
::{{A|vo xqlq003 4 bolai 04b.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' What are you saying? Of course my business is all above board. Feiyun Commerce Guild, you say... Hmm.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 bolai 05.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' If it's for the Feiyun Commerce Guild, then sign on the dotted line, and I'll start getting things in order right away!

;(Talk to Changshun)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 changshun 01.ogg}} '''Changshun:''' Hi. Anything I can do for you?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I'll take all your Cor Lapis.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 changshun 02.ogg}} '''Changshun:''' You want ALL my Cor Lapis? Ahh, I've already agreed to several orders.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 changshun 03.ogg}} '''Changshun:''' That said, none are in writing. The buyers are being incredibly indecisive.
:{{DIcon}} Then let the Feiyun Commerce Guild take it off your hands.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 changshun 04.ogg}} '''Changshun:''' Oh, it's for the Feiyun Commerce Guild? Hmm, seems business trends are about to change in Liyue...
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 changshun 05.ogg}} '''Changshun:''' Oh, ahh... nothing. Just talking to myself. Come, let us sign a contract.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 changshun 06.ogg}} '''Changshun:''' Don't worry about my prior client, he hadn't made any down payments or anything. Quite common in the industry.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 changshun 07.ogg}} '''Changshun:''' Thank you for your patronage, we hope the Feiyun Commerce Guild will continue to do business with us!

;(Talk to Ivanovich)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 ivanovich 01.ogg}} '''Ivanovich:''' Good day, my friend! My apologies, but I am out of stock at the moment. Please try again next time.
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Are you out of Cor Lapis too?
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 ivanovich 02.ogg}} '''Ivanovich:''' Oh, I thought you were here to purchase Snezhnayan products.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 ivanovich 03.ogg}} '''Ivanovich:''' No, that I still have, although I ship it all to factories in Snezhnaya. I don't do retail.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 ivanovich 04.ogg}} '''Ivanovich:''' Too much hassle, not enough return. Sorry.
:{{DIcon}} Does "we'll take it all" still count as retail?
:{{DIcon}} So you're rejecting the Feiyun Commerce Guild's business?
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 ivanovich 05.ogg}} '''Ivanovich:''' Wha&mdash; Ah, no, no, no. Give me a second to think. Um...
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 ivanovich 06.ogg}} '''Ivanovich:''' A&mdash;Alright, I'll do it. Just need you to sign for it.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 4 ivanovich 07.ogg}} '''Ivanovich:''' (Clearly no shortage of cashflow in Liyue...)

;(After talking to all merchants)
<!-- This doesn't show up for me. It's probably a bug. -->
:{{A|vo xqlq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haha, this is going well! Everything's so much easier when you've got stacks of Mora... Next stop, the Chasm!
----
;(Talk to Shizhuang the Strong)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello there, are you in charge of the Cor Lapis here?
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 shizhuang 01.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' Aha, finally! I thought you might come &mdash; I hear the Feiyun Commerce Guild has been buying up all the Cor Lapis in Liyue Harbor.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 shizhuang 02.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' As it happens, I do have a batch of Cor Lapis that hasn't been shipped yet. It's all yours if you name the right price.
:{{DIcon}} I have a bad feeling about this...
:{{DIcon}} How much does it cost, exactly?
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 shizhuang 03.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' The original buyer's price was already quite high, so... The best I can do is 7,000,000 Mora.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you serious!? We spent less than 2,000,000 Mora on the rest of Liyue's stock put together!
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 shizhuang 04.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' I'm afraid it has to go to the highest bidder. I'm breaching an existing agreement by selling to you, so it has to be worth my while.
:{{DIcon}} That's over four times what it should be, you crook!
:{{DIcon}} It's poor form to just raise the price without good grounds.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 shizhuang 05.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' Look, you have your problems to deal with and I have mine. You can take it or leave it, so if you're not buying, please leave me alone.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, alright! We'll pay, even if it is a ridiculous price.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When we get back, we'll just have to tell the guild that we'll sell to this gentleman at four times the normal price in the future.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 shizhuang 06.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' Wait! Surely there's... no need for that?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe you should think twice before affronting the Feiyun Commerce Guild!
:{{DIcon}} Take our money and hand over the goods!
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 shizhuang 07.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' Please, don't do this. It's not even your money, why be so frugal with it?
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It might be the Guild's money, but we'll have a tough time explaining to our boss why we spent so much in one go.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If he asks, all we can do is mention your name and say you gouged us over the price...
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 shizhuang 08.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' I&mdash; I understand... I'm sorry, please, I don't want any trouble with the Guild.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 shizhuang 09.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' There's just one other thing, though... There's been an issue with the delivery of this batch. Several carts were ambushed by hilichurls.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 shizhuang 10.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' I don't know where, exactly. But if I can't retrieve the goods, I can't sell them to you either.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 shizhuang 11.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' So... maybe you could go and look for the carts? There should be five of them in total. If you can find them all and tell me where they are, I'll sign the contract right away.
:{{DIcon}} You have a deal!
::{{A|vo xqlq003 6 shizhuang 12a.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' Thank you very much. This is a lot to ask, I know.
:{{DIcon}} Market price?
::{{A|vo xqlq003 6 shizhuang 12b.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' Oh, yes of course... I mean, I do hope to carry on doing business in Liyue in the future.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's that then. Well, no time to lose. Come on, (Traveler).

;(Talk to Shizhuang the Strong)
:{{A|vo dialog xqlq003 shizhuang 01.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' Found them all? I remember there are five carts in total.
:{{A|vo dialog xqlq003 shizhuang 02.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' They shouldn't be far. Thanks again for helping me find them.
----
;(Cart north of the quest area)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw yeah, we found it! Check out all that Cor Lapis!
:{{A|vo xqlq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Make a note of the location. We'll send the Feiyun Commerce Guild to collect it later.

;(Cart southeast of the quest area)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here we go! Loads of Cor Lapis here.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Quick, make note of the location.

;(Cart northwest of the quest area)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see... Yep, that's it!

;(Cart west of the quest area)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's it, alright. That's a big old stash of Cor Lapis.

;(Cart northeast of the quest area)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Another one down!

;(After finding all the carts)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That guy said there were five carts in total. So that should be all of them.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's get back. Phew, this has all been quite exhausting for poor little Paimon! He definitely owes Paimon some snacks...
----
;(Talk to Shizhuang after finding all carts)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here, we've made a note of the carts' locations. All five of them. Can you sell us the Cor Lapis now?
:{{A|vo xqlq003 8 shizhuang 01.ogg}} '''Shizhuang the Strong:''' Ah wonderful, thank you both. Yes, let's make this official. I also hope you could put in a good work with your boss for me.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Done and dusted! Yeah!
:{{DIcon}} Nice work back there, Paimon.
::{{A|vo xqlq003 8 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We make a great team, don't we?
:{{DIcon}} How did you know that bluff would work?
::{{A|vo xqlq003 8 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's got a knack for this business malarkey, don't ya think?
:{{A|vo xqlq003 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now for the final stop on our Cor Lapis crawl &mdash; to Chang the Ninth's place!
----
;(Talk to Chang the Ninth)
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 changtheninth 01.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Just who I was hoping to see! I was just thinking to myself, Gentry Maocai's thugs have been mysteriously absent for a while now...
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 changtheninth 02.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' You wouldn't know anything about that, would you?
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, don't worry... You won't be hearing from them again!
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 changtheninth 03.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Oh? ...W&mdash;What happened?
:{{DIcon}} Not only that, but we'd like to purchase your Cor Lapis.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 changtheninth 04.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Eh!? ...O&mdash;Oh, I see now &mdash; you're in this trade too. So, you're trying to beat him to the post, eh? Appearances can be deceiving, that's for sure.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 changtheninth 05.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' ...But I don't care who you are, a discount of seventy percent is simply impossible. The maximum I can do is forty percent off, and even then I'm only breaking even&mdash;
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No need. We'll take it at the market rate.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 changtheninth 06.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' You mean... you're not trying to force the price down? ...Wh&mdash;What's going on!? Have I died and gone to heaven!?
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 changtheninth 07.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' I can't believe it! I will make a profit on this batch after all!
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 changtheninth 08.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' ...But Gentry Maocai's thugs could still come back after I've sold it...
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If Paimon told you they're not gonna bother you again, then you'd better believe they're not gonna bother you again!
:{{DIcon}} Rest assured, you are safe selling to us.
:{{DIcon}} Just trust me.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 changtheninth 09.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Hmm... Okay then. My situation can hardly get worse from here in any case.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 changtheninth 10.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' But tell me, what on earth do you plan to do with so much Cor Lapis?
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually, it's for a commission. Can't go into too much detail.
:{{DIcon}} We'll send someone to collect the goods later.
:{{DIcon}} See, things are never quite as bad as they seem.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 changtheninth 11.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' Thank you, thank you a million times over! I really don't know what to say...
:{{DIcon}} Don't thank us yet, wait till we've finished at least.
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good people always get what's coming to them in the end... And so will the nasty people!
:{{A|vo xqlq003 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's get going, (Traveler), because apparently we have a show to watch at the Feiyun Commerce Guild's warehouse!

;(Talk to Chang the Ninth)
:{{A|vo dialog xqlq003 changtheninth 01.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' I can't begin to thank you enough, with this there is finally hope for my business again!
:{{A|vo dialog xqlq003 changtheninth 02.ogg}} '''Chang the Ninth:''' I wasn't exactly my most polite to your earlier &mdash; I really am sorry. <!--'your' is an ingame typo-->
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Completing this quest adds a dialogue option to the Chapter I, Act II [[Archon Quest]] [[Three Poignant Perfumes]], while speaking to Bolai for [[Silk Flower]]s.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Calm Before the Storm
|zhs     = 山雨欲来风满楼
|zhs_rm  = Shānyǔ Yùlái Fēng Mǎn Lóu
|zht     = 山雨欲來風滿樓
|zht_rm  = Shānyǔ Yùlái Fēng Mǎn Lóu
|zh_tl   = The Rain is Coming as the Wind Filling in
|ja      = 嵐の前
|ja_rm   = Arashi no Mae
|ja_tl   = Before the Storm
|ko      = 폭풍 전야
|ko_rm   = Pokpung Jeonya
|ko_tl   = Calm Before the Storm
|es      = La calma antes de la tormenta
|es_tl   = Calm Before the Storm
|fr      = Mauvais présages
|fr_tl   = Bad Omens
|ru      = Дурные знамения
|ru_tl   = Bad Omens
|th      = ความสงบก่อนพายุถาโถม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bầu Không Khí Trước Cuộc Chiến
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ruhe vor dem Sturm
|de_tl   = Calm Before The Storm
|id      = Langit Cerah Sebelum Badai
|id_tl   = Bright Sky Before the Storm
|pt      = Calmaria antes de tempestade
|pt_tl   = Calm Before the Storm
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}