{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11019
|image         = Story Quest Candidature Analysis.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Umbrabilis Orchis Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = Calculated Gambit
|character     = Yelan
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Seven-Star Selection
|next          = Foregone Conclusion
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*575;Mora*34,075;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|characters    = Bolai; Dugu Shuo; Iron Shoulder; Linlang; Paimon; Qiping; Shanghua; Traveler; Uncle Gao; Uncle Sun; Wenyuan; Wupei; Yelan; Zhiyi
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Candidature Analysis''' is the second part of {{Quest|Calculated Gambit}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the North Wharf to look for [[Bolai]]
# Talk to Bolai
#Listen to [[Zhiyi]] and [[Linlang]] chat
#* The [[Traveler]] will enter [[Stealth]]; Linlang ignores line of sight
# Talk to [[Yelan]]
# Go and check the South Wharf
# Talk to [[Uncle Sun]]
# Continue looking for clues at the wharf (0/2)
#* Talk to [[Uncle Gao]]
#* Talk to [[Dugu Shuo]]
# Go back to [[Yanshang Teahouse]] and check the manifesto
# Check the manifesto carefully
# Go to [[Blackcliff Forge]] to investigate
#* Pick up {{Item|Worksite Records}}
# Talk to [[Iron Shoulder]] about the newcomers at the forge
# Follow the footprints
# Investigate the abandoned camp (0/4)
#*Investigate Strange Traces
#*Investigate Compacted Mud
#*Investigate Burned-Out Fire
#*Investigate Pile of Leaves
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* something about stealth for step 2
-->

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Yelan does not seem particularly reassured by Zhiyi and decides to go down to the wharf to speak to Bolai and find out how well he is rated by others.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yllq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, what's Bolai doing here today?

;(Talk to Bolai)
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 bolai 01.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Look, your asking price for this batch is just too high. I can't buy in at this price. How am I supposed to turn a profit?
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 qiping 01.ogg}} '''Qiping:''' Come on, hear me out. I'm telling you, this is the single best batch of Sunsettias ever. You won't find anyone who disputes that.
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 qiping 02.ogg}} '''Qiping:''' I accidentally dropped one into a well, and even the water turned sweet!
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 bolai 02.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Even so...
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 qiping 03.ogg}} '''Qiping:''' Shhh, alright, alright, I'll let you in on a little secret. The boss of Second Life also wants to buy from me, but I haven't responded yet.
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 qiping 04.ogg}} '''Qiping:''' If you won't take them, I'll just have to partner with them instead, and neither of us wants that.
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 bolai 03.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Okay, well, when you put it that way... I'll accept your asking price. I'll take all your stock. Don't sell a single one to Second Life!
:{{Black Screen|The trader who was negotiating with Bolai leaves...}}
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 bolai 04.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Oh, what are you doing here?
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 bolai 05.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' And to be clear, these Sunsettias are mine. I got to them first, don't get any ideas!
:{{DIcon}} Knock yourself out...
:{{DIcon}} I've got more than enough in my bag...
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually, we want to ask you about a guy called Zhiyi. Have you heard of him before?
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 bolai 06.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Zhiyi? Yes, he's quite well-known.
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 bolai 07.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' I've heard a story about him. They say he was born into poverty, his parents died when he was young, and he was treated cruelly by the local community.
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 bolai 08.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' One of his neighbors was terribly rude to him all the time, but Zhiyi never retaliated &mdash; and when his neighbor went bankrupt, he even helped support the family.
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 bolai 09.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' He returned cruelty with kindness, injustice with peace offerings... A gentleman of talent and character and&mdash; Oh... how did I not notice him sooner? In fact, maybe I'm not too late. If I could hire him to be the brand ambassador for Wanyou Boutique...
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He sounds like a decent man! We can finally breathe a sigh of relief!
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 bolai 10.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Why are you asking about him, anyway? You aren't... looking for a brand ambassador too, are you?
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 bolai 11.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Well then, in that case, the higher bidder takes the... Hmm? Ah, that's Zhiyi right over there. Why don't we go and talk to him?
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where, where?
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' It's him alright. Looks like he's chatting with Linlang, {{Traveler}}... Come on, let's follow them and listen in.
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Try not to let him see you. We want this information to be as truthful as possible.
:{{A|vo yllq002 2 bolai 12.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' I'll just go and fetch an employment contract... And hey, don't try and cut me out of this! Heeey!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You happen to come across Zhiyi and Linlang chatting. Go and listen in.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If the player restarted the stealth section after failing)
::{{A|vo yllq002 2 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Try not to let him see you. We want this information to be as truthful as possible.

;(During the Stealth section)
:{{A|vo yllq002 3 linglang 01.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' I understand... Let's walk and talk.
:{{A|vo yllq002 3 linglang 02.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' So, you're looking to buy a wineware set?
:{{A|vo yllq002 3 linglang 03.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' Now, I can see that you're a connoisseur, so I won't bother trying to con you. I trust you understand our shop quite well?
:{{A|vo yllq002 3 zhiyi 01.ogg}} '''Zhiyi:''' The truth is, an old friend of mine, who likes to have a drink now and then...
:{{A|vo yllq002 3 zhiyi 02.ogg}} '''Zhiyi:''' He fancies himself as a man of culture, but doesn't care for needless extravagance. So I thought I might buy him a set of high-quality fakes.
:{{A|vo yllq002 3 linglang 04.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' How very thoughtful of you. Leave it to me, then. Come and collect it at Xigu Antiques whenever is convenient.
:{{A|vo yllq002 3 zhiyi 03.ogg}} '''Zhiyi:''' Thank you very much, Ms. Linlang.
:{{A|vo yllq002 3 linglang 05.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' It's my pleasure, Mr. Zhiyi. These days, it's quite rare for someone of your standing to still keep up with their old friends. It's nice to see.
:{{A|vo yllq002 3 linglang 06.ogg}} '''Linlang:''' I'll be sure to pick out a good set for you. You can count on me.

;(If the player gets too far away)
::{{A|vo yllq002 3 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' What are you waiting for? We won't hear anything at this rate.
::{{Black Screen|Yelan has serious doubts about your tailing skills...}}
:;(Stealth section restarts)

;(If the player gets too close)
::{{A|vo yllq002 3 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' What's the hurry? Don't get too close, or he'll see you.
::{{Black Screen|Yelan has serious doubts about your tailing skills...}}
:;(Stealth section restarts)

;(After the Stealth section)
:{{A|vo yllq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Zhiyi seems to get along really well with everyone.
:{{A|vo yllq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you satisfied now, Yelan? Seems like everyone thinks Zhiyi's a great guy.
:{{A|vo yllq002 4 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' We shouldn't jump to conclusions just yet. Let's go check out the wharf where he usually goes fishing.
:{{A|vo yllq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, do we have to...
:{{A|vo yllq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you're not just trying to dig up some dirt on Zhiyi because you wanna be Tianshu yourself, are you?
:{{A|vo yllq002 4 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Maybe I am, maybe I'm not. But hey, if I do become Tianshu, I'll look out for you guys.
:{{A|vo yllq002 4 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You'll be able to try all the finest food for free. How does that sound?
:{{A|vo yllq002 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We will!? Well come on, off to the South Wharf we go!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Yelan suggests going to the south wharf to investigate. Will the people there have a different opinion of Zhiyi?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the wharf)
:{{A|vo yllq002 6 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The wharf is as busy as ever.
:{{A|vo yllq002 6 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I hear the anglers here sometimes sell their fish to the nearby fishmongers. Hmm, let's see what Uncle Sun has to say.

;(Talk to Uncle Sun)
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 unclesun 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Sun:''' Welcome, what would you like to buy today?
:{{DIcon}} We're here to ask you about someone.
:{{DIcon}} We're here to buy some... information.
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Sorry to interrupt. We're actually members of the, uh... Liyue Anglers Association, and we just wanted to ask a few questions about someone.
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' We've heard about this young man called Zhiyi who's supposed to be a fantastic fisherman. Just wondering if you happened to have heard of him?
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... Yelan made up a whole fake identity without batting an eyelid...
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 unclesun 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Sun:''' Ah yes, Zhiyi. He's been making quite a name for himself recently. I've got some friends who travel all over the place, and they tell me everywhere they go they meet someone who's heard of him.
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 unclesun 03.ogg}} '''Uncle Sun:''' Apparently, he had a rather tough time growing up. Had to work several jobs alongside his studies to make ends meet.
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 unclesun 04.ogg}} '''Uncle Sun:''' How does that saying go &mdash; what doesn't kill you makes you stronger? Well, if there's anything to that logic, he's sure to be phenomenally successful one day.
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we think so, too!
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 unclesun 05.ogg}} '''Uncle Sun:''' But I'm afraid your Anglers Association might be in for a disappointment.
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Oh, why's that?
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 unclesun 06.ogg}} '''Uncle Sun:''' He's good at a lot of things, but fishing isn't one of them. He fishes at the wharf, and sells what he catches to me on occasion.
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 unclesun 07.ogg}} '''Uncle Sun:''' His catches are always mediocre. Not terrible, but equally nothing to write home about. If you're looking to recruit some new members, though, I do know a few top anglers I could put you in touch with...
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' That sounds fantastic. I've got a couple of other things to attend to right now, though, so... why don't I come back some other time, and we can chat over a drink?
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 unclesun 08.ogg}} '''Uncle Sun:''' Sure thing. See you!
:{{A|vo yllq002 7 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' "Everywhere they go, they meet someone who's heard of him." Hmm... C'mon, let's keep asking around.
----
;(Talk to Uncle Gao)
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 unclegao 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' Here to buy some fish? It's 300 for one or 3 for 1,000!
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 unclegao 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' You better hurry, when they're gone, they're gone!
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hello, we're from the Society for Fish Price Research. We'd just like to ask a few questions.
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... She switched identity again...
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 unclegao 03.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' Society for... Fish Price Research? I haven't done anything illegal, stay out of my business!
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Please don't worry, we're just here to conduct a simple survey.
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' We've heard about a certain Zhiyi who's been selling fresh fish at low prices in this area recently. Do you know anything about this?
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 unclegao 04.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' So this isn't about me. You should have said something, you know. I know the guy, I can tell you what I know.
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 unclegao 05.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' I haven't heard anything about him selling fresh fish at low prices, but it wouldn't surprise me if it was him.
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, why's that?
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 unclegao 06.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' Because he's so poor. His parents died when he was very young and his alcoholic father still owed a huge amount of debt. No one wanted to have anything to do with him.
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 unclegao 07.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' He was still a kid when he first came to the wharf. His clothes were ragged, and he had a bandage wrapped around his head.
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 unclegao 08.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' He managed to survive thanks to Uncle Tian, who gave him some food. But still, to this day, he doesn't have a lot of Mora to his name.
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 unclegao 09.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' I mean, he can afford to eat and everything, but you'll often see him haggling with others over just a few Mora. So I wouldn't be surprised to find out he's been selling a few fish.
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 unclegao 10.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' It's not like he catches much anyway, so it's not going to affect my business. Oh... Don't tell him I said that.
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You'd rather he didn't know?
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 unclegao 11.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' Well... I spoke to him once, briefly, and I just had a feeling that he really cares what other people think of him.
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 unclegao 12.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' I think he has pretty low self-esteem... But hey, it's hardly my place to say anything. What he's achieved already puts most people to shame.
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 unclegao 13.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' Nobody's perfect. I just wouldn't want to upset him, that's all.
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I see. Well, thank you for sharing that with us.
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 unclegao 14.ogg}} '''Uncle Gao:''' Not a problem. And just for the record, there's absolutely nothing wrong with the price of my fish!
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The more times you say it, the less convincing it becomes...
:{{A|vo yllq002 8 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' "Doesn't have a lot of Mora to his name"... Okay, let's keep going.

;(Talk to Dugu Shuo)
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 01.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Hey, it's you guys. Wait, what's the phrase... Oh yeah, "Honored to meet you!"
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 02.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' What brings you to me?
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The truth is, we are but newcomers to this territory. We heard tell of a great martial artist, Master Dugu, who knows everything there is to know. Hence, we sought you out to ask for your guidance.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 03.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' R&mdash;Really? People said... I know everything there is to know?
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' But of course. We also heard that Master Dugu is a kind and virtuous swordsman who never turns away anyone who comes with questions.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 04.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Great... Ahem, so, what do you wish to know? Nothing happens on this street that I don't know about.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... Now she's lying to a kid!
:{{DIcon}} But it seems to have made his day...
:{{DIcon}} I guess it's a white lie...
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' So, Master Dugu. Have you heard of one by the name of Zhiyi?
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 05.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Sure have! You mean that guy that all the grownups are talking about these days?
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 06.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' ...I've heard many tales of Zhiyi. For example... um... I can't remember...
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 07.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Probably 'cause it's nothing that important. I prefer stories about sword-fighting heroes!
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Oh, I can completely understand that. Then let me ask you this... Do you remember roughly when the grownups started talking about Zhiyi?
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 08.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Ooh, yeah, I know that! It was about two or three months ago!
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 09.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Before that, people always used to talk about Zhiyi in a kinda nasty tone of voice... but two or three months ago, suddenly everyone started to like him.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 10.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Sometimes, he gives me candies. So I'm glad that people are starting to like him now!
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Just as I thought...
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 11.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Huh? What do you mean?
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I mean, just as I thought, Master Dugu is indeed as kind and virtuous as the legends claim.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 12.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Heh... I'm not THAT great...
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 13.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Oh yeah, one other thing. These days, there's a lot of people I've never seen before talking about Zhiyi's stories in the street. They seemed like nice people.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Oh, definitely.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 14.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Great! So next time I see them, I'll say hi! And... I guess I can share some of my candies with them, too.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Certainly! You can also tell my friend in Yanshang Teahouse about what they're up to. I'm sure my friend would also like to say hi to them.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 15.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Thank you, Ma'am!
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You're welcome! Well then... Fare thee well, Master Dugu.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 dugushuo 16.ogg}} '''Dugu Shuo:''' Until we meet again!
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Any of that sound strange to you?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I heard it.
:{{DIcon}} I'm completely lost right now.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Strange? What was strange about it?
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Zhiyi seems to have a great reputation. Uncle Sun and Uncle Gao spoke highly of him, and Dugu Shuo seems to like him, too...
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 11.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' True, but the issue is... where did his sudden celebrity come from? It almost seems too good to be true.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sudden? Too good to be true? What do you mean?
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 12.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' So he returns cruelty with kindness, and had to work to support his studies... These are the kinds of things that make someone well-known in their hometown. But Uncle Sun said even his friends who travel far and wide hear about him wherever they go. That's a little over the top, if you ask me.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 13.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Do you remember what Dugu Shuo said about Zhiyi's stories? Clearly they left him with a good impression of the guy, but beyond that he wasn't interested in the details. That's the reaction I would expect from any normal person.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 14.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Plus there's the fact that all this praise of Zhiyi has only been happening within the last two or three months.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 15.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' His childhood, his studies, the thing with his neighbor... None of these are recent events. So why are these stories only going around now?
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When you put it like that, it is kinda strange...
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 16.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Of course, if that's all there was to it, I wouldn't look into it any further.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 17.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Zhiyi was born into a poor family. Paying people to get his stories out there is within the rules of the game, as far as I'm concerned.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 18.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The problem is... do you remember what Uncle Gao said about him? He's stayed poor his whole life. Everything he's earned, he's either spent on studying, traveling, or paying off debts. I don't think he has the Mora to pay for a publicity campaign.
:{{DIcon}} Someone's helping him.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he's working with someone.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 19.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Right, and that changes everything... It could mean a powerful faction is trying to gain influence over the Liyue Qixing.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 20.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' That's the worst-case scenario, but all too often, the most pessimistic speculation turns out to be the closest to the truth.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Someone's trying to gain influence over the Qixing? That sounds serious. What should we do?
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even if we asked Zhiyi about it, surely there's no way he'd admit it.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 21.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' First we need to find out who's supporting him... Don't worry, I've got a plan.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 22.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Remember the Current Affairs and Planning stage of the assessment? Since the successful candidate is duty bound to implement their plan after taking office, their manifesto tells us their stance on key issues.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 23.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Whoever is secretly helping Zhiyi must be seeking to benefit from his actions after his appointment. So we should be able to find some hints in Zhiyi's manifesto on who we're dealing with.
:{{A|vo yllq002 9 yelan 24.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Come on, let's get back to Yanshang Teahouse.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Although everyone seems to have a good opinion of Zhiyi, Yelan still finds a few things that are off. Go back to Yanshang Teahouse and carefully examine the manifesto he sent in.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Teahouse)
:{{A|vo yllq002 10 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Zhiyi's manifesto covers a huge range of topics. Looking for details that don't add up will be like trying to find a needle in a haystack.
:{{A|vo yllq002 10 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I'll divide the reports into two piles. You take one, I'll take the other. When we're finished, we'll put our heads together.
:{{A|vo yllq002 10 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Officially, the assessment is already over, and I'll be expected to announce the results before long. So we have to get to the bottom of this as quickly as we can.
:{{A|vo yllq002 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes! We'd better hurry.
:{{A|vo yllq002 10 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Whatever else Uncle Tian might think of Zhiyi, the fact remains that he's one of his favorite students.
:{{A|vo yllq002 10 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Any evidence he's left is not going to be immediately obvious. We'll have to look carefully, and think critically.

;(Talk to Yelan again)
:{{A|vo dialog yllq002 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Made any discoveries?
:{{A|vo dialog yllq002 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not so far... But we're still looking!

;(Examine the manifesto)
:{{A|vo yllq002 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... Even though Yelan took half, this is still a lot to get through...
:{{A|vo yllq002 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we gotta start somewhere.
:{{DIcon}} Read Chapter: "Sea"
::'''Zhiyi's Manifesto:''' Due to a variety of factors, sea storms have become stronger in recent years.
::'''Zhiyi's Manifesto:''' I suggest we set up a special patrol unit to deal with sea monsters. The fleet should consist of the following...
::'''Zhiyi's Manifesto:''' (Covers various issues related to coastal defense...)
:{{DIcon}} Read Chapter: "Rock"
::'''Zhiyi's Manifesto:''' Much of Liyue's folklore suggests that Rex Lapis left a great deal of wealth in the mountains of Liyue.
::'''Zhiyi's Manifesto:''' However, due to obstacles hindering the excavation operation at The Chasm, many projects have been called off.
::'''Zhiyi's Manifesto:''' The workers of the Blackcliff Forge have been idle near the [[Golden House]] for a long time now. They should be given first refusal if any suitable projects arise...
::'''Zhiyi's Manifesto:''' (Covers mining, tunnel construction, and ruin exploration...)
:{{DIcon}} Read Chapter: "Roads"
::'''Zhiyi's Manifesto:''' The treacherous terrain around Huaguang Stone Forest and Qingyun Peak means the area has weak transport links.
::'''Zhiyi's Manifesto:''' The sheer mountain peaks are connected only by rope bridges. They are dangerous to walk on and wholly unsuited to the transportation of goods.
::'''Zhiyi's Manifesto:''' These areas are rich in medicinal herbs and ore deposits. Building a road network around the mountains would be beneficial for everyone...
::'''Zhiyi's Manifesto:''' (Covers plans to build roads and bridges.)
;(After reading all 3 sections)
:{{DIcon}} Stop reading.
:{{A|vo yllq002 11 paimon 03d 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All this reading is giving Paimon a headache...
:{{A|vo yllq002 11 paimon 03d 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's take a break.

:{{A|vo yllq002 12 shanghua 01.ogg}} '''Shanghua:''' Aha, looks like I'm the first one back, as usual.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hey, it's one of Yelan's little helpers, Shanghua!
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you're back, that means... that means you've finished investigating Qianwei, right?
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 shanghua 02.ogg}} '''Shanghua:''' You betcha. I visited all the commerce guilds and gathered a wealth of information. Every time they asked me to leave, but I always had another trick up my sleeve...
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Don't drag this out. Just tell us your findings.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 shanghua 03.ogg}} '''Shanghua:''' Yes, Lady Yelan.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 shanghua 04.ogg}} '''Shanghua:''' To summarize my findings, most people who've had interactions with Qianwei will start out complaining about how proud and arrogant he is, but then go on to give a generally positive appraisal of him.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 shanghua 05.ogg}} '''Shanghua:''' The young master of the [[Feiyun Commerce Guild]] said that Qianwei appears arrogant, but he's very scrupulous in the way he works.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 shanghua 06.ogg}} '''Shanghua:''' Once he signs a contract with somebody, he treats them fairly regardless of their background.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who'd have thought!
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Is it possible that his reputation is fake? Is there any way you can check the accounts of the businesses under his name?
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 shanghua 07.ogg}} '''Shanghua:''' In theory, that should be very difficult. But here's the thing... I asked around and found out that almost all of Qianwei's accounts are open to the public.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 shanghua 08.ogg}} '''Shanghua:''' Where he buys from and sells to should be confidential business information, but he doesn't seem interested in protecting it at all.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 shanghua 09.ogg}} '''Shanghua:''' Qianwei often sees business opportunities that others don't. But once he's made enough Mora off of it, it's like he gets sick of it and releases all of his trade secrets.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 shanghua 10.ogg}} '''Shanghua:''' It's like he wants people to know that they still can't beat him even if he shares all of his secrets. The fact that someone like that can still make Mora is pretty infuriating when you think about it!
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a strange guy. It's like he's not doing business to make Mora, but instead...
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' To validate his theories. No wonder his manifesto contains so many insights &mdash; it's all the result of his firsthand experimentation.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 wenyuan 01.ogg}} '''Wenyuan:''' I'm back... Huh? How come you're here?
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 shanghua 11.ogg}} '''Shanghua:''' Why do you think? Obviously, because I possess superior skills and am always one step ahead of the competition... Well, when you're the competition, at least.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 wenyuan 02.ogg}} '''Wenyuan:''' You... Whatever, I'm not getting into an argument with you. If I hadn't had something else to take care of on the way, I would've been back long before you.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 wenyuan 03.ogg}} '''Wenyuan:''' Lady Yelan, I have finished investigating Mingbo.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Well, we're all ears.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 wenyuan 04.ogg}} '''Wenyuan:''' The Ministry of Civil Affairs says that Mingbo struggles to get his words out when he gets nervous, especially when he's chatting with strangers.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 wenyuan 05.ogg}} '''Wenyuan:''' But after a few days of getting to know him, you can pretty much have a normal conversation with him. On the whole, the feedback from the Ministry of Civil Affairs was very positive. He always considers the things that everyone else overlooks.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' In your opinion, was the Ministry of Civil Affairs' appraisal of Mingbo at all exaggerated?
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 wenyuan 06.ogg}} '''Wenyuan:''' I don't believe so. Mingbo is someone who has slowly but surely earned the reputation he has today.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 wenyuan 07.ogg}} '''Wenyuan:''' According to [[Ms. Yu]], the Ministry often gets Mingbo to take a final look at projects before they're implemented. People feel much more confident in something if it has his stamp of approval.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 wenyuan 08.ogg}} '''Wenyuan:''' Oh, and also, there was once someone in the Ministry who was lying and cheating to try to advance their career. Mingbo gave them the scolding of a lifetime. Apparently, he can be terrifying when he loses his temper... I haven't seen it for myself though.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... That's hard to imagine...
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Like I said before: Things are not always as they appear.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, so that's what you meant by that. Paimon's starting to get it now...
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Thank you both. You're free to go now.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' So, have you finished reading the manifesto, {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We still have a bit left, hehe.
:{{Black Screen|You finish reading the manifesto with Yelan.}}
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hmm... I can't see any immediate problems looking at the individual entries.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The only one that strikes me as a little unusual is the [[Qingxu Pool]] Redevelopment Plan.
:{{DIcon}} What's that?
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 11.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Qingxu Pool has always been home to many secrets. Plus, [[Azhdaha]] once wrought havoc there, so there are even more secrets buried deep underground.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 12.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' At some point, a rumor began to go around that there is great treasure buried beneath Qingxu Pool.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 13.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' A long time ago, with the approval of the Qixing, a mining team conducted an exploratory excavation there.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... did they find any treasure?
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 14.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' None. The ruin was completely impenetrable. The only way they could have gotten through the solid rock would've been by blowing it open with a special kind of explosive.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 15.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The technology wasn't mature enough at that time, so the excavation project was shut down, and the "treasure" became a mere legend.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 16.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Zhiyi's manifesto focuses on solving problems, and this treasure hunt seems extremely risky. It seems out of step with the rest of his plans.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 17.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Still, this one fact alone doesn't tell us much. Everyone wants to get their hands on this treasure &mdash; the Treasure Hoarders, the Fatui, even local Liyue factions...
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 18.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Did you find anything?
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Excavation," "project," "treasure"... Did we read anything similar in our half of the manifesto, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} The Blackcliff Forge...
:{{DIcon}} The "Rock" chapter.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah! Zhiyi said the Blackcliff Forge workers should get right of first refusal if any suitable projects come up!
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 19.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Did he now? Well, that makes everything much clearer... So Zhiyi wants the Blackcliff Forge to excavate the treasure of Qingxu Pool.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Does that mean the Blackcliff Forge is Zhiyi's secret supporter?
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 20.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' No, not likely. I've looked into the Blackcliff Forge before. They aren't involved with any powerful factions at present.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 21.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' They do possess some specialized explosives, but it would seem more trouble than it's worth to put so many resources into a risky project like this.
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 yelan 22.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Still, since the clues are pointing toward the Blackcliff Forge, we should see where they lead. We may well find something new.

:{{A|vo yllq002 12 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Qianwei and Mingbo both turned out to be completely different than what we thought...
:{{A|vo yllq002 12 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What about Zhiyi? ...Is there another side to him, too?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The gaps in Zhiyi's manifesto point towards the Blackcliff Forge. Yelan suggests you investigate the matter.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Blackcliff Forge)
:{{A|vo yllq002 13 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' This is the Blackcliff Forge.
:{{A|vo yllq002 13 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Let's look around for clues.

;(Optional - talk to Iron Shoulder)
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sooooo... anything strange been going on recently?
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 ironshoulder 01.ogg}} '''Iron Shoulder:''' ...Excuse me? What's that supposed to mean, strange how?
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhhh... just... y'know, stuff that when it happens, you think to yourself: "That was weird!"
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 ironshoulder 02.ogg}} '''Iron Shoulder:''' ?
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I don't think we're going to get anywhere asking questions like that. Let's just take a look around.

;(Investigate the [[Worksite Records]])
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's this? A diary?
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' From the back, it looks like a ledger. But it seems they also use it as a site log.
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' We don't know who wrote it, but it's interesting, don't you think? These newcomers... Who could have sent them?
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You think they're suspicious?
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Yes. Look, it says right there: one of them's already been promoted to team leader.
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' At this rate, by the time the Qingxu Pool Redevelopment Plan is ready to roll, they'll be the technical backbone of the team.
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' That'll give them the chance to take a lot of liberties... They can copy any secret texts or steal any treasure they find underground.
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Imagine if we didn't suspect anything. By the time Zhiyi recommends the Blackcliff Forge for the excavation project, at most we would maybe do a fresh background check on the place.
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 yelan 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' No red flags if all they did was change some key staff. And even if we decided to vet the staff individually, they'd have had more than enough time by then to come up with fake identities.
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' That's the advantage of planning this far in advance... It was a clever move.
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When you put it like that, it all makes sense... If we hadn't found this out, someone else would've stolen the treasure!
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So who's really behind all this?
:{{A|vo yllq002 14 yelan 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' That's a question for the newcomers. But let's start with that worker over there for now.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Worksite Records}})

;(Talk to Iron Shoulder)
:{{A|vo yllq002 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, excuse us... We wanna ask you about the newcomers!
:{{A|vo yllq002 15 ironshoulder 01.ogg}} '''Iron Shoulder:''' *sigh* You want them to teach you or something?
:{{A|vo yllq002 15 ironshoulder 02.ogg}} '''Iron Shoulder:''' I gotta say, these newcomers are in tip-top shape. Fast learners, too. They're picking up all the skills unbelievably fast.
:{{A|vo yllq002 15 ironshoulder 03.ogg}} '''Iron Shoulder:''' My only complaint is that they're always going out drinking at night, but they never let us join them.
:{{A|vo yllq002 15 ironshoulder 04.ogg}} '''Iron Shoulder:''' I guess they just need some time to adjust. I'm sure we'll get to know each other over time.
:{{A|vo yllq002 15 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' They go out drinking? This area isn't exactly renowned for the nightlife. I'm guessing it's a long trip to the nearest tavern?
:{{A|vo yllq002 15 ironshoulder 05.ogg}} '''Iron Shoulder:''' You got that right. They tell me they go all the way back to Liyue Harbor to drink at [[Wanmin Restaurant]].
:{{A|vo yllq002 15 ironshoulder 06.ogg}} '''Iron Shoulder:''' It rained after work today, so they actually stuck around at the site for a while. But as soon as the rain stopped, they went out drinking again right away.
:{{A|vo yllq002 15 ironshoulder 07.ogg}} '''Iron Shoulder:''' Hey, you're only young once, right? I say, if they can hack it, let 'em at it, haha.
:{{A|vo yllq002 15 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Interesting. Let's go talk somewhere else, {{Traveler}}.
:{{Black Screen|Yelan takes you to a quieter place...}}
:{{A|vo yllq002 15 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Looks like our hunch was on the Mora. These newcomers are very suspicious.
:{{A|vo yllq002 15 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Drinking in Liyue Harbor, huh? Some cover story. I'll wager they've been going to intelligence updates...
:{{A|vo yllq002 15 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Good thing it rained today &mdash; it means they'll leave footprints... I doubt they'd give themselves away that easily, but let's follow them and try our luck.
----
;(Following the footprints)
:{{A|vo yllq002 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They went {{Not a Typo|thataway}}! Hurry, we gotta catch up!

;(Continue following the footprints)
:{{A|vo yllq002 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... These footprints are heading towards Liyue Harbor. Maybe we were wrong about them?

;(Continue following the footprints)
:{{A|vo yllq002 20 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Just as I thought. They didn't go to Liyue Harbor &mdash; they went that way.

;(Continue following the footprints)
:{{A|vo yllq002 22 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The footprints stop here.
:{{A|vo yllq002 22 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' But judging from the direction, I'm guessing their destination was that abandoned house.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You find an abandoned camp after following the trail of the suspicious people. Will there be some clues here?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Investigate the Compacted Mud)
:'''Compacted Mud:''' (These stripes in the dirt were likely made by a bamboo mat. That means someone slept here.)
:'''Compacted Mud:''' (But the bamboo mat is nowhere to be seen now.)

;(Investigate the Burned-Out Fire)
:'''Burned-Out Fire:''' (A fire that burned out. Something was burned here not long ago.)

;(Investigate the Strange Traces)
:'''Strange Traces:''' (It looks like there may have been a fight here, but it's hard to say for certain.)
:'''Strange Traces:''' (This was the work of a professional... but who?)

;(Investigate the Pile of Leaves)
:'''Pile of Leaves:''' (You find a fresh fruit pit in the pile of leaves.)
:'''Pile of Leaves:''' (It seems like someone was here recently, but you can't find any more clues.)
----
;(After investigating the four spots)
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Looks like we were too late.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' This has gotta be where the newcomers rendezvous with whoever they're working for. But all the evidence has been destroyed.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Look at these ashes. Someone was burning documents not long before we arrived.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could there be anything left? Maybe the wind could've blown the fire out before everything was finished burning?
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The odds of that are very slim. It's practically impossible. I've checked &mdash; all the paper's been burned. There's only ash left now.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't we wait for them back at the Blackcliff Forge? They've gotta go back there sooner or later.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' We can't count on that. Clearly, they were based here at one point, but it's mysteriously abandoned now.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' To me, that says that whoever's behind this has moved them somewhere else to throw our investigation off course.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Darn... Guess this is where our trail runs cold!
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Make no mistake, the purpose of our trip wasn't to find any solid evidence. We just need to figure out who's behind Zhiyi.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I smelled something peculiar the moment I came in.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Those newcomers probably thought they'd be safe as long as they burned the letters. But what they failed to consider is that paper and ink from different regions produce different odors when they're burned.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? *sniff* Paimon can't smell anything! Do you smell anything, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} I smell a very gentle fragrance.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' There is a certain place with a freezing-cold climate where there's nothing but ice as far as the eye can see.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 11.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Some wealthy people there put floral fragrance in their ink as a way of injecting a little romance into their writing.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 12.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' When that fragrant ink is burned, this is the exact odor that it leaves behind...
:{{DIcon}} Snezhnaya...
:{{DIcon}} The Fatui!
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 13.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Exactly. The evidence will soon be blown away by the wind, so it's nothing we can arrest anyone with.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 14.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' But it's all I need. Now I know who we're dealing with, I can plan our next move.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 wupei 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Lady Yelan! Oh, thank goodness I finally found you! *sob* ...I thought I'd never see you again!
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Um, who are you?
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 15.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Don't be alarmed, this is [[Wupei]]. He's Wenyuan and Shanghua's colleague.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 16.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I sent him to look into Zhiyi's regular contacts. Since Zhiyi likes fishing, Wupei thought he might know some of the fishermen and sailors, so he took a boat out to sea to ask around.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 17.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I left him a note at Yanshang Teahouse telling him to look for me at Blackcliff Forge when he got back. If there'd been an ambush waiting for us there, it means we'd have had some backup.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 18.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' So, what did you find out at sea?
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 wupei 02.ogg}} '''Wupei:''' *sigh* Forgive my incompetence. I'm afraid I've come up empty-handed.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 wupei 03.ogg}} '''Wupei:''' I asked all the fishermen multiple times, but none of them had had any interactions with Zhiyi before. Then the waves got so choppy I ended up falling overboard. Fortunately, someone managed to drag me out.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 wupei 04.ogg}} '''Wupei:''' When I got back, I heard that you'd gone to Blackcliff Forge and might need backup, so I went straight there as fast as I could. Didn't even stop to change my clothes.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 19.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Oh? Well, Uncle Tian said that Zhiyi once bought a recipe from one of the fishermen. Did you hear anything about that at all?
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 wupei 05.ogg}} '''Wupei:''' What? That's news to me.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 wupei 06.ogg}} '''Wupei:''' No, that's not possible... It's absolutely not possible! Lady Yelan, I'm telling you &mdash; I spoke to every single fisherman out there, and none of them mentioned anything about a recipe.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 20.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Interesting... Then I wonder how that "even more wonderful" fish soup came about?
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 wupei 07.ogg}} '''Wupei:''' Fish soup? What fish soup?
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 21.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Nothing. Our priority right now is to find a way to get our hands on some solid evidence.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 22.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Well, any suggestions?
:{{DIcon}} Send someone to tail them?
:{{DIcon}} Catch them red-handed when they meet...
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 23.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Not a bad idea. Wupei, what do you think?
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 wupei 08.ogg}} '''Wupei:''' Honestly, I've already tried following Zhiyi. But the guy's too cautious. Never meets with anyone suspicious.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, so tailing's out...
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 24.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' No, we'll still need to tail him. But first, we need to do some groundwork.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Groundwork?
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 25.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' When you've worked in intelligence for a long time, you'll understand that no one can stay on high alert forever. Especially... when he thinks he's about to win.
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 26.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Tomorrow morning, I'll announce his victory at Yuehai {{sic|Pavillion}}. Take a guess, what do you think he'll do next?
:{{A|vo yllq002 24 yelan 27.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Be sure to arrive on time. You won't wanna miss the show.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Candidature Analysis
|zhs     = 知人知面
|zhs_rm  = Zhīrénzhīmiàn
|zht     = 知人知面
|zht_rm  = Zhīrénzhīmiàn
|zh_tl   = Know the Person, Know the Face
|zh_note = Part of the idiom {{zh|知人知面不知心|tl=To know a person and their appearance, but not understand their true nature}}.
|ja      = 人は見かけによる
|ja_rm   = Hito wa Mikake niyoru
|ja_tl   = Based on Peoples' Appearance
|ko      = 얼굴로는 알 수 없는 사람의 속마음
|ko_rm   = Eolgulloneun Al Su Eomneun Saram-ui Songmaeum
|ko_tl   = The Heart of a Person Who Cannot be Recognized by the Face
|es      = Análisis de candidaturas
|es_tl   = Analysis of Candidatures
|fr      = Analyse des candidatures
|fr_tl   = Candidature Analysis
|ru      = Знать в лицо
|ru_tl   = Know in Person
|th      = รู้หน้าไม่รู้ใจ
|th_rm   = Ru Na Mairu Chai
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tri Nhân Tri Diện
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Genaue Personenkenntnis
|de_tl   = Precise People Knowledge
|id      = Penilaian Kandidat
|id_tl   = Candidate Judgement
|pt      = A Face que as Pessoas Conhecem
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Adaylık İncelemesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Analisi delle candidature
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}