{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Candace
|id             = 368157
|image          = Character Candace Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Candace''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Aaru village...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Life...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Practicing...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Stories...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} To protect...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} All good?
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Call me anytime...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo candace mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Oh, it's you, {{Traveler}}. How have your recent travels been?
:{{A|vo candace mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' If there's anything you need, just tell me anytime.
:{{DIcon}} Do you like it here?
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' It's quite different from [[Aaru Village]], but I feel at ease here nonetheless.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I was so surprised the first time I came in. Such a small teapot, and yet so vast on the inside...
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' If I could store Aaru Village in a teapot...
::{{DIcon}} Wanna give it a shot?
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I was simply musing. Even if that were possible, what I seek to protect is not an object named Aaru Village...
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg}} '''Candace:''' ...It is my homeland and the lives of everyone in it.
::{{DIcon}} That would definitely make things more convenient...
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship1 04b 1.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Hmm... If I could easily take everyone someplace else...
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship1 04b 2.ogg}} '''Candace:''' No, I suppose they wouldn't agree to leaving the desert in the first place.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I apologize for making you listen to all this...
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Candace:''' And, thank you for having me.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Up for a chat, by any chance?
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Sure, but what should we talk about...?
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' If you don't mind, could you tell me about the places you've been to? Any of them will do.
::{{DIcon}} About the scenery and culture of [[Mondstadt]]...
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship2 03a.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Verdant grass, a city of song and freedom...
::{{DIcon}} About the scenery and culture of Liyue...
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship2 03b.ogg}} '''Candace:''' A nation of trade and contracts... I've heard about it before, but your description paints a whole new picture.
::{{DIcon}} About the scenery and culture of [[Inazuma]]...
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship2 03c.ogg}} '''Candace:''' A land surrounded by the ocean, [[Tenshukaku|a castle]] built atop an island...
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I'd love to see it for myself.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Candace:''' The desert has been my home my entire life. I hardly even journey to the other side of the [[Wall of Samiel]].
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Candace:''' But after hearing you speak of all these faraway lands, I can't help but find the thought of traveling quite... enchanting.
::{{DIcon}} You should come with us!
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Ah, it truly is a tempting offer... But I cannot forsake my duty to protect Aaru Village...
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Perhaps your words will take root within my heart, and one day, my desire to see the world beyond will sprout and grow.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Candace:''' When that day comes, I shall follow your footsteps.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' If you have time, would you like to hear me tell a story?
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' You can sit by my side, or... something more casual, whatever makes you feel comfortable and relaxed.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Although I may be a village guardian with her spear and shield ever at the ready... Deep down in my heart, I've always loved cozy and calm atmospheres like this.
::{{DIcon}} Got it.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Great. So, just be yourself when you're around me.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Well then... weary wanderer of lands beyond, do you wish to hear about the ancient legend of King Deshret, or the history of Aaru Village?
::{{DIcon}} About the legend of [[King Deshret]]...
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 06a 1.ogg}} '''Candace:''' King Deshret was an ancient god of the desert, known as "Ahmar" to the desert folk.
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 06a 2.ogg}} '''Candace:''' He was the king of warriors, gardeners, and intellectuals alike. He controlled the howling winds in the desert, the sand dunes silvered by moonlight...
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 06a 3.ogg}} '''Candace:''' And the thousand-and-one fairy folk who hide within the dreams of the night and the cries of the owl...
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 06a 4.ogg}} '''Candace:''' His arrogant acts of folly led to his ruinous fate. The sands entombed his city, leaving only the sorrowful elegies of the Eremite songsters...
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 06a 5.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Even now, most desert folk remain devout believers in King Deshret. The rumor that he will one day be resurrected has become their only hope for the future.
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 06a 6.ogg}} '''Candace:''' People may find it hard to admit, but lies often soothe the heart more than the truth ever could.
::{{DIcon}} About the history of Aaru Village...
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 06b 1.ogg}} '''Candace:''' In the past, the mountain and lake where Aaru Village is situated was a part of King Deshret's territory.
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 06b 2.ogg}} '''Candace:''' As the god of the desert, King Deshret built a city from the golden sand and crimson rock, and called it "Akhtamun."
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 06b 3.ogg}} '''Candace:''' After King Deshret passed, the surviving residents of the city became the earliest inhabitants of Aaru Village, bringing their traditions and faith with them.
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 06b 4.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Some time later, Aaru Village became a place of exile for scholars...
:::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 06b 5.ogg}} '''Candace:''' We are all born free, yet we are also inevitably bound by shackles.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 06b 6.ogg}} '''Candace:''' My apologies... Things got dark pretty quickly.
::{{DIcon}} You might feel better if you let everything out.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Heh, you're right.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Candace:''' We had a difficult past, and our lives at the moment aren't exactly easy, but it's our peaceful lifestyles that I wish to defend.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Thank you for patiently listening to all that I had to say. It feels like a burden has been lifted from my heart.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Thank you, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Candace:''' When you have time, I'll tell you more stories of the interesting things that happen in our village.

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Candace.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Good morning. Did you rest well last night?
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' The goddess of the night will be worried if you don't sleep well.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Candace.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' It's getting late. Now, off to bed you go.
::{{A|vo candace mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I hope the fathomless dark of the night will watch over your dreams and grant you a good night's sleep.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Dwelling Amidst the Sands===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm candace aaruvillageint 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Making a house feel like a home isn't about the physical objects. It's about creating a certain atmosphere...
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm candace aaruvillageint 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Warm, intimate, safe, secure, peaceful...
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm candace aaruvillageint 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Everything I seek to protect... it's all here.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Setekh Demurs===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm candace aaruvillageext 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I love [[Aaru Village]]'s architectural style. Heh, I know I'm biased, but that's not the reason why.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm candace aaruvillageext 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Just look at these intricate patterns and beautiful facades. The ancient style really adds a lot of character, and it's all the more majestic in such a tranquil environment.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm candace aaruvillageext 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' ...Can I stay here and admire it for a little longer?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Candace/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Candace/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:キャンディス/仲間]]
[[ru:Кандакия/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Candace/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Candace/Bạn Đồng Hành]]