{{About|the event enemy|the furnishing|Kageroumaru|the event boss|Dilapidated Old House}}
{{Enemy Infobox
|title    = Black Shadow
|image    = Enemy Canine Bunshin.jpg
|element  = Electro
|element2 = Pyro
|element3 = Geo
|element4 = Dendro
|type     = Event Enemies
|family   = 
|group    = 
|location = [[Inazuma]]
}}
{{Enemy Intro|name='''Canine Bunshin'''|hideall=1|event=[[Bantan Sango Case Files: The Warrior Dog]]}}

==Stats==
{{Enemy Stats
|hp_ratio  = 60
|hp_type   = 2
|atk_ratio = 6
}}

==Abilities and Attacks==
''Attack names are unofficial except for Canine Art: Geo Bunshin and Canine Art: Plummeting Blade.''

*'''Thunderwheels:''' Launches three spinning wheels in different directions, dealing '''50% ATK''', '''12.5% ATK''', '''5% ATK''' as {{Color|Electro DMG}} on hit.
*'''Canine Art: Plummeting Blade:''' Teleports to the player's location and marks an area around it, calling down thunder and dealing '''100% ATK''' as {{Color|AoE Electro DMG}} in the marked area shortly after.
*'''Canine Art: Geo Bunshin:''' When attacked, teleports away and leaves a {{Color|Geo}} Bunshin Bomb at its original location that marks an area around it before detonating, dealing '''75% ATK''' as {{Color|AoE Pyro DMG}} in the marked area.
*'''Dendro Prison:''' Upon initiating a fight, summons a square {{Color|Dendro}} barrier around the player. The barrier does not deal DMG.

===Preview===
{{Preview
|size=185px
|file1=Canine Bunshin Thunderwheels
|caption1=Thunderwheels

|file2=Canine Bunshin Thunder Caller
|caption2=Canine Art: Plummeting Blade

|file3=Canine Bunshin Decoy Bomb
|caption3=Canine Art: Geo Bunshin

|file4=Canine Bunshin Dendro Prison
|caption4=Dendro Prison
}}

==Strategy==
*As the Canine Bunshin has an extremely high amount of HP, it is inefficient to attempt to defeat them, and the best way to complete the event objectives is to stealthily bypass them. However, it is possible to drown them by creating a frozen surface over water using {{Cryo}} abilities and allowing the Canine Bunshin to teleport onto it while performing '''Canine Art: Plummeting Blade'''.
*The Canine Bunshin's area of detection is clearly marked on the ground. Hiding behind objects like barrels and walls will limit their area of detection.
*The Canine Bunshin is easily distracted by fireworks and is impeded by smoke. Activating those will make the task easier.

==Trivia==
*The Canine Bunshin's name is not shown while using [[Elemental Sight]].
*They are implied to be illusory clones created by the ninken [[Kageroumaru]], also known as the "Black Shadow". When his true name was still unknown, he was nicknamed "Hat Dog" and "Blade Pup" by [[Ryuuji]] and [[Paimon]] respectively.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Canine Bunshin
|zhs     = 幻犬分身
|zhs_rm  = Huànquǎn Fēnshēn
|zht     = 幻犬分身
|zht_rm  = Huànquǎn Fēnshēn
|zh_tl   = Phantom Dog Clone
|ja      = 幻犬分身
|ja_rm   = Genken Bunshin{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Phantom Dog Clone
|ko      = {{tt|환영|幻影}}{{tt|견|犬}} {{tt|분신|分身}}
|ko_rm   = Hwanyeong-gyeon Bunsin
|ko_tl   = Phantom Dog Clone
|es      = Can Bunshin
|es_tl   = Dog Bunshin
|fr      = Bunshin canin
|fr_tl   = Canine Bunshin
|ru      = Пёс бунсин
|ru_tl   = Bunshin Dog
|th      = Canine Bunshin
|vi      = {{tt|Phân Thân Ảo Khuyển|分身幻犬}}
|vi_tl   = Phantom Dog Clone
|de      = Hunde-Bunshin
|de_tl   = Canine Bunshin
|id      = Canine Bunshin
|pt      = Cão Bunshin
|pt_tl   = Dog Bunshin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Enemy Navbox|Special}}
[[es:Canes Bushin]]
[[pt-br:Sombra: Bunshin Canino]]