{{Event Tabs}}
{{TOC Right}}
'''''Canvas of Starlight Memories''''' is a record of players' progress through the game and, as such, its story changes based on what has or has not been accomplished. If the player changes the web event language to Chinese, Japanese or Korean, then [[Venti]], [[Zhongli]] and [[Ei]]'s voice-over language will change with it.

==Loading Tips==
*After watching the entire chapter, you can edit and share your own travel memories!
*Each chapter of travel memories can be watched repeatedly. Come and find your own favorite travel partner~
*For those who hunt every Treasure Chest in sight, don't forget the Treasure Chest at the end of each chapter!
*Paimon! The best travel companion ever!
*Share your travel memories with other Travelers to obtain in-game rewards.
*Travelers can edit the name of their travels, so go ahead and choose one you like!
*Visit other Travelers' shared links to see highlights from their travel memories.

==Footprints of the Traveler==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(The Traveler runs across a platform, only to run off a ledge and into a bush.)

;(If any of the following experiences have occurred - only ones that have been obtained will be shown)
:Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you've obtained the achievement(s) of being {{color|help|getting defeated by The Great Snowboar King, getting defeated by a wild boar, getting struck by lightning, getting brought down by the contaminants within the black mud, succumbing to Sheer Cold}} in your travels.
:What a rewarding experience! After all, adventures are accompanied by unknown risks and opportunities.

;(If none of the following experiences have occurred)
:Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you have yet to suffer injuries due to the Great Snowboar King, wild boars, contaminants within the black mud, lightning, or Sheer Cold.
:It seems that as a seasoned Traveler, you already have a wealth of experience when it comes to self-defense.

===Mora Spending===
;(If the player has spent Mora this year)
:;(If the player has played for over one year)
::During your journey this year, you spent Mora × {{color|help|<AMOUNT>}}, {{color|help|<AMOUNT>}} (less/more) than the past year.

:;(If the player has played for less than one year)
::During your journey this year, you spent Mora × {{color|help|<AMOUNT>}}.

:;(If the player has spent over 100 million Mora) {{verify|verify amount}} <!--hidden is 90,372,645, shown is 100,942,755-->
::Legend has it that the first Mora were minted from [[Rex Lapis]]' golden form and given to humans in trust. When spending money, do so with reverence!

;(If the player has yet to spend Mora this year)
:During your journey this year, you haven't spent any Mora yet.<br>Going on an adventure in Teyvat without spending a penny is an extraordinary feat. You must have had a valuable and rare travel experience.

===Ley Lines===
;(A Ley Line Blossom of Revelation/Wealth appears)
:Original Resin can be used to revitalize the Petrified Tree or Ley Line Blossom to claim rewards.

;(If the player has use Original Resin this year)
:During your journey, the Ley Line Blossom you activated the most is the Blossom of (Revelation/Wealth), with a total of {{color|help|<NUMBER>}} times.<br>In addition, the most Resin you have used in a month is {{color|help|<NUMBER>}}.<br>Your patience and perseverance will always be duly rewarded on your journey.

;(If the player have yet to use Original Resin this year)
:Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you have yet to use Original Resin.

===Domains===
;(If the player has played through Domains, excluding Story Domains &mdash; Character Name changes depends on the player's most used character)
:;(If the player's most used character is the Traveler)
::{{color|help|<TRAVELER NAME>}}, as an experienced Traveler, you might be better at knowing how to use your strengths in combat. Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you fought a total of {{color|geo|<NUMBER>}} times in Domains.

:;(If not)
::On {{color|help|MM}}/{{color|help|DD}}/{{color|help|YYYY}}, {{color|help|<CHARACTER NAME>}} joined your party. This character is your best companion in Domains.<br>You fought together in Domains a total of {{color|help|<NUMBER>}} times.

;(If the player has not entered a non-Story Domain)
:Paimon, the best travel companion ever!<br>During the journey, your most faithful companion is none other than &mdash; the Traveler's Dear and Paramount Companion, Top Gourmet, and Teyvat's Number One Guide, Paimon.

===Spiral Abyss===
;(If nine Abyssal Stars have been obtained on Floor 12)
:On {{color|help|MM}}/{{color|help|DD}}/{{color|help|YYYY}}, you obtained 9 Abyssal Stars on Floor 12 of the Spiral Abyss for the first time.
:The deeper you delve, the more secrets you shall uncover.

;(If Floor 12 has been cleared)
:On {{color|help|MM}}/{{color|help|DD}}/{{color|help|YYYY}}, you cleared Floor 12 of the Spiral Abyss for the first time.
:Continue to hone your combat skills and eliminate the enemies that stand in your way.

;(If Floor 12 has not been cleared)
:Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you have yet to clear Floor 12 of the Spiral Abyss.<br>Continue to hone your combat skills and eliminate the enemies that stand in your way.

===Trounce and Challenge Domains===
;(If the player has fought Enemies of Note)
:Prior to the preparation of this picture book, the Enemy of Note you've fought the most is {{color|help|<ENEMY NAME>}}, for a total of {{color|help|<AMOUNT>}} times.

;(If the player has not fought any Enemies of Note)
:Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you have yet to challenge any Enemy of Note or Domain.<br>Step forth bravely, for combat skills need to be honed constantly.

;(If the player has fought any Challenge Domains this year)
:The Domain you have challenged the most this year is {{color|help|<DOMAIN NAME>}}.<br>A new chapter of the hero's journey has arrived, but the most important thing is the experiences we accumulate along the way.

;(If the player hasn't fought any Challenge Domains this year)
:Your journey will always be filled with many challenges. Keep moving forward as each battle is a testament to your adventure.

===Bosses===
;(The Traveler, Paimon, and [[Tartaglia]] look at a pile of Ascension Materials)

;(If the player has fought Bosses)
:During your journey, the boss you've defeated the most times is {{color|help|<BOSS NAME>}}, for a total of {{color|help|<AMOUNT>}} times.
:With each fight, your mastery of enemy weaknesses becomes more and more precise!

;(If the player has not fought any Bosses)
:Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you have yet to defeat any bosses.<br>If you don't know where to start, take a look at your Adventurer Handbook.

===Fishing===
;(If the player has unlocked Fishing)
:Each region has its own Fishing Association, which is a grassroots organization founded by people who love fishing.
:This year, you caught a total of {{color|help|<AMOUNT>}} fish.
:"Let's become Favonius Fish-Catching Extraordinaires, eh?"

;(If the player has not unlocked Fishing or has not yet caught any Fish)
:Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you have yet to catch any fish. If you don't know where to start, don't hesitate to ask fishing enthusiasts at the Fishing Association.

===Companions===
:Prior to the preparation of this picture book, a total of {{color|help|<NUMBER>}} companions joined your party. Of which, {{color|help|<AMOUNT>}} companions joined you in the past year.<br>What beautiful memories did you create together in Teyvat?

===Namecards===
:You have obtained {{color|help|<NUMBER>}} namecard styles during your journey.
;(If the player unlocked namecard styles via Friendship Levels)
:Of these, {{color|help|<AMOUNT>}} namecard styles are unlocked via Friendship Levels with your companions.
:Each of them is a precious memento of your travels.
{{Dialogue End}}

==The City of Wind and Song==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:On {{color|menu|MM}}/{{color|menu|DD}}/{{color|menu|YYYY}}, a Traveler from another world arrived in Teyvat. The journey of discovery around the world begins.

===Battle Records===
;([[Amber]], [[Eula]], and [[Noelle]] fight a Slime and a Hilichurl)

;(If the player has defeated any Slimes this year and has played for over a year)
:On your travels this year, you have defeated {{color|menu|<NUMBER>}} Slimes, {{color|menu|<NUMBER>}} (less/more) than those you have defeated in the past.
:;(If less)
::Have Paimon's tastes changed?

:;(If more)
::Is it to make more Paimon Specials?

;(If the player started playing this year, or has not defeated any Slimes this year)
:Elements scattered in nature can condense into little monsters. During your journey, you have defeated {{color|menu|<NUMBER>}} Slimes in total.
:Slimes can use elemental power without a Vision, and so can Travelers. Wait... Does that mean you're a Slime?!

;([[Kaeya]] and [[Lisa]] defeat a Hilichurl)

;(If the player has defeated any Hilichurl this year and has been playing for over a year)
:On your travels this year, you have defeated {{color|menu|<NUMBER>}} Hilichurls, {{color|menu|<NUMBER>}} (less/more) than those you've defeated in the past.
:;(If less)
::The case for peaceful coexistence with the Hilichurls has gained traction.

:;(If more)
::How many Hilichurls can match your strength?

;(If the player began playing this year, or has not defeated any hilichurls this year)
:On your travels this year, you have defeated {{color|menu|<NUMBER>}} Hilichurls. Travel Notes Chapter 1: Hilichurls are very good with tools.

===Mondstadt Statue of The Seven===
;([[Barbara]] and [[Jean]] stand under the [[Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero]])
:Mondstadt's thousand winds protect every Traveler that comes and goes.

;(If the Statue of The Seven - Anemo is less than Level 10)
:As of today, you have upgraded the Statue of The Seven - Anemo to Level {{color|menu|<NUMBER>}}. May the Wind of Mondstadt always be with you.

;(If the Statue of The Seven - Anemo is Level 10)
:You have won the approval of the Anemo Archon during your journey last year and your tale will be sung by the greatest bard of the City of Freedom. That song shall be called "Wind of the Traveler."

;(Barbara offers Jean one of her spicy drinks, which Jean warily accepts)
:You've been active on Teyvat for {{color|menu|<NUMBER>}} days. Go on, Traveler. There are many unexplored places that await your adventuring.

===Treasure Chests===
;([[Diona]] chases after a butterfly, while [[Bennett]], [[Razor]], and [[Oz]] open a Chest)
:For any Traveler, it is a must to open treasure chests that appear in their line of sight. You have unlocked {{color|menu|<NUMBER>}} Exquisite, Precious, Luxurious, and Remarkable Chests in total in Teyvat.

;(Less than 500){{Verify|verify amount}}<!-- lowest ref is 261, highest is ?-->
:Hmm... Well, it feels like there's a lot more to be found.

;(Between 500 and 1,200){{Verify|verify amount}}<!-- lowest ref is 759, highest is 1,127 -->
:Not bad at all!

;(1,200 and more){{Verify|verify amount}}<!-- lowest ref is 1,377, highest is 1,984 -->
:You are worthy of a new nickname! From now on, you'll be known as "Treasure Chest Hunter"!

===Commissions===
;([[Mona]] divines [[Fischl]]'s future, while Fischl holds a paper from the Adventurers' Guild)

;(If the player has completed any commissions this year)
:Ad astra abyssosque! You have completed {{color|menu|<NUMBER>}} Daily Commissions with the Adventurers' Guild.

:;(Less than {{verify|verify exact requirement}})
::No wonder you're one of the Adventurers' Guild's most reliable adventurers.

:;(Above {{verify|verify exact requirement}})<!-- Lowest ref is 745, highest is 1,460 -->
::As expected, {{color|menu|<TRAVELER NAME>}}!
::Keep going, Traveler. You have a long journey ahead of you.

;(If the player has yet to complete any commission this year)
:Ad astra abyssosque! The Adventurers' Guild welcomes you anytime. By the way, service is available all year round.

===Dragonspine===
;([[Rosaria]] defeats a Hilichurl)

;(If Dragonspine has been visited{{verify|Exact requirements?}})
:On {{color|menu|MM}}/{{color|menu|DD}}/{{color|menu|YYYY}}, you set foot in Dragonspine for the first time.
:The icy adventure may be a little lonely, but don't worry, every once in a while, you'll encounter a child of moonlight in the darkness.

;(If Dragonspine has not been visited{{verify|Exact requirements?}})
:You have yet to step foot in Dragonspine. Beneath the snow lies a story waiting to be discovered.

;(The [[Frostbearing Tree]] appears)
:The ancient tree that should have slumbered forever under the ice and snow has sprouted scarlet sprouts anew. Make offerings to this tree, and you may obtain rich rewards in return.

;(If the Frostbearing Tree has been raised to its maximum level)
:You have upgraded the Frostbearing Tree to Level 12, witnessing its rebirth.

;(If the maximum level has not been reached)
:You have upgraded the Frostbearing Tree to Level {{color|menu|<NUMBER>}}. Continue to listen to its wishes.

===Mondstadt Reputation===
;([[Albedo]], [[Sucrose]], and [[Klee]] look at a giant Sweet Flower in Albedo's campsite)
;(If you have yet to reach maximum Reputation in Mondstadt)
:For the first step of your journey, you arrived at the City of Winds and Idylls! As the most famous Honorary Knight in Mondstadt, you have reached Reputation Level {{color|menu|<NUMBER>}} in Mondstadt.

;(If you have reached maximum Reputation in Mondstadt)
:Between the mountains and the wide plains, the wind of freedom carries the scent of dandelions over Cider Lake. As the most famous Honorary Knight in Mondstadt, you've earned the trust of Mondstadters in the last year, and have earned the recognition and praise of the city. Onwards, Traveler!

;(Scene transitions to [[Diluc]] in [[Angel's Share]], then to [[Venti]] sitting on the God Statue)
;{{A|VO Venti Chat - Ballads.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Come on Traveler, let's go! The world is full of lost ballads just waiting to be rediscovered.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Venti|Chat - Ballads}}</ref>
:In {{color|menu|MM}}/{{color|menu|YYYY}}, you spent a total of {{color|menu|<TOP AMOUNT>}} hours in Teyvat.
:[[Dull Blade|Youthful dreams and the thrill of adventure. If this isn't enough, then make it up with valiance.]]
{{Dialogue End}}

==The Harbor of Stone and Contracts==
{{Dialogue Start}}
===Liyue Reputation===
;([[Zhongli]] walks across the screen)
;{{A|vo zllq104 9 zhongli 23.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Those who come to witness... will witness. Those who are born to remember... will remember.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Amidst Chaos, the Rock Is Unmoved}}</ref>
:"Where merchants flock and all ships dock, and over the oceans flows its stock."

;(If [[Liyue]]'s [[Reputation]] system has been unlocked)
:;(If the player has not yet reached the maximum Liyue Reputation Level)
::In this nation of contracts, you have reached Reputation Level {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} in Liyue.

:;(If the player has reached the maximum Liyue Reputation Level)
::In this nation of contracts, you have earned the trust of the people of Liyue through your efforts in the past year. What stories will you create with Liyue's people this year?

;(If Liyue's Reputation System has not been unlocked)
:People say this in praise of Liyue's prosperity. But the real stories of Liyue are waiting for you to experience yourself, Traveler.

===Moonlight Merriment===
;([[Guoba]] eats a chili pepper and breathes flames)

;(If ''[[Moonlight Merriment]]'' was experienced)
:Fond memories of those no longer with us. Debts of gratitude to old friends. The meaning of ages past and gone. All wrapped up in the city that has existed for so many moons to date. All these things and more... they are why people chase the moon. Traveler, what have you witnessed during the Moonchase Festival?

;(If ''Moonlight Merriment'' was not experienced)
:You have not yet experienced the stories of the Moonchase Festival, but Liyue's traditions remain true. Should you have the chance, go visit Guoba!

===Cooking===
;([[Hu Tao]] cooks while [[Xiangling]] panics and an explosion leaves both of them in a cloud of smoke)
:You have unlocked a total of {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} recipes.

;(If the player has only played for less than one year)
:Your specialty is {{color|pyro|<DISH>}} and you have cooked it {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} times. Is it really that good? Let Paimon have a taste!

;(If the player has played for over one year)
:;(If the player's most cooked dish is the same as last year)
::Your specialty is still {{color|pyro|<DISH>}}, which you have cooked {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} times. You've got pretty consistent taste preferences, huh?

:;(If the player's most cooked dish has changed since last year)
::Your favorite dish has changed from {{color|pyro|<DISH>}} to {{color|pyro|<DISH>}}, which you have cooked {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} times. There are many secrets to cooking, but the most important is to have a passion for cooking.

;(If the player has yet to cook any dish this year {{Verify}})
:A certain emergency food is sweating nervously...

;([[Xingqiu]] offers a plate of food to a hesitant [[Chongyun]])

;(If the player has played for over one year)
:;(If the player's favorite character for cooking hasn't changed since last year)<!-- note below that only the 'still' changes.-->
::Another year later, your most trusted cooking assistant in Teyvat is still {{color|pyro|<CHARACTER NAME>}}, who has helped you cook {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} dishes. Friends who eat together, stay together!

:;(If the player's favorite character for cooking changed since last year)
::Compared with the previous year, your most frequent cooking assistant has changed from {{color|pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 1>}} to {{color|pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}} this year. {{color|pyro|<CHARACTER NAME 2>}} has helped you cook {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} times. Keep sharing all kinds of delicious food with your friends!

;(If the player has played for less than a year)
:Your most trusted cooking assistant in Teyvat is {{color|pyro|<CHARACTER NAME>}}, who has helped you cook {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} dishes. Friends who eat together, stay together!

;(If the player has yet to cook with a cooking assistant this year, {{verify}})
:Before the completion of the picture book, you never cooked with the help of others.<br>Hmm... Does this count as a chef's pride?

===Serenitea Pot===
;([[Yanfei]] and [[Madame Ping]] talk, with the [[Serenitea Pot]] between them)

;(If the Serenitea Pot has been unlocked)
:On {{color|pyro|MM}}/{{color|pyro|DD}}/{{color|pyro|YYYY}}, you received a precious gift from [[Madame Ping]] &mdash; the Serenitea Pot. The journey goes on, but you and Paimon now have a place to come home to.

;(If the Serenitea Pot has not been unlocked)
:You haven't obtained the Serenitea Pot. When the time comes, take a walk around Liyue Harbor!

===Lantern Rite===
;(Yun Jin and Xinyan perform on stage and Shenhe lights a firework)

;(If ''[[Fleeting Colors in Flight]]'' was experienced)
:In "The Stars Inscribe the Year's Wishes" festival, you and Paimon smelted different fireworks together, but it is not known what your favorite firework was for the year's Lantern Rite, nor is it known with whom you enjoy watching the night sky get lit up by fireworks.

;(If ''Fleeting Colors in Flight'' was not experienced)
:Lantern Rite is one of the biggest festivals in Liyue. There are grand fireworks, delectable food, and Xiao Lanterns carrying the wishes of the people. Traveler, are you willing to celebrate it with Paimon again next year?

===The Realm Within===
====Visitors====
;(A firework in the shape of [[Tubby]] appears)

;(If no one has visited the player's realm, and the player haven't visited any realms)
:It seems that you prefer to enjoy some alone time rather than talk to others about your Realm Within.

;(If others have visited the player's realm, and the player theirs)
:During your journey, you have paid visits to {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} other Travelers' Serenitea Pots, and {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} Travelers have visited your Realm Within. The Traveler who has visited you the most is {{color|pyro|<PLAYERNAME>}}.

====Furnishings====
;([[Keqing]] looks at her construction diagrams)

;(If the player has gathered wood and created furnishings)
:Decorating the Realm Within is no easy task. So far, you have collected {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} pieces of wood and created {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} [[Furnishing]]s. Did the Realm Within turn out the way you and Paimon were hoping?

;(If the player has gathered wood only)
:Decorating the Realm Within is no easy task. So far, you have collected {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} pieces of wood but have not created any Furnishing. Hmm? So you prefer a more natural setting?

;(If not)
:You have not started decorating your Realm Within yet. Take your time. Paimon is sure you'll turn the Realm Within into your favorite place.

====Realm Currency====
;([[Beidou]] and [[Ningguang]] sit around a [[Theater Mechanicus]] board)

;(If Realm Currency has been spent)
:[[Tubby]] and [[Chubby]] always have various treasures. You have accumulated {{color|pyro|<AMOUNT>}} Realm Currency in your journey and used {{color|pyro|<AMOUNT>}} of them. The Realm Depot Shop's most important customer this year is you.

;(If no Realm Currency has been spent)
:Tubby and Chubby always have various treasures. You have accumulated {{color|pyro|<AMOUNT>}} Realm Currency in your journey. Wow, they can be exchanged for lots of treasures for Paimon to decorate the place.

;(If the Serenitea Pot has not been unlocked)
:Tubby and Chubby always have various treasures that can be exchanged with Realm Currency. But it seems that you haven't found a way to accumulate and use Realm Currency.

====Animals====
;(A sleeping [[Ganyu]] is surrounded by animals)
:The Realm Within is not only home to the adorable teapot spirits, but also a good place to keep other kinds of creatures.

;(If no animals have been placed in the player's Serenitea Pot)
:So far, you haven't placed any animals in your Realm Within. How about we go find a Finch in Minlin and give it to Qiqi?

;(If animals have been placed in the player's Serenitea Pot)
:You seem to really like the {{color|pyro|<PETNAME>}}.<ref group=Note>The phrasing does not change with [[Kageroumaru]].</ref> Keep inviting more lovely and wise creatures to your realm.

====Companions====
;(If no companions have been invited to the Serenitea Pot)
:Companions haven't visited your Realm Within yet. Try inviting them to have a good time here!

;(If companions have visited the player's Realm)
:{{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}} companions have visited your Realm Within. The Realm Within is a place that welcomes every friend. Be it a short stay or long-term residence, Paimon and the Traveler hope that everybody can have a good time in the Realm Within!

;(Qiqi pulls up a [[Qingxin]] flower)

===The Chasm===
;([[Yelan]] runs past the Millelith guarding the entrance to [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]])

;(If the players have not completed [[Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering]]){{Verify}}
:Your journey hasn't reached The Chasm. Amidst the giant crystals, mines, and unfathomly deep tunnels, unsolved mysteries await your exploration...

;(If the player has completed Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering)
:Buried in the depths of The Chasm are a myriad of mysteries and secrets. On {{color|pyro|MM}}/{{color|pyro|DD}}/{{color|pyro|YYYY}}, you set foot into The Chasm for the first time, and in the abysmal depths, the story of the [[Yaksha]]s is waiting for you to explore...

===Lumenstone Adjuvant===
;([[Xiao]] stands over a cliff)
;(If the [[Lumenstone Adjuvant]] has been obtained)
:Even a tiny crystal can cast a faint glimmer during the journey.
:;(If the Lumenstone Adjuvant is at maximum level)
::Your Lumenstone Adjuvant has reached Level 10. May it be like a sun in your palm, illuminating the way through lightless tunnels and bringing comfort where all is dark.

:;(If the Lumenstone Adjuvant is not yet at maximum level)
::Your Lumenstone Adjuvant has reached Level {{color|pyro|<NUMBER>}}. May its light always shine on your path forward.

;(If the Lumenstone Adjuvant has not yet been obtained)
:You haven't obtained the Lumenstone Adjuvant yet. Before setting out on an adventure, be sure to be fully prepared!
{{Dialogue End}}

==The Islands of Thunder and Eternity==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Kazuha stands atop the mast of [[The Crux]], playing a melody on a leaf.)

;(If the player has reached Inazuma by completing [[The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia]])
:On {{color|electro|MM}}/{{color|electro|DD}}/{{color|electro|YYYY}}, you crossed endless stormy seas before arriving at the Islands of Thunder and Eternity, [[Inazuma]].

;(If the player has not yet reached Inazuma)
:You have yet to cross the endless stormy seas that surround Inazuma. Beautiful islands hidden behind these storms are waiting to be explored...

===Sacred Sakura===
;(The [[Sacred Sakura]] and its associated architecture from the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] comes in from right)

;(If the player has unlocked [[Sacred Sakura's Favor]])
:;(If the player's Sacred Sakura's Favor is not yet at the level 50 maximum)
::The miracle tree that blesses the people protects everyone in Inazuma. Prior to the preparation of this picture book, your Sacred Sakura's Favor Level has reached Level {{color|electro|<NUMBER>}}.
::Continue collecting [[Electro Sigil]]s and offer them to the Sacred Sakura at the Grand Narukami Shrine.

:;(If the player's Sacred Sakura's Favor is at level 50)
:::Wherever the sakura petals fall, there the protection of the sacred tree rests. On {{color|electro|MM}}/{{color|electro|DD}}/{{color|electro|YYYY}}, your Sacred Sakura Favor Level has reached Level 50.

;(If Sacred Sakura's Favor has not been unlocked)
:Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you have yet to increase your Sacred Sakura Favor Level. Continue to explore Inazuma, and collect Electro Sigils that symbolize the acknowledgement given by the thunder to offer them to the Sacred Sakura.

===Inazuma Statue of the Seven===
;(The Sacred Sakura comes into full view, in front of which [[Ei]] stands, her right hand outstretched.)
;{{A|VO Raiden Shogun Chat - The Mortal World.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The world remains constant over the centuries. But human life is like the dew at dawn or a bubble rising through water. Transitory.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Raiden Shogun|Chat - The Mortal World}}</ref>

:The aesthetic of lightning is precisely to capture that which is precious amidst fleeting transience.
:;(If the player's Statue of The Seven - Electro has been upgraded to the maximum level)
::Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you have upgraded the Statue of The Seven - Electro to Level 10, and thus received the approval of [[Ei|Her Excellency, the Narukami Ogosho]].

:;(If the player's [[Statue of The Seven]] - Electro has not yet been upgraded to the maximum level)
::Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you have upgraded the {{sic|Statue of the Seven}} - Electro to Level {{color|electro|<NUMBER>}}.

===Fortune Slips===
;([[Sayu]] is shown sleeping in the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]]. She quickly wakes up and disguises herself as a barrel, just as [[Thoma]] is passing by searching for her.)

;(If the player has drawn at least one of the two "Great" slips)
:It is said that [[Fortune Slip]]s of the Grand Narukami Shrine can illuminate one's fortune of the day.
:;(If the player has drawn a Great Fortune Slip)
:: On {{color|electro|MM}}/{{color|electro|DD}}/{{color|electro|YYYY}}, you drew your first Great Fortune Slip at the Grand Narukami Shrine.

:;(If the player also has drawn a Great Misfortune Slip)
::What a lucky day for you and Paimon!

:;(If the player has drawn a Great Misfortune Slip)
::On {{color|electro|MM}}/{{color|electro|DD}}/{{color|electro|YYYY}}, you drew your first Great Misfortune Slip at the Grand Narukami Shrine.
:Regardless, "fate" and "destiny" are things best grasped and forged in one's own hands.

;(If the player has never drawn a Great Fortune Slip or a Great Misfortune Slip)
:Shake a bamboo slip from the Fortune Slip Box at the Grand Narukami Shrine, and exchange that bamboo slip for a Fortune Slip with the shrine maiden, that will predict your fortune for the day.
:You have yet to draw a Great Fortune or Great Misfortune Fortune Slip at the Grand Narukami Shrine. Perhaps that in itself is also a form of good luck?

===Inazuma Reputation===
;([[Ayaka]] enjoys tea and some food with [[Saimon Eri]])

:Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you have reached Reputation Level {{color|electro|<NUMBER>}} in Inazuma.
:The Yashiro Commission is responsible for cultural affairs in Inazuma, and often hears the various wishes of the people. You have already helped many people by completing the commissions.

===Enkanomiya===
;(A set of footprints in the rain leads to [[Gorou]] drying his dripping wet tail near a campfire)

;(If the player has completed [[The Still Water's Flow]])
:On {{color|electro|MM}}/{{color|electro|DD}}/{{color|electro|YYYY}}, you accepted a commission from Watatsumi Island and arrived at Enkanomiya, where the ruins of an ancient civilization await your exploration.

;(If the player has yet to enter [[Enkanomiya]])
:You have yet to set foot in the world below water. A tale of the ancient Vishaps and Serpent God await your discovery...

===Dainichi Mikoshi===
;([[Sangonomiya Kokomi]] plays with a fish underwater)

;(If the player has completed [[The Entrance to Tokoyo]])
:;(If the player has activated the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]])
::On {{color|electro|MM}}/{{color|electro|DD}}/{{color|electro|YYYY}}, you activated the Dainichi Mikoshi for the first time, changing the cycle of day and night in Enkanomiya to uncover the ancient history buried in the depths.

:;(If the player has yet to activate the Dainichi Mikoshi)
::You have yet to activate the mechanisms in Enkanomiya to switch between the "Whitenight" and "Evernight" states. Use this ability to switch between day and night well in order to uncover the land's secrets.

;(If the player has yet to enter Enkanomiya)
:The depths of the sea cannot be illuminated by the rays of sunlight. The secrets hidden in the cycle of day and night are still waiting to be discovered.

===Omni-Ubiquity Nets===
;([[Kujou Sara]] places Apples and Lavender Melons on the ground, while [[Shikanoin Heizou]] and some [[Tanuki]] watch)

;(If [[Omni-Ubiquity Net]]s have been used)
:A net created using onmyoudou that can be used to detain the essences of small animals.
:During your journey, you used {{color|electro|<AMOUNT>}} Omni-Ubiquity Nets. Of which, the small creature you caught most often is: {{color|electro|<ANIMAL>}}.

;(If no Omni-Ubiquity Nets have been used)
:Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you have yet to use the Omni-Ubiquity Net to detain the essences of small animals. If you don't know where to purchase these nets, go to [[Byakko Plain]] to speak with [[Wakamurasaki]].

===Irodori Festival===
;([[Yoimiya]] shows some candies to two children)

;(If the player has experienced [[Hues of the Violet Garden]])
:After the [[Sakoku Decree]] was abolished, a grand event named the Magnificent [[Irodori Festival]] took place in Inazuma. Friends from other nations and popular light novels formed the essence of this wonderful cultural exchange.

;(If not)
:As an important cultural event in Inazuma, the "Magnificent Irodori Festival" had invited several prominent cultural personalities from other countries. As someone familiar with Inazuma and other nations in Teyvat, you were an indispensable guide at the festival.

===Kamera===
;([[Kuki Shinobu]] and [[Arataki Itto]] stand at the [[Tanuki Hugs Photo Board]])

;(If the player has taken photos with the Kamera)
:For Travelers exploring the world, there are too many memorable sights and people you've encountered. Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you used your Kamera to take {{color|electro|<AMOUNT>}} snapshots. What was your favorite photo?

;(If the Kamera has not been used)
:For Travelers exploring the world, there are too many memorable sights and people you've encountered. Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you have yet to use the Kamera. Take more photos along the way so the precious memories can stay with you.

===Yae Publising House===
;([[Yae Miko]] sits at a table with several manuscripts in front of her)

:Light novels have taken Inazuma by storm.

;(If the player has purchased any of the 3 books from Kuroda)
:;(If the player has purchased the books on different day)
::On {{color|electro|MM}}/{{color|electro|DD}}/{{color|electro|YYYY}}, you purchased "[[Teyvat Travel Guide#Vol. 3|Teyvat Travel Guide - Inazuma]]",
::On {{color|electro|MM}}/{{color|electro|DD}}/{{color|electro|YYYY}}, you purchased "[[Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power]]",
::On {{color|electro|MM}}/{{color|electro|DD}}/{{color|electro|YYYY}}, you purchased "[[Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?]]",
::looks like you're really interested in light novels!

:;(If the player purchased all 3 books on the same day)
::On {{color|electro|MM}}/{{color|electro|DD}}/{{color|electro|YYYY}}, you have purchased three different types of books from the official Yae Publishing House stall.<br>Between Teyvat Travel Guides and Inazuma's popular light novels, which one do you prefer?

;(If the player has yet to purchase any of the 3 books from Kuroda)
:As a seasoned Traveler, you absolutely must not miss them! If you don't know which novel suits your preferences, don't hesitate to ask [[Kuroda]] from [[Yae Publishing House]].

===Through the Mists===
;(A book cover depicts [[Ruu]] and a feather)

;(If the player has completed [[Through the Mists]]{{Verify}})
:On {{color|electro|MM}}/{{color|electro|DD}}/{{color|electro|YYYY}}, you reached [[Amakumo Peak]] with [[Ruu]], and helped him sing his last song dedicated to [[Kapatcir]].
:Take this feather with you into the world on your future trips.
:You did promise him that you would, after all.

;(If the player has completed [[A Particularly Particular Author]], but has not completed Through the Mists{{Verify}})
:Legend has it that a traditional instrument called the [[Maushiro (A Particularly Particular Author)|Maushiro]] is found on Tsurumi Island. You were entrusted with finding the Maushiro by Miss [[Sumida]] and entered the island enshrouded in eternal fog. There, you met [[Ruu]] and learned about the festival that had yet to begin.

;(If the player has not completed Through the Mists{{Verify}})
:Miss [[Sumida]] from Inazuma is struggling to find inspiration for her light novel because no on can make it through the eternal fog that envelopes Tsurumi Island.
:As an experienced adventurer, go to Katheryne to accept the commission!

===Books===
;([[Kamisato Ayato]] sits at a desk with several books)

;(If the player has collected any book{{Verify}})
:Books contain the stories and untold legends of many others. Prior to the preparation of this picture book, you have collected a total of {{color|electro|<AMOUNT>}} books. If you are interested in the publication of Inazuma's books, perhaps you can ask Commissioner Kamisato of the Yashiro Commission.

;(If the player has not collected any books)
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==The Rainforest of Lore==
{{Dialogue Start}}
===Sumeru===
;(Statue of The Seven - Dendro appears)

;(If the player entered Sumeru){{verify|verify exact requirement}}
:On {{color|geo|MM}}/{{color|geo|DD}}/{{color|geo|YYYY}}, you and Paimon arrived at the Nation of Wisdom, trying to find a way to get an audience with [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]].

;(If the player has completed [[Aranyaka]])
:On {{color|geo|MM}}/{{color|geo|DD}}/{{color|geo|YYYY}}, Nara {{color|geo|Traveler}} carried the blessings of the entire Vanarana. Together with the [[Aranara]], they defeated Marana's avatar.

;(If the player has yet to visit Sumeru)
:You haven't set foot in Sumeru with Paimon yet. Sumeru is the land of the God of Wisdom, where wisdom and knowledge are the never-ending pursuit of people.

===The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings===
;([[Tighnari]] stands in front of Sumeru City)

;(If the player has completed [[The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings]])
:Legend has it that when the [[Goddess of Flowers]] dances, countless beautiful [[Padisarah]]s would bloom wherever she stepped, setting up a brilliant stage of reds and purples for her. It's a scene that even the gods would wish that it could last forever.
:On {{color|geo|MM}}/{{color|geo|DD}}/{{color|geo|YYYY}}, in the [[Akasha]]'s samsara, you witnessed The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings.

;(If not)
:You have not yet witnessed the beginning of dance of the Goddess of Flowers. Head to the Grand Bazaar to watch it. The [[Zubayr Theater]]'s [[Nilou|best dancer]] is about to give a dreamy performance for the Dance of Sabzeruz.

===Aranara===
;([[Collei]] is harangued by an Aranara)

;(If the player has completed Aranyaka Part I<nowiki>:</nowiki> [[The Children of Vimara Village]]){{verify|verify exact quest}}
:You've met some mystical creatures in Sumeru. They are small and round, and look like plants.
:Legend has it that these creatures are called Aranara, and they are the inhabitants of the forest. The guardian spirits of trees, the "secret" friends of children, and possess the power of memories and dreams.

;(If not)
:Sumeru has a legend about the inhabitants of the forest and the guardian spirits of the trees. It is said that these small, round, plant-like fairies will help travelers who get lost in the forest.

;(The Aranara walk over to [[Dori]], who releases her Jinni)
:The inhabitants of the forest will lose their way in the forest because of their recklessness, and may need the help of the Golden Nara and White Floaty.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Notes==
{{reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{reflist}}