{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Capricious Visage.png
|set   = Shimenawa's Reminiscence
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|A well-preserved ceremonial fox mask. A small, enigmatic smile ever graces its lips.}}
'''Capricious Visage''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Shimenawa's Reminiscence]].

==Description==
A bright and elegant festival mask that once belonged to a certain miko.<br />A faint smile curls the edges of the mask's lips, but there is no real light in its eyes.

I've spent much time training at the Grand Shrine, and I must say that I've matured a lot.<br />At the very least, I'm not as foolish as I was when I was young, and I'm more independent now.<br />But for some reason, the more I grow, the more Lady Saiguu's face seems to fall under a shadow.<br />What emerges on her face is not anxiety nor fear, but rather a sorrowful reluctance...

"Life is full of uncertainty. Love is fleeting, and even lasting memories may be lost."<br />"Losing one's memory is no different from losing one's life. It is like death amidst darkness eternal."

This time, even a faint smile could not conceal her sorrow.<br />Though this is a festive day, it seems more like a farewell.

"Right, then. Why don't you tell me about the idiot Konbumaru?"<br />"What's wrong? Still afraid that an old hag like me will steal him from you?"

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Capricious Visage
|zhs     = 无常之面
|zhs_rm  = Wúcháng zhī Miàn
|zht     = 無常之面
|zht_rm  = Wúcháng zhī Miàn
|zh_tl   = Mask of Impermanence
|zhja_note = Specifically, the term {{Lang|mini=1|zh=无常|zh_rm=wúcháng}} {{Lang|ja=無常|ja_rm=mujou}} may also be a reference to the Buddhist concept of {{w|Impermanence#Buddhism|impermanence}}.
|ja      = 無常の面
|ja_rm   = Mujou no Men
|ja_tl   = Mask of Impermanence
|ko      = 무상의 가면
|ko_rm   = Musang-ui Gamyeon
|ko_tl   = Mask of [https://www.britannica.com/topic/anicca Anicca]
|es      = Máscara de la Mutabilidad
|es_tl   = Mask of the Mutability
|fr      = Visage capricieux
|fr_tl   = Capricious Face
|ru      = Непостоянный лик
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Capricious Visage
|vi      = Mặt Nạ Vô Thường
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wechselhafte Maske
|de_tl   = Changeable Mask
|id      = Capricious Visage
|pt      = Máscara das Mutações
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Shimenawa's Reminiscence}}