{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Carefree Dreamland
|image             = Carefree Dreamland.png
|type              = Web
|group             = <!--Flagship/Login/Submission-->
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-11-25 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-12-04 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1595983118753665024
|linkname          = Official Announcement
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20221125aranara/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
'''Carefree Dreamland''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.2]].

==Event Duration==
November 25, 2022 – December 4, 2022 23:59
* Rewards cannot be claimed after the event ends. Please claim them in time.

==Eligibility==
Travelers who have reached [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above can participate in this event.

==Event Description==
During the event, Travelers can log in to Genshin Impact daily, complete Daily Commissions, and consume Original Resin to obtain building materials, which can be used to make cooking facilities. These facilities will attract Aranara over to carry out cooking training, which will reward you with Primogems. Carefree Coins, the event currency rewarded by the cooking facilities, can be used to redeem for various environment decorations and Aranara outfits. Mix and match these outfits to complete special events, and you can obtain additional rewards such as building materials, Mystic Enhancement Ore, Hero's Wit, and other rewards.

===Building Cooking Facilities===
# Log in to the web event and Genshin Impact daily, and carry out other actions to obtain building materials.
# Daily Tasks will be refreshed at 04:00 (Server Time), and uncollected building materials will also be cleared at the same time. Please be sure to claim and use them in time. Collected building materials will not be cleared.
# Consuming a certain amount of building materials can be used to make different cooking facilities. There are seven types of cooking facilities in the event and these facilities will attract Aranara over to practice cooking.
*If Travelers try to visit the event around 04:00 daily, which is when the Daily Tasks refresh, there might be a brief network error. Please refresh your page if you encounter such a situation.
:{|class="wikitable"
!Daily Task
!Reward
|-
|Log into the web event daily（0/1）
|3 {{Icon|CD Building Material}}
|-
|Log into the game daily（0/1）
|3 {{Icon|CD Building Material}}
|-
|Complete 2 Daily Commissions each day（0/2）
|1 {{Icon|CD Building Material}}
|-
|Use 40 Original Resin daily（0/40）
|1 {{Icon|CD Building Material}}
|-
|Cook 5 dishes daily（0/5）
|1 {{Icon|CD Building Material}}
|-
|Check out the "Carefree Dreamland" discussion event on HoYoLAB
|rowspan=10|1 {{Icon|CD Building Material}}
|-
|Visit the official Genshin Impact Twitter account
|-
|Visit the official Genshin Impact YouTube channel
|-
|Visit the official Genshin Impact TikTok account
|-
|Visit the official Genshin Impact Reddit account
|-
|Visit the official Genshin Impact Facebook page
|-
|Check out Genshin Impact's Check-In Rewards on HoYoLAB
|-
|Check out Hilichurls' Treasure Trove on HoYoLAB
|-
|Check out the Genshin Impact Lineup Simulator on HoYoLAB
|}

===Dressing Room===
# When you unlock a certain number of cooking facilities, you will be able to claim Carefree Coins as rewards. Spend 2,000 Carefree Coins to exchange for each outfit items in the event. Items obtained can be freely mixed and matched.
# There are three types of decorations or adornments in the event: environment decorations, Aranara headwear, and Aranara outfits.
# Each outfit can only be worn by one Aranara and cannot be worn by more than one at the same time.
# Outfits cannot be worn on top of each other. In other words, each Aranara can only wear one outfit and one headwear.
:{|class="wikitable"
!Building Progress
!Reward
|-
|Build 1 cooking facility/facilities（0/1）
|2,500 {{Icon|CD Carefree Coin}}
|-
|Build 3 cooking facility/facilities（0/3）
|7,500 {{Icon|CD Carefree Coin}}
|-
|Build 5 cooking facility/facilities（0/5）
|1,500 {{Icon|CD Carefree Coin}}
|-
|Build 7 cooking facility/facilities（0/7）
|17,500 {{Icon|CD Carefree Coin}}
|}

===Complete Special Events===
# Each Aranara can trigger one special event. You can complete it by mixing and matching the Aranara's travel outfit.
# Depending on the outfit you choose, the event will have a different ending. Each event has two endings.
# The rewards for each event ending can only be claimed once, and will not be rewarded when the ending is repeatedly achieved.

==Event Rewards==
;Cooking Facility Building Rewards
* Travelers can consume the corresponding number of building materials to build seven types of cooking facility in the event and obtain a total of 120 Primogems.
** After the event ends, there will be no way to build anything, so remember to take part in time.
:{|class="wikitable"
!Cooking Facility
!Build Cost
!Reward
|-
|An Ancient Melody
|3 {{Icon|CD Building Material|30}}
|{{Card|Primogem|15}}
|-
|The Best Water
|5 {{Icon|CD Building Material|30}}
|{{Card|Primogem|15}}
|-
|Furry Mask Demon King
|5 {{Icon|CD Building Material|30}}
|{{Card|Primogem|15}}
|-
|Unrivaled Fresh Fruit
|5 {{Icon|CD Building Material|30}}
|{{Card|Primogem|15}}
|-
|The Wind's Verse
|8 {{Icon|CD Building Material|30}}
|{{Card|Primogem|20}}
|-
|Taste of Satisfaction
|8 {{Icon|CD Building Material|30}}
|{{Card|Primogem|20}}
|-
|An Excursion
|8 {{Icon|CD Building Material|30}}
|{{Card|Primogem|20}}
|}

;Special Event Ending Rewards
:{|class="wikitable"
!Event
!Perfect Reward
!Normal Reward
|-
|An Ancient Melody
|{{Card|Hero's Wit|1}}
|3 {{Icon|CD Building Material|30}}
|-
|The Best Water
|{{Card|Mora|15,000}}
|3 {{Icon|CD Building Material|30}}
|-
|Furry Mask Demon King
|{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|3}}
|3 {{Icon|CD Building Material|30}}
|-
|Unrivaled Fresh Fruit
|{{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
|3 {{Icon|CD Building Material|30}}
|-
|The Wind's Verse
|{{Card|Mora|25,000}}
|3 {{Icon|CD Building Material|30}}
|-
|Taste of Satisfaction
|{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
|3 {{Icon|CD Building Material|30}}
|-
|An Excursion
|{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}
|3 {{Icon|CD Building Material|30}}
|-
|}

;Event Album Completion Reward
{{Card|Mora|10,000}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|Primogem = 120
|Mora = 50,000
|Hero's Wit = 9
|Mystic Enhancement Ore = 8
|sort = Primogem,Mora,Hero's Wit,Mystic Enhancement Ore
}}
* The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
* This web event is provided purely for entertainment. It is not indicative of any related gameplay features in Genshin Impact.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Carefree Dreamland
|zhs     = 无忧梦乡
|zhs_rm  = Wúyōu Mèngxiāng
|zht     = 無憂夢鄉
|zht_rm  = Wúyōu Mèngxiāng
|zh_tl   = Worry-Free Dreamland
|ja      = ウツァヴの夢
|ja_rm   = Utsavu no Yume
|ja_tl   = Dream of Utsava
|ko      = 행복한 꿈의 나라
|ko_rm   = Haengbokhan Kkum-ui Nara
|ko_tl   = Happy Dreamland
|es      = Serenitas ensoñaciones
|es_tl   = Daydreamed Serenities
|fr      = Sommeil d'insouciance
|fr_tl   = Carefree Sleep
|ru      = Беззаботная страна грёз
|ru_tl   = Carefree Land of Dreams
|th      = แดนฝันไร้อาวรณ์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cõi Mộng Vô Ưu
|vi_tl   = Unconcerned Realm of Dreams
|de      = Sorgloses Traumland
|de_tl   = Carefree Dreamland
|id      = Dunia Mimpi Riang
|id_tl   = Carefree Dream World
|pt      = Terra dos Sonhos Serenos
|pt_tl   = Land of Peaceful Dreams
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

[[es:Serenitas ensoñaciones]]
[[fr:Sommeil d'insouciance]]
[[ru:Беззаботная страна грёз]]