{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|name             = Caribert
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Caribert.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Unknown
|region           = Sumeru
|region2          = Khaenri'ah
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
|ancestry         = 
|father           = Chlothar
|fatherNote       = deceased
|mother           = Unnamed
|motherNote       = presumed deceased
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm9388332|Kim Gasiciel]]<ref name="Kim Gasiciel">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/KimGasicielVO/status/1631081161618235395 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = [http://amuleto.jp/talents/akagiharuna.html Akagi Haruna ({{ja|赤木 春菜}})]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/Genshin_7/status/1626563735551868928 JP VA Announcement]</ref>
}}
'''Caribert''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in {{Quest|Caribert}}.

==Profile==
Caribert is a former resident of [[Khaenri'ah]]. His father is [[Chlothar]] and his mother is an unnamed woman with [[Mondstadt]] root. He is considered to be an "illegitimate son" by his father.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Fortune-Mocking Pedigree}}</ref>

After the gods attacked Khaenri'ah, they cursed its inhabitants, with the pure-blooded Khaenri'ahns being given immortality. Those who came to Khaenri'ah from the other gods' lands were instead cursed with the "wilderness", transforming them into hilichurls, Caribert included since his mother was from Mondstadt. Caribert fell into a state of torpor upon being transformed and was cared for by Chlothar.

Some time after [[Cataclysm|Khaenri'ah's fall]], the [[Traveler's Sibling]] met Chlothar and Caribert, where the former begged for help to cultivate a "forbidden" [[Nameless Taboo Medicine of the Royal Court|medicine]]. Upon making one dose, they administered it to Caribert, but it had no effect. While trying to make a second dose, Chlothar saw what he assumed was Caribert heading into the direction of [[The Chasm]] and they followed it, only to realize it wasn't Caribert. However, they followed it into a strange sanctuary where they eventually met a "[[Sinner]]" and upon finishing the medicine, gave a second dose to him.

Caribert recovered from his state of torpor but was initially horrified to see what he had become. Chlothar told him not to take his mask off for any reason and look into a mirror, which he accepted. He then went back to the sanctuary to pray to the deity, but by this time, Caribert's curiosity got the better of him and he saw his reflection in a mirror. The mental anguish caused him to flee home, prompting Chlothar and the sibling to catch up to him by the edge of a cliff. Tormented by the curse, he took his mask off again, enveloped by abyssal energies. Caribert's fate after this is left unknown.

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
Caribert shares the same appearance as a normal hilichurl, but with a silk scarf wrapped on his left hand.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events|Caribert}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|Caribert|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}