{{About|the weapon type|the elemental reaction|Catalyze}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Catalyst.png
|type         = Weapon Types
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Catalysts''' are one of the five [[weapon]] types that [[characters]] can use in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

All [[Normal Attack|Normal]] and [[Charged Attack]]s of Catalyst users deal elemental damage.

==Normal Attacks==
A Catalyst user's Normal Attack chain typically consists of 3–4 single-target or AoE elemental attacks from range. These attacks take varying forms depending on the character, and their maximum ranges vary greatly between characters.

Catalyst Normal Attacks have the following types:
* '''Projectile:''' Fire projectiles of various forms that home towards their target. Since these attacks are projectiles, characters with this type of attack may still hit targets out of their targeting range if positioned correctly. (e.g., [[Ningguang]]'s [[Sparkling Scatter]], [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]]'s [[The Shape of Water]])
* '''Non-Projectile:''' Will hit the target near instantaneously at range, and it is impossible for them to hit targets out of range. (e.g., [[Lisa]]'s [[Lightning Touch]], [[Sucrose]]'s [[Wind Spirit Creation]])
* '''Fixed Hitbox:''' Have fixed AoE hitboxes originating from the character's location. Hitbox-based Catalyst attacks can also be melee attacks. (e.g., [[Yae Miko]]'s [[Spiritfox Sin-Eater]], [[Nahida]]'s [[Akara]], [[Shikanoin Heizou]]'s [[Fudou Style Martial Arts]])

==Charged Attacks==
Catalyst users' Charged Attacks typically consume 50 [[stamina]] to unleash a more powerful AoE attack after a short delay. The default version of attacks of this type spawns at the target's location when locked on.

Some of the exceptions to this default version are:
* [[Sparkling Scatter|Charged Attack: Sparkling Scatter]] in which Ningguang fires one large homing projectile that deals damage in a small AoE on hit.
* [[Wind Spirit Creation|Charged Attack: Wind Spirit Creation]] in which Sucrose conjures a conical blast of wind that hits targets in an AoE in front of her.
* [[Fudou Style Martial Arts|Charged Attack: Fudou Style Martial Arts]] where Heizou performs a melee attack in the form of an upward kick at the cost of 25 stamina.
* [[As Water Seeks Equilibrium|Charged Attack: Equitable Judgment]] where Neuvillette can move and change directions while unleashing surging torrents without consuming stamina.
* [[By the Horns|Charged Attack: By the Horns]] in which Varesa at first does a hop foward and then leaps high into the air which then allows her to do a plunging attack.

==Plunging Attacks==
All Catalyst users have similar animations when plunging, which involves them turning into a glowing elemental ball and reappearing upon striking the ground.

Catalyst Plunging Attacks are considered ranged attacks and cannot deal any damage to [[Geo]] objects such as [[Mineral]]s.

==Catalyst Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Catalyst Characters|noweapon=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Catalyst Characters|noweapon=1|nomodel=1}}

==List of Catalysts==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Catalysts|not1=Unreleased Content}}

==Artifacts==
The following are artifacts that benefit catalysts.
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Catalyst Bonus Artifacts}}

==Cost Reduction==
<!--
===Catalyst Forging Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Catalyst Forging Talents|notype=1}}
-->
===Catalyst Ascension Cost Reduction Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Catalyst Ascension Cost Reduction Talents|notype=1}}

==Trivia==
* [[Shikanoin Heizou]] is the first Catalyst user to use melee combat with [[hitlag]] like that of [[Sword]], [[Polearm]], and [[Claymore]] users.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Catalyst
|zhs     = 法器
|zhs_rm  = Fǎqì
|zht     = 法器
|zht_rm  = Fǎqì
|zh_tl   = Magic Tool
|ja      = 法器
|ja_rm   = Houki
|ja_tl   = Magic Tool{{Sino|ja}}
|ko      = 법구
|ko_tl   = Magic Tool{{Sino|ko}}
|es      = Catalizador
|es_tl   = Catalyst
|fr      = Catalyseur
|fr_tl   = Catalyst
|ru      = Катализатор
|ru_tl   = Catalyst
|th      = สื่อเวท
|th_rm   = Seu Wet
|th_tl   = Magic Medium
|vi      = {{tt|Pháp Khí|法器}}
|vi_tl   = Magic Tool{{Sino|vi}}
|zhjakovi_note = The term {{zh|法具}} originally referred to tools used in Buddhist rituals.
|de      = Katalysator
|de_tl   = Catalyst
|id      = Catalyst
|pt      = Catalisador
|pt_tl   = Catalyst
|tr      = Katalizör
|tr_tl   = Catalyst
|it      = Catalizzatore
|it_tl   = Catalyst
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Navbox|Catalysts|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}
[[Category:Catalysts| ]]

[[de:Katalysator]]
[[es:Catalizador]]
[[fr:Catalyseur]]
[[id:Catalysts]]
[[ja:法器]]
[[pl:Katalizator]]
[[pt-br:Catalisadores]]
[[ru:Катализатор]]
[[th:สื่อเวท]]
[[tr:Katalizör]]
[[uk:Каталізатор]]
[[vi:Pháp Khí]]
[[zh:法器]]