{{About|the weapon type|the elemental reaction|Catalyze}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Catalyst.png
|type         = Weapon Types
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Catalysts''' are one of the five [[weapon]] types that [[characters]] can use in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

Due to their elemental nature, all Normal and Charged Attacks performed with a Catalyst are considered elemental damage. The [[element]] of the damage depends on the wielder's [[Vision]]. A Catalyst user is commonly called a ''caster'', because of how they "cast" an element onto an enemy.

Most abilities of {{Geo}} and {{Pyro}} Catalyst users deal increased damage against certain objects, such as Geo [[Shields]] and ores, due to them being considered [[Blunt Attack]]s.

==Normal Attacks==
A Catalyst user's Normal Attack can be a single-target or AoE attack, depending on the character. Every attack applies the attacker's element to the target. For example, [[Lisa]] emits an {{Electro}} charge and [[Klee]] throws a {{Color|Pyro}} bomb.

Catalyst Normal Attacks can be projectile-based or non-projectile-based. Projectile-based Normal Attacks fire projectiles of various forms that home towards their targets, while non-projectile-based Normal Attacks will hit the target near instantaneously at range. The maximum range of Catalyst Normal Attacks vary greatly between characters. Most Catalyst users utilize 3-hit or 4-hit Normal Attack chains, except [[Ningguang]] with a 1-hit chain.

[[Shikanoin Heizou]] has unique Normal Attacks where he performs Anemo melee attacks in the form of fisticuffs.

==Charged Attacks==
Most Catalyst users' Charged Attacks typically consume a certain amount of stamina, before unleashing a more powerful AoE attack centered around the target after a short delay.  For example, Klee fires a large bomb and [[Sucrose]] blows a powerful gust of [[Anemo|wind]]. However, Ningguang's Charged Attacks deal damage to a single target.

[[Shikanoin Heizou]] has a unique Charged Attack where he performs an upward kick.

Most Catalyst Charged Attacks cost 50 stamina each. As of [[Version 2.8]], the only exception is [[Shikanoin Heizou]]'s [[Fudou Style Martial Arts|Charged Attack]], which costs 25 stamina instead.

==Catalyst Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Catalyst Characters|noweapon=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Catalyst Characters|noweapon=1}}

==List of Catalysts==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Catalysts|not1=Unreleased Content}}

==Artifacts==
The following are artifacts that benefit catalysts.
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Catalyst Bonus Artifacts}}

==Trivia==
* The use of Catalysts as weapons is not mentioned in the story.
* [[Shikanoin Heizou]] is the first Catalyst user to use melee combat.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Catalyst
|zhs     = 法器
|zhs_rm  = Fǎqì
|zht     = 法器
|zht_rm  = Fǎqì
|zh_tl   = Magic Tool
|ja      = 法器
|ja_rm   = Houki
|ja_tl   = Magic Tool
|ko      = 법구
|ko_rm   = Beopgu
|ko_tl   = Magic Tool
|ko_note = 법구(法具) originally mean tools used in Buddhist rituals.
|es      = Catalizador
|es_tl   = Catalyst
|fr      = Catalyseur
|fr_tl   = Catalyst
|ru      = Катализатор
|ru_tl   = Catalyst
|th      = สื่อเวท
|th_rm   = Seu Wet
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Pháp Khí|法器}}
|vi_tl   = Magic Tool{{Sino|vi}}
|de      = Katalysator
|de_tl   = Catalyst
|id      = Catalyst
|pt      = Catalisador
|pt_tl   = Catalyst
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Navbox|type=Catalysts|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}
[[Category:Catalysts| ]]

[[es:Catalizador]]
[[pt-br:Catalisadores]]
[[ru:Катализатор]]
[[vi:Pháp Khí]]