{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission An Art to Be Honed.png
|npc           = Asakura
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = Complete [[Battle of Revenge]].
|other         = *AR-Dependent Rewards
*Grants the achievement ''[[You Should Start A Doushin Dojo]]'' after completing this commission and/or [[An Art to Be Honed]] 5 times.
|characters    = Asakura; Traveler
}}
'''''Ceaseless Training''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]. It can be obtained after completing the [[Battle of Revenge]] World Quest, replacing [[An Art to Be Honed]] as a possible commission.

==Steps==
#Find [[Asakura]], who issued the commission
#Talk to Asakura
#Finish training with Asakura

==Gameplay Notes==
* If all party members fall during combat, the player will be relocated to the nearest Teleport Waypoint. The step "Finish training with Asakura" remains.
* Completing this commission and/or ''[[An Art to Be Honed]]'' five times grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[You Should Start A Doushin Dojo]]''.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Asakura]], who was able to reclaim his weapon, is still looking for someone to help him practice his martial arts...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Asakura)
:'''Asakura:''' Straight lance, straight line... Hah!
:{{DIcon}} I'm here to spar again.
:'''Asakura:''' Oh! It's you. Did you take my commission again? Much obliged!
:'''Asakura:''' It's truly great to have someone as formidable as you to practice with me.
:{{DIcon}} Your skill with a lance has improved a lot.
::'''Asakura:''' Haha... You jest too much.
::'''Asakura:''' From what I have heard, one of the reasons why the lance was invented was that it allows someone who doesn't really know how to wield a weapon such as myself to fight with ease.
::'''Asakura:''' After all, this type of weapon is long and sharp. Even if the wielder doesn't know how to use it, simply stabbing and swinging with it at least appears strong.
::'''Asakura:''' However, by this rule... I actually think the humble garden fork with its three sharp tips has greater power...
:{{DIcon}} Haven't you already taken your weapon back?
::'''Asakura:''' I did retrieve my weapon, yes, but that doesn't mean that my training is over.
::'''Asakura:''' I had a run-in with the Kairagi before. It would be presumptuous to say that I will not run into even stronger enemies in the future.
::'''Asakura:''' I shall never let my weapon fall into the hands of the enemy again, thus allowing my honor as a samurai be desecrated. That's the way of samurai I wish to pursue.
:'''Asakura:''' *sigh* Well, that's all for chit-chat. I don't believe that I should be wasting your time.
:{{DIcon}} Okay, let's start.
::'''Asakura:''' No problem. Do watch yourself.
:;(Starts the match)
:{{DIcon}} I still need a moment.
::'''Asakura:''' Mm. Please, take your time, and let me know when you are ready.
----
;(During the battle)
:'''Asakura:''' Please don't hold back, give me all you have.
----
;(After winning the match)
:'''Asakura:''' *panting* Your skills are truly far above mine...
:{{DIcon}} I'll hold back next time...
:'''Asakura:''' No! Please use all of your strength. Without practice, I won't grow further.
:'''Asakura:''' Given your great strength, you must have gone through much training...
:'''Asakura:''' Forgive me for being blunt, but I am really curious about how you have trained yourself.
:{{DIcon}} A [[Dvalin|giant dragon]] once helped me practice flying.
::'''Asakura:''' You... you flew with a giant dragon? That's unimaginable...
:{{DIcon}} A [[Andrius|great wolf]] [[Wolf of the North Challenge|aids me in practicing my martial arts]].
::'''Asakura:''' That sounds truly brave. I really wish I could see you and the great wolf fighting against each other...
:{{DIcon}} It's... nothing special.
:'''Asakura:''' Hahaha, is that so? Then I guess you must be really gifted then.
:'''Asakura:''' Thank you for sparring with me. I will remember what you have taught me. Please take these as compensation.

{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ceaseless Training
|zhs     = 永不停歇的修炼
|zhs_rm  = Yǒng Bù Tíngxiē de Xiūliàn
|zht     = 永不停歇的修煉
|zht_rm  = Yǒng Bù Tíngxiē de Xiūliàn
|zh_tl   = Never-ending Practice
|zh_note = {{zh|修炼|rm=xiūliàn}} typically refers to {{zh|修心炼身|rm=xiū xīn liàn shēn|tl=Cultivating the mind and body}}, or practicing strict self-discipline or asceticism.
|ja      = 止まらぬ鍛練
|ja_rm   = Tomaranu Tanren
|ja_tl   = Endless Training
|ko      = 끝없는 수련
|ko_rm   = Kkeut'eomneun Suryeon
|ko_tl   = Endless Practice
|es      = El entrenamiento debe continuar
|es_tl   = The Training Must Go On
|fr      = L'entraînement ne s'arrête jamais !
|fr_tl   = The Training Never Stops!
|ru      = Непрерывное обучение
|ru_tl   = Ceaseless Training
|th      = การฝึกฝนที่ไม่หยุดยั้ง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Training That Never Stops
|vi      = Tu Luyện Không Ngừng Nghỉ
|vi_tl   = Nonstop Training
|de      = Unermüdliches Training
|de_tl   = Tireless Training
|id      = Latihan Tanpa Henti
|id_tl   = Ceaseless Training
|pt      = Treinamento Incessável
|pt_tl   = Ceaseless Training
|tr      = Aralıksız Eğitim
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Addestramento incessante
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|Standalone}}