{{Domain Infobox
|image        = Domain Cecilia Garden.png
|type         = Forgery
|description  = The [[Cecilia]] flowers that only grow on high cliffs once bloomed in the greenhouses here. The ancient civilization that once enjoyed the scent of the Cecilia was lost, and so too was the sea of white flowers.
|region       = Mondstadt
|area         = Windwail Highland
|subarea      = Wolvendom
|recElements  = Cryo,Pyro,Electro
|recLevel     = 15/36/59/80
|requiredAR   = 16/21/30/40
}}
{{Description|Massive amounts of Hydro energy are coursing through this damp ancient sacrificial altar.<br />The intense humidity inside will increase your skills' CD duration.<br />You shall earn Weapon Ascension Materials, if — and only if — you can pass the trial.}}
'''Cecilia Garden''' is a [[Domain]] located near [[Wolvendom]] in [[Mondstadt]]. Clearing this domain gives [[Weapon Ascension Materials]]. Challenge domains with higher levels to get better rewards.

==Unlocking the Domain==
In front of the domain, a locked [[Elemental Monument|Anemo Monument]] is surrounded by 4 Seelie Courts. Unlocking the domain gives the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[Cecilia Garden (Achievement)|Cecilia Garden]]."

# A [[Seelie]] is right next to one of the Seelie Courts, but the court is encased in rock. Destroy the rock rubble.
# To the '''north''' of the monument, a Seelie is surrounded by Hilichurls.
# To the '''south''' of the monument, a Seelie and another Anemo Monument is trapped inside a wind barrier. Stand next to the wind barrier and use an Anemo skill (e.g. Anemo [[Traveler]]'s [[Palm Vortex]]) to activate the monument and remove the barrier.
# To the '''northwest''' of the monument, a Seelie is hidden behind a [[Rock Pile]], next to an [[Electro Crystal]]. Destroy the Rock Pile to reveal the Seelie.
# Use an Anemo skill to activate the unlocked Anemo Monument.

==Ley Line Disorder==
Each level in this domain has the following [[Ley Line Disorder]], respectively:
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
!Level
!Ley Line Disorder
|-
!I
|Your character will be periodically inflicted with [[Slowing Water]], greatly increasing your skill's CD duration (-80% [[Reduce CD]]) until the inflicted Hydro element is removed.
|-
!II
|rowspan=2|Your character will be periodically inflicted with Slowing Water, greatly increasing your skill's CD duration (-100% Reduce CD) until the inflicted Hydro element is removed.
|-
!III
|-
!IV
|Your character will be periodically inflicted with Slowing Water, greatly increasing your skill's CD duration (-150% Reduce CD) until the inflicted Hydro element is removed.
|}

==Challenge Features==
Each level in this domain has the following Challenge Features:
{| class="wikitable"
!Level
!Challenge Features
|-
!III - IV
|· Slowing Water is an application of Hydro that will extend characters' Elemental Skill and Burst CDs. Use Elemental Reactions to remove it or switch to other characters to decrease combat difficulty.<br />· Cryo attacks can be used to control opponents affected by Hydro through being Frozen. The Frozen reaction can be used to break Hydro Shields that protect opponents.
|}

==Rewards==
{{Domain by Weekday
|mon-name = City of Reflections
|mon-2    = Tile of Decarabian's Tower
|mon-3    = Debris of Decarabian's City
|mon-4    = Fragment of Decarabian's Epic
|mon-5    = Scattered Piece of Decarabian's Dream
|tue-name = Submerged Valley
|tue-2    = Boreal Wolf's Milk Tooth
|tue-3    = Boreal Wolf's Cracked Tooth
|tue-4    = Boreal Wolf's Broken Fang
|tue-5    = Boreal Wolf's Nostalgia
|wed-name = Ruins of Thirsting Capital
|wed-2    = Fetters of the Dandelion Gladiator
|wed-3    = Chains of the Dandelion Gladiator
|wed-4    = Shackles of the Dandelion Gladiator
|wed-5    = Dream of the Dandelion Gladiator
}}
{{Domain Levels/Forgery}}

==Enemies==
{{Domain Enemies
|target1=Defeat 20 enemies. Time between kills cannot exceed 20 seconds.
|enemies1=Hydro Slime*19;Large Hydro Slime

|target2=Defeat 23 enemies. Time between kills cannot exceed 25 seconds.
|enemies2=Hydro Slime*12;Large Hydro Slime*3;Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard*8
|note2=<br />
*The last [[Large Hydro Slime]] has a '''[[Mist Bubble]]''' aura.

|target3=Defeat 22 enemies. Time between kills cannot exceed 50 seconds.
|enemies3=Hydro Slime*14;Large Hydro Slime*4;Hydro Samachurl*3;Hydro Abyss Mage
|note3=<br />
*The '''Hydro Slime''' spawns are separate from the '''Samachurls'''. After killing the last Hydro Samachurl, the '''Hydro Abyss Mage''' will appear.
*The '''Hydro Abyss Mages''' have '''[[Mist Bubble]]''' auras.

|target4=Defeat 8 enemies. Time between kills cannot exceed 40 seconds.//Defeat 2 enemies. Time between kills cannot exceed 80 seconds.
|enemies4=Large Hydro Slime*8//Hydro Abyss Mage*2
|note4=<br />
*One of the '''Large Hydro Slimes''' and '''Hydro Abyss Mages''' have '''Mist Bubble''' auras.
}}

==Trivia==
* The Achievement to unlock this Domain is also called ''[[Cecilia Garden (Achievement)|Cecilia Garden]]''.
* Based on the ornamentation style of the surrounding ruins, which matches those found in [[Stormterror's Lair]], the ancient civilization that constructed Cecilia Garden may have been [[Decarabian's Mondstadt]]. Two other figures related to Decarabian's Mondstadt are also associated with [[Cecilia]]s: [[Venti]] says they are his favorite flower, while the [[Nameless Bard]] wore a stylized, three-petaled Cecilia on his vest.
* Cecilia Garden is one of two regular domain entrances that does not have a [[Solomon's knot]] above its doorway, the other being [[Hidden Palace of Zhou Formula]].
* The level names of this domain are 'City of Reflections' for [[Decarabian Tiles]], 'Submerged Valley' for [[Boreal Wolf Teeth]] and 'Ruins of Thirsting Capital' for [[Gladiator Shackles]]. The running theme of water between the names likely refers to the Ley Line Disorder that inflicts a Hydro-based effect on you that increases your skill cooldown and how most of the enemies are Hydro-based.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1     = https://youtu.be/YUmhahCRaCE
|caption1   = Unlock Cecilia Garden Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cecilia Garden
|zhs     = 塞西莉亚苗圃
|zhs_rm  = Sāixīlìyà Miáopǔ
|zht     = 塞西莉亞苗圃
|zht_rm  = Sāixīlìyà Miáopǔ
|zh_tl   = Cecilia Seedbed
|ja      = セシリアの苗床
|ja_rm   = Seshiria no Naedoko
|ja_tl   = Cecilia Seedbed
|ko      = 세실리아의 모밭
|ko_rm   = Sesillia-ui Mobat
|ko_tl   = Cecilia's Sapling Field
|es      = Jardín de cecilias
|es_tl   = Cecilia Garden
|fr      = Pépinière de cécilias
|fr_tl   = Cecilia Nursery
|ru      = Сад Сесилии
|ru_tl   = Cecilia Garden
|th      = สวนดอก Cecilia
|th_rm   = Suan Dok Cecilia
|th_tl   = Cecilia Flower Garden
|vi      = Vườn Hoa Cecilia
|vi_tl   = Cecilia Flower Garden
|de      = Ceciliagarten
|de_tl   = Cecilia Garden
|id      = Cecilia Garden
|pt      = Jardim de Cecilia
|pt_tl   = Cecilia Garden
|tr      = Sesilya Bahçesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Giardino di Cecilie
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Permanent}}

[[es:Jardín de cecilias]]
[[ja:セシリアの苗床]]
[[th:สวนดอก Cecilia]]
[[zh:塞西莉亞苗圃]]