{{Event
|name              = Celebrate Lantern Rite and Take Part in the Events to Win Primogems
|image             = Celebrate Lantern Rite and Take Part in the Events to Win Primogems.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-01-19 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-02-07 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/15144014
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br />Another year, another Lantern Rite. On this beautiful day, are you also having a pleasant Lantern Rite while wandering around Teyvat?<br />On this journey, do you have any great stories that you are willing to tell me?<br />Share your Lantern Rite memories for a chance to obtain Primogems!}}
'''Celebrate Lantern Rite and Take Part in the Events to Win Primogems''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.4]].

==Event Duration==
January 19, 2023 – February 7, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br />
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on February 20, 2023.

==Event Details==
===Phase IV: Behind the Scenes===
Event Duration: January 31 – February 7 23:59 (UTC+8)

How to Participate & Rewards:Post under the topic #Behind the Scenes and share your challenge party lineup and reasons why. You are also welcome to share your wonderful moments in battle with me~
I will randomly select 100 people among the Travelers who have participated successfully to gift them each Primogems ×120.

===Phase III: Vigilance at Sea===
Event Duration: January 27 – February 7 23:59 (UTC+8)

How to Participate & Rewards:
# Post under the topic #Vigilance at Sea and share challenge strategies and tips. You are also welcome to attach your challenge scores and show everyone who the true "Master Sailor" is!
# Post under the topic #Vigilance at Sea and talk about what you would do if you could design a Vigilance at Sea challenge level.
Participation is considered successful as long as you fulfill one of the two conditions above.
I will randomly select 100 people among the Travelers who have participated successfully to gift them each Primogems ×120.

===Phase II: Paper Theater===
Event Duration: January 23 – February 7 23:59 (UTC+8)

How to Participate & Rewards:<br />
Post under the topic #Paper Theater, and share walkthroughs and tips. You are also welcome to share your favorite paper play scenes and reasons why with me~<br />
I will randomly select 100 people among the Travelers who have participated successfully to gift them each Primogems ×120.

===Phase I: Radiant Sparks===
Event Duration: January 19 – February 7 23:59 (UTC+8)

How to Participate & Rewards:
# Post under the topic #Radiant Sparks and share a screenshot of what you think is the most beautiful sight in the Radiant Sparks challenge. Of course, you are also welcome to attach your challenge scores and wonderful videos~
# Comment on this post and give other Travelers your blessings.
Participation is considered successful as long as you fulfill one of the two conditions above.<br />
Participants in the event will obtain a Lantern Rite avatar from me~ Also, I will randomly select 100 people among the Travelers who have participated sucessfully to gift them each Primogems ×120.

==Notes==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# Each user has only one chance to win a prize in each event. The results of each event are independent of each other.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner hides or deletes the winning post or comment, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one set of Primogems during the event.
# Each user can get a maximum of one avatar frame by participating in this event. Avatar frames will be sent out after the end of the event.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}