{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = 
|caption          = 
|title            = 
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|child            = 
|relative         = 
}}
'''Chaac''' is a historical character in [[Natlan]]. He is said to have been the first human to receive the [[Phlogiston|primal fire]] from [[Waxaklahun Ubah Kan]] (the Sage of the Stolen Flame).<ref name="MNR">{{Ref/Arti|Myths of the Night Realm}}</ref>

==Profile==
Chaac has been described as brave, wise, and fearless.<ref name="MNR"/> However, he has also been described as a "fool", in contrast to the wise Waxaklahun Ubah Kan.<ref name="RHP">{{Ref/Book|Records of Hanan Pacha}}</ref>

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Story==
Chaac was the first human to receive the power of Phlogiston from the Sage of the Stolen Flame. In some legends, he himself actually accompanied the Sage to steal the primal fire. It is said that he and the Sage then raised a portion of land into the sky, calling it [[The Upper Sanctum|Hanan Pacha]]. There, Chaac passed Phlogiston to his fellow humans and founded the first tribe.<ref name="RHP"/> 

According to some stories, the tribespeople later disobeyed the Sage's rules, causing him to exile them from Hanan Pacha and withdraw from history. Chaac then followed the guidance of the [[Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night|Lord of the Night]] to establish permanent human tribes in Natlan.<ref name="RHP"/>

Eventually, Chaac's tribe scattered, leaving him battle-worn and alone. At the end of his life, he "climbed a high mountain to ignite the first flame" and called out to his lost companions. In response, the Lord of the Night created the first [[Wayob]].<ref name="MNR"/>
<!--
==Trivia==
===Etymology===
-->
==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* Chaac is a {{w|Mayan civilization|Maya}} god of rain and thunder, it is equivalent to the {{w|Aztecs|Aztec}} god {{w|Tláloc}}.
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Chaac
|zhs     = 察阿克
|zhs_rm  = Chá'ākè
|zht     = 察阿克
|zht_rm  = Chá'ākè
|ja      = チャアク
|ko      = 차악
|es      = Chaac
|fr      = Chaac
|ru      = Чаак
|th      = Chaac
|vi      = Chaac
|de      = Chaac
|id      = Chaac
|pt      = Chaac
|tr      = Chaac
|it      = Chaac
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}