{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Chalice of the Font.png
|set   = Echoes of an Offering
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|This teacup forever overflows with fresh water. Perhaps it was a gift from an adeptus, one of their relics, or just something they left behind.}}
'''Chalice of the Font''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Echoes of an Offering]].

==Description==
This was originally a gift from a friend, linked to a small realm within.<br />
The spring within the chalice would never dry up, making it a fine place to temporarily stay.<br />
It could hold a reflection of the sun and moon, and could play host to swimming fish.<br />
<br />
Compared to the ill-fate accorded to the [[Yaksha]], she believed that she was luckier by far.<br />
But the price for inheriting the ancient rites was to never spend much time on land.<br />
In those days, the sweet waters did not flow across [[Liyue]] in such abundance.<br />
The harbor-city beneath the mountains and the gathering in the plains was, to her, a distant dream.<br />
But that person, ever afraid of trouble, decided to set off with this teacup in hand.<br />
<br />
This "[[Liyue Harbor]]" she spoke of would almost certainly be as full of flaws as a village ceremony.<br />
This journey would surely be full of arguments, struggle, and many troubles.<br />
She knew that they both quite enamored with their gifts of the gab, but much less with crowds.<br />
Nowhere else in this world could you find two adepti as small as they, envious and fearing prosperity in equal measure.<br />
<br />
"But we had promised each other many things in the past, and this is very good."<br />
As they were to leave, she thought thus.<br />
"Well, at least this trip will be interesting. I can introduce her to some other old friends."<br />
<br />
Later, the brazier and tea kettle would come into common use, and the teacup's shape, too, was taken up by people.<br />
And thus did everyone become able to have the moon on their desk and hold it in their palms.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Chalice of the Font
|zhs     = 涌泉之盏
|zhs_rm  = Yǒngquán zhī Zhǎn
|zht     = 湧泉之盞
|zht_rm  = Yǒngquán zhī Zhǎn
|zh_tl   = Cup of the Gushing Spring
|ja      = 湧水の杯
|ja_rm   = Yuusui no Sakazuki{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Alcohol Cup of the Spring
|ja_note = In this context, spring refers to a welling of water.
|ko      = 샘물의 {{tt|찻잔|茶<!--ᆺ-->盞}}
|ko_rm   = Saemmurui Chatjan
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Taza de la Fuente
|es_tl   = Cup of the Fountain
|fr      = Calice des sources
|fr_tl   = Chalice of the Springs
|ru      = Чаша истока
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Chalice of the Font
|vi      = Chén Nước {{tt|Thánh|聖<!--?-->}}
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kelch der Quelle
|de_tl   = Chalice of the Spring
|id      = Chalice of the Font
|pt      = Cálice da Fonte
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Echoes of an Offering}}
[[th:Chalice of the Font]]