{{Faction Infobox
|leader        =
|founder       = 
|affiliation   = 
|base          = Within [[Court of Fontaine: Quartier Lyonnais]]<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Santallier}}</ref>
|region        = Fontaine
}}
The '''Champion Duelists''' are a group of duelists in [[Fontaine]]. Any person standing on trial who wishes to defend their honour can do so by requesting a duel from an official Champion Duelist. They are selected from among Fontaine's best fighters.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The City of Rains and Remembrance}}</ref>

If the one being charged wins the duel against a Champion Duelist, they will be acquitted. If not, they will simply have to stand trial. The worst-case scenario is when the Champion Duelist kills their opponent, although this only happens if the person being charged refuses to yield.

Currently, their strongest fighter is [[Clorinde]].

==History==
While the origins of the Champion Duelists are currently unknown, they have existed over 500 years ago, with the earliest known member being [[Marfisa]].

The Champion Duelist Marfisa once lost to the swordsman [[Emanuel Guillotin]] and has fought against [[Parsifal the Great]] (who might also be [[Josephine]]).<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|The First Great Magic}}</ref> However, it is implied that Parsifal was killed in the duel, as it was described to be her "final battle".<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Moment of Judgment}}</ref>

Years prior to the events of the game, [[Callas]], the then president of [[Spina di Rosula]], opted to duel to defend his honor, with his opponent being Clorinde. However, he was ultimately killed in the duel. Clorinde recognized that Callas intentionally allowed himself to die at her hands, although his reasons for doing so would not become clear to the public until years later.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|When All Return to the Waters}}</ref>

==Members==
===Current===
*[[Clorinde]]
*[[Savinien]]
*Guillaume Marais<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Sir Arthur}}</ref>

===Former===
*[[Ismenor]]

===Historical===
*[[Marfisa]]

==Trivia==
*According to [[Vitruvia]], who once aspired to become a Champion Duelist, it is implied that most of the Champion Duelists are [[sword]] users.
*In the 17th and 18th centuries of {{w|England}}, a {{w|duel}} is often fought with swords or pistols. It is also based on a {{w|code of honor}} where one can restore their honor by risking their lives for it. This reference can be seen through the Champion Duelists in the game.
**Clorinde is also seen using both a sword and a pistol.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Champion Duelist
|zhs     = 决斗代理人
|zhs_rm  = Juédòu Dàilǐ-rén
|zht     = 決鬥代理人
|zht_rm  = Juédòu Dàilǐ-rén
|zh_tl   = Dueling Agent
|ja      = 決闘代理人
|ja_rm   = Kettou Dairinin
|ja_tl   = Dueling Agent
|ko      = 결투 대리인
|ko_tl   = Dueling Agent
|es      = {{MC|Verdugo|Verduga|nomc=1}} del justiciazgo
|es_tl   = Executioner of Justice
|fr      = Duelliste {{MC|mandaté|mandatée|nomc=1}}<!--Duelliste mandaté(e) assermenté(e)-->
|fr_tl   = Commissioned Duelist<!--Sworn-in Commissioned Duelist-->
|ru      = Судебный дуэлянт
|ru_tl   = Judicial Duelist
|th      = ตัวแทนประลอง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đấu Sĩ Đại Diện
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = {{MC|Duellrepräsentant|Duellrepräsentantin|nomc=1}}<!--Offiziell Duellrepräsentant-->
|de_tl   = Duel Representative
|id      = Petarung Juara
|id_tl   = Champion Duelist
|pt      = Duelista representante<!--Duelista representante oficial-->
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Düello Şampiyonu<!--Resmi Düello Şampiyonu-->
|tr_tl   = Duel Champion<!--Official Duel Champion-->
|it      = {{MC|Campione|Campionessa|nomc=1}} duellante<!--Campione duellante ufficiale-->
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Verdugos del justiciazgo]]