{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71807
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = Complete [[A New Star Approaches]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*100;Hero's Wit*8;Raw Meat*10;Fowl*10;Fish*10
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 187
|characters    = Changchang; Traveler
}}
'''''Changchang's Little Friend''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]].
==Steps==
# Talk to [[Changchang]]
# Feed the dog a serving of [[Fowl]]
# Report back to Changchang

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Changchang]] from [[Liyue Harbor]] is looking for someone to get some food for a little puppy...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Changchang:''' Ah, how am I going to feed it...
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:'''Changchang:''' I'm wondering how to feed the puppy that I met earlier.
:'''Changchang:''' Granddad said before that the city was in too much of a mess, and he wouldn't let me go feed it.
:'''Changchang:''' Although he says that everything's fine in the city now, he's been too busy to take me there...
:'''Changchang:''' We haven't fed that puppy for so long... I hope it hasn't starved yet. Granddad says that puppies can find food for themselves, but I'm worried.
:'''Changchang:''' Could you help me go to the city gate and feed my puppy?
:{{DIcon}} Gotcha.
::'''Changchang:''' Yay! Thanks!
:{{DIcon}} I've got a fear of dogs...
::'''Changchang:''' Oh, don't be scared! It's a good puppy, it won't bite you.
::'''Changchang:''' I'm counting on you, then!
:{{DIcon}} What should I feed it?
:'''Changchang:''' Granddad usually prepares the doggy food, but it's Fowl... I think.
:'''Changchang:''' Um, then... Could you help me get a portion of Fowl to feed our puppy with?
:'''Changchang:''' Please hurry &mdash; I... I don't want it to starve...

;(Talking to Changchang again)
:'''Changchang:''' I hope that our puppy isn't starving...

----

;(After feeding the dog)
:'''Changchang:''' Have you fed our puppy yet?
:{{DIcon}} It should have eaten its fill.
:'''Changchang:''' Thank you so much, Sir/Ma'am!
:'''Changchang:''' Here, this is for you. I saved it up myself just to thank you!
:'''Changchang:''' Granddad should swing by in a few days and take me to go feed it.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Changchang's Little Friend
|zhs     = 畅畅和她的小伙伴
|zhs_rm  = Chàngchàng hé Tā de Xiǎo Huǒbàn
|zht     = 暢暢和她的小夥伴
|zht_rm  = Chàngchàng hàn Tā de Xiǎo Huǒbàn
|zh_tl   = Changchang and Her Little Friend
|ja      = チャンチャンと彼女の仲間
|ja_rm   = Chanchan to Kanojo no Nakama
|ja_tl   = Changchang and Her Companion
|ko      = 창아와 그녀의 작은 친구
|ko_rm   = Chang'awa Geunyeo-ui Jageun Chin'gu
|ko_tl   = Changchang and Her Little Friend
|es      = Changchang y su amiguito
|es_tl   = Changchang and Her Little Friend
|fr      = Le compagnon de Changchang
|fr_tl   = Changchang's Friend
|ru      = Чан Чан и её спутник
|ru_tl   = Changchang and Her Companion
|th      = เพื่อนตัวน้อยของ Changchang
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Changchang Và Bạn
|vi_tl   = Changchang and her Friend
|de      = Changchangs kleiner Freund
|de_tl   = Changchang's Little Friend
|id      = Changchang dan Teman Kecilnya
|id_tl   = Changchang and Her Little Friend
|pt      = Changchang e seu Pequeno Amigo
|pt_tl   = Changchang and Her Little Friend
|tr      = Changchang'in Küçük Arkadaşı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il piccolo amico di Changchang
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[es:Changchang y su amiguito]]
[[ja:チャンチャンと彼女の仲間]]