<noinclude>{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Scaling
}}</noinclude>
'''Charged Attacks''' are performed by holding the [[Normal Attack]] button. These attacks are usually stronger, but take slightly longer to perform and typically consume [[Stamina]]. [[Bow]] characters are an exception; Stamina is not consumed in Aimed Shot mode and charging up an attack is only needed to make it deal [[Elemental]] Damage.

A single Charged Attack typically consumes 20 Stamina for [[:Category:Sword Characters|Sword users]], 25 Stamina for [[:Category:Polearm Characters|Polearm users]], 50 Stamina for [[:Category:Catalyst Characters|Catalyst users]], and 40 Stamina per second for [[:Category:Claymore Characters|Claymore users]], with exceptions.

Sword users and Polearm users must always perform at least one Normal Attack before performing their Charged Attack.

==Aimed Shots==
'''Aimed Shots''' are Charged Attacks for [[Bow]] characters. They can be aimed with precision and do not consume Stamina. A fully-charged attack in Aimed Shot mode will deal Elemental DMG of the character's Element; releasing the arrow before it is fully charged will deal {{Color|Physical DMG}} to the target. A non-charged Aimed Shot also counts as a Charged Attack.

There are two ways to enter Aimed Shot mode. Holding the Normal Attack button temporarily enters Aimed Shot mode and ends upon releasing the Normal Attack button. Players can also press the appropriate [[keybind]] or button to enter a persistent Aimed Shot Mode, which remains until the keybind or button is pressed again, the active character takes damage, or the active character performs any action aside from walking or shooting.

Aimed Shots can travel very far, especially when aimed high into the air. However, the farther they travel, the less damage they deal.

Fully-charged Aimed Shots that are fired behave as objects affected by their element. Therefore, they may interact with other element applications. For example, in rainy [[weather]], fully-charged {{Anemo}} Aimed Shots periodically produce {{Hydro}} [[Swirl]] reactions &mdash; fully-charged {{Pyro}} Aimed Shots are [[Vaporize]]d and extinguished after a period of time in flight, dealing {{color|Physical DMG}} if they hit a target after being extinguished. Fully-charged {{Hydro}} Aimed Shots may be [[Frozen]] in the air by a {{Cryo}} attack.

===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Bow Normal Attacks}}

===Charge Levels===
{{Main|Charge Levels}}
Some bow characters have different Aimed Shot Charge Levels.

{{Talents by Category Table|Charge Level Talents&Normal Attacks}}

==Charged Attack Modification==
===Talents===
These Talents grant modifications or additional effects to Charged Attacks (besides [[Elemental Infusion]]s, which also infuse Charged Attacks). For example, Ganyu has a second charged level for her Liutian Archery, and Hu Tao applies the special Blood Blossom [[status]] with her Charged Attacks when in her Paramita Papilio state (and this is an additional effect besides her infusion). Other abilities can heal (Barbara), do additional damage (Yanfei), or have reduced stamina cost (Diluc).

{{Talents by Category Table|Charged Attack Talents}}

===Constellations===
These are constellations that grant modifications or additional effects to Charged Attacks.
{{Constellations by Category Table|Charged Attack Constellations}}

==Charged Attack Damage Increase==
===Talents===
====Percentage====
{{Talents by Category Table|Charged Attack DMG Increase Talents&Percentage DMG Increase Talents}}

====Flat====
{{Talents by Category Table|Charged Attack DMG Increase Talents&Flat DMG Increase Talents}}
<!--
====Multiplicative====
{{Talents by Category Table|Charged Attack DMG Increase Talents&Multiplicative DMG Increase Talents}}-->

===Constellations===
====Percentage====
{{Constellations by Category Table|Charged Attack DMG Increase Constellations&Percentage DMG Increase Constellations}}
<!--
====Flat====
{{Constellations by Category Table|Charged Attack DMG Increase Constellations&Flat DMG Increase Constellations}}

====Multiplicative====
{{Constellations by Category Table|Charged Attack DMG Increase Constellations&Multiplicative DMG Increase Constellations}}-->

==Artifacts==
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Charged Attack DMG Increase Artifacts}}

==Weapons==
===Percentage===
{{Weapons by Category Table|Charged Attack DMG Bonus Passive Weapons}}

===Flat===
{{Weapons by Category Table|Charged Attack Flat DMG Increase Passive Weapons}}

==Charged Attack Damage Decrease==
===Weapons===
{{Weapons by Category Table|Charged Attack DMG Decrease Passive Weapons}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Charged Attack
|zhs     = 重击
|zhs_rm  = Zhòngjī
|zht     = 重擊
|zht_rm  = Zhòngjí
|zh_tl   = Heavy Hit
|ja      = 重撃
|ja_rm   = Juugeki
|ja_tl   = Heavy Hit
|ko      = 강공격
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ATQ Cargado
|es_tl   = Charged ATK
|fr      = Attaque chargée
|fr_tl   = Charged Attack
|ru      = Заряженная атаки
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ชาร์จโจมตี
|th_rm   = Chage Chomti
|th_tl   = Charge Attack
|vi      = Trọng Kích
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Heftiger Schlag
|de_tl   = Hefty Strike
|id      = Charged Attack
|pt      = Ataque Carregado
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Type Navbox}}

[[Category:Combat Talents]]