{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Item Shivada Jade Fragment.png
|type         = Item Types
}}
'''Character Ascension Materials''' are [[Character Development Item]]s used for ascending [[Character]]s once they have reached their current maximum level. Most of these materials are grouped by their element. All characters will require character ascension materials of the same element they use - the only exception is the [[Traveler]], which uses an exclusive set of materials called [[Brilliant Diamond]]s.

See [[Character Ascensions]] for details on when characters can be ascended. Check each character's page to see which materials are required for their ascensions, or check each materials page to see which characters use that material for ascensions.

==Ascension Gems==
Below are all the gem-type character ascension materials.

Except for [[Brilliant Diamond]]s all gems of higher rarity can be crafted via [[Alchemy]] by combining lower-rarity materials of the same element. The player needs to increase their [[Adventure Rank]] in order to unlock the ability to craft certain materials. Adventure Rank 25 for Fragments, Adventure Rank 35 for Chunks, and Adventure Rank 45 for Gemstones.

{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align:center;"
! Materials !! Character Usage
|-
|[[Brilliant Diamond]]<br />{{Card|Brilliant Diamond Sliver|stars=1|Sliver}}{{Card|Brilliant Diamond Fragment|stars=1|Fragment}}{{Card|Brilliant Diamond Chunk|stars=1|Chunk}}{{Card|Brilliant Diamond Gemstone|stars=1|Gemstone}}
|{{Character|Traveler|50}}
|-
|[[Agnidus Agate]]<br />{{Card|Agnidus Agate Sliver|stars=1|Sliver}}{{Card|Agnidus Agate Fragment|stars=1|Fragment}}{{Card|Agnidus Agate Chunk|stars=1|Chunk}}{{Card|Agnidus Agate Gemstone|stars=1|Gemstone}}
|{{Element|Pyro|50}}<br />[[Pyro#Playable Characters|Pyro Characters]]
|-
|[[Varunada Lazurite]]<br />{{Card|Varunada Lazurite Sliver|stars=1|Sliver}}{{Card|Varunada Lazurite Fragment|stars=1|Fragment}}{{Card|Varunada Lazurite Chunk|stars=1|Chunk}}{{Card|Varunada Lazurite Gemstone|stars=1|Gemstone}}
|{{Element|Hydro|50}}<br />[[Hydro#Playable Characters|Hydro Characters]]
|-
|[[Vayuda Turquoise]]<br />{{Card|Vayuda Turquoise Sliver|stars=1|Sliver}}{{Card|Vayuda Turquoise Fragment|stars=1|Fragment}}{{Card|Vayuda Turquoise Chunk|stars=1|Chunk}}{{Card|Vayuda Turquoise Gemstone|stars=1|Gemstone}}
|{{Element|Anemo|50}}<br />[[Anemo#Playable Characters|Anemo Characters]]
|-
|[[Vajrada Amethyst]]<br />{{Card|Vajrada Amethyst Sliver|stars=1|Sliver}}{{Card|Vajrada Amethyst Fragment|stars=1|Fragment}}{{Card|Vajrada Amethyst Chunk|stars=1|Chunk}}{{Card|Vajrada Amethyst Gemstone|stars=1|Gemstone}}
|{{Element|Electro|50}}<br />[[Electro#Playable Characters|Electro Characters]]
|-
|[[Nagadus Emerald]]<br />{{Card|Nagadus Emerald Sliver|stars=1|Sliver}}{{Card|Nagadus Emerald Fragment|stars=1|Fragment}}{{Card|Nagadus Emerald Chunk|stars=1|Chunk}}{{Card|Nagadus Emerald Gemstone|stars=1|Gemstone}}
|{{Element|Dendro|50}}<br />[[Dendro#Playable Characters|Dendro Characters]]
|-
|[[Shivada Jade]]<br />{{Card|Shivada Jade Sliver|stars=1|Sliver}}{{Card|Shivada Jade Fragment|stars=1|Fragment}}{{Card|Shivada Jade Chunk|stars=1|Chunk}}{{Card|Shivada Jade Gemstone|stars=1|Gemstone}}
|{{Element|Cryo|50}}<br />[[Cryo#Playable Characters|Cryo Characters]]
|-
|[[Prithiva Topaz]]<br />{{Card|Prithiva Topaz Sliver|stars=1|Sliver}}{{Card|Prithiva Topaz Fragment|stars=1|Fragment}}{{Card|Prithiva Topaz Chunk|stars=1|Chunk}}{{Card|Prithiva Topaz Gemstone|stars=1|Gemstone}}
|{{Element|Geo|50}}<br />[[Geo#Playable Characters|Geo Characters]]
|}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==See Also==
* [[Character Level-Up Material]]s
* [[Character Talent Material]]s
* [[Character and Weapon Enhancement Material]]s
* [[Weapon Ascension Material]]s

==Navigation==
{{Development Item Navbox|Character Ascension Materials}}
[[Category:Character Ascension Materials| ]]

[[es:Materiales de mejora de personaje]]
[[fr:Matériaux d'amélioration de personnage]]
[[ja:キャラクター育成素材]]
[[pl:Materiały ascendencji postaci]]
[[pt-br:Materiais de Ascensão de Personagem]]
[[ru:Материалы возвышения персонажа]]
[[th:วัสดุเลื่อนขั้นตัวละคร]]
[[uk:Матеріали для піднесення персонажа]]
[[vi:Nguyên Liệu Bồi Dưỡng Nhân Vật]]
[[zh:角色突破素材]]