{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Wish Types
}}
'''Character Event Wishes''' are [[Wishes]] that have one promotional 5{{star}} [[character]] and three featured 4{{star}} characters. Both the promotional 5{{star}} and featured 4{{star}} items will have an increased probability for players to wish them when compared to the basic rates when the guarantees are factored in.

==Rates==
{|class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
!Item !! Base Rate !! Average Rate<br />including Pity
|-
|5{{star}} Character
|0.6% || 1.6%
|-
|4{{star}} Character or Weapon
|5.1% || 13%
|-
|3{{star}} Weapon
|94.3% || 85.4%
|}

==Rules==
*'''4{{star}} drop guarantee:''' If a player does not obtain any 4{{star}} (or above) item within 9 wishes in a row, the 10th wish is ''guaranteed'' to be a 4{{star}} (or higher) item. (On guarantee, the probability of getting a 4{{star}} item is 99.4%, and the probability of getting a 5{{star}} item is 0.6%.)
**This counter will reset if the player obtains any 4{{star}} item.
*'''Featured 4{{star}} character guarantee:''' Every time a player obtains a 4{{star}} item, there is a 50% chance it will be one of the featured 4{{star}} characters.
**If the 4{{star}} item obtained is ''not'' one of the featured characters, then the next 4{{star}} item obtained is ''guaranteed'' to be one of the featured characters.
**Thus it requires a ''maximum'' of 20 wishes to obtain ''one of'' the featured 4{{star}} characters.
*'''5{{star}} drop guarantee:''' If a player does not obtain any 5{{star}} item after 89 wishes, the 90th wish is ''guaranteed'' to be a 5{{star}} item. (''On average'', a greater proportion of 5{{star}} items are dropped between 74 and 90 pity.)
**This counter will reset if the player obtains any 5{{star}} item.
**Character Event Wishes do not contain 5{{star}} weapons in their item pool, as such each 5{{star}} drop will be a character.
*'''Promotional 5{{star}} character guarantee:''' Every time a player obtains a 5{{star}} item, there is a 50% chance it will be the promotional 5{{star}} character.
**If the 5{{star}} item obtained is ''not'' the promotional character, the next 5{{star}} item is ''guaranteed'' to be the promotional character.
**Thus it requires a ''maximum'' of 180 wishes to guarantee obtaining ''the'' promotional 5{{star}} character.
*'''Counter and Guarantee carry-over:''' Each wish of the same ''type'' shares the above counters and guarantees, this means that your counters for the current Character Event Wish are carried over to the next Character Event Wish (but not the Weapon Event Wish or Wanderlust Invocation).
**For example, if one wishes 89 3/4{{star}} items on Character Event Wish A, then the ''first'' wish on the following promotional Character Event Wish B will be a guaranteed 5-star character.
**Likewise if one wished a non-promotional 5-star character on Character Event Wish A, then the next 5-star character on Character Event Wish B will be guaranteed to be the promotional character.

==Character Event Wish-2==
'''Character Event Wish-2''' is an Event Wish for previously released characters<ref>HoYoverse News: [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/17072 Character Event Wish-2 (New Type) Mechanics Description]</ref>

The wish guarantee count for "Character Event Wish" and "Character Event Wish-2" is shared, and is accumulated between both "Character Event Wish" and "Character Event Wish 2." This wish guarantee count is independent of the guarantee counts of other types of wishes. For example:
* 5-Star Items
*# If you fail to obtain a 5-star character after making 50 Wishes in "Character Event Wish" and continue to wish in "Character Event Wish-2," within a maximum of 40 Wishes made in "Character Event Wish-2," you will be guaranteed to obtain a 5-star character from "Character Event Wish-2."
*# If you obtain a 5-star character from "Character Event Wish" that is not the 5-star Promotional Character on "Character Event Wish" and continue to wish in "Character Event Wish-2," the next 5-star character will be guaranteed to be the 5-star Promotional Character from "Character Event Wish-2."
* 4-Star Items
*# If you fail to obtain a 4-star item after making 6 Wishes in "Character Event Wish" and continue to wish in "Character Event Wish-2," within a maximum of 4 Wishes made in "Character Event Wish-2," you will be guaranteed to obtain at least an item with a 4-star rating or above from "Character Event Wish-2."
*# If you obtain a 4-star item from "Character Event Wish" that is not one of the featured characters on "Character Event Wish" and continue to wish in "Character Event Wish-2," the next 4-star item will be guaranteed to be a 4-star featured character from "Character Event Wish-2."

The wish guarantee count between "Character Event Wish" and "Character Event Wish-2" is completely shared. Even after the end of this period's "Character Event Wish-2," the wish guarantee count will carry over for future Character Event Wishes and Character Event Wishes-2.

==List of Character Event Wishes==
{{See also|Wishes/History}}
{{Wish Series by Category Table}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Wish Navbox}}

[[Category:Wishes| ]]