{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00488
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Leo Minor Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = Master's Day Off
|character     = Jean
|description   = Has [[Charles]] managed to get hold of the tax forms he needs?
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = When the West Wind Arises (Quest)
|next          = Master's Day Off (Quest)
|exp           = 375
|mora          = 22,775
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|characters    = Charles;Ernest;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Charles' Troubles''' is one of the second parts of [[Jean]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Leo Minor Chapter]]: Act I - [[Master's Day Off]].

==Steps==
#Find [[Charles]] and ask about his commission
#Talk to [[Ernest]]
#Escort the transport balloon
#Talk again with Ernest to complete the commission

==Notes==
*If you fail to escort the balloon, you will be taken back to Ernest. No extra dialogue is given.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo qinlq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Lisa]]? Are you here about the tax return?
:{{A|vo qinlq003 1 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh, hello darling. You're quite right. After I heard about poor [[Jean]], I thought I might lend a hand with some of her more literary duties.
:{{A|vo qinlq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cool, well if we're no longer needed here, we'll be on our way.
:{{A|vo qinlq003 1 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Oh wait a moment... Actually, Charles here was wondering&mdash;
:{{A|vo qinlq003 1 charles 01.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Please, allow me, ma'am.
:{{A|vo qinlq003 1 charles 02.ogg}} '''Charles:''' I just took a rather important order, but unfortunately we've run completely dry and the delivery from the winery is behind schedule.
:{{A|vo qinlq003 1 charles 03.ogg}} '''Charles:''' If it's not too much trouble, could you go and {{Color|buzzword|do something about this logistical nuisance}}?
:{{A|vo qinlq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's so urgent about this order?
:{{A|vo qinlq003 1 charles 04.ogg}} '''Charles:''' *sigh* It came in at the last minute. Literally, just a few seconds ago.
:{{A|vo qinlq003 1 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Exactly, hence the urgency.
:{{DIcon}} Okay, I'll see what I can do.
:{{DIcon}} Okay, but my next drink here had better be on the house!
::{{A|vo qinlq003 1 charles 05.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Heh... I'm positive that next time my boss Master [[Diluc]] is here, he'll pick up the tab for you.
::{{A|vo qinlq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds about right!
----
;(Talk to Ernest)
:{{A|vo qinlq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this is where Charles' delivery got to.
<!--inconsistency between VO and dialogue in-game-->
:{{A|vo qinlq003 2 ernesrt 01.ogg}} '''Ernest:''' Have you come to rescue me? I've been waiting long enough.
:{{A|vo qinlq003 2 ernesrt 02.ogg}} '''Ernest:''' In all the time I've been working at the winery, this is the first time I've been robbed by hilichurls. *sigh*
:{{A|vo qinlq003 2 ernesrt 03.ogg}} '''Ernest:''' If you'd taken any longer, I don't know what I would have done.
:{{A|vo qinlq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fear not. (Traveler) here is a hilichurl exterminator extraordinaire!
:{{A|vo qinlq003 2 ernesrt 04.ogg}} '''Ernest:''' Just as well. Then... please escort this {{Color|buzzword|transporter}} to the end of the road.
:{{A|vo qinlq003 2 ernesrt 05.ogg}} '''Ernest:''' And be careful with it. Just beating up the hilichurls is not the aim here. You'd better {{Color|make sure the goods stay intact}} because I certainly don't have the Mora to replace them.
:{{A|vo qinlq003 2 ernesrt 06.ogg}} '''Ernest:''' I'll be waiting up ahead.
:;(The escort of Transport Balloon starts)
----
;(Talk to Ernest after successfully escorting the transporter)
:{{A|vo qinlq003 4 ernesrt 01.ogg}} '''Ernest:''' Thank you, my friend. I thought I was in deep trouble this time, it's a good thing you showed up.
:{{A|vo qinlq003 4 ernesrt 02.ogg}} '''Ernest:''' I'll put in a good word for you with the gentlemen at the winery.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Charles' Troubles
|zhs     = 委托人查尔斯的烦恼
|zhs_rm  = Wěituōrén Chá'ěrsī de Fánnǎo
|zht     = 委託人查爾斯的煩惱
|zht_rm  = Wěituōrén Chá'ěrsī de Fánnǎo
|zh_tl   = Client Charles' Troubles
|ja      = 依頼人チャールズの悩み
|ja_rm   = Irainin Chaaruzu no Nayami
|ja_tl   = Client Charles' Troubles
|ko      = 의뢰인 찰스의 고민
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El apuro de Charles
|es_tl   = Charles' Hurry
|fr      = Les soucis de Charles
|fr_tl   = Charles' Troubles
|ru      = Беспокойство Чарльза
|ru_tl   = Charles' Anxiety
|th      = ความกลุ้มใจของ Charles
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nỗi Buồn Phiền Của Người Ủy Thác Charles
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Sorgen des Auftraggebers Charles
|de_tl   = Client Charles' Worries
|id      = Masalah Charles
|id_tl   = Charles' Troubles
|pt      = Preocupações do Solicitante Charles
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:El apuro de Charles]]