{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Charlotte
|id             = 368174
|image          = Character Charlotte Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Charlotte''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Interview...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Big scoop...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My manuscripts...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The truth...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The pictures...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I'd like to ask...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} You're finally here...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Hey, there you are! This sure is a mysterious place...
:{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' I've taken a ton of photos &mdash; and boy, do I have a list of questions for you!
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' It's idyllic. And the lighting is perfect &mdash; you can take the most beautiful photos from literally any angle.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' And yet... We're currently inside your teapot... right?
::{{DIcon}} That's right. Does that worry you?
:::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' No, not really. I was just wondering... What happens if someone opens the lid and pours water in?
:::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' How would that manifest in here? A flood? A storm? Would the water level start rising from beneath our feet?
:::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' I'd love to record that as it happens... Would you mind heading outside for a second and pouring some water in?
::{{DIcon}} I don't use this pot to brew tea. So don't worry.
:::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Really? You've never brewed tea in here? Ah, well that's a shame. I was going to ask you about how this unique environment affects the flavor of the tea.
:::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' I heard this legend during an interview with someone from Liyue once. They said there was once an adeptus who poured half of the Bishui River into their teapot to brew some tea...
:::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship1 03b 3.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' When the tea was ready, the adeptus poured the whole pot back into the river, and that's how the river got its distinct color.
:::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship1 03b 4.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' No idea if there's any truth to it... I'd sure like to taste the water from the Bishui River if I ever got the chance, just to see if there's any hint of a tea flavor.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Sure &mdash; anything you wanna know about in particular? Ooh, I know... I'll tell you about the time that "Bedazzled!" caused a huge scandal.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' They once ran a special report which claimed that the production and promotion of Fonta was part of a sinister plot by the Fontaine Research Institute.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like a tasty conspiracy theory.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Right? Anyway, they put forward a theory that long-term consumption of Fonta makes human teeth and bones incredibly fragile.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' It would end up destroying people's bodies to the point where they could no longer take care of themselves &mdash; even walking and eating would be agonizingly difficult.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Finally, people would be forced into relying on machines just to survive. And that's when the Fontaine Research Institute, who develops all kinds of meka, would swoop in to save the day and turn a huge profit in the process.
::{{DIcon}} That's extremely far-fetched...
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Most of my colleagues and I thought so, too. As far as we're concerned, "Bedazzled!" makes up things like this all the time, so we thought nothing of it.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' But it turned out that a whole bunch of people who already hated Fonta were completely convinced it was true... Well, either that, or they saw it as a good opportunity to vent their grievances.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Either way, after that article was published, the Maison Gestion was inundated with complaint letters accusing Fonta of harming children.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' They claimed that Fonta doesn't just damage childrens' teeth, but also stunts their growth, discourages them from drinking plain water, and ruins their appetites...
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' It all got so out of hand that Mr. Heinry got pressured into doing a public interview with The Steambird, in which he stated that he would personally prove that Fonta was harmless...
::{{DIcon}} How did he plan to do that?
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' He declared that he would start drinking three cups of Fonta every day until he turned 60.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' He also promised to publish the results of his monthly physical check-ups in The Steambird to make them available for public scrutiny.
::{{DIcon}} I shouldn't laugh, but... This is a hilarious story.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Hahaha, it really is. We've been joking about it in the office ever since. He's never gonna live this one down.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' To his credit though, Mr. Heinry managed to turn the whole fiasco into a huge publicity stunt for Fonta. Their sales really rocketed for a while off the back of this.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' And for all his big promises about publishing his monthly medical reports and drinking Fonta till he turned 60... Well, a few months later, everyone had moved on and forgotten all about it.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Well... I'd like to take some photos for work, if it's alright with you?
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' I'd love to do a story about that big plump talking finch, for example. Now that would be an interesting read!
::{{DIcon}} You'd have to ask Tubby for her permission on that...
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Ahh, so Tubby's its name... Don't worry, I'm a professional! I always make sure to get people's consent before publishing anything that's specifically about them.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Speaking of consent, would you have any objections to the general public learning about this wondrous teapot of yours?
::{{DIcon}} Please keep my poor teapot out of the talons of The Steambird, Charlotte...
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Sure thing. If you're not comfortable with me reporting on it, I'll keep it out of the news.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' But... Could you at least tell me... who made this teapot for you?
::{{DIcon}} It was an adeptus from Liyue.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' An adeptus? Wow! Uh... Maybe you could introduce me? I'm so fascinated by the adepti &mdash; I'd love to learn more about them.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' I hear there's all sorts of rules and taboos you have to observe when you're seeking an adeptus... Are you able to go over all of that with me?
::{{DIcon}} It's not that complicated. I can just take you there.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Really!? Amazing. Well that settles it &mdash; I'll put it in my schedule and come find you when I'm ready. No backing out, okay?
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' ...I knew you were well-connected, but wow, fraternizing with the adepti? That's really incredible.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Now that I've got a friend like you, I'll never need to worry about networking again! Hahaha...
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' An exclusive interview with an adeptus... What would a good title be?&nbsp;..."Investigating an Adeptus"?
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' No, no, no, it needs to sound more reverent &mdash; they'd probably have me thrown down the mountain for suggesting that...
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Journey to Jueyun... Ooh, that's it! I think I'll go with: "Journey to Jueyun: Liyue's Pilgrim Trail."
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Charlotte.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Morning! Oh, snap, look at the time &mdash; I'd better go grab today's paper.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' I'll bring a copy back for you as well.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Charlotte.
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Good night! Ahh... At this hour, I'd usually be proofreading a manuscript or drafting my next one...
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' I'm not used to having so much free time. Hahaha...
::{{A|vo charlotte mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' *gasp* Wait... Did I submit my latest article? I think I did...? Yeah, pretty sure I did...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Court of Justice's Placid Days===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd charlotte residentarea 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Whoa, this is giving me deja vu... Takes me right back to when I was a rookie journalist, scouring the streets for potential news stories.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd charlotte residentarea 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Where you get a lot of people gathered in one place, information starts to circulate. It's out of that environment that news is born. So we're not likely to stumble across any big stories today, with only you and me here.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd charlotte residentarea 03.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' But that aside &mdash; if you're looking to stock up that newsstand, I recommend The Steambird.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Key to a Stable Work-Rest Cycle===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd charlotte residentareaindoors 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Hey, my place in the Court of Fontaine has the same furniture! But somehow, the sight of it has a weird way of making me sleepy...
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd charlotte residentareaindoors 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Oh, I know what it is... There've been times in the past when I've worked pretty much around the clock trying to make a deadline, and I'd be constantly going back and forth between a bed and a chair that are the spitting image of these.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd charlotte residentareaindoors 03.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' If it's okay with you, could I use this place as my secret writing chamber once in a while?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Charlotte/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Charlotte/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:シャルロット/仲間]]
[[ru:Шарлотта/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Charlotte/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Charlotte/Bạn Đồng Hành]]