{{DISPLAYTITLE:Character Menu}}
{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = List
|tab3 = Comparison
|tab4 = Menu
|tab5 = Gallery
}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|title        = Character Menu
|type         = Menus
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
The '''Character Menu''' is the place where the player can view their current character configuration, it is unlocked by default upon starting the game. There are several key aspects of the character menu that you should be aware of that will optimize your character experience. The character menu can be opened via the white icon in the upper right that looks like the [[Traveler]]'s head. It can also accessed from [[Paimon Menu]] > [[Character]]. The default keybind for opening the Character Menu is {{key|C}}.

A scrollable list of characters you currently own as well as any trial characters currently in your party will be at the top or the left of the screen, depending on your device. Clicking on the bottom left button with four squares will allow you to view a tiled list of all of your characters and quick-select a character.

The character's element and [[Vision]] is in the upper left corner, showing the character origin as well as the element the character resonates with. This element color will also be in the background and the element in question will fill the background both visually and aurally in the form of [[Electro|lightning]], [[Hydro|water bubbles]], [[Cryo|snow]], [[Pyro|ash]], [[Anemo|wind]], or [[Geo|rocks]].

==Attributes==
The '''[[Attributes]]''' menu lists the various attributes a character has. It is also the menu by which you level up characters (and claim level-up rewards) and access the [[Dressing Room]] to change their outfits. Directly underneath the character level is a quick summary of character stats, including Max HP, ATK, DEF, Elemental Mastery and Max Stamina. Clicking on the "Details" button will show more character stats. Underneath this button are the [[Friendship Level]] of the character and a brief description of them.

The "Level Up" or "Ascend" button will allow you to level up or ascend your character. To ascend, you will need certain [[Character Ascension Materials]]. To level up, you will need [[Character EXP]] materials (like Wanderer's Advice, Adventurer's Experience, or Hero's Wit). Future ascensions' required materials and rewards can be previewed via the button that has a four-pointed star with an up arrow.

==Weapons==
The '''[[Weapons]]''' menu shows the current weapon a character has equipped. Selecting "Switch" or "Enhance" will allow you to change the character's weapon to another one. Like characters themselves, you may need [[Weapon Ascension Materials]] to ascend a weapon.

The name of the weapon is at the top in the side panel, alongside the base ATK and Elemental Mastery. The rarity is listed next, then the current weapon level. The refinement level is listed underneath, alongside its weapon buff.

==Artifacts==
The '''[[Artifacts]]''' menu shows the currently applied artifacts to a character. If a number is listed by it, it means that the character has that many empty artifact slots that have artifacts available to equip.

Artifacts can be leveled up by choosing "Enhance" and switched to by selecting "Equip" or "Switch". Artifacts consume other artifacts as well as [[Artifact EXP]] materials to level up. Details as to the buffs your artifacts are providing can be found by clicking on "Artifact Details". A few basic artifact buffs are listed above that button.

==Constellation==
The '''[[Constellation]]''' menu gives details on a character's [[constellation]]. The character's constellation shape is shown along with the constellations themselves. All characters start at Constellation Level 0. Each additional [[Stella Fortuna]] (or [[Memories]] in the Traveler's case) will activate the next constellation level. After reaching Constellation Level 6, a character will have reached its maximum constellation level.

==Talents==
The '''[[Talents]]''' menu provides information on a character's [[talents]]. Clicking on an individual talent will allow you preview the next level's effects and level up the talent if applicable, provided that you have sufficient [[Talent Level-Up Materials]]. All characters have a [[Normal Attack]], an [[Elemental Skill]], an [[Elemental Burst]], a [[1st Ascension Passive]], and a [[4th Ascension Passive]] talent. All characters except the [[Traveler]] have a [[Utility Passive]]. Some characters have additional talents like an [[Alternate Sprint]] or a secondary Utility Passive.

==Profile==
The '''Profile''' menu allows you to view additional character details, stories, and voice-overs for a character. Additional character details include voice actor credits for your chosen audio language, birthday, affiliation, Vision/Gnosis element, and Constellation name. Clicking on "Story" and "Voice-Over" will show a character's stories and voice-overs. Stories and voice-overs that have not yet been unlocked cannot be accessed, but their names can be viewed.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}