{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70521
|image         = Event Quest Good as New.png <!--same image-->
|type          = World
|event_name    = Of Ballads and Brews
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Obtain at least 1,000,000 [[Business Earnings|funds]] in the ''[[Of Ballads and Brews/Charity and Creativity|Charity and Creativity]]'' segment
|characters    = Bernhard; Eula; Amber; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Favonian Goodies and Buddies
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|other         = {{Card|Wanderer's Advice|4}}{{Card|Adventurer's Experience|2}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Charity Event! A Great Success!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Ballads and Brews]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go back to the shop and check how the charity event is going

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The charity event is coming to an end. Hope all the effort has paid off...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eula, Amber, you're here!
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 01.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Ah. Found you.
:{{Introductory Note|Eula}}
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait, you came here looking for us?
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Of course! Do you have any idea how popular your charity stall is? Everyone's been talking about it...
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' "Favonian Goodies and Buddies, run by the Honorary Knight and their sidekick, is selling all kinds of fantastic treasures &mdash; and even giving away some wonderful others for FREE! Don't miss out!"
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, so after all that, Paimon's back to being the sidekick? Hmm... Still, Paimon's really happy to hear that people are giving good reviews!
:{{DIcon}} It's all thanks to our customers.
:{{DIcon}} We owe everything to them.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, what have you two been up to these days? Did you go off on a trip or something? We haven't seen you around all festival.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Haha, that's because we're still working.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You still have to work?
:{{DIcon}} You don't get any time off during the festival?
:{{DIcon}} You got stuck with the holiday shift, huh?
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 02.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Technically, Amber and I are on a "vacation schedule."
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 03.ogg}} '''Eula:''' There are more merchant caravans than usual traveling the route between Dornman Port and Mondstadt City during the festival. Extra traffic means extra security is required.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Because of monsters and bandits and stuff?
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 04.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Yes. The Reconnaissance Company is tasked with patrolling this route during the festive period...
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 05.ogg}} '''Eula:''' As well as traveling with the caravans to ensure essential goods are delivered without incident, we have to investigate suspicious locations to eliminate any emerging threats.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, that seems like a lot of work... sounds like you'll be working non-stop around the clock right up until the end of the Weinlesefest!
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 06.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Of course not. We take shifts.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 07.ogg}} '''Eula:''' While one team is on duty, another is resting, and a third team is on standby in case of emergencies.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 08.ogg}} '''Eula:''' These three teams rotate periodically.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Eula's such an experienced captain. She arranged everything this way so that the Reconnaissance Company can meet the intense demand during the festival, while still giving everyone a chance to take some time off. Gotta say, great organizing, Eula!
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 09.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Yes, alright, Amber. I did my job, like I always do. I really don't see what the fuss is all about...
:{{DIcon}} Quite the glowing review, Outrider.
::{{A|vo jyeq004 1 ambor 05a 1.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hehehe, that's not the half of it. When you've got the time, I should tell you the story of when Eula got made captain. Now that's a good one.
:{{DIcon}} Captain Eula, you are an inspiration to us all.
::{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 10b 1.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Enough. Both of you. The festive spirit is turning you into giddy little children.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Ahem... Anyway, we didn't come here just to chit-chat... I'll let Eula do the honors.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 11.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Okay. I need 40 portions of Knights' Special Northern Smoked Chicken, and 40 of Favonius-Favored Pile 'Em Up...
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's such a huge order! What's the occasion?
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... are the Knights of Favonius having an official feast? How come nobody told us about it...
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Haha, nothing quite as glamorous as all that. Captain Eula wants some supplies to reward her team members with.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 12.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Correct. Scouts use up an enormous amount of energy in a single day. Each meal, they eat enough to feed, hmm... 4–5 normal people.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 13.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Plus, a long-standing member has recently returned to our ranks after a long absence. I thought it would be fitting to celebrate the occasion.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 14.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Of all the things I could have bought, I thought it would be best to have the money go to you. That way, I can support a charitable cause while I'm at it.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon agrees! You made the right decision, Eula! It's what we business owners call a win-win situation!
:{{DIcon}} Thank you for your generous contribution!
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, about this "long-standing member" you mentioned... Is it that guy we met recently...?
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 15.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Mika, the front-line land surveyor. He was a vital member of our team before the Grand Master borrowed him for the expedition.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mika, yeah, that's the one! Paimon never would've thought that shy little guy was such a strong knight!
:{{DIcon}} But he seemed scared of us.
:{{DIcon}} He barely said two words before running away...
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 ambor 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Mika's not afraid of you guys. That was his way of showing respect to you... although admittedly it is kind of a roundabout way of doing it.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 ambor 09.ogg}} '''Amber:''' He thinks all mighty people have unique personalities, and prefers to understand what makes them tick and the way they think before properly interacting with them.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 ambor 10.ogg}} '''Amber:''' He says it makes it easier to communicate that way.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 16.ogg}} '''Eula:''' He was the same way toward me and Amber at first. As we gradually got to know each other, he started acting more naturally.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Interesting... sounds like Mika's the one with the unique personality.
:{{DIcon}} I'll remember that.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure we'll get along just fine.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 17.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Mm-hmm. It'll just take a little time, that's all.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 18.ogg}} '''Eula:''' You are a high-profile figure within the Knights of Favonius. As his commanding officer, I have a duty to make sure no misunderstandings arise between you.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heh, it's alright, Eula, we get it. You're just looking after him.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 ambor 11.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Wait! Eula, did you just pay for my portion, too?
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 ambor 12.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I was supposed to pay for mine separately... I'm not an official member of the Reconnaissance Company.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 eula 19.ogg}} '''Eula:''' If you want to get official about it, then fine: it's officially my treat. There, now stop worrying.

:'''You hand Eula and Amber the meals they purchased. They thank you and leave.'''

:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, thanks to Eula and Amber, we made a whole day's worth of Mora in one fell swoop!
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 bernhard 01.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Honorary Knight, Paimon! I have the most wonderful news&mdash;
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 bernhard 02.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Thanks to your sterling efforts, the funds we've raised in this charity sale have blown our original predictions right out of the water! It's a phenomenal success!
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon told you so! We're good at this stuff.
:{{DIcon}} Great work, everyone.
:{{DIcon}} You did great as well, Bernhard.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 bernhard 03.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Ah, but you two deserve all the credit. It's your expert management that made this event what it was.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 bernhard 04.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' I've handed over all the revenue to the person responsible for managing our charitable funds. And with that, the event finally comes to a close.
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 bernhard 05.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' As a gesture of our appreciation, we'd like to give you both a fee for all your hard work. You've more than earned it!
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 bernhard 06.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' After this, I feel like I could even run a shop of my own in the future! Haha, maybe we'll get the chance to work together one day!
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It feels like we accomplished a lot together!
:{{A|vo jyeq004 1 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If the chance ever comes up, let's do it again!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Charity Event! A Great Success!
|zhs     = 义卖活动！完满收场！
|zhs_rm  = Yìmaì Huódòng! Wǎnměi Shōuchǎng!
|zht     = 義賣活動！完滿收場！
|zht_rm  = Yìmaì Huódòng! Wǎnměi Shōuchǎng!
|zh_tl   = Charity Event! A Perfect Conclusion!
|ja      = チャリティーイベント！円満に終了！
|ja_rm   = Charitii Ibento! Enman ni Shuuryou!
|ja_tl   = Charity Event! Happy End!
|ko      = 자선 판매 행사! 순조로운 마무리!
|ko_rm   = Jaseon Panmae Haengsa! Sunjoroun Mamuri!
|ko_tl   = Charity Sales Event! Smooth Finish!
|es      = El rotundo éxito del evento benéfico
|es_tl   = The Charity Event's Resounding Success
|fr      = Vente caritative ! Un gros succès !
|fr_tl   = Charity Sale! A Big Success!
|ru      = Благотворительная ярмарка! Огромный успех!
|ru_tl   = Charity Fair! A Big Success!
|th      = กิจกรรมออกร้านการกุศล! สำเร็จลุล่วง!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hoạt Động Từ Thiện! Kết Thúc Viên Mãn!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wohltätigkeitsverkauf! Ein großer Erfolg!
|de_tl   = Charity Sale! A Huge Success!
|id      = Acara Amal! Sukses Besar!
|id_tl   = Charity Event! Big Success!
|pt      = Venda Beneficente! Um Sucesso Completo!
|pt_tl   = Charity Sale! A Complete Success!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
[[pt-br:Venda Beneficente! Um Sucesso Completo!]]