{{Stub|Expand trial character mechanics.<br />Need to add {{T|Trial Character}} to all pages with Trial Character(s) to populate list}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Trial Character.png
|type         = Game Systems
}}
'''Trial Characters''' are available during specific [[Quests]] and [[Events]], allowing players to try them out even if they have not acquired the character themselves.

==Mechanics==
Trial Characters are playable characters made available to all players during certain Quests, Domains, or Events, regardless of whether the player has personally acquired them. Their weapons, artifacts, Talent levels, and Constellations are fixed and cannot be altered by the player. Artifact details also cannot be viewed.

===Quests===
A Trial Character will be added to the player's Party as an additional fifth character, which is currently the only way to exceed the four-character Party limit. If the player's own version of the character is already in the Party, no Trial Character will be added and the player will be limited to a four-character party.

Trial Characters' stats, Artifacts, and Talent levels are scaled to the player's [[World Level]]. Normally, Story Quest Trial Characters will have their first three Constellation levels unlocked.

On occasion, Trial Characters' weapons will be retroactively adjusted to accommodate newer Event Wish weapons. Currently, there are no documented cases of Trial Characters' artifact sets being retroactively adjusted.

Some quests do not add the Trial Character as the fifth member, but rather allow the player to use only the trial character(s). Such quests include:
* [[Xiao]] in the [[Story Quest]] domain [[Karma-Heavy Cavern]]
* [[Raiden Shogun]] in the Story Quest [[Farewell to the Past]]
* [[Yanfei]], [[Yelan]], and [[Xiao]] in the [[Archon Quest]] [[End of the Line]]
* [[Kaedehara Kazuha]] in the Story Quest [[A Strange and Friendless Road]]

===Events===
During [[Test Run - Character Trial Event]]s, players are given a fixed party with the featured character, usually paired with one or more "starting" characters ([[Amber]], [[Xiangling]], [[Barbara]], [[Lisa]], [[Kaeya]], [[Noelle]]). [[Ningguang]] also participates in [[Gorou]]'s character trials.

[[Misty Dungeon]] and [[Hyakunin Ikki]] have provided multiple Trial Characters that can be used alongside the players' own characters. These Trial Characters are mutually exclusive with the players' versions of them, so having two versions of a character at once is not possible.

===Domains===
The only long-term domains with trial characters are the [[Elemental Trial]]s in [[Temple of the Lion]], [[Mondstadt]]. Only the trial characters can be used.
{{Clr}}

==Trial Character List==
{{#DPL:
|namespace=Category
|category=Character Trials by Character
|include={:¦Phantom Trial Character List}
|table=class="article-table sortable tdc1",-,style="width: 60px¦Character,Quests,Events
|tablerow=%%
|allowcachedresults=true
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}