{{See also|Character Level-Up Material#Weekly Boss Drops|l1=Weekly Boss Drops|Talent/Leveling|l2=Talent Leveling}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Item Types
}}
'''Character Talent Materials''' are [[Material]]s that are used along with [[Character and Weapon Enhancement Material]]s and [[Character Level-Up Material]]s to level up a [[Character]]'s talents. Higher quality materials can also be crafted with [[Alchemy]] by combining lower quality materials of the same type. For example:
* {{Item|Teachings of Freedom|30|x=3}} can be combined to create {{Item|Guide to Freedom|30|x=1}}.
* {{Item|Guide to Freedom|30|x=3}} can be combined to create {{Item|Philosophies of Freedom|30|x=1}}.

As some Character Talent Materials look like books (or scrolls), they are commonly referred to as "talent books" by the community.

Check each character's page to see which materials are required for their talents or check each materials page to see which characters use that material for leveling talents.

A character must be at Ascension Phase 2 (which requires [[Adventure Rank]] 25/[[Character#Ascensions|Character level]] 40+) to begin leveling up talents using talent materials.

{{Reset}}
{{Domain Materials by Weekday|Mastery}}

==Talent Books==
===Traveler===
{{Main|Traveler#Elemental Alignment}}
The Traveler is unique as the Talent Books they require alternate through all three for a region with each level depending on their Elemental Alignment.{{Card|Traveler}}

===Mondstadt===
These items can be obtained by completing [[Forsaken Rift]], the [[Domain of Mastery]] in [[Mondstadt]].
{{Characters by Talent Book
|materials = Freedom;Resistance;Ballad
}}

===Liyue===
These items can be obtained by completing [[Taishan Mansion]], the [[Domain of Mastery]] in [[Liyue]].
{{Characters by Talent Book
|materials = Prosperity;Diligence;Gold
}}

===Inazuma===
These items can be obtained by completing [[Violet Court]], the [[Domain of Mastery]] in [[Inazuma]].
{{Characters by Talent Book
|materials = Transience;Elegance;Light
}}

===Sumeru===
These items can be obtained by completing [[Steeple of Ignorance]], the [[Domain of Mastery]] in [[Sumeru]].
{{Characters by Talent Book
|materials = Admonition;Ingenuity;Praxis
}}

===Fontaine===
These items can be obtained by completing [[Pale Forgotten Glory]], the [[Domain of Mastery]] in [[Fontaine]].
{{Characters by Talent Book
|materials = Equity;Justice;Order
}}

===Natlan===
These items can be obtained by completing [[Blazing Ruins]], the [[Domain of Mastery]] in [[Natlan]].
{{Characters by Talent Book
|materials = Contention;Kindling;Conflict
}}

==Limited Quantity Materials==
These materials can only be obtained by [[Offerings]], through Limited-Time [[Flagship Event]]s, or purchased from [[Paimon's Bargains]], and are used for leveling up talents to Level 10.
{{Card|Crown of Insight|&mdash;|stars=1|show_caption=1}}

==Crafting Talents==
{{Main|Alchemy#Character Bonuses|l1=Character Crafting Bonuses}}
Some characters have [[Utility Passive]] Talents that provide bonus Talent Books when [[Crafting]].
{{Talents by Category Table|Character Talent Material Talents}}

==Talent Upgrade Costs==
All characters' talent upgrade costs follow the same pattern, only differing in which materials they use.

{{Character Talent Materials}}
{{Character Talent Materials|triple=1|collapsed=1}}

===Cumulative Talent Upgrade Costs===
{{Character Talent Materials|cumulative=1|collapsed=1}}
{{Character Talent Materials|cumulative=1|triple=1|collapsed=1}}

===Talent Upgrade Costs by Ascension Phase===
{{Character Talent Materials/Ascension|collapsed=1}}
{{Character Talent Materials/Ascension|triple=1|collapsed=1}}

== Trivia ==

* Talent books have different forms from each nations, one that matches with the nation's culture. 
** Mondstadt's talent books are in the form of common paper books.
** Liyue's talent books are in the form of Chinese folded papers.
** Inazuma's talent books are in the form of Japanese silk scrolls (掛軸 ''kakejiku)''
** Sumeru's talent books highly resemble stone inscriptions, which was a common writing method in ancient civilizations in South and Southeast Asia.
**
** Fontaine's talent books are also scrolls, but considering their origin, they are likely to be parchment or papyrus scrolls.
*Talent books from different nations also have an icon on its item and a name that fits and matches the themes and ideals of the nation it's from.
**
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Character Talent Material
|zhs     = 角色天赋素材
|zhs_rm  = Juésè Tiānfù Sùcái
|zht     = 角色天賦素材
|zht_rm  = Jiǎosè Tiānfù Sùcái
|zh_tl   = Character Talent Material
|ja      = キャラクター天賦素材
|ja_rm   = Kyarakutaa Tenpu Sozai
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 캐릭터 특성 소재
|ko_tl   = Character Talent Material
|es      = Material de talento de personaje
|es_tl   = Character Talent Material
|fr      = Matériau d'aptitude de personnage
|fr_tl   = Character {{Lex|Talent|fr}} Material
|ru      = Таланты персонажей
|ru_tl   = Character Talents
|th      = วัสดุพรสวรรค์ของตัวละคร
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nguyên Liệu Thiên Phú Nhân Vật
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Material für Figurentalente
|de_tl   = Material for Character Talents
|id      = Material Talenta Karakter
|id_tl   = Character Talent Material
|pt      = Material de Talento do Personagem
|pt_tl   = Character Talent Material
|tr      = Karakter Yeteneği Malzemesi
|tr_tl   = Character Talent Material
|it      = Materiale per talenti dei personaggi
|it_tl   = Material for Characters' Talents
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Development Item Navbox|Character Talent Materials}}
[[Category:Character Talent Materials| ]]

[[es:Material de talento de personaje]]
[[fr:Matériau d'aptitude de personnage]]
[[ja:キャラクター天賦素材]]
[[pt-br:Materiais de Elevação de Talento]]
[[ru:Материалы талантов персонажей]]
[[th:วัสดุยกระดับพรสวรรค์]]
[[tr:Yetenek Seviyesi Yükseltme Malzemesi]]
[[uk:Матеріали для підвищення рівня таланту]]
[[vi:Nguyên Liệu Thiên Phú Nhân Vật]]
[[zh:天賦培養素材]]