{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70518
|image         = Event Quest Charity Event? Securing Funds.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Of Ballads and Brews
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|Sounds From Afar (Quest)|showType=0}}
|characters    = Barbara; Bernhard; Georg; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = Favonian Goodies
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|rewards       = Adventurer's Experience*2;Wanderer's Advice*4
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Charity Event? Securing Funds?''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Ballads and Brews]] Event.

==Steps==
# Take a stroll around The [[Weinlesefest]]
# Talk to [[Bernhard]]
# Go to [[Angel's Share]]'s stall
# Negotiate with [[Georg]]
#* If negotiation fails, Georg will take the price of 14,000.
# Check out the situation in other shops in advance

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Bernhard, a Knight of Favonius, appears to have encountered some trouble this Weinlesefest...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon logging in)
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, there are a ton of sellers at the Weinlesefest. Should be some pretty cool stuff to check out, right?
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go and browse while we still have the chance!

;(Approach Bernhard)
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 01.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Wait! Honorary Knight! And Paimon, the best guide in Teyvat!
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 02.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' I humbly beg for your assistance!
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Did Paimon hear that right? Is Paimon finally starting to make a name for herself?
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, wait... haven't we met...?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, in the main hall of the Knights of Favonius Headquarters.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 03.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' That's right. I am Bernhard, a member of the Logistics Company under Captain Hertha.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 04.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Normally, I would hope to become better acquainted before asking for a favor like this... but time's running out, so I really have no choice.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 05.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Please help me rescue the charity event!
:{{DIcon}} "Rescue"?
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The charity event? Oh right, Master Jean mentioned that. So what's happened?
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 06.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Well, the Knights of Favonius wants to run a stall during the festival...
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 07.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' The idea is for all profits from the sales to go to charity. Specifically, the funds will provide support to disadvantaged children and elderly citizens.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 08.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' We drew lots to decide whose job it would be, and as it happened... I was the lucky winner. I really didn't want to screw this up, so I asked all around for advice, but...
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 09.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' My experience is in inventory and shipping. Now I'm supposed to run a whole shop, but it took me forever just to think of what to sell... I'm already completely out of my depth.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 10.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' And that is why I humbly beseech you to render your assistance...
:{{DIcon}} I understand.
:{{DIcon}} Everyone has things that they struggle with.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Also, no need to be so formal.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, you said this is to help out the kids and old folks of Mondstadt, right? Sounds like a great cause!
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 paimon 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo jyeq001 1 paimon 08b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}} is an Honorary Knight, and Paimon's a longtime friend of Favonius. We'll be more than happy to do our part.
:{{DIcon}} As Paimon says, we are happy to help.
:{{DIcon}} What do you need from us?
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 11.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Oh, I can't thank you enough! Right, let me get down to brass tacks...
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 12.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Before we can open shop, we need to amass a supply of {{color|buzzword|Fairbrew Jellies}}. This is the basic currency that we will use when running the stall.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 13.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' The wine merchants in the area are in dire need of raw ingredients for wine-making. Sell them raw ingredients, and they will pay you generously in Fairbrew Jellies.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 14.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Also, there are some international customers looking to purchase beverages in bulk during the Weinlesefest period. They're on the market for an agent to handle their purchase orders.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 15.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' In the interests of establishing a long-term business relationship, these customers are usually willing to offer a generous price, and there's also room for negotiation with the wine merchants.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 16.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' The price difference is ours to keep as commission, and you can cash that amount in for Fairbrew Jellies.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So to sum up, our job is to sell ingredients to the wine merchants, and place orders for international customers, making sure to negotiate the price. Right?
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds much easier than Paimon imagined!
:{{DIcon}} We're pretty good at this.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 17.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' R&mdash;Really? Well, that's wonderful!
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 18.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' I have one order here with me already: A Mr. [[Shevirme]] from Sumeru wishes to purchase {{color|buzzword|50 crates of Fruits of the Festival}}.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 19.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' These beverages can be bought from the {{color|buzzword|Angel's Share's stand}}. The shopkeeper's name is {{color|buzzword|Georg}}.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 20.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' He's a very nice man, but he won't be pushed around. Please consider the price carefully and try to reach a good deal with Georg.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 21.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' I should carry on setting up the stall now. Once you've gathered enough Fairbrew Jellies, come back here and we'll take it from there.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 22.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' You won't need to worry about the supplies for the shop.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 23.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' I'm already in contact with the suppliers, and they'll send everything over once the funds are in place.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, sounds good! We'll find the funds and you sort out the shop.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 1 bernhard 24.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' This is an enormous help. Thank you both ever so much!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Business Earnings|20|text=Shevirme's Funds|link=Shevirme's Funds|x=17,000}})

;(Talk to Bernhard again)
:'''Bernhard:''' I'll take care of the shop's set-up. You two can focus on preparing the necessary funds!
:{{DIcon}} About how to prepare the funds...
::'''Bernhard:''' You could help nearby customers place orders with the wine merchants or supply winemakers with ingredients...
::'''Bernhard:''' Either method is fine, so you can just prioritize based on your preference.
:{{DIcon}} About the person in charge being appointed through draws...
::'''Bernhard:''' Well... The person in charge was determined by a random draw mechanism that was intended to give each Knight an equal chance... to facilitate dialogue between us and the public...
::'''Bernhard:''' I can do my usual work just fine. But when it comes to deciding on a direction or coming up with a plan, I'm always afraid that I'll make a mess of things...
::'''Bernhard:''' So, it's a good thing that you, our Honorary Knight, have stepped up to the plate! You could say that you saved this charity event &mdash; not to mention me!
:{{DIcon}} Let me give it a try first!
::'''Bernhard:''' Okay! I'm looking forward to hearing the good news from you.
----
;(Talk to Georg)
:{{A|vo jyeq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi there, Georg. We're Shevirme's agents. He's asked us to order 50 crates of Fruits of the Festival for him.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 2 georg 01.ogg}} '''Georg:''' Oh? Did you say Shevirme? He's a regular customer of mine. Always orders around the same amount each time...
:{{A|vo jyeq001 2 georg 02.ogg}} '''Georg:''' But I digress &mdash; what price are you offering this year?
:;(A Mood gauge appears starting at a random value of 4.25&ndash;4.75 Hearts, and negotiations begin at the default maximum amount of 14,000&nbsp;Fairbrew Jellies)
;(If the price is 11,500&ndash;12,500 Fairbrew Jellies)
::{{A|vo jyeq001 2 georg 03.ogg}} '''Georg:''' I'm sorry &mdash; Did you even speak to Shevirme before deciding on a price? You must be joking, that's much too low.
:;(&minus;1.5 Hearts)
;(If the price is 12,501&ndash;12,809 Fairbrew Jellies)
::{{A|vo jyeq001 2 georg 04.ogg}} '''Georg:''' Look, I know we've had a great harvest this year and our production costs have gone down a fair amount, but even then... I'm afraid this price is just not doable.
:;(&minus;1.5 Hearts)
;(If the price is 12,900&ndash;13,700 Fairbrew Jellies)
::{{A|vo jyeq001 2 georg 06.ogg}} '''Georg:''' Hmm... A little lower than I was hoping for. But he's a reliable customer. I think I can make it work.
:;(Continue to next part)
;(If the price is 13,701&ndash;14,000 Fairbrew Jellies)
::{{A|vo jyeq001 2 georg 05.ogg}} '''Georg:''' Sounds good to me, that's around the same price we've agreed in previous years, too. We have a deal!
:;(Continue to next part)
;(If the Mood gauge reaches 0 Hearts)
::{{A|vo jyeq001 2 georg 07.ogg}} '''Georg:''' I'm sorry, but I just can't consider going that low. If you're serious about placing an order, please, just take my price.
----
;(After negotiating the price)
:{{A|vo jyeq001 2 georg 08.ogg}} '''Georg:''' As usual, I will arrange for someone to deliver the goods directly to Shevirme's place of business.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 2 georg 09.ogg}} '''Georg:''' You won't have to worry about a thing. Just make sure you keep hold of this receipt.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, let's keep bringing the funds in. We gotta work quickly if we wanna gather all these Fairbrew Jellies in time!
:{{A|vo jyeq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bernhard says we can approach this however we want, just as long as we raise all the funds we need...
:{{A|vo jyeq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We get a commission for every order we help place for an international customer. So maybe it's not worth trying to sell loads of ingredients to the wine merchants...
:{{A|vo jyeq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still... just to make sure we've covered everything, let's take a look at the other wine merchants.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Quest Letter|20|text=Shevirme's Invoice|link=Shevirme's Invoice}})
----
;(Approach Bernhard)
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon! You're here!
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! It's Barbara!
:{{DIcon}} Hi, Barbara.
:{{DIcon}} Happy Weinlesefest!
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Thanks! And happy Weinlesefest to you, too!
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' This festival is one of the most popular ones in Mondstadt. I'm so happy I ran into you guys here. I hope you have a great time!
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, also, I heard from Georg that you're collecting Fairbrew Jellies?
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I'm just curious, are you helping out with the Knights of Favonius charity event?
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We sure are! Everybody's gotta do their part, right?
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The stall isn't up and running yet. We're busy raising funds so they can open for business!
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's sure to be a bunch of other problems to deal with once it's open, but whatever comes up, we'll deal with it!
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Wonderful! Heehee... they're lucky to have you. Now that you've joined the team, I just know it'll be a huge success!
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for your encouragement!
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I helped out at a small charity sale for the Knights once, too.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Although... my only contribution was standing out front and singing...
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh! And I also met the bard, Venti there! He even persuaded me to perform an impromptu song with him...
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' The music he plays is quite refined and elegant. At first, I didn't want to sing too loudly, in case I ruined the style he was going for...
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But he sang a harmony to guide me in, and before long, we were sounding great.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 12.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' In the end, the audience loved it, and we sold a lot at the event.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Barbara's worked with the Tone-Deaf Bard before...
:{{DIcon}} I wish I could have been there to hear it.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 13.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Yeah... too bad we couldn't fit it into the schedule this year.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 14.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' The Church of Favonius wants to hold a sung poetry event somewhere with a nice view during the festival, which means I have to go to rehearsal...
:{{DIcon}} Go do what you have to do, it's alright.
:{{DIcon}} We'll take care of the charity event.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, sounds like we've each got our own important work to do. Let's give it our all.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 15.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Thank you both! Well, maybe I can't stay here and sing, but I still wanna do a little something to contribute!
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 16.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I can, um... I can help promote your stall.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 17.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Hmm... Should I make some big posters? Or maybe some flyers to hand out?
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 18.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I'll have to pick a memorable slogan, too! And maybe it'll seem more sincere if I sign them...?
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 19.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Then again, maybe telling people in person would be more effective...
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, with Barbara helping out on the marketing side, this charity event will get loads more attention!
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a lot of effort...
:{{DIcon}} You have so much on your plate already.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 20.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' It's fine, really! It won't take me too long. Now I feel a little embarrassed, heh...
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 21.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Let me think about it a little more and talk to some other people about their marketing experience! {{Traveler}}, Paimon, I'll see you later~
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 barbara 22.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' And, um... the Knights and the Church of Favonius are really proud of you!
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww, thanks! We'll do our best.
:{{A|vo jyeq001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's even more motivated than ever now! {{Traveler}}, we gotta make sure we do a really great job here!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Charity Event? Securing Funds?
|zhs     = 义卖活动？资金筹备？
|zhs_rm  = Yìmaì Huódòng? Zījīn Chóubèi?
|zht     = 義賣活動？資金籌備？
|zht_rm  = Yìmaì Huódòng? Zījīn Chóubèi?
|zh_tl   = Charity Event? Fundraising?
|ja      = チャリティーイベント？資金調達？
|ja_rm   = Charitii Ibento? Shikin Choutatsu?
|ja_tl   = Charity Event? Fundraising?
|ko      = 자선 판매 행사? 자금 준비?
|ko_tl   = Charity Sale Event? Securing Funds?
|es      = Recaudación de fondos para un evento benéfico
|es_tl   = Fundraising for a Charity Event
|fr      = Vente caritative ? Sécurisation de fonds ?
|fr_tl   = Charity Sale? Securing Funds?
|ru      = Благотворительная ярмарка? Сбор средств?
|ru_tl   = Charity Fair? Funding Collection?
|th      = กิจกรรมออกร้านการกุศล? ระดมเงินทุน?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hoạt Động Từ Thiện? Tập Trung Tiền Vốn?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wohltätigkeitsverkauf? Finanzmittelbeschaffung?
|de_tl   = Charity Sale? Financial Resource Procurement?
|id      = Kegiatan Amal? Menggalang Dana?
|id_tl   = Charity Event? Fundraising?
|pt      = Evento Beneficente? Arrecadação de Fundos?
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[es:Recaudación de fondos para un evento benéfico]]
[[id:Kegiatan Amal? Menggalang Dana?]]
[[pt-br:Evento Beneficente? Arrecadação de Fundos?]]
[[ru:Благотворительная ярмарка? Сбор средств?]]