{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Chasca
|id             = 368190
|image          = Chasca Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1600
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Chasca''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} The sound of the wind...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Feathers...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Mediating conflict...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Firearms maintenance...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} View from up high...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} A hideout...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Elevated areas...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chasca mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' So this is your hideout, huh? Nice place.
:{{A|vo chasca mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' It would be even better if there were some elevated areas for defensive purposes... But, I'm guessing you don't have to worry about break-ins.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Well... It'll certainly take some getting used to.
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' This place is so peaceful, it's almost uncanny. No howling wind, ferocious beasts, crashing waves, bustling crowds... None of that.
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' And that constant sense of restlessness inside me... It finally feels calm. It's so... strange.
::{{DIcon}} Fancy a spar?
:::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship1 04a.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' No thanks. I don't want to disturb the peace. It's not an easy feeling to come by.
::{{DIcon}} Strange in a bad way?
:::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' No, not at all. It's a nice change of pace.
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' There's already more than enough conflict and discord in the world. This is a nice escape.
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Thank you for bringing me here.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Sure! There was something I wanted to ask you, actually.
::{{DIcon}} Oh, really? What is it?
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' That's Tubby over there, right? Do you know how she stays aloft like that?
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' She looks so... well, for lack of a better word, tubby... Yet she somehow manages to keep floating there, without any kind of power source, as far as I can tell...
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' If I can figure out how she pulls that off, maybe I can carry even more firepower into the sky.
::{{DIcon}} I'm guessing it's some kind of adeptal art from Liyue...
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' "Adeptal art"? I've heard of those before, but it sounded so... incredible. It's a shame the adepti are said to be so elusive, at least if the stories are anything to go by.
::{{DIcon}} Why don't you ask Tubby herself?
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Well, I already tried asking her about it.
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' ...But she seemed a bit on edge. She said my expression looked like an eagle stalking its prey...
::{{DIcon}} Or a Qucusaur, more like...
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' You think so? Hmm... Qucusaurs are similar to birds of prey in many ways.
::{{DIcon}} Such as the look in their eyes?
:::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 09a 1.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Yeah, actually. Qucusaurs have prominent brow ridges and forward-facing eyes, just like many birds of prey. This helps them protect their eyes during high-speed maneuvers and allows them to lock onto targets from high altitudes.
:::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 09a 2.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' At first glance, they do look pretty scary.
:::{{DIcon}} No wonder Tubby was scared...
::{{DIcon}} Such as their diets?
:::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 09b 1.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Yeah. Qucusaurs are carnivores too, much like birds of prey. Their hooked beaks and razor-sharp talons aid them in hunting.
:::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 09b 2.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' In addition to all the usual small and medium-sized mammals and fish, they occasionally attack smaller birds too...
:::{{DIcon}} No wonder Tubby was scared...
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' *ahem* Well, I'd never treat Tubby as prey... Plus, I'm not actually a Qucusaur.
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' I should find an opportunity to clear up this misunderstanding. Although, since I'm one of the parties involved, I probably can't be the peacemaker this time...
::{{DIcon}} Why don't you offer her some feather-care products?
:::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 12a 1.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Hmm... That's a good idea. Qucusaurs spend a lot of time taking care of their feathers every day.
:::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 12a 2.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' I've developed a few feather-care sprays myself, actually. They keep feathers bright, repel insects, and eliminate odors... Maybe Tubby would find them helpful.
::{{DIcon}} How about some shiny accessories?
:::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 12b 1.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Oh, you really seem to know your stuff. My "mom" and I love collecting little ornaments like that. I wonder if Tubby likes shiny things too.
:::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship2 12b 2.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Hmm... judging by the look of the Realm Currency, I'm guessing the answer is yes.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' I'd like to scout out the terrain from high up in the air to see if there are any weak spots in our defenses.
::{{DIcon}} This place is pretty safe, you know...
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' I was only kidding. I just wanted to get a better look at what you've created.
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' I'm used to flying so fast that I have to focus all my energy on distant targets or enemies on the ground. I rarely get a chance to stop and admire the scenery itself.
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' But I guess I'll get that chance here.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like an interesting trip.
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Well, "it's about the journey, not the destination"... Isn't that what people say?
::{{DIcon}} So, the scenery on this journey...
::{{DIcon}} Is there anything different about it?
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Well, it goes without saying that you wouldn't normally see things from such a high angle.
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Buildings that you're used to seeing up close suddenly look like tiny little boxes, and mountain peaks that you normally see from far below seem an arm's length away...
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' ...Gazing down from up high is an incredible feeling, almost like the vastness of the world has been compressed into the space of a single painting.
::{{DIcon}} Want me to draw you something to gaze down upon?
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Oh, you mean like... a massive mural that can only be seen from the sky? Ha, that actually sounds pretty fun.
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' There are plenty of cliffside murals near the Flower-Feather Clan, but not many flat, open areas large enough for a giant work of land art.
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' What are you planning to draw? Any ideas?
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Actually... How about I lend you a hand? It'll go a lot quicker with someone who can fly up and check the progress, don't you think?
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Chasca.
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Morning. Any plans for today?
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Chasca.
::{{A|vo chasca mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Good night. Get some rest, okay? You need to be ready for whatever tomorrow brings.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Carefully Considered Words===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt chasca speakerschamber 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Huh... is that a conference table? It's such a reassuring presence. Once both sides of an argument are willing to sit down and talk, there's a good chance things will finally move forward.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt chasca speakerschamber 02.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' It can take a lot of work just to get to that stage. Some people are so stubborn, you pretty much have to drag them kicking and screaming to the negotiation table.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt chasca speakerschamber 03.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' So although this is where people formally reach an agreement, most of the groundwork is usually laid away from the table.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Flower-Feather Clan's Conquest===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt chasca flowerfeather 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Ah, this looks like the [[Flower-Feather Clan]]... I remember when I first arrived, I didn't think much of it at all.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt chasca flowerfeather 02.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' My daily routine was pretty much break a few hot air balloons or tear down a stage, then run away before I got caught...
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt chasca flowerfeather 03.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' But somehow... I guess somewhere along the line, I've grown pretty fond of sights like this.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Chasca/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Chasca/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:チャスカ/仲間]]
[[ru:Часка/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Chasca/Konaklama]]