{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20101
|image         = Archon Quest C0A2 Chasing Shadows.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = II
|act           = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|part          = 9
|description   = The person [[Diluc]] called in turned out to be [[Jean]] from the [[Knights of Favonius]]. After some discussions, it is discovered that it was the Fatui who stole the [[Holy Lyre der Himmel]]. You must retrieve it to rescue [[Dvalin]].
|startLocation = [[Windwail Highland]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Behind the Scenes
|next          = State of the Holy Lyre der Himmel
|exp           = 175
|mora          = 4,225
|other         = {{Card|Character EXP|2,200}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|4}}{{Card|Holy Lyre der Himmel|1}}
|characters    = Diluc;Fatui Guard;Greedy Guard;Paimon;Timid Guard;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|2|part=9}}
==Steps==
# Enter the Fatui hideout
#* [[Retrieve the Holy Lyre der Himmel]]
#* Diluc will join you as a trial character
# Interrogate the guard
# Scour the Fatui hideout to find the key
#* There are 4 rooms in total you have to look inside of. If you want to minimize the amount of fighting, talk '''first''' to the two guards by selecting the options:
#** Greedy Guard: "We are goodwill ambassadors from the Snezhno-Mondstadtian Association"; (second one is indifferent); "How does 500,000 Mora sound?" (Note that the Guard will not actually take 500k Mora from the player's [[Inventory]].)
#** Timid Guard: "Give up. No one's going to rescue you"; (second one is indifferent); "Oh, I already dealt with him already"
# Open the door using the key you have found
#* Interact with the mechanism in the middle room to use the [[Hidden Key]] you obtained
# Enter the area where the lyre is stored
# Defeat the Agent and retrieve the Holy Lyre der Himmel
# Talk to Paimon

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}
;(On the way to the Fatui hideout)
:{{A|vo mdaq053 1 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Jean just said the Fatui are trying to take Dvalin's power for the Cryo God...
:{{A|vo mdaq053 1 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I fear this might fall short of their true intentions.
:{{A|vo mdaq053 1 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I think they intend to use Barbatos' connection to the wind to draw him out.
:{{A|vo mdaq053 1 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Just like Lisa traced the source of the storm to the temples.
:{{A|vo mdaq053 1 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The God of Anemo? ...Hasn't been seen for more than a thousand years. What makes you think that's their intention?
:{{A|vo mdaq053 1 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh... ah...
:{{A|vo mdaq053 1 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...
:{{A|vo mdaq053 1 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Forget it. I don't like having to pry. (Traveler), here. Take this.
:{{A|vo mdaq053 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it?
:{{A|vo mdaq053 1 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' A disguise, to protect your identity. Put it on before you run into the Fatui.
:{{A|vo mdaq053 1 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Unfortunately, they are still one of Mondstadt's allies. At least that's the facade we're maintaining...
:{{A|vo mdaq053 1 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Our actions are going to get them stirred up. Better to not implicate yourself on a personal level.

----

;(Talk to the Fatui Guard inside the domain)
:{{A|vo mdaq053 2 fatuusguard 01.ogg}} '''Fatui Guard:''' No, NO! Don't eat me! Ah? You're... You're human?
:{{A|vo mdaq053 2 fatuusguard 02.ogg}} '''Fatui Guard:''' The entire floor's defenses... have been broken. I thought it was the Abyss Order attacking...
:{{DIcon}} We have come for the Holy Lyre der Himmel.
::{{A|vo mdaq053 2 fatuusguard 03a.ogg}} '''Fatui Guard:''' H&mdash;How did you guys know the lyre's here?
:{{DIcon}} We have come for your life.
::{{A|vo mdaq053 2 fatuusguard 03b 1.ogg}} '''Fatui Guard:''' Ahh, Ah, Ah!
::{{A|vo mdaq053 2 fatuusguard 03b 2.ogg}} '''Fatui Guard:''' No, don't! I have valuable information! I'll tell you!
::{{A|vo mdaq053 2 fatuusguard 03b 3.ogg}} '''Fatui Guard:''' We hid the Holy Lyre in the depths of these ruins.
:{{A|vo mdaq053 2 fatuusguard 04.ogg}} '''Fatui Guard:''' The place it's being kept is locked up tight. If you're after the key, keep going further into the ruins, but d&mdash;don't come after me!
:{{A|vo mdaq053 2 fatuusguard 05.ogg}} '''Fatui Guard:''' I don't know which one of the guards has it, but I'm sure you can find the guards and find out for yourselves.
:{{A|vo mdaq053 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This guy looks like he's about to wet himself...
:{{A|vo mdaq053 2 fatuusguard 06.ogg}} '''Fatui Guard:''' Y&mdash;You just worry about yourselves!
:{{A|vo mdaq053 2 fatuusguard 07.ogg}} '''Fatui Guard:''' One of the Harbingers is already in Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo mdaq053 2 fatuusguard 08.ogg}} '''Fatui Guard:''' Signora. When she gets her hands on you she's going to string you up and torture you. When that time comes, don't you dare say a word about me.

;(After interrogating the Fatui Guard)
:{{A|vo mdaq053 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did he say Signora? What a strange name...
:{{A|vo mdaq053 2 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' No. 8 of The Eleven Harbingers. Goes by the name Signora.
:{{A|vo mdaq053 2 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The fact the Fatui can run amok across the seven nations like they do is entirely because of The Eleven Harbingers.
:{{A|vo mdaq053 2 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' We need to act quickly before she gets wind of what's going on.
:;(You proceed to look for the key to open the door)

----

;(Talk to Greedy Guard)
:{{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardproud 01.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' W-Who are you? How'd you get in here!?
:{{DIcon}} We are goodwill ambassadors from the Snezhno-Mondstadtian Association.
::{{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardproud 02b.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Never heard of that association before...
::{{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardproud 03.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' What are you lot doing here?
::{{DIcon}} We wish to borrow the Holy Lyre der Himmel.
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardproud 04a.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' That lie's way too obvious. You really haven't got anything better?
::{{DIcon}} We are here to do goodwill... stuff.
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardproud 04b 1.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Oh? Keep talking...
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardproud 04b 2.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Hmm, you're here for the Lyre, aren't you?
::{{DIcon}} We are investigating you for alleged corruption.
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardproud 04c 1.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' What? How did you little brats creep in here? You take me for a fool?
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardproud 04c 2.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Hmm, you're here for the Lyre, aren't you?
::{{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardproud 05.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' And just how do you plan to "borrow" it?
::{{DIcon}} How does 500,000 Mora sound?<!--(NOTE: This changes if you have 500k Mora on you: he'll take it and not fight you)-->
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardproud 06.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Wow...
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardproud 06.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Wow...
::;(If have 500k Mora)
::::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardproud 07.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Okay...
::::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardproud 08.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Okay. Sounds like a plan.
::::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardproud 09a 1.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Alright. You're free to go.
:::;(If it's not the last room you have to clear)
:::::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardproud 09a 2.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' But I don't have the key unfortunately. You'll have to ask the next guard you come across.
::::;(Talk again)
:::::{{A|vo dialog mdaq053 guardproud 02.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' What're you still doing here? Don't get me into trouble.
:::;(If it's the last room you have to clear)
:::::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardproud 09b.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' I have the key here. You can head in from the hall outside, but don't tell anyone that it was me who gave you the key.
::::;(Talk again)
:::::{{A|vo dialog mdaq053 guardproud 01.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Don't even try to say you don't owe me...
::;(Else)
::::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardproud 06.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Hmm...
::::{{A|vo mdaq053 3b guardproud 07.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Hehe...
::::{{A|vo mdaq053 3b guardproud 08.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Think you can look down your nose at me, huh?
::::{{A|vo mdaq053 3b guardproud 09.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' The will of Snezhnaya is as solid as the permafrost! I will not yield!
::;(Fight the Fatui Electro Cicin Mage)
::{{DIcon}} We'll recommend you to the Association.
::{{DIcon}} Have an apple!
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardproud 06.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Wow...
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardproud 06.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Wow...
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3b guardproud 07.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Hehe...
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3b guardproud 08.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Think you can look down your nose at me, huh?
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3b guardproud 09.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' The will of Snezhnaya is as solid as the permafrost! I will not yield!
::;(Fight the Fatui Electro Cicin Mage)
:{{DIcon}} There's nothing to discuss. Give up now.
::{{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardproud 02a.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Ha... Like hell!
::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardproud 06.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' Hmm...
::{{A|vo mdaq053 3b guardproud 09.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' The will of Snezhnaya is as solid as the permafrost! I will not yield!
::;(Fight the Fatui Electro Cicin Mage)

;(Talk to Timid Guard)
:{{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardscared 01.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Wh-Who are you? Wh-What are you doing here? Argh!
:{{DIcon}} Give up. No one's coming to rescue you.
::{{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardscared 03.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Did you already beat all the other guards?
::{{DIcon}} I kicked their Snezhnayan butts.
::{{DIcon}} No, but they got called back to Snezhnaya on urgent business.
::{{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardscared 04b.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' What!? I&mdash;I'm not scared of you. An Agent will come to my aid!
::{{DIcon}} Oh, I already dealt with him already.
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardscared 05.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Wow...
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardscared 06.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Ah...
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardscared 07.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Fine. Not like I have a choice anyway.
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardscared 08a 1.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Alright. You're free to go.
::;(If it's not the last room you have to clear)
::::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardscared 08a 2.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' But I don't have the key unfortunately. You'll have to ask the next guard you come across.
:::;(Talk again)
::::{{A|vo dialog mdaq053 guardscared 02.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' G&mdash;Go, quickly! Get out of here! Go find someone else!
::;(If it's the last room you have to clear)
::::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardscared 08b.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' I have the {{Color|buzz|key}} here. You can head in from the hall outside, but don't tell anyone that it was me who gave you the key.
:::;(Talk again)
::::{{A|vo dialog mdaq053 guardscared 01.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Scram! You already got what you wanted!
::{{DIcon}} We both know you're making that up.
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardscared 05.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Ugh...
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardscared 06.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Ah...
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3b guardscared 06.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Hehe...
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3b guardscared 07.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' I've had enough!
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3b guardscared 08.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' I am a proud citizen of Snezhnaya! I will not falter!
::;(An enemy Wooden Shield Mitachurl is released and starts attacking)
::{{DIcon}} He's getting drunk at the Cat's Tail.
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardscared 05.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Ugh...
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardscared 06.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Ah...
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3b guardscared 06.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Hehe...
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3b guardscared 07.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' I've had enough!
:::{{A|vo mdaq053 3b guardscared 08.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' I am a proud citizen of Snezhnaya! I will not falter!
::;(An enemy Wooden Shield Mitachurl is released and starts attacking)
:{{DIcon}} Enough talk. Stick 'em up!
::{{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardscared 02a.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Ahh!? You're just going to attack me!?
::{{A|vo mdaq053 3a guardscared 06.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' Ah...
::{{A|vo mdaq053 3b guardscared 08.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' I am a proud citizen of Snezhnaya! I will not falter!
::;(An enemy Wooden Shield Mitachurl is released and starts attacking)

;(After convincing a Guard or defeating the enemy they spawn)
:{{A|vo mdaq053 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He says the key isn't here. Shall we try {{Color|buzzword|another room}}?

;(After clearing a room)
:{{A|vo mdaq053 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like we've turned this room inside out... but no key. Time to move on to {{Color|buzzword|another room}}!

;(After looking through three different places)
:{{A|vo mdaq053 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's {{Color|buzzword|one room left}} that we haven't tried. Surely the key must be in there?

----

;(Enter the area where the lyre is stored)
:{{A|vo mdaq054 3 agent 01.ogg}} '''Agent:''' Where did you rats scurry out from...
:{{A|vo mdaq054 3 agent 02.ogg}} '''Agent:''' Signora is not going to tolerate this kind of interference in our affairs.
:{{A|vo mdaq054 3 agent 03.ogg}} '''Agent:''' So I'll be the one to take care of you &mdash; save her the trouble of having to deal with you herself.

;(Defeating the Agent and retrieving the lyre)
:{{A|vo mdaq054 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Finally, the lyre is back in safe hands!
:{{A|vo mdaq054 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where did that guy go, though? He was here a second ago...
:{{A|vo mdaq054 5 agent 01.ogg}} '''Agent:''' Signora is going to end you. The songs bards sing of your demise will be so terrifying &mdash; the people of Mondstadt will never sleep again for the nightmares they give them.
:{{A|vo mdaq054 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Big talk for a guy who still ran off in the end... Chicken.
{{dialogue end}}
<!--
===To be checked===
does not seem to be used
* {{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardscared 02b.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' No, I can't.
* {{A|Vo dialog mdaq053 guardproud 03.ogg}} '''Greedy Guard:''' This is such hard work...
* {{A|vo dialog mdaq053 guardscared 03.ogg}} '''Timid Guard:''' W—What was that sound?
-->

==Trivia==
* The Fatui guard that the Traveler and Diluc first encounter in the domain wields a sword. This sword appears to be exactly the same as the one [[Ellin]] uses.
* Differences between voice lines and their official transcription:
** The Timid Guard refers to an [[Fatui Pyro Agent|Agent]] as a "Debt Collector" instead.
*** Transcription: What!? I&mdash;I'm not scared of you. An Agent will come to my aid!
*** Audio: {{A|vo mdaq053 3 guardscared 04b.ogg}} What!? I&mdash;I'm not scared of you. A Debt Collector will come to my aid!
* Inside the domain, Diluc and the Traveler will be wearing black masks. These masks will occasionally appear again in World Quests, Story Quests, and events (e.g. [[Clean House]], [[Aphros Delos Chapter|Eula's Story Quest]], the [[Lantern Rite]]).

==Video Guides==
{{#evt:
service=youtube
|id=https://youtu.be/bPFSTGgpgUY
|description=Retrieve the Holy Lyre der Himmel Domain Guide (4 Chests)
|alignment=inline
|valignment=top
|dimensions=250
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Chasing Shadows
|zhs     = 追逐暗影
|zhs_rm  = Zhuīzhú Ànyǐng
|zht     = 追逐暗影
|zht_rm  = Zhuīzhú Ànyǐng
|zh_tl   = Chasing Dark Shadows
|ja      = 暗影を追いかける
|ja_rm   = An'ei wo Oikakeru
|ja_tl   = Chasing Shadows
|ko      = 암영 쫓기
|ko_rm   = Amyeong Jjotkki
|ko_tl   = Chasing Dark Shadows
|es      = Persiguiendo sombras
|es_tl   = Chasing Shadows
|fr      = À la poursuite de l'ombre
|fr_tl   = In Pursuit of the Shadow
|ru      = Погоня за тенью
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ไล่จับกับเงา
|th_rm   = Lai chap kap ngao
|th_tl   = Chasing Shadows
|vi      = Đuổi Theo Bóng Người
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Den Schatten hinterher
|de_tl   = After the Shadow
|id      = Mengejar Bayangan
|id_tl   = Chasing Shadows
|pt      = Perseguindo Sombras
|pt_tl   = Chasing Shadows
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}
[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[pt-br:Perseguindo Sombras]]