{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01028
|image         = Archon Quest Chasmic Maze.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Interlude Chapter
|actNum        = II
|act           = Perilous Trail
|part          = 2
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Arataki Itto; Kuki Shinobu; Paimon; Traveler; Ushi; Yanfei; Yelan
|startLocation = [[The Chasm's Bed]], [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|prev          = The Unexpected Guest
|next          = Danger All Around
|exp           = 700
|mora          = 31,125
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|I|2|2}}

==Steps==
# Enter [[Chamber of Twisted Cranes|the Domain]]
# Ascertain if the Domain leads outside
# Leave the Domain
# Talk to everyone (0/3)

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The ground at the bottom of The Chasm suddenly collapsed, causing everyone to fall in. As it turns out, there is an unknown space further below, and everyone works together to investigate...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Enter the domain)

;(After rotating the first mechanism)
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Labyrinths like this are unique to Liyue.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' This place is actually pretty cool. If we weren't in such a hurry to get out, we could kick back and enjoy the scenery a little.

;(After rotating the second mechanism)
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All these twists and turns remind Paimon of the [[adepti]] domains we've been to before. Could there be an adeptus here?

;(On defeating the last set of enemies)
:{{A|vo cyaq002 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, look over there. It looks like an exit!
----
;(Upon leaving the domain)
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Wh&mdash; Huh? Wait, this ain't right!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, how did we end up back here!?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So we've been here already?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Yes, this is exactly where we started.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But we couldn't have taken a wrong turn, we were headed in the same direction the entire time. We never turned around...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Yes, that's what I thought, too.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Traveler, we were going the right way, weren't we?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I thought we were headed in the right direction.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How strange...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' There's a legend in Inazuma about a merchant who was tricked by a [[bake-danuki]] one evening and kept circling around the same place the whole night. Even by dawn, they still hadn't found a way out...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon":''' Yeah, Paimon's heard that one before too.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So we're all familiar with the story then? Good, because I'm pretty sure that's what's happening to us right now.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But fear not, I happen to have a certain sidekick who can exorcise youkai and spirits and whatnot. Let me summon him real quick.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Unbelievable. An [[oni]] who's friends with an exorcist... What an open-minded guy.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' For the boss, ignorance is a virtue.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You're up, [[Ushi]], go get that spirit!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 ushio 01.ogg}} '''Ushi:''' Moo!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' This is Ushi, an auxiliary member of the Arataki Gang.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 ushio 02.ogg}} '''Ushi:''' Moo, moo.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Haha, oh, Ushi says hello everyone. You can just call him "Ushi" or "Beefcake." Yeah, he's got a keen sense of direction, so I'll let him lead the way.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I didn't know gangs could have auxiliary members...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' This does not have the trappings of something that's gonna work.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You're telling me.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Alright, go Ushi! Go find us a way outta here!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 ushio 03.ogg}} '''Ushi:''' Moo!

:'''Ushi begins looking around for {{sic|a hidden exits}}...'''

:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 ushio 04.ogg}} '''Ushi:''' Moo... Moo, moo... Moo!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh? What's that... Really!? Aw, no way!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ushi says he's searched everywhere but there's no exit.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That doesn't add up, if we were able to come in, then there must be a way to get out. Here, lemme take another look.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Has anyone else noticed this? We initially thought we fell here from above. At that time, there was a way out high overhead... But now, it seems even that exit has disappeared.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Inexplicable, if you ask me...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It seems there's more than meets the eye with these underground structures.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' ...I'm gonna take another look around.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Everywhere we look there are just more and more rocks. Uh, maybe we've just misremembered, maybe this isn't the place we started from!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What, you scared now?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' N&mdash;No, Paimon's super brave...!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 ushio 05.ogg}} '''Ushi:''' Moo...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh yeah? Well Ushi also thinks you're scared. It's okay, don't be scared to admit you're uh... scared. You've got us here to protect you.
:{{DIcon}} I'm here for you too, Paimon.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' We can't just sit here twiddling our thumbs, let's keep looking for a way out. Shinobu, you stay here with my precious savior, I'll take (Traveler) and Paimon with me.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Got it. Be careful, everyone.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yanfei 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Please, there's no need to keep calling me "savior," just Yanfei is fine. Mr. Arataki, it seems that as the head of the Arataki Gang, you possess a strong sense of leadership.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 18.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Too kind, too kind. And just call me Itto. Since we're a team now, we should have each other's backs. Paimon, if you feel scared again, I can cover your eyes for you.

:'''You split into teams to investigate the surroundings, but fail to find anything...'''

:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 19.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' ...*sigh*
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems there's really no way out...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 ushio 06.ogg}} '''Ushi:''' Moo!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 20.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I can't shake the feeling that there's something off about this place.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Boss, did you guys find anything over there?
:{{DIcon}} No, nothing.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 21.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Not only that, I coulda sworn I saw some shadows moving a second ago... This place better not be haunted.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Probably not the right time to ask this, but Paimon just can't help it. Itto, you're an oni... Doesn't that kinda mean everywhere you go is haunted?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 22.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' No! ...Ignore the red horns, okay? I'm talking about spooky, floaty ghosts, now-you-see-'em, now-you-don't kinda haunted.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Itto? Are you... afraid of ghosts?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Oh no, Boss. You've been found out.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 itto 23.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What, me? Hah, no way! You kidding? Stop joking around... seriously though.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, looking at you, Paimon suddenly doesn't feel scared anymore... Hey, Bull-Chucker, if you're scared, Paimon can cover your eyes for you.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Maybe I should make better use of my time.
:'''(Traveler):''' (Hmm? Shinobu walked off to grab a few stones, then she took out some twigs and [[Lavender Melon]]s from her pocket... What?)
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Add a little salt... and some pepper.
:{{DIcon}} Are you roasting Lavender Melons?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Yeah. Roasted Lavender Melon is delicious. You can try some when it's done.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 11.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Oh right, there are two types: sweet and savory. Which would you prefer?
:{{DIcon}} I'm happy with either.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 12.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Alright, you can try them both then. It's important that we remain calm, especially when we are in the throes of a tough situation like this.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 13.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' If I'm reading the situation correctly, there seems to be some secret here that the boss and I are not supposed to know about. But don't worry, I'll distract the boss while you discuss things with the others.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yanfei 05.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Ooh, I thought I smelled something cooking.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 14.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Would you like some, Yanfei?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yanfei 06.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Thank you, but I'm not hungry. You guys go ahead.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yanfei 07.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Oh, and by the way, I haven't seen you in a while, Shinobu.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 15.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Yeah, it has been a while, hasn't it? The last time I saw you was when you taught one of my classes as a substitute while I was studying in Liyue.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yanfei 08.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Substitute teacher... Ah yes, now I remember. It was during winter, wasn't it?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 16.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Yes, I remember everyone said your lecture was very interesting. Now that I think about it, I should call you "{{w|Senpai and kōhai|Senpai}}."
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yanfei 09.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Ooh, I like the sound of that! Hehe!
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yanfei 10.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Who would've ever guessed that we'd get caught up in such a dilemma together. It must be fate.
:{{DIcon}} So Yanfei gives lectures too? That's incredible.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 17.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Not only that, she's funny and engaging while she speaks. Needless to say, she is very popular among the students.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yanfei 11.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Haha! Aww, I'm flattered.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I see everyone is still here.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yanfei 12.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Yelan, we split into groups and searched the area, but there are no signs of any way out. How about you? Did you manage to find anything?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' No.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' And... though I'd prefer not to say it, we'd better mentally prepare ourselves.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yelan 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' If we can't find a way out, we may be stuck underground for some time.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yanfei 13.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' ...I think you might be right.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 shinobu 18.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...I understand.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hmm, an underground space with an entrance but no exit... it just doesn't make any sense. I'll figure something out, just give me some time.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 yelan 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' If anyone happens to find a potential exit, please be sure to take every precaution before exploring further.
:'''(Traveler):''' (Come to think of it, Xiao is here, too. He said we can always call his name if we get into trouble.)
:'''(Traveler):''' (Maybe it's worth a try...)
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Traveler? What's with the serious face? Do you have a plan?
:{{DIcon}} Well, I was just thinking that Xiao is also here, remember?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xiao... oh, right! Do you want to get him to help us?
:{{DIcon}} I think it's worth a try.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure, let's give it a shot!
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{color|menu|You try reciting Xiao's name in your heart}}
:{{DIcon}} Xiao, can you hear me?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} ...
::{{DIcon}} Uh, Xiao?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, no response... Paimon thought Xiao would come no matter where we are.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 2 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, does that mean even Xiao can't sense our presence here?
:'''(Traveler):''' (...)
:'''(Traveler):''' (Wonder what that could mean... What's the deal with this place?)
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The ground at the bottom of The Chasm suddenly collapsed, causing everyone to fall in. As it turns out, there is an unknown space further below, and everyone works together to investigate, but the clues that you find are themselves rather suspicious...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Yanfei)
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Who could've ever guessed we'd get trapped in a place like this. It's quite the predicament...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' For all the studying I've done in my life, all I know is how to land people in prison... I don't know the first thing about breaking out of one...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I've even made a contract with my father to "live a happy life"... I can't give up hope now.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 yanfei 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Try and stay positive... At least I've explored a new place and seen more of the world while reuniting with some old friends.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 yanfei 05.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Uh-huh... Yeah, there's still a silver lining. I guess...

;(Talk to Yelan)
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Our situation is grim. There doesn't appear to be a way out for now. We should be prepared to stay for a while.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Fortunately, we don't seem to lack supplies, and even our motley crew has people who can keep their cool when the stakes are high.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Just focus on taking care of yourselves, I'll figure out the rest.

;(Talk to Arataki Itto)<!--cannot interact with Shinobu-->
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's it, I wanna take another look. And this time, I, Arataki "The One and Oni," will...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Boss.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Whoa! What's up, sourpuss?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Time for some Roasted Lavender Melon.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh? We're trapped in a life and death situation underground, and you're telling me it's time for Roasted Lavender Melon?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 ushio 01.ogg}} '''Ushi:''' Moo, moo.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Interesting, you hear that, Ushi says you're completely right... Wait, hold on, whose side are you on, Beefcake?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 ushio 02.ogg}} '''Ushi:''' Moo...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It's important to stay replenished. We must keep our energy and morale up in preparation for facing the unknown.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Even Ushi knows that.
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Fine, you two... Hey are you already eating?
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hold on, is it still warm? Oh, that does smell good... Mmm...
:{{A|vo cyaq002 3 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Fine, yeah, we'll have a quick snack and then we'll keep looking for a way out. Hey, don't eat them all, leave a couple for me!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/HC88Q6sx37E
|caption1 = Chamber of Twisted Cranes Domain Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Chasmic Maze
|zhs     = 岩下迷境
|zhs_rm  = Yán Xià Míjìng
|zht     = 岩下迷境
|zht_rm  = Yán Xià Míjìng
|zh_tl   = Mysterious Realm Under the Rocks
|ja      = 岩下の迷境
|ja_rm   = Ganka no Meikyou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Illusory Boundary Under the Rocks
|ko      = 거연 아래의 미궁
|ko_rm   = Geoyeon Arae-ui Migung
|ko_tl   = Maze Under the Chasm
|es      = Laberinto bajo las rocas
|es_tl   = labyrinth Below the Rocks
|fr      = Labyrinthe souterrain
|fr_tl   = Underground Labyrinth
|ru      = Подземный лабиринт
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ดันเจี้ยนใต้ศิลา
|th_rm   = Dungeon Tai Sila
|th_tl   = Dungeon Underneath the Rock
|vi      = {{tt|Nham Hạ Mê Cảnh|岩下迷境}}
|vi_tl   = Mysterious Realm Under the Rocks{{Sino|vi}}
|de      = Labyrinth der Abgründe
|de_tl   = Labyrinth of Chasms
|id      = Labirin Bebatuan
|id_tl   = Stony Labyrinth
|pt      = Labirinto Rochoso
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Interlude Chapter}}