{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Gallery
}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Chat Predefined Message List.png
|type         = Game Systems
}}
'''Chat''' is a [[Game System]] that allows players to communicate with one another using text and certain emojis. To chat with another player, they must first be added as a [[Friend]].

==Chat Features==
To initiate a chat, the player can either press {{DIcon}} next to the person in the Friends List or press the ''Add Chat Participant'' button in the chat menu accessible from the overworld screen (default: Enter).

===Deleting Chats===
Chats can be hidden by pressing the icon in the top right of the Chat Menu and pressing ''Delete''. Deleted chats are only hidden from the list of chats. Starting a new chat with a friend will reopen the old chat.

===Predefined Messages===
A set of predefined messages to send are provided in the chat menu.
*Hello!
*Help!
*Thanks!
*What a performance!
*Invite me again!
*Let me switch characters!
*Let's start the challenge!
*Come over here!

===Emojis===
{{Main|Chat/Gallery}}
Emojis can be sent in chat. The Chat Menu must be open to see emote. When it is closed, only a short form of the emoji is displayed.

Up to 16 Emojis can be saved to the player's Emoji Collection for quick use.

==Co-Op Mode==
{{Main|Co-Op Mode}}
In Co-Op Mode, a chat for the team is automatically created.

==Events==
In some events, there are different chats created.
* [[Windtrace]]: Different chats for Rebels, Hunters, and Team. For example, there is a "Secret Chat" for the Rebels.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Game Systems Navbox|Other}}

[[ru:Чат]]