{{Chapter Infobox
|image          = Chenyu's Blessings of Sunken Jade Chapter.png
|type           = World
|major          = yes
|region         = Liyue
}}
'''Chenyu's Blessings of Sunken Jade''' is a [[World Quest]] Series in [[Chenyu Vale]], [[Liyue]].

Requirement: Enter Chenyu Vale, Liyue.

==List of Quests==
# [[Qiaoying of the Sacred Mountain]]
# [[Floating Jade, Treasure of Chenyu]]
# [[An Ancient Sacrifice of Sacred Brocade]]

==Summary==
;Qiaoying of the Sacred Mountain

Arriving at Chenyu Vale, the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] are suddenly sucked into an adepti realm where they encounter a mysterious lady named [[Fujin]]. Fujin explains to them that the water and soil of Chenyu Vale are on the decline, which would put [[Qiaoying Village]] in danger. She also gives them some of her power so they could traverse the land, but as they leave, she suddenly mentions about a golden carp.

The two head to the village, where they meet with [[Grandpa Lu]]. Lu believes that the two are from the [[Feiyun Commerce Guild]], only to learn that they aren't. He explains to them that tea quality has been on the decline, believing that the soil and water are to blame for the current problem. He gives a brief history on the land's past and how Fujin played a role in making the land inhabitable. He then requests them to meet with [[Uncle Luo]] while feigning that they're part of the Commerce Guild.

Heading to one of the village workshops, they encounter Uncle Luo scolding a worker, [[Jin]]. Jin insists that he is operating the machine properly, as no one would dare to offend Uncle Luo when he was observing them. Uncle Luo is pleased to see Feiyun representatives come to his village and has Jin quickly whip up a batch of teacakes, one from an older batch and one with a newer batch. After tasting the teacakes, the find the cake made with the old batch is pleasant, while the new batch tastes off. Luo is insistent that the machine is having issues, but Lu believes that the soil and water are to blame. Nonetheless, Luo decides to fetch the Fontanian technician, who is at [[Yilong Wharf]]. Before they leave, Lu asks the Traveler to convey a message to the technician.

As they leave the village, they come upon a golden carp and follow it. The carp is revealed to be Fujin, who was guiding them through her alternate form. Fujin reveals that Lu is correct with the tea problem, believing that if the problem continues to linger, the village would eventually be abandoned and Chenyu Vale would return to how it was millennia ago; barren and desolate. Thus, they must perform the Rainjade Rite to repel the [[miasma]] settled across the vale, though she does not tell them how to do it until they reach it before leaving. The two continue to walk towards the wharf, unaware that a [[Lingyuan|beast]] was watching them.

The Traveler and Paimon finally reach the wharf and discover the technician, [[Hautemontagne]], along with [[Little Mao]]. Hautemontagne heads to the village, while Little Mao offers to assist the Traveler with the Rainjade Rite.

;Floating Jade, Treasure of Chenyu

Little Mao leads the Traveler and Paimon to a waterfall, where they discover a mural. Mao explains that in the past, there was a great war between two factions, with so much bloodshed that even the [[Bishui River]] turned crimson red. She then takes them to the wharf's watchtower, where she points out the massive jade ring in the distance, known as the [[Jademouth]], which was presumably thrown by an adeptus. They then flag down a boatman, [[Bosu]], and during the ride, he explains about the history of the Jademouth. Mao calls him out on his claim and states that in the past, a bad god tried to redirect the river to drown the Millelith, but a giant white snake and carp disobeyed her orders and the carp threw the jades into the river, pinning it down and preventing it from flooding. After arriving at the destination, they drive out some Treasure Hoarders and investigate the shrine, solving various puzzles.

;An Ancient Sacrifice of Sacred Brocade

As they continue exploring the cavern, the Traveler and Little Mao run into "Bluey", an unusual Solitary Suanni. Bluey learns of the reason of their visit and claims that the new tea leaves were better before inexplicably disappearing.

In order to perform the Rainjade Rite, Fujin needs to have her power restored, which took on the form of Golden Carps around the vale. The Traveler finds all the carps and brings them to Fujin, allowing her to perform the rite. However, they discover that Bluey, or its true name Lingyuan, was responsible for disrupting the soil and water. Lingyuan insists that she would have the situation under control and warns Fujin to stay away before leaving. Fujin is shocked to see that her former friend would try to disrupt the balance, as her disruption of the spirit veins allowed the miasma to propagate, and if she had full control of the mountain, could reshape the vale to her desire. After defeating Lingyuan, she reveals that as a beast, she remembered everything, while humans forgot. Thus, when Fujin planted tea trees in the area, she recalled their taste, which could not be found in the present day. After Fujin and the white snake had left, Lingyuan wanted to restore the vale to its original condition, seeing the current state of the land as "subdued" by humanity. 

Satisfied with the answers and questions given, Lingyuan allows Fujin to restore the vale, though the process causes Fujin to revert to her adepti state as a carp. As she leaves to recover, Lingyuan wonders how the Traveler was able to bring her back, but nonetheless thanks them for their efforts. The Traveler then asks about her views on humanity; she is unable to give an answer, but promises to do so at their next meeting.

Returning to Qiaoying Village, Luo and Lu are pleased to see the situation is resolved and they would have a fresh batch of tea ready for the upcoming [[Lantern Rite]]. Lu thanks the Traveler for their assistance, telling them that Qiaoying Village would be glad to help them in the future should they need it.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Chenyu's Blessings of Sunken Jade Chapter|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Chenyu's Blessings of Sunken Jade Chapter Quests}}

==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=Chenyu's Blessings of Sunken Jade|requirements=1}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Chenyu's Blessings of Sunken Jade
|zhs     = 沉玉祝珑
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 沉玉祝瓏
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 沈玉の祝福
|ja_rm   = Chingyoku no Shukufuku
|ja_tl   = {{Lex|Chenyu|ja}} Blessing
|ko      = 침옥의 축복
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El venerable jade de Chenyu
|es_tl   = The Venerable Jade of Chenyu
|fr      = Le vénérable jade de Chenyu
|fr_tl   = The Venerable Jade of Chenyu
|ru      = Нефритовое благословение
|ru_tl   = Jade Blessing
|th      = พร Chenyu แด่หยกพิรุณ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trầm Ngọc Tế Lễ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Chenyu-Segensjade
|de_tl   = Chenyu Blessing Jade
|id      = Berkah Chenyu dari Giok Karam
|id_tl   = Chenyu's Blessings from the Sunken Jade
|pt      = Bênçãos do Jade Afundado de Chenyu
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Chenyu'nun Batık Yeşim Lütfu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Benedizione della giada sommersa di Chenyu
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

[[es:El venerable jade de Chenyu]]