{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Chenee.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Gardes
|title            = Garde

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Chenee''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|The Gardes' Inventor}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Chenee has been secretly testing Frejus, pretending to ask him questions to test his knowledge. When Frejus does not know how to answer, Chenee will give hints. Chenee is also aware of the rigor and academic standards of the Fontaine institute. Chenee is aware of Frejus bluff but continues to entertain him and herself as a thanks for when Frejus got a bullet for her. Frejus is not aware of this.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
She has brown hair and wears the blue uniform of the Gardes.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Event Dialogue==
===Rolling Crossfire===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Chenee:''' What do you think of [[Frejus]]'s remote cannon?
:{{DIcon}} It's pretty good.
:{{DIcon}} It's a rather novel experience, alright.
:'''Chenee:''' Good, that's good.
:{{DIcon}} You don't sound so excited...
:'''Chenee:''' Ah... Sorry. I mean, it's not that I don't like it. It's just that I knew what the device would look like the moment I looked upon the blueprints.
:'''Chenee:''' Frejus is the one doing the hard work, and it does look hard. I see that he looks nervous, even though this is no big deal &mdash; there's no great risk of an accident occurring.
:'''Chenee:''' "Playing the part of a genius" is pretty tiring, don't you think?
:{{DIcon}} What are you getting at?
:'''Chenee:''' That he isn't a real genius. If I had to guess, he's just an ordinary person with a more active mind and ideas than usual.
:'''Chenee:''' It was drunk boasting, you know, that whole "rejecting the [[Fontaine Research Institute]]'s offer three times" business. He's been putting in the work to protect that lie since.
:'''Chenee:''' Ah, right. Please keep this a secret for me. Reckon he doesn't think I've noticed.
:{{DIcon}} And how did you find out?
:'''Chenee:''' Probably because I really have rejected them myself, I guess? I'm somewhat aware of their standards. As for Frejus... He's a decent ways off from making the cut.
:{{DIcon}} So you're playing along with his act, then?
:'''Chenee:''' You could say so. Specifically, I play the role of the ignorant newcomer, asking him all manner of questions.
:'''Chenee:''' And sometimes I will ask him something particularly difficult on purpose and look at him expectantly, at which he will try his best to hide his embarrassment.
:'''Chenee:''' Then, I "accidentally" give him hints, and he will turn about and cough, pretending that he knew all along&mdash;
:'''Chenee:''' This whole process is quite fun, which is why I do not intend to expose him. Seeing him run around being busy is one of my favorite hobbies these days.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like this show will go on, then.
:'''Chenee:''' I imagine it will &mdash; for a long time, in fact.
:'''Chenee:''' As long as I don't tell him, he won't be able to tell. He even thinks that the newcomers' party was the first time we met, but it was a long time before that.
:'''Chenee:''' He's so very inobservant. I'm sure he doesn't remember &mdash; or perhaps he doesn't care &mdash; who he blocked the bullet for that day.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Chenee
|zhs      = 谢妮
|zhs_rm   = Xiènī
|zht      = 謝妮
|zht_rm   = Xiènī
|ja       = シェニー
|ja_rm    = Shenii
|ko       = 체니
|ko_rm    = 
|es       = Chênée
|fr       = Chênée
|ru       = Шене
|th       = Chenee
|vi       = Chenee
|de       = Chênée
|id       = Chenee
|pt       = Chenee
|tr       = Chenee
|it       = Chenee
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Chenee]]