{{Hidden Exploration Objectives Infobox
|image      = HEO Chessboard of Safhe Shatranj.png
|type       = Unordered
|req        = [[Memories of Gurabad]]
|region     = Sumeru
|area       = Desert of Hadramaveth
|subarea    = Safhe Shatranj
|loc        = [[Safhe Shatranj]], [[Sumeru]]
|characters = 
}}
'''Chessboard of Safhe Shatranj''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] in that takes place in [[Safhe Shatranj]], [[Sumeru]]. It requires the completion of the first step in ''[[Memories of Gurabad]]''.

==Steps==
# Find and obtain every [[Activation Device]].
#* {{Item|Activation Device: Border Fort}}
#*: Near the waypoint at [[Aaru Village]]<br />{{Transclude|Activation Device: Border Fort|Location}}
#* {{Item|Activation Device: Deshret's Glass Goblet}}
#*: Next to the waypoint at [[Deshret's Glass Goblet]]<br />{{Transclude|Activation Device: Deshret's Glass Goblet|Location}}
#* {{Item|Activation Device: Khaj-Nisut}}
#*: At the entrance of the main building at [[Khaj-Nisut]]<br />{{Transclude|Activation Device: Khaj-Nisut|Location}}
#* {{Item|Activation Device: King Deshret's Pillar}}
#*: Near [[Opet Hall]] &mdash; teleport to the underground waypoint north of the mausoleum. Then go south and up the stairs towards Opet Hall.<br />{{Transclude|Activation Device: King Deshret's Pillar|Location}}
#* {{Item|Activation Device: Soulferry}}
#*: Near the Soulferry &mdash; teleport to the underground waypoint near [[Khemenu Temple]] and go south down the hallway from the same room as the waypoint.<br />{{Transclude|Activation Device: Soulferry|Location}}
#* {{Item|Activation Device: Temple of Gurabad}}
#*: At the entrance of the Temple of Gurabad at the southern part of Safhe Shatranj.<br />{{Transclude|Activation Device: Temple of Gurabad|Location}}
#* {{Item|Activation Device: The Mausoleum of King Deshret}}
#*: At the above-ground eastern entrance into the mausoleum &mdash; teleport to the eastern above-ground waypoint at the mausoleum the go east, exiting the mausoleum.<br />{{Transclude|Activation Device: The Mausoleum of King Deshret|Location}}
# Activate all seven [[Chess Piece]]s at Safhe Shatranj.

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this Hidden Exploration Objective awards seven [[Remarkable Chest]]s and the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[La Luna Rossa]]''.
** Border Fort &mdash; {{Item|Listening Candelight|blueprint=1}}
** Deshret's Glass Goblet &mdash; {{Item|Athel Triple Drawer Cabinet|blueprint=1}}
** Khaj-Nisut &mdash; {{Item|Nightwatcher's Candlelight|blueprint=1}}
** King Deshret's Pillar &mdash; {{Item|Hued Vase: Sprout|blueprint=1}}
** Soulferry &mdash; {{Item|Hued Vase: Molten Sand|blueprint=1}}
** Temple of Gurabad &mdash;  {{Item|"Realizations from the Land of Wisdom"|blueprint=1}}
** The Mausoleum of King Deshret &mdash; {{Item|Two-Way Iron Lamp|blueprint=1}}
* After a chess piece is activated, it becomes a teleportation device that can teleport the player to the location where the corresponding activation device had stopped moving.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(When approaching a chess piece for the first time after completing Apocalypse Lost)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... From the looks of it, the other chess pieces can also teleport us across with that "woosh" of theirs!
:'''Paimon:''' We seem to be missing something... but what is it?

;(When approaching an activation device)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the place the light beam pointed to! Let's look around and see if we can find anything!

;(After obtaining an activation device)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... This should be it. Maybe we could activate the other chess pieces over there!
{{Dialogue end}}

<!--
==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = 
|caption1 = 
}}
-->
==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Hidden Exploration Objective Navbox|Unordered}}