[[Version 2.8]]
*Added Chests in [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]] for the [[Summertime Odyssey]] event.
----
[[Version 2.6]]
*Added Chests to [[The Chasm]].
*Added Chests to [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]].
----
[[Version 2.5]]
*Added Chests in the [[Three Realms Gateway Offering]] event.
----
[[Version 2.4]]
*Added Chests to [[Enkanomiya]].
*Added two chests in [[Narukami Island]].
----
[[Version 2.3]]
*Fixed bugs in Mondstadt chests that didn't appear after completing the quest [[For a Tomorrow Without Tears]].
----
[[Version 2.2]]
*Added Chests to [[Tsurumi Island]] in [[Inazuma]].
*Added Remarkable Chests to [[Tsurumi Island]].
----
[[Version 2.1]]
*Added Chests to [[Watatsumi Island]] and [[Seirai Island]] in [[Inazuma]].
*[[Characters]] now have voice-overs when they open Chests.
----
[[Version 2.0]]
*Added Chests to [[Narukami Island]], [[Kannazuka]], and [[Yashiori Island]] in [[Inazuma]].
----
[[Version 1.6]]
*Added Chests in [[Golden Apple Archipelago/1.6|Golden Apple Archipelago]] for the [[Midsummer Island Adventure]] event.
----
[[Version 1.5]]
*Fixed bugs where some Chests were inaccessible.
*Added a single Chest in [[Dragonspine]].
----
[[Version 1.4]]
*Fixed bugs where some Chests didn't appear.
----
[[Version 1.3]]
*Added event Chests in [[Lantern Rite]], in the mission [[Beneath Splendent Lanterns]].
----
[[Version 1.2]]
*Added Chests for [[Dragonspine]] and some in the areas around it.
*Added Chests containing [[Crimson Agate]]s.
----
[[Version 1.1]]
*Added Chests near [[Golden House]].
*Added Chests north of [[Qingyun Peak]].
----
[[Version 1.0]]
*Chests were released.
<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>