{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Chevreuse
|id             = 368176
|image          = Chevreuse Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Chevreuse''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Novels...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Need to go on patrol.
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Time to train.
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Musket maintenance...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Justice...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} A real eye-opener.
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Thanks for the invitation... 
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' This teapot is so much bigger on the inside... I can't believe it.
:{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Thank you for inviting me, {{Traveler}}. It's always nice to broaden one's horizons!
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' I find it quite splendid.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' In my line of work, I'm lucky if I get to spend a couple of months out of the whole year in such comfortable surroundings.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like your working conditions must be pretty harsh!
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' I can certainly think of several examples that fit that description. There was the time we had to dive into icy water during the dead of winter to intercept some smuggling ships.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Or, when we carried out a search for several days straight with no sleep to apprehend a fugitive. Luckily, the thick soles on our shoes make them extremely durable.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Then, of course, there was also the time during the summer when we had to hide ourselves in some bushes along a river while we waited to ambush a suspect.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' There were a lot of poisonous insects around the river at that time of year with bites that can be quite deadly. But most insect repellants have a pungent odor that, if used, would have exposed our position.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' So, all I could do was advise the members of my Platoon to keep their skin covered and remain in position until the suspect emerged and began to trade the stolen goods for Mora.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' In the end, we managed to apprehend the suspect and the goods. But, a few members of my platoon passed out from heatstroke and were indisposed for quite some time.
::{{DIcon}} I'm getting uncomfortable just thinking about all of that...
:::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship1 09a.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Uncomfortable is part of the job. But we're used to it. After all, ensuring peace for the citizens of Fontaine is no small matter.
::{{DIcon}} Did you come out of all of that unscathed, Chevreuse?
:::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship1 09b.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' That's a given. I am the captain, after all.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' But... *sigh* The number of Gardes that have been injured in the line of duty has been increasing lately...
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship1 11.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' I should submit a request to the Maison Gardiennage to increase compensation for injured Gardes.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Okay. Due to confidentiality restrictions, I can't share any specific case details with you.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' But I can tell you a story about the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Some time ago, we lost one of the members of our platoon. He sacrificed himself while carrying out an important mission.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' We arranged a funeral service for him and turned his effects over to his family.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' The only thing we held onto was the cap from his uniform. It's a tradition. If his son decided to join the Gardes in the future, we would pass the cap down to him.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' One day, after everything was settled, I saw a group of people gathered outside. I rushed over, thinking there was someone causing a disturbance.
::{{DIcon}} Who was it? His son?
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' It was. The boy grabbed one of my Gardes by the sleeve and asked, "Have you seen my daddy?"
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' He couldn't describe his father's appearance beyond the fact that he was "big and tall." The boy just kept repeating his father's name over and over again, but there was little we could say in return.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' We all knew that his father had long been part of covert operations for the Special Patrol and hadn't been able to return home after the birth of his son.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' But there was something we didn't know. In order to protect his cover, he hadn't left behind a single picture of himself, even for his family.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' The boy learned from his mother that his father was an "Honored Garde of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol."
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' But, I would imagine the word "honor" meant very little to him, and that it was even harder to comprehend that his father "was never coming back."
::{{DIcon}} ...
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' In the end, we escorted the boy home, and each member of my platoon left him with a gift.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Some gave him a pocket watch, a pen, or a badge.
::{{DIcon}} What about you?
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' I gave him a copy of my favorite novel.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' I hope that he can be like the hero in that novel one day and have the resolve to follow his own path.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 17.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Whether he makes the choice to don his father's cap or follow a path that leads him away from the Gardes...
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship2 18.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' My only wish is that he feels proud of his father all the same.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' It's rare that I get the chance to relax like this.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Also... I've been meaning to ask whether you would be willing to assist me with some missions. With your help, I imagine the perpetrators will practically catch themselves!
::{{DIcon}} Where's the fight?
:::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship3 03a 1.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' There's certainly a chance we may need to resort to violence. But, the readiness of your answer seems to suggest that you're quite used to that sort of thing.
:::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship3 03a 2.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Don't worry. That wasn't an accusation.
:::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship3 03a 3.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Sometimes, it's the only "language" people will understand. If anybody, I know that best of all.
::{{DIcon}} And the compensation?
:::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship3 03b 1.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' I think you'll find me to be quite generous, especially when it comes to my friends.
:::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship3 03b 2.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Also, in case it sweetens the deal... if the food at the Victory Feast isn't to your taste, I'd be happy to share some of my more... criminally delicious snacks with you.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' So, do we have an agreement?
::{{DIcon}} Alright, so what's the plan?
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' For missions that require infiltration and surveillance, I was thinking that this teapot might make good cover.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' But now I see that entering and exiting are rather complicated. So how about this... I bring the teapot on the mission with you inside as backup.
::{{DIcon}} ...I beg your pardon?
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' When you hear me tap on the side of the teapot, you jump out, and we take down the perpetrators together.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' "Captain of the Special Security and Surveillance TEAPOT-rol" does have a certain ring to it. It's decided then!
::{{DIcon}} Sorry, I can't give the teapot to you...
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Ah... I see.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' I suppose I'll have to train you to be a proper Garde then. If you can handle it, that is.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Chevreuse!
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Good morning! I just finished patrolling the area and can confirm the perimeter is secure.
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' But, it appears there isn't any exercise equipment here. I suppose I'll have to suspend my morning strength training for today.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Chevreuse!
::{{A|vo chevreuse mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Get some rest, {{Traveler}}! I'm going make a few more rounds on patrol to walk off some... recent transgressions of the food variety.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Key to a Stable Work-Rest Cycle===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd chevreuse residentarea 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' This makes me feel like I'm back in the dorms at the Special Patrol headquarters.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd chevreuse residentarea 02.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' All that's missing is the clothes hanging on the backs of the chairs, the half-empty coffee cups...
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd chevreuse residentarea 03.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' And of course, all my teammates, looking ready to pass out after an intense day.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Full Force Forward in the Forbidden Fortress===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd chevreuse meropideindoors 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' You know, I've sent quite a few people to the Fortress of Meropide.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd chevreuse meropideindoors 02.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Since it's a place of second chances... I hope they make the most of it and take the opportunity to redeem themselves.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd chevreuse meropideindoors 03.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Most important of all, I hope they learn right from wrong, and turn away from crime in the future.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Chevreuse/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Chevreuse/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:シュヴルーズ/仲間]]
[[ru:Шеврёз/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Chevreuse/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Chevreuse/Bạn Đồng Hành]]