{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Chevka.png
|region           = Snezhnaya
|location         = Golden Apple Archipelago
|affiliation      = Fatui
}}
'''Chevka''' is an event-exclusive NPC that appeared in the Event [[Summertime Odyssey]].

==Profile==
Chevka was raised by his father in Snezhnaya, who drilled several values into him. When he became of age, he joined the Fatui to serve the [[Tsaritsa]] and bring honor to his family.

Chevka accompanied [[Persikov]] and several Fatui to the [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]] to test out Persikov's machine, ordering his comrades to meet at the central island once they were done with their tasks. While gathering information with [[Yakov]], he got into an argument with him over honor, causing him to throw his [[Old Insignia|insignia]] away in disgust. The machine eventually failed, causing Chevka's mind to shatter alongside all the other Fatui. Chevka eventually ended up on [[Minacious Isle/2.8|Minacious Isle]], where the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] found him.

Chevka muttered about an insignia, which the pair found and returned to him, restoring his mind. However, he was quickly alarmed to see his saviors, but due to his father's teachings, introduced himself to them and explained what he was doing on the island. He then remembered about Yakov and asked them to help find him, which they did by activating a portal. Chevka went with them and arrived to find Yakov in a trance. Not wanting to leave him alone, he took him to the central island, telling the Traveler about his other comrades.

The Traveler found and restored [[Agafya]] and [[Zakhar]], who likewise returned to the central camp. There, they worked with the Traveler to restore Yakov's mind and learned that Persikov's test had failed. He was eager to see how Persikov would be punished for his disobedience and failure. They then left the archipelago, with Chevka leaving a message behind stating that should they meet in battle in the future, they would fight fairly and that the defeated would bear no ill will to the victor.

===Appearance===
Chevka takes on the appearance of a [[Fatui Skirmisher - Electrohammer Vanguard]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Chevka
|zhs     = 叶夫卡
|zhs_rm  = Yèfūkǎ
|zht     = 葉夫卡
|zht_rm  = Yèfūkǎ
|ja      = エフカ
|ja_rm   = Efuka
|ko      = 체프카
|es      = Chevka
|fr      = Chevka
|ru      = Чевка
|th      = Chevka
|vi      = Chevka
|de      = Chevka
|id      = Chevka
|pt      = Chevka
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Chevka]]