{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Chimalli.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Children of Echoes
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Chimalli''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that first appears in the {{Quest|The Surging Darkness}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Chimalli is the leader of a group of soldiers stationed in [[Sulfurous Veins]] during the Abyssal invasion of Natlan.

If the [[Traveler]] chose to assist Chimalli's location, they would help repel an attack on his base, of which he appreciated his gratitude to them. They soon discovered another abyssal pylon hidden behind some rocks and destroyed it. When an [[Gosoythoth|Abyssal rift]] emerged from Natlan's skies, Chimalli and his men were forced back into the fray, but due to their assistance, Chimalli's men did not take any casualties by the time they returned.

If the Traveler did not choose to assist him the first time, by the time they arrived, Chimalli and three of his men remained, the others perishing in battle.

Regardless of their decision, Chimalli deemed his base lost and asked the remaining soldiers that they could either move to the [[Children of Echoes]] front to help out, or retreat to the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]]. To his surprise, everyone elected to head to the Children of Echoes. Soon after, an unknown object crashed from the rift, of which he recognized it as being in the [[People of the Springs]] territory. Chimalli and his soldiers then parted with the Traveler.

After [[Mavuika]] extended the [[Ode of Resurrection]] to affect everyone in Natlan, Chimalli and his soldiers were pumped, repelling the monsters with the Traveler's assistance.

Once the war against the Abyss was over, Chimalli made his way to the memorial service set up near the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] to pay his respects. He thanked the Traveler for their contributions, hoping that the Sacred Flame would continue to protect them and that a new chapter begun for everyone.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
::{{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
* ''{{w|Chimalli}}'' means "shield" in {{w|Nahuatl}}.
* ''{{w|Chīmalli}}'' was the traditional defensive armament of the indigenous Mesoamerica.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Chimalli
|zhs      = 奇马利
|zhs_rm   = Qímǎlì
|zht      = 奇馬利
|zht_rm   = Qímǎlì
|ja       = チマリ
|ja_rm    = Chimari
|ko       = 치말리
|es       = Chimalli
|fr       = Chimalli
|ru       = Чималли
|th       = Chimalli
|vi       = Chimalli
|de       = Chimalli
|id       = Chimalli
|pt       = Chimalli
|tr       = Chimalli
|it       = Chimalli
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|<!-- Version number -->}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->