{{Character_Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Chimpu.png
|title2           = Momma Bird
|titleNote2       = by Chasca
|group            = Qucusaurus
|group2           = Saurians
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Flower-Feather Clan
|child            = Coya
|child2           = Chasca
|childNote2       = foster
|relative         = Chime
|relativeNote     = granddaughter
}}
'''Chimpu''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in {{Quest|Guns and Wings}}.

==Profile==
Chimpu is the biological mother of [[Coya]] and adoptive mother of [[Chasca]]. She found an infant Chasca by chance when she was abandoned in the wilds and took her under her wing. Despite a language barrier, Chasca was able to understand most of Chimpu and Coya's speech.

When Chasca was discovered by [[Allpa]], Chimpu understood that Chasca needed to return to human society and respected her decision to stay with her own kind. Coya was not able to come to terms with Chasca's decision and left, though Coya would continue to visit Chimpu once in a while. Likewise, Chasca would periodically visit Chimpu when she had the time.

During the events of the Flower-Feather Clan's [[Tribal Chronicles]], upon learning that Coya was attacking humans for no apparent reason, Chasca decided to visit Chimpu's nest to ask her what was going on. Chimpu agreed to bring them to Coya's nest, and she talked with her daughter about her recent actions. Suddenly, the two qucusaurs were ensnared by [[Isidore]], but the [[Traveler]] and Chasca defeated them. Learning that they were hired by a man named [[Tepal]] to capture qucusaurs, Chasca decided to inform the tribe of the news. As she and the Traveler left with the criminals in tow, Coya looked at them with contemplation. Understanding that Coya wanted to help Chasca, Chimpu encouraged her to do so.

After apprehending the mastermind behind the plot, Chimpu spent some time with her granddaughter Chime. Chime rushed over to Coya, prompting Chimpu to tell her to slow down.

===Appearance===
Chimpu is a Qucusaurus with light pink plumage.

==Quest and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* {{w|Chimpu Ocllo}} was a princess of the {{w|Inca Empire}} born to the Sapa Inca {{w|Túpac Huallpa}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Chimpu
|zhs      = 栖木普
|zhs_rm   = Qīmùpǔ
|zht      = 棲木普
|zht_rm   = Qīmùpǔ
|ja       = チンプ
|ja_rm    = Chinpu
|ko       = 치무푸
|es       = Chimpu
|fr       = Chimpu
|ru       = Чимпу
|th       = Chimpu
|vi       = Chimpu
|de       = Chimpu
|id       = Chimpu
|pt       = Chimpu
|tr       = Chimpu
|it       = Chimpu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}
<!--
==Reflist==
{{Reflist}}
-->