{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Chiori
|id             = 368180
|image          = Chiori Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Chiori''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Fashion...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} My brand...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Fabric...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} The highlight...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Let's enjoy ourselves...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Something exciting?
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Inspiration...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chiori mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Ah, you're here, {{Traveler}}. I sort of assumed that you didn't make it home very often.
:{{A|vo chiori mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' So, how are the travels going? Anything exciting happen lately? Your stories might be just the inspiration I need.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' It's pretty good. Pleasant scenery, calm atmosphere... Good place to rest and rejuvenate your body and mind.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Sometimes, when I get sick of being in the Court of Fontaine, I get a strong urge to head off somewhere else for a while, and get a change of scenery. Somewhere without unruly customers, or tabloids spreading lies.
::{{DIcon}} Any places you've already been?
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Oh yeah, loads. It was a long journey from Inazuma to Fontaine, after all.
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' The wines and ballads of Mondstadt, the prosperous commercial hub that's Liyue Harbor, the bustling Grand Bazaar and the never-ending desert in Sumeru... I've seen it all.
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' One thing I liked to do was head to the liveliest spot in town, find a seat, and just sit there people-watching all day. I wanted to get a sense of the local atmosphere, see the clothes people wore, imagine what kind of lives they lived...
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship1 03a 4.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' I sometimes feel like to this day, most of the inspiration for my designs still comes from the things I saw back then on my travels... You of all people probably get what I'm talking about.
::{{DIcon}} Where would you like to go?
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Somewhere I've never been before. That's the only way I can find new inspiration.
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' You know what, I've never been to Natlan or Snezhnaya... Hmm, maybe it's time to make some travel plans.
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship1 03b 3.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Every nation has a completely different fashion sense rooted in its unique culture. I have to keep incorporating new styles, adapting them, combining them, and innovating... That's the only way Chioriya Boutique can continue to stand at the forefront of fashion.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Hah, look at me &mdash; chat about anything for long enough, and I'll always find a way to make it about work.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Hmm... I guess it's a deeply ingrained habit of mine. I'm always on the lookout for inspiration, and every aspect of daily life is a potential source.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Anyway. Basically, I love traveling. Maybe one day, our travel plans will overlap and we'll bump into each other somewhere out there.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Huh, this one is for the books. A lot of people avoid chatting with me whenever they can help it, because they don't like what I have to say.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' The truth is, I just prefer it when people can cut to the chase and be straight with one another. The amount of effort some people put into beating around the bush and being diplomatic... It'd be so much quicker to just hash it out and be done with it.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' What about you? What's your preferred communication style?
::{{DIcon}} Direct and to the point, like you.
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 04a.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Excellent. That'll save us a lot of trouble.
::{{DIcon}} I think sometimes, being tactful is better than being blunt...
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 04b 1.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' You do? Well, I just find it a headache.
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 04b 2.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Maybe it's because I always have a clear and firm opinion on things. My feelings are never ambiguous &mdash; either I like something, or I don't.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' I remember one time when I saw a customer hesitating between two different colored outfits.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' I told her that she should pick the cream-colored one, since it went well with her hair and also accentuated her figure. She turned her nose up at that, and said that stains would show up more on the cream one than the gray one.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' So I said sure thing &mdash; if you're set on the gray one, I can make some adjustments so it'll look more stylish. But she didn't like that idea either, and she started saying that maybe gray was a bit too dull.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' We went back and forth like that for a whole afternoon. In the end? She picked a red one...
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' I mean, I do understand where she was coming from. Her concerns were valid, it's just... People like that... they need to learn to prioritize between criteria when they're making a decision.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' If you want something that goes with your figure, pick the cream. If you want to get away with a few smudges and stains, pick the gray.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' But if what you really want is to stand out from the crowd so your crush will spot you as soon as they arrive at the party... then for goodness' sake, just tell me that as soon as you walk through my door!
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Phew... I'm getting all worked up just thinking about it. I need a moment to calm down...
::{{DIcon}} Maybe she was just shy?
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' You're right. She was hesitant about telling me. But if she'd just been direct with me, we could have saved so much time, and then I would have been able to do a better job of tailoring her outfit to suit her needs.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Things like that happen all the time. It makes me all the more determined to never beat around the bush, and always be upfront and direct.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Sure, it might not be the smartest approach. But for me at least, it's definitely the most efficient.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' All this is to say that I will never hide my true thoughts and feelings from you, and I'd like it if you could do the same for me.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 17.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Of course, if you ever find yourself compelled to say something like "Chioriya Boutique's outfits are hideous"... then I'd hope you at least follow it up with some sort of reasoned argument that I can consider.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship2 18.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' You don't seem like the type of person who'd say something just to be provocative. Unless... I dunno, you secretly enjoy the feeling of being thrown out of my front door, or something.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Do you have any hagoita here? I could go for a round or two against you.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Hey, what's that look supposed to mean? Don't think I'm good for anything beyond sewing and stitching, huh?
::{{DIcon}} Nothing, just... Didn't know you were into that game. That's all.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' I played it all the time when I was growing up in Inazuma. I was actually one of the best players around.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' But no one knows how to play in Fontaine, and playing with beginners just feels... I don't know... kind of unfair to them?
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' You must have played it during your travels in Inazuma, right? I bet you're pretty good.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Well? You game? Don't tell me you're scared?
::{{DIcon}} Bring it on!
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 07a 1.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Yeah, that's more like it! There's the Traveler everyone talks about.
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 07a 2.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' And just so we're clear, I will definitely exercise my bragging rights if you lose.
::{{DIcon}} What's the penalty for the person who loses?
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 07b 1.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Huh? Ooh, you wanna raise the stakes, do you? Fine by me, that'll make this much more fun.
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 07b 2.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' If you lose... you come help out at my store for a few days. You can do some sweeping, organize the outfits, maybe do a little modeling...
:::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 07b 3.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' And if I lose, I help out at your place instead. It's up to you. I can sweep the place, or maybe do some decorating...
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' We can start whenever you're ready. I've got my own pair of hagoita that I can use.
::{{DIcon}} ...You're gonna use both?
::{{DIcon}} ...Isn't that a bit unfair?
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' There's nothing in the rules that says you can't use two. I use twin blades in combat, what's so strange about using twin hagoita?
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' You can go ahead and use four hagoita against me, if you want. I don't mind.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Unless... you'd rather forfeit right now?
::{{DIcon}} ...I just hope you're not a sore loser!
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Oh, don't you worry about that. Even though the Chioriya brand is all about never admitting defeat, I have no problem with accepting a loss in a game between friends.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' On one condition, of course... You have to actually beat me first.

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Chiori.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Morning. I'm still waking up... Need to make myself some coffee.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Mind if I borrow your kitchen? I promise I'll clean up afterwards.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Chiori.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Another day, gone... How time flies.
::{{A|vo chiori mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' I'm gonna take another look at my pattern pieces. Go get some rest &mdash; no need to wait up for me.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Wakeful Spring===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq chiori fiesta 01.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' I haven't seen such a fine hot spring since before I left Inazuma... I've missed this.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq chiori fiesta 02.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' I got into the habit of taking a dip every day after work back when I still lived there. It's something I still enjoy... although in Fontaine, I'm limited to the humble bathtub in my home.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq chiori fiesta 03.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' I'm gonna go ahead and jump in. Is there anywhere to put my clothes? Or shall I just fold them up and leave them on the ground?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Court of Justice's Booming Commerce===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd chiori businessdistrict 01.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' This was my favorite sight when I first moved to Fontaine. And now, it's one I get to see every day as I walk through the streets.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd chiori businessdistrict 02.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Here, on these dazzling streets that seem to go on forever, the first corner of the Chiori fashion kingdom has been established.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd chiori businessdistrict 03.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' I will work hard to expand its territory over the coming years. In the meantime, you're always welcome to drop by for a visit.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Chiori/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Chiori/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:千織/仲間]]
[[ru:Тиори/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Chiori/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Chiori/Bạn Đồng Hành]]