{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72807
|type          = World
|chapter       = Ritou Travel Permit
|requirement   = Complete [[Ritou Escape Plan]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|exp           = 100
|rep           = Inazuma
|repAmt        = 20
|other         = {{Card|Mora|30,000}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
|characters    = Hiiragi Chisato; Kujou Kamaji; Traveler
}}
'''Chisato's Letter''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Inazuma]]. It is obtained upon completing [[Ritou Escape Plan]].

==Steps==
#Give the letter to [[Kujou Kamaji]]
#*Approach [[Sanada]] (optional)
#Find Kujou Kamaji
#Go to Kiminami Restaurant to collect the snacks
#*Obtain [[Travel Permit]], [[Kujou Kamaji's Letter]], [[Snack Box]]
#Report back to [[Hiiragi Chisato]]

==Notes==
* Completing this quest will allow the player to freely enter and leave [[Ritou]].
* Speaking to Hiiragi Chisato again after completing the quest will reward a 4{{Star}} [[Storm Cage]] artifact.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Chisato, lady of the Hiiragi Clan, which leads the Kanjou Commission, requests that you help her bring a letter to her sweetheart, Kujou Kamaji...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Sanada)
:'''Sanada:''' *sigh* What a headache... Hi there, is there anything you want?
:{{DIcon}} About Kamaji...
:'''Sanada:''' Are you talking about Master Kamaji? What do you want from him?
:{{DIcon}} (Shows [[A Love Letter(?)|Chisato's Letter]])
:'''Sanada:''' You said this letter is from Ms. Hiiragi Chisato?
:'''Sanada:''' If this letter is really from that Hiiragi Chisato...
:'''Sanada:''' I think... You should talk to Master Kamaji directly. He's been taking walks near the bridge recently.

;(Talk to Sanada again)
:'''Sanada:''' I think... You should talk to Master Kamaji directly. He's been taking walks near the bridge recently.
----
;(Talk to Kujou Kamaji)
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' You are... Ahh, you're that Traveler from abroad. What can I do for you?
:{{DIcon}} About Hiiragi Chisato's Letter...
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' This letter... Did Ms. Hiiragi really ask you to deliver this letter to me?
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' This handwriting... It really is her... Thank goodness...
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Thank you for making this trip, Traveler.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' As for the Travel Permit... As it's Ms. Hiiragi's personal request, I will naturally see it through.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' However, I'll need some time to prepare...
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' How about this. Can you wait for me at the Kiminami Restaurant?
:{{DIcon}} Why do you want to go there?
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Well... I want a small favor from you.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Recently... I was also thinking of sending something to Ms. Hiiragi.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' I wrote a letter and also requested Ms. Kiminami to make some treats for me. I was planning to send them together to Ms. Hiiragi as a present.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' But if [[Kujou Takayuki|my father]] finds out about my plans, he might be upset... Just as I was pondering what to do, you showed up.
:{{DIcon}} It's only a present.
::'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Father doesn't want me to communicate with Ms. Hiiragi.
::'''Kujou Kamaji:''' I understand his concerns. After all, I am a member of the [[Kujou Clan]] and one of the enforcers of the [[Tenryou Commission]].
:{{DIcon}} Is your father very strict?
::'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Father... He naturally has to be strict. I do understand why he's unwilling for me to communicate with Ms. Hiiragi.
::'''Kujou Kamaji:''' After all, I am a member of the [[Kujou Clan]] and one of the enforcers of the [[Tenryou Commission]].
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Ms. Hiiragi is the young lady of the [[Kanjou Commission]]'s [[Hiiragi Clan]].
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' If I were to get close to her, it would be inevitable that someone might try to take advantage of our situation.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Even though it is only a present, in some people's eyes, it's a lot more than that.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Hehe, let's not talk about these trivial matters.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Traveler, please wait at the Kiminami Restaurant for me. After I approve the Travel Permit, I'll bring it to you.
----
;(Talk to Kiminami Anna)
:'''Kiminami Anna:''' Welcome to [[Kiminami Restaurant]].
:{{DIcon}} About [[Kujou Kamaji|Kamaji]]'s treats...
:'''Kiminami Anna:''' Oh, I've already prepared the treats that Master Kamaji ordered. I'll bring them to you now.
:'''Kiminami Anna:''' But, I'm curious about who Master Kamaji will give these treats to...
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' It's nothing more than a public relations gesture, Ms. Kiminami.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' A while back, Mr. [[Hiiragi Shinsuke]] presented my father with a batch of fine tea.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' My father knows that Mr. Hiiragi's beloved daughter Chisato likes treats, so he told me to prepare some as a gift in return.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' I was worried that the delivery might take too long, and there might also be unavoidable bumps during the journey... So I specifically asked for this Traveler to deliver them.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Ms. Kiminami, can I have a look at the treats, please? I want to make sure I haven't missed anything.
:'''Kiminami Anna:''' Hmm... Sure, here are the treats. Please take a look.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Everything is there. Thank you, Ms. Kiminami.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Let us move out of the way, Traveler. I have a few more things to say to you.
----
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' This is the [[Travel Permit]]. Please take it.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' With this Travel Permit, you can freely enter and leave Ritou.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' It's fine. This permit will make your delivery a lot smoother.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Also... Here's the letter.
:{{DIcon}} Did you write this letter yourself?
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Yes. I tried to write this letter in a... tactful manner. I hope Ms. Hiiragi won't be offended by it.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Please deliver this letter and the treats to Ms. Hiiragi.
:{{DIcon}} Do we have to go back again...
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Hehe, but this time, you have the Travel Permit. You should have a lot more freedom than before.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' I'll leave it to you, Traveler. I also need to go back and deal with official matters.
:'''Kujou Kamaji:''' Ugh, when will I be able to go there myself...
;(Obtain [[Travel Permit]], [[Kujou Kamaji's Letter]], and [[Snack Box]])
----
;(Talk to Hiiragi Chisato)
:'''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Traveler, you've returned.
:'''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I guess you've delivered my letter to Kamaji? ...Did you manage to get the Travel Permit as well?
:{{DIcon}} Yes I have. Thank you.
::'''Hiiragi Chisato:''' You don't have to thank me. You should be thanking Kamaji instead.
:{{DIcon}} This is from Kamaji.
:'''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Eh? What's this? Treats, and... a handwritten letter from Kamaji?
:'''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Was it his request? These [[Tricolor Dango]]... He prepared them for me...
:'''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Thank you, Traveler. I'll make sure to savor these treats. As for this letter... I'll read it with great care.
:'''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Thank you for the hard work. Please accept these items as thanks for your help.
:'''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Who knows... I might need your help again in the future as well.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Chisato's Letter
|zhs     = 千里之信
|zhs_rm  = Qiānlǐ zhī Xìn
|zht     = 千里之信
|zht_rm  = Qiānlǐ zhī Xìn
|zh_tl   = Letter of Chisato
|ja      = 千里の手紙
|ja_rm   = Chisato no Tegami
|ja_tl   = Chisato's Letter
|ko      = 치사토의 편지
|ko_rm   = Chisato-ui Pyeonji
|ko_tl   = Chisato's Letter
|es      = Carta de Chisato
|es_tl   = Chisato's Letter
|fr      = La lettre de Chisato
|fr_tl   = Chisato's Letter
|ru      = Письмо Тисато
|ru_tl   = Chisato's Letter
|th      = จดหมายทางไกลนับพันไมล์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Niềm tin nghìn dặm
|vi_tl   = A Thousand Miles of Faith
|de      = Chisatos Brief
|de_tl   = Chisato's Letter
|id      = Surat Chisato
|id_tl   = Chisato's Letter
|pt      = Carta de Chisato
|pt_tl   = Chisato's Letter
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[pt-br:Carta de Chisato]]
[[fr:La lettre de Chisato]]