{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Hangout Noelle.png
|type           = Story
|group          = Hangout Event
|actNum         = I
|character      = Noelle
|next           = Knightly Exam Prep
|ARReq          = 26
|archonQuestReq = [[Prologue]]: Act III - ''[[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]''
|keyReq         = 2
}}
'''''Chivalric Training''''' is the first act in [[Noelle]]'s [[Hangout Event]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player needs 2 [[Story Key]]s, must have reached [[Adventure Rank]] 26 and completed the {{Quest|Song of the Dragon and Freedom}}.

==Summary==
[[Noelle]] meets the [[Traveler]] in the library of the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]] and asks them for guidance on her "Chivalric Training," which is the training that aspiring [[Knights of Favonius]] undergo. The Traveler can choose either to assure Noelle that it's okay not to be a knight or to ask her where she wants to start regarding her training.

Choosing to assure Noelle that it's okay not to be a knight results in Noelle focusing on smaller tasks around [[Mondstadt]]. While going around Mondstadt, the two overhear a man shouting for help. The man turns out to be [[Alois]], a traveling merchant whose aim is to acquire some of Mondstadt's local wine and bring them back to [[Liyue]]. As part of Noelle's hospitality, she escorts him to Mondstadt and gives him food, drinks, and souvenirs from the city's various stores; however, throughout the journey, Alois becomes unsettled from Noelle's behavior. Depending on the Traveler's responses each time Alois receives something from Noelle, Alois either breaks down and reveals to the Traveler that he's been scheming to copy [[Dandelion Wine]] and leaves (much to Noelle's disappointment), or he becomes grateful for Noelle's hospitality, promises to return to Mondstadt some time later, and leaves without revealing his plan.

If, instead, the Traveler chooses to listen to Noelle regarding her training, Noelle reveals that despite constantly being busy with her maidly duties and physical exercises, she feels as though something is lacking in her regimen. The Traveler can tell her that she's either lacking strength or lacking rest.

If the Traveler tells Noelle that she's lacking strength, they go to the training grounds, where Noelle exhibits her strength by destroying all of the training dummies without a hitch. However, she laments that although she's confident in her strength, she always loses to her opponent when training with the other knights; the Traveler replies by saying Noelle's lacking experience in real battles or she's still lacking strength. Saying Noelle lacks battle experience will result in Noelle going to the outskirts of Mondstadt to defeat a series of opponents (which she could succeed or fail in depending on the player's actions). Regardless, the Traveler advises her to choose her battles and value teamwork. Afterwards, they go to a nearby hilichurl camp and save [[Henning]], much to their delight. However, if the Traveler insists that Noelle is lacking strength, they go to a mining site to develop Noelle's strength through mining. However, monsters emerge and a rockfall occurs during Noelle's training, but she is able to defeat them all and clear the path, much to everyone's delight.

If the Traveler tells Noelle that she's lacking rest instead, they go to [[Good Hunter]] to rest, but are instead approached by [[Beatrice]], who is worried about [[Quinn]] ignoring her. To bring Quinn's attention to Beatrice, the group decides to give him a gift, a choice of either [[Mondstadt Grilled Fish]] or an item from [[With Wind Comes Glory]]. Deciding to give Quinn the food results in Beatrice being rejected by Quinn due to the latter having a lack of appetite; afterwards, Noelle goes back to the library to study books about love. If they decide to give Quinn an item from the store, Beatrice instead becomes worried about the location of her date. After traveling to multiple locations, Beatrice decides to have their date at [[Cape Oath]]. Noelle then gives a paper rose to the Traveler as a token of appreciation.

==Quests==
===Quests List===
* [[Maid-in-Training]]
** [[Fleeting Leisure]]
*** [[Gift and Intent]]
** [[Noelle's Strength]]
*** [[Strength Training]]
*** [[Live Practice]]
** [[The Art of Hospitality]]

===Quests Map===
{{Map:Chivalric Training}}

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|type=Hangout Event}}

==Ending Rewards==
{{Hangout Event Rewards
|1 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Lighter-Than-Air Pancake|5}}
|2 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Primogem|20}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Guide to Resistance|3}}
|3 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Prithiva Topaz Fragment|3}}
|4 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Primogem|20}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Lighter-Than-Air Pancake|5}}
|5 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Prithiva Topaz Fragment|3}}
|6 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Primogem|20}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Guide to Resistance|3}}
}}

==Endings==
{{Hangout Event Endings
|character    = Noelle
|act          = 1

|ending1      = A Cold Reception
|ending1_text = Not every attempt at passionate hospitality is given perfect closure.

|ending2      = "Goodbye, Miss Maid!"
|ending_alt2  = Goodbye Miss Maid
|ending2_text = Each time she heads out, she brings her gentle intent along.

|ending3      = A Defender's Will Is Their Strength
|ending_alt3  = A Defenders Will Is Their Strength
|ending3_text = This strength exists to defend others.

|ending4      = A Maid Above Ground
|ending4_text = ...Just a bunch of rocks.

|ending5      = A Conundrum Called Love
|ending5_text = It may take some time yet to discover the formula for "love"...

|ending6      = Whisper of the Paper Rose
|ending6_text = "The meaning of the rose only exists in our hearts..."
}}

===Achievements===
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=Chivalric Training|requirements=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Chivalric Training
|zhs     = 骑士修行之道
|zhs_rm  = Qíshì Xiūxíng zhī Dào
|zht     = 騎士修行之道
|zht_rm  = Qíshì Xiūxíng zhī Dào
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 騎士修行の道
|ja_rm   = Kishi Shugyou no Michi
|ja_tl   = The Way of Chivalric Training
|ko      = 기사 수행의 길
|ko_rm   = Gisa Suhaeng-ui Gil
|ko_tl   = The Way of Knight Training
|es      = El camino de una caballera
|es_tl   = The Way of a Knight
|es_note = {{es|Caballera}} is a feminine term.
|fr      = Entraînement à la chevalerie
|fr_tl   = Training for Chivalry
|ru      = Путь рыцаря Ордо Фавониус
|ru_tl   = Path of the Favonius Knight
|th      = เส้นทางแห่งอัศวิน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Path of Knight
|vi      = Con Đường Tập Luyện Kỵ Sĩ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ritterliche Ausbildung
|de_tl   = Knightly Training
|id      = Pelatihan Knight
|id_tl   = Knight Training
|pt      = O Caminho do Treinamento de Cavalheirismo
|pt_tl   = The Way of the Chivalric Training
|tr      = Şövalye Eğitimi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Addestramento cavalleresco
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[es:El camino de una caballera]]
[[ja:騎士修行の道]]