{{Location Infobox
|image        = Chizhang Wall.png
|type         = Subarea
|area         = Chenyu Vale: Southern Mountain
|subregion    = Chenyu Vale
|region       = Liyue
}}
{{Location Intro|description={{If Self|Chizhang Wall|It|Chizhang Wall}} is located north of [[Mt. Xuanlian]]. The [[Solitary Suanni]] is located here.}}
<!--
==Points of Interest==
{{Locations by Category Table|type=Points of Interest}}
--><!--
==Quests==
{{Quests by Category List|{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Quests|heo=1}}
-->
==Features==
<!--
===Domains===
{{Domains by Category Gallery}}

===Exploration===
-->
===Enemies===
* {{Enemy|Solitary Suanni}}
<!--
===Local Specialties===
* {{Item|}}
-->
===Interactables===
The following are related to the {{Achievement|A Ruined Tale}}:

====Records of the Ancestors (I)====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Records of the Ancestors (I):''' "Pursued by mountain beasts, we villagers thought ourselves doomed, but we encountered the great adeptus..."
:'''Records of the Ancestors (I):''' "...Beauty beyond words, the like of which this world has never seen. Magnificent poise, for which no praises would be sufficient. A voice like timeless music, a song named Ling..."
:'''Records of the Ancestors (I):''' "...said: The divine rite approaches. Fujin has... I too... The jade that aforetime descended shall be divided, to prevent wicked spirits from plundering... offer it here, and you shall live at peace, to await..."
:'''Records of the Ancestors (I):''' "...The courtyard was sealed as per the adeptus's commands..."
{{Dialogue End}}

====Records of the Ancestors (II)====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Records of the Ancestors (II):''' "...Jade engraved and carved. Offered at Chiwang, that the heavens may hear..."
:'''Records of the Ancestors (II):''' "...From ancient times, the days of our sage ancestors, this rite was to be attended to ensure our prosperity..."
{{Dialogue End}}

====Records of the Ancestors (III)====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Records of the Ancestors (III):''' "...who live in Chenyu, whose hearts are on the mountains, who wander in time and world alike..."
:'''Records of the Ancestors (III):''' "...Who in the valley depths knows of the heavens? I think upon your beauty and weep..."
:'''Records of the Ancestors (III):''' "...The years have passed. Frost and dew weather my garments. Upon this wall shall I paint, that it may be lasting testament..."
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Puzzles==
===Puzzle Name===

==NPCs==
*

===Vendors===
*
-->
==Descriptions==
{{Description/Viewpoint|Desolate Foothill Shrines}}
<!--
==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=location}}

==Lore==

==Trivia==
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Chizhang Wall
|zhs     = 赤璋城垣
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 赤璋城垣
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = {{Rubi|赤|せき|璋|しょう}}の{{Rubi|石|いし|垣|がき}}
|ja_rm   = Sekishou no Ishigaki<ref>[[Map]], Label: Chizhang Wall (Japanese)</ref>
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 적장 성벽
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Ciudadela Chizhang
|es_tl   = Chizhang Citadel
|fr      = Rempart de Chizhang
|fr_tl   = Chizhang Rampart
|ru      = Стена Чичжан
|ru_tl   = Chizhang Wall
|th      = Chizhang Wall
|vi      = Tường Thành Xích Chương
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Chizhang-Mauer
|de_tl   = Chizhang Wall
|id      = Chizhang Wall
|pt      = Muralha de Chizhang
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Chizhang Seddi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Cittadella di Chizhang
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Liyue}}

[[fr:Rempart de Chizhang]]
[[zh:赤璋城垣]]