{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70712
|image         = Chloris Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|characters    = Chloris; Traveler
|rep           = Mondstadt
|mora          = 20,000
}}
'''''Chloris' Flora Studies''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]]. It shows up on the Requests board as '''Request from [[Chloris]]'''.

==Steps==
# Give three [[Cecilia]]s to Chloris

==Request Details==
Help Needed:<br />
My latest research into flora requires Cecilia flowers, but these are very hard to purchase in the city. I'm researching a critical juncture in my research, too, so I can't leave to spent <!--should be spend MHY--> time gathering flowers out in the wild...<br />
If anyone's willing to lend a hand, please help me gather {{Color|buzzword|three Cecilias}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Chloris]] needs three [[Cecilia]]s.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Chloris:''' Wow! I haven't had any faunal contact in ages!
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Heard you need some Cecilias...
:'''Chloris:''' Hmm? Oh, you must have seen the commission I put up.
:'''Chloris:''' Well, have you gathered three Cecilias yet?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here they are.
::'''Chloris:''' These should be plenty for me to conduct my research.
::'''Chloris:''' Here, these are for you. Take them &mdash; and thanks for the help!
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Chloris:''' Alright, then. Just remember to give them to me as soon as you've gathered enough. I need them for my research.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Chloris' Flora Studies
|zhs     = 克罗丽丝的植物研究
|zhs_rm  = Kèluólìsī de Zhíwù Yánjiū
|zht     = 克羅麗絲的植物研究
|zht_rm  = Kèluólìsī de Zhíwù Yánjiù
|zh_tl   = Chloris' Plant Studies
|ja      = クロリスの植物研究
|ja_rm   = Kurorisu no Shokubutsu Kenkyuu
|ja_tl   = Chloris' Plant Studies
|ko      = 클로리스의 식물 연구
|ko_rm   = Keulloriseu-ui Singmul Yeongu
|ko_tl   = Chloris' Plant Studies
|es      = Investigación botánica de Chloris
|es_tl   = Chloris' Botanical Investigation
|fr      = Chloris et ses fleurs
|fr_tl   = Chloris and her Flowers
|ru      = Ботаника Клорис
|ru_tl   = Chloris' Botany
|th      = การวิจัยพืชของ Cloris
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nghiên cứu thực vật của Chloris
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Chloris’ Pflanzenstudien
|de_tl   = Chloris' Flora Studies
|id      = Studi Flora Chloris
|id_tl   = Chloris' Flora Studies
|pt      = Estudo da Flora de Chloris
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Chloris'in Botanik Çalışmaları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Gli studi botanici di Chloris
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[es:Investigación botánica de Chloris]]
[[pt-br:Estudo da Flora de Chloris]]