{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Chlothar.png
|region           = Khaenri'ah
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Abyss Order
|realname         = Chlothar Alberich
|title            = 
|deceased         = Past
|ancestry         = Alberich Clan
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|siblingNote      = 
|child            = Caribert (NPC)
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm7325686|Andrew Russell]]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/imAndrewRussell/status/1631012651781476353 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = Shinnosuke Ogami ({{ja|拝真之介}})<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/air_ogami/status/1630810359098646530 JP VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Chlothar Alberich''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in {{Quest|Caribert}}.

==Profile==
Chlothar was a member of the [[Alberich Clan]], a branch of nobility in [[Khaenri'ah]]. As a younger man, Chlothar resented the restrictive and predestined nature of his life as a noble, and actively sought out experiences that went against his family's beliefs or bent the rules. At some point, he met a woman from [[Mondstadt]] and fell in love with her, having a child out of wedlock with her named [[Caribert (NPC)|Caribert]]. Due to the scandalous nature of this relationship, Chlothar was unable to openly care for, or be close to, either of them.

Around 500 years before the start of the game, the gods attacked Khaenri'ah and cursed its inhabitants. Chlothar, being a pure-blooded Khaenri'ahn, was cursed with immortality. As Caribert was not pure-blooded, he instead transformed into a [[hilichurl]], entering a state of torpor; it is unknown exactly what happened to Caribert's mother, but by the time Chlothar met the [[Traveler's sibling]], Chlothar had already buried her,<ref group="Note">Chlothar avoids explaining what happened to Caribert's mother. The item description of the [[Strange Mushroom]]s and the Traveler during ''[[Fortune-Mocking Pedigree]]'' both call into question the mushrooms' growing conditions. Watering the field attracted Fungi, which alarmed the Traveler. After waking up, the Traveler dug up the field to find out what was buried underneath. After unearthing the two skeletons, Dainsleif notes that the male skeleton was interred much later than the female one.</ref> and she was still recognizably human when she died.<ref group="Note">After the Traveler and Dainsleif unearth the two skeletons in ''[[Portended Fate]]'', Dainsleif notes that they were a male and a female skeleton. No other remarks were made regarding what the skeletons were of, thus making it unlikely that the female skeleton was not a human skeleton like Chlothar's skeleton presumably was.</ref> Shortly after this, Chlothar met the Traveler's Sibling, first introducing himself as Eide, and worked with them to find a cure for Caribert, eventually discovering an [[Unknown Sanctuary|unknown sanctuary]] where hilichurls were praying to an unknown deity. The experience introduced the sibling to a "[[Sinner]]", whereas Chlothar found himself bowing and praying to the deity. Soon after, they administered another dose of the "forbidden" medicine to Caribert, awakening him, which Chlothar took to be a blessing from the deity and intended to return to it to pray, as he saw it more worthy than the Seven as it answered his pleas. However, when they returned, the deity was nowhere to be seen, so they returned back home, whereupon they discovered Caribert had gone missing.

Finding Caribert standing at the edge of a cliff, the sibling and Chlothar then saw Caribert take off his mask, with the power of the [[Abyss]] spilling out of Caribert, knocking the sibling unconscious. When they came to, Chlothar had become enamored with the [[Abyss]], having known their identity all along. He concluded that only a sinner could obtain salvation from another sinner and that whoever controlled the Abyss could control everything, addressing them as his Prince/Princess. The Traveler's sibling was initially horrified to hear this, but after their journey with [[Dainsleif]], concluded that Chlothar had been correct all along. Chlothar eventually founded the [[Abyss Order]] and had the sibling instated as its Prince/Princess before he went mad roughly 100 years after its founding and seemingly disappeared.

Chlothar's home was eventually abandoned to the wilds, which the [[Traveler]], Dainsleif and [[Paimon]] would return to 500 years after the [[Cataclysm]]. Due to the Abyss Order tampering the Ley Lines in the area, the Traveler was inserted into their sibling's memory and saw what they had witnessed. Remembering what had happened at the nearby field, the Traveler and Dainsleif dug the field open, where they found the skeletal remains of a man and a woman, the former with a silk scarf and having been interred much later. The Traveler believed the male remains to be that of Chlothar, of which Dainsleif mused that he must have found a way to escape the curse.

===Personality===
As a native of Khaenri'ah, Chlothar does not believe in the gods (or, more specifically, [[The Seven]] and the [[Celestia|Heavenly Principles]]), and prides himself on his impious nature. It is unknown exactly how he viewed them before the events of the [[cataclysm]], but he is implied to have been curious enough about them in his youth that he sought out banned texts concerning the [[Lesser Lord Kusanali|God of Wisdom]] in the Royal Library of Khaenri'ah (though, he also states that he primarily did this as an act of rebellion against his family, not necessarily as a true desire to learn more about them). After the Cataclysm, however, he proclaims that not only the gods, but all those who believe in them to be his enemy. This detail is exhibited through his initial hostility towards the [[Traveler's Sibling|Traveler's sibling]], and then again once encountering the [[Forest Rangers]], referring to them as 'spawn of The Seven' and threatening them indiscriminately. However impious Chlothar may be, though, he was still willing to swallow his pride and bow before a Statue of the Seven in a desperate attempt to plead for help for his son, Caribert, who had turned into a [[Hilichurl]] as a result of the curse placed on citizens of Khaenri'ah. He is fiercely protective and loving of Caribert, despite his appearance &mdash; seeing him not only as his son, but the only thing left in his life that has any hope of bringing him joy. 

Due to the effects of [[Erosion]], Chlothar is presented as being rather mentally unstable, and his mood often changes at a moment's notice. He is easily overcome with emotion and feels each very strongly &mdash; whether it is anger, fear, sadness, joy, or even religious fervor. After encountering [[Abyss Herald: Frost Fall]], Chlothar was not afraid, but in awe of the 'perilous yet beautiful' power, referring to it as a 'perfect being', and was instantly at peace upon seeing the large chained crystal, being compelled to kneel before it (something he later implies to not have been aware he was doing). Upon witnessing Caribert speak for the first time, he is overcome with such joy that he immediately abandons his earlier hostility towards all gods, declaring himself to now be devoted to whatever it was that the [[Traveler's Sibling|Traveler's sibling]] and himself witnessed in the Abyss.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
Similar to all pure-blooded Khaenri'ahns, Chlothar has bright, piercing blue eyes with distinct star-shaped irises. He is tall and pale, with a withered face, and short black hair. He wears a purple-and-white robe with a large star on its chest, resembling the appearance of the [[Abyss Lector: Violet Lightning]]. Given his status in Khaenri'ah, these could perhaps be the clothes worn by certain nobility.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events|Eide}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* ''Chlothar'' is a Germanic given name which means "famous warrior." It is most notably the name of {{w|Chlothar I}}, a king of the Franks during the Merovingian dynasty and the father of {{w|Charibert I}}.
* The name Chlothar may also have been selected due to its resemblance to the Greek name {{w|Clotho}}, who in Greek mythology is the youngest of the Three Fates (or Moirai) and has the task of spinning the thread of life. This ties into Chlothar's role as the originator of the Abyss Order's "Loom of Fate" project, which allegedly allows one to "re-weave" their fate.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Flex|
===Chlothar===
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Chlothar
|zhs     = 克洛达尔
|zhs_rm  = Kèluòdá'ěr
|zht     = 克洛達爾
|zht_rm  = Kèluòdá'ěr
|ja      = コロタール
|ja_rm   = Korotaaru
|ko      = 클로타르
|es      = Clotario
|fr      = Chlothar
|ru      = Клотар
|th      = Chlothar
|vi      = Chlothar
|de      = Chlothar
|id      = Chlothar
|pt      = Chlothar
|tr      = Chlothar
|it      = Chlothar
}}
|
===Eide===
{{Other Languages/2|default_hidden=1
|en      = Eide
|zhs     = 埃德
|zhs_rm  = Āidé
|zht     = 埃德
|zht_rm  = Āidé
|ja      = エデ
|ja_rm   = Ede
|ko      = 아이드
|es      = Eide
|fr      = Eide
|ru      = Эйде
|th      = Eide
|vi      = Eide
|de      = Eide
|id      = Eide
|pt      = Eide
|tr      = Eide
|it      = Eide
}}
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}