{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Chongyun
|id             = 368124
|image          = Character Chongyun Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Chongyun''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Evil spirits...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My mantra...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I've heard rumors...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My constitution...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} It's time for training...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Have you been well?
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Heard any new rumors?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Have you been well, (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Strange anecdotes, rumors of evil spirits... If you come across such news, please remember to share them with me.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Hmm. If you ask me, it would be a nice place to settle down in.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' This realm isn't as cool as the snowy mountains, but I don't need to worry about being scorched by the sun or sudden temperature changes.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I can concentrate on training since there's no need to worry about the effects of my yang energy.
::{{DIcon}} Not going to go outside and walk around?
:::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship1 04a.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If I do, I have to carry a parasol around and keep an eye on the sun.
::{{DIcon}} Looks like I won't have to worry about evil spirits in here.
:::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Naturally. I can assure you of that.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Anyway, thank you for inviting me to such a cozy place...
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If you need anything from me, I'll help out.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Alright. I actually just had an infuriating experience.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' It went like this. Not too long ago, I heard someone talking about a book called "Anecdotes of Demons and Oddities." I spent a lot to buy a copy.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Who would've thought that this book was all about some dastardly, immoral villain!
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' It was really hard to control my anger.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' It took half a day to get my breathing and blood pressure under control.
::{{DIcon}} Not quite what was said on the label, huh?
:::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 06a.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' The label...? No, I wasn't bothered by the book's title.
::{{DIcon}} I'll go explain what happened and help you return the book.
:::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 06b.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' That's not it. It's not a matter of Mora...
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' What made me angry was... How could there be such an atrocious person on this earth!?
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If I ran into them, I'd definitely...
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Whoa, whoa... Calm down.
::{{DIcon}} A book's plot is usually made up by its author.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' You mean... this person isn't real?
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But the plot's twists and turns felt like they were unfolding right before my eyes!
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' ...
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' You don't mean... I mistakenly believed...
::{{DIcon}} It's alright, it just means that the author writes very well.
::{{DIcon}} It happens.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' *sigh* I'm sorry... I made a fool of myself.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Uhh... I'd like to invite you to... eat two-flavor hot pot with me.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' You know, because of my constitution, I can't eat food until it has completely cooled down.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I've always thought it was a pity... that I was unable to eat at the same time as you...
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' After much deliberation, I finally thought of a solution in two-flavor hot pot.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' A partition is placed onto a steaming Liyue-style pot to divide the soup into two sides.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' This way, I can enjoy a light soup base even if you have Jueyun Chili soup as yours.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Also, hot pot ingredients are usually thinly sliced, so I can quickly cool them down in a bowl of ice water before eating.
::{{DIcon}} Alright, sounds like it'll be fun.
:::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship3 08a 1.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' You... you already agreed...?
:::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship3 08a 2.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I&mdash;In other words, we can go soon...?
::{{DIcon}} I can have light soup together with you if you like.
:::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship3 08b 1.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Uh... Uhh...
:::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship3 08b 2.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Cooking in the same pot...?
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Uh...
::{{DIcon}} Your face is really red...
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I... I'm fine. I just...
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Everything went better than I thought. I'm a little too happy... I'll be fine in a moment...
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Chongyun.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Good morning, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Do you have any plans today?
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo morning 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If you're looking to train today, or hunt evil spirits, I'll definitely accompany you.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Chongyun.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Good night, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' You head to bed first. Don't worry, I'll rest after another round of practice.
::{{A|vo chongyun mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Phew... This is the last round for today...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Cloudy Haze Dream-Court===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly chongyun bedroom 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' After returning from a long journey, it would feel nice to rest here before heading out again.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly chongyun bedroom 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Weapons can go there, and Sigils can go under my pillow. Mm-hmm.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly chongyun bedroom 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But where should I put my parasol... I suppose I'll just put it by the door.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Iter Ad Astra Abyssosque===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly chongyun adventure 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' How did you know that I was worrying about finding a place to practice?
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly chongyun adventure 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Simple tents... and a traveler's pack... Practicing here would be great.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly chongyun adventure 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Good thinking, setting this up around your house. Many thanks for the trouble you went to.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[it:Chongyun/Compagnia]]
[[ja:重雲/塵歌壺]]
[[ru:Чун Юнь/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Chongyun/Konaklama]]