{{Meta
<!-- REMOVE THIS TEMPLATE AFTER ADDING MISSING INFO -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Chouji.png
|realname         = Zushi Chouji
|region           = Inazuma
|type             = Quest NPC
|mother           = Chouji's Mother
}}
{{Lang|'''Chouji'''|ja=長次}}, full name {{lang|''Zushi Chouji''|ja=頭師長次}},<ref name="unsealed letter">{{Ref/Item|Unsealed Letter}}</ref> is an [[NPC]] in [[Inazuma]], found near [[Jakotsu Mine]].

==Profile==
Chouji and his parents lived in a small village near Jakotsu Mine until the [[Tatarigami]] began making villagers on the island ill. His [[Chouji's Mother|mother]] was infected with the energy, but unlike many other villagers who succumbed to madness, was apparently unaffected. Regardless, she was still inflicted with fever and bleeding, and departed to [[Sumeru]] for treatment.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Pharmacist's Note (II)}}</ref> Although she left the [[Unsealed Letter]] for him informing him of the reason for her departure, it was found and opened by an unidentified figure and left in Jakotsu Mine.<ref name="unsealed letter" />

Chouji would live by himself, seemingly unaffected by the Tatarigami, and believed that his parents were not affected by it. Since then, Chouji has been trying to save up [[Mora]] by selling [[Crystal Marrow]] in order to leave [[Yashiori Island]] and search for his parents.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Gazing Three Thousand Miles Away}}</ref> While Chouji's mother wrote to "Uncle" [[Onitaka]] to take care of her son while she was gone, Onitaka's crew did not arrive to pick him up, as they succumbed to the Tatarigami and would not bring him in until they dealt with the [[Inaba Kyuuzou|samurai]] on the broken boat.

Sometime later, Chouji met the [[Traveler]] and asked them to bring him Crystal Marrow for reasons yet unknown. The Traveler and [[Paimon]] became suspicious and began asking him why he needed it, as it was being monopolized by the Shogunate. Chouji then admitted that he was looking for his parents, and seeing this, the Traveler and Paimon began helping him acquire Crystal Marrow, and he was eventually able to leave [[Yashiori Island]], eventually departing for [[Snezhnaya]] to look for his mother.

===Personality===
When the Traveler and Paimon first meet Chouji, Chouji misleads them by having them retrieve Crystal Marrow in exchange for false information about treasure locations. Despite being a kid, he refuses to be seen as one. Paimon remarks that Chouji seems to have learned shady business practices from the adults around him. Due to the loss of his mother, Chouji became very grown-up, independent, and hesitant to rely on anyone.

After meeting the Traveler, Chouji began opening up to them after seeing they were genuinely willing to help and were only slightly upset with his initial deception. Chouji opens up to the Traveler about his plans to earn enough money to go to Snezhnaya. He refuses to let the Traveler continue to help him, stating he doesn't want to be taken care of.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quest Appearances}}

==Trivia==
*Yasumoto said he would take care of Chouji after "it was all over", however disappeared due to the player's involvement in helping him find a cure.
*It is heavily implied in the [[Nazuchi Beach#Pirate's Diary#2|Pirate's Diaries]] that Chouji's father was not killed, but rather ended up with the very same Pirates that Chouji's mother eventually left for [[Sumeru]] with. However, despite the pirates offering to help him find his wife and son, he declined and left.
**This means that Chouji's father is still implied to be in Inazuma, Chouji's mother is on her way to Sumeru and Chouji himself is headed for Snezhnaya.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Chouji
|zhs     = 长次
|zhs_rm  = Chángcì{{Assumed}}
|zht     = 長次
|zht_rm  = Chángcì{{Assumed}}
|ja      = 長次
|ja_rm   = Chouji
|ko      = 쵸지
|ko_rm   = Chyoji
|es      = Chouji
|fr      = Chouji
|ru      = Тёдзи
|th      = Chouji
|vi      = Chouji
|de      = Chouji
|id      = Chouji
|pt      = Chouji
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}
[[es:Chouji]]