{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Inazuma
|child            = Chouji
}}
'''Chouji's mother''' is an unnamed woman identified only through her relation to [[Chouji]]. She originally lived in [[Higi Village]] alongside her son and husband. After the [[Tatarigami]] outbreak, she departed for [[Sumeru]] to seek a cure for her mysterious condition and to find her missing husband.<ref name="gazing">{{Ref/Quest|Gazing Three Thousand Miles Away}}</ref><ref name="prayers">{{Ref/HEO|Washizu's Prayers}}</ref>

==Profile==
===Personality===
Chouji's mother cares deeply for her family. She refused to give up hope on her husband's survival and grew extremely angry when villagers erected a tombstone in his memory without proof of his death. She embarked on a trip to Sumeru in hopes of finding a cure for her illness and finding her husband, and left the [[Unsealed Letter]] to explain the situation to Chouji and give him words of encouragement.

==Story==
Chouji's mother originally lived with her son and husband in a village near [[Jakotsu Mine]], where her husband was a miner.<ref name="gazing" /><ref name="notebook" /> She worked at [[Tatarasuna]],<ref name="travels">{{Ref/HEO|Chouji's Travels}}</ref> although her job there has not been disclosed. While they lived together, Chouji's mother taught him how to cook various dishes, including [[Imported Poultry]] which they had learned to make from the [[Fontaine]] inventor [[Xavier]].<ref name="gazing" />

Chouji's father disappeared in the chaos of the war between the [[Shogun's Army]] and the [[Watatsumi Army]], while both sides plastered recruitment posters on the wall in front of their home. Chouji's mother often visited local shrines to pray, scattering [[Sakura Bloom]]s around the shrines as an offering.<ref name="tattered">{{Ref/Item|Tattered Paper (Washizu)}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/HEO|Shrines of Yashiori Island}}</ref> When Chouji's father failed to return home, villagers erected a tombstone for him, much to her anger; Chouji remarks that he had never seen her so angry before.<ref name="gazing" />

During the war, the [[Narukami Pillar]]s on Yashiori Island were destroyed by rogue members of the Watatsumi Army, unleashing the full might of the Tatarigami. The situation on Yashiori Island rapidly deteriorated as villagers and soldiers alike descended into madness,<ref>{{Ref/HEO|Tatarigami Investigation Expedition}}</ref> and Chouji's mother was attacked by a villager named Shingo, who believed he was hearing the word of god.<ref name="tattered" /> Additionally, Chouji's mother was infected by the Tatarigami, but its energies did not corrupt her like it did others, instead flowing freely inside her. However, she was still inflicted with a fever and occasional bleeding, so the doctor [[Yasumoto]] referred her to some pirates led by [[Onitaka]] to bring her to [[Sumeru]] in search for treatment for her condition.<ref name="notebook">{{Ref/Item|Pharmacist's Notebook (II)}}</ref><ref name="pirate diary">Interactable: [[Pirate's Diary#Incomplete Notes|Incomplete Notes]] on Nazuchi Beach</ref>

Ten days after the rain caused by the Tatarigami started to fall on Yashiori Island, Chouji's mother left the island for Sumeru.<ref name="gazing" /> She wrote the [[Unsealed Letter]] to Chouji to apologize for her abrupt departure, but the letter somehow ended up hidden away in Jakotsu Mine and never reached Chouji.<ref name="gazing" /> The letter was opened by an unidentified person before the [[Traveler]] chances upon it.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Unsealed Letter}}</ref>

Meanwhile, [[Washizu]], the village's head, was driven insane by the Tatarigami. Like Shingo before him, Washizu set his sights on Chouji's mother because "He" was pleased with her. Her departure for Sumeru enraged him, and he rants to the Traveler about how she couldn't escape from "His" thousands of eyes.<ref name="prayers" /><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Sinister Instruction}}</ref>

==Trivia==
*According to Washizu's Incomplete Register, Chouji's mother is around 32 years old.
*Assuming that Chouji's mother adopted her husband's surname, her surname would be {{lang|Zushi|ja=頭師}}.

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}