{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Wish Types
}}
'''Chronicled Wish''' is an [[Event Wish]] that allows the player to wish for certain rerun [[character]]s and [[weapon]]s.<ref>HoYoverse News: [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/122695 "Chronicled Wish" Rules & FAQ]</ref>

Travelers can obtain random 5{{star}}, 4{{star}}, and 3{{star}} items from "Chronicled Wish." Unlike other Event Wishes, the item list of "Chronicled Wish" includes both 5{{star}} characters and 5{{star}} weapons. It also includes a number of event wish-exclusive characters and weapons.

==Rates==
{|class="wikitable align-center"
!Item !! Base Rate !! Average Rate<br><small>(including Pity)</small>
|-
|5{{star}} Character
|0.6% || 1.6%
|-
|4{{star}} Character or Weapon
|5.1% || 13%
|-
|3{{star}} Weapon
|94.3% || 85.4%
|}

==Rules==
* [[Wish]]es for "Chronicled Wish" require [[Intertwined Fate]]s. Before wishing, the player must choose their "Chronicled Path" by selecting a 5{{star}} character or weapon from the list of 5{{star}} items.
** If the Designated Item is a character, the 5{{star}} items obtained in the Wish will all be characters.
** If the Designated Item is a weapon, the 5{{star}} items obtained in the Wish will all be weapons.
* There are guarantees for both the 5{{star}} and 4{{star}} items in the Wish. A maximum of 90 wishes conducted will secure a 5{{star}} item through the guarantee.
** When a 5{{star}} item obtained in this Event Wish, there is a 50.000% chance it will be the Designated Item.
** The player is ''guaranteed'' to win a 4{{star}} or above item ''at least once'' every 10 attempts.
** The wish guarantee count will ''continue'' to accumulate within "Chronicled Wish," and will ''carry over'' to the next "Chronicled Wish."
*** The wish guarantee count for "Chronicled Wish" is ''independent'' of the guarantee counts for other types of Wishes.
* The items in each different "Chronicled Wish" period may change. For details, please stay tuned for "Chronicled Wish" event notices.
** Only [[Character/List#Event Exclusive Characters|event exclusive]] 5{{star}} characters that have already appeared in the "[[Character Event Wish]]" or "[[Character Event Wish-2]]" at least 2 times and have also not appeared in any recent Event Wishes will appear in "Chronicled Wish."<ref>HoYoLAB: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/25616093 "Chronicled Wish" Rules & FAQ], December 30, 2024 Update</ref>
** Event exclusive 5{{star}} characters that have already appeared in "Chronicled Wish" may still appear in future "Chronicled Wishes" or other types of Event Wishes.
* "Chronicled Wish" events will be available from time to time. Please stay tuned to the official news for detailed information about when they will be available.

===Chronicled Path===
* After choosing a 5{{star}} item as the Designated Item, if a 5{{star}} item obtained was not their Designated Item, 1 Fate Point will received.
** Once the player has reached the ''maximum'' amount of Fate Points (1 Fate Point), the next 5{{star}} item they obtain through this Wish is ''guaranteed'' to be their Designated Item.
* Obtaining the current Designated Item or changing the choice will reset the Fate Points to 0.
* Fate Points will not be carried over to the next "Chronicled Wish." Fate Points will be reset to 0 when the current "Chronicled Wish" ends.

==Wish History==
{{Wish History Table|Chronicled Wishes}}

==Trivia==
* Due to the rules lacking careful consideration, the rules were loosened to allow for [[Shenhe]]'s inclusion in the second appearance of Chronicled Wish.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/8XuME9bKqBs?t=2150 Version 5.3 Special Program] (Timestamp: 35:50)</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Chronicled Wish
|zhs      = 集录祈愿
|zhs_rm   = Jílù Qíyuàn
|zht      = 集錄祈願
|zht_rm   = Jílù Qíyuàn
|zh_tl    = Chronicle Wish
|ja       = 集録祈願
|ja_rm    = Shuuroku Kigan
|ja_tl    = Chronicle Wish
|ko       = 묶음 기원
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Gachapón recopilatorio
|es_tl    = Compilation Gachapon
|fr       = Vœux nostalgie
|fr_tl    = Nostalgia Wish
|ru       = Молитва хроник
|ru_tl    = Prayer of Chronicles
|th       = การอธิษฐานรวมปรารถนา
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Sử Ký Cầu Nguyện
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Kollektionsgebet
|de_tl    = Collection Prayer
|id       = Chronicled Wish
|pt       = Registro de Oração
|pt_tl    = Registry of Prayer
|tr       = Nostaljik Dilek
|tr_tl    = Nostalgic Wish
|it       = Desiderio delle cronache
|it_tl    = Wish of the Chronicles
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Wish Navbox}}

[[Category:Chronicled Wishes| ]]

[[fr:Vœux nostalgie]]
[[ja:集録祈願]]
[[pt-br:Registro de Oração]]
[[tr:Nostaljik dilek]]