{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03002
|image         = Archon Quest C3A1 Chronic Illness.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|actNum        = I
|act           = Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark
|part          = 3
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Amir; Nasrin; Tighnari; Traveler; Paimon
|startLocation = [[Gandharva Ville]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Gandharva Ville
|prev          = Further Observation
|next          = Silent Seeker of Knowledge
|exp           = 575
|mora          = 22,775
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}} {{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Chronic Illness|chapter=3|act=1|part=3}}

==Steps==
# Go see [[Collei]]
# Follow [[Tighnari]] to discuss the details elsewhere
# Collect herbs together with Tighnari
# Collect [[Fresh Nilotpala Lotus]]es nearby
#* Collect four Fresh Nilotpala Lotuses
# Meet up with Tighnari
# Talk to [[Amir]]
# Go to the [[Withering Zone]]
# Help Tighnari clear the Withering Zone
#*{{Enemy|Floating Hydro Fungus|x=4}}
#*{{Enemy|Grounded Hydroshroom|x=1}}
# Return to [[Gandharva Ville]]
# Go and rescue [[Haypasia]]
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
* 
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Yesterday did not quite end so well, so you and Paimon decide to go check on Collei.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon starting the quest)
:{{A|vo xmaq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Paimon was thinking all night about what happened with Collei, and still can't figure out what the problem might be.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe she's in a better mood now... Let's go check on her.

;(Approach Tighnari)
:{{A|vo xmaq003 2 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ah, it's you two. I was just about to go look for you.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Tighnari, what're you doing here? Where's Collei?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 2 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I came to check on Collei's condition. To put it simply, she's not well.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean she's sick? How could she be... Oh, wait a minute, could it be because of what Paimon did yesterday?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 2 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' No, no need to worry. Something as small as you could never harm her. This sickness is something that Collei has been dealing with for some time.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 2 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Collei has been more excited than usual since you two arrived &mdash; a little too much so, to be honest. She hasn't remembered to take care of herself.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 2 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' *sigh* I suppose it's understandable, though. She hasn't been around anyone she considered a friend for some time now. It must have been refreshing for her to have you two here.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, Tighnari, what's really wrong with Collei...?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 2 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ahem, let's take this conversation elsewhere. Collei just fell asleep after taking her medicine. She needs some peace and quiet.

;(Check Collei)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq003 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shhh! Collei's asleep! Let's come back once she's feeling better.
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright, let's continue our conversation here, shall we?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' To be honest, I hadn't realized that you're that Honorary Knight from [[Mondstadt]] until Collei told me just now. I've also heard all about your deeds in [[Liyue]] and [[Inazuma]].
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' So, just to clarify, what I'm about to tell you about Collei is not because of who you are or your past feats. Instead, I am going to tell you because...
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Well, because Collei asked me to.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' And honestly speaking, I was against Collei revealing her past to you.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' But, she insisted, saying you two treated her with sincerity and as a friend. So now she wishes to reciprocate the gesture.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Tighnari, what exactly is wrong with Collei? You said this is something she's been dealing with for some time. Just how serious is it?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Right, ever since she was a child, she's been afflicted with a disease called [[Eleazar]].
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eleazar?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yes, it's a disease unique to the lands of Sumeru. It is characterized by dark and hardened scales that form on the body.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' At first, the afflicted may only feel mild numbness on affected areas of the skin. However, as the disease progresses, one may begin feeling fatigued and even experience peripheral paresthesia.<ref>Numbness, pain or weakness in limbs</ref>
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' In its final stages, the disease strips a person of the ability to control their own body, and they effectively become completely immobile.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds terrifying!
:{{DIcon}} They'll lose all control over their body!?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, hold on! So when Collei seemed to be acting a little clumsy earlier, it was because...
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Correct. That would be the effects of Eleazar, which is precisely why I do not want her carrying or holding anything, lest she ends up hurting herself.
:{{DIcon}} So is there any cure for Eleazar?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' With appropriate treatment, the disease can be effectively controlled before it progresses to a more serious stage. However, there is, unfortunately, still no true cure for Eleazar.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 13.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Nevertheless, Collei's mother still hoped that there was something out there. She handed Collei over to an organization known as the [[Fatui]] after one of their members lied and said they had a cure.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? The Fatui!?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 14.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ah, it appears you are already familiar with them. That'll save me some explanation.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 15.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Anyway, the person who eventually rescued Collei and brought her to me for care said that she had been given to a Harbinger known as "[[Il Dottore|The Doctor]]."
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 16.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I have no idea how this "Doctor" managed to do it, but her case of Eleazar was completely stable for all the years that Collei was with them.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 17.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' However, Collei's days with the Fatui were anything but pleasant.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 18.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Collei is a resilient individual and always tries to appear cheerful, but her experience with the Fatui has left deep scars. Even now, she can still feel deathly afraid of someone touching her.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, Paimon had no idea Collei's been through so much suffering...
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 19.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Oh, by the way, Paimon, Collei wanted me to tell you that she's sorry for scaring you yesterday. She also wanted both of you to know that she's sorry for hiding her illness.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She doesn't need to apologize. None of this is her fault at all!
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 20.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Well said. I hope you'll get a chance to tell her that in person the next time you see her.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 21.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Collei once thought that it would be impossible for her to have any real friendships... I trust that you two will never let my trainee experience such emotional pain again.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, Tighnari! We'll take good care of her!
:{{DIcon}} How's Collei's condition now?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 22.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Well, it's not too serious at this point. She over-exerted herself the last couple of days, which is what led to her break down this time. As long as she has taken her medicine and gets plenty of rest, she should get better.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 23.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Though, I must admit that Collei's condition was much more stable when she first arrived here in [[Gandharva Ville]].
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 24.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' She was interested in the work of the [[Forest Rangers]] the moment she saw us. I could see that she was serious about learning, so I felt compelled to ask her to join us.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 25.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Her stamina has gotten much worse recently. Though a moderate amount of physical exercise is always necessary, I'm afraid the long-distance patrols are a little too much for her now.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 26.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright, now that I've told you about Collei's past, I think I'll head into the rainforest to find some ingredients needed for her medicine. I'll see you two later.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, can we come along?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! We'd like to do something to help Collei, too!
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 27.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright, but I must warn you two, the rainforest is a dangerous place, especially for someone who's still recovering, like the Traveler. You must follow closely and listen to every instruction.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No problemo!
:{{A|vo xmaq003 3 tighnari 28.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Let's go then. We'll be looking for a plant known as [[Nilotpala Lotus]]. It's often used to help those afflicted with Eleazar recover their energy.
----
:{{A|vo xmaq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey Tighnari, where exactly are we going to find this plant?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 4 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Nilotpala Lotuses can be found all over the rainforest, but it often grows right here around Gandharva Ville.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, given the name, it sounds like we should be looking for it in the water.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 4 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You are correct, Nilotpala Lotus grows in the water. When fully matured, they look like giant blue flowers floating on the water's surface. Quite an attractive species, if you ask me.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 4 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The large petals are actually the plant's leaves and sepals<ref>Typically green, leaf-like flower parts that protect the petals</ref> which surround a very small flower.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 4 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You should note that many of the plants found in Sumeru have names that are contrary to their species.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 4 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Take the [[Kalpalata Lotus|Kalpalata]], for example. The plant is not a lotus at all, but rather a vine. And then there's the [[Sumeru Rose]], which is not a rose, completely contrary to its name...
:{{A|vo xmaq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, huh... okay then.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Note to Paimon: never bring up the topic of flowers with Tighnari.
----
;(Approach the marked spot)<!--only the yellow waypoint, not the blue areas-->
:{{A|vo xmaq003 5 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' There should be Nilotpala Lotuses growing somewhere in this area. Let's split up and begin searching.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 5 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If you could manage to gather four of them, that would be sufficient.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 5 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' We'll rendezvous here once you've gathered the needed amount.

;(Collecting all of the Nilotpala Lotuses)
:{{A|vo xmaq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, we've gathered enough Nilotpala Lotuses. Let's head back to meet Tighnari.

;(Talk to Tighnari)
:{{A|vo xmaq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey Tighnari, we found the lotuses you requested.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 7 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Let me take a look... Hmm, good, very good. These are all excellent quality.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 7 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm quite glad you two came along, your exploration experience helped save me a lot of time here. It seems we even have enough time to stock up on some other things I need...
:{{A|vo xmaq003 7 amir 01.ogg}} '''Amir:''' Hey! Tighnari!
:{{A|vo xmaq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Tighnari, someone's calling your name. They're dressed like a forest ranger.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 7 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ah, yes, that's Amir and the others. But didn't they just set off not too long ago? What are they doing back so early?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 7 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Let's go find out what's going on.

;(Approach Amir)
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 amir 01.ogg}} '''Amir:''' Tighnari, thank goodness we found you here. We were just about to head back and find you at Gandharva Ville.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' What's going on?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 nasrin 01.ogg}} '''Nasrin:''' We just discovered a Withering Zone.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' [[The Withering]] is back!? But the patrol route you were on should have been already cleared just a week ago. It reappeared so quickly...
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Can you tell me the exact location?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 amir 02.ogg}} '''Amir:''' It's up ahead, deep in the river valley. It's appeared in a spot that blocks nearly the entire narrow part of the valley area, so we decided to come find you as quickly as possible.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' And the radius of the contamination?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 amir 03.ogg}} '''Amir:''' Sorry, I couldn't get a clear enough view to tell.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 nasrin 02.ogg}} '''Nasrin:''' No one in our patrol team had a [[Vision]], and it appeared to still be spreading, so we didn't risk getting any closer.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 tighnari 05a.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Okay, I understand. You made the right decision. I'll go deal with it right away. In the meantime, please guide these two back to Gandharva Ville.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Tighnari! Why don't you let us help you?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 amir 04.ogg}} '''Amir:''' You two have only just arrived in Sumeru. You're still unfamiliar with many things in these lands.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 amir 05.ogg}} '''Amir:''' There's a unique type of anomaly that occurs in the Sumeru rainforest. It's called "The Withering."
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 amir 06.ogg}} '''Amir:''' The affected areas not only cause nearby vegetation to wither, but it's also lethal to wildlife and even people. If you don't carry a Vision, then you should think twice before approaching such places.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yes, Amir is absolutely right. I wasn't kidding when I said the rainforest is a dangerous place.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' As Amir said, only someone with a Vision &mdash; that is, the power to manipulate elements &mdash; will be able to resist The Withering's corrosive effects for a time.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 amir 07.ogg}} '''Amir:''' That's right. If any of the Forest Rangers without a Vision come across a Withering Zone, we first make a record of the location and then have a ranger with the proper abilities deal with it, like Tighnari here.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 amir 08.ogg}} '''Amir:''' Only someone with a Vision can venture within a Withering Zone and find a way to deal with it.
:{{DIcon}} I might be able to help with this.
:{{DIcon}} I can also control the elements.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 amir 09.ogg}} '''Amir:''' But, you don't seem to carry a Vision...
:{{A|vo xmaq003 8 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq003 8 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, {{MC|he|she}} may not have a Vision, but {{MC|he|she}}'s a real pro at using the power of the elements.
;(If the player hasn't completed [[The Children of Vimara Village]])
::{{A|vo xmaq003 8 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hmm, it seems the rumors about you are true then. In that case... Alright, you two may accompany me.
::{{A|vo xmaq003 8 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' We typically only teach visitors how to identify The Withering as they're about to leave Gandharva Ville. We'll make an exception today and show you what it looks like up close.
;(If the player has completed The Children of Vimara Village)
::{{A|vo xmaq003 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't sweat it, we've helped others deal with similar situations before.
::{{A|vo xmaq003 8 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Wait, you've met other Forest Rangers before? I was planning to properly show you both how to identify The Withering before you left Gandharva Ville.
::{{A|vo xmaq003 8 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Anyway, since you two are experienced adventurers, come with me, I'm sure you'll both be able to help.

----
;(Approach the marked area)
;(If the player hasn't completed The Children of Vimara Village)
::{{A|vo xmaq003 9 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Stop, don't move any further. Look there, in the distance.
::{{A|vo xmaq003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, where? Oh! Look, those plants have withered... That whole area is kinda gloomy. Even the air looks like it's filled with ash.
::{{A|vo xmaq003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon doesn't like the look of this.
::{{A|vo xmaq003 9 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' That is The Withering.
::{{A|vo xmaq003 9 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright, Traveler, we're going to have to enter that Withering Zone. Once inside, we'll need to look for what we call [[Tumor of the Withering|Tumors of The Withering]]. If we eliminate those, then the area will be saved.
::{{DIcon}} Gotcha, let's do this.
::{{A|vo xmaq003 9 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Thank you. But I must warn you, don't push yourself. This is your first time handling this sort of thing, after all.
::{{A|vo xmaq003 9 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Even with elemental powers, once you step inside the Withering Zone, you may experience extreme discomfort. If at any point it becomes too much, return outside the zone and take a breather. It could become a matter of life and death.
;(If the player has completed The Children of Vimara Village)
::{{A|vo xmaq003 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, look! That gloomy area over there looks like a Withering Zone.
::{{A|vo xmaq003 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even though Paimon's seen one before, it's still kinda scary...
::{{A|vo xmaq003 9 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright Traveler, we're about to enter the Withering Zone. Since you already have experience dealing with these things, you should already know what to do.
::{{A|vo xmaq003 9 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' But please remember, don't push yourself. If at any point it becomes too much, return outside the zone and take a breather. It could become a matter of life and death.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 9 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You ready, then? Let's go!

:{{A|vo xmaq003 10 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' First, we must locate any branches sustaining the Withering Zone.

;(After destroying the Withering Branches)
:{{A|vo xmaq003 10 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Great work. Now that all the branches have been cleared, we'll need to take care of the tumor.

;(After defeating the enemy)
:{{A|vo xmaq003 10 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Now! Destroy the Tumor of the Withering!

;(After destroying the tumor)
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We did it! Everything's returning to normal now!
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yes, thanks to you two, we were able to quickly restore this area back to normal...
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, Tighnari? You make it sound like we did well, but why does Paimon have the feeling you're worried about something?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It's that obvious, huh? Alright, it's like this...
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Recently, the rate at which the Withering Zone appears has been increasing. Even though we were able to quickly clear that Withering Zone, it won't be long before another one appears.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If that simply meant more work for me, then that wouldn't be an issue... But it's far more severe than that. The Withering is leaving lasting effects on the rainforest itself.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' For instance, even though we cleared out the Withering Zone, many of the plants that were affected will not recover.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' This presents a crisis for the ecosystem itself. Many plants in the rainforest are already in decline, directly impacting the wildlife that depends on those plants.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' And most disturbingly... as the appearances of Withering Zones have started to increase, Collei's case of Eleazar has also become more serious.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? But why's that?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm still not sure of the exact reason. However, I've received word from acquaintances at the Akademiya that similar cases are being reported for patients with other conditions.
:{{DIcon}} Is there no way to permanently get rid of The Withering?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' No, none that we know of. The Withering has been recorded in Sumeru for millennia. It's said that it originates from the depths of the world.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' By the way, have you heard of [[Irminsul]] before?
:{{DIcon}} No, I haven't.
:{{DIcon}} I think I've heard it somewhere before.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Irminsul is a tree located deep beneath the surface. Although it isn't like any tree we know in a biological sense, you can basically think of it as a large tree that grows downwards rather than upwards.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm sure you've heard of [[Ley Lines]], right? They're like the roots of Irminsul, spreading and extending from a massive cavern deep underground all the way up to the surface.
:'''(Traveler):''' (Spreading and extending, a massive cavern... Sounds a lot like what I saw when I lost consciousness in the cave.)
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 13.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ley Lines continually absorb the memories of this world, which are then funneled into Irminsul, allowing it to collect knowledge and wisdom from ancient times to present day.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 14.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The Dendro Archon is known as the God of Wisdom because her consciousness is directly connected to it. It is also said that the Dendro Archon's power is a manifestation of Irminsul.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 15.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' And as for The Withering, its emergence is related to a disease that's affecting it.
:{{DIcon}} Huh? You mean Irminsul is sick?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 16.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' That's right. My ancestors learned of this from [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]]'s familiars a long time ago, but even those mysterious creatures did not know of a cure for Irminsul.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 17.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm afraid we rangers will be battling the Withering Zones here for a long time until a cure is found.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 11 tighnari 18.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright, that's enough on this topic for the time being. Now that we've taken care of things here, it's time for us to head back to Gandharva Ville.
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 amir 01.ogg}} '''Amir:''' Oh, Tighnari, you all made it back! How did it go?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The Withering Zone you reported has been taken care of. No need to worry.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Huh? Wait, is that...?
:{{color|menu|A messenger Dusk Bird is perching on a stand nearby.}}
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Oh no! [[Haypasia]]!
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's wrong, Tighnari?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' This [[Dusk Bird]] is Haypasia's designated courier for urgent news. You do remember her, don't you? She's the scholar you and Paimon were following when you first arrived in Sumeru.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, her! How could we forget! Uh, so did something happen?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Let me see what's written in the letter first. Uh...
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what's it say? And what's with that weird expression on your face? Ugh, just let Paimon read it...
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Uh, all Paimon sees are three squiggly lines...
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' *sigh* Yes, allow me to explain. After we brought you from Haypasia's cave to Gandharva Ville, Haypasia resumed her meditation.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' She must have just finished. It's been nearly three days since she's had anything to eat, and it appears she's forgotten to prepare some rations. This letter is her asking us for help, we need to go.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? You mean she's been sitting there for three days!? Hey wait, how did you know all that from just a few lines on the paper?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Well, obviously because this has happened before... Last time she drew five lines, and by the time we found her... Ahem, well, I'd prefer not to remember that.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Needless to say, Haypasia's been through worse, but we should still get to her as quickly as possible.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I've got some emergency rations set aside for times like these. Paimon, Traveler, could you two bring these to her?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 paimon 06a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you want us to bring her the rations? But will (Traveler) be okay if her cave is still filled with that funny incense?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Let's find out. Here, (Traveler), take a smell and see.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' So, how do you feel?
:{{DIcon}} Hmm, it's a light and refreshing fragrance.
:{{DIcon}} No unusual feelings this time.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Really? You're not feeling even a little drowsy?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 paimon 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq003 12 paimon 08b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But wait, how'd you know that {{MC|he|she}}'d be okay this time, Tighnari?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 13a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 13b.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Back when we were clearing the Withering Zone, I observed that {{MC|he|she}} could adeptly manipulate the Dendro element. I knew then that {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} would be fine.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 14.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' (Traveler), and if I may ask, when I was telling you two about Irminsul's Ley Lines, was what I described similar at all to what you saw when you were unconscious?
:{{DIcon}} What I saw weren't hallucinations, were they?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 15.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' That's correct, those weren't hallucinations at all, though I don't intend to apologize for deceiving you...
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 16.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Because what you saw is of significant importance, not just for the nation of Sumeru, but the entire world of Teyvat.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 17.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' My forefathers were shown much favor by Greater Lord Rukkhadevata. We took an oath to protect this nation together with her. Now that that duty has fallen to me, it was a part of my responsibilities to ascertain whether you could be entrusted with the fate of Sumeru.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 18.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Now, after seeing you in action with my own eyes, you have earned my confidence, and I no longer feel the need to hide any secrets from you.
:{{DIcon}} So what exactly was it that I saw?
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 19.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' When you passed out, your consciousness had connected directly with Irminsul. What you witnessed were actually real memories contained within Irminsul itself.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 20.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I could try to tell you more, but it would be better if you went to ask Haypasia instead. Her focus on meditation and use of [[Spirit Borneol]] are aimed at establishing a connection with Irminsul, just as you did.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, that sounds nice and all, but will she really help us? Seriously, she completely ignored us the last time we tried talking to her!
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 21.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' That was because when you ran into her, she was in a special phase of her training. During that time, she must avoid communicating with others.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 22.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Please, wait here for a moment.
:{{color|menu|Tighnari leaves for a few moments...}}
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 23.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Here, take these. It's a meal I packed for Haypasia, as well as some other ingredients. I'm sure it'll come in handy.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 24.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Also, here's a letter that I would like you to give to her. Just show it to her, and she'll answer any questions you may have.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 tighnari 25.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' No, I should be the one thanking you. You've both been a great help these last few days.
;(Obtain [[Box Lunch from Tighnari]] and [[Letter to Haypasia]])

;(Talk to Tighnari again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq003 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Anyway, please take good care of Haypasia.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq003 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'll go prepare Collei's medicine now. Using the Nilotpala Lotuses while they're still fresh will significantly boost their effectiveness.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq003 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Rest assured, Collei will recover quickly as long as she has her medicine.
----
;(Approach the cave)
:{{A|vo xmaq003 12 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haypasia should still be in the cave. Let's go inside and see how she's doing!
;(Quest completes upon reaching the marked spot)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Tighnari remarks that the Traveler is skilled at using {{Dendro}} even if the player's [[Traveler]] character has never resonated with Dendro. As the Traveler's resonance with Dendro is important to the events of Chapter III, and given that players who have never touched a Statue of The Seven in Dharma Forest are forced to not only do so but also resonate their Traveler characters with Dendro in ''[[Further Observation]]'', it is likely that the Traveler resonates with Dendro in-universe no later than ''Further Observation''.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Chronic Illness
|zhs     = 痼疾
|zhs_rm  = Gùjí
|zht     = 痼疾
|zht_rm  = Gùjí
|zh_tl   = Chronic Illness
|ja      = 痼疾
|ja_rm   = Koshitsu
|ja_tl   = Chronic Illness
|ko      = 고질병
|ko_rm   = Gojilbyeong
|ko_tl   = Chronic Illness
|es      = Una enfermedad crónica
|es_tl   = A Chronic Illness
|fr      = Maladie chronique
|fr_tl   = Chronic Illness
|ru      = Хроническая болезнь
|ru_tl   = Chronic Illness
|th      = โรคเรื้อรัง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bệnh Nan Y
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Hartnäckige Krankheit
|de_tl   = Tenacious Illness
|id      = Penyakit Kronis
|id_tl   = Chronic Illness
|pt      = Doença crônica
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kronik Hastalık
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Malattia cronica
|it_tl   = Chronic Illness
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter III}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 3]]

[[es:Una enfermedad crónica]]
[[ja:痼疾]]