{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Chuychu.png
|pronunciation    = {{w|Help:IPA/English|/kuˈiːtʃi/}} {{w|Help:Pronunciation respelling key|''koo-EE-chee''}}<ref>{{Ref/Quest|To Reclaim an Ancient Name}}</ref>
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Died from injuries caused by Abyssal power during ''[[Despair Engulfs the Heavens]]''<ref>{{Ref/Item|Record Penned by All|quote = '''Record Penned by All:''' (What follows is a list of names of the deceased, dense as a forest, written by those who mourn them. You see many a familiar name on it.)<br>'''Record Penned by All:''' (Wayta, Vichama, Batz, Tlilhua, Chuychu, Hunza...)}}</ref>
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Flower-Feather Clan
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = [[Cusco]]
|mother           = Unnamed
|motherRef        = <ref>{{Ref/Quest|Time for the Showdown}}</ref>
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = Chasca
|siblingNote      = adoptive older sister
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/多多poi Duoduo Poi ({{zh|多多poi}})]<ref>Bilibili: [https://b23.tv/OiQHeSU CN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Saya Horigome|Horigome Saya ({{ja|堀籠沙耶}})}}<ref>Twitter: [https://x.com/saya_horigome/status/1832588696941686973 JP VA Announcement]</ref>
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Chuychu''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Echoes of Life}}.

She was the daughter of [[Cusco]] and the younger sister of [[Chasca]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
In her youth, Chuychu's parents adopted Chasca, resulting in her being her younger "sister." Due to Chasca causing fights due to a rare disease afflicting her, Chuychu would often be with her, apologizing to others for her actions, though their arguing was later revealed to be a way to keep Chasca's emotions in check. Chuychu would later use her skills to become an expert in handling [[Abyss|Abyssal]] corruption, treating many patients that had been afflicted by the Abyss.

When Chuychu learned that Chasca was attempting to enter the [[Night Kingdom]], she went to [[Wayna]] to speak with him just as they returned. The two began arguing, though Chuychu eventually relented and agreed to support her older sister.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|To Reclaim an Ancient Name}}</ref> After they returned from the Night Kingdom with [[Kachina]], Chuychu treated the group and was notably interested in the [[Traveler]]'s constitution, as they were able to resist its corrosion.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Past and Future}}</ref>

After [[Ororon]] was acknowledged by his [[Ancient Name]], the Abyss began to attack in greater frequency, prompting Chuychu to accompany her sister to assist people stuck in the wilds. They spotted a group of [[Fatui]] defending them from the monsters, after which they heard them mention [[Capitano|The Captain]] and decided to trail them back to their base. Chasca initially wanted to infiltrate the base alone, but Chuychu forced her to take her with him, and she assisted her by observing the Fatui's movements. Eventually, they discovered they were searching for the Source Mechanism, though they were soon spotted and returned to the Stadium, where she had hurt herself from exhaustion.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Flickering Light Splits in Twain}}</ref>

Chasca then brought Chuychu back to their home, after which the Abyss launched a massive attack on the entire nation. The two raced back to the stadium, where they were ambushed by monsters. Chuychu was infested with abyssal energy and unresponsive by the time the Traveler and Paimon discovered them. They purified the energy from her and allowed her to regain consciousness, but it had already corroded her too much. Chuychu thanked Chasca for being her older sister and that she was proud of her before passing away, much to their horror. The Traveler's presence allowed Chasca to control her grief, resulting in her being acknowledged by her own Ancient Name. Chasca brought Chuychu's body to the stadium, where those present gave their condolences and promised her a proper burial. After helping to unleash the power of the divine throne, Chasca expresses her gratitude to the Traveler for giving Chuychu a chance to say goodbye to her properly.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Despair Engulfs the Heavens}}</ref>

The Traveler later finds her name among those memorialized in the [[Record Penned by All]].

Chuychu's death would cause a great impact in the Flower-Feather Clan, as the chief [[Mutota]] tried to call her to help after the invasion, only to remember that she had died during it. Cusco also worries about Chasca's behavior following her death, believing that she was being more reckless than normal.

At some point after the battle, Chuychu's spirit arrived at the Night Kingdom, where she met with Chasca in a dream. She had been pleased to see how she had matured in the face of her death. When the Traveler entered the Night Kingdom to destroy [[Gosoythoth]], Chuychu provided them aid in the form of a [[Qucusaurus]] and [[Iktomisaurus]] to navigate destroyed terrain.

===Appearance===
<!--Chuychu is wearing a long white cape with turquoise and pink accents. The cape has geometric patterns on the edges. Underneath she wears a short pink top with a heart pattern and dark brown leggings with triangle patterns. On her feet she has white ankle-high boots with pink accents and lacing. Chuychu's hair is dark brown, slicked back, with a few loose strands falling to her shoulders. She also has small horn ornaments on her head.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
* {{Wt|k'uychi|K'uychi}} means "rainbow" in {{w|Quechuan languages|Quechua}} and is also the God of rainbow in {{w|Inca religion}}.
* Chuychu shares her Chinese voice actor, Duoduo poi, with [[Paimon]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Chuychu
|zhs     = 葵可
|zhs_rm  = Kuíkě
|zht     = 葵可
|zht_rm  = Kuíkě
|ja      = クイク
|ko      = 추이추
|es      = Chuychú
|fr      = Chuychu
|ru      = Куичи
|th      = Chuychu
|vi      = Chuychu
|de      = Chuychu
|id      = Chuychu
|pt      = Chuychu
|tr      = Chuychu
|it      = Chuychu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Chuychú]]
[[vi:Chuychu]]