{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = Deepwood Memories Equipment Card.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Sumeru

|affiliation      = Dharma Forest
|title            = Squire
|ancestry         =
}}
'''Cinnamon''', whose real name is unknown, was the squire of [[Viaghara]], the Lord of the Forest and also the first maiden to follow in his footsteps.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Labyrinth Wayfarer}}</ref>

==Profile==
Cinnamon is believed to be named after the crown [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] bestowed upon Viaghara. However, Cinnamon's true name is kept to herself and is currently unknown.

===Appearance===
Cinnamon appears to be wearing the [[Laurel Coronet]], a royal heirloom which had been passed down to her. She has long brownish hair and a green dress with the [[Scholar of Vines]] pinned on her left. She also has a face veil.

==Story==
There are some variations of Cinnamon's story. In a version known by humans, often regarded as a fairytale, Cinnamon was a princess who left her palace with Viaghara.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Children of Vimara Village}}</ref>

However, in a version narrated by most likely an [[Aranara]], Cinnamon was once a young girl who stumbled into the forest and encountered Viaghara. He made Cinnamon his squire and allowed the forest to be open to her.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|King's Squire}}</ref>

Before Cinnamon met her fate with Viaghara, a lost child had entered the forest. There, she would pass the teachings of the forest to the child, who would in turn pass them to many others who stumbled into the forest.

It is assumed that Cinnamon has died prior to the current events of the game, but how she died is currently unknown.

==Legacy==
Her teachings were passed on to children who became the guardians of the forest, the royal guards of Viaghara. After the forest labyrinth was destroyed during the [[cataclysm]], the guardians of the forest would pass on the forest's language to their successors in order to protect it. Today, those successors are now known as the [[Forest Rangers]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Into the Woods}}</ref>

==Gallery==
===Genius Invokation TCG===
{{Genius Invokation TCG Cards by Featured Gallery}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en        = Cinnamon
|zhs       = 辛娜梦
|zhs_rm    = Xīnnàmèng
|zht       = 辛娜夢
|zht_rm    = Xīnnàmèng
|ja        = シンナモン
|ja_rm     = Shinnamon
|ko        = 시나몬
|es        = Canela
|fr        = Cinnamon
|ru        = Синнамон
|th        = Cinnamon
|vi        = Cinnamon
|de        = Cinnamon
|id        = Cinnamon
|pt        = Cinnamon
|tr        = Cinnamon
|it        = Cinnamon
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}