{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Quote|A legendary shaman from the Masters of the Night-Wind, known throughout Natlan as the eminent "Granny Itztli." Not one to be messed with, but also the first person all turn to when trouble arises.|Description from the Official Website<ref>Official Genshin Impact Website: [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/character/Natlan?char=6 Citlali]</ref>}}
==Personality==
{{Quote|The great shaman from the Masters of the Night-Wind, the universally-revered Granny Itztli.|In-game character attributes and profile page text}}
She serves as a high priestess of the Mictlan tribe in Natlan and is renowned for her accurate predictions, earning her the affectionate nickname "Granny Itztli" among the Natlanese. 

Her decision to live in seclusion suggests a preference for solitude and introspection, allowing her to focus on her divinations and maintain a strong connection with the celestial forces she interprets.  

Citlali has a strong connection to her adopted grandson [[Ororon]] and feels responsible for his well-being. This suggests a past incident that has shaped her personality and motivations. This connection to Ororon, combined with her role as a guardian, indicates a deep sense of compassion and responsibility that drives her actions.

Citlali has a short temper and generally scolds those that do something wrong, often expressing it with a harsh sting in her words and a stoic face. Deep down however, Citlali cares for those who she sees as her friends, especially the [[Traveler]]. However, she is afflicted with something that appears to prevent her from aging, and Citlali tries to avoid bonding with others out of a fear of getting too close to them when they died, as evidenced with an unnamed girl (who she brushed off as "annoying" out of habit)<ref name="teaser">YouTube: [https://youtube.com/watch?v=aac4tq2Y7MQ Character Teaser - "Citlali: The Gaze of the Stars"]</ref> and [[Huitzilin]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Color of Memory}}</ref>

She tends to stay at home, only coming out when something requires her utmost attention. Often while she is not outside, Citlali tends to binge on light novels from [[Inazuma]] and eat snacks. She is also an avid drinker.

==Appearance==
{{See also|Dawnseer}}
Citlali is a pale-skinned woman who uses the [[:Category:Medium Female Characters|medium female]] model. She has long pastel purple hair with the ends fading into dark pastel pink and then dark purple. She sports dark blue eyes which fade into a lighter blue and pink pupils.

==Official Introduction==
<!-- Article from Hoyolab -->
{{Official Introduction
|title     =The Vivid Night-Wind Flows, Obsidian Reflects the Heart
|link      = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/35178171
|character = Citlali
}}
{{Quote|"I've always thought that Citlali was chief material, and that she'd take that role on eventually. But two hundred years on, and she's still as unenthused about going outside as ever! It might take a figure more fascinating than those light novels for our genius shaman to take greater interest in the real world — but is there really anyone who can do that?"|[[Mavuika]]}}
Whenever a child starts crying uncontrollably, parents from the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] in need of immediate relief are quick to make use of "Granny Itztli"'s name. Over the past two hundred years, many a terrifying rumor has been born from the horrendous defeats she has inflicted upon all challengers, eventually granting her prestige sufficient to silence wailing infants.

As the bearer of this title, Citlali has never sought to explain herself, as though she really is such a horrific entity.

But if you should dare set foot in her remote abode, you will find it a right mess of wine bottles and snacks, and shelves stuffed to bursting with light novels &mdash; and you would be forgiven for thinking of her less as some frightening old hag in her lair, and more as a hermit in her nest.

And in this case, Citlali will feel the need to argue as such:

"I'm not a hermit. I'm just above superficial rules of societal etiquette!"

==Character Stories==
{{Character Story
|title1        = Character Details
|text1         = <p>"Shamans" are practitioners of a mysterious craft who originate from the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]]. With many mystical abilities at their disposal, they are wise and powerful figures. In the eyes of the people of [[Natlan]], whether one seeks medicine or wishes to decipher a cryptic prophecy, visiting a shaman is always the right choice. They can be both doctors and prophets, playing indispensable roles both in everyday life and in matters of far greater import. In short, theirs is a highly respected profession.</p>
<p>Yet above the many shamans, there are "great shamans" in a league of their own. They say it is a title that only those who reach the very pinnacle of their mystical arts may earn &mdash; and indeed, throughout the entire history of Natlan, they have been few and far between. Their deeds shine forth like the brightest stars in the night sky, adding a touch of legend to the already unfathomable shamanistic mystique.</p>
<p>Citlali is one such great shaman, and the only one in Natlan today.</p>
<p>Yet contrary to what most might expect, you will not find her dealing with everyday matters, nor with major affairs, rarely even participating in events as significant as tribal ceremonies. For outsiders who seek the great shaman's assistance, navigating the many obstacles in their way may prove a greater challenge than traversing the many chasms of Natlan itself.</p>
<p>"Looking for Granny Itztli? Best not disturb her! If you really must go, go prepared &mdash; and just so we're on the same page, don't go dragging me into it..." Thus would most members of the Masters of the Night Wind respond, as if Citlali were some formidable fiend, a monster of great menace and untold might.</p>
<p>"The great shaman... Mwahaha, she's your only option, isn't she? Pfff, the Almighty Dragonlord doesn't have time for puny punks like you. But since you asked so nicely, I'll let you use my name when you knock. That way, she's bound to take your request seriously." A certain oddball entity and [[Ajaw|self-styled Dragonlord]] might respond as such, as if Citlali were some easily dealt with triviality.</p>
<p>"Need Granny's help? You're looking for the right person if so &mdash; she knows everything about everything! Do you have her address? Actually, let me take you there myself! Oh, just so you know, when we get there, you'll have to keep knocking non-stop. Granny's kinda shy, so you have to be proactive, alright?" This is the kind of response you'd receive from a [[Mualani|certain top-ranking guide]] from the [[People of the Springs]], as if Citlali were no more than a bashful young girl.</p>
<p>"Seeking help from Citlali? A wise choice indeed. Her assistance has been instrumental in the success of many of Natlan's most important affairs. I'm confident she'll know how to resolve your troubles too." That [[Mavuika|great leader]], the keeper of the [[Sacred Flame]] herself, might say this, as if Citlali were the very epitome of a responsible and approachable elder.</p>
<p>Ultimately, after much inquiry, those seeking her aid often end up feeling even more confused than when they first set out, left with no other choice but to give up their petition as a lost cause.</p>
|mention1      = Ajaw, Mualani, Mavuika

|title2        = Character Story 1
|friendship2   = 2
|text2         = <p>Citlali's home lies at some considerable distance from the tribal settlement. Tucked away in a secluded corner of the mountains, you might call it the perfect retreat for solitary living. But in stark contrast to the way the homes of the average "recluse" might blend into their natural surroundings, her remote dwelling is conspicuous &mdash; so much so, in fact, that it is practically unmissable.</p>
<p>The main reason for this, no doubt, is the graffiti that covers its outer walls. Bold, over-the-top, and provocative, it seems to have been deliberately designed to get on someone's nerves. To understand this, one must note a rather odd tradition that has become prevalent among the Masters of the Night-Wind's shamans. They will often strive to seek out particularly strong peers among their circle, then orchestrate coincidences by which their own students end up clashing with these powerful shamans; and then, by utilizing the pressure exerted by these formidable figures, they push their students to improve. Perhaps it is precisely because of the familial character of the bond between master and disciple shamans that, to bypass their own subconscious, almost parental tenderness, they must rely upon a stern uncle or aunt figure to carry out the tough tests required. Many years ago, another great shaman named [[Huitzilin]] chose Citlali to be the target of such conflicts for her own students. How did she achieve this, you might ask? By having them plaster the outer walls of Citlali's home with taunting graffiti &mdash; a direct and unignorable challenge if ever there was one.</p>
<p>For her part, Citlali performed her role of encouraging the younger generation to improve with flying colors. Not a single one of those bumptious, presumptuous, self-important novices &mdash; puffed up by having a great shaman as their mentor &mdash; withstood more than a single meeting with her as their adversary. They were, to the last, left humbled and respectful, viewing shamanhood with newfound reverence.</p>
<p>After Huitzilin's passing, her disciples, and even the disciples of her disciples, continued to designate Citlali as the target for their students to challenge, claiming that this was her dying wish.</p>
<p>Though this practice strayed somewhat from tradition, most Masters of the Night-Wind were unsurprised. Huitzilin had been a great shaman on par with Citlali, and was said to understand and admire Citlali's strength better than anyone. To Huitzilin, only those bold enough to challenge Citlali were worthy of inheriting her legacy. And indeed, the challenges yielded remarkable results. Those brave enough to face Citlali often went on to make exceptional achievements, whether holding key positions within the tribe or attaining a profound mastery of the mystic arts. Over time, challenging Citlali through the medium of graffiti became a tradition of its own.</p>
<p>This tradition, though, has been the source of no small amount of grief for Huitzilin's own shamanic descendants. Starting right from their days as apprentices, they must endure defeat after crushing defeat at Citlali's hands. Eventually, they had no choice but to modify Huitzilin's challenge criteria, making it enough to simply last long enough against her. All manner of stories began to spread about Granny Itztli, fueled by the sorry experiences of all those challengers who fell short.</p>
<p>Whenever a challenger fails, Citlali uses her mystical abilities to erase their graffiti. Thus, over the years, the graffiti on the wall has changed, time and time again. As time went on, Citlali's initial irritation dulled. Given her power and status, she could easily have put an end to this annoying practice, yet instead she allowed it to continue. As for her reasons, some would argue that Citlali uses these failed challengers as a means of enhancing her own reputation; while others believe that, despite her general aloofness, the great shaman still retains a sense of responsibility for nurturing future generations. Even if just a sliver...</p>
<p>Perhaps only Citlali herself knows the real reason &mdash; that it reminds her of that precious time spent sparring with an old rival. As long as that ever-changing graffiti continues to appear on her wall, she can keep pretending that those days never truly passed.</p>
|mention2      = Huitzilin

|title3        = Character Story 2
|friendship3   = 3
|text3         = <p>If you were to ask someone what Citlali's favorite hobby was, no matter if they knew her well, feared her, or even just heard a rumor about her for the very first time, you would get the same answer: light novels. Almost everyone's first encounter with her involves seeing her engrossed in one of these books.</p>
<p>But if you were then to follow up and ask which light novel was her favorite... Well, that's something even those who know her best would struggle to agree upon.</p>
<p>Some are convinced that it is "Mirage Warriors," the light novel she most frequently discusses, and perhaps the first one she ever read. Rumor has it that this early classic switched authors three times, yet despite this, was never actually brought to completion. Most of its original readers have, in fact, already passed away &mdash; the last one left being Citlali herself, still alive and holding out for updates after two full centuries. Such a book, they say, must hold a special meaning in the context of Citlali's long life, making it the strongest contender for her favorite.</p>
<p>Others claim it must be the popular favorite "[[A Legend of Sword]]," widely known even throughout Natlan. Yet when others bring up this work, Citlali often seems displeased &mdash; not because of any issue with the story itself, but because of her lingering resentment over that one time when they decided not to hold a signing event in Natlan.</p>
<p>Then there are the heated debates between the advocates of "[[Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power]]" and "[[Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?]]." One school of thought believes the former is her favorite, pointing to the time that she discovered her copy of "Raiden Reincarnation" was not actually a first edition, flying into such a rage that she nearly scared the book merchant to death. The other side argues for the latter, recounting how ruthlessly Citlali crushed a certain group of challengers whose sudden appearance had caused her to miss out on getting her hands on the deluxe edition of "Kitsune Guuji."</p>
<p>Citlali herself has never given a straightforward answer to the question, leaving the matter unresolved. However, a particularly bold specimen of a prying busybody once claimed to have discovered a secret compartment in her bookshelf, well-concealed and even protected by several layers of special mystical seals &mdash; without a shadow of a doubt, the ironclad repository of her most treasured light novel.</p>
<p>Citlali quickly deduced that this individual must have been a petty thief who had once broken into her home. After tracking down the intruder and personally administering a thorough thrashing, she handed them over to the tribal guards. From that moment on, the mystical defenses around her home gained yet another layer of protection.</p>
<p>Still, she never outright denied the pesky little pilferer's claim. Because, as it just so happens, there is indeed a secret compartment in her bookshelf.</p>
<p>The book stored within is neither one of the latest bestsellers nor a rare out-of-print collector's edition. Instead, it is an obscure and unsung light novel, barely known even in its homeland of [[Inazuma]]: "[[New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune]]."</p>
<p>So, is this Citlali's favorite light novel? It's very hard to say. Perhaps, just perhaps, her reason for storing it there had something to do with the first sentence she read when she opened it.</p>
<p>"Stories relating to memory always seem to have to do with those moments where you gain something and lose it straight away."</p>
|mention3      = 

|title4        = Character Story 3
|friendship4   = 4
|quest4        = The Rainbow Destined to Burn
|text4         = <p>Whenever Citlali's friends make plans to celebrate her birthday, they always run up against a rather tricky question &mdash; just how old is she, actually?</p>
<p>Judging from her appearance... There's no way to tell.</p>
<p>According to Citlali's own oft-repeated claim, the answer seems to be 200. However, some elders of the Masters of the {{sic|Night Wind|expected=Night-Wind}} insist that she must be older, for she has an intimate knowledge of many things that happened over two centuries ago.</p>
<p>"D'you think Granny was adopted by [[Saurian]]s when she was young too?" [[Chasca]] would wonder, drawing a parallel with her own childhood experience of being raised by [[Chimpu|a Qucusaur]] and losing track of her real age.</p>
<p>"Granny'll always be Granny, and that's not gonna change &mdash; whether she's 200 or more." [[Ororon]] would respond when people came asking. Having been raised by Citlali since childhood, his awareness of her "ageless" aura is perhaps keener than any other's.</p>
<p>But [[Xilonen]] was never satisfied with that answer. After all, if they were planning to order a personalized birthday cake, a vague number would only confuse the baker. In her view, clarifying your requirements is the most basic courtesy a customer owes.</p>
<p>"Hah! If a mere two hundred years has you all running around like headless [[Flowcurrent Bird]]s, imagine if you could comprehend the unfathomable antiquity of this Almighty Dragonl&mdash;" Before he could finish, Ajaw's comments were cut short by [[Kinich]], whose lightning-fast elbow sent the little party pooper flying.</p>
<p>"Why don't we just settle for 200? Seeing as Granny always insists that's how old she is, I'm sure she has her reasons &mdash; just like how many people say they're 'forever 18.' It's a way of making themselves seem younger!" Despite leaving them all deep in thought for a while, Mualani's suggestion was collectively rejected in the end. No matter how you spin it, "forever 200" is an absurd way of projecting a youthful image.</p>
<p>When all others had given up, the ever-resourceful Iansan called upon Mavuika, hoping that the memories passed down by the Sacred Flame might offer some clues. But even Mavuika could not provide a definitive answer. So far as past [[Pyro Archon]]s remembered, Citlali had always lived the life of a recluse, leaving no indication of her exact age.</p>
<p>And so, they continued to hesitate, knowing that asking Citlali directly was simply out of the question. The quick-witted great shaman would see right through them, completely ruining their celebratory surprise in an instant.</p>
<p>In the end, they decided to sidestep the issue altogether, settling on a cake design that didn't require her age to be displayed.</p>
<p>On the evening of her birthday, they lured Citlali out of her home with a knock at the door, unveiling the cake and an array of gifts as she stepped outside. At last, their long-planned celebration was successfully underway.</p>
<p>Perhaps moved by their enthusiasm, Citlali drank a lot that night. As her eyes began to grow hazy, someone finally worked up the courage to ask the question that had been puzzling them all along.</p>
<p>"How old am I exactly? *hic* Let me tell you something funny..." Citlali began, slurring her words. "I'm certainly not the only one in this world who's lived a long, long life. For the others, it usually goes like this... In the beginning, keeping track of the years is easy, but the longer they live, the more of a hassle it becomes, so they just stop paying attention... *hiccup* But me, well... I'm a lil' different, you see... At first, I never used to worry exactly how old I was. It was only after... something happened... that I suddenly started noticing how old I was becoming... And from that moment on, I started counting, and it's been exactly... 200 years... *hic*!"</p>
<p>The mystery behind the "200 years" claim had finally been solved, but her answer had sparked a new question. What could possibly have happened to make Citlali, who had remained so youthful over the past two centuries and longer, suddenly become so acutely aware of the passing of time?</p>
<p>But despite their curiosity, no one pressed her any further, for they noticed that Citlali was staring blankly at the night sky &mdash; a sign that she had already fallen asleep.</p>
|mention4      = Chasca, Ororon, Xilonen, Ajaw, Kinich, Mualani, Mavuika

|title5        = Character Story 4
|friendship5   = 5
|quest5        = The Truth of the Battle of Seven Colors
|text5         = <p>As a young lady, Huitzilin had been Citlali's peer during their training, always accompanied by her trusty [[Iktomisaur]] companion, [[Tlapo|Claw]]. Whenever Huitzilin struck a battle pose, Claw would leap up and down beside her in a combined show of strength.</p>
<p>"So you're that so-called 'genius' the elders always talk about? Let's settle who's the strongest, once and for all!"</p>
<p>"...Are you out of your mind?"</p>
<p>As abruptly as it started, their first clash ended with Huitzilin's crushing defeat. Though, as it turned out, that was only the beginning. Every so often, Huitzilin would show up again at Citlali's doorstep with Claw in tow. The first few times, all she brought with her were fiery letters of challenge. But not long after, she started bringing snacks too. Eventually, she even brought along wine, stolen from the adults. Whether it was the fine wine that swayed her, or simply that she had resigned herself to the inevitability of Huitzilin's persistence, Citlali stopped resisting her visits.</p>
<p>And just like that, twenty years flew by.</p>
<p>Until one day, for the first time ever, the fight ended in a draw. That was the night that Citlali finally accepted Huitzilin's invitation to share wine and snacks under the moonlight.</p>
<p>"To think that the two of us would become great shamans on the very same day... Seems like we truly are equals in that regard, after all."</p>
<p>"A hard-won draw's not a bad result, you know. Surely, as my rival, you're finally satisfied now? Maybe you'll even stop pestering me..."</p>
<p>"What? No. I'll keep coming over, of course! Besides, even if we're no longer rivals, we've been friends for twenty years now, haven't we?"</p>
<p>As the slightly tipsy Citlali gazed over at Huitzilin in the dim moonlight, something suddenly struck her. That reckless young lass from two decades past had already blossomed into a poised great shaman. Little Claw had matured too, now an imposing adult Iktomisaur standing a head taller than the two of them.</p>
<p>"Yes, friends for twenty years..."</p>
<p>All of a sudden, Citlali's mind was aflood with memories, details that had been obscured by time's rapid flow. She felt the warmth of their bond, but also an inexplicable sense of foreboding.</p>
<p>Another twenty years flew by in the blink of an eye.</p>
<p>One day, halfway through cleaning away the graffiti of yet another challenger she had effortlessly defeated, Citlali was interrupted by the sound of familiar footsteps.</p>
<p>"Hey, old friend. It's been a while since you last asked me out for a drink. You're not mad at me, are you?"</p>
<p>"If a fight's what you're after, why don't you just drop by yourself? Why'd you keep sending these hopeless fools to pester me, huh?"</p>
<p>"Well, because... I've reached the age where I have to start taking on students too, y'know."</p>
<p>Citlali turned around, as though suddenly realizing something she hadn't before. Her friend, who she hadn't seen for quite some time, now bore quite a few wrinkles, no longer the radiant youth she once was. Seeming to sense the complex emotions in Citlali's gaze, Huitzilin tried to lighten the mood, pointing to a nearby field in full bloom.</p>
<p>"No matter how beautiful Natlan's wildflowers are, they always wither when the dry season comes around. But that never worries us, because we know that the year after, the field will bloom once more. Right?"</p>
<p>"But the flowers we see now... Not one of them will feel the warmth of the sunlight that shines down on next year's field. In the end, nothing gold can stay, can it?"</p>
<p>"...I'm sure some hues will hold, my dear friend. Let me think it over &mdash; I'll give you your answer soon enough."</p>
<p>Huitzilin tried in vain to soothe Citlali's apparent unease, for the latter had finally realized from whence her sense of impending crisis came. Citlali stayed wide awake that whole night, watching as portentous meteors streaked across the skies above.</p>
<p>Just as leaf subsides to leaf, so too do we. By the time the next twenty-year anniversary of their friendship came around, Huitzilin was gone.</p>
<p>...</p>
<p>Many years later, as Citlali once again scrubbed graffiti from her wall, she thought back once again upon that afternoon when a girl and her young Iktomisaurus had come to challenge her.</p>
<p>Countless memories surged back like a tide, vivid as if those moments had occurred just yesterday; yet just as quickly were they carried away again, scattered by the wind into the distant past. With long years' passing, even those emotions that Huitzilin had once failed to calm had by now been diluted, leaving only quiet sighs in their stead.</p>
<p>"You never gave me that answer, in the end," Citlali murmured.</p>
<p>Yet despite the implication of her words, Citlali had no intention of blaming Huitzilin; for she believed it was a question without answer. After a few cycles of blooming and wilting, the flower she remembered so vividly was now long gone, buried by the sands of time, as even the brightest of flowers would be.</p>
|mention5      = Huitzilin,Tlapo

|title6        = Character Story 5
|friendship6   = 6
|quest6        = The Truth of the Battle of Seven Colors
|text6         = <p>"We are like birds, soaring through the horizons of time. I linger between brushes of memory, seeking the 'color' of my final journey."</p>
<p>Each time Citlali weaves a special scroll to record a significant event, she thinks back upon this phrase of Huitzilin's. It was the first thing that Huitzilin had said as she taught her the mystic art of weaving such scrolls. Thus did she lead Citlali into a vivid realm of recollection, showing her how to craft sprawling works like a master painter; except with a palette not of paints, but of memories instead.</p>
<p>After learning this technique, Citlali followed Huitzilin's example &mdash; adorning the record of a grand victory with a touch of fiery orange from warriors' torches, or honoring fallen heroes with a hint of pale violet from flowers laid before a grave. So were these chronicles woven into being, scroll after scroll, ensuring that the Masters of the Night-Wind's traditions would endure.</p>
<p>Citlali had long understood the burden and responsibility that inheriting this mystic art entailed. So, when she was approached by that golden-haired [[Traveler]], she knew she could not refuse their request. This time, she chose the Traveler's "gold" to represent the light by which the [[Abyss]] was illuminated, as well as the final full stop by which this great war was ended. Meticulously she dyed the entire scroll, the memories it contained seeming to come alive in her hands.</p>
<p>"That way, they're not lost to piles of black and white text."</p>
<p>Hearing the Traveler by her side speak these words, Citlali suddenly felt an emotion long since diluted by time well up inside her again. Remembering Huitzilin's words once more, she realized that her old friend had indeed kept her promise.</p>
<p>When the flowers wither when the dry season comes, and all is buried by the dunes of time, what then shall remain?</p>
<p>"The color of memories, that's what."</p>
<p>This was the answer that Huitzilin had given all those years ago. It was also the one that Citlali was now able to give the Traveler in response to their question. She knew that it would bind her to another promise that would only be fulfilled after facing many more long years; yet this time, she felt far more resolute.</p>
<p>Presenting the Traveler with a token she had prepared long ago, for the first time ever, Citlali spoke aloud the wish she hoped to fulfill over the course of her long life.</p>
<p>"I hope that my colors may abide in your memory always."</p>
|mention6      = Huitzilin, Traveler

|title7        = Tzitzimimeh
|friendship7   = 4
|text7         = <p>"The first is Citlalin, baleful star of the North!"</p>
<p>"The second is Itzpapa, malefic omen of the South!"</p>
<p>Whenever someone mentions the two dolls that Citlali keeps by her side, which she refers to as her Tzitzimimeh, the Masters of the Night-Wind often respond with these words as a warning &mdash; the intention being to silence loose tongues, lest they bring down a terrible curse upon themselves. If the rumors are to be believed, these dolls house the conscious wills of some ilk of malevolent demon, subduable only by the wrath of Granny Itztli herself. As such, their names have become synonymous with Granny Itztli's own, invokable as some sort of incantation to stop a toddler's tantrum in its otherwise unstoppable tracks.</p>
<p>However, anyone who has had the opportunity to observe these two dolls up close would find them far less intimidating than the stories might suggest. In manner and appearance, they come across more like cute little animals than fearsome demons. Though Citlali does indeed frequently hurl them at her enemies in combat, the fear instilled by this peculiar tactic pales in comparison to the terror she inspires with her own two fists.</p>
<p>And though it is true that within these dolls is sealed the dreadful power of inauspicious stars, this has absolutely nothing to do with their consciousnesses. Citlali crafted the Tzitzimimeh using the bones of small animals that had died of natural causes. The lingering remnants of their spirits were reawakened by the dolls' bodies, which is what bestowed consciousness upon them. As such, this pair of clingy little critters bring with them no curses whatsoever &mdash; on the contrary, they bring emotional comfort in spades, akin to the kind one might find in a pet.</p>
<p>Funnily enough, Citlali very rarely lets anyone know this. Though, given that she uses them as weapons, it's probably for the best that they seem a bit on the scarier side.</p>
|mention7      = 

|title8        = Vision
|friendship8   = 6
|text8         = <p>Even after becoming a great shaman, Citlali had still never received an [[Ancient Name]].</p>
<p>Though it was undeniable that she had become a veritable pillar of the Masters of the Night-Wind, and that her assistance was indispensable for the successful undertaking of many of Natlan's most important affairs, no hero's name came to resonate with her.</p>
<p>People felt that this was a great shame, but there was nothing they could do for her. After reaching the age of seventy, Citlali grew reluctant to leave her home, seeming to have lost all passion for the world and only attending to matters in which her direct involvement was absolutely and unequivocally required. Naturally, such an air of detached indifference did not win her the favor of any heroic spirits.</p>
<p>However, in places most people were not even aware of, Citlali retained a great enthusiasm for one thing: weaving the special scrolls upon which major historical events were recorded.</p>
<p>Each of these scrolls required decades to complete, an entire generation swept away by the time they were done. Yet always she persisted, maybe because it was her old friend's last wish, or maybe because doing so allowed her to avoid the company of others. She neither expected to see this task through to its end, nor did she seek any response to her efforts.</p>
<p>"Just a way to pass the time," she told herself.</p>
<p>And that was why, on the night a certain ancestor called out to her from the Night-Wind's mist-shrouded hues, Citlali was rather stumped.</p>
<p>"Do you believe I will inherit your Ancient Name?"</p>
<p>"Sooner or later, you will indeed. You just do not yet know the reason why."</p>
<p>"But first, please, accept my message. When the time comes, it will hold the answer to your doubts."</p>
<p>The colors of the Night-Wind shifted, communicating in a language that only Citlali could decipher.</p>
<p>"We are like birds, soaring through the horizons of time."</p>
<p>"I linger in verdant forests, skim across azure waves, soar over fiery magma, gather golden ore, and chase after pink-plumed flower-feathers."</p>
<p>"When twilight falls, my graffiti adorns the night sky."</p>
<p>"All that I depict shall be gifts, given to the world of the deceased."</p>
<p>"This was once my name, and it will be yours as well."</p>
<p>"Ukumbuko, 'Memory.'"</p>
<p>With the message complete, the Night-Wind that was shrouded in mist drifted toward the scroll that Citlali had just finished dyeing, transforming into a mysterious iridescence that illuminated the entire scene.</p>
<p>As she gazed upon the woven scroll, Citlali suddenly recalled once more the night her old friend passed away.</p>
<p>"The mission she left me... It was once yours too, was it not?"</p>
<p>"It was indeed. But for you, it seems to be more than just a mission."</p>
<p>Following a trail of shimmering colors, Citlali opened up her hand. As if from nowhere, a glimmering Vision had somehow appeared in her palm.</p>
<p>"It appears to be your 'wish' as well."</p>
|mention8      = Huitzilin
}}

==Namecard==
{{Namecard|Citlali: Opalstar}}

==Constellation==
{{Constellation Lore|Patina Anavatlaca}}

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Character Trials==
{{Trials by Character}}
-->
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Mail==
{{Mails by Category List|noheader=1}}

==Trivia==
* Citlali is known by these aliases or titles:
** Granny Itztli<ref>{{Ref/Quest|All Names are Noble}}</ref>
** Great Shaman
** High Priestess of the Masters of the Night-Wind<ref>{{Ref/CS|Mualani|Character Story 4}}</ref>
* Citlali is more than 200 years old, but less than 500.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Flickering Light Splits in Twain}}</ref>
** Through her character stories, some details can be picked out:
*** She and Huitzilin were from the same generation and were trained at the same time. When Huitzilin first started challenging her, they were not old enough to drink.
*** It was only after being friends for 40 years did Citlali realize that Huitzilin was aging, while she was not. That was when she began keeping track of her birthdays.
*** Huitzilin passed away before they'd been friends for 60 years. After turning 70 years old, Citlali began spending more time at home; Huitzilin's death likely was around the same time, punctuating for Citlali that she would outlive her entire generation.
**** Considering these factors, a reasonable estimate would be that Citlali began counting her birthdays when she was around 50, making her approximately 250 years old.

===Etymology===
* Citlali is a Mexican given name derived from the {{w|Nahuatl}} word ''{{wt|citlalli}}'' meaning "star."
* ''Itztli'' is a sharp-bladed instrument made of obsidian in {{w|Nahuatl}}.
* Her ''Tzitzimitl'' companions are named after the {{w|Tzitzimitl}}, which were celestial deities associated with stars in the {{w|Aztec Mythology}}.
** ''Itzpapa'' is an abbreviation of the name of the Aztec goddess ''{{w|Ītzpāpālōtl}}'', meaning "Obsidian Butterfly."
** ''{{wt|Citlalin}}'' is an alternative form of ''citlali'', and means "star."
* Her constellation is an ''Anahuatl'', which was one of the characteristic elements of the Aztec god ''{{w|Tezcatlipoca}}''. 
** Her constellation, ''Patina Anavatlaca'', is named using the word ''{{w|Patina}}''; and the {{w|Nahuatl}} word ''Anavatlaca'', composed by: ''[https://nahuatl.wired-humanities.org/content/anahuatl Anahuatl]'', which was a "round disc worn as a pendant or pectoral"; and ''[https://nahuatl.wired-humanities.org/content/tlaca-0 -tlaca]'', meaning "people."
*** ''Anahuatl'' can be found written as ''Anavatl'' in some sources.<ref>Tlachia UNAM: [https://tlachia.iib.unam.mx/glifos/anahuatl Anahuatl Tlachia]</ref>
*** This is further confirmed in her Japanese translation "Anahuatl's Mirror Constellation."

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
===Character Title: Obsidian Opalstar===
{{Other Languages
|en       = Obsidian Opalstar
|zhs      = 白星黑曜
|zhs_rm   = Báixīng Hēiyào
|zht      = 白星黑曜
|zht_rm   = Báixīng Hēiyào
|zh_tl    = White Star, Obsidian
|ja       = 白星黒曜
|ja_rm    = Shiroboshi Kokuyou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = White Star, Obsidian
|ko       = 흰별<->을 품은 흑요석
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = La Estrella de Obsidiana
|es_tl    = The Obsidian Star
|fr       = Étoile opaline d'obsidienne
|fr_tl    = Opal Star of Obsidian
|ru       = Чёрный отблеск белой звезды
|ru_tl    = Black Gleam of White Star
|th       = ออบซิเดียนดาราผ่อง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tinh Tú Obsidian
|vi_tl    = Obsidian Star
|de       = Sternenobsidian
|de_tl    = Star Obsidian
|id       = Obsidian Opalstar
|pt       = Obsidiana da Estrela Branca
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Obsidiyen Opal Yıldızı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Fulgistella d'ossidiana
|it_tl    = Obsidian Brightstar
|it_note  = {{it|Fulgistella}} is a portmanteau of {{it|fulgido|bright}} and {{it|stella|star}}.
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Character Navbox|Lore}}

[[fr:Citlali/Histoire]]
[[ja:シトラリ/ストーリー]]
[[pt-br:Citlali/Perfil]]
[[ru:Ситлали/Лор]]
[[th:Citlali/เนื้อเรื่อง]]
[[tr:Citlali/Hikaye]]
[[vi:Citlali/Cốt Truyện]]