{{stub}}
{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Citlali
|id             = 368193
|image          = Citlali Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = <!-- Check First -->
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Citlali''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Where's my drink?
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The night-wind...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The veil...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Seriously, another hiatus!?
: {{DIcon|Idle}} "Allies"...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Traveler}}...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Is this a good time?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo citlali mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hello, {{Traveler}}. So, this is where you live?
:{{A|vo citlali mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Is this... a good time for a visit? I only ask because, nine times out of ten, my place is unfit for guests...
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh, it's nice.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But, I don't think I could actually live here.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' This space is too big. If I'm reading on the bed and want a drink, I'd have to actually get up and walk...
::{{DIcon}} Oh, uh... That's a good point...
:::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I know.
:::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Wait, did you just agree with me because you think I'm old? Laziness is a habit I learned from young people, you know!
:::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship1 04a 3.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Wait, scratch that. I AM young...
::{{DIcon}} You could just put a chair next to the bed to hold your snacks and drinks...
:::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship1 04b 1.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Genius!
:::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship1 04b 2.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ahem, I mean... you know this place best, so it only makes sense that you would come up with a solution.
:::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship1 04b 3.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' In that case, I'm in favor of more space. Spacious rooms are more conducive to relaxation, anyway.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Sure. Is there something you want to talk about?
::{{DIcon}} What happened to those... creations of yours?
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You mean the Tzitzimimeh? Yeah, it's strange.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' This realm is quite special. It's almost completely isolated from the outside world, so the malice of the stars has been greatly reduced.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That's probably why they look a bit out of sorts.
::{{DIcon}} I'm almost starting to feel bad for them...
:::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 05a 1.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh, that's kind of you.
:::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 05a 2.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' They are born of the world's malice towards humans, but don't worry &mdash; their capacity for evil was stripped away before anything bad could happen.
:::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 05a 3.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Now, they're nothing more than mascots.
::{{DIcon}} I suppose things are safer this way.
:::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 05b 1.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You're not wrong. They are born of the world's malice towards humans, after all.
:::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 05b 2.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But don't worry, they're harmless now. Under my control, they can't do anything bad.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' By the looks of it, there are illuminated creations here powerful enough to obscure the celestial mechanisms. This must be a mystical realm...
::{{DIcon}} How did you know?
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' If you read light novels, it's obvious.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The ancient vassals in "Mirage Warriors" were able to preserve many ancient technologies and mystical arts from the preceding Age of the Three Saints, including the ability to create realms.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Wait, maybe it was a true story all along!
::{{DIcon}} I don't think so...
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' W&mdash;Well, in any case, all the best novels take inspiration from real life.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Actually... What are the chances Mirage Warriors was written by one of your adepti friends?
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' And the feline-headed "Higashi no Sankun" and "Nishi no Oubo" are just self-inserts?
::{{DIcon}} Um... Now that you say that...
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Wait, does that mean you actually know some kind of cat adeptus?
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Huh, now that I think about it... I don't think the author was an adeptus.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I've been following that novel since the beginning, and the writing has changed hands twice already. That wouldn't happen with an adeptus. They can outlast pretty much anyone...
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Huh, doing nothing at all sounds pretty nice.
::{{DIcon}} You've got a point.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Most people live no longer than a hundred years, so there's no point losing sleep over issues that will take thousands of years to solve.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But, live long enough, and you learn that only a handful of things in life truly matter.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You can dedicate one tenth of your time to the important things, but when it comes to the remaining nine tenths, it's just a matter of finding ways to pass the time.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But, that's just a general rule, okay? Not a comment on my age!
::{{DIcon}} Huh, I don't feel like I have that much down time.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hm, I guess you're right. Maybe my life is just less interesting.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's just like the detectives from those Fontaine crime novels &mdash; always embroiled in intrigue wherever they go.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I suppose there are people like that in real life, too.
::{{DIcon}} In real life, we call those people, "unlucky."
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Actually, crime novels only chronicle a small part of a detective's life.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Realistically, the cases only last a few days.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' So, who knows? Maybe they're just killing time in between important events like the rest of us.
::{{DIcon}} Or maybe the rest of their time is spent trying to recover from mental trauma...
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Well, when you put it that way... Choosing to do nothing is how I recover from the trauma in my life.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Okay, I'm begging you... Don't give me that look. I can hear what you're thinking.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' "Citlali's nihilism strikes again."
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But, I'm fine! At my age, I don't need people fretting over me... Not that I'm THAT old, of course...
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Anyway, it doesn't matter... C'mon, let's go for a walk. We should grab something to eat, too. It's been a while.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo friendship3 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Well? What are you waiting for? Let's get a move on!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Citlali.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Morning! If I hadn't stayed up all night, I never would have known you get up this early.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Citlali.
::{{A|vo citlali mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Good night. I'm going to keep walking around. I'm not used to a night sky without stars...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Sleep Now, Rest Your Weary Head===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt citlali silenceandrest 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I love this kind of place. Even looking at it just makes me feel so peaceful.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt citlali silenceandrest 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's quiet and far away from the crowds, just like my place. Quite a bit tidier, though...
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt citlali silenceandrest 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' But don't worry &mdash; as long as no deliveries make it out this way, I won't mess the place up!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Masters of the Night-Wind's Tranquility===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt citlali nightwind 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You really didn't need to go to all this effort, you know. I don't exactly get homesick. But if you're interested, there are some mysterious traditions behind these items that I can share with you.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt citlali nightwind 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' For instance, some things shouldn't be put in boys' bedrooms, and others shouldn't be put in girls' bedrooms...
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt citlali nightwind 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Not that you need to worry about all that. Your fate is ironclad, plus you have powerful allies. That's enough to scare away any evil entities.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[fr:Citlali/Sérénithéière]]
[[ru:Ситлали/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Citlali/Konaklama]]