{{Domain Infobox
|image        = Domain City of Hidden Runes.png
|type         = Quest
|description  = A Domain you found by accident while searching for the way out. Many mystical mechanisms lie within.
|quest        = Danger All Around
|quest_type   = Archon
|region       = Liyue
|area         = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|subarea      = The Chasm's Bed
|requiredAR   = 28
|recElements  = Geo
}}
'''City of Hidden Runes''' is a [[Quest Domain]] during [[Archon Quest]] [[Interlude Chapter]]: Act II - [[Perilous Trail]] quest "[[Danger All Around]]".

==Walkthrough==
# At the entry platform, look at the colored rune on the floor and remember its appearance.
# Touch the nearby portal to move to the respective colored rune platform.
# Step on the runes that match the rune at the entry platform.
#* Stepping on the wrong rune will cause the player to take damage. The player can use a shield to absorb the damage while stepping on every rune to easily solve the puzzle.
# Defeat the monsters that appear.
# Operate the 2 Lightshapers to light up all 4 runes of the respective color.
# Return to the entry platform and repeat the above process for the other 3 platforms.
# Once all four rune puzzles are completed, a new portal will appear. Touch the new portal to move to the final platform.
# After a cutscene, continue with [[Danger All Around]] quest until you leave the domain.

===Enemies===
;Blue Rune Floor
* {{Enemy|Geovishap Hatchling|x=3}}
;Purple Rune Floor
* {{Enemy|Stonehide Lawachurl|x=1}}
;Green Rune Floor
* {{Enemy List|Geovishap (Pyro);Geovishap (Cryo)}}
;Yellow Rune Floor
* {{Enemy|Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl|x=3}}

==Dialogue==
{{Transclude|Danger All Around|domaindialogue|section=1|main=1|top=1}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/Gn4yFxRXTgM
|caption1 = City of Hidden Runes Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = City of Hidden Runes
|zhs     = 机符遁藏之城
|zhs_rm  = Jīfú Dùncáng zhī Chéng
|zht     = 機符遁藏之城
|zht_rm  = Jīfú Dùncáng zhī Chéng
|zh_tl   = City of Hidden Signs of Change
|ja      = 兆候隠遁の城
|ja_rm   = Choukou Inton no Shiro
|ja_tl   = Castle of Secluded Omens
|ko      = 징조가 숨어있는 성
|ko_rm   = Jingjoga Sumeoinneun Seong
|ko_tl   = Castle of Secluded Omens
|es      = Ciudad de los Talismanes Ocultos
|es_tl   = City of the Hidden Talismans
|fr      = Cité des runes cachées
|fr_tl   = City of the Hidden Runes
|ru      = Город сокрытых рун
|ru_tl   = City of Hidden Runes
|th      = เมืองแห่งเครื่องรางที่ซ่อนอยู่
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cơ Quan Ẩn Giấu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Stadt der versteckten Symbole
|de_tl   = City of Hidden Symbols
|id      = Kota Ajaib yang Tersembunyi
|id_tl   = Hidden Magical City
|pt      = Cidade das Runas Ocultas
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Temporary}}