{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Archon Quest C0A1 City of Freedom.png
|id            = 00356
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Outlander Who Caught the Wind
|part          = 6
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|prev          = Going Upon the Breeze
|next          = Dragon Storm
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*250;Mora*1,625;Character EXP*850;Enhancement Ore*7
|characters    = Amber;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|1|part=6}}

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Amber]]
# Go to the location designated by Amber
#* The player will receive a [[Wind Glider]] and a tutorial run on [[gliding]].
# Talk to Amber
# Meet Amber at the fountain plaza

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|With your help, the problem was resolved quickly. Led by Amber, you reach the city of freedom &mdash; Mondstadt.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(When the player enters the city)
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Let me officially introduce the city of wind, dandelions, and freedom &mdash;
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Travelers under the protection of the Knights of Favonius &mdash; Welcome to Mondstadt!
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Finally, no more having to camp outdoors!
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... the city folk don't look too cheery.
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Everyone's been put out of place by Stormterror recently.
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But everything will turn out fine as long as Jean's with us!
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Jean?
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Acting Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius &mdash; Jean, Defender of Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' With Jean on our side, surely even the vicious Stormterror will be no match for us.
:{{DIcon}} (Sounds like someone pretty impressive...)
:{{DIcon}} (I hope she knows something about the God of Anemo)
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Before I take you guys to the Knights of Favonius Headquarters, I have a present for you, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 ambor 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It's a reward for helping me clear out that hilichurl camp.
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{sic|He-Hey}}! Why doesn't Paimon get a reward?
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 ambor 09.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Ahh... Because this reward is useless to you, Paimon.
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 ambor 10.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But I'll treat you to a traditional Mondstadt delicacy &mdash; Sticky Honey Roast.
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sticky Honey Roast!
:{{A|vo mdaq018 1 ambor 11.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Come with me, we'll head to the city's ahh... {{Color|buzzword|high ground}}.

;(As the player walks by the fountain plaza)
:{{A|vo mdaq018 2 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' This used to be a bustling street... But with so many Stormterror attacks recently, the usual crowds are nowhere to be seen.
:{{A|vo mdaq018 2 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Except for the local tavern near the city wall over there. They haven't been affected. If anything, their business is better than ever.
----
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo mdaq019 3 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' So, the present I want to give you is...
:{{A|vo mdaq019 3 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' A {{Color|buzzword|Wind Glider}}!
:{{A|vo mdaq019 3 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Outriders use them to ride the wind, and the people of Mondstadt love using them too.
:{{A|vo mdaq019 3 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I brought you here to give it to you so you can experience it right away!
:{{A|vo mdaq019 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you're really excited about these wind gliders, huh!
:{{A|vo mdaq019 3 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Well that's because the wind is the heart and soul of Mondstadt!
:{{A|vo mdaq019 3 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Alrighty then, enough talk! Let's give it a whirl!
:{{A|vo mdaq019 3 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It's easy to use, but you still need to pay attention to my instructions.
;(Gliding tutorial starts)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = City of Freedom
|zhs     = 自由之都
|zhs_rm  = Zìyóu zhī Dū
|zht     = 自由之都
|zht_rm  = Zìyóu zhī Dū
|zh_tl   = City of Freedom
|ja      = 自由の都
|ja_rm   = Jiyuu no To{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = City of Freedom
|ko      = {{tt|자유|自由}}의 {{tt|도시|都市}}
|ko_rm   = Jayu-ui Dosi
|ko_tl   = City of Freedom
|es      = Capital de la Libertad
|es_tl   = Capital of Freedom
|fr      = Cité de la liberté
|fr_tl   = City of Freedom
|ru      = Город свободы
|ru_tl   = City of Freedom
|th      = เมืองหลวงแห่งอิสรภาพ
|th_rm   = Mueang-luang haeng Itsaraphap
|th_tl   = Capital of Freedom
|vi      = {{tt|Thành Phố|城舖}} {{tt|Tự Do|自由}}
|vi_tl   = Freedom City
|de      = Die Stadt der Freiheit
|de_tl   = The City of Freedom
|id      = Kota Kebebasan
|id_tl   = City of Freedom
|pt      = Capital da Liberdade
|pt_tl   = Capital of Liberty
|tr      = Özgürlük Şehri
|tr_tl   = Liberty City
|it      = Città della Libertà
|it_tl   = City of Freedom
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[es:Capital de la Libertad]]
[[fr:Cité de la liberté]]
[[id:Kota Kebebasan]]
[[ja:自由の都]]
[[pl:Miasto wolności]]
[[pt-br:Capital da Liberdade]]
[[ru:Город свободы]]
[[th:เมืองหลวงแห่งอิสรภาพ]]
[[vi:Thành Phố Tự Do]]