{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71819
|image         = Lantern Rite Tales I - Liyue Harbor.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|requirement   = Complete [[The Origin of the Lanterns]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Hero's Wit*2;Mora*20,000
|otherRewards  = * Unlocks [[Lantern Rite Tales]] I Requests
|characters    = Cai Le; Hongyi; Paimon; Traveler; Wang'ya; Xiangming; Yi Xian; Yi Zhu
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
}}
'''''City of Chores''''' is an Event Quest for Part I of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Wang'ya]]
#Give the present to [[Xiangming]]
#Give the present to [[Hongyi]]
#Give the present to [[Cai Le]]
#Ask [[Yi Xian]] and [[Yi Zhu]] about Cai Le's whereabouts
#Look for Cai Le
#Climb the tree and take down the {{Item|Xiao Lantern}}
#Talk to Cai Le
#Report back to Wang'ya

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Wang'ya]] from [[Liyue Harbor]] seems to be troubled by something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Wang'ya)
:'''Wang'ya:''' I don't know whether I'm coming or going anymore...
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:'''Wang'ya:''' No worries, I'm just trying to sort out everything that needs to be taken care of for the Lantern Rite.
:'''Wang'ya:''' It's just that... The more I think about it, the more issues come up...
:'''Wang'ya:''' Even though my colleagues took parts of the workload upon themselves, it's my turn this year to coordinate the Xiao Lantern delivery. If I don't buck up and prepare everything, I won't make it in time...
:{{DIcon}} Xiao Lantern delivery?
:{{DIcon}} How many people do you have to send them out to?
:'''Wang'ya:''' Right... When I said "Xiao Lantern delivery," I meant more than just sending out the lanterns themselves.
:'''Wang'ya:''' Simply put... It's more about playing the role of the Lantern Rite ambassador, passing on well-wishes, and creating the festive atmosphere...
:'''Wang'ya:''' Even with most people being off work for the festival, including some store owners and their staff...
:'''Wang'ya:''' There are still essential workers who can't just take a break &mdash; for example, those in charge of keeping order during the celebration, like the Millelith.
:'''Wang'ya:''' The [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]] usually sends them gifts to acknowledge their hard work around the Lantern Rite season...
:'''Wang'ya:''' I was about to visit the Millelith responsible for keeping our city safe to gift them Xiao Lanterns as a token of gratitude.
:'''Wang'ya:''' However... We're a little bit short-staffed and haven't managed to send out the gifts to all the soldiers on our list yet...
:'''Wang'ya:''' Could you do me a favor and deliver these gifts?
:{{DIcon}} How could I not?
:'''Wang'ya:''' Really? That's amazing! Thank you so much.
:{{DIcon}} Who are the lucky recipients?
:'''Wang'ya:''' Let me see... Which of the Millelith haven't been checked off...
:'''Wang'ya:''' Xiangming... Hongyi... and Cai Le.
:'''Wang'ya:''' I'll mark their stations for you. I can't thank you enough.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Lantern Rite Gift|x=3}})

;(Talk to Wang'ya again)
:'''Wang'ya:''' That's strange... Cai Xun's gift has been delivered, but Cai Le's hasn't...
:'''Wang'ya:''' Eh, somebody on the gift delivery duty must've had a slip-up...
----
;(Talk to Xiangming)
:'''Xiangming:''' Hmm? Do you need anything? I'm on duty...
:{{DIcon}} Lantern Rite gift delivery!
:'''Xiangming:''' Quiet down a bit, I'm working over here! What do you mean, gift delivery?
:'''Xiangming:''' Oh, it's from the Ministry of Civil Affairs? I see...
:'''Xiangming:''' Another year, another Lantern Rite. And I'd wanted to head home earlier this year, too...
:'''Xiangming:''' But given the current situation, I can't relax just yet... I guess I'll be heading home a few hours late again...
:'''Xiangming:''' Thanks for coming all this way. I'll take this. Thanks!
:'''Xiangming:''' *sigh* When's that fellow going to leave...
----
;(Talk to Hongyi)
:'''Hongyi:''' What's wrong with the well...
:{{DIcon}} Lantern Rite gift delivery!
:'''Hongyi:''' Huh, this must be from the Ministry of Civil Affairs. Thank you, I'll take it.
:'''Hongyi:''' Still, I need to remain on duty for a while more to ensure that no residents come to draw water from the well.
:'''Hongyi:''' *sigh* Who knows what's wrong with it... But either way, it can't be drunk from now...
----
;(Approach the gates of Liyue)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, it seems like Cai Le isn't here.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's ask those kids over there, maybe they know where he's gone.
;(Talk to the children)
:'''Yi Xian:''' *sobs* I&mdash;I haven't finished writing my wish...
:'''Yi Zhu:''' Be a good girl, Little Xian. That nice uncle from the Millelith went to fetch it for you.
:{{DIcon}} Have you seen Cai Le?
:'''Yi Zhu:''' Are you looking for that nice Millelith?
:'''Yi Zhu:''' Little Xian was writing her wish on a Xiao Lantern when she suddenly lost her grip on it, and the Lantern flew away that way...
:'''Yi Zhu:''' That Millelith told us he'd seen it hanging on a tree and went to get it for us.
:{{DIcon}} What's so special about that Xiao Lantern?
:{{DIcon}} Can't you make another one?
:'''Yi Zhu:''' I told her we could make another one, but she...
:'''Yi Xian:''' Uh... No... We can't. My brother worked so hard to make that lantern...
:'''Yi Zhu:''' Little Xian, that nice uncle will bring it back to us in no time...
:'''Yi Zhu:''' My apologies. If you really need to talk to that Millelith, you can find him over there.

;(Talk to the children again)
:'''Yi Xian:''' I... *sobs* I haven't finished writing my wish. What if it doesn't come true...
:'''Yi Zhu:''' It will. I'm sure it will, but only if you behave like a good girl, Little Xian...
----
;(Talk to Cai Le)
:'''Cai Le:''' For [[Archon]]'s sake... How do I get there? Perhaps I should try something different...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Cai Le:''' Traveler? Haha, it's nothing. I'm just wondering how to climb up that tree and retrieve that Xiao Lantern.
:'''Cai Le:''' It's so hard to fight gravity in full armor... I just slip back down each time...
:'''Cai Le:''' Eh... Would you mind lending me a helping hand? Recovering that Xiao Lantern shouldn't be too difficult for you.
:{{DIcon}} Sure thing.
:'''Cai Le:''' Great, many thanks. Let's get it done as quickly as we can so the little girl can finally cheer up.

;(Talk to Cai Le again)
:'''Cai Le:''' Luckily, that Xiao Lantern got stuck in a tree. If it'd flown any higher, we wouldn't be able to reach it...
----
;(Talk Cai Le after retrieving the lantern)
:'''Cai Le:''' Did you get the Xiao Lantern?
:{{DIcon}} Sure did.
:'''Cai Le:''' Let me take a look... Yeah, that's the one. You just made those kids' day. I'll give it back to them.
:'''Cai Le:''' I hope they are still waiting where I left them...
:{{DIcon}} About the gift...
:'''Cai Le:''' This must be from the Ministry of Civil Affairs. Alright, gratefully received. Thanks for the trouble.
:{{DIcon}} Was it also your duty as a member of the Millelith?
:'''Cai Le:''' Do you mean retrieving lost Xiao Lanterns? Hahahah, of course.
:'''Cai Le:''' Doesn't matter if it's finding Xiao Lanterns, chasing after evil-doers, or defeating monsters...
:'''Cai Le:''' The Millelith's duty is to help those in need.
:'''Cai Le:''' Thank you once again. I need to hurry up and give it back to those kids.
:'''Cai Le:''' And then I still have other tasks to complete...
----
;(Talk to Wang'ya)
:'''Wang'ya:''' You're back! How did the gift delivery go?
:{{DIcon}} Everyone's got their present.
:'''Wang'ya:''' You're a real life-saver... I wouldn't have made it without you.
:{{DIcon}} Do they have to stay on duty throughout the whole festival?
:'''Wang'ya:''' Well... The Ministry of Civil Affairs will schedule alternating shifts for them...
:'''Wang'ya:''' But Liyue is too large. There are too many stations and places that need patrolling.
:'''Wang'ya:''' We simply don't have enough recruits. Even though they take turns, some of the will get the shorter end of the stick and work during the Lantern Rite.
:'''Wang'ya:''' Besides, considering how grand the Lantern Rite celebrations are each year, some parts of the city require additional resources. No matter how we distribute our people, there's never enough manpower.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a tall order indeed...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds really difficult.
:'''Wang'ya:''' Well, that's our job... We'll do what we can to ensure that everyone has a nice Lantern Rite.
:'''Wang'ya:''' Which reminds me of other people who might need help around the festival time. It'd be nice if you could lend them a hand.
:'''Wang'ya:''' The more people we encourage to participate in the Lantern Rite, the more festive its atmosphere will get.
:'''Wang'ya:''' We send Xiao Lanterns because we'd like for everyone to be able to release one and make their own wishes.
:'''Wang'ya:''' On a broader scale... we'd like the Lantern Rite to spread far and wide. It'd be great if everyone could experience its atmosphere.
:'''Wang'ya:''' Lantern Rite is meant for everyone, after all.
:'''Wang'ya:''' Alright, duty calls. I hope you have a great time during the Lantern Rite!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/ObS0XAkQoQU
|caption1 = Quest Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = City of Chores
|zhs     = 城中诸事
|zhs_rm  = Chéngzhōng Zhūshì
|zht     = 城中諸事
|zht_rm  = Chéngzhōng Zhūshì
|zh_tl   = Various Matters Within the City
|ja      = 城内の諸々
|ja_rm   = Jounai no Moro
|ja_tl   = Various Things Inside the City
|ko      = 성의 만사
|ko_rm   = Seong-ui Mansa
|ko_tl   = Everything of the City
|es      = Asuntos urbanos
|es_tl   = Urban Affairs
|fr      = Épisodes urbains
|fr_tl   = City Episodes
|ru      = Дела городские
|ru_tl   = City Matters
|th      = เรื่องราวในเมืองใหญ่
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Mọi việc trong thành
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ereignisse in der Stadt
|de_tl   = Events in the City
|id      = Hal-Hal di Kota
|id_tl   = Things in the City
|pt      = Assuntos Urbanos
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[ja:城内の諸々]]
[[ru:Дела городские]]