{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Claymore.png
|type         = Weapon Types
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Claymores''' are one of the five [[weapon]] types that [[characters]] can use in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

Claymores restrict the character wielding them to slower hits than other melee weapons like [[Swords]] and [[Polearms]], but those hits deal much more damage per swing. Due to being considered [[Blunt Attack]]s, Claymore attacks deal increased damage to [[Geo]] objects, such as [[Rock Shield Hilichurl Guard]]s' and [[Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl]]s' shields, ore nodes and rock walls that reveal secret areas.

==Normal Attacks==
A Claymore user's Normal Attack chain typically consists of 4-5 slow, but powerful and wide, melee attacks.

==Charged Attacks==
A Claymore user's Charged Attack has a small windup before performing a furious chain of attack that continuously drains their stamina. This attack will end with a more powerful slash once the character runs out of stamina or reaches the max duration, which can also be triggered if you stop holding down the attack button.

When initiating a Charged Attack sequence from a standstill, Claymore users will cut short the animation of their first Normal Attack and transition it into the Charged Attack windup animation. However, if the first Normal Attack's [[Attack Speed]] is too fast, the character will finish performing the first Normal Attack before starting the Charged Attack windup. For example, [[Sayu]] who can normally directly enter a Charged Attack sequence from standstill, when at 150% Attack Speed, will have to perform her first Normal Attack before a Charged Attack sequence.

Two iterations of Claymore Charged Attack exist: a spinning attack for the shorter characters ([[Chongyun]], [[Noelle]], [[Razor]], [[Sayu]], [[Xinyan]]) and a continuous slash attack for the taller characters ([[Beidou]], [[Diluc]], [[Eula]]). However, they are functionally the same. [[Arataki Itto]] has access to a non-standard Charged Attack.

By default, Claymore Charged Attacks cost 40 Stamina per second and can last up to 5 seconds.

==Claymore Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Claymore Characters|noweapon=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Claymore Characters|noweapon=1}}

==List of Claymores==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Claymores|not1=Unreleased Content}}

==Artifacts==
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Claymore Bonus Artifacts}}

==Trivia==
* The word "claymore" derives from Scottish {{Lang|mini=1|gd=''claidheamh''|gd_tl=sword}} and {{Lang|mini=1|gd=''mòr''|gd_tl=great,}} meaning "great sword."
** Only the [[Favonius Greatsword]] reasonably resembles a traditional Scottish {{w|claymore}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Claymore
|zhs     = 双手剑
|zhs_rm  = Shuāngshǒu-jiàn
|zht     = 雙手劍
|zht_rm  = Shuāngshǒu-jiàn
|zh_tl   = Two-handed Sword
|ja      = 両手剣
|ja_rm   = Ryoute Ken{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Double-handed Sword
|ko      = 양손검
|ko_rm   = Yangsongeom
|ko_tl   = Double-handed Sword
|es      = Mandoble
|es_tl   = Large Sword
|fr      = Épée à deux mains
|fr_tl   = Two-handed Sword
|ru      = Двуручное оружие
|ru_tl   = Two-handed Weapon
|th      = ดาบใหญ่
|th_rm   = Dap Yai
|th_tl   = Greatsword
|vi      = Trọng Kiếm
|vi_tl   = Heavy Sword
|de      = Zweihänder
|de_tl   = Two-handed Sword
|id      = Claymore
|pt      = Espadão
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Navbox|type=Claymores|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}
[[Category:Claymores| ]]

[[uk:Клеймор]]
[[es:Mandoble]]
[[ru:Двуручное]]
[[pt-br:Espadões]]
[[vi:Trọng Kiếm]]