{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Claymore.png
|type         = Weapon Types
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Claymores''' are one of the five [[weapon]] types that [[characters]] can use in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

Claymores restrict the character wielding them to slower hits than other melee weapons like [[Swords]] and [[Polearms]], but deal more damage per hit with higher [[Interruption Resistance|interruption]] capabilities. Due to being considered [[Blunt Attack]]s, Claymore attacks deal increased damage to [[Geo]] objects and certain [[Shield]]s, and can trigger [[Shatter]] on [[Frozen]] enemies.

==Normal Attacks==
A Claymore user's Normal Attack chain typically consists of 3&ndash;5 slow, but powerful and wide, melee attacks.

==Charged Attacks==
A Claymore user's Charged Attack has a small windup before performing a rapid chain of attack that continuously drains their stamina. This attack will end with a more powerful slash if the attack button is released, if the character runs out of stamina, or if the max duration is reached. Notable exceptions include:
* [[Arataki Itto]]'s Charged Attack will perform a single slash if he has no Superlative Superstrength stacks. If he has any number of stacks, he will perform continuous slashes as with most Claymore characters, but will not consume Stamina. ([[Fight Club Legend]])
* [[Kinich]]'s Charged Attacks do not cause him to perform continuous slashes, but he instead will throw his claymore forward and spin it, dealing three instances of damage. ([[Nightsun Style]])
* [[Mavuika]]'s Charged Attack will perform single slash. ([[Flames Weave Life]])

When initiating a Charged Attack sequence from a standstill, Claymore users will cut short the animation of their first Normal Attack and transition it into the Charged Attack windup animation. However, if the first Normal Attack's [[Attack Speed]] is too fast, the character will finish performing the first Normal Attack before starting the Charged Attack windup. For example, [[Sayu]] who can normally directly enter a Charged Attack sequence from standstill, when at 150% Attack Speed, will have to perform her first Normal Attack before a Charged Attack sequence.

Two iterations of Claymore Charged Attack exist: a spinning attack for the short and medium-height characters and a continuous slash attack for the tall characters, except for [[Kaveh]] and [[Navia]], who use the spinning iteration. However, they are functionally the same. 

Typically, Claymore Charged Attacks cost 40 Stamina per second and can last up to 5 seconds. Exceptions include Arataki Itto's Charged Attack, which costs 20 Stamina with no Superlative Superstrength stacks and 0 with any number of stacks, and both Kinich's and Mavuika's Charged Attacks, which costs 50 Stamina.

==Plunging Attacks==
Claymore Plunging Attacks are considered [[Blunt Attack]]s. All Claymore users have similar animations when plunging, which involves them performing a slash downward with their sword.

==Claymore Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Claymore Characters|noweapon=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Claymore Characters|noweapon=1|nomodel=1}}

==List of Claymores==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Claymores|not1=Unreleased Content}}

==Artifacts==
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Claymore Bonus Artifacts}}

==Cost Reduction==
===Claymore Forging Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Claymore Forging Talents|notype=1}}
<!--
==={{subst:PAGENAME}} Ascension Cost Reduction Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|{{subst:PAGENAME}} Ascension Cost Reduction Talents|notype=1}}
-->
==Trivia==
* The word "claymore" derives from Scottish {{Lang|mini=1|gd=''claidheamh''|gd_tl=sword}} and {{Lang|mini=1|gd=''mòr''|gd_tl=great,}} meaning "great sword."
** Only the [[Favonius Greatsword]] reasonably resembles a traditional Scottish {{w|claymore}}.
* In ''Genshin Impact'', 'claymore' is used to classify any large, two-handed weapon, usually greatswords, but currently also includes clubs and two-handed axes.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Claymore
|zhs     = 双手剑
|zhs_rm  = Shuāngshǒu-jiàn
|zht     = 雙手劍
|zht_rm  = Shuāngshǒu-jiàn
|zh_tl   = Two-Handed Sword
|ja      = 両手剣
|ja_rm   = Ryoute-ken
|ja_tl   = Double-Handed Sword
|ko      = 양손검
|ko_tl   = Double-Handed Sword
|es      = Mandoble
|es_tl   = Large Sword
|fr      = Épée à deux mains
|fr_tl   = Two-Handed Sword
|ru      = Двуручное оружие
|ru_tl   = Two-Handed Weapon
|th      = ดาบใหญ่
|th_rm   = Dap Yai
|th_tl   = Greatsword
|vi      = Trọng Kiếm
|vi_tl   = Heavy Sword
|de      = Zweihänder
|de_tl   = Two-Handed Sword
|id      = Claymore
|pt      = Espadão
|pt_tl   = Big Sword
|tr      = Çift Elli Kılıç
|tr_tl   = Two-Handed Sword
|it      = Claymore
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Navbox|Claymores|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}
[[Category:Claymores| ]]

[[es:Mandoble]]
[[fr:Épée à deux mains]]
[[id:Claymores]]
[[ja:両手剣]]
[[pl:Claymore]]
[[pt-br:Espadões]]
[[ru:Двуручное]]
[[th:ดาบใหญ่]]
[[tr:Çift elli kılıç]]
[[uk:Клеймор]]
[[vi:Trọng Kiếm]]
[[zh:雙手劍]]