{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12040
|image         = Story Quest Cleansing Light.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter
|actNum        = II
|part          = 1
|act           = Transient Dreams
|summary       = 
|character     = Raiden Shogun
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = To Hear Mortal Hearts
|next          = Farewell to the Past
|exp           = 525
|mora          = 38,100
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|characters    = Ei; Furuyama; Hirano; Katheryne (Inazuma); Kitamura; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Cleansing Light''' is the first part of [[Raiden Shogun]]'s [[Story Quest]]: [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act II - [[Transient Dreams]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Katheryne
# Go to the area where the monsters have appeared
# Defeat the [[Rifthounds]]
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound;Rockfond Rifthound Whelp}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp*3}}
# Talk to Raiden Ei
# Look for the marks left behind
# Try to figure out what happened
# Continue the pursuit
# Defeat the Rifthounds
#* The player's party will be locked to only the Raiden Shogun during this battle, so be wary of corrosion.
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp*2}}
# Talk to the person who appeared
# Go to the Kamisato Estate to get a tea set
# Talk to Ei
# Go to where the tea master is
# Talk to Ei once again

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
<!--World Levels-->
|wl                     = 5, 8

<!--Character-->
|character_name          = Raiden Shogun

|character_level5        = 71
|constellation5          = 3

|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

<!--Weapom-->
|weapon_name             = Engulfing Lightning

|weapon_level5           = 71
|refinement5             = 1

|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

<!--Artifacts-->
|artifact_flower         = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather        = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands          = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet         = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet        = Royal Masque
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4

|artifact_level5         = 16
|artifact_level8         = 20

<!--Talents-->
|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 5
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 8

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 11

<!--Stats-->
|hp5                     = 20,788
|atk5                    = 1,770
|def5                    = 732
|em5                     = 42
|er5                     = 204.4%
|crit_rate5              = 51.8%
|crit_dmg5               = 91.9%

|hp8                     = 26,939
|atk8                    = 2,274
|def8                    = 935
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 222.1%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Adventurers' Guild in Inazuma seems to have a commission concerning the Sacred Sakura...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne at the Inazuma Adventurers' Guild)
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Ad astra abyssosque, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Recently, the Adventurers' Guild has received an unusual commission, and after careful consideration, we believe that&mdash;
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "The traveler would be the most suitable candidate." Right?
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hehe, indeed. As ever.
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I will spare the pleasantries, then. May I ask if you two are available to help?
:{{DIcon}} Of course, that's what we're here for.
:{{DIcon}} It'll depend on the task and the compensation.
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Well, let me go over it briefly. Our client for this job is the [[Yashiro Commission]]. Apparently, [[rifthounds]] are attacking the roots of the Sacred Sakura nearby Mt. Yougou in great numbers.
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Rifthounds? ...On Narukami Island?
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Yes. We are not sure where exactly these creatures come from. But this time, they are attacking in alarming numbers with great aggression and a clear target.
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 07.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' The [[Sacred Sakura]] is of tremendous importance to Inazuma. I trust you are aware of this already?
:{{DIcon}} I believe I understand.
::{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 08a.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Good. Then you can see that this case is very urgent indeed.
:{{DIcon}} I'm hazy.
::{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 08b.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' For a long time, the Sacred Sakura has been absorbing filth from Inazuma's [[Ley Lines]] to maintain stability in the land.
::{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 08b 1.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' If it were ever damaged, the filth would once again invade Inazuma, causing great catastrophe. That's why this is a rather urgent case.
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is the [[Tenryou Commission]] aware?
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 09.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Yes, and they are already taking action of their own. However, given that the Sacred Sakura's root system is vast and complex, and faced with the unpredictability and scale of the rifthounds' attacks, they are finding it difficult to defend against them.
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 10.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Their main priority is to protect the civilian population. So they are actively looking to cooperate with all other available forces to eliminate the monsters.
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 11.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' The Adventurers' Guild is one of the key parties assisting the Tenryou Commission with their work. But so far, the combined efforts to combat the rifthounds has failed to substantially ameliorate the situation.
:{{DIcon}} Time to make some whelps yelp.
:{{DIcon}} I'll send these pooches packing.
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 12.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' You have our deepest gratitude. Your confident response puts me far more at ease.
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 katheryne 13.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I will mark on your map the areas where rifthound appearances have been recently reported. I hope you won't encounter too much trouble overcoming them.
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Relax! We'll be back before you can say "ad astra abyssosque."

;(After talking to Katheryne if [[Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual]] is completed)
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Sacred Sakura's in danger again, huh. Who'd have thought.
:{{A|vo sglq101 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Keeping the Sacred Sakura safe was [[Hanachirusato]]'s greatest wish, and now these mangy mutts are trying to destroy it. Time to teach them a lesson!

;(Go to the area where the monsters have appeared)
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They're attacking the Sacred Sakura! Stop them!

;(After defeating the second wave of Rifthounds)
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, there are so many of them! No wonder the Tenryou Commission needed help...
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on, (Traveler)! You can take 'em!

;(After defeating the third wave of Rifthounds, two more Thundercraven Rifthound Whelps approach the Traveler)
;(And just as they attack...)
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun?:''' Torn to oblivion!
;(The whelps are defeated by the "Raiden Shogun?" much to Paimon's surprise)

;(Talk to Raiden Ei)
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sh&mdash;Shogun? Wait, no... could also be Ei...
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun?:''' ...It's you two.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It has been a long time. We have not seen each other since the resolution of the Tenryou Commission crisis.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, sounds more like Ei... it is you, right?
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You sure made short work of them. That was amazing!
:{{DIcon}} ...What are you doing here?
:{{DIcon}} What brings you out this time?
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I'm making early preparations for what is to come.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Last time we took a walk around Inazuma together, I witnessed the way the world is today. I was finally able to comprehend some things that I had never understood in the past.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Since then, every time I encounter an obstacle in my thinking, I find myself having the urge to spend some time in the outside world.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Makes sense. You must get super bored being stuck in there all the time.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...Might I remind you that I am not here to amuse myself.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Recently, I have observed a number of changes in the external world from the [[Plane of Euthymia]]. The most serious of these being the attack on the Sacred Sakura by numerous rifthounds.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I considered this matter worthy of my attention. So I pursued them, and they led me here, where I happened to run into you.
:{{DIcon}} But the Commissions and adventurers can deal with monsters.
:{{DIcon}} It doesn't seem like a matter needing the archon's attention...
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' If the Shogun rather than I were to discover them... Yes, perhaps she would have left the situation alone.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? Why? Because she's just a puppet?
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Precisely. According to the rules I designed for her, matters of this nature are to be delegated to the [[Tri-Commission]].
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But rifthounds attacking the Sacred Sakura... it brings back bad memories of that terrible disaster...
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A disaster?
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes. Five hundred years ago, a great catastrophe befell Inazuma.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 14.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Everything was engulfed in a pitch-black fog and monsters ravaged the land... Countless lives were lost, and this homeland that the people had worked so hard to build barely escaped being obliterated entirely.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 15.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The monsters committed many atrocities on Inazuman soil. And the rifthounds were always their advance guard.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 16.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Their duty was to tear open a passage through space with their claws and teeth, and then call in even more powerful beasts.
:{{DIcon}} Five hundred years ago... [[Khaenri'ah]].
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 17.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hmm. So you've heard of it, too.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 18.ogg}} '''Ei:''' That's an episode of history that I am loath to recall. Maybe to you, it seems like my response to these creatures was an excessive one.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 19.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But an excess of caution is not unwarranted in this case.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess you can't argue with that...
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 20.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Since we are both here for the same reason, let us work together.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 raidenei 21.ogg}} '''Ei:''' From the traces they've left in the surrounding area, there should be many more monsters nearby. All of them must be eliminated.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon feels so safe when we're in Ei's company! Having someone uber-powerful on your team kinda makes you feel invincible, doesn't it?
:{{A|vo sglq101 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah &mdash; after we've dealt with the monsters, we should ask her to tell us more about Khaenri'ah.
{{Dialogue end}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|The Adventurers' Guild has noticed that the Rifthounds are attacking the Sacred Sakura. As you head to resolve this incident, you encounter Raiden Ei. After speaking with her, you decide to travel together.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Look for the marks left behind)
:{{A|vo sglq101 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This color... It's similar to the color when the Sacred Sakura takes damage!
:{{A|vo sglq101 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's follow it, it should be this way.

;(Try to figure out what happened)
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' We are lucky... the damage is not too serious. The [[Yashiro Commission]] will be able to nurse the root system back to health.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This stuff that's flowing out, is it sap or something? And how come it's glowing...

:{{color|menu|The light disperses in all directions before coalescing into human form...}}

:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Huh?
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What's this?
:{{DIcon}} Is someone injured?
:{{DIcon}} How terrible.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could they be... dead people? It wouldn't be the first time we'd seen ghosts on our journey.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... why would they appear here?
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Let's search the area. Perhaps we will find out.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 01.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' Ugh... ugh...
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 02.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' I can't go on like this... not when the other troops are counting on me...
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What happened here? Could you tell us?
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 03.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' Who are you? What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 04.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' Run, quick, while you still can! The monsters will be back... And once you're in their sights, I'm telling you &mdash; there's no escaping them!
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 05.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' We will defend Inazuma... until our dying breath!
:{{DIcon}} What exactly happened?
:{{DIcon}} What monsters?
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 06.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' You... you don't know? Inazuma is engulfed in darkness.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 07.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' Beasts and horrifying monsters are everywhere! They are merciless, ferocious... and they will devour everything in their path...
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 08.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' Every last trace of humanity's existence, I tell you... they'll devour it all...
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But look... none of that seems to be going on around here.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 09.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' Not right now, but they'll be back... Look &mdash; get out of here, now!!! There's no time left!
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 10.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' The Almighty Shogun is gone, so is [[Kitsune Saiguu]]. There's no one left to rely on but ourselves.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 11.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' I don't know how long we can hold out for, but... if we abandon our hope, then we've got nothing left at all.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Don't worry. I am right here.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 12.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' It's... the Shogun!?
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 13.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' You're back!
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 14.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' Please, we beg you... you have to help us... you have to save Inazuma!
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 15.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' Only the glow of your supreme lightning can dispel this terrible darkness... please, or the whole of Inazuma will be reduced to a hunting ground for the beasts!
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Calm down. The war you speak of is over.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 16.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' Over? But... what do you mean, Shogun...
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Look around you. The grass grows green and lush and a soft breeze blows. This is Inazuma at peace, as you will no doubt remember.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' There are no monsters, nor is there anything else here that could threaten your life.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 17.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 18.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' But... how? Just moments ago, they were everywhere...
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 19.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' I saw them tear my comrade to shreds with my own eyes...
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, calm down! Everything's fine now!
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 20.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' Huh...
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 21.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' I think I understand... Almighty Shogun... you saved Inazuma!
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 22.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' Yes... we were right to place our trust in the Almighty Shogun. As long as the Shogun is with us, Inazuma will last for an eternity...
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 kitamura 23.ogg}} '''Kitamura:''' Thank you, Your Excellency, thank you, thank you...
;(The ghostly samurai dissipates)
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What's wrong with him?
:{{DIcon}} Is he disappearing?
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...He's gone.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Paimon can't even begin to understand what that was all about... but somehow, Paimon feels all sad and hopeless...
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' If I am not mistaken, what we just saw was a samurai's memory that was buried in the land.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The Sacred Sakura can absorb and purify the filth in the Ley Lines. After the rifthounds attacked, some of this filth leaked out through the cracks in the trunk and formed a physical entity.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' An entity formed with strong filth would be highly aggressive. But when purified, it presents in the form of a memory.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Purified filth quickly dissipates and will be absorbed by the Ley Lines shortly afterwards. In other words, it cannot exist for too long.
:{{DIcon}} I see...
:{{DIcon}} The same thing happened to Dusky Ming.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the memories of the ones that died are all appearing at this moment?
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes. That soldier was one of the many thousands who made the ultimate sacrifice. What he was describing just now was precisely the disaster that happened in Inazuma 500 years ago.
:{{DIcon}} He mentioned that the Shogun was absent...
:{{DIcon}} He mentioned that Kitsune Saiguu was absent...
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes. Inazuma was facing many great crises at that time. Some were local in origin, while others... others came from the now-fallen kingdom of Khaenri'ah.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 14.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The disaster in Inazuma caused me great concern. I felt that I had to step in before it was too late, otherwise it would spread to all of Teyvat.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 15.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But my friend, Kitsune Saiguu, reassured me that I had nothing to worry about. She would shoulder the responsibility of protecting Inazuma, and mobilize all forces at her disposal to combat the threat.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 16.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...I could tell that although neither of us acknowledged it, we both knew that the road ahead would likely end in tragedy.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... Inazuma was attacked at the same time as when the disaster happened in Khaenri'ah?
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 17.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Indeed. Countless monsters suddenly appeared throughout all of Inazuma. In the end... Kitsune Saiguu sacrificed her life to protect the people.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 18.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I never had the chance to see her one last time. But I would like to believe that she kept her promise to me until the very last.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 19.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But even then, Inazuma was left more devastated than we could have ever imagined. Those terrible tragedies left great wounds that are still felt to this day, both on the land itself... and in my heart.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ei...
:{{DIcon}} Is this the "loss" that Yae Miko mentioned?
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 20.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes. For the longest time, I couldn't bring myself to face the pain of that loss.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 21.ogg}} '''Ei:''' All my martial might was in vain... Though I could conquer [[Tatarigami]] and vanquish monsters, I was helpless against the ravages of time, powerless to keep the ones I cherished alive.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 22.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 23.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But after my clash with human ambition, I thought long and hard. Now I realize I cannot fixate on the past forever.
:{{DIcon}} So you're no longer stuck in the past?
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 24.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...When I traveled around Inazuma with you, I caught a glimpse of how the nation has progressed over the centuries. A glimpse of human potential. Everything far exceeded my expectations.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 25.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Moving forward inevitably invites further loss, but also new encounters.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 26.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Just think of that soldier. Despite all the losses he had experienced, he still chose to keep fighting, for the sake of moving forward.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 27.ogg}} '''Ei:''' All those who sacrificed themselves back then gave their lives fighting for a future... but perhaps the future they were hoping for is not the eternity that I once strove for.
:{{DIcon}} Absolutely.
:{{DIcon}} That's what being human is about.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 28.ogg}} '''Ei:''' As Inazuma's god, it is high time I honored their wishes.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 29.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Warriors of the past who spilled your blood on this land, your noble souls now rest in this earth.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 30.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I will never forget you, and all that you did for Inazuma.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ei's taking all this pretty hard...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 31.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Come on. Let's keep investigating the damage to the Sacred Sakura.

----
;(Continue the pursuit and defeat the Rifthounds)
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As expected, there are a load of rifthounds here, too.
:{{A|vo sglq101 4 raidenei 32.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Leave them to me.

;(Talk to Ei and the person who appeared after defeating the Rifthounds)
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, something seems wrong with Ei...
:{{DIcon}} Are you feeling okay?
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Why would you ask that?
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, usually, you'd pull out your sword and "swish," vaporize them all in one go, no?
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' You are unduly concerned. I'm simply conserving my energy.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Although I have some understanding of the situation already, it could take an unexpected turn at any time.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I must be prepared for anything. If there are more formidable monsters lying in wait in this area, I must make sure I have the strength to face them.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, makes sense! Spoken like a seasoned shogun.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The roots seem pretty badly damaged this time... We definitely need to tell the Yashiro Commission about this.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, the same light is leaking out again.

:{{color|menu|The light disperses in all directions before coalescing into human form once again...}}

:{{DIcon}} Is it the same situation as before?
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...Furuyama? Is that you?
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 01.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' Hmm?
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 02.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' Almighty Shogun? What brings you back so soon? I thought you were off fighting a battle in a distant land?
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Fighting a battle in a distant land? Sounds like this guy's talking about 500 years ago, too.)
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Allow me to introduce Furuyama. He is a tea master and a member of my retinue.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Though blind, Furuyama is unparalleled in his ability to appraise tea. He brews some of the very finest tea in all of Inazuma.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 03.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' Your Excellency, you shower me with praise undeserved. I have simply had the good fortune to be in Your Excellency's presence long enough to become acquainted with all the skills that are required of me.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 04.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' It sounds like the Almighty Shogun has brought a guest?
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 05.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' ...I'm afraid I am unable to serve you any respectable refreshments on account of the current situation... but please sit and rest.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 06.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' After all... it's quite a mess out there.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... what should we do?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go along with what he says.
:{{DIcon}} I want to learn more about the past.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, um... yeah, sheesh, there's monsters everywhere out there, it's pitch-black, and loads of people have been injured...
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 07.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' I see. So they have fought their way this far already.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 08.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' Most of the residents in this neighborhood have already escaped. They wanted to take me with them, but it seemed rather pointless to me. So I decided to stay.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 09.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' And now the Almighty Shogun is here, I have even less reason to run away, hehe.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 10.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' Imagine, if this was something that even the Almighty Shogun was powerless to resolve, where could I possibly run to then?
:{{DIcon}} How come you're not panicking?
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 11.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' People flee out of a desire to live on. And the desire to live on stems from a feeling of having unfinished business in life.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 12.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' But me? I have no such thoughts, and I have no regrets.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 13.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' The Almighty Shogun often speaks to me about her dreams over tea.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 14.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' Just listening to her stories, ahh... I've been blind for many years, but her vivid descriptions took me on a splendid journey to all the most beautiful places in Inazuma... Over time, I've come to understand her mindset. Quite the romantic at heart. A true dreamer.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 15.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' One thing she always says is... "Good things don't last forever. Everything changes, fades, disappears completely over the passage of time. And so, people must make the most of the life they have, seize the chance to enjoy it while it lasts, and have no regrets in the end..."
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm...
:{{DIcon}} (That doesn't sound like Ei at all...)
:{{DIcon}} (This doesn't fit the definition of eternity at all.)
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 16.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' So you see, as bleak as things may be now, I have experienced countless wonderful things in life, and have no reason not to be satisfied.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Perhaps... you are right.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 17.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' It won't be long now before I have to say goodbye to the Almighty Shogun for the last time. Ah, what a pity... I'll never get to see what Inazuma looks like after the Almighty Shogun rebuilds it anew.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 18.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' But I suppose it doesn't matter. Everyone says that Inazuma has turned dark now... but to me, it went dark a long time ago.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 19.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' Once this catastrophe is over, life is sure to spring forth anew. But even if I survived until then, I'd probably be a hopelessly befuddled old so-and-so by then... Hahaha, so never mind, eh.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 20.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' Oh, goodness me. Speaking of befuddled, look at me rambling away to my heart's content and forgetting to serve the tea.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 21.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' The Almighty Shogun comes to visit and I don't have the tea ready. A truly egregious loss of decorum.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 22.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' One moment, I'll just... Hmm? Where in the world is the tea set?
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 23.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' I hope the others didn't smash it to smithereens in their hasty departure.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can't see a tea set anywhere around here...
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 24.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' Really? But it's always been right by my side... Goodness gracious... What a fool I'm making of myself.
:{{DIcon}} We know where to find a tea set.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 25.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' I couldn't possibly have my guests fetch it themselves, that would be most discourteous indeed.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Don't worry about it. Take a rest, we'll be back right away.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 26.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' Almighty Shogun, you're not going too, are you? No, no, no, your humble servant implores you... Not with the war raging outside...
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' This place is... complicated. It's quite unlike the tea house in your memories.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Leave it to us.
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 27.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' But... well, okay. I never thought I'd see the day that I need the Almighty Shogun to personally collect my tea set for me...
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 furuyama 28.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' I can't decide whether it's a final regret or a final stroke of good fortune, haha.

;(After talking to Furuyama)
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where should we go to find a tea set?
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Having a cup of tea isn't exactly the most urgent thing to do right now... but at the same time, this lovely old man from 500 years ago has been through so much, and it makes Paimon so sad...
:{{A|vo sglq101 5 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I'm also feeling very nostalgic for his tea.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, why don't we go to the Kamisato Estate? There'll definitely be a tea set we can borrow there.

;(Talk to Furuyama again)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq101 furuyama 01.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' After my eyes went bad, many aspects of daily life became much more challenging. But I always wanted to be a competent tea brewer, right to the end.
:{{A|vo dialog sglq101 furuyama 02.ogg}} '''Furuyama:''' *sigh* But now, it looks like I have to rely on you.

----
;(Go to the Kamisato Estate to get a tea set)
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 hirano 01.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' It's the Traveler, and... the Almighty Shogun!
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 hirano 02.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' How might I be of assistance, Your Excellency?
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I wish to borrow a tea set from the Yashiro Commission.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 hirano 03.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' Oh, uh, sure! I'll fetch that for you right away.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 hirano 04.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' Uh, please step into the courtyard and have a rest, Almighty Shogun. Oh, and I'll inform my lord about your visit immediately. Ah, and the tea set, I'll bring that here as soon as it's ready...
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Be at ease, I'm not here to see Commissioner Kamisato. Actually, I'd prefer to spend this time chatting with the Traveler. Please, fetch the tea set at your convenience.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 hirano 05.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' No, no, no. I am your humble servant, I daren't think of my own convenience when the Almighty Shogun graces me with her presence! I'll deal with it right away.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Well, it's not often we have the chance to chat. I'm sure you must have a lot of questions?
:{{DIcon}} Was it really you that that tea master used to serve?
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, Paimon wanted to ask that, too! The Almighty Shogun that he described didn't sound anything like you at all.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I seldom had the time to drink tea. Any free time I had was spent practicing martial arts.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' So in the vast majority of cases, the one he made tea for was the former Electro Archon... who was also my sister. [[Raiden Makoto]].
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' He may well have had an inkling about there being two "Raiden Shoguns." But he always acted as if he was completely unaware of it.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The philosophy of life that he shared with us just now, that was Makoto's view on reality. She always saw things that way.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You and Makoto had pretty different views, huh...
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Indeed we did. It was the biggest difference between us.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' In her eyes, the most precious things in this world were dreams &mdash; the yearning for a better future held by living beings.
:{{DIcon}} Dreams... or in other words, "ambitions"?
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' They are similar, but not identical.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' When you came charging into the Plane of Euthymia, I saw human aspirations light up the sky far above in the form of countless stars. This... somewhat shook me.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Now, it seems like she was right, while I took the wayward path.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow. There sure was a lot going on beneath the surface...
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Makoto saw a bigger picture than I did. In her view, a "dream" is more imaginary, more abstract than an "ambition."
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 14.ogg}} '''Ei:''' An "ambition" is a yearning for something material, or a concrete outcome. It is finite in nature, and will be replaced by a new ambition in due course.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 15.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Makoto was more concerned with the force that drives humans to constantly generate new ambitions in the first place. It is something innate, rooted in instinct &mdash; in other words... it is something eternal.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's, uh, quite a lot to take in...
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 16.ogg}} '''Ei:''' To put it simply, Makoto wasn't concerned about outcomes.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 17.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I didn't understand at the time. How can we say that we are maintaining eternity when things are constantly moving forward and evolving?
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 18.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I suppose what it comes down to is the definition of "eternity" she set out with.
:{{DIcon}} It seems more in line with how humans view the world.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 19.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes, it does. I always thought that she must have grasped some elusive, arcane wisdom to arrive at the conclusions she did.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 20.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But in the last analysis, Makoto's philosophy was &mdash; on the surface, at least &mdash; an elegantly simple one. Notwithstanding that it was also the more prudent choice, based on a more mature, far-sighted outlook.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you feel you're starting to understand her better now?
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 21.ogg}} '''Ei:''' You have already witnessed my previous views on eternity.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 22.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But now, I no longer cling to what was lost. I suppose that means our differences have been reconciled.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 hirano 06.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' Almighty Shogun, I found a tea set! This one in particular should be fit for Your Excellency's use...
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 23.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's quite beautiful. Thank you.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 hirano 07.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' You are too kind, a humble servant such as I does not deserve the gratitude of the Almighty Shogun...
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's all good, Sir! She's actually pretty chill.
:{{A|vo sglq101 6 raidenei 24.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Let us return. We ought not keep Furuyama waiting too long.

;(Talk to Hirano again)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq101 hirano 01.ogg}} '''Hirano:''' Take care, Almighty Shogun. You too, Traveler... And you too, um, uh... y&mdash;you take care too, anyway.

----
;(Go to where the tea master is)

;(Talk to Ei again after failing to find the tea master)
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, where'd he go?
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He wouldn't have gone looking for a tea set himself, would he?
:{{DIcon}} Wouldn't put it past him...
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Or perhaps the Ley Lines did not have the power to sustain him for very long. As was the case with the memory we saw earlier.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... so we won't get to drink his tea?
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We didn't even have a chance to say goodbye... *sobs*
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The information held in the Ley Lines is complex and disorderly. The fact that we were able to meet him to begin with was a miracle of fate...
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mmm...
:{{DIcon}} Cheer up, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Let's make our own tea.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Well, this chance won't come often, and we do have a tea set. Perhaps I should try my hand at making us a pot of tea.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I've watched Furuyama brew tea on many occasions... I doubt I should have any major problems doing it myself.

:'''Ei brews a piping-hot pot of tea with the tea set.'''

:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The tea is ready, please give it a try.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' So many thoughts were racing through my head as I was brewing it, I... I'm not sure how to explain it...
:{{DIcon}} You don't need to. I understand.
:{{DIcon}} It's just the memories flooding back in...
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' You're right, but the things we've seen today have brought back many memories for me.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I've been reminded of many people, too. Kitsune Saiguu, Makoto, and all the other friends who I watched pass even further back.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Back at the Yashiro Commission, I kept the conversation reasonably light-hearted. But now... I'd like to broach a heavier topic, if I may.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The events of 500 years ago not only robbed me of my friend, Kitsune Saiguu... they also took Makoto away from me for good.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She died in that disaster too?
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes. She went to Khaenri'ah alone, without telling me.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Unlike me, Makoto was no martial artist. Whenever similar crises had arisen in the past, I was always the one to face them in her stead.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But this time, the circumstances were so grave that Makoto had no choice but to leave me behind. Or... perhaps it was more that she went ahead of me, put herself in front of me so that I would remain hidden. In any case, by the time I realized what was happening...
:{{DIcon}} Makoto had already...
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 14.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes. It was too late. I arrived only in time to hear her dying breath.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 15.ogg}} '''Ei:''' She had already lapsed into unconsciousness by that point, so all I could do was enter into her mind... As far as you're concerned, it would be somewhere similar to the Plane of Euthymia.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 16.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It was there that we bid each other a final farewell. I cried bitterly. Even in those final moments, I couldn't understand her actions.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 17.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Why did she go to Khaenri'ah first, and not I? Why did she keep me in the dark about it? Was it to shield me?
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 18.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It was there and then that I resolved to pursue eternity. As a testament to that decision, I saved her [[Realm of Consciousness|realm of consciousness]] just before it collapsed completely, and brought it back to Inazuma.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's quite a story...
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 19.ogg}} '''Ei:''' When I returned to Inazuma, I was shocked to find that a great sakura tree had appeared on Mt. Yougou. The tree that you know as the Sacred Sakura.
:{{DIcon}} ..."Appeared"?
:{{DIcon}} The Sacred Sakura has always been there, hasn't it?
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 20.ogg}} '''Ei:''' That's exactly what everyone back then told me as well. That it had existed since time immemorial. They were so matter-of-fact about it, and couldn't at all understand what I was so surprised about.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 21.ogg}} '''Ei:''' No one questioned it, and yet its presence contrasted so starkly with the area as I remembered it... it seemed as if I was the only one to have noticed it appear suddenly out of thin air.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 22.ogg}} '''Ei:''' In the end, I simply had to accept that it was a miraculous effect of Makoto's consciousness.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 23.ogg}} '''Ei:''' With the help of the Sacred Sakura's power, I was finally able to overcome the monsters and quell the disaster in Inazuma.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is all really hard to understand... Kinda beyond Paimon's level.
:{{DIcon}} Simply put, Makoto's power somehow made that tree appear.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 24.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes... She had such a great love for this land, and for its people. In this respect, I still do not compare to her.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 25.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I once told myself that I would never speak of these events again. Facing the fact that she is gone is unbearably painful.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 26.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But even the tea that is most bitter to the tongue, once swallowed, leaves some sweetness in the throat.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 27.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...And it's time I came to terms with it all.
:{{DIcon}} It seems like you've done a lot of thinking about this already.
:{{DIcon}} I know the pain of separation too.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, um, while we're on the topic, since you experienced that battle in person...
:{{DIcon}} Have you seen my {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}} before?
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 28a.ogg}} {{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 28b.ogg}} '''Ei:''' {{MC|Sister|Brother|mc=1}}? Hmm... I had heard that you were looking for your family.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 29a.ogg}} {{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 29b.ogg}} '''Ei:''' You mean to say that {{MC|she|he|mc=1}} was somehow involved in the Khaenri'ah disaster?
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Based on what we've learned so far, it seems so, yeah.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 30.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I'm sorry. I wasn't there for the whole thing. By the time I arrived, the worst of the fighting was already over.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 31.ogg}} '''Ei:''' And also... my mind was consumed entirely with the plight of Inazuma and the fate of those closest to me.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 32.ogg}} '''Ei:''' So I am afraid I can't help you.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... well that's a shame. But it can't be helped I guess...
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 paimon 12a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Boy, both of you have experienced great tragedy...
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 33.ogg}} '''Ei:''' With this last cup of tea, let us honor the tea master's memory.
:{{A|vo sglq101 7 raidenei 34.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Thank you, destiny, for giving us the chance to meet again.

;(Observe the teacup after the quest ends)
:'''Observe Teacup:''' (A cup of tea has been left for Furuyama.)
:'''Observe Teacup:''' (How much did he actually perceive, and how much did he let on?)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cleansing Light
|zhs     = 涤荡秽浊之光
|zhs_rm  = Dídàng Huìzhuó zhī Guāng
|zht     = 滌蕩穢濁之光
|zht_rm  = Dídàng Huìzhuó zhī Guāng
|zh_tl   = Light that Cleanses the Filth
|ja      = 不浄祓いし明光
|ja_rm   = Fujou Haraishi Meikou
|ja_tl   = Light That Purifies Filth
|ko      = 오염된 빛 정화
|ko_rm   = Oyeomdoen Bit Jeonghwa
|ko_tl   = Purifying Polluted Light
|es      = Luz purificadora
|es_tl   = Cleansing Light
|fr      = Lumière de purification
|fr_tl   = Light of Cleansing
|ru      = Свет, очищающий от скверны
|ru_tl   = Light That Cleanses the Filth
|th      = แสงแห่งการชำระล้าง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Light of Cleansing
|vi      = Ánh Sáng Gột Rửa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Läuterndes Licht
|de_tl   = Purifying Light
|id      = Cahaya Penyucian
|id_tl   = Purifying Light
|pt      = Luz Purificadora
|pt_tl   = Cleansing Light
|tr      = Arındırıcı Işık
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Luce purificatrice
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[es:Luz purificadora]]
[[pt-br:Luz Purificadora]]
[[vi:Ánh Sáng Gột Rửa]]