{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20104
|type          = Commission
|npc           = Moco
|requirement   = Complete [[Cleanup At Dawn]]
|startLocation = [[Dawn Winery]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Dawn Winery
|characters    = Hillie; Moco; Paimon; Traveler
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Cleanup At Dawn II''''' is a [[Commissions|commission quest]].

It requires completing [[Archon Quests]] Prologue, Act 3: [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]] and the [[World Quests|World Quest]] [[Cleanup At Dawn]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Moco]] and [[Hillie]] outside of the [[Dawn Winery]]
#Sweep up the pile of leaves (0/5)
##Use [[Anemo]] or [[Pyro]] attacks to clean up the leaves
#Talk to Moco and Hillie

==Gameplay Notes==
* You can successfully use Pyro to burn away the leaves if you're careful. However, there's a big risk to also burn the surrounding hay, which will instantly end the quest, even if you have not burned all 5 leaf piles. While this leaves Hillie and Moco quite upset, this does not affect the rewards gained from this commission.
* You can clean up the leaves before accepting the commission, but this does not affect the commission&mdash;the leaves will be reset.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|At the behest of head housemaid [[Adelinde]], maids [[Moco]] and [[Hillie]] have begun cleaning up. However, they seem to have run into a spot of trouble...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Moco and start the quest)
:'''Moco:''' What're we gonna do!?
:'''Hillie:''' Adelinde is totally gonna freak out...
:{{DIcon}} What's up?
:'''Moco:''' So, Adelinde asked us to tidy up the area around the Winery.
:'''Hillie:''' Most places were fine, but there are all these haystacks lying around.
:'''Moco:''' [[Connor]] said he's storing them here because he needs them for something.
:'''Hillie:''' They're bound pretty tight, so at least they didn't get blown away in the wind. But still, a load of leaves got blown in among the hay.
:'''Moco:''' We worked really hard at it, but we still didn't manage to get all the leaves out.
:'''Hillie:''' If we keep on at this pace, the head housemaid Adelinde is gonna freak out... What're we gonna do?
:{{DIcon}} Allow me.
::'''Moco:''' Seriously? You're awesome! Thanks.
:{{DIcon}} So, the leaves are hard to get rid of?
::'''Hillie:''' When they're mixed in with the hay they sure are. We have to pick them out one by one, which takes forever...
::'''Hillie:''' If you've got a better idea, I'm all ears!

;(Talk to Moco or Hillie again)
:'''Moco:''' Ugh, my clothes are filthy now.
:'''Hillie:''' And we didn't even clear out all the leaves.
:'''Moco:''' What're we gonna do?
----
;(After using Anemo to blow away the leaves)
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, you can use Anemo to blow all the leaves out from the haystack.
:'''Paimon:''' Not a bad idea!
;(After using Pyro to burn the leaves and the hay)
:'''Paimon:''' Yikes, fire! It's fire!
:'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What're we gonna do now? The whole thing went up in smoke...
----
;(Report back after clearing the leaves with Anemo)
:'''Moco:''' How did it go?
:'''Hillie:''' Did you get them all?
:{{DIcon}} Every last one.
:'''Moco:''' Oh my gosh, you're awesome!
:'''Hillie:''' Traveler, you're the best person ever!
:'''Moco:''' Thanks! Now Adelinde won't be on our backs.
:'''Hillie:''' Please take these as our thank-you gift.
:'''Moco:''' Right, we've got other places to clean now. Thanks again! See you.

;(Report back after destroying the hay with Pyro)
:'''Moco:''' What did you go and do that for!? You've burned down the haystack!
:'''Hillie:''' Gee thanks... now Adelinde's gonna freak out for sure &mdash; and on top of that, she's definitely gonna fire us too!
:{{DIcon}} It was an accident...
:'''Moco:''' Ugh, we should've just kept on picking them out one by one.
:'''Hillie:''' Darn it... There's no way back from this...
:{{DIcon}} I, ah...
:'''Moco:''' Traveler, you'd better get outta here. This was our responsibility.
:'''Hillie:''' It's our fault for getting someone to help who doesn't know a thing about cleaning.
:'''Moco:''' What is Adelinde gonna do when she finds out...
:'''Hillie:''' She's gonna be so mad...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cleanup At Dawn II
|zhs     = 酒庄大扫除之二
|zhs_rm  = Jiǔ Zhuāng Dàsǎochú zhī Èr
|zht     = 酒莊大掃除之二
|zht_rm  = Jiǔ Zhuāng Dàsǎochú zhī Èr
|zh_tl   = Winery Major Cleanup - Two
|ja      = ワイナリーの大掃除・2
|ja_rm   = Wainarii no Oosouji - Ni
|ja_tl   = Winery Major Cleanup - Two
|ko      = 와이너리 대청소 2탄
|ko_rm   = Waineori Daecheongso Itan
|ko_tl   = The Second Winery Major Cleanup
|es      = Hora de limpiar el viñedo (II)
|es_tl   = Time to Clean the Vineyard (II)
|fr      = Grand ménage au Domaine de l'Aurore
|fr_tl   = Big Cleaning At the Domain of the Dawn
|fr_note = "Domain" refers to a domaine viticole lit. "viticulture domain", the French word for "winery."
|ru      = Уборка на винокурне II
|ru_tl   = General Cleaning in Distillery II
|th      = ทำความสะอาดครั้งใหญ่ของโรงกลั่น (2)
|th_rm   = Tham khwam sa-at khrang yai khong rong klan
|th_tl   = The Big Cleanup of the Refinery (2)
|th_note = {{Lang|th=โรงกลั่น|th_rm=rong klan|th_tl=refinery|mini=1}} refers to the Dawn Winery. This quest's title oddly differs from the title of its previous quest, [[Cleanup At Dawn]].
|vi      = Quét Dọn Tửu Trang 2
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Großreinigung auf dem Weingut II
|de_tl   = Major Cleaning on the Winery II
|id      = Pembersihan Kilang Anggur II
|id_tl   = Winery Cleanup II
|pt      = Hora de Limpar o Vinhedo (II)
|pt_tl   = Time to Clean the Vineyard (II)
|tr      = Şafakta Temizlik II
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Pulizie all'alba II
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:Hora de limpiar el viñedo (II)]]
[[pt-br:Hora de Limpar o Vinhedo (II)]]
[[ru:Уборка на винокурне II]]
[[fr:Grand ménage au Domaine de l'Aurore]]