{{Domain Infobox
|image        = Domain Clear Pool and Mountain Cavern.png
|type         = Blessing
|description  = Mt. Aocang is a place of secret wonders. What at first merely seems like beautiful scenery in fact conceals a stone cave that connects to the heavens and breathes out clouds. Nonetheless, this is not how the saying "where the clouds emerge" was derived.
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Minlin
|subarea      = Mt. Aocang
|requiredAR   = 35/40/45
|recLevel     = 69/80/90
|recElements  = Geo
}}
{{Description|This ancient blessed altar is filled with monsters that fear  the power of Geo.<br />You shall earn priceless Artifacts, if &mdash; and only if &mdash; you can pass the trial.}}
'''Clear Pool and Mountain Cavern''' is a [[Domain]] located north of [[Mt. Aocang]] in [[Liyue]]. Clearing this domain gives [[Artifacts]]. Challenge domains with higher levels to get better rewards.

==Ley Line Disorder==
Each level in this domain has the following Ley Line Disorder:
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
!Level
!Ley Line Disorder
|-
!I - III
| {{Color|Geo DMG}} dealt by all party members increased by 75%.
|}

==Challenge Features==
Each level in this domain has the following Challenge Features:
{| class="wikitable"
!Level
!Challenge Features
|-
!II - III
|· All party members receive a Geo DMG Bonus.<br />· Opponents possess different types of Elemental Shield. One may consider using Geo and Anemo attacks, which can react with all of their shields, to counteract them.
|}

==Rewards==
{{Domain Levels/Blessing
|sets=Gambler,Scholar,Bloodstained Chivalry,Noblesse Oblige
|level=3
}}

==Enemies==
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Clear Pool and Mountain Cavern I
|objective=Defeat 3 opponents within 300 sec.
|enemies=Cryo Abyss Mage,Pyro Abyss Mage*2
}}
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Clear Pool and Mountain Cavern II
|objective=Defeat 3 opponents within 360 sec.
|enemies=Cryo Abyss Mage*2,Pyro Abyss Mage
}}
*The '''Pyro Abyss Mage''' is empowered and will periodically spawn a fireball that explodes three times once it reaches the player, dealing {{Color|AoE Pyro DMG}}. During these three explosions, it remains stationary but will shift towards the player again for two more cycles.
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Clear Pool and Mountain Cavern III
|objective=Defeat 3 opponents within 360 sec.
|enemies=Cryo Abyss Mage,Pyro Abyss Mage,Hydro Abyss Mage
}}
*The '''Pyro Abyss Mage''' is empowered and will periodically spawn a fireball that explodes three times once it reaches the player, dealing {{Color|AoE Pyro DMG}}. During these three explosions, it remains stationary but will shift towards the player again for two more cycles.

==Tips==
* As stated in-game, a [[Geo]] character will be useful in here - {{Color|Geo DMG}} will be increased due to the Ley Line disorder, and having shields will allow you to focus on the offense since Abyss Mages only deal elemental damage.
* Bringing a [[Pyro]] and a [[Hydro]] character is advised to make a quick work of the Cryo and Pyro Abyss Mages' shields.
* Bringing a [[Cryo]] character will make it easier to deal with the Hydro Abyss Mage on the third level, as not only can it remove a good chunk of their shield, it also temporarily freezes them.
* Due to how the mages appear in the levels, it is recommended to force them to teleport to the player to easily stack them. It is recommended to move to the right (when facing the Petrified Tree) to force the left and middle mages to teleport. Do not hug the wall completely, or the mages might simply teleport onto their original location instead of to the player.
* The Abyss Mages' shields can be used against each other if an Anemo character is brought in, as shielded Abyss Mages are always affected by their respective elements and each type of Abyss Mage shield is weak to the element of one other Abyss Mage shield in a rock-paper-scissors manner.
** Some Anemo attacks, such as [[Wind's Grand Ode|Venti's Elemental Burst]], [[Forbidden Creation - Isomer 75 / Type II|Sucrose's Elemental Burst]], [[Palm Vortex|Anemo Traveler's Elemental Skill]], [[Gust Surge|Anemo Traveler's Elemental Burst]], and [[Chihayaburu|Kazuha's Elemental Skill]] can absorb an element and deal additional damage of the absorbed element, thereby reducing or eliminating the need to bring a character that covers the absorbed element.
** In addition, upon coming into contact with another element, Anemo attacks will [[Swirl]] and deal additional damage of that element to surrounding enemies. This additional elemental damage can interact with existing elements, including elemental shields.

==Trivia==
* The level names of the domain are all 'Stone Chamber' which likely refers to how the Ley Line Disorder gives a bonus to {{Color|Geo DMG}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Clear Pool and Mountain Cavern
|zhs     = 华池岩岫
|zhs_rm  = Huá Chí Yánxiù
|zht     = 華池岩岫
|zht_rm  = Huá Chí Yánxiù
|zh_tl   = Aesthetic Pool and Mountain Cavern
|ja      = 華池岩岫
|ja_rm   = Kachi Ganshuu{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Blossoming Pool and Mountain Cavern
|ko      = 화지 산굴
|ko_rm   = Hwaji Sangul
|ko_tl   = Shining Pool and Mountain Cave
|es      = Estanque claro y caverna de la montaña
|es_tl   = Clear Pond and Cavern of the Mountain
|fr      = Lagunes et montagnes
|fr_tl   = Lagoons and Mountains
|ru      = Чистая вода и горная пещера
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = สระน้ำและถ้ำบนภูเขา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Pool and Cave on the Mountain
|vi      = Hoa Trì Nham Khúc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Klares Wasser und felsige Höhle
|de_tl   = Clear Water and Rocky Cavern
|id      = Clear Pool and Mountain Cavern
|pt      = Lago de Luhua e Caverna da Montanha
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Permanent}}

[[es:Estanque claro y caverna de la montaña]]