{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Clervie.png
|affiliation      = House of the Hearth
|deceased         = Killed by [[Peruere]] prior to the game's events
|region           = Fontaine
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm5261299|Dawn Bennett]]<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/tN5JACOEJFM "The Song Burning in the Embers" Full Animated Short] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceCN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/柳知萧 Liu Zhixiao (柳知萧)]<ref name='bili'>Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1xZ421Y7a1 《原神》动画短片——「烬中歌」]</ref>
|voiceJP          = [http://amuleto.jp/talents/aotohiroka.html Aoto Hiroka ({{ja|青戸浩香}})]<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/Hie1ZtyqOys 【原神】ショートアニメ「燼中歌」（フルver.）] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceKR          = {{w|ko:곽규미|Kwak Kyumi ({{ko|곽규미}})}}<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/9Tq-GNSmskM 원신 | 단편 애니메이션-「잿불의 노래」 풀버전] (Video Description)</ref>
|mother           = Crucabena
|motherNote       = biological,<ref name="Arle3">{{Ref/CS|Arlecchino|3}}</ref> deceased
|sibling          = Peruere
|siblingNote      = pledged sister
}}
'''Clervie''' is a quest-exclusive NPC who appears in {{Quest|When the Hearth-Flame Goes Out}}. She was first introduced in the animated short [[The Song Burning in the Embers]].

She was the biological daughter of [[Crucabena]],<ref name="Arle3" /> previous director of the [[House of the Hearth]] and former "Knave" of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]]. Clervie was raised in the orphanage alongside [[Arlecchino|Peruere]], and her death became one of Peruere's primary motivations for killing Crucabena, leading to her becoming a Harbinger and new director of the House of the Hearth as Arlecchino, the current "Knave."<ref name="Song Embers">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/tN5JACOEJFM "The Song Burning in the Embers" Full Animated Short]</ref>

==Profile==
Clervie was Crucabena's biological daughter and was raised in the House of the Hearth, starting at the age of six years old. She and another orphan, Peruere, became close friends and were aware of Crucabena's hidden cruelty; the other orphans were oblivious to Crucabena's true nature and were raised to believe that her methods were normal. Despite Clervie's attempts to obtain freedom for herself and her fellow Hearth members, her efforts were futile and Crucabena tortured her to make an example of her. Later on, Clervie chose to die at Peruere's hands, believing that Peruere was capable of much more than she was, and seeing death as her only option for freedom.

Clervie's shadow, a childhood version of her, was absorbed by Peruere due to her unique abilities. Unaware of everything that transpired since her childhood &mdash; including her own demise, Crucabena's assassination, and Peruere's rise as the new House of the Hearth director &mdash; this version of Clervie appears during ''When the Hearth-Flame Goes Out'', instigating dissent among the House of the Hearth's members in her attempt to save them from Crucabena's rule.

===Appearance===
Clervie has light pink hair and light green eyes. She wears a white headband and a white dress, and a blue necklace shaped like a [[Lumidouce Bell]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
===History===
When she was six, Crucabena took Clervie into the House of the Hearth in order to show that all children were treated equally. However, Clervie saw through her ruse as time went on, seeing the House as nothing more than a purgatory as she either forced orphans to battle each other to death, sent to [[The Doctor]] to be experimented on, or sent on dangerous missions to die.

At some point, she met Peruere, who was the only other child who saw through Crucabena's lies. The two became close friends and Crucabena sent Clervie to look after Peruere whenever she suffered from her curse, such as when her pet spider died. They often spent time together, with Clervie suggesting that they see the auroras in [[Snezhnaya]] when they grew up.<ref name="Song Embers" /> Clervie tried her best to convince her mother to change her ways and even attempted to escape at times, but was caught and subsequently tortured to make an example of her to crush any signs of hope to escape the organization.<ref name="Into the Sunlight">{{Ref/Quest|Into the Sunlight}}</ref>

When Clervie was sixteen years old, Crucabena ordered everyone to duel to the death so one successor could rise as the "king." Clervie tried to unite everyone by having them duel to a draw instead, despite knowing this only delayed the inevitable.<ref name="Into the Sunlight" /> In the end, Clervie ended up facing against Peruere and died at her hands, seeing death as her only way of obtaining freedom.<ref name="Song Embers" />

While Clervie never agreed to Peruere's plan to kill Crucabena, with Clervie dead, Peruere decided to fulfill her plan on her own. At the start of their duel, Crucabena used a wilted flower &mdash; one which Clervie used to wear &mdash; as an allegory for Clervie herself, indirectly mocking her late daughter and calling Peruere's sentiments "useless." Despite their gap in strength, Peruere used her curse and her recently acquired [[Vision]],<ref>{{Ref/CS|Arlecchino|Vision}}</ref> which she kept secret from Crucabena, to kill the Harbinger. She was imprisoned in Snezhnaya for the deed, where she witnessed an aurora from her cell and fulfilled her promise to Clervie.<ref name="Song Embers" />

===Present Day===
Peruere, who had a unique constitution, ended up absorbing Clervie's shadow, which merged with other shadows her flames had consumed over the years, something which was exceedingly slim. Despite this, she was not a true entity in itself, as she could only appear in shadows and was not able to eat actual food. This version of Clervie &mdash; who had somehow regressed into a younger version of herself and did not know her own fate &mdash; would follow the House wherever they went, and convinced other disillusioned members to leave, which included [[Nanteuil]] and [[Filliol]]. She also made contact with [[Chapleau]], managing to save his life, and also [[Freminet]].

When her presence was made known to [[Lyney]] and [[Lynette]], the three, along with [[Paimon]] and the [[Traveler]], try to deduce her origins and stall Arlecchino. Arlecchino, having already known of her existence, instead issues an ultimatium for the Traveler to pass onto her "children": to successfully remove her from the House, or they would be punished for treason. Ultimately, they are unable to figure out how to put her to peace.

Clervie later reunites with Peruere at the spot where she died, though she remains silent until Arlecchino finishes her conversation with the rest of her "children." She is surprised to see the other girl much older than she remembered. Arlecchino reveals to Clervie that she's only a shadow of the real Clervie, and fills Clervie in on the truth regarding the rest of her life and what transpired afterwards. To fulfill Clervie's wish to learn about the rest of the world, Paimon and the Traveler tell her about their adventures across [[Teyvat]]. Afterwards, Arlecchino dismisses Clervie as a member of the House, granting her wish to be free; although briefly elated about being able to see the rest of the world, Clervie remembers the reality of the situation after seeing Paimon and the Traveler's reactions. She instead bids goodbye to Peruere and disappears into blue petals, while Arlecchino leaves some of her own sentiments unsaid. With her wishes fulfilled, Clervie's shadow finds peace, and her presence is no longer sensed by the other members of the House.<ref name="Into the Sunlight" />

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* Clervie shares the same Chinese voice actress with [[Citlali]].
* Clervie shares the same Japanese voice actress with [[Haniyyah]].

===Etymology===
* The name Clervie is the French form of {{w|Klervi}}, or {{w|Creirwy}}. This name is shared by the daughter of the Welsh enchantress {{w|Ceridwen}}, from which Crucabena's name comes from, and a Breton saint from Wales.

==Gallery==
{{Files by Character Gallery|Clervie Gallery Files}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Clervie
|zhs      = 克雷薇
|zhs_rm   = Kèléiwēi
|zht      = 克雷薇
|zht_rm   = Kèléiwéi
|ja       = クリーヴ
|ja_rm    = Kuriivu
|ko       = 크레이비
|es       = Clervie
|fr       = Clervie
|ru       = Клерви
|th       = Clervie
|vi       = Clervie
|de       = Clervie
|id       = Clervie
|pt       = Clervie
|tr       = Clervie
|it       = Clervie
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6|introduced=4.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[es:Clervie]]
[[pl:Clervie]]
[[pt-br:Clervie]]
[[vi:Clervie]]