{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Random World Click!.png
|type          = Random World
|region        = Inazuma
|summary       = [[Susan]] asks the Traveler to help her take a picture.
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Susan; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]<br />[[Kannazuka]], Inazuma<br />[[Kamisato Estate]], Inazuma<br />[[Konda Village]], Inazuma<br />Outside [[Violet Court]], Inazuma<br />[[Amakane Island]], Inazuma
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 
|primogems     = 
|other         = 
*AR Dependent Rewards
}}
'''Click!''' is a [[Random Event|randomly occurring World Quest]] that can activate in certain areas within [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Susan]]
#Take a picture of Susan
#Talk to Susan

==Rewards==
{{Transclude|Random Event|Rewards}}
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Susan from [[Mondstadt]] seems to be looking for some help...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Susan)
:'''Susan:''' The scenery here is rather lovely. If only someone was around to take a picture for me...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Susan:''' Oh, are you the Traveler? Great! I was just looking for someone to help me out.
:'''Susan:''' My name is Susan, and I'm from Mondstadt. My husband is here in Inazuma on a business trip, so I came here with him.
:'''Susan:''' But we had no idea that the situation in Inazuma would become like this. Since we can't go home anyway, I suggested that we travel around Inazuma.
:'''Susan:''' Unfortunately, my husband is really lazy, and I couldn't get him out the door. I ended up traveling by myself...
:'''Susan:''' But I don't have anyone who can take pictures for me. Which is a crying shame: I'd asked a friend of mine to help purchase this Kamera in Fontaine and all, too.
:'''Susan:''' But since you're here Traveler, may I ask you to help me take some pictures?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:'''Susan:''' Thank you, Traveler.
:'''Susan:''' Please tell me if my pose is alright or not. Should I tilt my head a bit?
:'''Susan:''' Okay, I'm ready now!
----
;(After taking photo)
:'''Susan:''' Have you finished taking the pictures? Let me have a look at them.
:'''Susan:''' Not bad! I'm a natural-born beauty after all, hahaha...
:{{DIcon}} Very lovely indeed, ma'am.
:'''Susan:''' Oh, Traveler, you're such a sweet talker!
:'''Susan:''' Come! This is your reward for pictures of me. Here you go!
:{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Click!
|zhs     = 咔嚓！
|zhs_rm  = Kāchā!
|zht     = 咔嚓！
|zht_rm  = Kāchā!
|zh_tl   = Click!
|ja      = カシャッ！
|ja_rm   = Kasha'!
|ja_tl   = Click!
|ko      = 찰칵!
|ko_rm   = Chalkak!
|ko_tl   = Click!
|es      = ¡Clic!
|fr      = Clic !
|ru      = Щёлк!
|ru_tl   = Click!
|th      = แช๊ะ!
|th_rm   = Chae!
|vi      = Lạch cạch!
|vi_tl   = Clack!
|de      = Zackig knackig!
|de_tl   = Snappy and Crisp!
|id      = Cekrek!
|id_tl   = Click!
|pt      = Click!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Quests by Type Navbox|type=Random World Quests}}