{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22301
|image         = Cliffhanger.png
|type          = Commission
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|characters    = Fan Er'ye; Gentry Maocai; Jiangzhou; Tea Master Liu Su; Traveler
|npc           = Liu Su
|rewards       = Mora*1,000
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
*Listening to all of the stories grants the achievements [[Friends, Travelers, Lend Me Your Ears...]] and [[Once Upon a Time...]].
}}
'''''Cliffhanger''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Tea Master Liu Su|Liu Su]]
# Ask the audience about the story Liu Su was telling (0/3)
#* [[Gentry Maocai]] at [[Liuli Pavilion]] ''({{Item|Ring of Raining Blades (I)}})''
#* [[Jiangzhou]] next to the bridge connecting [[Feiyun Slope]] and [[Chihu Rock]] ''({{Item|Ring of Raining Blades (II)}})''
#* [[Fan Er'ye]] in front of [[Mingxing Jewelry]] ''({{Item|The Wrath of Haishan}})''
# Report back to Liu Su
# Talk to Liu Su

==Gameplay Notes==
* Giving Ring of Raining Blades (I) and Ring of Raining Blades (II) to Liu Su awards the {{Achievement|Friends, Travelers, Lend Me Your Ears...}}
* Giving The Wrath of Haishan to Liu Su awards the {{Achievement|Once Upon a Time...}}
* After giving one excerpt to Liu Su, the other excerpt(s) will remain in the player's inventory and can be used during future commissions.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Tea Master Liu Su]] has lost his train of thought while telling his story, and it's troubling him...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Liu Su)
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' I wish I could remember where I got up to...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Ah, hello! Are you here for the story session, or&mdash;
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Me? I'm a storyteller. I do it to earn a bit of extra spending money.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' The problem is, I tell so many stories and go back and forth between them so much that I end up getting things a little bit mixed up...
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' The other day, for instance, one crowd was shouting for [[The Crux]]'s story "The Wrath of [[Haishan]]," while the other crowd kept chanting "We want Ring of Raining Blades! We want Ring of Raining Blades!" Can't blame them &mdash; Guhua classic, that one.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' I have to earn a living, now don't I? So I just picked the part I remembered best from each story to keep everybody happy.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' It was an unexpected hit... They loved it so much they keep pestering me to tell them the rest of the story!
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Since I hadn't read either of those books in years, I dug around for a while and eventually managed to find them. I've had a look through to refresh my memory, and now I'm almost ready to continue with the story.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' However... I cannot for the life of me remember where I got up to with either story!
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Could you ask around in the crowd and see if anyone remembers where I finished last time?
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' You're a life saver! I know it's a pain, but to do that myself would be career suicide for a storyteller...
:{{DIcon}} You could just start from the beginning?
::'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' I did think of doing that! Amongst other things, it seemed like an easy way to charge people twice for the same content...
::'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' ...But I have a feeling Fan Er'ye wouldn't let me get away with that!
::'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Could I trouble you to ask around for me? Once you've found out, let me know and I'll figure out how to continue with the story...
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Now I think about it, there are three people you should ask.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' The first is {{Color|buzzword|[[Gentry Maocai]]}}. That man has never missed a single session. The second is {{Color|buzzword|[[Fan Er'ye]]}}, who is the boss of this tea shop.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' The third is Ms. {{Color|buzzword|[[Jiangzhou]]}}. I definitely saw her stop and listen for a while last time, but I think she left before the end...

;(Talk to Liu Su again)
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' *sigh* I should stick to the supernatural stories in future. They're more my forte.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Historical tales are hard work to narrate, and if you don't make it interesting enough people start complaining.

===Ask the audience about the story===
;(Talk to Gentry Maocai)
:'''Gentry Maocai:''' This Dr. Liu is positively infuriating...
:{{DIcon}} Have you heard Liu Su's storytelling before?
:'''Gentry Maocai:''' Why, of course. But Dr. Liu positively infuriates me! The last time I heard him speak was at the Heyu Tea House. He was narrating {{Color|buzzword|[[Ring of Raining Blades (I)|Ring of Raining Blades]]}}.
:'''Gentry Maocai:''' He'd just reached the part where the Guhua Clan was in decline. A string of martial arts practitioners came to the Guhua grounds to challenge its master while Guhua's own disciples were dropping like flies.
:'''Gentry Maocai:''' A few dedicated disciples stayed to the end, hoping to defend the school, but it was futile. The Guhua Clan suffered defeat after defeat, and finally someone even destroyed the Guhua plaque.
:'''Gentry Maocai:''' The Guhua Clan's master thought all hope was lost. He was prepared to leave the school, to go and live out the rest of his days in seclusion. But just as he was about to leave, a young sword fighter entered the school gates, a prodigy who wielded the blade with a prowess like the world had never seen...
:'''Gentry Maocai:''' ...And of all the places to stop your story; I mean, come on! "All will be revealed in the next chapter," he said... Well, the suspense is killing me!
:'''Gentry Maocai:''' Mark my words, the next time I lay eyes on that man he is not leaving until he tells me how this resolves!
:'''Gentry Maocai:''' I am anxiously awaiting the next chapter!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Ring of Raining Blades (I)}})
----
;(Talk to Jiangzhou)
:'''Jiangzhou:''' *sigh* I wish I had more free time...
:{{DIcon}} Have you heard Liu Su's storytelling before?
:'''Jiangzhou:''' Liu who? ...Liu Su?
:'''Jiangzhou:''' Erm... Oh yeah, I remember now. I was walking past last time he spoke, so I stopped to listen in for a bit.
:'''Jiangzhou:''' Don't really remember much of it. I think the story was called {{Color|buzzword|[[Ring of Raining Blades (II)|Ring of Raining Blades]]}} or something?
:'''Jiangzhou:''' Anyway, so for whatever reason, the Guhua Clan is a real pickle, and this big shot goes to challenge them.
:'''Jiangzhou:''' I got there well after it started though, so don't ask me how it got to that point.
:'''Jiangzhou:''' Anywho... the good guy's about to win, but then oh no &mdash; someone attacks him out of nowhere. So now he's on the back foot...
:'''Jiangzhou:''' ...Then I got called back to work. Shame, I'd love to know what happens next.
:'''Jiangzhou:''' I wonder when he's going to carry on with the story?
:;(Obtain {{Item|Ring of Raining Blades (II)}})
----
;(Talk to Fan Er'ye)
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' This old man Liu is truly sensational...
:{{DIcon}} Have you heard of Liu Su's storytelling before?
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' You mean old man Liu? The stories he tells are second to none...
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' I went to hear him the last time he spoke. {{Color|buzzword|[[The Wrath of Haishan]]}}, it was.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' He starts off in the middle of this full-blown tempest. Howling winds, crashing waves, thunder and lightning, the lot. The Crux presses on.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' At the front of the fleet is the flagship, where one person stands strong on the bow, holding themselves up with their sword. It's [[Beidou|the captain]] of The Crux.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' The captain watches as the billowing waves rise up and blot out the sky, and this enormous shadowy figure rises up howling from the murky depths of the ocean...
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' And that's where old man Liu stops, and says all will be revealed in the next chapter. I'll tell you what &mdash; it had better be! It's the mother of all cliffhangers, and he's left us hanging for days now.
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' I'm definitely looking forward to the next part of old man Liu's story.
:;(Obtain {{Item|The Wrath of Haishan}})

===Report back to Liu Su===
;(Talk to Liu Su after speaking to the audience)
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Ah, you're back. You're a star.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' I just can't help the fact that the more stories I tell, the more things I forget...
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' So, did you ask them?
:;(Give [[Ring of Raining Blades (I)]], [[Ring of Raining Blades (II)]], or [[The Wrath of Haishan]] ×1)
----
;(If you gave [[Ring of Raining Blades (I)]])<section begin=RRB1 />
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' ...The young Guhua disciple maneuvered his blade with the swiftness of a gust of wind rustling through the trees, his myriad movements seamlessly interconnected just as a thousand raindrops converge to form a pool... His physically larger challenger caught but glimpses of his blade, glistening momentarily in the sunlight, as it tore down the mountain, ready to dominate everything in its path...
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' The challenger felt a sudden pain in his hand. His blade now lay some distance away on the floor; it had been prized out of his hand by the Guhua disciple's nimble bladework. Incensed at this sudden and understated defeat, the challenger was far from ready to give up the fight before it had begun...
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' The challenger spotted the Guhua disciple take a brief moment to catch his breath after executing his flawless strike. Instantly, the hidden weapon in the challenger's hand began to glow a dark green, and with a flick of the wrist three icy rays of light shot out from his hand, flying straight towards the Guhua disciple's face!
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' What had prompted the challenger's brutal retaliation? More importantly, what was about to happen to the Guhua disciple? And what would all of this mean for the fate of the Guhua Clan itself?...
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Ladies and gentlemen! I trust you all wish to know how the story proceeds...
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' So gather round and lend me your ears, for all will be revealed in the next chapter!<section end=RRB1 />
----
;(If you gave [[Ring of Raining Blades (II)]])<section begin=RRB2 />
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' ...The Guhua disciple was well-versed in martial arts. More vulnerable now that his signature sword routine had been unexpectedly cut short, he hastily raised his hilt up in defense and retreated a couple of steps. Despite struggling to maintain his balance as he stumbled back, he managed to fire off three shots from his own hidden weapon.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' But before he could prepare to strike back in earnest, he saw the unarmed challenger raise himself to his full height and reach for his waist. With another flick of his wrist, out of nowhere a flexible practice blade appeared in his hand.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' A menacing grin spread across the challenger's face as he watched the Guhua disciple stumble backwards. He attacked; somehow, he had now gained the upper hand in this fight. The Guhua disciple was caught completely unprepared, and struggled to defend himself.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Now on the defensive, the Guhua disciple began to tire as their blades clashed over and over again. Suddenly, there was a loud clang as his sword was swept out of his hand by his challenger. He had no time to react to this before a powerful punch landed square in his chest...
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' The Guhua disciple staggered backwards yet again, this time to the sound of his sword crashing to the floor. The challenger made no attempt to the hide the look of smug satisfaction on his face as he raised his sword high up above his head... An unmistakable sign that the challenger intended to finish this by taking his life!
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' But the Guhua disciple simply rolled his head back, wagged his finger at the challenger and burst out laughing. "Good one! Really, that was a good one. But this is the point where you lose..."
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Ladies and gentlemen! I trust you all wish to know how the story proceeds...
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' So gather round and lend me your ears, for all will be revealed in the next chapter!<section end=RRB2 />
----
;(If you gave [[The Wrath of Haishan]])<section begin=TWH />
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' ...Gigantic waves loomed over the fleet as pitch-black storm clouds filled the skies. The Crux had reason to fear. For even though their ships were the finest vessels to ever sail the seas, and even though they had the finest sailors to ever man their helms...
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' ...Even the largest of ships becomes the plaything of the ocean, tossed about on the water's surface, when Mother Nature unleashes her pent-up rage. And when those same waves of wrath meet smaller vessels, they thrust them violently into the watery abyss.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' But greater trouble still was brewing. From within the towering waves emerged a dark and gargantuan beast with eyes like braziers. The terrified sailors were rendered helpless, crying out for salvation from the Geo Lord, not daring even to look at the beast.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' And yet, one figure stood fearlessly on the bow of the foremost vessel, steadying themselves with their sword. This heroic figure looked out at the raging seas and the gargantuan beast as it towered like a mountain above the water's surface, and wagged their finger at it as they smiled and shouted, "Gotcha! You made sure I had to work for it this time, didn't you?"
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Who was this hero, and what was this gargantuan beast? And what was the nature of the enmity between them?
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Ladies and gentlemen! I trust you all wish to know how the story proceeds...
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' So gather round and lend me your ears, for all will be revealed in the next chapter!<section end=TWH />
----
;(Idle quotes from the listeners)
:'''Fan Er'ye:''' I'm starting to feel like this guy just talks and talks and never actually gets anywhere...
:'''Gentry Maocai:''' That's all? Seriously? But that didn't answer a single one of my questions!
:'''Jiangzhou:''' That was pretty good. I wish he'd carried on a bit longer, though.

;(Talk to Liu Su)
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Oh, you're still here! Haha. So... what did you think?
:{{DIcon}} What happens next?
::'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' *tut* Both "The Wrath of Haishan" and "Ring of Raining Blades" are extremely long texts you know.
::'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' I'm not about to spend the next few hours telling you the rest of the stories. If you're interested, come to the sessions in the future.
:{{DIcon}} I thought you said "all will be revealed in the next chapter..."
::'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Hahaha... It will! You will just have to come and listen to the next chapter... and then the one after that...
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Thanks for your help today. Here, take this for your trouble. I hope I will get to see you at future sessions, too.
:'''Tea Master Liu Su:''' "Become a storyteller," they said... "It'll be fun," they said...
:;(Obtain {{Item|Mora|x=1,000}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
*The Ring of Raining Blades is implied to be about [[Xingqiu]].
*The Wrath of Haishan is about [[Beidou]] and her crew, the [[Crux Fleet]], and their fight against the sea monster Haishan.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cliffhanger
|zhs     = 且听下回分解
|zhs_rm  = Qiě Tīng Xiàhuí Fēnjiě
|zht     = 且聽下回分解
|zht_rm  = Qiě Tīng Xiàhuí Fēnjiě
|zh_tl   = Listen to the Next Chapter for an Explanation
|ja      = 次回お楽しみに
|ja_rm   = Jikai Otanoshimi ni
|ja_tl   = Please Look Forward to Next Time
|ko      = 다음 화를 기대해주세요
|ko_tl   = Please Look Forward to the Next Episode
|es      = Momento de suspense
|es_tl   = Moment of Suspense
|fr      = Tout vous sera révélé dans le prochain chapitre !
|fr_tl   = All Will Be Revealed in the Next Chapter!
|ru      = Сейчас объясню
|ru_tl   = I Will Explain Now
|th      = โปรดติดตามตอนต่อไป
|th_rm   = Prot Tit Tam Ton To Pai
|th_tl   = Please Follow the Next Episode
|vi      = Hồi Sau Sẽ Rõ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Fortsetzung folgt
|de_tl   = Continuation Follows
|id      = Kisah Menggantung
|id_tl   = Hanging Story
|pt      = Momento de suspense
|pt_tl   = Moment of Suspense
|tr      = Arkası Yarın
|tr_tl   = Followup Tomorrow
|it      = Suspense
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|Standalone}}

[[es:Momento de suspense]]
[[ja:次回お楽しみに]]
[[ru:Сейчас объясню]]