{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Exploration
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Climate''' refers to the persistent, abnormal atmospheric conditions present in some areas of [[Teyvat]].

Climate conditions can also take on the form of [[Ley Line Disorder]]s in certain domains.

Climate conditions may or may not paused when interacting with [[NPC]]s.

==Climate Areas==
Some climate conditions are referred in-game as "Special Environment." When the Traveler is in a Special Environment, an icon may appear next to the minimap. Information can be accessed by selecting the icon next to the minimap or with the "Open Special Environment Information" [[keybind]] (default keybind: {{key|U}}). For PlayStation players, information about the current climate (i.e., [[Sheer Cold]]) can be accessed via the shortcut wheel + down button.

===Subzero Climate===
{{Main|Subzero Climate}}
Subzero Climate was released in [[Version 1.2]] and affects [[Dragonspine]] in [[Mondstadt]]. This climate includes [[Sheer Cold]], which will eventually cause the active character to steadily lose [[HP]]. Players can find [[sources of warmth]] to prevent HP loss.

===Fog===
{{Main|Fog}}
Fog is a temporary phenomenon that reduces visibility. It first appeared in [[Golden Apple Archipelago/1.6|Golden Apple Archipelago]] during [[Version 1.6]] and again in [[Tsurumi Island]] with the [[Version 2.2]] release. Traveling too far into the fog will cause the screen to fog over and the player to respawn at the last activated [[Glimmering Beacon]] or [[Stormstone]]. Stay close to the Glimmering Beacons or Stormstones to avoid being respawned.

The fog will be lifted after some objective is met:
* Golden Apple Archipelago: once all the Teleport Waypoints are activated.
* Tsurumi Island: once the {{Quest|Through the Mists}} is completed.

===Balethunder===
{{Main|Balethunder}}
Balethunder was released in [[Version 2.0]] and affects various locations in [[Inazuma]]. Without the protection of an [[Electrogranum]] or [[Thunderwood]], the active character will steadily lose HP.

===A Nation Closed by Thunder===
{{Main|A Nation Closed by Thunder}}
A Nation Closed by Thunder is the name of the Special Environment released in [[Version 2.0]] that surrounds the nation of [[Inazuma]]. This environment has persistent [[thunderstorm]]s with a lot of lightning. If the player tries to enter or leave Inazuma by venturing into the storm, they are teleported back to [[Liyue Harbor]] or [[Ritou]], respectively. This means that Inazuma cannot be accessed without the use of teleportation.

A Nation Closed by Thunder's Special Environment information has the following description:
* Inazuma has been closed off by the [[Ei|Ogosho Shogun]]. No one is allowed in or out without good reason.

This environment is cleared after completing the {{Quest|Transient Dreams}}.

===The Encroaching Dark...===
{{Main|The Encroaching Dark}}
The Encroaching Dark was released in [[Version 2.5]] and affected the [[Three Realms Gateway Offering]], an event map based on [[Enkanomiya]]. The event map comprise areas of varying Corrosion Intensity. When the event gadget [[Bokuso Box]]'s Corrosion Resistance is lower than an area's Corrosion Intensity, the player's party will be exposed to [[Corrosion]], which will accumulate over time and drain the energy of the Bokuso Box.

===The Withering===
{{Main|The Withering}}
The Withering was released in [[Version 3.0]] and affects various specific zones throughout [[Sumeru]]. While in a Withering Zone, the player may accumulate decay. Depending on how much decay is accumulated, all party members will have their resistance and max HP decreased. Having accumulated too much decay will cause every party member to fall. The player can eradicate the Withering Zone by destroying Tumors of the Withering.

===Sandstorm in the Desert of Hadramaveth===
{{Main|Sandstorm in the Desert of Hadramaveth}}
Sandstorm in the Desert of Hadramaveth was released in [[Version 3.4]] and causes intermittent sandstorms to occur in the [[Desert of Hadramaveth]], which sharply reduces visibility. The closer the player is to the heart of the sandstorm, the more significant the loss in visibility will be.

==="Allogravity-Condensed Water Body" affected by energy flow===
{{Main|"Allogravity-Condensed Water Body" affected by energy flow}}
"Allogravity-Condensed Water Body" affected by energy flow was released in [[Version 4.1]] and is a quest-exclusive climate that occurs during the {{Quest|Fontaine Research Institute, Stagnating in the Rubble|showChapter=0}}, which causes certain [[Allogravity-Condensed Water Bodies]] to inflict damage upon the player if stayed in too long.

===Night's Trial===
{{Main|Nightsoul Totem}}
Night's Trial was released in [[Version 5.0]] and provides different buffs and debuffs depending on the Nightsoul Totem challenge.

===Gaseous Phlogiston Environment===
{{Main|Gaseous Phlogiston}}
Gaseous Phlogiston Environment was released in [[Version 5.2]] and is a form of [[Phlogiston]] that resembles a gas that deals damage. [[Qucusaur]]s and [[Flower-Feather Clan]] characters can use gaseous Phlogiston without getting damaged.

==Other Climate Areas==
Certain areas may be affected by persistent [[weather]] conditions that have no Special Environment information or that do have a Climate, but also have additional effects. Only the notable ones, such as the ones tied to quests or ones that characters refer to with special names, are listed here.

===The Chasm's Underground Mines Climate===
[[The Chasm]]'s [[Underground Mines]] are dark, and players may find it easier to navigate by lighting up their surroundings with the help of the [[Lumenstone Adjuvant]], which only works in The Chasm's Underground Mines due to the "unique ley line environment" found there.

===Amakumo Peak, Seirai Island===
[[Amakumo Peak]] is affected by [[Balethunder]]. In addition to Balethunder, there are many [[lightning]] strikes, most of which target the player frequently enough that the player must keep moving in order to not get hit.

Both Balethunder and the targeted lightning strikes are removed by progressing through the {{Quest|Seirai Stormchasers}}.

===Tatarigami===
{{Main|Tatarigami}}
Tatarigami was released in [[Version 2.0]] and affects [[Yashiori Island]] in [[Inazuma]]. Yashiori Island experiences persistent thunderstorms with a lot of lightning.

Tatarigami is removed by progressing through the {{Quest|Orobashi's Legacy}}.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox}}

[[ja:気候]]
[[pt-br:Clima]]
[[vi:Khí Hậu]]