{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Clorinde
|id             = 368184
|image          = Clorinde Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Clorinde''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining <!-- him/her --> and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Dueling...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Hunting...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Leisure time...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Ritual...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Tabletop troupe...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I need to ask...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Training...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Ah, you're back. I wanted to ask whether there was a space around here dedicated to training?
:{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I wouldn't want to disturb anyone during my shooting practice.
:{{DIcon}} Do you like it here?
::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Don't worry, I'm not picky about my surroundings.
::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' How noisy or crowded a place might be... Those factors are inconsequential. I'm not easily affected by my external environment.
::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Most importantly... I've found no threats to our survival in this place. You've done well.
::{{DIcon}} Um... Thanks?
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 04a.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Think nothing of it. I should be the one thanking you for keeping this place so safe.
::{{DIcon}} We are in The Realm Within, after all.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Its mechanical principles and aesthetic design are both quite commendable. This place is truly eye-opening.
::{{DIcon}} ...Am I supposed to laugh?
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 04c.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Ah, that's entirely up to you. Different people have different senses of humor. I don't know what you find amusing, so it wouldn't be appropriate for me to give you an answer.
::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' In any case, thank you for inviting me to this place.
::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I'll be staying here for a little longer. I hope my being here doesn't inconvenience you.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat?
::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Of course. Anything you want to talk about?
::{{DIcon}} How about a story from before you became a Champion Duelist?
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 1.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Well, before I met Navia...
:::{{DIcon}} Wait, you're going that far back!?
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 2.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' You wanted to hear a story from before I became a duelist, correct? I see no harm in starting there.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 3.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Anyway, before I met Navia, I lived with my Master. She was a powerful and strict woman who had a big impact on many parts of my childhood.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 4.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I was once terrified of monsters that are active at night. I felt like I could never predict or anticipate their attacks.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 5.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' So, Master tied a piece of cloth around my eyes, pushed me into the woods, and announced that I was surrounded by a horde of monsters. She did this to teach me to react and respond to them with only sound and instinct as my guide.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 6.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I used to be afraid of being alone. I could never fall asleep without her by my side.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 7.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' So, for quite some time, she forced me to train every day until I felt like I could no longer lift my arms. Only then would she allow me to rest.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 8.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' As a result, seeing her face after I woke up soon turned into a nightmare rather than a comfort...
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 9.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Before I knew it, I had become as tough as her.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02a 10.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Were I to take on my own apprentice, I'm not sure I could think of a better way to train them, and that thought scares me most of all.
::{{DIcon}} What about a fun tidbit from your work as a Champion Duelist?
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02b 1.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' My work as a Champion Duelist... Hmm.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02b 2.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' In my profession, "work" and "fun" are two elements that rarely converge.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02b 3.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I've heard many colleagues describe how, on their way home from work, they're often dragged into cafés by their soon-to-be opponents and forced to listen to an endless list of grievances.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02b 4.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' What a waste of time... I'm very thankful something like that has never happened to me.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02b 5.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I wouldn't go asking around for stories about our line of work.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship2 02b 6.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' The profession of a duelist may seem dramatic and full of unexpected twists, but, in most circumstances, it's usually the result of hypocrisy and dark human desires... the type of stories that will only leave you disappointed.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Hmm... How about a game inspired by the practice of duels?
::{{DIcon}} Can you tell me how to play first...
::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' It's pretty simple. We'll use the Fateometer to determine the rules of the duel and the weapons we can use. I used to play this a lot with my Master. Although, back then, we just rolled a die.
::{{DIcon}} What if you roll a "critical failure"...
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03a 1.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Then, unfortunately, you have to fight with your hands and feet tied.
:::{{DIcon}} Aren't duels supposed to be fair?
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03a 2.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Of course, but that only applies to duels held before a court of law to defend someone's honor. The duels in this game are meant to improve a Marechaussee Hunter's ability to survive in the wild.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03a 3.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' As a Hunter, there are times when you might your arm or leg might be out of commission due to injury. But, you have to be able to keep fighting.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03a 4.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' "Never stop thinking about how to secure victory" &mdash; that's what my Master taught me.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03a 5.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Once, after two very unlucky rolls, she was forced to fight with a small tree branch as her only weapon. In the end, I still lost.
::{{DIcon}} What if you roll a "critical success"...
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03b 1.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Then, congratulations, you get to use the weapon of your choice and negate one lethal hit. Your opponent would have to land two hits on you to win.
:::{{DIcon}} Aren't duels supposed to be fair?
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03b 2.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Of course, but that only applies to duels held before a court of law to defend someone's honor. The duels in this game are meant to improve a Marechaussee Hunter's ability to survive in the wild.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03b 3.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Even with preparation and luck on your side, get too confident, and even the greatest of Hunters can still suffer defeat.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03b 4.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' A "critical success" can often be what leads to a "critical failure."
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03b 5.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' My luck is pretty good, so I've had my fair share of good rolls in these games. Even so, when I fought against Master, I often lost in the moments when I was most assured of victory.
:::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 03b 6.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' "Prey is most easily caught when it believes itself invincible" &mdash; that's what my Master taught me.
::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' In any case, the randomness of it all can really help you test your limits. If you lose, just start over and roll again.
::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' So, what do you think? Ready to play a round?
::{{DIcon}} ...Sure! Bring it on!
::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Hmm, the look of determination in your eyes says more than you know. I like it.
::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Let's begin. The loser owes the winner a meal.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Clorinde.
::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Good morning. I hope you find success in your endeavors today.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Clorinde.
::{{A|vo clorinde mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Good night. I hope you're able to get some good rest. This place appears quite safe, so I don't think I'll need to keep watch tonight. 
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Strict Adherence to Office Codes===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd clorinde office 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Now that I think of it, the Maison Cardinalice set up an archive room to store information related to duels.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd clorinde office 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' A complete case file would include the cause of the duel, the verdict rendered, the persons and duelists involved, and of course, the final outcome of the duel.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd clorinde office 03.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I've never felt the need to look up anything there myself. I believe all my duelist colleagues feel the same way. It's best to leave the recordkeeping to the Gestionnaires &mdash; they seem to actually enjoy that kind of work.
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Nation of Hydro's Mottled Colors===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd clorinde outskirts 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' In my younger years, I learned a fair amount about botany.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd clorinde outskirts 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' As a result, I can now differentiate between edible and non-edible roots, identify poisonous fruits... and create simple dyes from the things I forage.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd clorinde outskirts 03.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Hmm, the plants in this flower bed are harmless varieties created to lift people's spirits. You may enjoy them without worry.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Clorinde/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Clorinde/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:クロリンデ/仲間]]
[[ru:Клоринда/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Clorinde/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Clorinde/Bạn Đồng Hành]]