{{Domain Infobox
|image        = Domain Cloud Retainer's Abode.png
|type         = Quest
|description  = Herein lies the abode of [[Cloud Retainer]]. The adeptus desires not to see guests, and the way is shut. A lack of care for where one lays their head is common among all who live. Do you truly wish to enter?
|quest        = Custodian of Clouds
|quest_type   = Archon
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Minlin
|subarea      = Mt. Aocang
|requiredAR   = 23
|recLevel     = 26
|recElements  = Pyro
}}
'''Cloud Retainer's Abode''' is a [[Quest Domain]] which can be accessed during the {{Quest|Custodian of Clouds}} and the {{Quest|An Adeptal Summons}}.

Approaching the domain's entrance outside of the two quests will instead grant the following dialogue:
{{Dialogue Start}}
:(The abode of [[Cloud Retainer]]. This adeptus seems unwilling to receive guests...)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Steps==
# Activate the {{Pyro}} Monument and start the challenge.
#* Defeat 5 Electro & 5 Cryo Slimes within the given time.
# Use the device to rotate the second platform, creating a bridge between the starting area and the second platform.
#* The direction the bridge is rotated in does not matter.
#* Certain characters (see [[#Notes|Notes]]) can allow the player to glide to the next platform without rotating the bridges and from there, use the bridge to Cloud Retainer's platform to bypass all other steps. Because this also means skipping out on the chests in the rest of the domain, it is advisable to play through the domain normally on the first playthrough.
# Defeat the Hilichurls on the second platform to unlock the second device.
# Use the device to rotate the next platform clockwise and create a bridge to the platform on the left.
# Activate the device on the left-hand platform to start a challenge. Three of the five Pyro Monuments will temporarily activate. Afterwards, activate the totems in the same order.
#* Completing this challenge unlocks the Common Chest.
# Reactivate the device, then activate four Monuments in the order shown within 60 seconds.
#* This unlocks the Exquisite Chest.
# Reactivate the device, then activate five Monuments in the order shown within 75 seconds.
#* This unlocks the Precious Chest and activates a Wind Current on the far-end platform.
# Return to the second platform and use the device to rotate the third platform counterclockwise.
# Head to the platform on the right and open the Common Chest hidden behind some crates and boxes.
# Use the Wind Current to glide up to the next platform.
# Use the device to rotate the bridges and proceed to the platform with six Pyro Monuments.
#* Every other Monument starts activated, at the goal is to activate all of them. Activating one Monument will change the state of the ones to its left and right. Only activate every other Monument (the ones which were inactive at the start of the puzzle) to successfully complete it.
#* Completing the puzzle unlocks the Exquisite Chest and the device.
# Use the device to rotate the bridges, then proceed to the final platform. After the cutscene, the domain will be completed.

==Notes==
* Any character who can provide boosted altitude, such as through climbable [[Geo Constructs]] or certain characters' height-boosting gimmicks, can glide directly to the second platform from the starting location. Some examples include:
** [[Geo Constructs]]: [[Traveler (Geo)]], [[Zhongli]], or [[Albedo]]'s constructs can be used to reach the top of the tree on the starting island and glide to the second platform.
** [[Jumping]]/Flying/Wind Currents: [[Venti]], [[Kaedehara Kazuha]], [[Wanderer]], [[Gaming]], [[Xianyun]], [[Xiao]]
** Blinking/[[Teleport]]ation: [[Keqing]]'s [[Stellar Restoration]] or [[Alhaitham]]'s [[Universality: An Elaboration on Form]] can be used to blink partway to the middle platform and glide down.
* The recommended party level scales with World Level. For WL3, the recommended party level is 45.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=domain}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/Vg4Oy1aNe2g
|caption1 = Cloud Retainer's Abode Guide (5 Chests)
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cloud Retainer's Abode
|zhs     = 留云借风洞天
|zhs_rm  = Liúyún Jièfēng Dòngtiān
|zht     = 留雲借風洞天
|zht_rm  = Liúyún Jièfēng Dòngtiān
|zh_tl   = Abode of Retaining the Clouds by Borrowing the Wind
|ja      = 留雲借風洞天
|ja_rm   = Ryuu'un Shakufuu Douten
|ja_tl   = Abode of Retaining the Clouds by Borrowing the Wind{{Sino|ja}}
|ko      = 류운차풍의 선계
|ko_rm   = Ryuunchapung-ui Seongye
|ko_tl   = Cloud Retainer's Adeptus World
|es      = Morada de Preservadora de Nubes
|es_tl   = Abode of Cloud Preserver
|fr      = Demeure de Souffle-Nuages
|fr_tl   = Cloud Retainer's Abode
|ru      = Обитель Хранителя Облаков
|ru_tl   = Cloud Keeper's Abode
|th      = แดนศักดิ์สิทธิ์ของจ้าววังวนเมฆา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Động Lưu Vân Tá Phong
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wohnstätte der stehenden Wolken und des stillen Windes
|de_tl   = Abode of the Standing Clouds and the Still Wind
|id      = Kediaman Cloud Retainer
|id_tl   = The Residence of Cloud Retainer
|pt      = Moradia da Retentora de Nuvem
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bulutlar Hakimi'nin Evi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La dimora di Vestale delle nuvole
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Temporary}}

[[ja:留雲借風洞天]]