{{Change History/Header}}
[[Version 5.3]]
* Updated rules for players with World Level 8 and 9 to freely enter each other's worlds.
----
[[Version 2.7]]
* Optimizes the presentation of dialogue window in Co-Op Mode: Party Chat is set by default after entering Co-Op Mode and opening the chat list.
----
[[Version 2.4]]
* Updated the Co-Op Menu icon with blue (1P) and green (2P, 3P, 4P) player number icons.
----
[[Version 2.3]]
* When a player leaves the party, their vacancy will now be filled by a corresponding character from the host's original party composition before they entered Co-Op Mode.
* Fixed an issue in Co-Op Mode whereby the unlocked [[Teleport Waypoint]]s in [[Tsurumi Island]] would disappear on the map after exiting Co-Op Mode.
* Fixed an issue in Co-Op Mode whereby when multiple [[Barbara]]s use their [[Elemental Burst]] at the same time, healing may only take effect once.
----
[[Version 1.6]]
* Added status markers when teammates are switching characters in the Party Preparation screen.
* Added markers for teammates outside the range of currently displayed map area which can be clicked to quickly locate that teammate.
* Optimized text displayed when players are leaving or removed from Co-Op Mode.
* Players can now craft and forge items in Co-Op Mode.
* When fallen in Co-Op Mode within a [[Domain]], one can rotate the camera view in spectator mode.
----
[[Version 1.5]]
* Can request to visit the [[Serenitea Pot]]s of Friends
----
[[Version 1.4]]
* Idle animations of teammates' [[characters]] can now be seen.
----
[[Version 1.0]]
* Co-Op Mode was released.
<noinclude>


[[th:โหมดเล่นหลายคน/ประวัติการเปลี่ยนแปลง]]
[[vi:Chế Độ Nhiều Người Chơi/Lịch Sử Cập Nhật]]
</noinclude>