{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = 
|caption          = 
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|pronunciation    =
|element          = Pyro
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = The Seven
|title            = Pyro Archon
|title2           = God of War
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Cochanina''', also known by her {{w|Goetic}} name '''Haborym''' and bearing the [[Ancient Name]] {{Ancient Name||'''Kiongozi'''|bearer=1}}, was a former [[God]] of War and [[Pyro Archon]] of [[Natlan]].<ref name="Surf's Up">{{Ref/Weapon|Surf's Up}}</ref>

She is also one of the individuals that the Abyssal beast [[Gosoythoth]] mimics in its final battle against the Traveler and Mavuika.

==Profile==
Cochanina was a kind and fun-loving mortal. Although she was an [[Archon]], she stood out as the surfing champion of the [[People of the Springs]]. One day, after receiving a warning from the tribe's elders, she defended her people from the [[Abyss|Volcano Lord]]. In a clever maneuver, she tricked him into believing that there was a treasure from time immemorial in the depths of the sea, leading him on a surfing race to find it. During the fake surfing race, Cochanina threw a Drifting Pufferfish at him, managing to drive him away. From then on, the Volcano Lord never dared to bother the People of the Springs again.<ref name="Surf's Up" />

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
*Since Cochanina was known as the surfing champion of the People of the Springs, it is likely that she was a member of that tribe before ascending to the position of Pyro Archon.

===Etymology===
*Cochanina is probably a fusion of the names of two {{w|Inca mythology|Inca}} goddesses: {{w|Mama Qucha|Mama Cocha}} and Mama Nina. Mama Cocha was the goddess of all waters and Mama Nina was the goddess of fire, light and volcanoes. Both goddesses were part of the Four Elemental Mothers in the Inca worldview.
**The fact that Cochanina saved the People of the Springs could also be an allusion to Mama Cocha, since the springs were considered her children.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Cochanina
|zhs      = 柯夏尼娜
|zhs_rm   = Kēxiànínà
|zht      = 柯夏尼娜
|zht_rm   = Kēxiànínà
|ja       = コシャニナ
|ko       = 코챠니나
|es       = Cochanina
|fr       = Cochanina
|ru       = Кочанина
|th       = Cochanina
|vi       = Cochanina
|de       = Cochanina
|id       = Cochanina
|pt       = Cochanina
|tr       = Cochanina
|it       = Cochanina
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Cochanina]]