{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Cogs in the Machine
|image             = Cogs in the Machine.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-10-12 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-10-17 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/113275
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20231012wriothesley/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Wriothesley; Aeife
}}
{{Description|Some people are like components, you just have to keep tapping away...}}
'''Cogs in the Machine''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.1]].

==Event Duration==
October 12, 2023 12:00 – October 17, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, help Wriothesley inspect the assembly line workers and leave the correct file to the Melusine to obtain in-game rewards.

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, inspect for suspicious signs and correct the behavior of negligent workers, then leave the correct file to the Melusine to obtain in-game rewards.
# When inspecting, you have to find the suspicious signs within a limited period of time. If the time runs out, you'll need to complete specified event missions to obtain extra inspections.
## Share this event.
## Watch Wriothesley's Character Teaser.
# After completing the inspection missions, share the event to claim the event wallpaper.

==In-Game Rewards==
After completing the inspection missions, Travelers can obtain in-game rewards, such as Primogems and Character Ascension Materials.
{{Card List|Mora*20,000;Mystic Enhancement Ore*2;Primogem*40;Shivada Jade Fragment*3|delim=;|show_caption=1}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please claim it in time.
# After completing the inspection missions, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cogs in the Machine
|zhs     = 机关轰鸣中
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 機關轟鳴中
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 鳴り響くマシナリー
|ja_rm   = Narihibiku Mashinarii
|ja_tl   = Reverberating Machinery
|ko      = 돌아가는 기계
|ko_tl   = Performing Machine
|es      = Moción mecánica
|es_tl   = Mechanical Motion
|fr      = Machines en action
|fr_tl   = Machines in Action
|ru      = Грохочущий механизм
|ru_tl   = Rumbling Mechanism
|th      = จักรกลคำราม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Máy Móc Đang Gầm Vang
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Maschinen in Aktion
|de_tl   = Machines in Action
|id      = Suara Mesin yang Menderu
|id_tl   = Roaring Engine Noise
|pt      = Máquinas Soando
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Makinadaki Dişliler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Macchine in azione
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

[[fr:Machines en action]]
[[pt-br:Máquinas Soando]]
[[ru:Грохочущий механизм]]
[[vi:Máy Móc Đang Gầm Vang]]