{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 08019
|image         = Archon Quest Cold Case Commission.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = IV
|act           = Bedtime Story
|actNum        = VI
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Amadhiah; Atossa; Bahram; Katheryne (Sumeru); Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Treasures Street]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = Finale
|next          = Memories That Should Not Exist
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*875;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Cold Case Commission|chapter=4|act=6|part=1}}

==Steps==
# Go to the Sumeru Adventurers' Guild and talk to Katheryne
# Go to [[Vimara Village]]
# Talk to [[Bahram]]
# Talk to [[Amadhiah]]
# Go to the place indicated by [[Atossa]]
# Defeat the [[Abyss Order]] monsters
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Pyro Abyss Mage}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Cryo Abyss Mage*2;Pyro Abyss Mage}}
# Talk to Atossa

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|The Town Where Only I Am Missing}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You arrive at the Adventurers' Guild in Sumeru. Katheryne seems to have a very tricky commission for your docket...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Ah, perfect! It's you two. I have a commission here that has your names written all over it. In fact, I'd even go so far as to say you're the only ones for the job.
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The only ones for the job? Huh, if our help is really that important, it's probably some Archon-class commission, right?
:{{DIcon}} I've never heard of that classification before.
:{{DIcon}} But sure, we're happy to take this on. Which Archon do you need us to deal with today?
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hehe... The Adventurers' Guild doesn't employ that kind of classification system. In fact, this commission is also probably not nearly as intimidating as what you're expecting.
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' All it asks us to do is to find a missing person.
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Then why did you say we were the only ones for the job?
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I came across this commission while reviewing our backlog not too long ago.
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' It seems simple, but our records indicate that over a dozen successive efforts to complete it have all ended in failure, despite attempts by several accomplished and renowned adventurers.
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' With the reputation of the Adventurers' Guild and the performance of the Sumeru branch at stake, it's in our best interest to assign this commission to the adventurer with the highest completion rate over the past few years...
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Well, that's us for sure!
:{{DIcon}} Flattery will get you everywhere with Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} But, I can't guarantee we'll be able to complete it, either.
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 katheryne 07.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hehe... All I'm asking is for you to give it your best shot.
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 katheryne 08.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' If it proves to be beyond your capabilities as well, I'll talk to the commissioner about canceling the commission.
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, so who are we looking for, and what is it about this commission that's made it so hard to complete?
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 katheryne 09.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' This commission was jointly issued by the residents of Vimara Village. They say one of their own villagers has gone missing...
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 katheryne 10.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' But the problem is... They don't know the missing person's name. They can only provide information about his general appearance.
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... They're all from the same village, but they don't even know his name?
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, if so many adventurers have failed to complete this commission, maybe this "missing villager" doesn't exist at all? Could it be some sort of... prank or something?
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 katheryne 11.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Unlikely. Several villagers came by to issue the commission, and judging by their appearance and tone of voice, they seemed incredibly sincere. It certainly didn't seem like a joke to them.
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 katheryne 12.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Besides, putting up a commission requires a processing fee. There aren't many upsides to a prank that costs Mora to carry out.
:{{DIcon}} True, that would be a little strange...
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 katheryne 13.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' In any case, it would probably be best to go to Vimara Village and ask around first. The Adventurers' Guild does have some information on hand, but I would say anything you can learn directly from the villagers would be far more reliable. The best way to avoid misdirection is to go to the source.
:{{A|vo szaq301 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, then let's go! Paimon is starting to get really curious about this whole thing!
----
;(Approach Vimara Village)
:{{A|vo szaq301 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We made it to Vimara Village! Why don't we talk to some of the villagers to learn a bit more about the missing guy?
:{{A|vo szaq301 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If this commission is really as challenging as Katheryne made it out to be, we're gonna need to carry out a very detailed investigation!

:(Talk to Bahram)
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 bahram 01.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' Hello there! You looking to buy something? I do business in this area...
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, no, no. We're adventurers! Katheryne sent us to look into a commission here in Vimara Village...
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 bahram 02.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' Ah, so you're here about that, then... *sigh* You're not the first, that's for sure. We've certainly made a lot of trouble for you all.
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 bahram 03.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' To be honest, we aren't holding out much hope. Many adventurers have made their way out here, confident they'd be able to help us, only to leave soon after with nothing to show for their efforts.
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 bahram 04.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' We've pretty much had it up to here in questions, and the area around the village has practically been overturned in search of clues. But, no one has been able to make any headway...
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this person we're looking for... What's his name? Where did he live? Does he have any relatives?
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 bahram 05.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' I don't know. I really have no clue. I couldn't tell you.
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okaayy... Guess you really are sick of answering questions.
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 bahram 06.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' Ah... I'm sorry. I didn't mean to sound short with you. I was actually just giving you my answer to your questions.
:{{DIcon}} So those three questions are a no go, then...
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything else you can tell us?
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 bahram 07.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' I know it may seem like we don't have anything to offer by way of information, but I promise you we all have a very strong impression of him. When you live in the same village as someone, you develop a lot of memories together, y'know?
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 bahram 08.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' We just don't know the specifics. Maybe we did at one point, but that information is long gone by now...
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 bahram 09.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' At least, that's what everyone in the village seems to think. We've all exchanged what we know, and that was the only logical conclusion.
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, specifics aside, then... What kind of person was he?
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 bahram 10.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' Young guy, in his early twenties probably. Incredibly kind sort of person, always willing to lend a helping hand...
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 bahram 11.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' I'd chat with him when I didn't have any customers. I even saw him stick out his neck for others on more than one occasion, haha... Very interesting guy, that one.
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that you've started talking about him, you don't seem nearly as down in the dumps as you did before. Seems like he left a pretty good impression on you.
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 bahram 12.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' But of course! Everyone in the village is pretty fond of him. We wouldn't have issued that commission otherwise.
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 bahram 13.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' There aren't many young people like him nowadays, so genuine and pure. To think that he just up and disappeared one day... I just hope nothing bad happened...
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could he have just... moved away without telling anyone?
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 bahram 14.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' No. He's not the type to leave without saying goodbye. And anyway, moving away without being seen by a single person in the village? There's no way he would've been able to manage that...
:{{A|vo szaq301 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... All right. Thanks for the information! We're gonna go ask around some more.

;(Talk to Bahram again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog szaq301 bahram 01.ogg}} '''Bahram:''' I really hope he's okay. Please, we're counting on you to find him.

;(Approach Amadhiah)
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 amadhiah 01.ogg}} '''Amadhiah:''' Is that guests I hear?
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi, Grandpa Amadhiah! We're here to help you look for the guy that's gone missing.
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 amadhiah 02.ogg}} '''Amadhiah:''' Ah, so that's what brings you to these parts! Coming all this way for our sake... That's so very kind of you. With your help, I trust that young man's case is in good hands.
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could you tell us a bit about him?
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 amadhiah 03.ogg}} '''Amadhiah:''' Of course! I'm happy to help any way I can.
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 amadhiah 04.ogg}} '''Amadhiah:''' With my failing eyesight, I'm afraid I can't offer much about his appearance. But, I do remember hearing the sound of his voice... Not recently, of course. That loss has left me feeling quite empty.
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 amadhiah 05.ogg}} '''Amadhiah:''' I don't think his parents are still living in the village. But, somehow, he never seemed lonely. In fact, he was usually the one offering companionship to others.
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 amadhiah 06.ogg}} '''Amadhiah:''' He would often take time to visit the elderly or play with the orphans in the village.
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 amadhiah 07.ogg}} '''Amadhiah:''' And whenever someone had something on their mind, he was there to listen with open ears. He always knew just what to say.
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 amadhiah 08.ogg}} '''Amadhiah:''' As the village chief, I owe him many thanks. Helping villagers navigate difficult moments in their lives should have been one of my responsibilities, but he was often the one rising to the occasion.
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, he seems like such a nice and gentle person! No wonder his disappearance affected you all so much.
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, um... You wouldn't happen to know any details about his name, address, or family situation, right?
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 amadhiah 09.ogg}} '''Amadhiah:''' *sigh*... I'm ashamed to admit it, but... I just can't remember. No matter how you look at it, I should know those things, but for some reason, no matter how hard I try to remember, the information just doesn't come. Perhaps my age really has caught up with me this time...
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah... It's okay! There's no need to force yourself to try and remember. We'll figure something out...
:;(The Traveler and Paimon walk to a nearby path)
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, {{Traveler}}? What do you think?
:{{DIcon}} There's probably more to this case than meets the eye.
:{{DIcon}} A lot of things are not adding up.
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks so too! Like the name thing... It's so weird that no one remembers his name.
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And nobody has been able to tell us anything about his family or where he lived... It's like this guy's been erased from reality or something.
:{{DIcon}} I would say it's more like...
:{{DIcon}} He's someone who only exists in people's memories.
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... So you're saying, it's not that he's been "erased" necessarily, but more like he never "existed" to begin with?
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, Paimon's gonna need some time to process that one... Someone who only exists in people's memories...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Could it be like what happened with Greater Lord Rukkhadevata? Like some sort of mass alteration of people's memories...?)
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 atossa 01.ogg}} '''???:''' You two are the adventurers who just arrived, right? You're here for the Vimara Village commission?
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, sure are! We were just looking into the case...
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 atossa 02.ogg}} '''???:''' I'm so glad to hear that! Thank goodness you haven't given up. I've been so worried the Adventurers' Guild might cancel our commission...
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 atossa 03.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' My name is Atossa, by the way. I grew up here in Vimara Village. Anyway, I just wanted to say... Please keep searching for our missing villager. I'm begging you. You have to find him...
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure we'll track him down.
:{{DIcon}} We'll certainly try our best.
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! No need to worry! We'll give it our best shot! So, were you close to the missing villager? Are there any leads you can give us?
:{{A|vo szaq301 5 atossa 04.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' Hmm... I'm not sure this counts as a lead, but follow me. There's a place I'd like to show you.

;(Talk to Amadhiah again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog szaq301 amadhiah 01.ogg}} '''Amadhiah:''' While you two are out searching, I'll also try and see what I can remember... If I think of something, I'll be sure to let you know.
----
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this the place? Under this tree?
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 01.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' Yep. I know it doesn't look like much, but this place is very meaningful to me. It's so full of memories...
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 02.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' We used to always sit together under this tree and talk. Sometimes, we would look up at the clouds in the sky, or stop to feel the wind against our skin. We could sit there for hours at a time, never realizing how long it had been...
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 03.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' I was actually adopted by the people of Vimara Village. The Forest Rangers found me in the woods as a child.
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 04.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' I was surrounded by such good people, and growing up in the village was so lively. Still... there were times when I couldn't help but feel incredibly alone...
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alone?
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 05.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' *sigh*... How should I put it? When something's bothering you, or when you have good news to share, you always want to talk about it with somebody. But, for the longest time, I didn't know who I could talk to, or if I should say anything at all...
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 06.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' Everyone has their own problems to deal with. Even if I might want to confide in others, I don't want to become a burden.
:{{DIcon}} I think I get what you mean.
:{{DIcon}} That's what family is for.
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 07.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' Really? You know exactly how I feel?
:{{DIcon}} I used to have someone like that, a family member that I could talk to no matter what.
:{{DIcon}} But now, I have a lot of friends who understand me, and would be happy to hear me out.
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww!
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 08.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' Wow, that sounds really nice. You're quite lucky. When it comes to our missing villager, well... I guess you could say that, to me, he felt like both &mdash; a family member I could rely on, and a friend who could really understand me.
<!--:;(Two miniature wooden carvings of people can be seen in the tree)-->
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 09.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' No matter what came my way, I knew I could always talk to him...
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 10.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' He was so thoughtful and pure... and patient, too. Whenever I talked to him, he would always seem so interested, as if the things I was describing were just as important to him as they were to me.
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 11.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' ...Ever since he disappeared, there's been so much I wanted to tell him...
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 12.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' No, no, none of those things matters now. I just really want to see him again...
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you two must have been really close...
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did he ever tell you anything about himself?
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 13.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' Hmm... He mostly just talked about interesting things he saw around the village... He'd share a lot of his own wild ideas as well...
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 14.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' Oh right, I did ask him about his parents once... But, all he said was, "They're not here anymore."
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 15.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' I didn't know whether that meant they had left the village or passed away, and I didn't want to pry...
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, still not much to go off of...
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 16.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' Ah, look at me, talking your ear off and still nothing to show for it. I'm sorry I wasn't more help...
:{{DIcon}} Don't say that.
:{{DIcon}} You helped us understand him better.
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 17.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' The last time I talked this much in one go was when we were still together.
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 18.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' Come to think of it, every time we talked, it always seemed to be around dusk, just like right now.
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 atossa 19.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' Time always passed by really slowly. Even when it felt like we'd been talking for hours, the sun would still be at the same position in the sky...
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, time always seems to pass slower when you're relaxed, right? ...Huh? What's wrong, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} It was always the same time of day...
:{{DIcon}} And time never seemed to pass...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Based on what we've learned, this is definitely not a regular missing person's case...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (What Atossa just told us about time could be the key to unraveling this whole mystery...)
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Hey, look at those Hilichurls over there... Doesn't it seem like they're acting a little strange?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:;(A [[Pyro Abyss Mage]] watches from a nearby cliff)
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, the Abyss Order. Could they be the ones behind all of this?
:;(It teleports in front of the Traveler)
:{{A|vo szaq301 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, we've been spotted. Quick, get ready to fight!

;(After defeating the enemies)
:{{A|vo szaq301 8 atossa 01.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' Thank you so much! I wasn't expecting monsters to show up. If you hadn't been here, I'm not sure what I would've done...
:{{A|vo szaq301 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It was no trouble!
:{{DIcon}} The question we should be asking now is...
:{{DIcon}} What is the Abyss Order doing around here?
:{{A|vo szaq301 8 atossa 02.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' Hmm, now that I think about it, the Hilichurls around Vimara Village have been a lot more active lately...
:{{A|vo szaq301 8 atossa 03.ogg}} '''Atossa:''' They seem agitated, and would often attack anything in sight. Chief Amadhiah doesn't allow the children to play in the area around the village anymore.
:{{A|vo szaq301 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Maybe the Abyss Order really is involved...
:{{A|vo szaq301 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we should head back and check out the situation in Vimara Village just in case. If the Abyss Order is plotting something, that could spell trouble for the villagers.
:;(Continues to ''[[Memories That Should Not Exist]]'')
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Cold Case Commission
|zhs      = 积存已久的委托
|zhs_rm   = Jīcún Yǐjiǔ de Wěituō
|zht      = 積存已久的委託
|zht_rm   = Jīcún Yǐjiǔ de Wěituō
|zh_tl    = A Commission Long Unfulfilled 
|ja       = 未解決依頼
|ja_rm    = Mikaiketsu Irai
|ja_tl    = Unresolved Commission
|ko       = 장기 미해결 의뢰
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Un encargo muy antiguo
|es_tl    = A Very Old Charge
|fr       = Une mission qui date
|fr_tl    = An Old Mission
|ru       = Давнее поручение
|ru_tl    = Bygone Commission
|th       = คำขอที่ค้างไว้นานแล้ว
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Ủy Thác Tồn Đọng Đã Lâu
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Mission, die seit Langem aussteht
|de_tl    = Mission, That is Pending for a Long Time
|id       = Misi yang Terbengkalai
|id_tl    = Abandoned Mission
|pt       = Comissão Arquivada
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Çözülemeyen Bir Vaka
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Un caso irrisolto
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter IV}}

[[th:คำขอที่ค้างไว้นานแล้ว]]
[[vi:Ủy Thác Tồn Đọng Đã Lâu]]