{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Collei
|id             = 368153
|image          = Character Collei Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Collei''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Changes...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I've gotta work hard...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Literacy lessons...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Over in Mondstadt...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Studying...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} How have you been...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Don't push yourself...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo collei mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' How have you been recently {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo collei mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' If you ever feel unwell, don't ignore it and soldier on, okay?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Yeah, it's pretty nice. Great place to rest and recuperate.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' It's actually quite normal for [[Forest Rangers]] to rough it out in the wild sometimes.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' And during my wandering days, having a tent to keep the wind out was a luxury.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' But still... I do prefer places with plenty of vegetation. It's nice being surrounded by constant reminders of the temerity of life.
::{{DIcon}} Wait... do you mean the "tenacity" of life...?
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Huh!? "T&mdash;Tenacity"? Wait, is it?
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I'm sorry, I only heard Master [[Tighnari]] say it once before... he said he likes living somewhere that is a testament to the... tenacity of life.
::{{DIcon}} So shall I plant some more trees?
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' No need! It's great as it is.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Collei:''' If you're gonna live somewhere for the long term, the most important thing to consider is how it makes you feel.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I really like it here. Thank you so much for inviting me.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Want to chat?
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Sounds good!
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' ...
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' ...Um, sorry, I thought you were gonna go first.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I don't have much experience in starting conversations... so I don't really know where to start.
::{{DIcon}} Don't worry. As it happens, I've got something I wanted to tell you.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}}  '''Collei:''' Oh... Sure, go ahead! I'm all ears.
::{{DIcon}} Amber told me a few things about you...
:::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship2 06a 1.ogg}} '''Collei:''' [[Amber]]!? She mentioned me? What did she say? Wait, lemme grab my notebook, I need to write this down!
:::{{DIcon}} Seeing you flourishing...
:::{{DIcon}} Makes her really happy.
:::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship2 06a 2.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Heh, I don't know about flourishing &mdash; I've still got a long way to go... Was there anything else?
:::{{DIcon}} She mentioned your recent letter...
:::{{DIcon}} She said there were quite a few spelling mistakes...
:::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship2 06a 3.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh... I, um, I did my best...
::{{DIcon}} Kaeya told me a few things about you...
:::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship2 06b 1.ogg}} '''Collei:''' K&mdash;[[Kaeya]]!? ...I'm sorry, I suddenly have a stomachache...
:::{{DIcon}} He said you made quite a few spelling mistakes in your letter.
:::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship2 06b 2.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, is that it? I was sure he'd gone and... Ahem, never mind.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I learned a few new words recently. I wanted to get the hang of them, so I tried to use them all in my letter.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Collei:''' But if that made it too difficult to read, I guess I was getting ahead of myself.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I need to take it slowly and use new words more carefully. Better to mix in a few new words with what I already know.
::{{DIcon}} I can spell-check your letters for you.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Really? Wow, thanks! Oh, and in that case, I need to call you "Master," too!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Actually, I was wondering about inviting you to go camping with me.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' My mood's been pretty good these past few days, and I just finished an exam. Master Tighnari says I should take some time to relax.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' We should find a nice wide open place to enjoy the scenery, and bring some ingredients to cook over the campfire.
::{{DIcon}} When are we leaving?
::{{DIcon}} Shall I get ready?
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Um... I was thinking maybe we could leave today?
::{{DIcon}} Today!?
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Um... well actually, I only handed in my exam paper so far. Master Tighnari said he'll mark it when he's got a spare moment...
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' But if I don't get a good mark, I'll have to start revising again right away.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' And you said you were up for it, so I didn't want to let this opportunity go by...
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Then again, now I think about it, even though we could find some ingredients on the ground, we'll need some time to think of a good location.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Collei:''' And if we're going out into the wild, there's a whole lot of other things we need to prepare for, too...
::{{DIcon}} How about we just go camping here?
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Huh? Here? ...Actually, yeah, I never thought of that!
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Plenty of open space, a great view, and no danger...
::{{DIcon}} Consider it the trial run before we go camping for real.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Alright! Ah, this is such a good idea. You're so good at this kind of thing.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Wait! Are you sure [[Tubby]] won't mind?
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Collei.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Good morning, {{Traveler}}!
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I'm doing okay today. Here's hoping it continues.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good evening, Collei.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Have a good rest, {{Traveler}}, and let's hope tomorrow is another good day.
::{{A|vo collei mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Hmm? Me? Oh... I'll hit the hay as soon as I'm done with my studying...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Forest Patrol Anecdotes===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm collei ranger 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Wow, what a great little cabin! I'm sure the time would just fly by if I did some reading here.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm collei ranger 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' But knowing me... I'd be bugging you for help every few seconds because there's so many words I don't know... That would definitely ruin the mood...
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm collei ranger 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Uh... I think I'll stick with books I've read before, then. Always helps to have a refresher.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Deep in the Quiet Forest===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm collei forestvillage 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Hmm... I see this hut is built from wooden stakes, lashed together nice and tight with a rope. It's really sturdy...
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm collei forestvillage 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Looks like you know what you're doing! I don't have anything else to add.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm collei forestvillage 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Next time we go camping, let's try and set up a tent that's just as strong as this!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Collei/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Collei/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:コレイ/仲間]]
[[ru:Коллеи/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Collei/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Collei/Bạn Đồng Hành]]