{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest Collector of Anemo Sigils.png
|id            = 20504
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|summary       = Discover [[Marjorie]]'s shop, [[With Wind Comes Glory]]. She explains that she wants [[Anemo Sigil]]s to purchase her products.
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 9
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Marjorie; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Collector of Anemo Sigils''' is a World Quest that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]].
==Steps==
#Talk to the shop owner, [[Marjorie]]

==Notes==
* It is not necessary to purchase anything from Marjorie in order to progress and complete the quest.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Paimon]] has discovered a very unique store...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approaching the souvenir shop)
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look! Doesn't that shop look interesting?
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see what they're selling!

;(Talk to Marjorie)
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 01.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Welcome. Every treasure here is unique, guaranteed.
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe... Yep, there's nothing here that Paimon recognizes, that's for sure.
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 02.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Haha, what did I tell you! These are all rare items brought back by adventurers from all corners of the world.
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 03.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Is there anything that catches your eye?
:{{DIcon}} It's all so exquisite...
:{{DIcon}} I daren't ask about the price!
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 04.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' No need! I forgot to mention, I operate on a trading basis. Goods for goods &mdash; no Mora accepted here.
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 05.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' I've been trying to make something a bit special recently, and I need a lot of {{Color|buzzword|Anemo Sigils}} to decorate it with.
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 06.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Do you have any {{Color|buzzword|Anemo Sigils}} with you?
:{{DIcon}} I have a few.
::{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 07a.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Haha, it seems the Anemo Archon approves of your adventures then.
:{{DIcon}} What are those?
::{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 07b.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' It's like a seal or emblem that the Anemo Archon gives to adventurers as a form of acknowledgment.
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 08.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' More to the point, any {{Color|buzzword|Anemo Sigils}} you find you can trade in here for items in the shop.
:{{DIcon|Souvenir}} Browse items.
:;(After browsing the items for sale)
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 09.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' {{Color|buzzword|Anemo Sigils}} appear all over Mondstadt. If you find yourself short, just keep exploring.
:{{DIcon}} Are they really just for decoration?
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Absolutely! What could be more beautiful than a gift from the Anemo Archon?
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 10.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Haha, okay, you got me.
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 11.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' It's actually more complicated than that, but it's easier for people to understand if I just say it's for decoration.
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 12.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Obviously the reason I need {{Color|buzzword|Anemo Sigils}} is because they have properties that other materials cannot provide.
:{{DIcon}} Let me see it when it's finished.
::{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 13a.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Haha, of course! I guarantee you will be quite surprised at the result.
:{{DIcon}} I feel like you're making this sound more mysterious than it actually is.
::{{A|vo tips anemosigil paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But it's working... Paimon's curious now!
::{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 13b.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Haha! Well it wouldn't be much of a surprise if I gave everything away, now would it?
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 14.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Do come again soon – and bring me lots and lots of {{Color|buzzword|Anemo Sigils}} next time!
:{{A|vo tips anemosigil marjorie 15.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Please also visit if you come across any weird and wonderful treasures on your adventures!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Collector of Anemo Sigils
|zhs     = 收集风之印的少女
|zhs_rm  = Shōují Fēngzhīyìn de Shàonǚ
|zht     = 收集風之印的少女
|zht_rm  = Shōují Fēngzhīyìn de Shàonǚ
|zh_tl   = The Girl Who Collects Anemo Sigils
|ja      = 風の印を集める少女
|ja_rm   = Kaze no Shirushi wo Atsumeru Shoujo
|ja_tl   = The Girl Who Collects Anemo Sigils
|ko      = 바람의 인장을 수집하는 소녀
|ko_rm   = Baram-ui Injang-eul Sujiphaneun Sonyeo
|ko_tl   = The Girl Who Collects Wind Seal
|es      = Coleccionista de insignias Anemo
|es_tl   = Anemo Insignias Collector
|fr      = Collectionneuse de sceaux Anémo
|fr_tl   = Collector of Anemo Sigils
|ru      = Собирательница печатей Анемо
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = หญิงสาวผู้สะสม Anemo Sigils
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thiếu nữ thu thập Ấn Phong
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Mädchen mit den Anemo-Siegeln
|de_tl   = The Girl with the Anemo Sigils
|id      = Gadis Kolektor Anemo Sigil
|id_tl   = Collector of Anemo Sigil
|pt      = Coletor dos Selos Anemos
|pt_tl   = Collector of Anemo Seals
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}