<!--
{{Meta
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
}}
-->
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Colter.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = <!-- Nation where you can find the character in the game -->
|affiliation      = Spina di Rosula
|affiliationNote  = Formerly
|title            = 
|title2           = Person Living in the Past<!-- Trial title-->

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Colter''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Braving the Tides Together}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Colter is a member of the [[Spina di Rosula]]. He worked with [[Melus]] when they were younger, often bringing supplies to and from the [[Court of Fontaine]] and [[Poisson]]. When Melus supported Callas' decision with the [[aquabus]] system, Colter believed that Melus had lost his ability to think in return for loyalty.

At some point prior to the [[Traveler]]'s arrival in Fontaine, he was found guilty of a crime and sentenced to the [[Fortress of Meropide]] to serve his sentence. During his time, he realized that Melus' logic was right and wanted to apologize to him when he was released.

After the [[Prophecy of Fontaine]] passed, Colter was released following the fulfillment of his sentence. However, he learns of Melus' death, leaving him anguished as he blames Navia for his demise. He made contact with [[Romeuf]] and his faction; while he did not share most of their views, he wanted to get revenge against Navia. Romeuf tasked Colter with assassinating Navia, but he was unsuccessful in doing so due to the Traveler accompanying her. This led to Romeuf becoming impatient, who sent [[Martinat]] to [[Court of Fontaine: Fleuve Cendre|Fleuve Cendre]] to warn him that he was going to start his plot. Colter in turn tipped Romeuf's faction of the impending security measures that [[Florent]] was going to perform, allowing Romeuf and his faction to avoid detection.

The following day, as Romeuf began his plot, the Traveler was sent by Navia to stop them from detonating explosives. This gave Colter the chance to kill Navia, but his attempt was blocked by Florent. He expresses his anger towards her for her supposed incompetence, though Florent defends her from his accusations. He then tries to attack again with Romeuf's infiltrators, but is knocked out in the ensuing battle by her. Once the plot was foiled with all of Romeuf's members being taken into custody, Navia had the [[Maison Gardiennage]] bring Colter to her, where she told him that she understood his plight and would try to make Poisson a better place. Colter then realized that his anger was misguided and that there were circumstances that could not be avoided. Before he was taken away, Navia dismissed him from the Spina di Rosula, but told him that he would be welcome to return to Poisson once he finished serving his sentence.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Colter
|zhs     = 科尔特
|zhs_rm  = Kē'ěrtè
|zht     = 科爾特
|zht_rm  = Kē'ěrtè
|ja      = コルター
|ja_rm   = Korutaa
|ko      = 콜터
|es      = Colter
|fr      = Colter
|ru      = Колтер
|th      = Colter
|vi      = Colter
|de      = Colter
|id      = Colter
|pt      = Colter
|tr      = Colter
|it      = Colter
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->