{{Character Infobox
|title            = Damselette
|title2           = The Third of the Eleven Fatui Harbingers
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = Columbina.png
|affiliation      = Fatui
|affiliation2     = Eleven Fatui Harbingers
|region           = Snezhnaya

|voiceEN          = {{w|Emi Lo}}<ref name="lazzo video description">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/TmaAOV4SJNQ Teyvat Chapter Interlude Teaser: A Winter Night's Lazzo] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceCN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/杨梦露 Yang Menglu ({{zh|杨梦露}})]<ref name="Lazzo Chinese">Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1mB4y1e7Lh {{zh|《原神·提瓦特篇》幕间PV-「冬夜愚戏」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Lynn (voice actress)|Lynn}}<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/Genshin_7/status/1546353785890435072 JP VA Announcement]</ref>
|voiceKR          = {{w|ko:유영 (성우)|Yu Yeong ({{ko|유영}})}}<ref name="Lazzo Korean">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/MgcKHysZ_Dc {{ko|원신 티바트편 막간 PV - 「한겨울 밤의 광대극」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
}}
'''Columbina''', also known by her codename "'''Damselette''',"<ref name="lazzo video description" /> is the Third of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]].<ref name="childe columbina voiceover">{{Ref/VO|Tartaglia|About Damselette}}</ref>

She makes her first appearance during ''[https://youtu.be/TmaAOV4SJNQ Teyvat Chapter Interlude Teaser: A Winter Night's Lazzo]'' alongside her fellow Harbingers. She can be heard talking to [[Dottore]] at the end, where she tells him he is looking young and asks him about the "segment in the prime of his life."<ref group="Note">The dialogue in the video, "So, where's the Segment in the prime of his life, then?" matches the dialogue quoted in her [https://twitter.com/Genshin_7/status/1546348811722772480 Japanese VA announcement].</ref>

==Profile==
While appearing to be uncaring and oblivious to her surroundings no matter the situation, Columbina is implied to be extremely dangerous, as both [[Tartaglia]] and [[Wanderer]] warn the [[Traveler]] to be wary around her if they ever meet each other.<ref name="childe columbina voiceover" /><ref>{{Ref/VO|Wanderer|About Damselette}}</ref> On the other hand, [[Arlecchino]] is less wary of her, stating that if she was to properly answer a question, it could be entirely unpredictable, but any of her answers would be interesting in general.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Arlecchino|About Damslette}}</ref> Being the third of the Fatui Harbingers, she also has power rivaling that of the [[god]]s.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Toast to Victory}}</ref>

===Appearance===
Columbina is a pale young woman with long black hair with dark pink/magenta highlights, tied into two side-plaits resting just over her shoulders with white ribbon around it in an X-shape. She has several white feather-like ribbons on the back of her head that are reminiscent of dove wings. She wears a white X-shaped lace mask covering her seemingly always-closed eyes. Her attire is not clearly seen other than her Harbinger cloak, but it can be assumed she wears gloves, and through one slit of her coat, a black and pink skirt can be spotted. In the ending photo with all of the harbingers, she can also be seen with a white ribbon bowtie on her neck. Her harbinger cloak has a white gem.

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* The melody Columbina sings in ''A Winter Night's Lazzo'' is a rendition of the melodies of ''[[Chrysalis Suspirii]]'' and ''[[Saltatio Favillae]]'', both of which are played during the battle with [[Signora]] in [[Narukami Island: Tenshukaku]].
* Her headpiece mimics that of an angel's wings, specifically a {{w|seraph}}'s.
* The pattern on her eye mask and headband are similar in appearance to the pattern on the bottom of a [[Seelie]] Court.
===Etymology===
* In ''{{w|commedia dell'arte}}'', a type of Italian theater, {{Lang|Columbina|it=''Colombina''|it_tl=Little Dove}} is a female servant who is often the "only functional intellect on the stage" as she does her best to get the {{w|Innamorati}} together.

==Gallery==
{{Files by Character Gallery|Columbina Gallery Files}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|1_en      = Columbina
|1_zhs     = 哥伦比娅
|1_zhs_rm  = Gēlúnbǐyà
|1_zht     = 哥倫比婭
|1_zht_rm  = Gēlúnbǐyà
|1_ja      = コロンビーナ
|1_ja_rm   = Koronbiina
|1_ko      = 콜롬비나
|1_es      = Colombina
|1_fr      = Columbina
|1_ru      = Коломбина
|1_th      = Columbina
|1_vi      = Columbina
|1_de      = Columbina
|1_id      = Columbina
|1_pt      = Columbina
|1_tr      = Columbina
|1_it      = Colombina

|2_en      = Damselette
|2_zhs     = 少女
|2_zhs_rm  = Shàonǚ
|2_zht     = 少女
|2_zht_rm  = Shàonǚ
|2_zh_tl   = Young Woman
|2_ja      = 少女
|2_ja_rm   = Shoujo
|2_ja_tl   = Young Woman
|2_ko      = {{tt|소녀|少女}}
|2_ko_tl   = Girl
|2_es      = La Damisela
|2_es_tl   = The Damsel
|2_fr      = Jouvencelle
|2_fr_tl   = Maiden
|2_ru      = Субретка
|2_ru_tl   = {{W|Soubrette}}
|2_th      = Damselette
|2_vi      = Damselette
|2_de      = Jungfrau
|2_de_tl   = Damsel
|2_id      = Damselette
|2_pt      = Donzela
|2_pt_tl   = Damsel
|2_tr      = Küçük Hanım
|2_tr_tl   = Little Lady
|2_it      = Damigella
|2_it_tl   = Young Lady
|2_it_note = {{it|Damigella}} is more commonly used for "bridesmaid."
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.8}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Fatui Navbox}}

[[es:Colombina]]
[[fr:Columbina]]
[[ja:コロンビーナ]]
[[pl:Columbina]]
[[pt-br:Columbina]]
[[ru:Коломбина]]
[[th:Columbina]]
[[vi:Columbina]]
[[zh:哥倫比婭]]