{{Act Infobox
|image          = A Parade of Providence Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = A Parade of Providence
|actNum         = I
|next           = Beginnings and Endings
}}
'''Comings and Goings''' is the first act of the [[A Parade of Providence]] event.

==Quests==
* [[Opening Festivities]]

==Summary==
{{Description|The Interdarshan Championship has begun. Gala booths stand prepared in neat and compacted rows. A festive atmosphere grows, spurring people to explore the extravaganza...}}
While traveling, Paimon hears about an event called the Akademiya Extravaganza, so she and the Traveler make their way to the Akademiya for more information. After running into Wiqas, a member of the organizing committee, he explains that the Extravaganza comprises two parts, the Wisdom Gala, an annual event where the six Darshans set up booths to showcase their abilities, and the Interdarshan Championship, an event run once every 4 years where each Darshan picks one member to represent them to fight for the title of champion. Because the Wisdom Gala and the Interdarshan Championship are held side-by-side this year, Sumeru's interest in the Extravaganza is peaked. Furthermore, with Lesser Lord Kusanali's plan to introduce the Akademiya's atmosphere to the desert folk through the Extravaganza, this year's event is more important than most. Wiqas then proposes to commission the Traveler and Paimon as guest commentators for the Championship (essentially being the official roving reporters), believing that with how well-known they are in both sides of Sumeru, the Akademiya can further promote the event to the people. The Traveler and Paimon accept the commission and head over to the Extravaganza's main venue to meet Kareena.

They arrive to the venue to find that the opening ceremony has begun, with Kareena explaining that the winner will get to wear the Diadem of Knowledge, an artifact bought by a wealthy researcher named Sachin 20 years ago that was donated to the Akademiya, and adds that he also sponsored the competition. The Traveler then sees a vision of a white-haired man on the stage claiming that human nature creates conflict, which creates ruin, but Paimon calls out to them, ending the vision. Kareena then introduces the competitors: Tighnari, Cyno, Layla, Faruzan, Kaveh, and surprisingly, Wanderer, representing Vahumana as "Hat Guy".

The Traveler and Paimon interview the contestants and find out that there are two ways to join the Championship: through self-nomination like Cyno, Faruzan and Kaveh, or by over half of a darshan's members nominating one of their own by recommendations, like Tighnari and Layla. Tighnari chose to join to promote his ecology lecture, Cyno because of the limited-edition Genius Invokation TCG card within the prize pool, Faruzan to gain more students and more funding for her research, and Kaveh to have the prize money to buy a new house and move out of Alhaitham's. The Wanderer refuses to disclose his reason upon entering but explains that after Aqaba published his essay about the Tatarasuna incident, he wrote a few papers to object it, as well as making some comments about Inazuma's societal problem, which caught Nahida's attention, who then enrolled him herself into Vahumana under the name Hat Guy.

The two then head over to Kareena, who gives them a custom Kamera and a locator to record the contestants during the competition rounds. The Traveler asks her about the man in their vision, but she and Paimon hadn't noticed anything or anyone odd. Dehya and Candace arrive at the venue, hoping to use the Extravaganza as a way to relax and to have fun; however because the competition is about to start, the Traveler and Paimon have to turn down their invitation to join them.

The other two commentators, Alhaitham and Nilou, explain the rules of the first round, which is to hunt three speedy butterflies called Swiftflies among the butterflies that were sent into Sumeru City during the opening ceremony. The contestants split up and begin their plans to hunt the Swiftflies, with Cyno and Layla using their own agility, Kaveh and Faruzan working together to release mechanical butterflies to attract the real ones and find the Swiftflies amongst them, and Tighnari creating a special incense using ingredients given by Collei to lure them in. After a while, Layla finds the last Swiftfly and chases after it to Dehya and Candace; the latter catches the Swiftfly and gives it to her.

Layla, along with the Traveler and Paimon, returns to the venue and hands over the Swiftfly to Alhaitham and Nilou, with the former declaring that the first round has ended with Tighnari being the first winner and Layla being the third. As for the second winner, the combined efforts of Kaveh and Faruzan to catch the Swiftfly have them tied. However, only one of them can earn the points, and they are forced to draw lots. Faruzan wins, making her the second winner of this round. As the commentator's stand is being moved to Aaru Village for the second round, the Traveler and Paimon are approached by Morgiana, who suggests that they to talk to her boss, Dori, at the city's north gate. The two head to find Dori, who tries to sell her items to them. The Traveler suddenly notices two Eremites, Amur and Ganjul, walking around the city, alerting Dori, who states that she has secret information about the Extravaganza.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Comings and Goings
|zhs       = 蝶去蝶来
|zhs_rm    = Diéqù Diélái
|zht       = 蝶去蝶來
|zht_rm    = Diéqù Diélái
|zh_tl     = 
|ja        = 蝶が来ては去り
|ja_rm     = Chou ga Kite wa Sari
|ja_tl     = The Butterfly Comes and Goes
|ko        = 오가는 나비들
|ko_tl     = Butterflies That Come and Go
|es        = Yendo y viniendo
|es_tl     = Going and Coming
|fr        = Allées et venues
|fr_tl     = Comings and Goings
|ru        = И тут, и там
|ru_tl     = Here and There
|th        = ผีเสื้อบินมาและบินไป
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Bướm Đến Bướm Đi
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Schmetterlinge tummeln und bummeln
|de_tl     = Butterflies Frisk and Stroll
|id        = Yang Datang dan Pergi
|id_tl     = Those Who Come and Go
|pt        = Idas e Vindas
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Gelişler ve Gidişler
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Avanti e indietro
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:Idas e Vindas]]