{{Event
|name              = Community Adventure Guide
|image             = Community Adventure Guide.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-07-05 12:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-08-13 23:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link3             = https://act.hoyolab.com/puzzle/bbs/pz_1pJyIaJMms/index.html
}}
{{Description|The "Community Adventure Guide" Limited-Time Event Has Begun!<br>Check out all the best community content of the week and get a chance to win Primogems ×200!}}
'''Community Adventure Guide''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.8]].

==Event Duration==
July 5, 2023 &ndash; August 13, 2023 23:59:59 (UTC+8)

==Event Participation==
#During the event period, Travelers can obtain Keys by completing the missions of logging into the game, visiting HoYoLAB, trying out Genshin Impact tools, etc.
#Concerning the mission "Log in to Genshin Impact today": To complete the mission, log into the game no later than 23:59 (UTC+8) the same day with a character from any game server linked to the HoYoLAB ID. If the mission status is not updating correctly, log back into the game or refresh the event page.

===Obtaining Keys===
#Travelers can complete the event missions according to the requirements to get a corresponding amount of Keys.
#Missions are divided into Daily Missions, Limited-Time Missions, and Weekly Missions. "Daily Missions" will be refreshed at 00:00 (UTC+8) the following day, and "Weekly Missions" will be refreshed at 00:00 (UTC+8) every Monday. Limited-Time Missions are exclusive to new HoYoLAB users, and are valid for 7 days after a new HoYoLAB account is registered.
#You will have to manually collect the Keys obtained in the event. Uncollected Keys will expire after the missions are refreshed and cannot be collected after the expiration date.
#The "Post" and "Like" missions in the event must be completed in the designated topics linked to the mission. Only posts and Likes under those topics are counted towards successfully completing the mission. Designated topics are those that are linked to the missions.
#Recording of in-game mission progress, such as completing 4 Daily Commissions and consuming 60 Original Resin, starts at 04:00 (Server Time).

==Event Rewards==
===Rules===
====Prize Draw====
#Each Traveler can use the Keys to participate in the prize draw up to 5 times per day.
#During the event, each Traveler is guaranteed to obtain an Avatar Frame after 10 Draws and a Profile Page Background Image after a total of 15 Draws.

====Reward Redemption====
#Redeemable rewards are renewed every Wednesday at 19:00 (UTC+8).
#Each redeemable reward can only be obtained once per Traveler and is limited in quantity. First come, first served.
#Rewards Renewal Schedule:
#*Mora ×10,000, 10,000 sets for the first week. From July 12 to August 13, 4,000 sets will be replenished every Wednesday.
#*Mora ×50,000, 3,000 sets for the first week. From July 12 to August 13, 1,000 sets will be replenished every Wednesday.
#*Hero's Wit ×2, 3,000 sets for the first week. From July 12 to August 13, 2,000 sets will be replenished every Wednesday.
#*Hero's Wit ×5, 2,000 sets for the first week. From July 12 to August 13, 1,000 sets will be replenished every Wednesday.

====Reward Details====
#In-game item redemption codes rewarded by participating in the event will be sent to the winners via system messages, and Travelers can use the redemption code to exchange in the game.
#You must reach Adventure Rank 10 or above to redeem the redemption codes.
#The redemption codes are valid from July 5, 2023 00:00 to August 20, 2023 00:00 (UTC+8). Participants who miss the deadline will be deemed to have forfeited their rewards, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

===Rewards===
====Prize Draw Zone====
Each Draw costs 20 Keys.
*Primogems ×200 (1,500 sets)
*Primogems ×100 (2,000 sets)
*Primogems ×60 (6,000 sets)
*Primogems ×30 (90,000 sets)
*Mora ×10,000 (100,000 sets)
*Hero's Wit ×5 (21,800 sets)
*Adventurer's Experience ×5 (40,000 sets)
*Fine Enhancement Ore ×5 (80,000 sets)
*"Summer Vacation? Electro-Charged!" HoYoLAB Avatar Frame (90 days)
*"Summer Vacation? Electro-Charged!" HoYoLAB Avatar Frame (Permanent)
**Guaranteed in 10 Draws
*Secret Summer Paradise HoYoLAB Profile Page Background Image (Permanent)
**Guaranteed in 15 Draws
*Key ×5

====Redemption Zone====
*Hero's Wit ×5 (7,000 sets), ×300 Keys
*Mora ×50,000 (8,000 sets), ×300 Keys
*Hero's Wit ×2 (13,000 sets), ×120 Keys
*Mora ×10,000 (30,000 sets), ×60 Keys
*"Hidden Civilizations" HoYoLAB Avatar Frame (30 days) (900,000), ×30 Keys
*"Hidden Civilizations" HoYoLAB Avatar Frame (90 days) (900,000), ×90 Keys
*"Fun in the Forest" HoYoLAB Avatar Frame (30 days) (900,000), ×30 Keys
*"Fun in the Forest" HoYoLAB Avatar Frame (90 days) (900,000), ×90 Keys
==Event Missions==
The following event missions will each award 5 Keys (unless stated otherwise). It costs 20 Keys to draw once in the Prize Draw Zone.

===Daily Missions===
*Log in to HoYoLAB today (×10 Keys)
*Check in once on Genshin Impact Daily Check-In and obtain Primogems ×100 on your first check-in<ref group="Note">Requires clicking on the link for completion.</ref>
*Log in to Genshin Impact today

===Growth Missions===
====Weekly Missions====
A total of 6 different missions will appear each week. Those with "[Refresh Weekly]"<ref group="Note">Or similar variations of this message.</ref> rotate while the rest are renewed.
*Two of the following:
**[Refresh Weekly] Use a HoYoWiki Travel Calendar to quickly check the reset time for materials
**[Refreshes Weekly] Use the Teyvat Interactive Map to explore new areas
**[Refresh Weekly] Head to "Battle Chronicle" to get an overview of data for events and challenges
**(Refreshes Weekly) Check out "More Content" in HoYoWiki for official trailers and selected guides
**[Refreshes Weekly] Use the Teyvat Interactive Map to find and mark out material locations
**[Refresh Weekly] Head to "Battle Chronicle" and share your Spiral Abyss Battle Chronicle with a single click
**[Refresh Weekly] Use the HoYoWiki Travel Calendar to quickly check the reset time for materials
**[Refresh Weekly] Use the Enhancement Progression Calculator to quickly calculate the materials required for enhancing different characters
**[Refresh Weekly] Check out the Traveler's Diary to view details about your monthly Primogems and Mora
**[Refresh Weekly] Use widgets to view your game progress and favorite companions
*View and participate in 1 popular event this week<ref group="Note">Clicking on the link is sufficient for completion.
</ref>
*Head over to trending topics for content
*Two of the following:
**[Refresh Weekly] Complete 4 Daily Commissions
**[Refresh Weekly] Enhance a weapon once
**[Refresh Weekly] Perform Artifact enhancements twice
**[Refresh Weekly] Collect 3 Crystal Cores
**[Refresh Weekly] Use a total of 60 Original Resin
**[Refresh Weekly] Complete 2 Domain Challenges
**[Refresh Weekly] Cook 5 dishes
**[Refresh Weekly] Spend a total of 1,000 Mora
**[Refresh Weekly] Forge 5 Items
**[Refresh Weekly] Mine 5 Items
**[Refresh Weekly] Obtain 3 pieces of wood
**[Refresh Weekly] Open 2 Ley Line Blossom chests

====One-Time Missions====
These missions can only be completed once per event period.
*Fish out 1 bottle in the [https://act.hoyolab.com/bbs/event/epiaol0820v2/index.html "BottleMi" event]

==Other==
#The Keys obtained in this event can only be redeemed and drawn in this page, and will not be used cumulatively with other events.
#After the end of this event, Travelers' unused Keys will expire at the end of the event.
#Keys and in-game rewards will be officially withdrawn in the following cases. If the Traveler has already used the Keys to redeem or draw prizes before the withdrawal, the prizes will be withdrawn:
#*The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
#*Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
#If the Traveler cheats in the event (such as using technical loopholes to attack the site to obtain rewards, virtual transactions, etc.), the official team will revoke the offending Traveler's eligibility to participate in the event and has the right to withdraw the rewards obtained by the offending Traveler. In the event of a serious violation, the account may be subject to sanctions in accordance with the regulations.

==Trivia==
*Redirects from this web-event mention [[Hilichurls' Treasure Trove]] in the URL, an event which had the same mechanics as '''Community Adventure Guide'''.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en        = Community Adventure Guide
|zhs       = 社区冒险指南
|zhs_rm    = Shèqū Màoxiǎn Zhǐnán
|zht       = 社群冒險指南
|zht_rm    = Shèqún Màoxiǎn Zhǐnán
|ja        = コミュニティ冒険ガイド
|ja_rm     = Komyuniti Bouken Gaido
|ko        = 커뮤니티 모험 가이드
|es        = Guía de aventuras de la comunidad
|fr        = Guide d'aventure de la communauté
|ru        = Руководство по приключениям сообщества
|th        = คู่มือการผจญภัยในคอมมูนิตี้
|th_rm     = 
|vi        = Hướng Dẫn Mạo Hiểm Cộng Đồng
|de        = Community-Abenteuerführer
|id        = Panduan Petualangan Komunitas
|pt        = Guia de Aventuras da Comunidade
|tr        = Topluluk Macera Rehberi
|it        = Guida alle avventure nella community
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}