{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = List
}}
{{About|the daily quests|the Inazuman organizations|Tri-Commission}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Commission.svg
|type         = Quest Types
}}
'''Commissions''' (or '''Daily Commissions''') are [[Quest]]s unlocked upon reaching [[Adventure Rank]] 12 and completing the [[World Quest]] "[[Every Day a New Adventure]]."

Initially, only [[Mondstadt]] commissions are available. Commissions for other regions can be unlocked by fulfilling their requirements:
* [[Liyue]]: Complete [[Prologue]] Act II: [[For a Tomorrow Without Tears]] and [[New Horizons of Adventure]]
* [[Inazuma]]: Complete [[Chapter II]] Act I: [[The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia]] and [[Katheryne in Inazuma]]
* [[Sumeru]]: Complete [[Chapter III]] Act II: [[The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings]] and [[Adventure Takes Courage! (Quest)|Adventure Takes Courage!]]

On [[Daily Reset]] (4:00 AM, server time), players will receive four commissions (0–2 NPC commissions and 2–4 basic commissions) from the [[Adventurers' Guild]], viewable from the [[Quests|Quest menu]] or the [[Adventurer Handbook]]. Commissions are randomly assigned based on the preferred region set in the Adventurer Handbook, or if set to random, from a randomly selected region that the player has unlocked. However, emergency quests outside of the preferred region (including certain NPC follow-up quests) may still appear. Additionally, some commissions are only added to the pool of potential commissions upon completing the prerequisite quest or commission. Due to the random nature of commissions and the daily limit of possible NPC commissions, it may take many months for a specific NPC commission to appear. Commissions do not roll over to the next day if they are not completed before the daily reset.

In [[Co-Op Mode]], the host is the only player that can activate commissions related to a [[Ley Line Monolith]], [[Transport Balloon]], or [[Slime Balloon]], and is also the only player who can advance commissions with dialogue. Commissions that require submitting an item as well as [[Pigeons Go AWOL]] cannot be advanced or started in Co-Op at all.

Commissions will replace normal enemies and objects in their area, including [[chests]], until the commission is completed and the area is reloaded (for instance, by teleporting far away).

==Rewards==
Completing a commission rewards 10 [[Primogem]]s each, plus [[Adventure EXP]], [[Mora]], and [[Companionship EXP]] scaled based on the Adventure Rank at the time the commission was assigned. After completing all four daily commissions, reporting back to the Adventurers' Guild at any branch grants [[#Bonus Rewards|bonus rewards]] from the Guild. The amount of Companionship EXP rewarded is doubled when in [[Co-Op Mode]] with 2 or more players.

Completing more than four daily commissions will not yield any more rewards.

===Commission Rewards===
{{Commission Rewards|unknown}}

===Bonus Rewards===
In addition to the rewards below, the player also receives an [[Adventure Treasure Pack]] which gives one 2{{Star}} [[Character Ascension Material]] ([[Agnidus Agate Sliver]], [[Varunada Lazurite Sliver]], etc.)
{|class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
!Adventure Rank !! {{Icon/Primogem}} !! {{Icon/AR EXP}} !! {{Icon/Mora}} !! {{Icon/Companionship}}
|-
|12–15 || 20 || 500 || 5,575 || 45
|-
|16–20 || 20 || 500 || 6,425 || 55
|-
|21–25 || 20 || 500 || 7,250 || 55
|-
|26–30 || 20 || 500 || 8,100 || 65
|-
|31–35 || 20 || 500 || 8,950 || 70
|-
|36–40 || 20 || 500 || 9,800 || 75
|-
|41–45 || 20 || 500 || 10,625 || 85
|-
|46–50 || 20 || 500 || 11,475 || 85
|-
|51–55 || 20 || 500 || 12,325 || 95
|-
|56–60 || 20 || 500 || 13,175 || 100
|}

===Other Rewards===
After Adventure Rank 26, every 8 daily commissions completed grants 1 [[Story Key]], which are used to unlock certain [[Story Quests]]. Only 3 Story Keys can be held at a time. However, the 8 daily commissions can be left unclaimed, thus effectively holding a maximum of 4 Story Keys.

==Achievements==
{{Main|Wonders of the World}}

==Tools and Resources==
* [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pH3BD3RrPtALrKV1MAAmVY3LnjLmozwv4w8KgFCm3h4/edit?usp=sharing Genshin Impact - Commissions Tracker] (Google Sheets)
** To use this tracker, go to ''File > Make a Copy'' to create a personal editable copy.

==Trivia==
*It is possible to get the same commission twice on the same day, for example having two [[Increasing Danger]] commissions with different starting locations or two [[Where Is the Unseen Razor?]] commissions.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}
[[Category:Commissions| ]]

[[es:Misiones de encargo]]
[[fr:Mission quotidienne]]
[[ja:依頼任務]]
[[pt-br:Missões de Aventura]]
[[ru:Поручения]]
[[th:คำขอประจำวัน]]
[[tr:Özel Görevler]]
[[vi:Ủy Thác]]