{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19153
|image         = Hangout Event Compiling the Clues.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Layla
|actNum        = I
|act           = Ever Silent Stars
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Taking the Opposite Route
|characters    = Layla; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Compiling the Clues''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Ever Silent Stars}}.

==Steps==
#Go over the clues with Layla
#The truth behind "it"

==Dialogue==
===Further Investigation===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Quest Description|You should be able to make progress with the information you have gathered so far...}}
;(Go over the clues with Layla)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay, everyone's given us a lot of useful information. Let's go through it and try to organize everything.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Some things we heard were pretty straightforward, but others were just ridiculous...
:{{DIcon}} We should be able to figure out more about its identity and whereabouts.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Yeah, let me think and see what I can make of it.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (Okay, calm down Layla. I know the info's all over the place, but you can definitely do it.)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (First, let's try to figure out the Seelie's identity based on the clues we currently have.)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (Then, we'll analyze where it's been sighted and its motives... Finally, we'll piece everything together...)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (From there, we should be able to predict its movement. Alright, let's give it a try.)
----
;(Layla enters {{color|menu|Contemplation}})

;(Interpret - Book Checkout Logs)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (Book circulation is strictly regulated and there is a log of anyone who checks out a book.)
;(Interpret - Shadow That Infiltrated the House of Daena)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (It once infiltrated the House of Daena while it was closed.)
;(Interpret - The Wisdom Seelie's Superpower)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (Hmm, I think I heard somewhere that it has a lot of ridiculous abilities...)
;(Interpret - Sighting Location)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (It's been to the Chatrakam Cave, the Avidya Forest, and the waterfall south of Sumeru City.)
;(Interpret - The Wisdom Seelie's True Identity)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (The stamp... Hmm, which probably means they're a Rtawahist student...)

;(Submit the wrong conclusion)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (I may be able to come up with a more concrete lead if I keep thinking...)
;(Submit the wrong association)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 15.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (Hmm, no, there doesn't seem to be any notable connection between these two pieces of information.)

;(Quit {{color|menu|Contemplation}} and use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on [[Layla]], optional)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915302 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (Hmm... I think it's slowly starting to come together now...)

;(Submitting the correct association - The Wisdom Seelie's True Identity to Sighting Location)
;(Submit - The Wisdom Seelie's Behavioral Logic)
----
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915303 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay, I think I've got it now...
:{{DIcon}} So, what've you come up with?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915303 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' First, based on the information Katayoun provided, we can assume that the Seelie is a student from the Rtawahist Darshan.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915303 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' The possibility of it being someone outside the Darshan can be ruled out because it'd be impossible to gain access to those two books without going through the librarian.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915303 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Next, leaving its crazy abilities aside, all the sightings took place in locations that are officially recommended for astrology observation by the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915303 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' In other words, it's probably just conducting research, and the nature of its research is very similar to mine.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915303 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' The question that I submitted was no simple query, but it was able to give me a reply in just a day. This implies that it's familiar with a similar field of knowledge.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915303 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' So, based on this reasoning, all we have to do is wait for it at the next astrological observation site.
:{{DIcon}} Your reasoning is solid.
:{{DIcon}} Look at you, finishing your thesis should be no problem at all.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915303 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ah, uh... It's nothing, really. There are actually some other factors that I've been speculating about...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915303 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But that's not important right now, let's get going. Even though we have a lead, it's still hard to say whether we'll be able to make any discoveries.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915303 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'll tell you what I mean by that if the Seelie doesn't show up...
;(Continue to [[#The Truth Behind "It"|The Truth Behind "It"]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Truth Behind "It"===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If the watchtower is still locked)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915303 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' We should be able to see more from up above, but how do we get up there?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915303 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Let's try using the Elemental Monuments in the area.

;(Upon Arriving to the watchtower, night has already fallen.)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' The weather today is perfect for observation. Let's see if it shows up.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Honestly, spending an entire night waiting for something that we're not sure is gonna happen might not be the best use of our time...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But we don't really have any choice. This is all we've got.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Get some sleep if you're tired. I'll be up, it's not like I can sleep anyways.
:{{DIcon}} I'll stay up with you.
:{{DIcon}} I'm afraid you'll get bored.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Thanks. Hmm... Oh, how about I share some basics about astrology with you? If you're interested, that is.
;(The time passes as the two of you chat and before long, it's past sunrise.)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Sure enough, it didn't show up.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' We hardly saw any animals, let alone people.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' No matter how conclusive the evidence is or how perfect our reasoning may be, nothing will happen as long as I'm awake.
:{{DIcon}} Are you referring to the... "Wisdom Seelie" or the "blessing from the stars"?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' They're probably one and the same.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's like I told you &mdash; I have a severe sleeping disorder... and there have been a lot of rumors about me sleepwalking.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I tried to understand what I had been doing when I'm unconscious, but I've never been able to get any definitive evidence.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Something is actively attempting to cover up all the clues without my knowing.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Maybe that "something" is me... or maybe it isn't... I can't be sure...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' For all I know, I could even BE the Seelie. But... what if I am?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 15.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Would "the Seelie" be willing to help me this time? What is it actually thinking? I really have no idea...
:{{DIcon}} What if I could help you?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 16.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Huh? You want to help me?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 17.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Of course, it would be nice to know what's really going on...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 18.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But that's impossible. It's always avoiding me and keeping me in the dark... And that won't change, even if you're around.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Seeing how badly she wants to know, maybe we should find a way to ask the "other Layla" about it...)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 19.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Huh? What's wrong?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, nothing. Maybe there really isn't anything we can do.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like we've come up empty-handed again this time.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 20.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Yeah...
;(Stress Value +1)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 21.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *sigh* And to think I could've been working on my thesis this whole time... Ahh, my stomach is churning just thinking about it...
:{{DIcon}} You're really not going to finish on time now.
:{{DIcon}} There's nothing else I can do. I'm sorry.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 22.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Please stop... the more you talk about it, the more silly I feel...
;(Stress Value +1)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 23.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, c'mon Layla, what are you doing? Everyone's gonna start thinking you're crazy now...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 24.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ahh... oh no. I'm losing it... So dizzy... ugh...
:{{DIcon}} (I'm sorry to have to make you feel so uncomfortable.)
;(Stress Value +1)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 25.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm... oh, I'm sorry, I got distracted there. Where were we?
:{{DIcon}} (It seems like she's completely recovered. Huh, does that mean...)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 26.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, what's wrong? You look like you've got something on your mind.
:{{DIcon}} Are you... the other Layla?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 27.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm? What are you talking about? What do you mean the "other" Layla...? I am Layla.
:{{DIcon}} But you somehow seem a little different.
:{{DIcon}} Then why don't you repeat the conversation we just had?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 28.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *sigh*
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 29.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Fine. It appears that you were waiting for me to show up. I suppose there's no use in me pretending.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 30.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I promise I don't mean any harm, and I'll answer all your questions. But before that, would you mind telling me who you are first?
:{{DIcon}} I'm a friend of Layla's. I'm trying to help her finish her thesis.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 31.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Let me think... Okay, I got it. You two found this place by following the hints that I left behind. You were planning to wait for me... Or, I should say, you were waiting for the Seelie to show up.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 32.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Was this your idea or hers?
:{{DIcon}} Mostly hers.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 33.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I see. Yes, she's always had great analytical skills. It'd be nice if she was more confident, though.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 34.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Alright, that's all the questions I have. Your turn, please ask away.
:{{DIcon}} Did you infiltrate the House of Daena? And what about those rumors of special powers?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 41.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Infiltrating the House of Daena was a total accident. She'd forgotten an important book, and the House of Daena happened to be closed at the time. There were only days before the paper was due.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 42.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I had no choice but to scale the walls with some simple climbing ropes and sneak in from above while the Corps of Thirty wasn't paying attention.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 43.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I had no idea there was still a student inside. I had no choice but to put him to sleep.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 44.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Any clear evidence of my existence would only hinder my ability to conceal my identity. It would also expose me to Layla as well.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 45.ogg}} '''Layla:''' As for the special powers... Well, they're just things I did during the process of trying to finish the thesis. It's like I said &mdash; I don't have much time, so I need to be as efficient as possible.
:{{DIcon}} What's with the Seelie pranking people?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 38.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I can instantly tell which students are asking serious questions and which are just trying to take advantage of me to slack off.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 39.ogg}} '''Layla:''' My time to move freely is quite limited, so it's only natural that I would punish the people attempting to waste my time.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 40.ogg}} '''Layla:''' My intention is to help people. I'm not here to cause any harm.
:{{DIcon}} You're the Seelie, aren't you?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 35.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That's right... Though I didn't intend for it to turn out this way, really. I just wanted to help out a few other classmates who were having a hard time while I was helping Layla finish her thesis.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 36.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You see, Layla doesn't have many friends at the Akademiya. If the others noticed her helping them out, I thought maybe I'd help her become more sociable.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 37.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Unfortunately, that didn't really work out. Instead, legends of "the Seelie" started going around. Hehe, but that's alright.
;(After all question is depeleted)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 46.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Well then, does that answer all your questions?
:{{DIcon}} Actually, I have one last question.
::{{DIcon}} Why don't you want her to know you exist?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 47.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ah, you see... her emotions are incredibly unstable. She's constantly doubting herself.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 48.ogg}} '''Layla:''' If she knew that there's another Layla who is capable of doing everything, she may think even less of herself.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 49.ogg}} '''Layla:''' She could think, "Maybe I should just leave it all to her. I'm always relying on her anyway. Why not let her live my life for me...?"
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 50.ogg}} '''Layla:''' She might start thinking about giving up completely, and that's the exact opposite of what I'm trying to do for her.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 51.ogg}} '''Layla:''' After all, she and I are one and the same. We're two sides of the same coin.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 52.ogg}} '''Layla:''' No one knows her greatest strength more than I do &mdash; it's her resilience. If she's able to persevere in everything she does, then one day, she won't need my help anymore.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 53.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I trust that she's capable of doing that, and it's something that she should do on her own.
:{{DIcon}} I see.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 54.ogg}} '''Layla:''' She actually discovered the key data she needs for her thesis a long time ago. She just didn't organize it well enough. I'll complete her thesis for her, just as I have in the past.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 55.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Please don't share any of this with her. I would like to keep this a secret, for both of our sakes.
:{{DIcon}} I understand.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 56.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Thank you for doing this for me... no, for us.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 57.ogg}} '''Layla:''' She seems to be waking up now. Well, this is goodbye. If we never meet again, then... I guess I did something right, hehe.
;(Stress Value &minus;1)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 58.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ugh... Mmm...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 59.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Huh? Did I... did I faint? Or did I fall asleep?
:{{DIcon}} You're fine. You just had a little nap.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 60.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, I see. Was I sleepwalking? I was, wasn't I?
:{{DIcon}} Nope.
:{{DIcon}} Nah, not really.
:{{DIcon}} I don't think so.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 61.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Really?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 62.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I don't believe you... You're hiding something from me, it's written all over your face.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not, really.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 63.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You said you were gonna help me, didn't you? Why are you holding out on me now?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915306 layla 64.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Please, tell me! You promised you'd help.
;(Proceed to [[#Ending: The Which Remains Unspoken|Ending: The Which Remains Unspoken]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Ending: The Which Remains Unspoken====
{{Hangout Ending|ending name=That Which Remains Unspoken|character=Layla|act=1|description=To keep a promise made to "her" means the breaking of a promise made to her. This is a tricky situation indeed.}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Compiling the Clues
|zhs     = 整理线索
|zhs_rm  = Zhěnglǐ Xiànsuǒ
|zht     = 整理線索
|zht_rm  = Zhěnglǐ Xiànsuǒ
|zh_tl   = Organizing the Clues
|ja      = 手がかりの整理
|ja_rm   = Tegakari no Seiri
|ja_tl   = Organizing the Clues
|ko      = 단서 정리
|ko_tl   = Clue Organization
|es      = Organiza las pistas
|es_tl   = Organize the Clues
|fr      = Organisation d'indices
|fr_tl   = Organization of Clues
|ru      = Систематизация улик
|ru_tl   = Systematization of Evidence
|th      = จัดระเบียบเบาะแส
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sắp Xếp Manh Mối
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Analyse der Hinweise
|de_tl   = Analysis of the Clues
|id      = Mengurutkan Petunjuk
|id_tl   = Sorting the Clues
|pt      = Organize as pistas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = İpuçlarının Toplanması
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Analisi degli indizi
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}