{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73525
|image         = Event Quest Complex Cartography.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Perilous Expedition
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Peixiu; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Yazadaha Pool]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Yazadaha Pool
|next          =  
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Adventurer's Experience*2;Wanderer's Advice*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Perilous Expedition]] Event.
}}
'''''Complex Cartography''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Perilous Expedition]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the adventurer from Liyue

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Check if his ASTK is available before talking to him<!--move ASTK before Talk to Peixiu if so-->}}
{{Quest Description|A visibly troubled adventurer from Liyue stands by the riverside in Sumeru. Is some kind of problem giving them grief...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Peixiu)
:'''Peixiu:''' Geez, I'll have to trouble [[Lan]] again... But it's not like I have a choice. There's simply too much work, and I'm only one person. How am I supposed to finish?
:'''Peixiu:''' I have no choice but to delay the mapping submission again. If this goes on, my living expenses here in Sumeru will exceed the deposit for the commission...
:'''Peixiu:''' B-But there's nothing more terrifying than Lan's rage... *sigh*...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? What's an adventurer from Liyue doing over here...?
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! You! From the Adventurers' Guild!
:'''Peixiu:''' Huh? What's wrong? Am I not allowed to rest by the river here?
:'''Paimon:''' No, no! Paimon's just curious...
:{{DIcon}} An adventurer from Liyue in Sumeru...
:'''Paimon:''' It's really rare! And you even look super anxious, so we came over to ask if we could help!
:'''Peixiu:''' I see. I'm Peixiu, and you are?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon is Paimon, and this is {{Traveler}}! So, Peixiu, what are you doing here in Sumeru...? Ah! Paimon knows! Did you get lost!?
:'''Peixiu:''' Ahahahaha! So the cute little one is Paimon! Hahaha, lost...
:'''Paimon:''' What's so funny!?
:{{DIcon}} It's barely funny.
:{{DIcon}} A three out of five...
:'''Peixiu:''' ...Under most circumstances, no, it wouldn't be funny. But asking a cartographer if he's lost is quite amusing.
:'''Paimon:''' C-Cartographer?
:'''Peixiu:''' Yes, we are responsible for surveying the landscape and updating older maps... It's one of the Adventurers' Guild's duties.
:'''Peixiu:''' I am one such cartographer, but...
:'''Paimon:''' But?
:'''Peixiu:''' I'm just an apprentice. I've completed some rough sketches, but there are tons of mistakes. I need to get to a shaded valley or tunnel to carry out a detailed survey.
:'''Peixiu:''' Ugh, this is killing me. The terrain here in Sumeru is so complex, and there are so many roads and caves too. Sometimes, I wonder if the entire mountain is hollow...
:'''Peixiu:''' Progress is just way too slow... *sigh* I don't know the terrain as well as the locals do.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Then why don't you get a local adventurer to do it?
:'''Peixiu:''' Er, it's actually a joint project between the Sumeru and Liyue branches of the Adventurers' Guild, and a completed map will be provided to those who trade or venture between the two.
:'''Peixiu:''' It was entrusted to the Liyue branch because [[Zhiqiong|the Adventurer who was supposed to be in charge]] had cartographic experience, and her reputation is that of absolute reliability.
:'''Peixiu:''' Supposedly, she already did something similar in [[Qiaoying Village]]. All it took was a single glance for her to know all the terrain inside and out, and her maps were very precise too.
:'''Peixiu:''' But she left for some mining area. Uh, did she go to the Chasm or Blackcliff Forge...
:'''Peixiu:''' Anyway, once we laid eyes on her map, we all felt ashamed of our own skills. The adventurers who used her map praised it to the skies!
:'''Peixiu:''' I can't compete with that... I may have drawn a map, but there are too many omissions, and surveying everything again will take too long...
:'''Peixiu:''' *sigh* I'm a stranger in a strange land. I may have the support of Sumeru's Adventurers' Guild, but I'm just not efficient enough. If this goes on much longer, the deposit I received won't even be able to cover my travel expenses.
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, that sounds awful.
:'''Paimon:''' We don't really know much about cartography though... Maybe Paimon can help mark where you can find delicious food on your map instead?
:'''Peixiu:''' Haha! That's a great idea! A map showing all the best local cuisine would definitely be popular!
:'''Peixiu:''' But... well, my remaining work doesn't really require drawing the map. What's left is a final survey to verify the map's accuracy...
:'''Peixiu:''' There are a few dangerous locations surrounded by difficult terrain that I haven't been able to get to.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, if that's all...
:{{DIcon}} That doesn't sound very difficult...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, maybe we can help!
:'''Peixiu:''' But most of these locations are really dangerous! There may even be monsters roaming around.
:'''Paimon:''' That's exactly why you should leave it to us!
:'''Peixiu:''' R-Really...? With your help, it feels like I'll be done in no time! I may even make the deadline...
:'''Peixiu:''' Most importantly, supplying travelers with an updated map will help prevent them from getting led somewhere deserted or dangerous by the old map!
:'''Paimon:''' Sounds great! Hehe, but we'll only help you on one condition! And that is that you have to mail us a copy of your food map once you're done making it!
:'''Peixiu:''' Hahaha! But of course! However, this map has to be verified before any of that can happen! It's all up to you now!

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on [[Peixiu]], optional)
:'''Peixiu:''' I thought this would be a good opportunity to hone myself, but in the end, it didn't go well... Nonetheless, I'm sure I will reach my senior's level someday...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Complex Cartography
|zhs     = 复杂地图测绘法
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 複雜地圖測繪法
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 複雑な地図の測量法
|ja_rm   = Fukuzatsu-na Chizu no Sokuryouhou
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 복잡한 지도 제작법
|ko_tl   = Complex Cartography
|es      = La complejidad de la cartografía
|es_tl   = The Complexity of Cartography
|fr      = Cartographie complexe
|fr_tl   = Complex Cartography
|ru      = Комплексная картография
|ru_tl   = Complex Cartography
|th      = วิธีสำรวจแผนที่อันซับซ้อน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cách Trắc Họa Bản Đồ Phức Tạp
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Komplexe Kartografierungsmethode
|de_tl   = Complex Cartography Method
|id      = Metode Survey Peta Rumit
|id_tl   = Complex Map Survey Method
|pt      = Cartografia Complexa
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Karmaşık Haritacılık
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Cartografia complessa
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[es:La complejidad de la cartografía]]
[[pt-br:Cartografia Complexa]]
[[ru:Комплексная картография]]