{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Compassionate Ladies' Hat.png
|set   = Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|The lady's hat favored by the witch in the story. She loved this piece of headwear for how it weaves together solemnity and playfulness.}}
'''Compassionate Ladies' Hat''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods]].

==Description==
...<br>
Pie, bored to death, yawned.<br>
"I think the story's almost over, so just wait a bit longer, okay?"<br>
She turned to the next page...

"Even so, I still wish to choose the more difficult path."<br>
Just like those distant winter nights, she fell asleep in her mother's arms, listening to those stories she had nearly forgotten, yet never tired of hearing. The heroes of the stories always had to endure countless hardships before reaching their destination, but the prices they paid and things they lost along the way only made the hard-won rewards all the more precious.<br>
"In the mirror, I saw that everyone no longer loved me, and maybe even detested me. Even just getting them to smile at me once more would be unimaginably difficult... But that is the real world. Full of changes and unpredictable."<br>
"No, you can't! The fortune the magic gave you has to make you happy, otherwise..."<br>
"What are you so worried about? Even if you stop loving me like the others after the magic fades, I will still love all of you. Like the protagonists of those stories, I will treat every person in this free world with sincerity... As long as you are willing to take it, my heart belongs to you!"<br>
Though no bells rung out, nor were there any other omens, it seemed as though the appointed time the witch had spoken of had arrived.<br>
"In principle, I should appear only after she finishes the journey shown by the mirror, it's still a bit early... but a witch does what a witch wills."<br>
And so the witch took what she wanted most from that which the youth had to give.<br>
"My wish came true, but I lost everything..."<br>
"She'll be a good character, even in other stories." The witch gently shook the ink bottle, within which the girl was now a prisoner.<br>
"But she is a girl who exists for me, just as I exist for her... If she is destined not to be released, then let me go to her. I once saw the many universes and countless stories within the ink bottle. Perhaps one of them has a place for the two of us, and perhaps I too can become a good character..."

"I remember! Let's tell this story to Mother tonight, do you think she'll like it?"<br>
Pie ignored the little girl, instead standing up and barking a few times before running around in circles and then down out of the attic.<br>
"Hmph! Throwing a tantrum because he's hungry, I'll bet. How childish!"<br>
The young girl departed as well, leaving only the unadorned storybook on the attic floor.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Compassionate Ladies' Hat
|zhs      = 慈爱的淑女帽
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 慈愛的淑女帽
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 慈愛の淑女ハット
|ja_rm    = Jiai no Shukujo Hatto
|ja_tl    = Compassionate Ladies' Hat
|ko       = 자애로운 숙녀모
|ko_tl    = Benevolent Ladies' Hat
|es       = Sombrero del Afecto
|es_tl    = Hat of Affection
|fr       = Chapeau de dame de compassion
|fr_tl    = Lady Hat of Compassion
|ru       = Милостивая шляпка
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = Compassionate Ladies' Hat
|vi       = Chiếc Mũ Yêu Thương
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Mitfühlender Damenhut
|de_tl    = Compassionate Ladies' Hat
|id       = Compassionate Ladies' Hat
|pt       = Chapéu da Senhorita Amável
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Şefkatli Kadın Şapkası
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Cappello da donna compassionevole
|it_tl    = Compassionate Lady's Hat
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods}}

[[fr:Chapeau de dame de compassion]]
[[ja:慈愛の淑女ハット]]
[[tr:Şefkatli Kadın Şapkası]]
[[uk:Милосердний жіночий капелюшок]]
[[vi:Chiếc Mũ Yêu Thương]]
[[zh:慈愛的淑女帽]]