{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23007; 23008
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Concresoil.png
|region        = Sumeru
|requirement   = 
|next          = The Other Applications of Concresoil
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Akim; Paimon; Traveler
|npc           = Akim
}}
'''''Concresoil''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
After completing the commission 3 times, a different version of the commission will occur.

;First three completions
# Talk to [[Akim]]
# Go to the place Akim marked and get the soil
#* A random variant of the commission will occur
#* In the Moist Soil variant, the soil is located under a [[Rock Pile]] that spawns [[Geo Slimes]] when broken
# Give the soil to Akim

;After three completions
# Talk to Akim
# Give three portions of {{Item|Slime Condensate}} to Akim
# Keep talking to Akim

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
===Initial Version===
{{Quest Description|Akim of Sumeru City seems to be having some new ideas regarding commonly used soils... }}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Akim, optional)
:'''Akim:''' (I've tried so many times. When will my experiments succeed?)

;(Talk to Akim)
:'''Akim:''' Isn't there a better material...
:{{DIcon}} What material?
:'''Akim:''' Sorry, I was talking to myself again. The fickle weather's been causing all sorts of problems with houses. I've never been this busy.
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you a potter?
:'''Akim:''' Yeah, but I'm also a bricklayer. You see, it's all about the soil in either case. Not much of a difference.
:'''Akim:''' Have you heard that saying? "Learning is like building a house. If you want to build a tall one, you must lay a solid foundation."
:'''Akim:''' "And if you want to expand your knowledge, you need to ensure that your foundations are solid. A shifting foundation will only lead to collapse..."
:'''Akim:''' Those smart higher-ups always say so. I don't really get it, but it's clear to me that they regard building houses to be as important as learning!
:{{DIcon}} They're just using a figure of speech...
:{{DIcon}} I don't think that's how you interpret it.
:'''Akim:''' Anyway, when you think of a house's foundations, you think of building materials.
:'''Akim:''' Soil is the binding and support material, so if its stability and adaptability can be increased, our houses will be more durable. And I won't have to be busy anymore.
:;(Continue to one of the following versions)
{{Dialogue End}}

====Slime Variant====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Akim:''' I've come up with a few ideas, and today, I'm planning to find some soil soaked in Slime Condensate.
:'''Akim:''' I've found out about a place where [[Slime]]s gather. Can you head there and find me some soil?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Akim:''' I'll leave it to you then. It doesn't matter if you take those Slimes down or not. Just bring some of the soil near them back.
::'''Akim:''' I'll mark the place on the map for you...
:{{DIcon}} Not coming along?
::'''Akim:''' I would love to, but I still have some pottery to handle.
::'''Akim:''' Don't worry. I'll take care of the payment. Thanks a lot!
::'''Akim:''' I'll mark the place on the map for you, so please head there and look for it.
::'''Akim:''' I'll leave it to you then. It doesn't matter if you take those Slimes down or not. Just bring some of the soil near them back.

;(Talk to Akim)
:'''Akim:''' Did you get the soil?
----
;(When walking up to the soil)
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, there's lots of Slimes here. Paimon thinks the soil here will probably be what Akim wants.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go dig some soil out, shall we?

;(Obtain {{Item|Slime Condensate-Soaked Soil}})
:'''Paimon:''' This should be it... But Paimon really doesn't see any difference between this and ordinary soil.
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's take it back to Akim.
----
;(Talk to Akim after picking up the soil)
:'''Akim:''' Have you found the soil that I need?
:;(Submit {{Item|Slime Condensate-Soaked Soil}})
:'''Akim:''' That's exactly what I want. You're a great help!
:'''Akim:''' This soil is sticky to the touch. Is this because there's some [[Slime Condensate]] mixed in it? I wonder if this can be mixed together with other soil types...
:'''Akim:''' Anyway, thank you for the help, and please take your payment.
:'''Akim:''' Oh, perhaps we should call it "Concresoil" or something...
{{Dialogue End}}

====Moist Soil Variant====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Akim:''' I've come up with a few ideas, and I'm planning to find some moist soil today.
:'''Akim:''' With adequate moisture and strong adhesion, it should be perfect for fixing cracks.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Akim:''' It would be great if you could help. I will mark the location on your map. Please go look for it...
::'''Akim:''' Topsoil is not gonna work, so you'll have to dig deeper. I'm counting on you!
:{{DIcon}} Not coming along?
::'''Akim:''' I would love to, but I still have some pottery to handle.
::'''Akim:''' Don't worry. I'll take care of the payment. Thanks a lot!
::'''Akim:''' I'll mark the place on the map for you, so please head there and look for it.
::'''Akim:''' Ordinary topsoil is not gonna work, so you'll need to dig deeper.

;(Talk to Akim)
:'''Akim:''' Did you get the soil?
----
;(When walking up to the soil)
:'''Paimon:''' Moist soil that's in the shade all year round, huh? Let Paimon think...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh? Won't soil near the water do? Well, let's go there and take a look!

;(Obtain {{Item|Moist Soil}})
:'''Paimon:''' Eww, this sticky stuff's all over Paimon's hands!
:'''Paimon:''' But at least this soil might do the trick. Right?
----
;(Talk to Akim after picking up the soil)
:'''Akim:''' Have you found the soil that I need?
:;(Submit {{Item|Moist Soil}})
:'''Akim:''' Yes, this is exactly what I want. You're a great help!
:'''Akim:''' Hmm... It's softer than I expected. The adhesion is fine, but it doesn't provide enough support...
:'''Akim:''' It's okay, though. As those wise folk put it, "No tall building was built in a day."
:'''Akim:''' I suppose creating the kind of soil I want couldn't be that easy either...
:'''Akim:''' Thank you so much. Please take this as your payment.
:'''Akim:''' I'll try some other options later.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Whopperflower Variant====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Akim:''' I've come up with a few ideas, and today... I'm planning to find some soil that is constantly exposed to elemental creatures.
:'''Akim:''' Whopperflowers will be a good option. The soil where such creatures grow may have distinctive features.
:'''Akim:''' But I'm just a bricklayer, and well, hitting Whopperflowers with a brick is hardly going to help me get a hold of that soil...
:'''Akim:''' So, Traveler, could you help me do this?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Akim:''' Thank you. And don't forget, we're looking for soil where Whopperflowers grow!
::'''Akim:''' I know a place where Whopperflowers appear, or so it is said.
:{{DIcon}} Not coming along?
::'''Akim:''' I would love to, but I still have some pottery to handle.
::'''Akim:''' Don't worry. I'll take care of the payment. Thanks a lot!
::'''Akim:''' I'll mark the place on the map for you, so please head there and look for it.
::'''Akim:''' Thank you. And don't forget, we're looking for soil where Whopperflowers grow!

;(Talk to Akim again)
:'''Akim:''' Did you get the soil?
----
;(Approach the [[Cryo Whopperflower]])
:'''Paimon:''' Look, a Whopperflower! We should be able to get the soil Akim wants after we defeat it.

;(Defeat the Cryo Whopperflower and obtain [[Whopperflower Root Soil]])
:'''Paimon:''' That should be it... But will this amount of soil be enough to work?
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, {{sic|Let's|hide=1}} take it back to Akim.
----
;(Talk to Akim)
:'''Akim:''' Have you found the soil that I need?
:;(Submit {{Item|Whopperflower Root Soil}})
:'''Akim:''' This is exactly what I'm looking for. You're a great help! I'll start some experiments with this later.
:'''Akim:''' Thank you so much. Please take this as your reward.
:'''Akim:''' If I can mix different soils together, will the mixture be more durable...?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Final Version===
{{Quest Description|After constant research and testing, Akim has finally made some progress...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Akim, optional)
:'''Akim:''' (Slime Condensate... If I had any other choice, I wouldn't use it.)

;(Talk to Akim)
:'''Akim:''' I think I'm about to succeed...
:'''Akim:''' Traveler! Hold on a second, Traveler!
:{{DIcon}} What's going on?
:{{DIcon}} What are you looking for this time?
:'''Akim:''' I'm looking for Slime Condensate!
:'''Akim:''' Here's the thing. I've been mixing the different soils you brought previously in various proportions over the last few days.
:'''Akim:''' I failed many times, but I did eventually work out a viable mixing ratio!
:'''Akim:''' Concresoil with this ratio lacks plasticity before it hardens, but after that, it becomes strong and durable.
:'''Akim:''' I might need to add more soil with Slime Condensate in it...
:'''Akim:''' Traveler, could you please bring me three more portions of Slime Condensate?
:'''Akim:''' With more Slime Condensate, I'm sure that I can definitely create the ideal soil!

;(Talk to Akim again)
:'''Akim:''' Did you get the Slime Condensate?
:;(Submit {{Item|Slime Condensate|x=3}})
:'''Akim:''' Great! This is it. Give me a sec. I'll get it done in no time!
:{{Black Screen|A while later...}}
:'''Akim:''' Hah, my guess was right.
:'''Akim:''' As adhesive as it is, the moist soil breaks easily once it hardens. However, if we mix it with the Whopperflower soil, the solidified soil becomes more flexible.
:'''Akim:''' It's just that the mixture can't really be molded before it starts solidifying...
:'''Akim:''' But with the addition of the soil from the Slimes' habitat, the mixture can be molded much better before its solidification.
:'''Akim:''' I don't know what happened, but if I have to describe the process, the soil became Slime-like...
:{{DIcon}} So, I guess we can call it "Slimesoil," hmm?
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like something Paimon might enjoy.
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon doesn't eat soil!
:'''Akim:''' Some property of the Slimes seems to have affected the mixture in some way. That's why I was wondering if adding Slime Condensate would make it more effective.
:'''Akim:''' And as it turned out, the mixture's plasticity and stability changed with the amount of Slime Condensate added.
:'''Akim:''' Which means that it can make more than just building materials, but pottery and many other things as well!
:{{DIcon}} Congratulations!
:{{DIcon}} Your efforts finally paid off.
:'''Akim:''' Thanks. I suppose this is what those wise folks mean when they say "many a little makes a mickle."
:'''Akim:''' We shouldn't underestimate this modest-looking soil. Someday, I might be able to build a tower to touch the skies with it!
:'''Akim:''' I've also decided to call this mixture "Concresoil."
:'''Akim:''' The next thing is to see what this Concresoil can make...
:'''Akim:''' Ah, it seems that a possible solution to the problems that have plagued peoples' homes recently is within sight.
:'''Akim:''' Thank you once again, Traveler. Please take these as your reward.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
*"Concresoil" is a portmanteau of the words "concrete" and "soil."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Concresoil
|zhs     = 凝成泥土
|zhs_rm  = Níng Chéng Nítǔ
|zht     = 凝成泥土
|zht_rm  = Níng Chéng Nítǔ
|zh_tl   = Solidified Soil
|ja      = セメン土
|ja_rm   = Semento{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Cement Soil
|ko      = 젤리 진흙
|ko_tl   = Jelly Mud
|es      = El lodomento
|es_tl   = The Mud Cement
|fr      = Polyterre
|fr_tl   = Polysoil
|ru      = Глинобетон
|ru_tl   = Clay-Concrete
|th      = ดินโคลนอัดแน่น
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bê Tông
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verdichteter Lehm
|de_tl   = Condensed Clay
|id      = Tanah Beton
|id_tl   = Concrete Ground
|pt      = Barro Misto
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Killi Toprak
|tr_tl   = Clayey Soil
|it      = Cementerra
|it_tl   = Concresoil
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru|In Series}}