{{Event Tabs
|rootpage=Concert Pass
|story=false
}}
{{Event
|name              = Concert Pass
|image             = Concert Pass.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-09-25 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-10-01 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/concert2022
|linkname          = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Generate your concert pass, share it to obtain Primogems and other rewards, and even stand a chance to win Genshin Impact concert-exclusive merchandise!}}
'''Concert Pass''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.0]].

==Event Duration==
* Web Event Duration: September 25, 2022 19:00 – October 1, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results Announcement: October 2, 2022 11:50 (UTC+8)
* Concert Time: October 2, 2022 12:00 (UTC+8)

==Event Rules==
# During the event, log in to the website with your HoYoverse Account or via other means (supported third-party platform accounts: Google account, Apple ID, Twitter, Facebook account). Create and share a concert pass, and you will be considered a successful participant. Participate to receive Mora ×20,000 and Primogems ×30 via an in-game gift pack.
# During the event period, 500 Travelers will be randomly selected from among those who have successfully participated and linked their HoYoverse Account to receive a GENSHIN CONCERT 2022 Series Character Mood Gift Box & a GENSHIN CONCERT 2022 Series Commemorative Hologram Ticket. Please refer to the actual products for the prizes.
# Winning players can choose the specific GENSHIN CONCERT 2022 Series Character Mood Gift Box they prefer when filling in the delivery information, and receive a GENSHIN CONCERT 2022 Series Commemorative Hologram Ticket for the same character.

==Event Details==
# The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail, and Travelers can only claim it once. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# The winners will be announced on this website on October 2, 2022, at 11:50 (UTC+8). Travelers who have linked their emails, please pay attention to the follow-up email notifications. Winners, please follow the reminders in the email or the instructions on the winner announcement page to fill out your shipping address and contact information. Winning Travelers who have not provided the required information before November 1, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8) will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# No personal information of Travelers will be displayed on the concert passes shared in this event.
# During the event, the information collected from Travelers by the Genshin Impact team will only be used for identification and notification purposes, and will not be used for other purposes. The Genshin Impact team will comply with the relevant laws and regulations on personal data protection and will properly and safely use and manage the aforementioned personal information.
# You can visit the game's official website for more information on our Privacy Policy. All personal data will be collected and used in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy.
# If you have any questions about this web event, please contact us via email at genshin_cs@hoyoverse.com.
# This event is hosted by HoYoverse. References to third-party organizations are for informational and identification purposes only, and are not intended to imply endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation with HoYoverse or the event.
# For account security reasons, you must log in again with your HoYoverse Account before accessing the page to link your contact information. Please make sure the account used to participate in the event is the same as the account you use to link your contact information.

==Winners List==
* The list of event winners will be announced on October 2, 2022 11:50 (UTC+8)
* (The UID of the winning Travelers will not be shown fully)
* In order to provide third-party logistics services for the shipment of your prizes, we will be collecting and using personal information such as your address and contact information. The aforementioned personal information will only be used by us and the third-party shipment service provider. We will not disclose any personal information to other third parties without your prior consent.
* If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us via genshin_cs@hoyoverse.com.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[pt-br:Genshin Concert/Melodies of an Endless Journey 2022/Ingresso do Concerto]]