{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73693
|image         = Event Quest Concocted Reaction.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = A Parade of Providence
|requirement   = Complete [[Opening Festivities]]
|characters    = Bahador; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Avidya Forest]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[A Parade of Providence/Concocted Reaction|Concocted Reaction]] subevent.
}}
'''''Concocted Reaction''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[A Parade of Providence]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Bahador]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Bahador from Spantamad seems to be busy with something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Bahador, optional)
:'''Bahador:''' (Luckily, I don't have to enter this Domain. I just need to keep watch outside...)

;(Talk to Bahador)
:'''Bahador:''' How did this fall to me? Couldn't we have assigned this task to a more experienced senior student?
:{{DIcon}} Hmm? Are you running some event here as well?
:'''Bahador:''' Eh!? Oh, Traveler, um... Yes, yes, we are indeed... running an event.
:'''Bahador:''' Well, I say it's an event, but really, it's... a Domain that awaits exploration.
:{{DIcon}} Does this Domain have anything to do with the Gala?
:'''Bahador:''' *sigh* Oh, let's not even get into that. I only came to be in charge of this affair because of the Gala.
:'''Bahador:''' Sorry, I forgot to introduce myself. I'm Bahador from Spantamad, and our research lies in the field of alchemy, the elements, and topics like that...
:'''Bahador:''' So, I was assigned this task, but as much as I've thought about it, I couldn't think of a game that our Darshan could run.
:'''Bahador:''' Putting up a crafting bench to do public alchemical experiments would be too boring...
:'''Bahador:''' And there was no way we could run some demonstration of Elemental Reactions. If something went wrong, the whole site might go up in smoke &mdash; and what would we do then?
:'''Bahador:''' In the end, I had to ask the Adventurers' Guild for help, and it was with their aid that I found this Domain.
:'''Bahador:''' Several of my fellow students and I went inside to investigate, and to be honest, it is an utter mess in there.
:'''Bahador:''' As such, we developed a few potions specialized for use inside this Domain.
:'''Bahador:''' And well, that's our Darshan's specialty demonstrated now, eh? Hahaha...
:'''Bahador:''' So if you're interested, Traveler, take these potions with you and go investigate the Domain. I'll mark its location on your {{color|buzzword|map}}.
:{{DIcon}} Has anyone come to... uh, play this game?
:{{DIcon}} Has anyone other than me taken part?
:'''Bahador:''' Q&mdash;Quite a few adventurers did come to give this a go! They were quite excited, too.
:'''Bahador:''' But I must say that very few of our fellow students did...
:'''Bahador:''' *sigh* Whatever the case may be, you can go in as long as you're interested.
:'''Bahador:''' The adventurers who tried this earlier rated it as being "very challenging."
:'''Bahador:''' Ah, yes, for when you do go, I will have some potions here for you. Stay safe when exploring that Domain, alright?
:;(Obtain {{Item|Box of Special Potions}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Concocted Reaction
|zhs       = 药剂应对法
|zhs_rm    = Yàojì Yìngduì-fǎ
|zht       = 藥劑應對法
|zht_rm    = Yàojì Yìngduì-fǎ
|zh_tl     = Methods of Potion-Handling
|ja        = ポーション対処法
|ja_rm     = Pooshon Taishohou
|ja_tl     = Potion Handling Methods
|ko        = 위기 대응 포션
|ko_tl     = Crisis Coping Potion
|es        = Prospecto médico
|es_tl     = Medical Prospect
|fr        = Réactions médicamenteuses
|fr_tl     = Medicinal Reactions
|ru        = Компендиум зельеварения
|ru_tl     = Compendium of Potion-Brewing
|th        = รูปแบบการตอบสนองต่อยา
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Phản Ứng Điều Chế
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Pharmakologische Reaktion
|de_tl     = Pharmacological Reaction
|id        = Reaksi Ramuan
|id_tl     = Reaction of Potion
|pt        = Reações Medicinais
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Tepkime Karışımı
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Pozioni in risposta
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:Reações Medicinais (Missão)]]
[[ru:Компендиум зельеварения (задание)]]