{{Faction Infobox
|leader        = [[Marcel (Fontaine)|Marcel]]
|founder       = [[Marcel (Fontaine)|Marcel]]
|affiliation   = 
|base          = [[Court of Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
}}
The '''Confrerie of Cabriere''' was a merchants association in [[Fontaine]] founded and led by [[Marcel (Fontaine)|Marcel]]. They maintained a close relationship with [[Spina di Rosula]] and it was considered as Spina di Rosula's sister organization. The Confrerie was revealed to be a front to Marcel's underground [[Sinthe]] business.

As of {{Quest|Braving the Tides Together}}, the organization has been disbanded along with the entire Sinthe manufacturing and distribution network.

==Overview==
During its early days, the Confrerie of Cabriere was only reselling daily goods. [[Callas]] and the Spina di Rosula helped and supported the Confrerie of Cabriere during its growth. In the present day, the Confrerie of Cabriere was one of the richest and the most powerful merchants guild in Fontaine.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Truth, Lost With the Rain}}</ref> The wealth that Marcel gained from running the Confrerie of Cabriere and his underground Sinthe business allowed him to fund his [[Primordial Sea]]water experiments, as well being able to possess a large number of privately owned [[Gardemek]]s.

All buildings under the Confrerie of Cabriere banner are identical with "relatively normal" appearance to make their store approachable to all kinds of customers, including those with low budget. Their buildings are protected with various theft prevention measure, such as walls that would warp if hammered repeatedly and described as "strong as armor" with "100-year rustproof durability."<ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|Court of Justice's Fragrance}}</ref>

The Confrerie of Cabriere owned a countryside estate where the Confrerie once held a large banquet, in which Vacher attempted to assassinate Callas.

==Members==
* [[Marcel (Fontaine)|Marcel]] — Leader
* [[Calcagni]] — Staff
* [[Truand]] — Enforcer

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* {{fr|Confrérie}} means "brotherhood" or "fraternity" in French.
* {{fr|Cabrière}} is a family name derived from the Occitan ''cabrièra'', meaning "goatherd" or a place frequented by goats.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Confrerie of Cabriere
|zhs      = 卡布里埃商会
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 卡布里埃商會
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = カブリエール商会
|ja_rm    = Kaburieeru Shoukai
|ja_tl    = Cabriere Company
|ko       = 카브리에르 상회
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Cofradía Cabrière
|es_tl    = Cabrière Guild
|fr       = Confrérie de Cabrière
|fr_tl    = Brotherhood of Cabriere
|ru       = Торговая ассоциация Кабриера
|ru_tl    = Trade Association of Cabriere
|th       = สมาคมการค้า Cabriere
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Thương Hội Cabriere
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Confrérie de Cabrière
|de_lang  = fr
|de_tl    = Brotherhood of Cabriere
|id       = Confrerie of Cabriere
|pt       = Confrerie de Cabriere
|pt_tl    = Confrerie of Cabriere
|tr       = Cabriere Cemiyeti
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Congrega di Cabrière
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}