{{Act Infobox
|image          = Waterborne Poetry Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Waterborne Poetry
|actNum         = I
|actType        = Part
|next           = 
|ARReq          = 20
|event_name     = Waterborne Poetry
}}
'''Congenial Gathering''' is the first part of the [[Waterborne Poetry]] event.

==Quests==
* [[Congenial Gathering (Quest)|Congenial Gathering]]

==Summary==
;Congenial Gathering
The Traveler and Paimon heard a news about a joint event organized by [[Mondstadt]] and [[Liyue]] and decided to visit [[Wangshu Inn]] for more information. Arriving there, they meet Hu Tao and Venti. Both of them reveal that they have been organizing and will be co-hosting "Neighboring Nations Congenial Poetry Gala", a poetry festival hosted by Liyue and Mondstadt. They are also there to convince [[Xiao]] to join the event as judge. After Hu Tao's persuasion, though Xiao hesitated, he will think about it. Venti tells the Traveler to check out the event venue at the [[Stone Gate]].

Arriving at the venue, so many people are already there including some familiar faces. They meet [[Chongyun]] who is reminding Xingqiu to help him with an investigation, [[Mika]] and [[Noelle]] who are sent by the [[Knights of Favonius]] to help with the event, and [[Diona]] acting as the representative of Mondstadt's wine industry. The event then begins with Venti and Hu Tao introducing themselves and explain the details of the event. They have prepared three themes to be revealed over the course of three days, and the theme for the first day is "Riddle Me This". Everyone are invited to create a riddle and hang it on a lantern spread around the venue. Whoever guesses the riddle correctly will get a point and if nobody could answer, the writer will get a point instead.

The event goes on and after checking out the riddles, everyone gather at the stage to answer the riddles. Hu Tao reads the riddle on the stage and Xingqiu's riddle got chosen. Paimon, with the Traveler's help, guesses correctly and get a point. The second riddle belongs to a [[Callirhoe|blue-haired riddle writer]]. Xingqiu guesses correctly, but since Mika and Noelle's answer made sense too, she approves their answer as well and all of them got a point. The third riddle belongs to Paimon. The riddle really described Paimon so well that everyone present easily guesses "Paimon" as the answer, though Paimon claims the real answer is "Jade Chamber". After some thinking, Paimon decides the answer "Paimon" is correct as well. The event went on with more riddles and everyone enjoying the game.

Xingqiu becomes the winner of the first event and reluctantly accepts the prize, which is a buy one get one coupon of "high-end customized service package" from [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]]. Paimon asks Xingqiu about his earlier conversation with Chongyun about him needing Xingqiu's help and Chongyun explains that he caught a sight of a floating and almost transparent [[Hydro Eidolon|nonhuman entity]]. He is sure that it was not a spirit or a demon or else it would have been scared away the moment Chongyun gets near because of his pure-yang spirit. Venti offers to help with the investigation by incorporating a "search" element into tomorrow's poetry activity. Everyone agrees and Venti tells everyone to have a good night's rest while he goes to the wine stand.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Congenial Gathering
|zhs     = 言欢聚
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 言歡聚
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 喜びの集い
|ja_rm   = Yorokobi no Tsudoi
|ja_tl   = Joyful Meeting
|ko      = 즐거운 모임
|ko_tl   = Joyful Gathering
|es      = Adivina, adivinanza...
|es_tl   = Guess, Riddle...
|es_note = {{es|Adivina, adivinanza}} is a Spanish idiom that is equivalent to the English idiom "{{wt|riddle me this}}."
|fr      = Rassemblement convivial
|fr_tl   = Congenial Gathering
|ru      = Задушевная встреча
|ru_tl   = Soulful Meeting
|th      = ชุมนุมแสนสุขสันต์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Gặp Gỡ Hân Hoan
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geselliges Beisammensein
|de_tl   = Social Gathering
|id      = Silaturahmi yang Menyenangkan
|id_tl   = Enjoyable Gathering
|pt      = Reunião Agradável
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Şenlik Toplanması
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Una piacevole riunione
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

[[pt-br:Reunião Agradável]]