{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Congenial Gathering
|id            = 40123
|image         = Congenial Gathering (Quest).png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Waterborne Poetry
|actNum        = I
|actType       = Part
|act           = Congenial Gathering
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Callirhoe <!-- as "Riddle Writer" -->; Chongyun; Diona; Huanxi <!--nonspeaking-->; Hu Tao; Levin <!--nonspeaking-->; Mika; Noelle; Paimon; Traveler; Venti; Xiao; Xingqiu
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
|next          = Tears Among the Leaves (Quest)
|rewards       = Primogem*40;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Waterborne Poetry]] Event
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Congenial Gathering''''' is the first part of [[Waterborne Poetry]] Part I: ''[[Congenial Gathering]]''.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Wangshu Inn]]
#Go to [[Stone Gate]]
#Talk to everyone (0/3)
#Take part in the opening event
# View the first Poetry Riddle
# View the second Poetry Riddle
# View the third Poetry Riddle
# Wait until the start of the riddle-solving event
# Talk to [[Xingqiu]] and [[Chongyun]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You hear that Mondstadt and Liyue are hosting a join event and decide to take a look...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon obtaining quest)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Apparently, Mondstadt and Liyue are organizing a joint event? That's pretty cool! Wonder what occasion's brought them together?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's ask around and see if we can find out. Now, we just need a major transport hub where lots of travelers trade info &mdash; preferably one that's high up with a great line of sight...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Got it! Wangshu Inn! C'mon, let's go!

;(Approach Hu Tao and Venti on the terrace of Wangshu Inn)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, looks like you're having fun! What's the occasion this time?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Ohoho, do I spy {{Traveler}} and a Paimon? We were just talking about you! This is more serendipitous than finding Mora after faceplanting on the road!
:{{DIcon}} Hello, you two.
:{{DIcon}} What are the odds?
:{{Introductory Note|Hu Tao}}
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It's been too long! I'll bet you have some thrilling new tales from your journey to fill me in on? I can see it in your eyes.
:{{DIcon}} As ever.
:{{DIcon}} Never a dull moment on this Teyvat trip.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Excellent. I knew I could count on you!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What were you talking about before we got here? Something fun? Or... something delicious?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 hutao 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo sgeq001 2 hutao 02b.ogg}}--> '''Hu Tao:''' Heh, we were talking about one certain Traveler, and how two's company but three's a crowd as the inseparable duo tour around Teyvat, making four friends here and five more there, often at sixes and sevens as they brave the lakes and seas collecting pieces of eight and countless other treasures. They clearly must have nine lives *wink wink* let's hope they have less than ten deaths...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the... it just gets worse and worse!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Shortly, you may attend a grand banquet at Stone Gate! All will be dressed to the nines for majestic food and fine wines, and after eight long drinks and seven shorts, they'll each write six lines five times. You've been to all four corners of the world, so in three short seconds, can you guess from these two stanzas of one speech each what this event is about?
:{{DIcon}} A counting festival!
::{{A|vo sgeq001 2 venti 04a 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, it's not, though that does sound fun... Maybe we missed an opportunity.
::{{A|vo sgeq001 2 venti 04a 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' In fact, it's a poetry gala, jointly hosted by representatives from both Mondstadt and Liyue!
:{{DIcon}} A poetry festival!
::{{A|vo sgeq001 2 venti 04b 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Correct! It's a poetry gala, and Mondstadt and Liyue are hosting it together!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Do you still remember the promise I made to the distinguished Director Hu here during the Lantern Rite?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, something about writing poetry together?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' That's right! At the dinner table that night, I just knew this young bard was a rare talent with exceptional taste. You know, it's rare to encounter such a kindred spirit.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' And now, I have finally seized the chance to collaborate! It took me much trekking across the land to petition [[Yujing Terrace]] and contact the [[Knights of Favonius]], but eventually...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' In the spirit of friendship and poetry-sharing, I managed to successfully organize the "Neighboring Nations Congenial Poetry Gala"!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bit of a weird name...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Liyue's poetry is known far and wide, and Mondstadt is the "City of Wine and Song"! With two nations teaming up, it'll be double the fun, and a great chance for people from both places to get to know one another!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hu Tao and I will be the co-hosts for this poetry gala. Of course, I haven't studied the various forms and formalities of Liyue poetry for very long, so please forgive my dreadful performance just now.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Not at all, Venti, you followed my lead most excellently!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hehe, you flatter me!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, this sounds like fun. Let's get involved!
:{{DIcon}} Forsooth, I am wont to dabble in verse.
:{{DIcon}} Sure, I'm looking forward to everyone's poems!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon's sure you'll be amazing! Remember that time in Liyue when Paimon gave you the first half of a couplet, "Windrise's winds never churn"? You came up with the second half right away!
:{{DIcon}} "But the Sea of Clouds' clouds always return."
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Oh, looks like someone's got a knack for this! Perhaps we'll have to raise the difficulty a little.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright. So basically, you guys are here to discuss the activities for the poetry gala, right?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Oh, looks like little Paimon's brain has gained a wrinkle or two! You guessed it so effortlessly!&nbsp;...But you still guessed it wrong.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait, Paimon guessed wrong?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' We came here hoping to invite a special guest...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...I already told you. I'm not going.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xiao! You're here too!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Never having penned a verse myself, how could I hope to judge the poetry of others? Besides, afflicted with karma as I am, the raucous atmosphere you are cultivating is precisely the kind which I must avoid, as you well know.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hey now, there's a first time for everything, right? We all start from "itsy-bitsy spider," but give it a shot and you'll be wandering lonely as a cloud in no time!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' And you don't even have to join us in person if you really don't want to. You can just watch the party from a nearby mountaintop and cheer us on.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 hutao 11.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' But at least head down and take a look first? It's right by the inn, and there's plenty of fun activities to get involved with. It can't hurt to take a quick walk and check things out.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Besides, with the renowned {{Traveler}} here, what is there to fear?
:{{DIcon}} Join us. It'll be fun.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 xiao 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 xiao 04.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I'll consider it.
:;(He disappears)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It's nearly time. Why don't you all head to the venue and take a look around? Quite a few of your friends should have arrived by now.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 hutao 12.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Yes, that's right! Venti and I still need to discuss the poem for the opening ceremony, so we'll catch up with you later. Plus, our adeptus friend might need a bit more convincing. We'll see if we can coax him down...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gotcha, we'll be on our way then!

;(Talk to Hu Tao and Venti, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...How about that for an opening?
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Yes, yes, I like it, but if we could give it a bit more "oomph" it would be even better!
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I think we should lead with a bang, dip into a slippedy-slide, then whoosh into a woop-woop! Boom.
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Got it?
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Got it! Completely understood.
----
;(Approach the teleport waypoint by the Stone Gate)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, it's so lively! Didn't think there'd be so many people here already.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And a lot of them are familiar faces. Let's go say hi!

;(Talk to Xingqiu or Chongyun)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 7 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Hmm? Well, look who's here! This poetry fest seems to have attracted talent of the highest caliber.
:{{Introductory Note|Xingqiu}}
:{{A|vo sgeq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Xingqiu and Chongyun are here, too!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 7 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I was actually heading into the mountains to train, but he accosted me on the way and dragged me here.
:{{Introductory Note|Chongyun}}
:{{A|vo sgeq001 7 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Oh, how your words wound me! Is it not the responsibility of an exorcist of Liyue to ensure that this celebration of friendship between our two nations stays free of evil spirits?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 7 xingqiu 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Besides, this is an excellent opportunity to meet heroes who have come from far and wide. Surely, you must be curious as to how that heroine of Mondstadt was able to lift such heavy objects like they were but a feather?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you talking about Noelle? Yeah, she's super strong!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 7 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Oh? Well, since you are so well acquainted, could we trouble you to introduce us later?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 7 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Okay, fine... but don't forget to help me with my investigation like you promised. That's the only reason I agreed to come at all.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What investigation?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 7 xingqiu 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Ahem, naturally, I could never forget such a thing. My word is my bond. Relax, dear Paimon, all will be revealed in time.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Okay?

;(Talk to Chongyun or Xingqiu again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Are you sure that wasn't really an evil spirit?
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Open your mind to all possibilities, and I'm sure you will find the answer.
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I suppose that's true... Hey, wait a second, you're not planning on telling everyone here, are you?

;(Talk to Diona)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Diona!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 9 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' {{Traveler}} and Paimon? I didn't expect to see you here.
:{{Introductory Note|Diona}}
:{{A|vo sgeq001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you here to mix drinks?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 9 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' That's right. I was specially asked to attend this event on behalf of [[The Cat's Tail]], and I'm also here as a mixologist representing the Mondstadt wine industry.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're representing Mondstadt's wine industry? You must be hating every minute of it...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 9 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Of course I hate it! But it's also a purrfect chance to destroy the reputation of Mondstadt's wine business once and for all. Opportunities like this don't come around every day, y'know...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How do you figure that...?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 9 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hehehe, all I need to do is add some gross ingredients to the drinks, and I can create the most disgusting concoctions imaginable! Nobody will ever buy wine from Mondstadt again!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... Paimon thinks you'll end up getting the opposite result.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 9 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hmph! Just you wait, I ain't about to mess this up!
:{{DIcon}} Good luck.
:{{DIcon}} Don't overwork yourself.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you gonna write some poetry with us too?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 9 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Poetry? Hmm, I've heard plenty of bards sing in the tavern before, but I've never tried writing any myself.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You should join in. It'll be fun!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 9 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' ...Fine. If I have time.

;(Talk to Diona again, optional)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 10 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Now, should I try adding [[Loach Pearl]]s or [[Horsetail]]s next...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 10 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ooh, wait! Since we're in Liyue, I should add some [[Jueyun Chili]]s!

;(Talk to Noelle or Mika)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mika! Noelle!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 mika 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Oh! It's {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
:{{Introductory Note|Mika}}
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Are you here for the Neighboring Nations Congenial Poetry Gala as well?
:{{Introductory Note|Noelle}}
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... you said that with a straight face... Is Paimon the only one who thinks it sounds weird?
:{{DIcon}} Are you here as Mondstadt's representatives?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 mika 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' R&mdash;Representatives?...? No, nothing fancy like that.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 mika 03.ogg}} '''Mika:''' We were sent here by the Knights of Favonius to help maintain order and set up the venue.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 mika 04.ogg}} '''Mika:''' But... I didn't really do anything useful so far. Noelle brought all these tables and chairs here from Mondstadt by herself... She's a true knight.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Now that's just not true! Your efforts were indispensable &mdash; you selected the venue, drew up the layout, and so on. Also, you're the true knight here. I'm still in training! If anything, I should be addressing you as "Sir"...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 mika 05.ogg}} '''Mika:''' What!? No, no, no, no, please don't! Just keep calling me Mika!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why does it feel like these two could keep this up all day...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Anyway, [[Jean|Master Jean]] did say that as long as we keep on top of our work, we should take a look around while we're here and get involved in the poetry gala as much as we can.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But I haven't written much poetry before, so I'm not sure if I'll fit in...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 mika 06.ogg}} '''Mika:''' I actually have the same concern...
:{{DIcon}} The important thing is just to participate.
:{{DIcon}} There's a first time for everything.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Plus you won't be alone &mdash; we're joining too! {{Traveler}}'s a really good writer, y'know!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 mika 07.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Really? In that case... we'll try our best too!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Perhaps... the challenge of writing poetry is a rite of passage that all who wish to qualify as a knight must eventually face?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon wouldn't go THAT far...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But anyway, no backing out now! See you soon!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 mika 08.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Sure! Maybe you can teach me a thing or two!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 5 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ah, Mika beat me to it! I was gonna ask for help, too...
:{{DIcon}} I'll teach you both.
:{{DIcon}} We'll write together.

;(Talk to Noelle or Mika again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' What do you think the key to a good poem is, Mika? Do you have any idea?
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 mika 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Huh? I, uh... I'm not too sure either.
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 mika 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' If I'd known we'd be doing this sooner... I would've asked Miss [[Lisa]] to recommend some books on the topic.

;(Approach the stage)
:{{Black Screen|A sudden gust of wind forces everyone to briefly shut their eyes.}}
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Poems and melodies wandering the wind, wafting to pastures beyond their home.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Two greedy fishies struggling to swim, they ate so much that they're starting to groan.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' [[Anemo Crystalfly]] draped in gold robes, a bright little light from that glaze lantern glows.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' [[Finches]] pinch the rice and scoot, while the boars of the forest anxiously root!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Welcome, one and all, to this festival of poetry, jointly organized by Liyue and Mondstadt!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Or, in full: the "Neighboring Nations Congenial Poetry Gala"!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' We are your hosts: Liyue's versemonger of the darkest alleys, Hu Tao...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...And Mondstadt's liquor-loving lyricist, Venti the bard!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The purpose of this event is to promote friendly, poetic exchanges between our two nations! So please, have fun, talk to other people, and make some new friends.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' If you're here, you're our guest, so please enjoy this poetry fest!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I'd also like to reassure everyone that this event welcomes people of all skill levels, from first-time rhymers to seasoned songwriters.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' If you ask me, the most important thing you can bring to writing poetry is authenticity. That means reaching deep down to all the thoughts and feelings you usually hide away or struggle to express, and putting them into words... Just write from the heart, in whatever form you like.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' To help everyone really cut loose and enjoy themselves to the fullest, Venti and I have carefully prepared three themes, to be revealed over the course of three days!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Let's get right to it! The first theme is... "Riddle Me This"!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' (Solving riddles, huh? Interesting. It's actually a pretty good choice for a warm-up activity.)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 mika 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' (Whew... I'm glad they're not making us write sonnets or something right at the start.)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Does everyone see the lanterns hanging around the venue? These have been specially prepared for the riddle game.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Simply write down your riddle and hang it on a lantern. Then, Venti and I will select a few to pose to the crowd, and you will try to solve them!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' We'll now give you some time to write down and hang up your riddles. Feel free to walk around and talk with the other contestants to get the creative juices flowing. And remember, whoever guesses the most riddles correctly will get a prize!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 13 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' And with that, the "Neighboring Nations Congenial Poetry Gala" has officially begun!

;(Talk to Hu Tao, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' We couldn't cajole Adeptus Xiao in the end. He said he'd take a peek from the peaks, but that was all he'd agree to. It's a real shame &mdash; I had the perfect poem for his entrance and everything.

;(Talk to Venti, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hehe, that was a good little opening ceremony, wasn't it? Even if I do say so myself.
----
;(Read the first riddle)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, let's see what's on this lantern...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... "A tender sigh for home, how far the flowers roam. A visitor asks me 'why': For a dream beyond the sky."
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, someone from Liyue definitely wrote this one.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 mika 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' I just read that one too! Liyue's poems seem pretty difficult to grasp.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Dreams... sky... is it talking about some kind of bird?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm, so it means something like... This thing's really far from home, it's in a vast area, and it's flying really high... Is that it?
:{{DIcon}} In a nutshell, yes.
:{{DIcon}} Very clear and concise.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, you're amazing, Paimon! It looks like I still have a lot of learning to do.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw... It's nothing, really. Once you've spent enough time in Liyue, you just sort of pick up on these things.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 mika 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Oh, I know exactly what you mean. Back when I was out with the [[Varka|Grand Master]] on the expedition, I started picking up some local customs without even realizing it.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But back to the riddle &mdash; we still haven't actually solved it. What could it be talking about?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Something that flies high and far... Oh, that makes me think of dandelions.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 mika 03.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Oh! That makes sense. And Mondstadters believe that dandelions can carry your feelings on the wind.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But maybe we're missing something? It can't be that easy. After all, it's a riddle from Liyue... What would their equivalent of the dandelion be? If there even is one...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' What do you think, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} I think "dandelion" is the right answer.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 mika 04.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Great! Then we'll have one answer ready to go when the game begins.
:{{DIcon}} The important thing is that it's authentic.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Right, just like Venti said! As long as the interpretation makes sense, and reflects our perception of the poem, then perhaps there are no wrong answers.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, no matter what the real answer is, the guessing's all part of the fun!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go look at the next one!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 16 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes! I want to see if there's any Mondstadt-style riddles.

;(Read the first riddle again, optional)
:'''Poetry Riddle on a Lantern:''' Hmm... "A tender sigh for home, how far the flowers roam. A visitor asks me 'why': For a dream beyond the sky."

;(Read the second riddle)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This one says... ugh... this handwriting is just awful...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ..."I have four corners like a square pancake, but I'm stuffed and seasoned and carefully baked. I pass through the lips one piece at a time, the more you consume, the broader your mind."
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Paimon's drooling from that one! Is there really a food that can make you smarter? Paimon's gotta try that!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Haha, oh Paimon, you have to look past the surface-level meaning with riddles, or you'll fail to plumb their depths.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? So, have you got any ideas, Xingqiu?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Heh, well...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Xingqiu just hung that riddle up a moment ago.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! So this is Xingqiu's riddle! Y'know, Paimon was expecting you to write something a little more... elegant.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 xingqiu 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' This festival is about building friendship and mutual understanding. With so many friends from Mondstadt present, I thought I'd try writing something more accessible and less flowery, so that more people could enjoy it.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, not bad! So, buddy, does that mean you can tell your old pal Paimon the answer on the sly...?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Not a chance. You'll have to wait for the answer to be revealed just like everyone else.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph! Meanie.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 xingqiu 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' If that's how you feel, why don't you try and stump me with a riddle of your own?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' M&mdash;Maybe Paimon will! We'll see who stumps who!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...{{Traveler}}, you'll help Paimon come up with a riddle, right?
:{{DIcon}} Gladly.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hah, at least you're nice to Paimon!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 xingqiu 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Haha, then I look forward to seeing the fruits of your literary labors.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 17 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph! Prepare to get stumped!

;(Read the second riddle again, optional)
:'''Poetry Riddle on a Lantern:''' ..."I have four corners like a square pancake, but I'm stuffed and seasoned and carefully baked. I pass through the lips one piece at a time, the more you consume, the broader your mind."

;(Read the third riddle)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmmm... Even though Paimon said she'd write a riddle, Paimon really doesn't have any clue how.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's start by reading a few more of other people's for inspiration...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "On four long legs my slim body sits, I eat not a bite and drink not a sip. With a passionless face I greet countless guests, whom I carry all day without needing to rest."
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Is this talking about some kind of animal?
:{{DIcon}} All animals need to eat.
:{{DIcon}} The answer must be some other kind of object.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' It's a chair!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Diona, how'd you guess it so quickly? Wait, were you the one who wrote it?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' No, of course I didn't write it! The answer just popped into my head.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I'm always telling the cats in the tavern that the chairs get tired from working all the time, so they shouldn't use them to sharpen their claws.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay... So a riddle needs to have a bait-and-switch...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Are you tryna write one?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep! And thanks to you, Paimon's just thought of one!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Maybe I should try and come up with one, too...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, alright, Paimon's riddle is now hanging up!&nbsp;....Diona, do you wanna know the answer?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Nah, no need. I don't really care about winning a prize.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, okay then... Well, looks like it's time to carry on with the event. We should regroup with the others.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 18 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Sure. Have fun!

;(Read the third riddle again, optional)
:'''Poetry Riddle on a Lantern:''' "On four long legs my slim body sits, I eat not a bite and drink not a sip. With a passionless face I greet countless guests, whom I carry all day without needing to rest."

;(Read Paimon's riddle, optional)
:'''Poetry Riddle on a Lantern:''' "What's got no wings but flies in the air, never gets tired of floating up there, so full of Mora it comes out the nose, but in the sea glug glug glug down it goes!"
----
;(Approach the stage)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Heyo, looks like everyone's about done mingling and riddling! Gather round, and look this way!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Venti and I have selected several riddles from everyone's contributions, and we added a few of our own to the mix for good measure. Shortly, we'll randomly select a few to read aloud.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' If your riddle gets selected, remember that you have to announce the correct answer at the end. Anyone who guesses correctly gets one point, and if nobody guesses correctly, the writer of the riddle gets a point. Sounds fair to me!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Of course, when the riddler reveals the right response, it only counts if everyone agrees that it's not too far-fetched!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' That's right! Now, if there are no more questions, it's time to reveal the first riddle!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 mika 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' (...Hopefully they'll draw at least some that I can get. Oh no, does only the first person to solve it get the points?&nbsp;...Ugh, that means I have to be first to raise my hand...)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Please choose Paimon's riddle, please choose Paimon's riddle...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Riddle number one! Let me see here... Uh, this riddle is, uh... unique. Especially the handwriting...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' ..."I have... poor... cor&mdash;four! Four corners like a square... pancake? But I'm st&mdash;stuffed and seasoned? And carefully bu&mdash;baked. (Baked? Baked.) I pass through the... chips? Lips!&nbsp;...uh, one piece at a time, the more you... uh, c&mdash;consume, consume, consume! The broader your f&mdash;mind."
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They drew Xingqiu's!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Better answer as quickly as you can. You don't want someone else beating you to it...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You! Drat! Um... it's, uh... PIZZA! The answer is pizza!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Ehhh... Even without the author coming forward, I can confidently declare this answer wrong! How does eating pizza broaden your mind!?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' And while I'm no expert in exotic dishes... If I'm not mistaken, pizza is round, is it not? Like [[Mora Meat]].
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... eating pizza makes you happy, and being happy makes it easier to face problems that need solving, sooo...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, Paimon admits she may have jumped the gun on this one...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' (Maybe it's some other kind of food? No no no no, riddles are never that simple, and it needs to be something that makes people more intelligent...)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If Paimon had known it was gonna be this tough, she'd have read more books in her time...
:{{DIcon}} ...!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What is it? Have you got it?
:{{DIcon}} [[Book|"Books"]]!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Huh?
:{{DIcon}} They're square, and they've got lots of big words baked into them!
:{{DIcon}} Every big word that passes through your lips as you read it out makes you smarter!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Gotcha!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Books! The answer is books!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Haha, that was quicker than I expected! I was quite proud of that one.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Oh? It appears the riddle-writer has announced the answer! Okay, one point to Paimon!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 mika 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' (Huh? So the answer was "books"? Argh, how did I not get that? C'mon Mika, concentrate...)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, we're awesome at this!
:{{DIcon}} ...Ahem.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Uh, what Paimon meant to say was that you're awesome at this! Thanks for the point, {{Traveler}}!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' On to riddle number two!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 mika 03.ogg}} '''Mika:''' (I gotta get in there first this time...)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' "High above the wispy clouds, amidst the gloomy snow-filled shroud, standing alone on an icy stage, beneath it every lowly sage." Looks like a poem from Liyue!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh! It's&mdash;
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 mika 04.ogg}} '''Mika:''' I got it!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 together 01.ogg}} '''Mika & Noelle:''' ...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Looks like those two have some ideas. Hmm, could it be some kind of plant that lives in cold, high places?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Mika, please go ahead. As a full Knight of Favonius, you represent all of us from Mondstadt here.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 mika 06.ogg}} '''Mika:''' No, no, how could I? It was you who thought of it first. You should be the one to guess.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' My answer isn't necessarily correct. Besides, it's first-come, first-served, and you beat me to it...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 mika 07.ogg}} '''Mika:''' N&mdash;No I didn't... You were just before me...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ah, how gracious and considerate our fellow competitors are towards each other. A wonderful sight to see.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' How about both of you say your answer at the same time? If you're both right, you'll each get a point.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' (Whoops, I didn't realize we'd made such a scene...)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 mika 08.ogg}} '''Mika:''' (Oh, crud... Guess we dragged that out a bit...)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 mika 09.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Um... So Noelle, what do you say...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes, let's. Our answer is:
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 together 02.ogg}} '''Mika & Noelle:''' [[Cecilia|"Cecilia."]]
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That certainly sounds like a good candidate for the correct answer! A flower that blooms on the highest peaks and known for its exquisite beauty, the Cecilia is held by many Mondstadters to be the true "Windblume."
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Uh... Although since the writer hasn't yet come forward to announce the answer, this probably wasn't the answer they were looking for. Sorry! Any other answers?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 mika 11.ogg}} '''Mika:''' (I can't believe I was wrong... Maybe it's a plant from Liyue?)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 xingqiu 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' ...Is the answer [[Qingxin|"Qingxin"]]? The poem does evoke a strong sense of quiet, proud solitude in a high place.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 kallirhoe 01.ogg}} '''[[Callirhoe|Riddle Writer]]:''' Correct! I wrote this one. Qingxin is the right answer.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nooo! Xingqiu got it before Paimon could!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 kallirhoe 02.ogg}} '''Riddle Writer:''' ...However, after listening to the host's description, I do remember reading about Cecilia flowers in a book once. They definitely fit the description of a pure flower standing proudly and alone on high.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 kallirhoe 03.ogg}} '''Riddle Writer:''' So, I'd like to approve the answer from our two friends from Mondstadt as well.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Really? Thank you so much...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha! Well, since even the riddler themself agrees, all three contestants earn a point each!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Darn it! Xingqiu's caught up to Paimon already!
:{{DIcon}} We're only just getting started.
:{{DIcon}} It's just one measly point.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah... You're probably right.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Moving now to our third riddle... Huh? Why is the handwriting so... floaty...?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 hutao 11.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' "What's got no wings but flies in the air, never gets tired of floating up there, so full of Mora it comes out the nose, but in the sea glug glug glug down it goes!"
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's Paimon's! They picked Paimon's riddle! Yay!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' ...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it? Why isn't anyone guessing? Is Paimon's riddle too hard?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 xingqiu 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' That's not quite it. More like... it's so ludicrously simple that we just cannot believe it.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? No way... Well, go on then, tell us the answer if you're so sure.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' The answer is... [[Paimon|"Paimon."]]
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...What?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 xingqiu 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' It's "Paimon."
:{{DIcon}} It's "Paimon."
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I was actually gonna say "Paimon," too...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 mika 12.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Me too...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No! You're all completely wrong! How the heck did you all think the answer was Paimon!?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 xingqiu 07.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Paimon, do you have wings behind your back?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Uh, no.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' You're always floating, but you never seem to get tired of it.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' And Paimon has a very healthy appetite, which must cost {{Traveler}} a lot of Mora in meal expenses.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 mika 13.ogg}} '''Mika:''' I've heard from the senior knights that {{Traveler}} rescued Paimon by [[Wanderer's Trail|fishing her out of the sea]]. So, that means Paimon can't swim, so if she fell in the sea, then, uh...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Glug glug glug...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, wait... Now Paimon's doubting herself, what was the answer again...
:{{DIcon}} Think about it for a moment.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 25.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, you're all wrong! The answer to Paimon's riddle is obviously the [[Jade Chamber|"Jade Chamber"]]! You know, the Jade Chamber that's always flying up there in the sky!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 xingqiu 08.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Is that so? Hmm, I still maintain that the riddle actually describes "Paimon" more accurately.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 xingqiu 09.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' In fact, if we just added two more lines to the poem, it would be the perfect riddle.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 26.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What do you want to add?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 xingqiu 10.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' ..."The Traveler's companion and talkative guide, a praiseworthy presence always by their side."
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 27.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, do you mean it? Can we really add that part?
:{{DIcon}} I can vouch for it.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's the best travel companion ever!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 28.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You think so too? Hee-hee...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 29.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay! Then Paimon would like to announce that the correct answer to the riddle is... the widely adored "Paimon"!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 hutao 12.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Great! And with that, the widely adored Paimon has gifted a point each to everyone who answered just now!
:{{Black Screen|More riddles and giggles fill the air as the time flies by...}}
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 30.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, guessing riddles is a lot of fun. And even though Paimon didn't manage to beat Xingqiu, Paimon still feels like she got a little smarter!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 19 paimon 31.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh &mdash; didn't Chongyun mention he was investigating something before? Let's go ask him about it.

;(Approach Chongyun, Hu Tao, Venti, and Xingqiu)
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey you two!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Oh? Hi Paimon. You know, for a moment there, I was worried I might lose to you.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Ooh, are you collecting your prize right now?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I am indeed! Though if you really want it, I'd be more than happy to give it to you.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seriously!? Wow, what is it?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Ummm...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' A most generous donation by yours truly as Director of the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]]. Namely, a buy one get one free coupon for our high-end customized service package! It's a pleasant surprise to learn you're so interested in it, Paimon.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hahahaha! Nope! Nuh-uh, no thank you! Hard pass &mdash; you can keep it!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 xingqiu 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Are you sure? In that case, I'll gladly take it!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Here you are! Now remember, this package comes with our "anytime, anywhere" on-demand collection service! Just give us a call and we'll be right there!&nbsp;...With any luck, we'll still show up even if you're... unable to call.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' So, to what do we owe the honor, Paimon?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph! What do you mean, "we"? Chongyun's the one Paimon's looking for, not you. Wasn't he saying something about needing help?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Oh yeah, that...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 xingqiu 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' How about I put it in riddle form?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Isn't the competition over?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 xingqiu 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' "'Twas like a demon not demonic, or devil devoid of the diabolic. Afar it floated free above the ground, but when approached, though sought, nought could be found."
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Sounds to me like you encountered a ghastly little ghostie in the wild?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Perhaps I should just explain it...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Basically, while I was training this morning, I suddenly caught sight of a [[Hydro Eidolon|nonhuman entity]].
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' It was floating in the air without any kind of external aid, and its body was almost transparent. At first, I thought I'd finally encountered a demon that wasn't repelled by my pure-yang spirit, and immediately prepared to exorcise it.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But none of my methods had any effect on it. And when I went to try and get a closer look at it and try to ascertain what I was dealing with, it disappeared into thin air.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' You're sure it's not a ghost or spirit of some kind?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 chongyun 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Quite sure. I could sense that it had a physical body. And if it were a spirit, I'm sure it would have been scared away long before I saw it.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 chongyun 08.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' It's all my fault. I got overexcited, and in my haste I didn't ascertain its true nature before taking action. Thinking back on it... If it wasn't an evil spirit, maybe I offended some kind of adeptus, or illuminated beast...
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 xingqiu 07.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' You shouldn't blame yourself. It was something you'd never seen before &mdash; anyone else would've reacted the same way.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 xingqiu 08.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Besides, we're making up for it now by doing our best to find out the truth.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Any thoughts, Venti? Have you managed to untangle Chongyun's twisted tale?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Why don't you take a guess first, Hu Tao?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Oho, that means you have!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hehe, I can't be absolutely certain, but I'm reasonably sure it's not what Liyue would call an "evil spirit" or "demon." So whatever it is, it's not dangerous.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm... How about this? We can incorporate a "search" element into tomorrow's poetry activity.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, does that mean we get to play outside while we write poetry?
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, close!&nbsp;...But no.
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Good ideas could just pop into your head out of thin air. But if you ask me, everyone should relax tonight, and get a good rest before tomorrow!
:{{A|vo sgeq001 20 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You say that, but your gaze keeps drifting over towards the wine stand!
:;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Venti next to Jochen's stall, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Seeing my friends having such a lively discussion, I couldn't help but join in on the fun.
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Of course, I promised Hu Tao I'd behave and do my job as a good host... but I really am parched from speaking so much. It would be negligent not to wet my whistle.
:{{A|vo dialog sgeq001 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' And you know what the best part is? Wine is to the poet's tongue as ink to his pen. So, two birds with one stone!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Open-World Interactables==
===Message Board===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with Message Board between [[Aunt Qiao]] and [[Pops Zhou]] after Part I)
:'''Message:''' If I remember correctly, Liyue's couplets can be quite difficult to write...
:'''Reply:''' Yeah, it's harder if you follow the rules and try to match every word.
:'''Reply:''' Apart from having exactly the same number of syllables, you have to take note of certain tonal patterns and make the words rhyme...
:'''Reply:''' Anyway, it's a rare opportunity to have guests visiting from Mondstadt, so let's all just enjoy ourselves.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Poetry Riddles===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with the lantern on the left side of the stage after Part I)
::{{Readable|title=Poetry Riddle on a Lantern
|text=<!--
--><center>Once plentiful, it roamed meadows far and near. Above Silk Flowers did waters hold it dear.<br><!--
-->In pots one may now find its gossamer grace &mdash; fragrant, half-furled, hiding heartache's trace.</center><br><!--
--><div class="align-right">[[Glaze Lily|Guess the plant.]]</div>}}
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with the lantern on the right side of the stage after Part I)
::{{Readable|title=Poetry Riddle on a Lantern
|text=<!--
--><center>Upon thieving hearts, its essence lies.<br><!--
-->Not in silver nor gold, but gilded nests.<br><!--
-->This emblem grants them courage to rise,<br><!--
-->And summon the ravens as noble guests.</center><br><!--
--><div class="align-right">[[Treasure Hoarder Insignia|Guess an object.]]</div>}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|Transclude = Congenial Gathering
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

[[pt-br:Reunião Agradável (Missão)]]
[[ru:Задушевная встреча]]