{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70702; 70703; 70704; 70705
|image         = Connor Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Dawn Winery]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Dawn Winery
|characters    = Connor; Traveler
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Mondstadt
}}
'''''Connor's Brew''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
# Give ten servings of [[Wheat]] / three [[Flaming Flower Stamen]]s / three [[Mist Flower Corolla]]s / three sets of [[Dandelion Seed]]s to [[Connor]]

==Request Details==
===Wheat Request===
Help Needed:<br>
I feel like I should brew a gentler wine before I get some rest...<br>
But our warehouse supplies are almost all used up, thanks to me...<br>
If anyone is willing to help out, please gather {{Color|buzzword|ten spikes of Wheat}} for me...

===Flaming Flower Stamen Request===
Help Needed:<br>
Hmm... Some guests would like a drink that'll leave a deep impression.<br>
A special wine needs to be brewed with special ingredients.<br>
If anyone is willing to help, please gather {{Color|buzzword|three Flaming Flower Stamens}} for me.

===Mist Flower Corolla Request===
Help Needed:<br>
I'd like to make a batch of new wine, but due to carelessness on the part of the warehouse caretakers, a portion of our wine-making resources have been damaged and are now unusable.<br>
I am in urgent need of {{Color|buzzword|three Mist Flower Corollas}}. If anyone is willing to lend a hand, please gather them for me.

===Dandelion Seeds Request===
Hep Needed:<br>
The resources I've expended in my brewery experiments are getting out of hand, it seems &mdash; we're all out of Dandelion Seeds.<br>
If anyone is willing to help out, please gather {{Color|buzzword|three sets of Dandelion Seeds}} for me.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The [[Dawn Winery]]'s [[Connor]] requires ten servings of [[Wheat]] / three [[Flaming Flower Stamen]]s / three [[Mist Flower Corolla]]s / three sets of [[Dandelion Seed]]s.}}
===Wheat Request===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(While talking to Connor)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About the wheat...
:'''Connor:''' You... Ah. Saw my commission, did you?
:'''Connor:''' So, gathered those ten spikes of Wheat yet?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here they are.
:;(After giving the Wheat)
::'''Connor:''' Let me see... Yes, I think this is enough.
::'''Connor:''' Thank you. Please accept a token of my appreciation...
:{{DIcon}} Still working on it...
::'''Connor:''' Well, pass them to me once you're done gathering them. I need to rest for a while more...

===Flaming Flower Stamen Request===
;(While talking to Connor)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, I heard someone needs Flaming Flower Stamens...
:'''Connor:''' Yes, that was a commission I sent out. I must say, that was rather quick...
:'''Connor:''' So, have you gathered the three Flaming Flower Stamens that I need?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here they are.
:;(After giving the Flaming Flower Stamens)
::'''Connor:''' Yes, this will do. Please accept this small token from me as thanks for your help.
::'''Connor:''' While I'm not certain if we can brew anything sufficiently special with these ingredients...
::'''Connor:''' But I'm sure that this will be a memorable brewing experience nonetheless.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Connor:''' Well then, give them to me as soon as you're done gathering them. I have wine to brew.

===Mist Flower Corolla Request===
;(While talking to Connor)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} A little bird told me that someone wants Mist Flower Corollas...
:'''Connor:''' Ah, you must have seen that commission of mine. So, do you have those three Mist Flower Corollas handy?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here they are.
:;(After giving the Mist Flower Corollas)
::'''Connor:''' My, my... These Mist Flower Corollas are of fine quality indeed.
::'''Connor:''' Please, take these &mdash; consider them a token of my appreciation.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Connor:''' Please hurry, then. I'm due to use them to brew up some wine.

===Dandelion Seeds Request===
;(While talking to Connor)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, I hear you need dandelions...
:'''Connor:''' Oh, you must have seen my commission, then. Well, what about it? Have you gathered three sets of Dandelion Seeds?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here they are.
:;(After giving the Dandelion Seeds)
::'''Connor:''' Yes... These Dandelion Seeds should last me for a while.
::'''Connor:''' Please accept this. Thanks for helping me out.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Connor:''' Not yet, eh... Well, be sure to give them to me once you've got them. I need to start brewing wine soon.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Connor's Brew
|zhs     = 康纳的酿酒材料需求
|zhs_rm  = Kāngnà de Niàngjiǔ Cáiliào Xūqiú
|zht     = 康納的釀酒材料需求
|zht_rm  = Kāngnà de Niàngjiǔ Cáiliào Xūqiú
|zh_tl   = Connor's Brewing Material Needs
|ja      = コナーの醸造材料のリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Konaa no Jouzou Zairyou no Rikuesuto
|ja_tl   = Connor's Brewing Ingredient Request
|ko      = 코너의 주조 재료 의뢰
|ko_rm   = Koneo-ui Jujo Jaeryo Uiroe
|ko_tl   = Connor's Brewing Ingredients Request
|es      = Materiales de vino para Connor
|es_tl   = Wine Materials for Connor
|fr      = Le vin artisanal de Connor
|fr_tl   = Connor's Home-Made Wine
|ru      = Алкогольные ингредиенты для Коннора
|ru_tl   = Alcohol Ingredients for Connor
|th      = การสรรหาวัตถุดิบหมักไวน์ของ Connor
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nguyên liệu ủ rượu Connor cần
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Connors Gebräu
|de_tl   = Connor's Brew
|id      = Bahan yang Dibutuhkan Connor
|id_tl   = Ingredients that Are Needed by Connor
|pt      = Pedido de Materiais para Fermentação de Vinho de Connor
|pt_tl   = Connor's Order of Materials for Fermentation of Wine
|tr      = Connor'ın Şarap Mayası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il preparato di Connor
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[es:Materiales de vino para Connor]]
[[ja:コナーの醸造材料のリクエスト]]
[[pt-br:Pedido de Materiais para Fermentação de Vinho de Connor]]