{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Level List
|tab3 = List
|tab4 = Gallery
}}
{{See also|Talents|Stella Fortuna}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Constellation Menu.png
|type         = Combat
|type2        = Game Systems
|type3        = Lore
}}
'''Constellations''' are a lore concept and gameplay mechanic in ''Genshin Impact''. They control the fates (past, present, and future) of all humans in [[Teyvat]],<ref name="CouncilRecords>Interactable, Chamber of Deliberation, [[Chamber of Deliberation##Chamber_of_Deliberation:_Sovereign_Rulers'_Council_Records_2|Sovereign Rulers' Council Records]]<br>''CL-03: The fate of these soulless creatures bound to star signs concerns me not.''</ref> and every [[Character]] has their own unique star sign in lieu of this. In gameplay, they are sequential upgrades to playable Characters, which are similar to their [[Passive Talent]]s and increase the effectiveness of the character or add new capabilities to existing abilities.

Each character has a total of 6 Constellation levels, with the third and fifth always being a three-level increase to their one specific [[Combat Talent]]. Constellation levels are also colloquially referred to as Constellations.

==How to Unlock==
In order to unlock each Constellation level of a character (aside from the [[Traveler]]), a player must spend a [[Stella Fortuna]] for that specific character. Players will obtain a character's Stella Fortuna upon obtaining a duplicate of the character, either through pulling from [[Wishes]], buying from [[Paimon's Bargains]], or earning through [[Events]].

The [[Traveler]]'s Constellation levels are unique in that they are unlocked not through the above systems, but through [[Archon Quests]], [[Souvenir Shop]]s, [[Adventure Rank#Adventurers.27 Guild Rewards|Adventure Rank Rewards]] ([[Traveler (Anemo)|Anemo]] only), and [[Statue of The Seven]] upgrades ([[Traveler (Electro)|Electro]], [[Traveler (Dendro)|Dendro]], and [[Traveler (Hydro)|Hydro]]) instead. The Traveler does not have a constellation until they align with an element.

[[Aloy]]'s Constellation levels cannot be unlocked, nor do they have any effects listed.

==Gameplay Notes==
Aside from the Constellation levels that directly increase the levels of [[Combat Talent]]s, the effects of Constellation levels that affect [[Talents]] are not reflected in the Talents' information screens, even if the effects are unconditional. For example, the duration increases provided by [[Everlasting Boulder]] are not listed in the information screens of [[Starfell Sword]] or [[Wake of Earth]].

==List of Constellations==
{{Main|Constellation/List}}
* [[:Category:Level 1 Constellations|Level 1 Constellations]]
* [[:Category:Level 2 Constellations|Level 2 Constellations]]
* [[:Category:Level 3 Constellations|Level 3 Constellations]]
* [[:Category:Level 4 Constellations|Level 4 Constellations]]
* [[:Category:Level 5 Constellations|Level 5 Constellations]]
* [[:Category:Level 6 Constellations|Level 6 Constellations]]

==Lore==
The stars of Teyvat are closely intertwined with the concept of fate, and constellations are an extension of this. The stars of constellations are likened to strings by which the [[Heavenly Principles]] puppeteer the mortals of the [[Human Realm]].<ref name=LWatUF>{{Ref/Book|The Little Witch and the Undying Fire#Vol. 2}}</ref><ref name="Citlali">{{Ref/VO|Citlali}}</ref> Some beings, such as [[Dragons]], which belong to other realms, as well as [[Descenders]], are not subject to this form of puppeteering.<ref name="CouncilRecords /><ref name="Neuvillette">{{Ref/CS|Neuvillette|Character Story 5}}</ref>

Each constellation represents specific characteristics, and each [[Vision]] bearer's fate is linked to a specific constellation. For example, [[Jean]]'s constellation, [[Leo Minor]], represents "strength and responsibility shouldered too young." It is implied that multiple Vision bearers can be connected to the same constellation; it may be the case that only one can be linked at a time, but the details are unclear.<ref name="Mona">{{Ref/VO|Mona}}</ref> Non-Vision bearers' fates are also reflected in the stars, but they do not seem to be associated with constellations.

Those deemed as "overseers of the mortal realm" or who "defy the world itself" are given special constellations which depict them personally.<ref name="Neuvillette" /> This list apparently includes the [[Traveler]], [[The Seven|Seven Archons]] (including [[Furina]]), [[Adepti]], [[Neuvillette]], [[Wanderer]], [[Yae Miko]], and [[Yumemizuki Mizuki]].

The stars in a constellation are physical celestial bodies called [[Stella Fortuna]]. In ''[[Unreconciled Stars]]'', it was shown that a constellation can fall as meteors, but the cause of this event is yet unknown. Certain individuals, like the [[Electro]] [[Archon]] [[Raiden Ei]],<ref>Raiden Shogun, Elemental Skill: [[Transcendence: Baleful Omen]]</ref> or the [[Mictlan]] shaman [[Citlali]],<ref name="Citlali" /> are able to manipulate "inauspicious stars." In the case of Citlali, she is specifically stated to be able to bind her own Stella Fortuna into physical objects.<ref>Mail: [[Mail/Another_Xihuitl*..._(2025-01-20)|Another Xihuitl*...]]</ref>

In ''[[Competition on the Sands]]'', [[Layla]] alludes to the possibility that the [[Ley Lines]] are reflections of the constellations when seen from above. This may be supported by the fact that [[Teleport Waypoints]] are said to form "a certain order"<ref>Map Description: [[Teleport Waypoint]]</ref>, and [[Portable Waypoint]]s are known to depend on the power of the Ley Lines.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Portable Waypoint}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* During the [[Labyrinth Warriors]] event, the charm "Exposure: Bastion of Order" was available, which increased the constellation level by 1 of four random characters among the player's two teams. This effect was only active inside the [[Mystic Onmyou Chamber]] domain and did not persist after leaving.
** The buff could also be applied to [[Aloy]]. However, [[Star of Another World (1)|her first constellation level]] has no effects.
* [[Lyney]]'s third constellation level, [[Prestidigitation]], released in [[Version/4.0|Version 4.0]], is the first constellation level that increases [[Normal Attack]] level by three (in exchange of his [[Elemental Skill]] level increase). All prior characters' third and fifth constellation levels are Elemental Skill and [[Elemental Burst]] level increases.
* As in real life, the suffix for constellations in the East Asian languages literally means {{Lang|"seat"|zh=座|zh_rm=zuò|ja=座|ja_rm=za|ko=자리|ko_rm=jari|sort=zh,ja,ko}}.
** Similarly, the prefix for constellations in Vietnamese literally means {{Lang|"palace"|vi={{tt|cung|宫}}}}.
* Zhongli and Venti, the only two of the first [[The Seven|Seven]] remaining in positions of rulership,<ref>{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|5|note=Altered Version}}</ref> are the only characters whose constellations contain the word "Dei," meaning "of God."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Constellation
|zhs      = 命之座
|zhs_rm   = Mìng zhī Zuò
|zht      = 命之座
|zht_rm   = Mìng zhī Zuò
|zh_tl    = Constellation of Fate
|ja       = 命ノ星座
|ja_rm    = Inochi no Seiza
|ja_tl    = Constellation of Fate
|ko       = {{tt|운명|運命}}의 자리
|ko_rm    = Unmyeong-ui Jari
|ko_tl    = Constellation of Fate
|es       = Constelación
|es_tl    = Constellation
|fr       = Constellation
|ru       = Созвездие
|ru_tl    = Constellation
|th       = กลุ่มดาว
|th_rm    = Klum dao
|th_tl    = Constellation
|vi       = {{tt|Cung|宮}} {{tt|Mệnh|命}}
|vi_tl    = Constellation of Life
|de       = Sternbild
|de_tl    = Constellation
|id       = Konstelasi
|id_tl    = Constellation
|pt       = Constelação
|pt_tl    = Constellation
|tr       = Takımyıldız
|tr_tl    = Constellation
|it       = Costellazione
|it_tl    = Constellation
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Combat Navbox}}
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}
{{Constellation Navbox}}
[[Category:Constellations| ]]

[[fr:Constellation]]
[[ja:命ノ星座]]
[[pt-br:Constelações]]
[[ru:Созвездия]]
[[th:กลุ่มดาว]]
[[tr:Takımyıldızı]]
[[uk:Сузір'я]]
[[vi:Cung Mệnh]]