{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73652
|part          = 2
|image         = Event Quest Controllable Explosion.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Tablet Analytics
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Hajanad; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Chinvat Ravine]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Chinvat Ravine
|prev          = [[The Cliffside Weirdo and a Risky Study?]]
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Cauldron of Herbs|1}}
}}
'''''Controllable Explosion''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Tablet Analytics]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Hajanad]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The testing on the "Remelting Tablets" is progressing smoothly. It is time to report back to Hajanad...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Hajanad)
:'''Hajanad:''' You're back! Ah, I've waited here for so long!
:'''Hajanad:''' Come, tell me how the "Remelting Tablets" did in detail.
:{{DIcon}} Hajanad seems excited.
:'''Paimon:''' Then we'll start with the shortcomings first! Clench your teeth!

:'''You describe the pros and cons of "Remelting Tablets" to Hajanad in detail.'''

:'''Hajanad:''' I see... I understand now.
:'''Hajanad:''' The current explosion is not accurate enough to control the exact potion mix, so the effects can be unstable.
:'''Hajanad:''' What I need to do is to make a shield for the explosive, focus the resultant shockwave, and also modify the arrangement of preset tablets...
:'''Hajanad:''' Yes, it won't take long to make these modifications. The problem is funding...
:'''Hajanad:''' Fortunately, I still have my emergency funds! It should be enough if I sell the old equipment and eat once a day from now on.
:'''Paimon:''' You're going to eat only once a day?
:'''Paimon:''' No, no! That's unacceptable! Why didn't you mention that you don’t have enough funds?
:'''Hajanad:''' Oh, rest assured. Your payment is guaranteed. I had it all budgeted out.
:'''Hajanad:''' I'm used to eating once a day by now. Sometimes I only have three meals in a week, so this shouldn't be a problem.
:{{DIcon}} You don't have to try so hard...
:'''Paimon:''' Now Paimon's really curious...
:'''Paimon:''' Why do you want to become a famous researcher so bad, Ms. Hajanad?
:'''Paimon:''' Are you really that into academic research? Do you want to prove your worth by doing this? Or are you planning to make a lot of Mora with alchemy?
:'''Hajanad:''' Hmm...
:'''Hajanad:''' This is so out of the blue that I'm not sure either... Maybe it's just because I was bullied in the past that I got obsessed.
:'''Hajanad:''' If I can prove my worth, then I can live a better life.
:'''Paimon:''' So you're doing this for that reason...
:{{DIcon}} So that's why you started to do academic research?
:'''Hajanad:''' Yes. Knowledge is everything in this country, and so the only way up is through one's academic abilities.
:'''Hajanad:''' I don't have much talent or high intellect, so my breakthroughs are limited to unpopular subjects that no one wants to take up.
:'''Hajanad:''' I've been delving into my research for so long that I forgot how to act around people. Perhaps my temper's suffered for it too...
:{{DIcon}} Most people out there are good folks.
:{{DIcon}} Don't dwell on the past.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! You already have an impressive goal now. You should try to enjoy your life!
:'''Paimon:''' If you keep a normal heart and make normal conversations with people, there will definitely be those who'd like to help you with your research!
:'''Hajanad:''' I know, I know. Still, thank you for the advice.
:'''Hajanad:''' I realized that it's much easier and more interesting to study alchemy compared to studying what to eat or what to say to others.
:'''Hajanad:''' But since I've met you guys, I've been doing some self-reflection, and I believe that I should really work on my emotions and expressions.
:'''Hajanad:''' Anyway, thanks for helping me test out the "Remelting Tablets." I should go back and write my papers now.
:'''Hajanad:''' In addition to the promised payment, this, too, is for you.
:{{DIcon}} What is this?
:'''Hajanad:''' My best alchemy cauldron. It cost me a great deal back then, but I treasured it so much that I never got the chance to use it.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Why are you suddenly giving up your most precious tool?
:'''Hajanad:''' "Remelting Tablets" are different from traditional potions. They need the equipment I newly designed to produce them, so I won't be using this cauldron anyway.
:'''Hajanad:''' I did also make a promise to you, after all. Let this be a keepsake of that promise.
:'''Hajanad:''' You can try using it to make... tea or soup, I guess? Whatever comes out of it should taste better due to its extraordinary extraction functions.
:'''Paimon:''' Since you put it that way... It would be rude of us to refuse you.
:{{DIcon}} You can do this, Hajanad!
:'''Hajanad:''' Of course! Just you wait!

:'''Hajanad leaves.'''

:'''Paimon:''' Say, (Traveler)...
:'''Paimon:''' We did a good deed this time, right?
:{{DIcon}} Just another day in our adventures.
:{{DIcon}} We should steady our hearts as well.
:'''Paimon:''' Right... It's too early for us to come to any conclusions just yet.
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe a day will come when we'll have forgotten about this event and boom! Hajanad suddenly becomes a famous researcher and invites us to visit her!
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, enough of that! Let's go and make some tea with this alchemy cauldron!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Controllable Explosion
|zhs     = 可控性爆炸
|zhs_rm  = Kěkòng-xìng Bàozhà
|zht     = 可控性爆炸
|zht_rm  = Kěkòng-xìng Bàozhà
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 制御可能な爆発
|ja_rm   = Seigyokanou-na Bakuhatsu
|ja_tl   = Controllable Explosion
|ko      = 제어 가능한 폭발
|ko_rm   = Jeeo Ganeunghan Pokppal
|ko_tl   = Controllable Explosion
|es      = Explosión controlada
|es_tl   = Controlled Explosion
|fr      = Explosion contrôlable
|fr_tl   = Controllable Explosion
|ru      = Управляемый взрыв
|ru_tl   = Controllable Explosion
|th      = ระเบิดที่ควบคุมได้
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vụ Nổ Có Thể Kiểm Soát
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kontrollierbare Explosion
|de_tl   = Controllable Explosion
|id      = Ledakan Terkendali
|id_tl   = Controllable Explosion
|pt      = Explosão Controlada
|pt_tl   = Controlled Explosion
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Explosión controlada]]
[[pt-br:Explosão Controlada]]