{{Stub}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Tutorial The Continuation of the Sabzeruz Festival 1.png
|type         = Game Systems
}}
'''Contemplation''' is a game mode that requires the player to analyze several pieces of information and draw logical conclusions.

It was first introduced in the {{Quest|The Continuation of the Sabzeruz Festival}}.

==Gameplay==
In the Contemplation state, the camera will focus on the [[Traveler]] and several blue thought bubbles will appear above their head.

The player can select any thought bubble to Interpret it. The Traveler will share their thoughts on the topic, after which the thought bubble may disappear, turn gray (to indicate that it has been interpreted), or turn gold (to highlight a key idea). This may also trigger other thought bubbles to appear or disappear.

Interpreted ideas (gray thought bubbles) can be submitted as conclusions or Interpreted again to review the Traveler's thoughts. Highlighted ideas (gold thought bubbles) cannot be directly submitted as conclusions, but can be Associated with other ideas to generate new options.

If the player attempts to submit an unsuitable conclusion, the Traveler will express their doubts and remain in the Contemplation state. If the player submits a suitable conclusion, the Traveler will exit the Contemplation state and regular gameplay will resume.

The player can freely exit Contemplation at any time, but their progress will not be saved.

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|The Continuation of the Sabzeruz Festival}}

==Availability==
{{Quests and Events
|titles=<!--
-->The Continuation of the Sabzeruz Festival;;<!--
-->The Causality of the Sabzeruz Festival;;<!--
-->The Empty Illusions of the Sabzeruz Festival;;<!--
-->Show Canceled;;<!--
-->The Reason We Are Gathered Here;;<!--
-->Compiling the Clues;;<!--
-->Cards Out! Grievances Begone;;<!--
-->Truly Mouthwatering!;;<!--
-->The Proud "Beret Society";;<!--
-->Search in the Algae Sea (Quest);;<!--
-->An Expected Plan;;<!--
-->Detectives;;<!--
-->World-Order Narration;;<!--
-->Middle Note: Blood Due;;<!--
-->As Though Beholding Illusions
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Contemplation
|zhs      = 思索
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 思索
|zht_rm   = 
|ja       = 思索
|ja_rm    = Shisaku
|ko       = 생각
|es       = Pensar
|fr       = Réflexion
|ru       = Размышление
|th       = ครุ่นคิด
|th_rm    = 
|vi       = Suy Ngẫm
|de       = Nachdenken
|id       = Berpikir
|pt       = Contemplar
|tr       = Düşün
|it       = Riflessione
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Game Systems Navbox}}