{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41123
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|event_name    = Unreconciled Stars
|summary       = Huffman asks the Traveler to help take care of local threats in Mondstadt as he is preoccupied with the events of the meteorite shower.
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|mora          = 25,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Fading Star's Might|20}}
|requirement   = Complete [[The Crisis Deepens]]
|characters    = Huffman; Timid Morrow; Traveler
}}
'''''Contingencies''''' is one of the quests during the second phase of the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event: Star of Deceitful Dreams. The player must complete [[The Crisis Deepens]] to unlock this quest.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Huffman]]
#Defeat the [[Treasure Hoarder]]s
#Report the results to Huffman
#Head close to [[Springvale]] to investigate
#Defeat the monsters near Springvale
#Destroy all the monster camps near Springvale
#Defeat all enemies
#Report back to [[Timid Morrow]]
#Report back to Huffman

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Huffman is currently so busy with matters concerning the fallen meteorites, that he barely has time for anything else...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Huffman)
:'''Huffman:''' How do you do, Honorary Knight? Please, do your utmost to remain within the city limits during this time.
:'''Huffman:''' Now, I believe that you've seen those fallen meteorites as well.
:'''Huffman:''' For some reason, they've started falling at a greater rate than before, and it's become more dangerous out there in the wild.
:'''Huffman:''' All sorts of matters are cropping up within the city, almost more than the [[Knights of Favonius|Knights]] can handle. All this, at a time when we'd just discovered Treasure Hoarder activity near the city...
:'''Huffman:''' Those fellows would do anything for a little Mora. I fear that they'll try to take advantage of this situation...
:'''Huffman:''' If you're willing, Traveler, could you help us chase those thieves off?
:{{DIcon}} I won't let you down.
::'''Huffman:''' Spoken well, Honorary Knight. I'll leave it in your able hands.
:{{DIcon}} Aren't the Treasure Hoarders scared of the meteorites?
::'''Huffman:''' Hmph. I'd wager that those crooks fear nothing, as long as they can get their hands on some Mora.
::'''Huffman:''' You have my thanks. I'm sorry, I know it reflects ill on us to be asking for your help in such circumstances.

;(Talk to Huffman again)
:'''Huffman:''' I suppose it can be considered some small consolation that no meteorites have come down within the city walls.
----
;(After defeating the Treasure Hoarders)
:'''Huffman:''' Have you succeeded in beating back those Treasure Hoarders?
:{{DIcon}} Sure did
:'''Huffman:''' Wonderful. You've been a great help.
:'''Huffman:''' Hopefully, those Treasure Hoarders will take a hint from this lesson and stop eyeing Mondstadt up.
:{{DIcon}} Well then, if there's nothing else...
:'''Huffman:''' Um, so, please hold on a moment... There is something else I need your help with.
:'''Huffman:''' In truth, we've received a plenitude of reports about abnormal monsters during this period.
:'''Huffman:''' These reports mention that the meteorites have caused the monsters to become especially aggressive.
:'''Huffman:''' The city's defenses are sufficiently stalwart, so there's no reason to worry there. But one such meteorite has landed right beside Springvale...
:'''Huffman:''' Springvale is home to many hunters, and we've sent knights to reinforce them, but the terrain is truly difficult to police.
:'''Huffman:''' If any monsters were to enter the town, things could get disastrous...
:'''Huffman:''' Could you head over to Springvale and help us investigate the status of the monsters there?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Huffman:''' I'll leave it in your capable hands, then. I will do what I can to send some knights over to assist you.
:{{DIcon}} What's the situation over in Springvale?
::'''Huffman:''' To be frank, things don't look good. We already have our hands full dealing with the meteorites' aftermath. But we also need to guard against monsters and the Treasure Hoarders...
::'''Huffman:''' It's almost impossible to handle so many things at once...
::'''Huffman:''' I'm sorry, but I'm leaving this in your hands. In the meantime, I will try to send knights over to aid you.

;(Talk to Huffman again)
:'''Huffman:''' Meteorites, monsters and the Treasure Hoarders. It's really pouring, isn't it...
----
;(Talk to Timid Morrow)
:'''Timid Morrow:''' Aaaah! D&mdash;Don't come any...
:'''Timid Morrow:''' Eh? Y&mdash;You're not a monster. Wh&mdash;Who are you?
:{{DIcon}} What's the status on those monsters?
:'''Timid Morrow:''' The monsters? What is there to ask? I was just running from them, that's what!
:'''Timid Morrow:''' They were right there, a whole bunch of them, looking like they might attack the town.
:'''Timid Morrow:''' If I hadn't run so fast, I'd have been a goner...
:{{DIcon}} Where are those beasts?
:'''Timid Morrow:''' Right next to the town. A few steps around the corner and you'll see them.
:'''Timid Morrow:''' You should get to shelter as well. I'll rest here for a while, and then I'll go warn everyone in town.

;(Talk to Timid Morrow again)
:'''Timid Morrow:''' I have to warn everyone...
----
;(After defeating the monsters)
:'''Timid Morrow:''' Huh? It's you, again? What were you doing this whole time?
:{{DIcon}} Defeating all the monsters?
:'''Timid Morrow:''' Defeating all the... What? Just you?
:{{DIcon}} You can go check it out.
:'''Timid Morrow:''' Ugh, I daren't look. If they see me, I'd be done for!
:'''Timid Morrow:''' I'll just report what you've said to the Knights &mdash; never mind if it's true or not.
:'''Timid Morrow:''' Th&mdash;They'll have some way to check if you've beaten all those monsters, I'm sure.

;(Talk to Timid Morrow again)
:'''Timid Morrow:''' Did you really defeat all those monsters by yourself?
:'''Timid Morrow:''' if so, you're really strong. Better than the Knights of Favonius, even.
----
;(Report back to Huffman)
:'''Huffman:''' How's the situation?
:{{DIcon}} Springvale is safe.
:'''Huffman:''' That's great... I was honestly worried that we might not be able to spare anyone to help out.
:'''Huffman:''' Thank you so much. You've really helped us out this time. Please take these as a token of our esteem.
:'''Huffman:''' *sigh* Meteorites, monsters... I can only hope that nothing truly messy happens.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Contingencies
|zhs     = 紧急措施
|zhs_rm  = Jǐnjí Cuòshī
|zht     = 緊急措施
|zht_rm  = Jǐnjí Cuòshī
|zh_tl   = Emergency Procedures
|ja      = 緊急措置
|ja_rm   = Kinkyuusochi
|ja_tl   = Emergency Measures
|ko      = 긴급 조치
|ko_rm   = Gingeup Jochi
|ko_tl   = Emergency Measures
|es      = Medidas urgentes
|es_tl   = Urgent Measures
|fr      = Mesures d'urgence
|fr_tl   = Emergency Measures
|ru      = Непредвиденные обстоятельства
|ru_tl   = Unforeseen Circumstances
|th      = มาตรการฉุกเฉิน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Quy trình khẩn cấp
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unvorhergesehenes
|de_tl   = Unpredictable
|id      = Kemungkinan
|id_tl   = Contingencies
|pt      = Contingências
|pt_tl   = Contingencies
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[ru:Непредвиденные обстоятельства]]