{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73022
|image         = World Quest Cooking the Beauty of Sharing.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = An Unwavering Culinary Dream
|part          = 2.3
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Araphala; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Ardravi Valley]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|prev          = Cooking, the Flavor of Nature
|next          = A Delicacy for Nara
|concurrent    = Cooking, a Pleasant Memory
|concurrent2   = Cooking, the Aroma of Homecoming
|exp           = 200
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
}}

'''''Cooking, the Beauty of Sharing''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the series [[An Unwavering Culinary Dream]]. It is automatically obtained after completing the previous World Quest, ''Cooking, the Flavor of Nature''.

==Steps==
# Look for [[Araphala]]
#* Talk to Araphala, who is inside the nearby cave.
# Use Dendro to wake the Aranara up
# Talk to the Aranara
# Defeat the huge monster
# Report back to Araphala
# Return to camp with Araphala

==Gameplay Notes==
* Steps 4 and 5 are skipped if the player has already defeated the [[Ruin Drake]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|According to Arachatora, his brother Araphala is doing "cooking training" close by Devantaka Mountain. Look for a pillar of smoke near Devantaka Mountain!}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the pot with the pillar of smoke)
:'''Paimon:''' There is a camp here... But Arapha... Ara... Ugh! Aranara names are so difficult!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Why are these fruits scattered on the ground?

;(Interact with the Leaf With Careful Penmanship)
:'''Leaf With Careful Penmanship:''' (A huge leaf. Someone has written on it with neat handwriting...)
:'''Leaf With Careful Penmanship:''' "...Leaves turned yellow. I picked a fresh and tasty [[Sunsettia]]."
:'''Leaf With Careful Penmanship:''' "...Branches turned green. I didn't find any fruits..."
:'''Leaf With Careful Penmanship:''' "Leaves are growing again, and 40 moons have passed. I picked Sunsettias outside the campsite and brought them back to Vanarana, but sister said they were still very unripe..."

;(Follow the Sunsettia trail)
:'''???:''' *snore* *snore*
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? It's an Aranara... Could it be [[Arapacati]]'s older brother?

;(Talk to the Aranara)
:'''Paimon:''' Hi there!
:'''???:''' *snore* *snore*
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Hello&mdash;!
:'''???:''' Mmm... Tasty fruits... *snore*
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, he's in deep slumber. Oh, right. Arapacati mentioned that {{color|buzzword|the power of Dendro}} should do the trick.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon will leave it to you, (Traveler).

;(Talk to the Aranara again)
:'''???:''' *snore* *snore*

;(Talk to the Aranara after applying Dendro)
:'''???:''' Oh? It's you. Long time no see.
:'''???:''' Whoa, where am I? Is this a cave? Ugh... I'm feeling dizzy.
:'''Paimon:''' Who are you? Why are you sleeping here?
:'''???:''' Who am I... Ugh, so dizzy. Let me think... My name is...
:'''Araphala:''' My name is [[Araphala]]! Hehe, I remember now...
:'''Paimon:''' So you're Araphala! We were wondering where you'd gone... and here you were, sleeping in this cave the whole time!
:'''Araphala:''' Araphala... You know my name...
:'''Araphala:''' Eh? Nara!?
:'''Paimon:''' He's wide awake now.
:{{DIcon}} Indeed he is.
:'''Araphala:''' *sob* I'm not ready yet. Don't make porridge out of me...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Why would anyone want to make porridge out of you!?
:'''Araphala:''' M&mdash;My sister said that if I'm always half asleep like this, a bad Nara will take me and make porridge out of me...
:{{DIcon}} You do look pretty tasty!
::'''Araphala:''' Waaah!!
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! (Traveler), don't make jokes like that! Araphala, no one will cook you!
:{{DIcon}} No one will make you into porridge.
:'''Araphala:''' ...Really?
:'''Paimon:''' Really!
:'''Araphala:''' Not kidding?
:'''Paimon:''' No kidding! Anyway, Paimon's name is Paimon, and this tall Nara is (Traveler). Arapacati sent us...
:'''Araphala:''' Arapacati? Is she doing well? How long have I been here...
:'''Paimon:''' "How long," you say? Well, if Paimon recalls correctly...
:'''Paimon:''' Uhh... Many, many moons ago, the seedlings sprouted from the earth, and became trees... How many Arapacatis tall were they again?
:{{DIcon}} Seven.
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa! As expected of (Traveler)! What an amazing memory!
:{{DIcon}} Your memory is amazing as well, Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Hee&mdash;hee...
:'''Araphala:''' Oh, it's been so long. Oh no.
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's bring you up to speed. [[Festival Utsava]] is coming up...

:'''You bring Araphala up to speed on the events so far...'''

:'''Araphala:''' Ah, it's time for Festival Utsava, is it?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, so Arapacati wants you back in [[Vanarana]].
:'''Araphala:''' Ugh... But I haven't completed my cooking training yet...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Weren't you sleeping? Paimon thought...
:'''Araphala:''' "Sleeping"? Oh, I was just thinking about the past. It wasn't that serious.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Is sleeping something serious for Aranara?
:'''Araphala:''' Hmm... How should I put this... We hibernate when we are in grave danger, and we compress our memories and dreams into a seed.
:'''Araphala:''' If the crisis is averted and the time is right, the seed will return to the forest and grow into Aranara again.
:{{DIcon}} It sounds really tough...
:{{DIcon}} It sounds so convenient!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, can you turn into a seed?
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, do you have any problem with Paimon!?
:'''Araphala:''' But I know that all Nara must sleep. I had a Nara friend once, a Golden Nara just like you.
:'''Araphala:''' I once came here with {{MC|m=her|f=him}} to gather the Unrivaled Fresh Fruits.
:'''Araphala:''' So, I've been picking them here since then. If {{MC|m=she|f=he}} returns, or if I make new Nara friends, we can eat them together.
:'''Araphala:''' I've picked so many of them this time... Eh? Where did they go?
:'''Paimon:''' So, it's you who dropped those Sunsettias we saw all along the way.
:'''Araphala:''' Did I drop that many? But it's okay, hehe... I've kept the freshest and tastiest with me.
:'''Araphala:''' But still... How did I drop so many...
:'''Araphala:''' I remember leaving with my brothers for cooking training. But they didn't know that fresh fruits are the best ingredients...
:'''Araphala:''' But while I was picking fruits... Yes, while I was picking fruits, a really huge monster appeared.
:'''Araphala:''' That huge monster was five Araphalas tall and had a long tail. Even the ground quaked beneath its stomps. Besides that, I think I sensed [[Marana]]'s aura inside it.
:'''Araphala:''' And it was so tough! Even if [[Arama]] and [[Arabalika]] were there, it would take them some effort to tear it apart.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait!? They are that strong!?
:'''Araphala:''' Yes, but I'm not. So, I had to hide here. I was thinking about the past as I waited for it to leave, and the next thing I knew, you two were standing in front of me.
;(If the player has not defeated the Ruin Drake)
::'''Araphala:''' I don't want to go outside while such a scary and huge monster is roaming the area. I'm sorry, my "sister."
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon sees. But Festival Utsava is coming, you should return home.
::'''Araphala:''' Festival Utsava is meant to be carefree, but I'll care for my life if I leave this place. *snore* I can't do that for Festival Utsava...
::'''Araphala:''' *snore* *snore* Nara Varuna...
::'''Paimon:''' Ugh... This guy...
::'''Paimon:''' What do we do, (Traveler)?
::{{DIcon}} Let's deal with the big scary monster.
::{{DIcon}} Ah, that huge monster! So scary!
::'''Paimon:''' ...Paimon doesn't think anything can be scarier than [[Stormterror]]. In fact, Paimon wonders how Aranara would describe Stormterror?
::{{DIcon}} "A million Araphalas tall!"
::'''Paimon:''' "To walk from its tail to the head, the moon will rise and fall!"
::'''Paimon:''' C'mon, let's help him deal with that monster outside.
:;(Talk to Araphala again)
::'''Araphala:''' *snore* When will you be back? *snore*
::{{DIcon}} (Let's wake him up once we take care of the monster...)
;(If the player has defeated the Ruin Drake)
::'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, we did see a [[Ruin Drake]] on the way here. Is that the huge monster you mentioned?
::'''Araphala:''' Is that how Nara call it? Perhaps. Very likely.
::{{DIcon}} We've taken care of it.
::{{DIcon}} Ah, that huge monster! So scary!
:::'''Paimon:''' ...Was it that scary though?
:::'''Araphala:''' Yes, looks like Nara understands that it's very scary.
:::'''Paimon:''' Don't worry. (Traveler) had defeated that huge monster before we met you!
::'''Araphala:''' Whoa! I didn't expect Nara (Traveler) who looks smaller than the monster to be so strong!
::'''Araphala:''' Alright, then let's go. Good Nara, let's eat fruits together.
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Defeat the Ruin Drake in the cave entrance so Araphala will not be afraid anymore.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(If the player has not already defeated the Ruin Drake)
:;(After defeating the Ruin Drake)
::'''Paimon:''' Well, the Ruin Drake is gone. Let's go wake up Araphala.
::'''Paimon:''' He won't be afraid to leave that cave now!

:;(Talk to Araphala)
::'''Araphala:''' *snore* *snore*
::'''Paimon:''' Araphala!
::'''Araphala:''' Huh? Oh, it's Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, we are here to tell you that (Traveler) has taken down the huge monster outside!
::'''Araphala:''' Whoa! I didn't expect Nara (Traveler) who looks smaller than the monster to be so strong!
::{{DIcon}} It was alright.
::{{DIcon}} It was quite difficult.
::'''Araphala:''' Alright, then let's go. Good Nara, let's eat fruits together.
----
;(Approach the cooking pot)
:'''Araphala:''' Okay, let's start cooking with the Unrivaled Fresh Fruits.
:'''Paimon:''' What's the difference between this "Unrivaled Fresh Fruit" and ordinary fruits?
:'''Araphala:''' I understand. To Nara, all fruits may be the same, but they are different.
:'''Araphala:''' Only strong trees can bear Unrivaled Fresh Fruits. Strong trees sing first when the wind blows.
:'''Araphala:''' The bearings of the strong trees, these Unrivaled Fresh Fruits, are a blessing to us. That Nara friend said these fruits are so tasty they sing in your stomach.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon can't wait to see what kind of delicacy will be made from them!

:'''Araphala starts cooking right away...<br />He divides the fruits equally...<br />Then, he gives a few portions to you and Paimon.'''

:'''You try the fresh fruits together.<br />It sort of lives up to your expectations. They do taste like fresh fruits.'''

:'''Araphala:''' So good. Thank you, strong trees.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait! You call that cooking?
:'''Araphala:''' The Unrivaled Fresh Fruit itself is the best Supreme Delicacy. It doesn't need any extra processing to present its best taste...
:'''Araphala:''' Just taste it and you will understand.
:'''Paimon:''' It is tasty, but it's just... it's just like eating fruits...
:{{DIcon}} It is a fruit after all.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon guesses so...
:'''Araphala:''' Don't you Nara have a dish where you cut fruits and serve them on a wooden board too?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Do we? Wait! Are you talking about a fruit platter?
:'''Paimon:''' Is a fruit platter considered a dish?
:{{DIcon}} I think so?
::'''Paimon:''' It still seems a bit strange to Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} I don't think so...
::'''Paimon:''' Right? It's kinda strange to call something that hasn't been, y'know, processed... a dish.
:'''Araphala:''' Oh, don't be a stickler for things like that. Finding better ingredients is a form of cooking too.
:'''Araphala:''' While searching for ingredients, I can travel the forest and get closer to it. That's the true meaning of my cooking training.
:'''Paimon:''' Is it?
:'''Araphala:''' It sure is.
:'''Araphala:''' I've picked Unrivaled Fresh Fruits and made my Supreme Delicacy. My cooking training is complete.
:'''Araphala:''' I can return proudly to Vanarana.
:'''Araphala:''' Oh, I would've missed Festival Utsava if Nara (Traveler) and Paimon didn't take care of that huge monster that blocked me here in this cave.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, hurry back to Vanarana!
:'''Araphala:''' Indeed, indeed... Sister will scold me if I miss Festival Utsava... Just the thought of it is scary enough.
----
;(Upon completing the quest)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, Aracha... Ara... Er, forget it. The four brothers have all been notified!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's return to Arapacati...

;(Talk to Araphala again)
:'''Araphala:''' Festival Utsava is coming, I must... *snore* I must hurry up...
:'''Araphala:''' *snore* *snore*
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cooking, the Beauty of Sharing
|zhs     = 料理是分享的美好
|zhs_rm  = Liàolǐ Shì Fēnxiǎng de Měihǎo
|zht     = 料理是分享的美好
|zht_rm  = Liàolǐ Shì Fēnxiǎng de Měihǎo
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 料理をシェアする素晴らしさ
|ja_rm   = Ryouri wo Shea Suru Subarashisa
|ja_tl   = Cooking is the Beauty of Sharing
|ko      = 요리는 나눔의 미학
|ko_rm   = Yorineun Nanum-ui Mihak
|ko_tl   = Cooking is the Beauty of Sharing
|es      = El sabor de compartir
|es_tl   = The Taste of Sharing
|fr      = La beauté du partage
|fr_tl   = The Beauty of Sharing
|ru      = Еда - это способ поделиться прекрасным
|ru_tl   = Food - A Way of Sharing What Is Beautiful
|th      = อาหารคือความงดงามของการแบ่งปัน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Món Ăn Là Nét Đẹp Của Sự Sẻ Chia
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Kochen ist die Freude am Teilen
|de_tl   = Cooking is the Joy of Sharing
|id      = Memasak, Indahnya Berbagi
|id_tl   = Cooking, the Beauty of Sharing
|pt      = O prato é a alegria de compartilhar
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yemek Pişirmek, Paylaşmanın Güzelliği
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La cucina, la bellezza della condivisione
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}