{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73019
|image         = World Quest Cooking a Pleasant Memory.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = An Unwavering Culinary Dream
|part          = 2.1
|characters    = Arasaka; Iaanesh; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Avidya Forest]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|prev          = Cooking, the Flavor of Nature
|next          = A Delicacy for Nara
|concurrent    = Cooking, the Aroma of Homecoming
|concurrent2   = Cooking, the Beauty of Sharing
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Primogem*20;Mora*20,000;Recipe: Selva Salad*1
}}

'''''Cooking, a Pleasant Memory''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the series [[An Unwavering Culinary Dream]]. It is automatically obtained after completing the previous World Quest, ''[[Cooking, the Flavor of Nature]]''.

==Steps==
# Look for [[Arasaka]]
# Approach the Aranara by the [[Zaytun Peach]]es
#* Interact with the Zaytun Peaches or Arasaka will ignore you.
# Head to Gandharva Ville and look for someone "with a bulge on their back"
# Talk to the person "with a bulge on their back"
# Give the {{Item|Sugar|text=sugar}} to Arasaka

==Dialogue ==
{{Quest Description|According to Arachatora, his brother Arasaka is doing "cooking training" near Gandharva Ville. Look for a pillar of smoke near Gandharva Ville!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Aranara)
:'''Paimon:''' Look, {{Traveler}}. That one next to the pot must be the one we're looking for. Ara... Arasa...
:'''Paimon:''' It must be the Aranara!

;(Interact with Arasaka - Optional)
:'''???:''' You consume the dew and grow up quickly...
:'''Paimon:''' Hello! You're Ara... Ara... What was it again?
:{{DIcon}} Are you [[Arapacati]]'s elder brother?
::'''Paimon:''' That's smart!
:{{DIcon}} [[Arasaka]].
::'''Paimon:''' Arasaka! Are you Arasaka?
:'''???:''' Grow, grow, turn into a delicious dish...
:'''Paimon:''' He doesn't seem to notice us...

;(Interact with the [[Zaytun Peach]]es)
:'''???:''' Eek! Nara... So tall, so scary...
:'''???:''' Please, I beg you... Don't pluck them...
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, we won't do it.
:'''???:''' Great. Hehe... I grew these Zaytun Peaches little by little, ever since they were seeds...
:'''???:''' Wait, no! Bad Nara! How could you do that to someone else's Zaytun Peaches?
:'''???:''' W&mdash;Why does Nara have such a terrible habit...?
:'''Paimon:''' We didn't do anything and haven't picked them!
:'''???:''' It's already scary when you guys didn't do anything. If you had really done something, it would scare me to death!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey!
:'''Arasaka:''' No, no, Arasaka... Think about it. You've worked so hard on these Zaytun Peaches for your cooking training... You cannot back out here. You are not scared...
:'''Paimon:''' So, you're Arasaka.
:'''Arasaka:''' Oh! H&mdash;How do you know my name... Where you Nara all come from... T&mdash;To know my name at first sight...
:{{DIcon}} You said it yourself...
::'''Arasaka:''' Problems are caused by a loose tongue. It's over! My name will be used in terrible curses... Please, please, spare me...
::'''Arasaka:''' Other than giving you the Zaytun Peaches, I will do anything...
:{{DIcon}} We knew a long time ago.
::'''Arasaka:''' What!? A long time ago!? So you had your eyes on me long ago... W&mdash;What do you want from me...
::'''Arasaka:''' Could it be the Zaytun Peaches? No! You can have anything else! But not my peaches!
:'''Paimon:''' Easy now. We're actually here because of Arapacati's request.
:'''Arasaka:''' Ara&mdash;Arapacati? Ah, my dear "younger sister," sunlight in the dense forest...

:'''You bring Arasaka up to speed on the events so far...'''

:'''Arasaka:''' Ugh... How come [[Festival Utsava]] is already approaching... Oh, are you two the Nara who have come to participate in this Festival Utsava?
:'''Arasaka:''' Sorry for calling you bad Nara. You must be good Nara because only good Nara can enter [[Vanarana (Subarea)|Vanarana]] and participate in Festival Utsava.
:'''Arasaka:''' Festival Utsava is coming. If I give up my cooking training and return to Vanarana now... No... But I can't skip Festival Utsava either...
:'''Paimon:''' Why are you getting more nervous instead? Don't you still have the Zaytun Peaches you planted?
:'''Arasaka:''' Th&mdash;That's not enough!
:'''Arasaka:''' There has to be the "taste of happiness." Without it, Zaytun Peaches will just be Zaytun Peaches...
:'''Arasaka:''' [[Arachatora]], [[Arapas]], and [[Araphala]] all don't believe that the "taste of happiness" exists. I will make it and show them. And I want Nara to try it too.
:{{DIcon}} "Taste of happiness"?
:{{DIcon}} The "taste of happiness" you're talking about is...
:'''Arasaka:''' Hehe, "taste of happiness"... I tried it once.
:'''Arasaka:''' "Taste of happiness." It's white, crumbles when you rub it... Turns into white [[Valuka]], but is not hard and painful like Valuka. Stored in a hard bubble.
:{{DIcon}} White Valuka?
:{{DIcon}} Hard bubble?
:'''Paimon:''' White Valuka refers to white sand, right? Uh, but what's a hard bubble...?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon can't figure it out. Where can we find that "taste of happiness"?
:'''Arasaka:''' W&mdash;Why are you asking me? Do you want to take the "taste of happiness" before I do? How scary...
:{{DIcon}} We only want to help you...
:{{DIcon}} Aah! Paimon, you're so scary!
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon just wants to help Arasaka!
:'''Arasaka:''' Help me? With what? I&mdash;I can get it myself...
:'''Arasaka:''' It's just that there are a lot of Nara walking about, and one that smells like Nara Valuka. Ugh... Too many Nara! I'm scared... If there were fewer Nara, I could do it then...
:'''Arasaka:''' ...Okay, true, I can't get it. I... don't dare to enter [[Gandharva Ville]]. There are too many Nara there, and all the dead trees. I'm scared.
:'''Arasaka:''' I have a Nara friend living inside. But a long, long time has passed. He's changed now and can't hear my voice.
:'''Paimon:''' So the "taste of happiness" you're talking about can actually be found in Gandharva Ville.
:'''Arasaka:''' The "taste of happiness" is not grown from the ground but made by Nara.
:'''Arasaka:''' I really want to taste it again. I still remember the first time I tasted it and how happy I was. It was an amazing, amazing taste.
:'''Arasaka:''' We were in the forest together with the Nara friend, counting the number of patches of sunlight that fell between the leaves.
:'''Arasaka:''' We sang together and tried the "taste of happiness" together. Every time I see the sunlight on branches, I will think of him. Every time I think of him, I remember the "taste of happiness."
:'''Arasaka:''' So, I want to let Arapacati taste it. And when Festival Utsava starts, I want Nara to taste it too.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon sees. Then leave it to {{Traveler}} and Paimon! Right, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} I want to have happiness too.
:{{DIcon}} Since I've promised Arapacati...
:'''Arasaka:''' Really? You are not lying to me?
:'''Paimon:''' Nope!
:'''Paimon:''' But there are so many people in Gandharva Ville! Who should we ask for clues?
:'''Arasaka:''' I know. Not long ago, I saw a Nara passing by here, {{color|buzzword|going to Gandharva Ville}}. And he had it with him.
:'''Arasaka:''' He had a bulging thing on his back. It's what Nara use to carry things.
:'''Paimon:''' A bulge on the back... Hm. {{color|buzzword|It is probably a bag or a back basket}}.
:'''Paimon:''' Got it! We'll help you find the "taste of happiness" now!

;(Interact with the Zaytun Peaches again)
:'''Arasaka:''' No, bad Nara! You're... You're not allowed to pick my peaches!

;(Interact with the Zaytun Peaches again)<!--Arasaka alternates between these 2 lines-->
:'''Arasaka:''' I said don't pick them! They're for the "taste of happiness"!

;(Talk to Arasaka again)
:'''Arasaka:''' H&mdash;How was it? Did you find the "taste of happiness"? It's in Gandharva Ville...
:'''Arasaka:''' There's a Nara with a bulging thing on his back. The "taste of happiness" must be inside...
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Help Arasaka get the "Taste of Happiness" to complete the "Supreme Delicacy."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the man with a backpack)
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, that person over there, could he be the one Arasaka mentioned?
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go over and ask!

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Iaanesh, optional)
:'''Iaanesh:''' (Fingers crossed that I can get as much sold as possible today...)

;(Talk to Iaanesh)
:'''Paimon:''' Hello!
:'''Iaanesh:''' Oh, hello... How can I help you?
:'''Paimon:''' Right, we actually want a certain thing...
:'''Iaanesh:''' Heh. Of course, everyone comes here to get "a certain thing." But just saying "a certain thing" doesn't mean I know what this "certain thing" is.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh... Paimon gets it. Let Paimon put it this way: We want...
:{{DIcon}} Something white and cubic...
:'''Iaanesh:''' White and cubic?
:'''Paimon:''' Right, and it crumbles like sand when crushed, and it has to be packed in a hard bubble!
:'''Iaanesh:''' What a peculiar description...
:'''Iaanesh:''' It's not clear what it is from what you said, but what does this white and cubic thing you've described do?
:'''Iaanesh:''' The use of the thing. You know what it's used for, right?
:{{DIcon}} It's edible...
::'''Iaanesh:''' An edible, white, and cubic thing...?
:{{DIcon}} It's for cooking...
::'''Iaanesh:''' Cooking, white, cubic... Is it a seasoning?
:'''Iaanesh:''' Oh! I know! I know what you want... Hahaha...
:'''Paimon:''' What's so funny!?
:'''Iaanesh:''' Aha, hahaha! White, cubic, crumbles when crushed, becomes sand... and can be eaten...
:'''Iaanesh:''' Isn't it just "sugar"!?
:'''Iaanesh:''' The hard bubble... Are you talking about the glass bottle that sugar is stored in? My goodness! Hard bubble! Hahahahaha...
:'''Paimon:''' What? So it's sugar...
:{{DIcon}} I'm a little embarrassed...
:{{DIcon}} This is awkward...
:'''Iaanesh:''' Ooh, I laughed so much I cried. I've focused on my business the past few years, and I don't even remember when was the last time I laughed like this...
:'''Iaanesh:''' Speaking of which, it's really nostalgic. I remember a long time ago, when I was still a child, I once had a friend who ate sugar for the first time, and the friend said similar things.
:'''Iaanesh:''' "This white cubic thing is delicious! So awesome! The taste of happiness!" He was really amazed then.
:'''Iaanesh:''' Haha... It was so long ago, and now that I think about it, I don't even remember what he looked like.
:'''Iaanesh:''' Oh! I'll give you this bottle of sugar as a gift in return for the laughter.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks.
:'''Iaanesh:''' Hold it carefully. The hard bubble might be hard, but it can still break if dropped. "Hard bubble"! Hahahahaha!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Sugar}})

;(After talking to Iaanesh)
:'''Paimon:''' So the "taste of happiness" is the sweetness of sugar...
:'''Paimon:''' It was a little embarrassing, but at least we got it in the end. Let's bring this bottle of sugar to Arasaka now!

;(Talk to Iaanesh again)
:'''Iaanesh:''' My family has always been a merchant group on the move, from [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]] to Sumeru. We import rare gemstones from [[Liyue]], then send spices over.
:'''Iaanesh:''' Once, because something came up... I can't remember. Anyway, my father left me in Gandharva Ville for a very long time.
:'''Iaanesh:''' I remember I was in the forest, and I made a friend. We ran around together, then...
:'''Iaanesh:''' I don't remember what happened later. I can't remember his name, or what he looked like...
:'''Iaanesh:''' I only remember it being a really happy time. Then my father finally came back, and picked me up. I'd also thought to go back and look for him but I never had the opportunity, and I eventually forgot about this experience.
:'''Iaanesh:''' If it wasn't for you asking me for sugar, I would have forgotten about all these things. Why would it be like this...
----
;(Talk to Arasaka)
:'''Paimon:''' Arasaka, this is the "taste of happiness" you wanted, right?
:'''Paimon:''' We brought it back from Gandharva Ville.
:;(Open item menu)
:'''Arasaka:''' That's the one! I didn't think you would get it so quickly... Is it real?
:'''Arasaka:''' You didn't just make something up to trick me, right?
:'''Paimon:''' It would be a miracle if we were able to make anything that made sense up from your description!
:'''Paimon:''' If you're worried, just try it yourself.
:'''Arasaka:''' ...You didn't put anything strange in it, did you?
:'''Paimon:''' Of course not! Hmph! If you're not trying it, we're gonna take it away.
:'''Arasaka:''' N&mdash;No, wait! Don't take it away. Let me... Let me try...
:'''Arasaka:''' Don't take it away, alright? I'll try it now, right now... Hmm...
:'''Arasaka:''' Ah, it's real... This is the "taste of happiness"! Hehe... This isn't the first time I tasted it, and yet I still feel happy.
:'''Arasaka:''' I didn't expect to ever taste this again... Ah, but...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:{{DIcon}} Is there something wrong?
:'''Arasaka:''' Well... How should I put this? The "taste of happiness" is the same as before. But for some reason, I don't feel as happy as the first time I tasted it...
:'''Paimon:''' Could it be that the sugar he gave us was not sweet enough?
:'''Arasaka:''' No, it's not a difference in the taste. But when I ate it with my friend in the past... That was the first time I tasted the "taste of happiness"...
:'''Arasaka:''' Somehow I feel that I was much happier back then. Why is that?
:'''Paimon:''' That's normal. Even if it's the same dish, the taste is different every time {{Traveler}} makes it...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's mood is different every time Paimon eats it too.
:{{DIcon}} Indeed.
:{{DIcon}} Really?
:'''Arasaka:''' No, it can't be... There must be a way for me to be as happy as then...
:'''Arasaka:''' I know! I had it with my friend at the time. So the "taste of happiness" has to be shared with friends for it to be delicious, right?
:'''Arasaka:''' That must be it. You are good Nara, and you found the "taste of happiness." You, are my friends. I'm going to make it for you.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, we're friends!

:'''Arasaka starts cooking right away and adds peaches and sugar into the pot...'''

:'''Arasaka then hands the finished product to you and Paimon.<br>As expected, it doesn't have much flavor other than the overwhelming "sweetness."<br>Maybe this is just the "taste of happiness"...'''

:'''Arasaka:''' Ah, what a happy flavor. It's exquisite.
:'''Paimon:''' Yes, this dish is quite...
:'''Paimon:''' Quite "happy."
:{{DIcon}} Too sweet...
:{{DIcon}} I need water.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks it's much too sweet too...
:'''Arasaka:''' R&mdash;Really? Oh, I guess I must've put too much in one go, then.
:'''Arasaka:''' But... Hehe. It's true that the "taste of happiness" is happier when shared with friends.
:'''Arasaka:''' It is different from the happiness I felt the first time I had it, but eating it with you guys... I feel a different kind of happiness.
:{{DIcon}} Well, as long as you're happy.
:{{DIcon}} I need water...
:'''Arasaka:''' I had doubts about you guys in the beginning, but you didn't hold any grudge... and you helped me find the "taste of happiness"...
:'''Arasaka:''' I was able to complete my Supreme Delicacy with your help and complete my cooking training...
:'''Paimon:''' It's nothing really...
:'''Arasaka:''' No, how is it nothing? You've helped me so much...
:'''Arasaka:''' That's right, I know! I'll teach you how to make this dish so you can share the "taste of happiness" with your friends.
:'''Paimon:''' (Hmm... If we modify the formula and add a little something extra, it should make a good snack...)
:;(Obtain [[Recipe: Selva Salad]])

;(Talk to Arasaka again)
:'''Arasaka:''' I&mdash;I now just have to let them taste this Supreme Delicacy and they will understand what the "taste of happiness" is.
:'''Arasaka:''' Arapacati will surely like it...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cooking, a Pleasant Memory
|zhs     = 料理是快乐的回忆
|zhs_rm  = Liàolǐ Shì Kuàilè de Huíyì
|zht     = 料理是快樂的回憶
|zht_rm  = Liàolǐ Shì Kuàilè de Huíyì
|zh_tl   = Cooking is a Happy Memory
|ja      = 料理は楽しい思い出
|ja_rm   = Ryouri wa Tanoshii Omoide
|ja_tl   = Cooking is a Pleasant Memory
|ko      = 요리는 즐거운 추억
|ko_tl   = Cooking is a Pleasant Memory
|es      = El sabor de los recuerdos
|es_tl   = The Taste of Memories
|fr      = La cuisine dans la joie
|fr_tl   = Cooking in Joy
|ru      = Еда - счастливое воспоминание
|ru_tl   = Food - A Happy Recollection
|th      = อาหารคือความทรงจำแสนสุข
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Món Ăn Là Hồi Ức Vui Vẻ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Kochen ist eine freudige Erinnerung
|de_tl   = The Cooking is a Happy Memory
|id      = Memasak, Ingatan yang Menyenangkan
|id_tl   = Cooking, A Happy Memory
|pt      = O prato é uma lembrança alegre
|pt_tl   = The Dish is a Happy Memory
|tr      = Yemek Pişirmek, Güzel Bir Anı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La cucina, un piacevole ricordo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}