{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11005
|image         = Story Quest Cooking Showdown.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Trulla Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 6
|act           = Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip
|character     = Xiangling
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|prev          = Present From the Past
|exp           = 225
|mora          = 8,475
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Teachings of Diligence|4}}{{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|10}}
|characters    = Brook;Draff;Olaf;Paimon;Siegfria;Traveler;Xiangling
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Cooking Showdown''' is the sixth and final part of [[Xiangling]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Trulla Chapter]]: Act I - [[Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip]].

==Steps==
#Return to Springvale for the Cooking Showdown
#Talk to Xiangling at the Cooking Showdown
#Help Xiangling during the Cooking Showdown
#Go to the lakeside and wash the Radish
##Give the [[Clean Radish|washed Radish]] to Xiangling
#Continue to help Xiangling
##Extinguish the pan fire
#Give the [[Chicken-Mushroom Skewer]] to Xiangling
#Find suitable ingredients
#* [[Butterfly Wings]], [[Frog]]s, or [[Lizard Tail]]s can be given as ingredients to Xiangling
#Ask Xiangling if she needs any more help
#Make [[Delicious Jade Parcels]]
#*She will provide you with the recipe.
#Give the Delicious Jade Parcels to Xiangling
#Talk to Draff and await the results
#Accept Xiangling's thanks

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After obtaining the rare ingredients, [[Xiangling]] is finally ready for the cook-off. The showdown between the two head chefs is about to begin.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Return to Springvale for the cooking showdown)
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 olaf 01.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' Uh... Are you sure this is Springvale?
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Yes. For the millionth time, yes! But I don't know any of the people you're looking for.
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 olaf 02.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' That is not possible, they all live in Springvale. They are my neighbors and friends.
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 draff 02.ogg}} '''Draff:''' This is strange, what is going on?
:{{DIcon}} Surely, it couldn't be...
:{{DIcon}} I think I see what's going on here.
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it?
:{{DIcon}} This hunter is also a survivor from 300 years ago.
::{{A|vo xllq006 1 paimon 02a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whaaaat!? Can humans really live that long?
:{{DIcon}} He's talking about Springvale a long, long time in the past.
::{{A|vo xllq006 1 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How long? ...Surely not hundreds of years!?
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Er... Does that really make sense?
:{{DIcon}} He and the boar were both frozen.
::{{A|vo xllq006 1 xiangling 02a.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Oh! Like the way that you keep food fresh!
:{{DIcon}} The ice kept him fresh all this time, like with your ingredients.
::{{A|vo xllq006 1 xiangling 02b.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee, it all makes sense now that you're speaking my language!
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 draff 03.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Still, it's hard to believe...
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But it doesn't seem like there's any other sensible explanation.
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 draff 04.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Okay so... What's your name?
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 olaf 03.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' Olaf.
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 draff 05.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Olaf? I'm sure I've seen that on my family tree!
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 draff 06.ogg}} '''Draff:''' I can't remember which generation it was from... but it was definitely on there.
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' So, a great-great-great-great grandfather, but with a whole load more greats?
:{{DIcon}} They don't look so distantly related.
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What an unusual turn of events!
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee, reunited at long last! Isn't that just amazing!?
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Olaf, do you want to come and watch a cooking competition?
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 draff 07.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Ah yes, that reminds me &mdash; Brook told me about the competition, and I've set everything up at the venue.
:{{A|vo xllq006 1 draff 08.ogg}} '''Draff:''' You should come with me.

----

;(Talk to Xiangling at the Cooking Showdown)
:{{A|vo xllq006 2 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' We're ready to cook. Are you?
:{{A|vo xllq006 2 brook 01.ogg}} '''Brook:''' I was born ready. Oh, and Siegfria will be my assistant for the competition.
:{{A|vo xllq006 2 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Then let the cooking commence! I will be your judge today.
:{{A|vo xllq006 2 draff 02.ogg}} '''Draff:''' And don't worry, I may have known Brook for longer, but I will remain entirely impartial.
:{{A|vo xllq006 2 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Much appreciated. Well then, (Traveler), Paimon &mdash; prepare!
:{{A|vo xllq006 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, we're taking part in this too?
:{{A|vo xllq006 2 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Of course! If Brook has an assistant, you guys will have to be mine. I'll need you by my side when the going gets tough!
:{{A|vo xllq006 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Paimon doesn't remember applying for that job...
:{{DIcon}} Well, I'm going to see this through.
:{{DIcon}} Ugh, I guess there's no backing out now...
:{{A|vo xllq006 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay. Paimon'll do it for the sake of the food.

;(Talk to Brook)
:{{A|vo dialog xllq006 brook 01.ogg}} '''Brook:''' What's this? Culinary espionage?
:{{A|vo dialog xllq006 brook 02.ogg}} '''Brook:''' Haha, well you don't stand a chance, anyway. I have the winning ingredients right here.

;(Talk to Draff)
:{{A|vo dialog xllq006 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Fusion cuisine that blends elements of Mondstadt and Liyue cooking... I am excited.

;(Talk to Olaf)
:{{A|vo dialog xllq006 olaf 01.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' I never knew cooking could be so complicated... The roast boar I am used to is quite basic by comparison!

;(Talk to Siegfria)
:{{A|vo dialog xllq006 siegfria 01.ogg}} '''Siegfria:''' Smells divine! ...One little bite can't hurt, surely?
:{{A|vo dialog xllq006 siegfria 02.ogg}} '''Siegfria:''' No, I mustn't... I'm here to help... eyes on the prize, eyes on the prize...

----

;(Help Xiangling during the cooking showdown)
:{{A|vo xllq006 3 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Our first problem is ingredients. We need something special to dress up the steak, but I don't have anything suitable here. Hmm...
:{{A|vo xllq006 3 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I've got it! Radish is what we need. Mashed or grated, it'll add a touch of freshness.
:{{A|vo xllq006 3 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' And we can carve little flowers out of it as a garnish. Two birds, one stone!
:{{A|vo xllq006 3 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Go find me a radish &mdash; there should be some in the area. Oh, and make sure you wash it because it's going straight into the dish!

;(Find some Radishes)
:{{A|vo dialog xllq006 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Go fetch me some radishes. And don't forget to wash them in the lake!
:{{A|vo xllq006 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on! Let's wash the radish in the lake.

;(Go to the lakeside and wash the Radish)
:{{A|vo xllq006 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eek! Slimes! Scared the bejeezers out of Paimon!
:{{A|vo xllq006 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is way too close to the venue! What if they stir up trouble during the competition?
:{{A|vo xllq006 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... I don't think we should risk it. (Traveler), go get 'em!

;(Giving the washed Radish to Xiangling)
:{{A|vo xllq006 7 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Wowee! Big and luscious. It's perfect. Thanks, you guys!
:{{A|vo xllq006 7 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Now, how about...
:{{A|vo xllq006 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Xiangling! Look out, the pan's on fire!
:{{A|vo xllq006 7 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Oh, no! It's gonna burn, it's gonna burn, it's gonna burn!!!
:{{A|vo xllq006 7 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' (Traveler), get the fire under control! Without using water though, or this dish is a goner!

;(Extinguish the pan fires)
:{{A|vo dialog xllq006 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Bring the fire down! It's gonna burn to a crisp!

;(If successfully extinguished the pan fires)
:{{A|vo xllq006 9 xiangling 01a.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Whew, thanks! That was a close call, but I had a little taste and I think we can get away with it.
;(If failed to extinguish the pan fires)
:{{A|vo xllq006 9 xiangling 01b.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Ugh, this is practically charcoal now... Wah, I'm gonna have to start from scratch.
:{{A|vo xllq006 9 xiangling 01b 1.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Also, I'm thinking our main is a little weak... We need to mix it up a bit.
:{{A|vo xllq006 9 xiangling 01b 2.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Make me a Chicken-Mushroom Skewer. And make sure it's got that ooh la-la on the outside, then hits you with a cha-ching in the middle!
:{{DIcon}} Did not understand that one bit.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, translate for me!
:{{A|vo xllq006 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just make it taste {{color|buzzword|friggin' awesome}}!

;(Cook a Delicious Chicken-Mushroom Skewer)
:{{A|vo dialog xllq006 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' ♪ Ooh la-la-la, cha-ching cha-ching. Ooh la-la-la, cha-ching cha-ching ♪

;(Give the Delicious Chicken-Mushroom Skewer to Xiangling)
:{{A|vo xllq006 11 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Mmm! (Traveler), you're a natural!
:{{A|vo xllq006 11 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' The meat is on track, but we're aiming for perfection here and I just think it lacks a certain...
:{{A|vo xllq006 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A certain what?
:{{A|vo xllq006 11 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' A certain... boom shaka-laka!
:{{A|vo xllq006 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes! Definitely needs some boom shaka-laka &mdash; or perhaps a little shaka-laka boom-pow!
:{{DIcon}} Again, how is this making sense to you!?
:{{DIcon}} Is that really from an obscure Liyue dialect or did you just make it up?
:{{A|vo xllq006 11 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I just mean it would be a waste of such amazing ingredients to just serve this as-is.
:{{A|vo xllq006 11 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Let me see... Hmm, what would be ideal is some kind of regional specialty.
:{{A|vo xllq006 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Regional specialty?
:{{A|vo xllq006 11 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Yes, something that's native to this area but isn't often used in cooking.
:{{A|vo xllq006 11 xiangling 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I don't care if it flies, crawls, or bounces. Even insects I can work with...
:{{A|vo xllq006 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, interesting choice...
:{{A|vo xllq006 11 xiangling 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hmm, I'm sure I can make something of it!
:{{A|vo xllq006 11 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright then...

;(While looking for a local specialty)
:{{A|vo xllq006 13 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Thanks, you guys! Now show me what you got!
:{{DIcon}} Let me keep looking...
::{{A|vo dialog xllq006 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Sorry to keep you running back and forth.
::{{A|vo dialog xllq006 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' What I need is a living being, one you wouldn't normally cook with.
::{{A|vo dialog xllq006 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' It can fly, it can crawl, or it can bounce. Even insects are fair game!
::{{A|vo dialog xllq006 xiangling 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' It might be a challenge to find... I'm sure you're up to it!

;(Ask Xiangling if she is satisfied with the ingredients)
:{{A|vo xllq006 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you really want to add that?
:{{A|vo xllq006 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a little... odd...
:{{A|vo xllq006 13 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' It'll be fine. This was an excellent find, guys! Now, if you'll excuse me, Chef Xiangling needs to concentrate.
:{{A|vo xllq006 13 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' But I'll be sure to annoy you again if I need anything else, hee-hee!
:{{A|vo xllq006 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks like Xiangling's main dish is almost done. Let's go and see.

;(Ask Xiangling if she needs any more help)
:{{A|vo xllq006 15 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I almost forgot &mdash; side dish! We need a side dish!
:{{DIcon}} Allow me!
::{{A|vo xllq006 15 xiangling 02a.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Are you sure it's no trouble?
:{{DIcon}} You'd make me do it even if I didn't offer...
::{{A|vo xllq006 15 xiangling 02b.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Thanks! Hee-hee, you know me too well.
:{{A|vo xllq006 15 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Here, take this. I just scrawled it down at the last minute.
:{{A|vo xllq006 15 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' And here are all the ingredients you need.
:{{A|vo xllq006 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this the {{color|buzzword|recipe}} for that snack you gave us earlier!?
:{{A|vo xllq006 15 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Yes, with some minor improvements so it uses up the leftover ingredients from Liyue.
:{{A|vo xllq006 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is so complicated... How are we supposed to cook this with no experience?
:{{A|vo xllq006 15 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' The technique doesn't matter &mdash; what matters is that you do it with passion! That's what [[Chef Mao|my father]] taught me.
:{{A|vo xllq006 15 xiangling 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' And you must be passionate about cooking if you've helped me this much already.
:{{A|vo xllq006 15 xiangling 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I trust you guys. I know you'll nail this side dish!
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::{{A|vo xllq006 15 xiangling 09a.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Confident, I like it!
:{{DIcon}} I hope I don't cramp your style...
::{{A|vo xllq006 15 xiangling 09b 1.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Don't be so negative. Cooking is fun! Just relax and enjoy it.
:{{A|vo xllq006 15 xiangling 09b 2.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Come on, this is the final push!

;(Give the Delicious Jade Parcels to Xiangling)
:{{A|vo xllq006 17 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Mmm! They're so fragrant I could smell them coming a mile away.
:{{A|vo xllq006 17 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' We're all set! And now to serve the meal &mdash; this competition is ours!

----

;(Talk to Draff and await the results)
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' This was a fine feast. I have dined today like I have never dined before.
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 draff 02.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Both chefs' dishes today were nothing short of exceptional. They were true masterpieces. And that is what makes this an extremely difficult decision.
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 draff 03.ogg}} '''Draff:''' But, this is a competition and there can only be one winner &mdash; and that winner is...
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 draff 04.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Xiangling!
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Whoopee! I win!
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 brook 01.ogg}} '''Brook:''' *sigh* I thought I was sure to win with pork chops so fresh they were practically still grunting.
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 brook 02.ogg}} '''Brook:''' But it turns out that's still no match for the taste of extinct boar.
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 draff 05.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Excuse me? Did you say this was cooked from extinct boar!?
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Yep, every last bit!
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 draff 06.ogg}} '''Draff:''' My goodness... A single mouthful must be worth a hundred thousand Mora!
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 draff 07.ogg}} '''Draff:''' The amount you'd make if you sold this could support every hunter in town for years to come!
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee, the main thing is that you enjoyed eating it. I don't care about the Mora.
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Anyway, now that our judge has given his verdict, it's time for everyone else to eat too. I made plenty!
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Meanwhile, I want to try Brook's dish.
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 brook 03.ogg}} '''Brook:''' This is absolutely delicious... I'll admit it, I was beaten by the best.
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 siegfria 01.ogg}} '''Siegfria:''' Losing is no fun, but it was worth it for the chance to eat such superb cooking! Please Xiangling, I want some more!
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' This is gorgeous too! Such a perfectly layered texture.
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 xiangling 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Were it not for that exquisite boar and excellent side dish, it's hard to say if I still would have won.
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's turn to eat!
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 olaf 01.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' I will have a taste too.
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 olaf 02.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' Oh... My oh my... This is...
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 olaf 03.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' This is the taste of Springvale! ...Or rather... it used to be.
:{{DIcon}} It tastes so good I want to weep tears of joy.
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 olaf 04.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' *sob* This is the last time I will be able to taste the food of my era...
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 xiangling 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hey now... Cheer up, if you like the taste I can always make you some more!
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 olaf 05.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' ...Really? But the boar... it's extinct...
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 xiangling 09.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' The boar may be, but the taste isn't! I can simply recreate it using different ingredients.
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 xiangling 10.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Putting a smile on customers' faces is what we chefs are called to do!
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 olaf 06.ogg}} '''Olaf:''' Th&mdash;Thank you... *sob*
:{{A|vo xllq006 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A good time was had by all. But everyone's gone now, let's go and say goodbye to Xiangling.

----

;(Accept Xiangling's thanks)
:{{A|vo xllq006 19 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Thanks, you guys. Without your help, I don't know how it would have gone today.
:{{A|vo xllq006 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And without you, Paimon wouldn't have gotten to try so many new tasty snacks!
:{{A|vo xllq006 19 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also wouldn't have gotten so full...
:{{DIcon}} Where will you go now?
:{{A|vo xllq006 19 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Not sure. I'll probably start heading back to Liyue, but I might change my plan on the way.
:{{A|vo xllq006 19 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I don't like to plan things too thoroughly.
:{{A|vo xllq006 19 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Who knows, maybe you'll bump into me out in the wild again!
:{{A|vo xllq006 19 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Must be nice to be so carefree.
:{{A|vo xllq006 19 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' You are a gifted chef, (Traveler). You made an amazing batch of Jade Parcels.
:{{A|vo xllq006 19 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Come and visit me at the Wanmin Restaurant some time. I did promise I'd cook for you!
:{{A|vo xllq006 19 xiangling 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' And if you want, I'll teach you how to cook some of my latest inventions too.
:{{DIcon}} It's a deal!
::{{A|vo xllq006 19 xiangling 08a.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' You have a deal!
:{{DIcon}} I'll pass on the slime jus though...
::{{A|vo xllq006 19 xiangling 08b.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' How did you know what dish I was thinking of!?
:{{A|vo xllq006 19 xiangling 09.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee, see you again soon, (Traveler)!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cooking Showdown
|zhs     = 料理对决
|zhs_rm  = Liàolǐ Duìjué
|zht     = 料理對決
|zht_rm  = Liàolǐ Duìjué
|zh_tl   = Cooking Showdown
|ja      = 料理対決
|ja_rm   = Ryouri Taiketsu
|ja_tl   = Cooking Showdown
|ko      = 요리 대결
|ko_rm   = Yori Daegyeol
|ko_tl   = Cooking Contest
|es      = Duelo culinario
|es_tl   = Culinary Duel
|fr      = Duel de cuisine
|fr_tl   = Cooking Duel
|ru      = Кулинарный поединок
|ru_tl   = Culinary Duel
|th      = ศึกดวลปรุงอาหาร
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thi Đấu Ẩm Thực
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Duell der Gerichte
|de_tl   = The Dish Duel
|id      = Duel Memasak
|id_tl   = Cooking Duel
|pt      = Duelo Culinário
|pt_tl   = Culinary Duel
|tr      = Aşçılık Kapışması
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Duello di cucina
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}