{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73020
|image         = World Quest Cooking the Flavor of Nature.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = An Unwavering Culinary Dream
|part          = 2
|requirement   = Complete [[The World of Aranara]]
|characters    = Arachatora; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Vissudha Field]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Vissudha Field
|prev          = An Unwavering Culinary Dream (Quest)
|next          = Cooking, a Pleasant Memory
|next2         = Cooking, the Aroma of Homecoming
|next3         = Cooking, the Beauty of Sharing
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Primogem*40;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4;Recipe: Mushroom Hodgepodge*1
}}
'''''Cooking, the Flavor of Nature''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the series [[An Unwavering Culinary Dream]]. It is automatically obtained after completing the previous World Quest, ''An Unwavering Culinary Dream''.

==Steps==
# Look for a rising pillar of smoke
# Use Dendro to heal the [[Aranara]]
# Look for the "Head Mushroom"
# Neutralize the [[Withering Zone]] and pick the Head Mushroom
# Return to [[Arachatora]]'s pot

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|update|You received a commission from Arapacati in Vanarana to help look for her brothers who are practicing cooking. Do as Arapacati says and look for the rising pillars of smoke.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''???:''' *whimper*
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, that Aranara... According to Arapacati, we should splat him with {{color|buzzword|the power of Dendro}}!

;(After applying Dendro to the Aranara)
:'''???:''' *whimper*
:'''???:''' Aah! It's Nara.
:'''???:''' *cough* I'm sorry that Nara had to see me in such a messy state.
:'''Arachatora:''' Kind Nara, I'm Arachatora. You are?
:{{DIcon}} I'm {{Traveler}}.
:'''Paimon:''' And Paimon's name is Paimon!
:'''Arachatora:''' Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon, I see. Thank you so much. If fate hadn't brought us together, it would have taken me much longer to recover.
:'''Paimon:''' How long is a little longer?
:'''Arachatora:''' I'm ashamed to admit that something like this happened once before because of bad mushrooms. The [[Nilotpala Lotus]]es in the water bloomed and closed, twice, before I recovered.
:'''Paimon:''' Bloomed and closed... Doesn't that take two days!?
:'''Arachatora:''' Ah, two days. I see, so that's what a day means. You Nara are really interesting. Are two days long or short?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... What do you think, {{Traveler}}? Is it long or short?
:{{DIcon}} Long, I suppose.
::'''Paimon:''' Uh-huh, Paimon can't imagine how Arachatora whimpered for two days straight.
::'''Arachatora:''' Really? So it's a very long time...
:{{DIcon}} Short, I suppose.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... True. Come to think of it, we've known each other for a long time, but it feels like we met just yesterday.
::'''Arachatora:''' Really? That's relieving. So losing control for two days in the forest isn't very long.
::'''Paimon:''' That's not what we meant!
:{{DIcon}} It depends on what the time was used for.
::'''Paimon:''' Well... that's true. Two whole days of whimpering is very long, but two whole days in a forest boar's life is very short.
::'''Arachatora:''' Really? So it's a very long time...
:{{DIcon}} Time is subjective and meaningless.
::'''Arachatora:''' Yes, Nara {{Traveler}}, you understand the principles of the forest well. To the forest, life is born, life grows, and life returns to the earth... All these don't need such concept as a "day."
::'''Paimon:''' You're not making much sense to Paimon...
:'''Paimon:''' But if you're Arachatora... Aren't you related to Arapacati?
:'''Arachatora:''' Nope.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? But... You're Arapacati's older brother, right?
:'''Arachatora:''' Oh, how did you know? Arapacati is my "younger sister."
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon is confused...
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps it's different for Aranara...
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, let us bring you up to speed...
:{{Black Screen|You bring Arachatora up to speed on the events so far...}}
:'''Arachatora:''' Festival Utsava is coming again... What should I do...
:'''Arachatora:''' I haven't had the most important cooking ingredient yet. Festival Utsava should be the best time to prove the greatness of mushroom dishes to Arasaka, Arapas, and Araphala.
:'''Paimon:''' So, Aras... spa... ara...
:{{DIcon}} Arasaka, Arapas, and Araphala.
:'''Paimon:''' Ahhh! Aranara names are so difficult! Arachatora, where're your brothers?
:'''Arachatora:''' We drifted apart on our paths of training, just like a river branches into streams.
:{{DIcon}} So you split apart, right?
:'''Arachatora:''' We train to cook the supreme delicacy, but they refuse to acknowledge mushroom dishes &mdash; how could they not see that the Head Mushroom is unmatched!
:'''Arachatora:''' Anyway, we decided to complete our own dishes and compete with each other later.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon totally understands the pursuit of delicious food!
:'''Paimon:''' So, where's your Head Mushroom?
:'''Arachatora:''' [[Marana]] has been spreading rapidly. Even the Head Mushroom's habitat has been taken over.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, the Withering Zone... Paimon hopes [[Rana]] is doing okay.
:'''Arachatora:''' Its withering claws have probably taken the precious mushroom there. I'm sure you're aware how very, very dangerous Marana's territory is.
:'''Arachatora:''' Without the Head Mushroom, I could only try the strange mushroom that no Aranara has ever tasted before.
:'''Paimon:''' And?
:{{DIcon}} And we witnessed the outcome of it.
:{{DIcon}} The whimpering.
:'''Arachatora:''' How embarrassing...
:'''Paimon:''' Now that Paimon thinks about it, The Withering... Uh, Marana... We've dealt with it before, right?
:{{DIcon}} Barely broke a sweat.
:{{DIcon}} Barely got out alive.
:'''Arachatora:''' Whoa, unbelievable! You can fight Marana.
:'''Arachatora:''' Well, it does make sense. Since Nara {{Traveler}} could heal me with the power of [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]], then removing the effect of Marana shouldn't be a problem.
:'''Arachatora:''' So, I want to ask Nara {{Traveler}} to come with me to the Head Mushroom's habitat.
:'''Paimon:''' It's our chance to taste an extremely delicious mushroom dish! {{Traveler}}, let's help him, so that these siblings can get back together!
:{{DIcon}} We did give Arapacati our word.
:{{DIcon}} You're just doing it for the food.
::'''Paimon:''' We're killing two birds with one stone! What's wrong with that?
:'''Arachatora:''' Alright, it's in the cave ahead. Please come with me.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Help Arachatora get the "Head Mushroom" to complete the "Supreme Delicacy."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the cave)
:'''Arachatora:''' After I found the Head Mushroom, I took in its aroma and touched its cap every time I passed by. I imagined how good it would taste once it was all grown up.
:'''Arachatora:''' Cooking it into a delicious dish for [[Nara Varuna]] is the final goal of my cooking training.

;(Defeat the 2 [[Ruin Sentinel]]s and activate the mechanism first to lower the water level inside the cave)

;(Enter the cave)
:'''Arachatora:''' The aura of The Withering is growing stronger. It feels horrible. I hope the Head Mushroom is fine...

;(Approach the Head Mushroom)
:'''Paimon:''' Is that the Head Mushroom?
:'''Arachatora:''' The Head Mushroom is over there! And it looks fine, too!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, let's neutralize the The Withering Zone! For the Mushroom!

;(Interact with the Head Mushroom before clearing the Withering Zone)
:'''Head Mushroom:''' (It does look a little larger than a normal Shroom-Kin. It's best to pick it later once the Withering Zone has been eliminated...)

;(Interact with the Head Mushroom after clearing the Withering Zone)
:'''Arachatora:''' Ahh! The Head Mushroom I've always been dreaming about.
:'''Arachatora:''' Head Mushroom, would you still be the same without your sweet scent?
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe... This mushroom does smell really good.
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's get out!

;(After talking to Arachatora)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, what's so special about the Head Mushroom anyway?
:'''Arachatora:''' The Head Mushroom is a head of mushroom.
:'''Paimon:''' What difference does that make? Oh, Paimon knows! It's a mushroom the size of a head, right?
:'''Arachatora:''' Hmm... probably?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? What do you mean by probably?
----
;(Approach the pot)
:'''Arachatora:''' I'm so lucky to have met both of you.
:'''Arachatora:''' It's the smell of a fully matured Head Mushroom. It's richer than ever.
:'''Arachatora:''' So, you grew well even when Marana took over your habitat. You're amazing.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, so... Can we taste it?
:'''Arachatora:''' Of course. Putting aside how you've helped me, serving the most delicious mushroom dish to Nara again has always been the goal of my cooking training.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh yeah! Head Mushroom!
:{{Black Screen|Arachatora immediately starts cooking...<br>The fresh aroma of the mushroom bursts out from the pot.}}
:{{Black Screen|Once it's ready, Arachatora serves it to you and Paimon.<br>Should it be considered disappointing? Or conforming to expectations? Because it's tasteless.<br>Besides that, it's filled with vitality and too tough to the point of being difficult to chew.}}
:'''Arachatora:''' ...It's done. My cooking training has finally been completed successfully. What do you think? I'm sure it's the best delicacy to a Nara.
:'''Paimon:''' *nom nom* *gulp* Uh... how should Paimon put this...
:{{DIcon}} *chew forcefully*
::{{DIcon}} *swallow forcefully*
:::{{DIcon}} It's edible. If you try hard enough.
:::{{DIcon}} At least it isn't poisonous.
:::{{DIcon}} It's a little too early for me to have something like this.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... It's a very fragrant mushroom indeed, but its texture and taste don't really suit us.
:'''Arachatora:''' Huh?
:'''Arachatora:''' How could this be? When I served it to the other Nara from before, {{MC|m=she|f=he}} said it was good.
:'''Paimon:''' From before?
:'''Arachatora:''' I served my mushroom dish to a Nara some time ago, and because it was so good, {{MC|m=she|f=he}} swallowed it with so much vigor.
:'''Arachatora:''' It should be fine.
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Arachatora:''' Oh, just like every Aranara grows different leaves, the taste of the mushroom may not suit all Nara.
:'''Paimon:''' Right... Speaking of leaves... Are Aranara not afraid of fire? You look like you're covered in leaves...
:'''Arachatora:''' Of course it's scary. Forest fires sometimes raze entire forests until only barren ground remains.
:'''Arachatora:''' But it's for my cooking training, so keeping my fear at bay and controlling the temperature of the flames is also a part of my training.
:'''Paimon:''' So that's how it is... Anyway, guess it's time to go back. Arapacati is waiting for you guys!
:'''Arachatora:''' Yes, I'll head back to Vanarana immediately. I can't keep my precious sister worrying about me.
:'''Arachatora:''' As for the others... Arasaka, Arapas, and Araphala are around {{color|buzzword|Gandharva Ville}}, {{color|buzzword|Apam Woods}}, and {{color|buzzword|Devantaka Mountain}}.
:'''Arachatora:''' Thank you. Golden Nara {{Traveler}} is dazzling like the sun, and Paimon is quite amazing, too. I'll leave my sister's request to you.
:'''Paimon:''' Why is Paimon only quite amazing!?
:'''Arachatora:''' Oh, don't worry about that... Anyway, I don't know how to repay you for all the help you've given me...
:'''Arachatora:''' Hmm... I've decided to give you my Supreme Delicacy's recipe. Perhaps you'll grow fond of its taste as you age.
:'''Paimon:''' ({{Traveler}}, if Paimon modifies this recipe a little, it should be able to become a pretty good original dish!)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Recipe: Mushroom Hodgepodge}})

;(Talk to Arachatora again)
:'''Arachatora:''' I'm so happy that I was able to gather the Head Mushroom, complete my cooking training, and get to know a strong and reliable Nara.
:'''Arachatora:''' Arapacati, Arasaka, Arapas, and Araphala will be grateful too. Nara {{Traveler}}, you're a good Nara.
:{{DIcon}} Grateful? Why?
:'''Arachatora:''' Because by helping me, you've given them a chance to taste the Head Mushroom.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cooking, the Flavor of Nature
|zhs     = 料理是自然的风味
|zhs_rm  = Liàolǐ Shì Zìrán de Fēngwèi
|zht     = 料理是自然的風味
|zht_rm  = Liàolǐ Shì Zìrán de Fēngwèi
|zh_tl   = Cooking is the Flavor of Nature
|ja      = 料理は自然の味
|ja_rm   = Ryouri wa Shizen no Aji
|ja_tl   = Cooking is the Flavor of Nature
|ko      = 요리는 자연<->의 맛
|ko_tl   = Cooking is the Taste of Nature
|es      = El sabor de la naturaleza
|es_tl   = The Taste of Nature
|fr      = La saveur de la nature
|fr_tl   = The Taste of Nature
|ru      = Еда - это естественный вкус природы
|ru_tl   = Food is the Natural Flavor of Nature
|th      = อาหารคือรสชาติของธรรมชาติ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Món Ăn Là Hương Vị Của Tự Nhiên
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Kochen ist der Geschmack der Natur
|de_tl   = The Cooking is the Taste of Nature
|id      = Memasak, Rasa Kealamian
|id_tl   = Cooking, The Taste of Nature
|pt      = O prato tem um sabor de Anemo
|pt_tl   = The Dish has an Anemo Flavor
|tr      = Yemek Pişirmek, Doğanın Tadı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La cucina, il sapore della natura
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}