{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11001
|image         = Story Quest Cooking Appointment.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Trulla Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip
|character     = Xiangling
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|prev          = Little Chef on a Hunt
|next          = Secret Ingredient
|exp           = 125
|mora          = 4,650
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|2}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Draff;Brook;Paimon;Traveler;Xiangling
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Cooking Appointment''' is the second part of [[Xiangling]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Trulla Chapter]]: Act I - [[Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip]].

==Steps==
# Go with Xiangling to [[Springvale]]
# Apologize to Draff
# Catch up to Xiangling
# Talk to Xiangling at the source of the aroma

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|While out on a stroll, you bumped into a strange girl. This girl, a chef from [[Liyue]] by the name of [[Xiangling]], is on a journey to seek out exotic ingredients. She enlists your help in a hunt, but your private hunting expedition appears to have earned the ire of [[Draff]], the leader of the hunters. You head off to apologize to him...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Apologize to Draff)
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' You must be Xiangling.
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Sorry Mr. Draff, this was all my fault.
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 draff 02.ogg}} '''Draff:''' I heard the whole story. And now that you're here in person...
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, he's gonna let her have it!
:{{DIcon}} Violence is not the answer!
:{{DIcon}} If you're looking for a fight, bring it on!
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 draff 03.ogg}} '''Draff:''' ...Please help me promote my meat!
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' ...Eh?
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 draff 04.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Sorry if I was a little brash. Let me explain.
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 draff 05.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Springvale has built its reputation on top-quality meat products, but this reputation is so far limited to Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 draff 06.ogg}} '''Draff:''' When I heard that the great maestro Xiangling herself was in Mondstadt, I asked Allan to send you over.
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maestro?
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 draff 07.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Haven't you heard? She's the one behind Wanmin Restaurant, that one-of-a-kind folk cuisine restaurant in Liyue Harbor.
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 draff 08.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Her unique take on cooking ingredients is behind some of the best-loved dishes in all of Liyue. They are very highly rated by travelers, too.
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee, you're too kind. I just try to cook things that are cheap and cheerful.
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 draff 09.ogg}} '''Draff:''' With a top-notch chef cooking top-notch cuisine with top-notch meat from Springvale... Our reputation would spread far and wide.
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hmm... I don't know...
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I only ever think about how to make tasty dishes... I never limit myself to specific ingredients, and I don't know the first thing about promoting anything.
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 draff 10.ogg}} '''Draff:''' You use boar meat all the time anyway, surely? I can't see what the issue is.
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' The issue is... What would you think if I added a bit of Slime Condensate?
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 draff 11.ogg}} '''Draff:''' That's... I mean, couldn't you add something a bit more normal?
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 xiangling 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' There's no such thing as "normal" ingredients to me! You can turn anything into a delicacy if you cook it in the right way.
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 xiangling 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I will not stand for having my creativity shackled by what ingredients I can and can't use! Food cooked like that is destined to be boring, period!
:{{DIcon}} That escalated quickly...
:{{DIcon}} Celebrity chefs are known to be somewhat strong-minded...
:{{A|vo xllq002 2 draff 12.ogg}} '''Draff:''' *sigh* Well, since you feel so strongly about it, forget it. But it really is a pity...

;(Catch up to Xiangling)
:{{A|vo xllq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know, we did come to apologize... Couldn't you be a little more flexible?
:{{A|vo xllq002 3 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' It's one thing to apologize, but it's another thing entirely to change the way I approach cooking.
:{{A|vo xllq002 3 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Mmm, what's that smell?
:{{A|vo xllq002 3 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' It's gorgeous!

;(Talk to Xiangling at the source of the aroma)
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 xiangling 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hello, may I have a taste of your delicious cooking?
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 brook 01.ogg}} '''Brook:''' Sorry, I've taken all the orders I can for the next few days. The earliest I could put you down for is seven days from now, is that okay?
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, it must be delicious if it's that popular.
:{{DIcon}} Odd... This woman is clearly a very popular chef...
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, good point. Why does Draff want Xiangling to help when Springvale already has this lady?
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 brook 02.ogg}} '''Brook:''' Hmm... Maybe he feels that Mondstadt cuisine can't compete with that of Teyvat's biggest business hub, Liyue Harbor.
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 brook 03.ogg}} '''Brook:''' But I disagree! I don't think my cooking is at all inferior to anyone else's.
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 xiangling 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Well then... Show me what you got! Maybe I can give you some feedback.
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 brook 04.ogg}} '''Brook:''' Sorry, but customer feedback like "Oh, that tasted good" is no use to me. If I wanted feedback I would ask a professional chef&mdash; Hang on, are you... Xiangling!?
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 xiangling 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' That's me!
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 brook 05.ogg}} '''Brook:''' It's really you! Well, I guess you do know what you're doing when it comes to cooking meat then.
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 brook 06.ogg}} '''Brook:''' As it happens, I have one of today's prime cuts remaining. So tell me, how would you cook this?
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 xiangling 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' That depends on the ratio of fat to meat. With this cut, I would probably roast it over a hot stone with a little salt, some Jueyun Chili, and Qingxin flower.
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 brook 07.ogg}} '''Brook:''' Qingxin flower!? But the melted fat would make the flavor of the flowers ten times stronger than when eaten raw... It would overpower everything!
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 xiangling 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I know, that's why it's a garnish &mdash; I would never marinate the meat in it!
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 xiangling 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I've tried it before. If you baste the petals in oil and then cook them with the right heat and duration, it gets rid of the bitterness completely and leaves you with a lovely crispy topping.
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 xiangling 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Then throw in some Jueyun Chilis grown at a high altitude, where the low humidity and varying temperature lends them a unique dry heat.
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 xiangling 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' The petals absorb the saltiness from the sea salt, the chili spice, and the umami of the tender, freshly grilled steak, while also adding a floral aftertaste.
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 brook 08.ogg}} '''Brook:''' That's pure overkill! You're going all out on the trimmings and doing no justice to the meat whatsoever.
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 brook 09.ogg}} '''Brook:''' Who wants to eat a roast when you can taste everything except the roast?
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa whoa whoa, stop arguing!
:{{DIcon}} I don't think they can hear anyone but themselves...
:{{DIcon}} I guess this is a sort of culinary clash of the titans.
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 xiangling 09.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hmph. Well, there's only one sure-fire way out of a cooking dispute...
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 xiangling 10.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I declare a cook-off!
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 brook 10.ogg}} '''Brook:''' Suits me! If you can't beat my cooking, it'll show that Draff was clearly wrong about you.
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 xiangling 11.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Alright &mdash; but if I win, you have to use my winning dish to promote Springvale!
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 brook 11.ogg}} '''Brook:''' And if you lose, you have to add my winning dish to the Wanmin menu!
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 brook 12.ogg}} '''Brook:''' With a caption saying "This special addition to the Wanmin menu is generously provided by Chef Brook of Springvale, meat expert." Hmph!
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 xiangling 12.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' You have a deal!
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 xiangling 13.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I'm off to get ingredients &mdash; I will see you all in Liyue!
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait! Waaait!
:{{A|vo xllq002 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), let's try and catch up.
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cooking Appointment
|zhs     = 料理之约
|zhs_rm  = Liàolǐ zhī Yuē
|zht     = 料理之約
|zht_rm  = Liàolǐ zhī Yuē
|zh_tl   = Appointment of Cooking
|ja      = 料理の約束
|ja_rm   = Ryouri no Yakusoku
|ja_tl   = Cooking Appointment
|ko      = 요리의 약속
|ko_rm   = Yori-ui Yaksok
|ko_tl   = Appointment of Cooking
|es      = Cita para cocinar
|es_tl   = Cooking Appointment
|fr      = Rendez-vous en cuisine
|fr_tl   = Appointment in the Kitchen
|ru      = Вкусное свидание
|ru_tl   = Tasty Appointment
|th      = นัดทำอาหารแสนอร่อย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Giao Ước Nấu Ăn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine leckere Verabredung
|de_tl   = A Tasty Meeting
|id      = Janji Memasak
|id_tl   = Cooking Promise
|pt      = Agendamento Culinário
|pt_tl   = Culinary Appointment
|tr      = Aşçılık Randevusu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Appuntamento culinario
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}