{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73021
|image         = World Quest Cooking the Aroma of Homecoming.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = An Unwavering Culinary Dream
|part          = 2.2
|characters    = Arapas; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Apam Woods]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ashavan Realm
|subarea       = Apam Woods
|prev          = Cooking, the Flavor of Nature
|next          = A Delicacy for Nara
|concurrent    = Cooking, a Pleasant Memory
|concurrent2   = Cooking, the Beauty of Sharing
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Primogem*30;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2;Recipe: Masala Cheese Balls*1
}}

'''''Cooking, the Aroma of Homecoming''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the series [[An Unwavering Culinary Dream]]. It is automatically obtained after completing the previous World Quest, ''Cooking, the Flavor of Nature''.

==Steps==
# Look for [[Arapas]]
# Investigate the pot emitting the aroma
# Obtain {{Item|Living Spring|text="Living Spring"}}
# Give Living Spring to Arapas

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|According to Arachatora, his brother Arapas is doing "cooking training" close to Apam Woods. Look for a pillar of smoke near Apam Woods!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Mmm... That smells so good! Is someone cooking around here?

;(Interact with the leaf - Optional)
:'''Leaf With Careless Penmanship:''' (A huge leaf. Someone has written on it with messy handwriting...)
:'''Leaf With Careless Penmanship:''' "...The 17th time frost covered the leaves. After some tests, I noticed that water from tributaries is filled with sand and mud. It has an earthen taste. Not acceptable."
:'''Leaf With Careless Penmanship:''' "...The 30th time frost covered the leaves. It's raining again. Not acceptable."
:'''Leaf With Careless Penmanship:''' "...The 60th time frost covered the leaves. After some tests, I noticed that water from a river's main stem makes much more aromatic soup, but it still isn't enough. Not acceptable."
:'''Leaf With Careless Penmanship:''' "...The 80th time frost covered the leaves. It rained as soon as I finished my soup. Luckily, I wore a hat. Hmm, the quality of this water isn't bad."

;(Investigate the cooking pot)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, what's cooking in there? Paimon's mouth is watering from just a whiff of it!
:'''Paimon:''' It looks like some kind of soup. Hmm... Paimon can't tell what's inside...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}...
:{{DIcon}} What is it?
:'''Paimon:''' The person cooking it isn't here, and it smells so good. Let's have a mouthful while it's left unattended.
:{{DIcon}} Let's do it...
::'''Paimon:''' Yay!
:{{DIcon}} We shouldn't...
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon is just so curious. Uh, Paimon will just take one mouthful, just one!
::{{DIcon}} What if you get a tummy ache after?
::'''Paimon:''' Hmph! Don't you underestimate Paimon!
:{{Black Screen|The pot is smaller than it looks.<br>The soup within it is all gone just like that.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Ahh... Huh? It smells good, but why doesn't Paimon taste anything?
:'''???:''' Great Aramuhukunda! What are you Nara doing!?
:'''Paimon:''' Ar&mdash;Aranara? Where on earth did you come from?
:'''Arapas:''' From underground! Forget that, why are you drinking my soup? Arapas worked very hard on that!
:{{DIcon}} Sorry...
::'''Paimon:''' Sorry...
::'''Arapas:''' Hmph! You stole my soup! Sorry won't cut it!
:{{DIcon}} It... It was Paimon...
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! {{Traveler}}, how could you betray Paimon like that!?
::'''Arapas:''' I don't care who drank it! My soup is gone!
:'''Arapas:''' Do you know how difficult it is to make soup here? One minute it's rainy; one minute it's sunny.
;(If the player has not completed [[Varuna Gatha]])
::'''Arapas:''' I finally managed to make this pot of soup, but while I was away picking Fresh [[Harra Fruit]]s, you...
::'''Paimon:''' It smelled too good to resist...
;(If the player has completed [[Varuna Gatha]])
::'''Arapas:''' Hmm... Speaking of which, [[Varuna Contraption]] has been much more stable lately, and the weather has become normal again...
::'''Paimon:''' Actually, it was us...
::'''Arapas:''' Hmph! I'm sure it was a good Nara like that Nara who repaired Varuna Contraption! It wasn't soup thieves like the two of you...
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, don't be so mean! It just smelled too good to resist...
:'''Paimon:''' But if it's that difficult, why are you cooking here?
:'''Arapas:''' Hmph! The key to cooking must be collected every day, which is...
:{{DIcon}} Your pride as a chef?
:{{DIcon}} The will to never forget your dreams?
:'''Arapas:''' Water! It's water! Water has a huge impact on the aroma of my soup. So it has to be made with the best water!
:'''Arapas:''' I've been collecting water throughout Apam Woods to make soup with. After collecting water samples as numerous as the leaves on a tree, I finally found the best "Living Spring."
:'''Arapas:''' It's the only water source fit for [[Festival Utsava]]'s supreme delicacy! You wouldn't get it even if I told you... Only that Nara from before...
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, [[Arapacati]] sent us...
:{{Black Screen|You bring Arapas up to speed on the events so far...}}
:'''Arapas:''' Ah, you're Nara friends of my sister! And Festival Utsava is coming!
:'''Arapas:''' It's fine. I've found Living Spring, and my Supreme Delicacy is complete. It's in this pot... Oh, right...
:'''Arapas:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh-hehe... Don't be sad, at least your soup was really aromatic...
:'''Arapas:''' Ah! My Living Spring! "Apshvaana" live at its source. I waited so long for them to leave and only collected a pot of it...
:'''Arapas:''' No! You must get me another pot of Living Spring!
:'''Paimon:''' "Apshvaana"? What's that?
:'''Arapas:''' Hmph! You Nara really know nothing about the forest. They live in the water, and they have four legs, a tail, and they bite.
:'''Paimon:''' ...Dogs?
:{{DIcon}} Dogs don't live in the water.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps Oceanid Dogs?
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, right. Then what's an "Apshvaana"?
:'''Arapas:''' Forget that! I want my water! And I want Living Spring from there in particular!
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, alright... {{Traveler}}, we don't have a choice here. Let's go...
:{{DIcon}} Right.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
:'''Arapas:''' It must be Living Spring and no other!

;(Talk to Arapas again)
:'''Arapas:''' My soup... *sob* How could this happen...
:{{DIcon}} (Leave quietly...)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Help Arapas get the "Living Spring" to complete the "Supreme Delicacy."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the spring)
:'''Paimon:''' ...A&mdash;Are those crocodiles "Apshvaana"!?

;(Obtain {{Item|Living Spring}})
:'''Paimon:''' Is that Living Spring? Hmm... Paimon doesn't think it's any different from ordinary water.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon would never expect "Apshvaana" to be crocodiles...

;(Talk to Arapas)
:'''Arapas:''' Hmph! Both of you are bad Nara! Don't even think about tricking me with water from somewhere else!
:;(Opens inventory)
:'''Arapas:''' Hmm... It is the water from the river's source. The Living Spring that's cold and clean, just like moonlight.
:'''Arapas:''' [[Arachatora]], [[Arasaka]], and [[Araphala]] wouldn't be so stupid if they grew up drinking this water. Only Arapacati, my sister...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, what's next...
:'''Arapas:''' Huh? Oh. Next up, you have to make me a new pot of soup...
:{{Black Screen|Receiving guidance from Arapas, you add some fruits and vegetables into the water and start cooking.<br>A rather nice aroma slowly emerges from the pot.}}
:{{Black Screen|Once you're done, you taste the fresh soup together.<br>It sort of lives up to your expectations. It does carry the aroma of the ingredients...<br>But a soup without any condiments is just too plain.<br>It has no flavor at all.}}
:'''Arapas:''' Mmm, this is how the supreme delicacy should smell!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... What do you think, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} It can quench thirst as soups should.
:{{DIcon}} It's too healthy for me, I think...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks it would be better with some salt and pepper.
:{{DIcon}} Everything is better with salt and pepper.
:'''Arapas:''' Great Aramuhukunda! You want to add salt? What a horrifying idea!
:'''Arapas:''' Land with salt is land without life, and Aranara will be forced to shrink into seeds. Yet Nara wish to add salt!?
:'''Arapas:''' Soups are supposed to be bland! How do you Nara not even understand that!?
:'''Arapas:''' That Nara from before told us a story after having a bowl of my soup:
:'''Arapas:''' "When we Nara children come home, the aroma of soup is the first thing we smell. As such, aroma is all a soup needs."
:'''Arapas:''' After that, {{MC|m=she|f=he}} complimented the aroma of the soup I made. I've never forgotten that. That's why I won't believe a word you say!
:'''Paimon:''' But just aroma isn't enough...
:'''Arapas:''' ...
:'''Arapas:''' Hmph! But since you're the Nara of this Festival Utsava, I'm sure you've received approval from [[Araja]] and Arapacati. So... I'll try making a soup with taste.
:'''Arapas:''' Next time, I'll look for even better water, so we can make even better soup!
:{{DIcon}} ...I don't think water is the problem.
:'''Arapas:''' Really? Anyway, my cooking training has concluded. Alright, let's see what we can do about this at Festival Utsava!
:'''Arapas:''' I've taught you how to make the soup. It's a soup approved by the Great Nara, so do give it a few more tries. But make sure you don't forget to use good water!
:'''Paimon:''' ({{Traveler}}, let's add some seasoning next time. It should be pretty good after that...)
;(Obtain {{Item|Recipe: Masala Cheese Balls}})

;(Talk to Arapas again)
:'''Arapas:''' Is there water that can give taste to soup?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cooking, the Aroma of Homecoming
|zhs     = 料理是思归的香气
|zhs_rm  = Liàolǐ Shì Sīguī de Xiāngqì
|zht     = 料理是思歸的香氣
|zht_rm  = Liàolǐ Shì Sīguī de Xiāngqì
|zh_tl   = Cooking is the Aroma of Missing Home
|ja      = 料理は思い出の香り
|ja_rm   = Ryouri wa Omoide no Kaori
|ja_tl   = Cooking is a Memory of Aroma
|ko      = 요리는 그리움<->의 향기
|ko_tl   = Cooking is a Fragrance of Longing
|es      = El sabor del hogar
|es_tl   = The Taste of Home
|fr      = L'arôme de la maison
|fr_tl   = The Aroma of Home
|ru      = Еда - это аромат родины
|ru_tl   = Food is an Aroma of Homeland
|th      = อาหารคือกลิ่นหอมของความคิดถึงบ้าน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Món Ăn Là Hương Thơm Của Nỗi Nhớ Quê Nhà
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Kochen ist das Aroma des Heimwehs
|de_tl   = Cooking is the Aroma of Homesickness
|id      = Memasak, Aroma Pulang ke Kampung Halaman
|id_tl   = Cooking, The Aroma of Returning to Hometown
|pt      = O prato tem o aroma da saudade
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yemek Pişirmek, Eve Dönüş Kokusu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La cucina, l'aroma del ritrovo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}