{{About|the playwright|the boss fight|Icewind Suite}}
{{Character Infobox
|name             = Coppelius
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = 
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Deceased prior to the events of the game
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Institute of Natural Philosophy
|affiliationNote  = formerly
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = [[Goldoni]]
|relativeNote     = Descendant
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Coppelius''' was a playwright and historical figure in [[Fontaine]] who lived around 500 years ago.<ref name="AncientNotes">Interactable: [[Institute of Natural Philosophy#Ancient Notes|Ancient Notes]]</ref>

==Profile==
Coppelius displayed a talent for playwriting as a child and wrote numerous works,<ref name="AncientNotes" /> often based on preexisting legends and historical figures. Later in his life, his works all included "eternal beauty" and "eternal love" as themes, which critics in his lifetime noted.<ref name="Lumidouce">{{Ref/Item|Lumidouce Bell}}</ref> His last opera, "Clockwork Coppelia," was never published as the opera house was destroyed on the day that it premiered. Coppelius was presumably among those who died that day.<ref name="Flowing">{{Ref/Weapon|Flowing Purity}}</ref>

==Story==
Coppelius wrote plays that were either based on true stories or simply from his creativity. Some of his notable works are "Golden Hyperborea," "Coppelia," and "Masque of the Great."<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Goldoni|s = 2}}</ref> One play was loosely based on the fallen noble [[Parsifal]] and the [[Blue-Eyed Spear Witch]], who lived during the [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]] period, and inspired the stage names for [[Parsifal the Great]] and her sister, [[Josephine]].<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|The First Great Magic}}</ref>

"Golden Hyperborea," written later in Coppelius' life, is a fantastical tale about a homesick [[Lumidouce Bell]] called "Weeping Crystal," which has its beauty immortalized after being frozen by the icy winds at Hyperborea<ref name="Lumidouce" /> &mdash; the ancient name of the land which is likely now [[Snezhnaya]].<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Ballad of the Fjords}}</ref>

==="Clockwork Coppelia"===
Coppelius' last opera, "Clockwork Coppelia," was premiering at the opera house when tragedy struck after the intermission. The opera house seems to have been destroyed that day alongside many of its performers and spectators, Coppelius included. A script was later reconstructed by an unnamed company, based on the memories of those who survived that day and recounted scenes from the opera which were performed before the intermission.<ref name="Flowing" />

In the published version that was posthumously released, the play featured Coppelius himself. In the first snippet, his plan is exposed to the [[Marechaussee Phantom|Marechaussee Hunters]], leading him to be arrested and separated from his creation Coppelia. The second snippet features Coppelia and a young man traveling with her, Nathaniel, discussing Coppelia's weariness with the world and her intention of joining the already deceased Coppelius.<ref name="Flowing" />

Based on the [[Institute of Natural Philosophy#Ancient Notes|Ancient Notes]] at the [[Institute of Natural Philosophy]] &mdash; likely written by [[Dwight Lasker]] &mdash; "Clockwork Coppelia" premiered some time before the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago. The author's first remarks are about how they were looking forward to Coppelius' "new work" and how Coppelius has "always been" talented ever since his childhood &mdash; suggesting Coppelius was still alive at this time and might be a former member of Institute of Natural Philosophy &mdash; while the fourth paragraph, set an unknown amount of time later, mentions Dwight visiting [[Basil Elton]]'s grave and a discussion with [[Emanuel Guillotin]], both of whom lived during the cataclysm era.

==Legacy==
A member of the [[Fontaine Research Institute]] named [[Bossuet]] was inspired by "Clockwork Coppelia" and created the present-day [[Boss]] challenge [[Icewind Suite]]. He intended to make then works of art that could transcend the "era of mechanical reproduction". After leaving the institute, the Icewind Suite was taken over by [[Maillardet]], who then added combat abilities for the mechanical dancers.<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Icewind Suite}}</ref>

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*Coppelius is the name of Dr. Coppélius, a character from the ballet {{w|Coppélia}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Coppelius
|zhs     = 科培琉司
|zhs_rm  = Kēpéiliúsī
|zht     = 科培琉司
|zht_rm  = Kēpéiliúsī
|ja      = コペリウス
|ja_rm   = Koperiusu
|ko      = 코펠리우스
|es      = Coppélius
|fr      = Coppelius
|ru      = Коппелиус
|th      = Coppelius
|vi      = Coppelius
|de      = Coppelius
|id      = Coppelius
|pt      = Coppelius
|tr      = Coppelius
|it      = Coppelius
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}