{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73673
|image         = World Quest Corps of Thirty Recruitment.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = 
|chapter       = 
|act           = 
|actNum        = 
|part          = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Dawn (Quest)]]
|characters    = Effendi; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Treasures Street]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
}}
'''''Corps of Thirty Recruitment''''' is a [[World Quest]] that unlocks [[Sumeru]]'s [[Reputation]] menu. It is automatically unlocked after completing ''[[Dawn (Quest)|Dawn]]'' in [[Chapter III]]: [[The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Effendi]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Corps of Thirty is hiring an assistant. Interested candidates, kindly contact Effendi at the Citadel of Regzar.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Effendi)
:'''Effendi:''' Greetings, welcome to the [[Citadel of Regzar]].
:'''Effendi:''' This is where the [[Corps of Thirty]] get in touch with each other and coordinate. I can see from your outfit that you are not one of them...
:'''Effendi:''' Oh, I see, you came for the recruitment, right?
:{{DIcon}} That's right.
::'''Effendi:''' Very well then. I'll brief you on the gig in case it's not clear.
:{{DIcon}} Recruitment?
::'''Effendi:''' You came without having a look at it? Never mind, I'll explain.
:'''Effendi:''' I am Effendi, a liaison sent by the [[Akademiya]] to coordinate the cooperation between the Akademiya and the Corps of Thirty.
:'''Effendi:''' You may have known that the Corps of Thirty is hired by the Akademiya to guard the whole Sumeru City.
:'''Effendi:''' They are additionally responsible for dealing with some problems residents encounter in daily life, which compounds their workload.
:'''Effendi:''' To ease the pressure, I decided to recruit an assistant after consulting with the [[Rukh Shah|Parchamdar]].
:'''Effendi:''' You don't need to worry about city defense, just help us complete the residents' commissions.
:'''Effendi:''' As to the specifics, most of them are cumbersome and detailed. I'll elaborate with examples.
:;(Opens the Reputation menu)
----
;(After closing the menu)
:'''Effendi:''' That's the commission in general. It'd be great if you're willing and free to take it.
:'''Effendi:''' The logistics officer and I have agreed that you will be paid fairly for every gig you do.
:'''Effendi:''' Trivial as these commissions may be, I do hope you recognize the importance of this job.
:'''Effendi:''' You will be appreciated and respected by all who you have helped with their life.
:'''Effendi:''' If you stick to it, you'll surely heighten your Reputation among the residents, and they'll be more willing to accept you.
:'''Effendi:''' And I'll offer you more important and complicated jobs by then.
:'''Effendi:''' That's the general picture of this job. I hope you can think it over.
:'''Effendi:''' If you decide to take the job, feel free to register for the commissions.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/eYPK0z2FBpY
|caption1 = Corps of Thirty Recruitment
}}
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Corps of Thirty Recruitment
|zhs     = 「三十人团」的招募
|zhs_rm  = "Sānshí Rén Tuán" de Zhāomù
|zht     = 「三十人團」的招募
|zht_rm  = "Sānshí Rén Tuán" de Zhāomù
|zh_tl   = "Corps of Thirty"'s Recruitment
|ja      = 「三十人団」の人員募集
|ja_rm   = "Sanjuunindan" no Jin'in Boshuu
|ja_tl   = "Corps of Thirty" Personnel Recruitment
|ko      = 「30인단」 모집
|ko_rm   = "Samsibindan" Mojip
|ko_tl   = "Corps of Thirty" Recruitment
|es      = El reclutamiento del Regimiento de Los Treinta
|es_tl   = The Draft of the Thirty Regiment
|fr      = Recrutement de la Légion des trente
|fr_tl   = Legion of Thirty Recruitment
|ru      = Набор в Бригаду тридцати
|ru_tl   = Corps of Thirty Recruitment
|th      = การรับสมัครของ "กลุ่มภาคี 30"
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = "Lữ Đoàn 30" Chiêu Mộ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Anwerbung des „Regiments der Dreißig“
|de_tl   = Recruitment for the "Regiment of Thirty"
|id      = Lowongan Rekrutmen "Corps of Thirty"
|id_tl   = "Corps of Thirty" Job Recruitment
|pt      = Recrutamento da Tropa dos Trinta
|pt_tl   = Troop of Thirty Recruitment
|tr      = Otuzlu Teşkilatın İşe Alımı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Reclutamento del Gruppo dei Trenta
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:El reclutamiento del Regimiento de Los Treinta]]
[[pt-br:Recrutamento da Tropa dos Trinta]]