{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73104
|image         = World Quest Cost-Effective Hook.png
|type          = World
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Complete [[Supreme Hookshot?]] three times and wait for daily reset
|characters    = Helbet; Kayvan; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|subarea       = Port Ormos
|prev          = Supreme Hookshot?
|next          = The Hook's Unexpected Adventure
|exp           = 150
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
|rep           = Sumeru
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 489
}}
'''''Cost-Effective Hook''''' is a [[World Quest]]. It is triggered by completing the ''[[Supreme Hookshot?]]'' daily commission three times and waiting for the next day for it to appear in the World Quests section of the Quests tab.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Helbet]] and [[Kayvan]]
# Look for the materials that Kayvan needs (0/3)
#* Defeat {{Enemy|Whirling Pyro Fungus|x=3}}
# Give the bait materials to Kayvan
# Look for the materials that Kayvan needs
#* Defeat {{Enemy|Stretchy Anemo Fungus|x=3}} and {{Enemy|Winged Dendroshroom}}
# Give the bait materials to Kayvan
# Defeat the attacking monsters {{Enemy List|Hydro Slime*4}}
# Talk to Helbet and Kayvan
# Look for the materials that Kayvan needs (0/3)
#* Defeat the {{Enemy|Pyro Whopperflower}} to obtain the Zaytun Peach northwest of [[Vimara Village]]
# Give the bait materials to Kayvan

==Gameplay Notes==
* In step 4, only the Winged Dendroshroom needs to be defeated to progress.
* The slimes in step 6 do not become hostile until attacked.
* Completing the quest grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Aha! What's on the Hook?]]''

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Kayvan the angler seems to be having some trouble...}}
{{Dialogue start}}

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Kayvan, optional)
:'''Kayvan:''' (I... I'll definitely catch a big fish...)
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Helbet, optional)
:'''Helbet:''' (Mr. Kayvan is actually... quite impressive...)

;(Talk to Kayvan)
:'''Helbet:''' Please, do me a favor! I could really use your help!
:'''Kayvan:''' No can do. Please go.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, what's with the quarrel?
:'''Kayvan:''' Hey, outlander, care to help me persuade this lady here?
:'''Kayvan:''' She came to ask me to salvage some antiques. Has been bugging me all day.
:'''Kayvan:''' Scared away my fish and taking up my time.
:'''Kayvan:''' Miss, why such a hurry? Trying to rake it in with the antiques?
:'''Helbet:''' No, Mr. Kayvan. I am Helbet with the Akademiya.
:'''Helbet:''' The Akademiya found those antiques and I'm responsible for keeping them.
:'''Helbet:''' But there was an accident on the ship transporting the relics. Some dropped off the ship, floating down the river to the lower reaches.
:'''Kayvan:''' Then go to a professional salvage team! Why bother a fisherman like me?
:'''Helbet:''' It takes too long to find a suitable salvage team. I've heard people call you "Supreme Hookshot" and that you fish lost items up from the river nearly every day.
:'''Helbet:''' And you've been fishing around a lot, so I thought I'd ask you to try casting your rod, see if you could get the relics...
:{{DIcon}} You are being desperate...
:{{DIcon}} Well, if it's Kayvan who casts the rod...
::'''Kayvan:''' I cast my rod only to get fish, okay!?
:'''Kayvan:''' Ahem, Miss Helbet, I feel sorry for what you have been through. But I'm only a fisherman.
:'''Kayvan:''' I cast my rod to catch fish and fish only.
:'''Paimon:''' You haven't caught even one fish...
:'''Kayvan:''' Ahem! I've been training to do that with the pure thought in mind. Never thought about hooking other stuff.
:'''Kayvan:''' So you'd better find someone else.
:'''Helbet:''' Eh... Eh?
:'''Helbet:''' Then... How about this, I won't ask you to hook the relics for me, I just need you to go fishing at another place. What do you say?
:'''Helbet:''' I'm paying you to catch fish! Please, I'm counting on you!
:'''Kayvan:''' Ugh... I am a fisherman! A fisherman!
:{{DIcon}} It's nice to fish at a new spot.
:{{DIcon}} Well, a fisherman hooks this and that.
:'''Helbet:''' Come on, please help me. I've prepared your payment already.
:'''Kayvan:''' You guys are incessant... Fine, I guess I'll do that for a change. Where do you want me to fish?
:'''Helbet:''' Many thanks! Just follow me!
:'''Kayvan:''' Same as before, Traveler. Please help me find some materials for the baits.
:'''Kayvan:''' Let me think... I'll be using Mint this time. But it needs to be collected from my usual spot.
:'''Kayvan:''' I've marked the general area. I'll leave it to you. After you bring the materials, I will go over the payment in detail with you.
:'''Kayvan:''' Miss Helbet and I are going to the fishing spot first. We'll meet there.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|This time, Kayvan's bait requires one Sunsettia and one spike of Wheat. Plus, he demands another three portions of Mint picked from a particular place...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' This is the place Kayvan mentioned. But Paimon doesn't see any special Mint...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, there are monsters? Could it be that the Mints are taken by them again? Weird...
:'''Paimon:''' Whatever. (Traveler), let's recover the Mints!

;(After defeating the Fungi)
:;(Obtain [[Special Mint]] ×3)
:'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon take a look. Hmm... The Mints are intact. Let's go back!
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Bait materials are all ready. Let's take them to Kayvan, and see what he can catch.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Helbet, optional)
:'''Helbet:''' I'm counting on you two. If you find the material, give it to Mr. Kayvan, so he can get to work as soon as possible.

;(Talk to Kayvan)
:'''Kayvan:''' Did you find the materials?
:;(Submit Sunsettia ×1, Wheat ×1, and Special Mint ×3)
:'''Kayvan:''' That's pretty quick! Thanks!
:'''Helbet:''' Please start fishing, or the relics could... I mean the fish...
:'''Kayvan:''' No rush. I need to feel the flow of the water to ensure I can cast the rod with the peace of mind.
:'''Kayvan:''' Let's see what big fish lies for me here...

:'''Kayvan prepares the bait and begins fishing.'''

:'''Kayvan catches a wet package after a long while.'''

:'''Kayvan:''' What do I have here...?
:'''Helbet:''' This is... Let me check!
:'''Helbet:''' This is it! One of the lost antiques! Unscathed. No aquatic creature has gotten inside...
:'''Helbet:''' You actually hooked a relic! You are really the Supreme Hookshot!
:'''Kayvan:''' Is that a compliment? Doesn't really make me happy...
:'''Helbet:''' Well, the relic at the first spot has been salvaged, and the next... fishing spot is just west of here.
:'''Kayvan:''' Let's get rolling. The sooner I can go back and catch real fish in peace, the better.
:'''Helbet:''' No problem. Please follow me!
:'''Kayvan:''' Traveler, we'll be using Harra Fruit as bait this time. My gut tells me this is the most suitable material.
:'''Kayvan:''' I know a place where the Harra Fruit is the finest. I'll show you the location.
:'''Kayvan:''' We'll head off first. Let's meet at the next fishing spot.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|This time, Kayvan's bait requires one Sunsettia and one spike of Wheat. Plus, he demands another one Harra Fruit picked from a particular place...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Another wave of monsters at where Kayvan mentioned, again?
:'''Paimon:''' Why do the materials he chooses keep getting snatched by monsters...?
:'''Paimon:''' (Traveler), we should get the Harra Fruits back!

;(After defeating the Fungi)
:;(Obtain [[Special Harra Fruit]] ×1)
:'''Paimon:''' Done, we get the material!
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Bait materials are all ready. Let's take them to Kayvan, and see what he can catch.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Helbet, optional)
:'''Helbet:''' I'm counting on you two. If you find the material, give it to Mr. Kayvan, so he can get to work as soon as possible.

;(Talk to Kayvan)
:'''Kayvan:''' You are back. Found the special material?
:;(Submit Sunsettia ×1, Wheat ×1, and Special Harra Fruit ×1)
:'''Kayvan:''' Okay. Here goes the fishing again.
:'''Kayvan:''' I need to concentrate. Please don't make any noise...

:'''Kayvan begins to focus on fishing...'''

:'''Helbet:''' Argh! Look over there! So many Slimes!
:'''Kayvan:''' Huh? I've never seen anything like this before.
:{{DIcon}} Leave them to me.
:{{DIcon}} You just keep fishing.
:'''Paimon:''' What's with all the troubles when Mr. Kayvan is fishing...

:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's just get rid of those Slimes first!

;(Talk to Helbet, optional)
:'''Helbet:''' Please help me drive away the Slime! They could ruin our salvage!

;(Talk to Kayvan again)
:'''Kayvan:''' *sigh* Please help us deal with the Slimes...

;(Talk to Helbet or Kayvan after defeating the slimes)
:'''Helbet:''' You guys are so good! Thanks a lot!
:'''Helbet:''' When all the relics are recovered, I will apply for more compensation as your payment.
:'''Kayvan:''' You just don't believe I can hook a real fish, do you...?
:'''Kayvan:''' Wait, something big is on the hook!

:'''Kayvan lifts the rod hard...'''

:'''Kayvan:''' What's this...?
:'''Helbet:''' Ah, this is another pack of the relics! Great!
:'''Helbet:''' I didn't expect it to go so well. You've recovered two relics now! What a hook, Mr. Kayvan!
:'''Kayvan:''' I shouldn't have said that...
:{{DIcon}} There are tons of fish in the river. Not so for relics.
:'''Kayvan:''' But I haven't caught a single fish!
:'''Paimon:''' Look at the bright side. We've recovered the relics. It's a good thing.
:'''Helbet:''' The last fishing spot is near Vimara Village. A much safer place for fishing. Let's get moving.
:'''Kayvan:''' Yeah, yeah. Off we go...
:'''Kayvan:''' This is so weird. Is there something wrong with my bait, or the way I fish...?
:'''Kayvan:''' Never mind. Traveler, please find some fresh Zaytun Peaches for me this time.
:'''Kayvan:''' Since it's the last spot, I'll have to use my special bait.
:'''Kayvan:''' I'm counting that on you, Traveler.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|This time, Kayvan's bait requires one Sunsettia and one spike of Wheat. Plus, he demands another three Zaytun Peaches picked from a particular place...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Collect [[Fresh Zaytun Peach]] ×3)

;(Approach the Zaytun Peach northwest of [[Vimara Village]])
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Where did this Whopperflower come from!?
:'''Paimon:''' If we want that Zaytun Peach, we gotta take them down!

;(After obtaining three Fresh Zaytun Peaches)
:'''Paimon:''' One, two, three... These Zaytun Peaches should do. Let's bring them back to Mr. Kayvan.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, it actually went pretty well this time.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Bait materials are all ready. Let's take them to Kayvan, and see what he can catch.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Helbet, optional)
:'''Helbet:''' This would be the last of the relics. Please find the materials to help Mr. Kayvan do his job.

;(Talk to Kayvan)
:'''Kayvan:''' That was fast! You found the special material?
:;(Submit Sunsettia ×1, Wheat ×1, and Fresh Zaytun Peach ×3)
:'''Kayvan:''' Looks like everything's going well. Time for one last fishing attempt.
:'''Kayvan:''' Whew... Third time's a charm. Please let me hook some fish! Even a teeny-tiny one will do.

:'''Kayvan prepares the bait and begins fishing...'''

:'''A third soaked package is pulled out of the water by the wire after a while.'''

:'''Kayvan:''' See it yourself... I don't want to look at it...
:'''Helbet:''' Alright, let me take a look... Good, there's no damage at all.
:'''Helbet:''' Perfect, Mr. Kayvan! The power of Supreme Hookshot, again!
:'''Kayvan:''' Yeah, haha... As long as you have what you wanted...
:'''Paimon:''' Three packs with three hooks... Yet not even one fish came to bite the hook...
:{{DIcon}} That's what makes Mr. Kayvan so impressive.
:{{DIcon}} This is certainly one of a kind I guess...
:'''Kayvan:''' Hey! I've been serious about catching a big fish, not antiques!
:'''Kayvan:''' Call me bad at fishing or whatever...
:'''Kayvan:''' But it's been so many times! Even one with the worst luck should have gotten some fish!
:'''Kayvan:''' But none's ever come to me!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... This is strange indeed...
:'''Helbet:''' Well, Mr. Kayvan, if you are interested, I can introduce you to a researcher who specialized in fishing.
:'''Helbet:''' He's worked on the design of many popular fishing rods and baits.
:'''Helbet:''' I don't know exactly why you couldn't hook a fish. But... It doesn't hurt to ask a professional.
:'''Helbet:''' Maybe he'll be interested in you.
:'''Kayvan:''' You mean interested in the fact that I lift my hook with everything but fish?
:'''Kayvan:''' But you are right. This is my chance to see what's wrong with my skill.
:'''Helbet:''' Sure. Leave the rest to me!
:'''Kayvan:''' But do some bookworm researchers really know fishing?
:'''Kayvan:''' Oh... I almost forgot! Thank you for the help, Traveler. This is your payment. Please take it.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/eAOmTJ92YoE
|caption1 = Quick Guide: Cost-Effective Hook

|video2   = 5z5OjYqBzMM
|caption2 = Supreme Hookshot? Cost-Effective Hook The Hook's Unexpected Adventure Chain "Aha! What's on the Hook?" Achievement.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cost-Effective Hook
|zhs     = 鱼钩的物尽其用
|zhs_rm  = Yúgōu de Wùjìnqíyòng
|zht     = 魚鉤的物盡其用
|zht_rm  = Yúgōu de Wùjìnqíyòng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 釣り針の有効活用
|ja_rm   = Tsuribari no Yuukou Katsuyou
|ja_tl   = The Effective Usage of the Fish-Hook
|ko      = 제 몫을 다하는 낚싯바늘
|ko_rm   = Je Moksseul Dahaneun Nakssitppaneul
|ko_tl   = Cost-Effective Fishhook
|es      = El anzuelo omnipotente
|es_tl   = The Omnipotent Hook
|fr      = Le meilleur usage d'un hameçon
|fr_tl   = The Best Use of a Hook
|ru      = Чудодейственный крючок
|ru_tl   = Miraculous Fish-Hook
|th      = การตกปลาที่คุ้มค่า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tận Dụng Triệt Để Lưỡi Câu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wundersame Funktion des Hakens
|de_tl   = Wondrous Usage of the Hook
|id      = Kail Hemat Biaya
|id_tl   = Cost-Saving Hook
|pt      = Anzol Fisga-tudo
|pt_tl   = All-catching Hook
|tr      = Uygun Maliyetli Olta
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Amo conveniente
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:El anzuelo omnipotente]]