{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19017
|image         = Hangout Event Countryside Wandering.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Yun Jin
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Song That Knows Grace
|description   = [[Yunning]] of the Yun-Han Opera Troupe is currently outside the Liyue branch of the Adventurers' Guild, fretting over someone's disappearance.
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = 
|next          = After the Curtain Falls
|next2         = First Glimpse of Meaning
|characters    = Katheryne (Liyue); Yun Jin; Yunning; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Countryside Wandering''''' is a quest in {{Quest|A Song That Knows Grace}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the Liyue Adventurers' Guild
# Head to Lingju Pass to look for Yun Jin
# Talk to Yun Jin
# Defeat [[Ruin Hunter]]
# Talk to Yun Jin
# Return to the Liyue Adventurers' Guild
#* Agree with Yunning that safety should come first. Proceed to [[After the Curtain Falls]].
#* Agree with Yun Jin that she has a good point. Proceed to [[First Glimpse of Meaning]].

==Dialogue==
===Yun-Han Opera Troupe in Crisis===
{{Quest Description|Yunning of the Yun-Han Opera Troupe is currently outside Liyue branch of the Adventurers' Guild, fretting over someone's disappearance.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to Liyue Adventurers' Guild)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901707 yunning 01.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Can't you send someone any sooner? The clock is ticking and I need this resolved ASAP!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901707 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I'm sorry, but we don't have any adventurers available at this instant...
:{{DIcon}} What's happened?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901707 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Ah, {{Traveler}}, your timing is most optimal. Allow me to introduce Yunning, manager of the Yun-Han Opera Troupe. She has commissioned the Guild to&mdash;
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901707 yunning 02.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' ...{{Traveler}}? Ah, Yun Jin is always talking about you. Please, you've gotta help us {{Color|buzzword|find her}}!
:{{DIcon}} Yun Jin is missing?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901707 yunning 03.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Yep, she's gone and disappeared. Now, of all times, just days away from the big performance. All she left was this short note...
::'''Beautifully-Written Note:'''
::To Whomsoever Finds This Letter:
:: &nbsp;
::After some discussion about the "Divine Maiden" play with my friends, I find that there is still much to learn indeed. I have gone to Lingju Pass in hopes of gaining some inspiration.
::I will return within the day, so do not worry.
:: &nbsp;
::Yun Jin
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901707 yunning 04.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' If our audience doesn't get to see Yun Jin on stage, they'll start tearing the place down... I mean, what am I supposed to do, huh?
:{{DIcon}} She literally said she would come back...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901707 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' That's what I said, too, but&mdash;
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901707 yunning 05.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Look, when you're a megastar like Yun Jin, you gotta start taking things a little more seriously. Saying she'll be back doesn't give me a whole lot of reassurance when she's showing no regard for her own safety.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901707 yunning 06.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Why does she have to go and practice somewhere so dangerous? What if something happens to her? What am I going to tell the audience!?
:{{DIcon}} Worst-case scenario, she still has a Vision...
:{{DIcon}} I'm pretty sure her life is not at risk here.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901707 yunning 07.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Well then... what if she gets into a scrape and hurts herself? If she gets so much as a scratch, it'll be a loss to the whole nation!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901707 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' *sigh*... As you can see, {{Traveler}}, this is what we're up against.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901707 katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Would you be willing to accept this commission?
:{{DIcon}} Okay. For Yun Jin...
:{{DIcon}} Okay. For Liyue...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901707 yunning 08.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Wonderful! Oh, thank the stars... Please, you've gotta bring her back, safe and sound!

;(Talk to Yunning again)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901750 yunning 01.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' I'm counting on you to bring my top talent back to where she needs to be.
----
;(Head to Lingju Pass to look for Yun Jin)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901701 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Monster attack!!!
:{{DIcon}} Get out of the way!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901701 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} (...I guess I'm taking this fight!)
----
;(After the battle)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Mmm...
:{{DIcon}} Are you hurt?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...Oh.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It's you, {{Traveler}}!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I do apologize, I didn't see you there.
:{{DIcon}} ...Seriously!?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' What brings you all the way up here, {{Traveler}}? Oddly enough, I was just thinking of scheduling a meeting with you later...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I didn't expect to run into you here, of all places.
:{{DIcon}} Your manager sent me.
:{{DIcon}} I heard you went missing...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Ah, I see. So Yunning sent you... I did tell her not to worry...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Phew, but... on this occasion, it seems I'm rather lucky you came. You've helped me avert a major catastrophe.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It's a pity, though... I was so close to achieving the state of mind that Shenhe was talking about...
:{{DIcon}} What state of mind?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 11.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Do you remember what Shenhe said about the "divine damsel" fighting against the evil monster? That in reality, she hadn't acted as courageously as the operatic rendition would have you believe... That it was simply a matter of life and death, and she chose self-preservation?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 12.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Granted, she later admitted that she preferred the version of events given in the opera, with its portrayal of a divine heroine sacrificing herself for others...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 13.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But after giving it a lot of consideration, I think that this character is defined by her emotional complexity and even uncertainty. So the more emotions I can experience for myself, the wider range I will have to draw on in my performance.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 14.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' If access to a different state of mind can help me provide a fresh interpretation of the character and her actions... well, surely it will take my acting skills to the next level!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 15.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' That's why I came here.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 16.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' My plan was to take it slowly, start by just dipping my toe in, as it were, but once I started... I just got completely drawn in...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 17.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Ah, I feel like I was so close to a breakthrough here...
:{{DIcon}} This is much too dangerous!
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 18.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Considering the rewards that I could reap from this experience, the risk is negligible.
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 19.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Still, if I choose to continue, this is unlikely to be the last time I'd need your help...
:{{DIcon}} ...Want to try again? I'll join in, too.
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 20.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' You've defeated an ancient god before. How am I supposed to experience genuine danger if you're here with me?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 21.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm... I suppose I had better return to {{Color|buzzword|Liyue Harbor}} for now. I'll only end up putting you in an awkward position otherwise. Goodness knows how you'd explain this to Yunning.
:{{DIcon}} Very true...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901702 yunjin 22.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I wonder whether I have gained anything useful from this trip... Hmm, I suppose only time will tell.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Crisis Averted===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Return to the Liyue Adventurers' Guild)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 01.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Can you put a few more adventurers on the case, or something? The clock's still ticking away...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 katheryne 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 katheryne 01b.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Please have faith in {{Traveler}}... Ah, they've returned.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yunning, we're back.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 02.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Yun Jin! Are you okay? Are you hurt? Do you need to go to Bubu Pharmacy?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' *sigh* No, I'm fine. You don't need to worry. When it's time to go on stage, I'll be there.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 03.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' *sigh* Look, I get it &mdash; you like to go out exploring. That's fine. But do you really have to go off thrill-seeking this close to the show?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 04.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' You have to take better care of yourself, okay? For all our sakes. For the opera troupe and for your audience.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 05.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' We're just lucky we had {{Traveler}} to help out. What if something had happened to you, huh? What would I say to our audience, hmm?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Well... I would say that the best way to make it up to our audience is to give them the best performance we can. Don't you agree?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' While I'm offstage, as long as there is something, anything I can do to improve my acting ability, even the slightest amount, I can't pass up the opportunity.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 06.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' You know, you... you... ugh, I don't know what to say anymore. {{Traveler}}! Please! You tell her!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' So... what's your honest opinion, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Ultimately, safety should come first...
:;(Proceed to [[Countryside Wandering#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} You made a good point, Yun Jin...
:;(Proceed to [[Countryside Wandering#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Ultimately, safety should come first...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 07.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Exactly, exactly. Just think of all the people coming from far and wide just to show you their support.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Why do you make it sound like... they are coming to see me, and not the show?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 08.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Well, same difference, isn't it?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm... I don't think so. They seem quite different to me.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Well, either way, you're quite right. I mustn't let down our audience, especially those who came from afar.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...And I certainly mustn't make you come out looking for me again, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' So I suppose I will put my training exercises on hold for a while.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 09.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Wheeeew. I'm glad to know that the brightest star in my troupe is finally going to start listening to reason.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 10.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' I'm gonna head back and see how the set is coming along. Don't go disappearing on me again.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 11.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' *sigh*... Alright, I'll head back and do some rehearsing.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 12.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It's no substitute for firsthand experience, but it should still help me iron out a few issues.
:{{DIcon}} It's also much safer than firsthand experience...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 13.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Heh. Speaking of which, I haven't even thanked you properly for saving me.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 14.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' {{Traveler}}, if you are free after the show, come and find me at {{Color|buzzword|Tea House}}.<ref group="Note">The voice line says "[[Heyu Tea House]]"</ref>
:;(Proceed to [[After the Curtain Falls]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} You made a good point, Yun Jin...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 15.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I'm glad you agree! Right, then let's get preparing...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 11.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Hey... hey! {{Traveler}}, get over here!

:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 12.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' You've only just managed to bring Yun Jin back &mdash; now you're taking her straight back out again? What's the big idea?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 13.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' The next show is just days away. Please, if not for me, then for the sake of the opera troupe &mdash; I'm begging you. Help me convince her that at the end of the day, she's gotta fall in line.
:{{DIcon}} That is not going to be an easy task...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 14.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' *sigh* Well, okay, maybe that's asking the impossible &mdash; but at least try and keep her distracted.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 15.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Please. Just keep her occupied until the next show. No more thrill-seeking!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 16.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' What're you two talking about? If it doesn't involve me, I think I'm going to&mdash;
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 16.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Eh, eh, eh! Uh... y'know what, it does involve you, actually! The Traveler was saying, uh, that...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 17.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Come on! Help me stall her!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 17.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Oh?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 18.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Well, {{Traveler}}? What do you need from me?
:{{DIcon}} I... want to become an actor!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 19.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm? You want to... become an actor?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 18a.ogg}} {{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 18b.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Uh... y&mdash;you do? Ahem! Yes, of course {{MC|m=he|f=she}} does! {{MC|m=He|f=She}} was just telling me that {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s interested in exploring {{MC|m=his|f=her}} dramatic side and, uh, would like you to give {{MC|m=him|f=her}} some coaching!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 19.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Right, good, well, let's not beat around the bush! Traveler, your master awaits...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 20.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' H&mdash;Hold on... I don't know if I'm really ready to take on students yet...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 20a.ogg}} {{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 20b.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Tsk, please! This is the day you've dreamed of, isn't it? You certainly talk about it enough! And look, now {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s here, ready and willing...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 21.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Ahem! Okay, okay, I get it, you can stop now!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 22.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Phew... {{Traveler}}, I am delighted that you wish to study the performing arts from me.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 23.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But the issue is, before you could become my apprentice, I'd have to get approval from the founders, then do an initiation ceremony... There just isn't time for all that right now.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 24.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' So for now, I'll just teach you a few basics. Informally, one friend to another. There's no need to call me "master."
:{{DIcon}} What about "teacher"?
:{{DIcon}} What about "coach"?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 25.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Um, wh&mdash;what? Don't you think that's a bit old-fashioned? Let's work on that later...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 26.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Until we settle on an appropriate title... just call me by my name.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 27.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Let's meet {{Color|buzzword|tomorrow morning}} on the bridge by the sea at Feiyun Slope.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunjin 28.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I'll do my best to prepare a good first lesson for you.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1901703 yunning 21.ogg}} '''Yunning:''' Phew. What a relief...
:;(Proceed to [[First Glimpse of Meaning]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Countryside Wandering
|zhs     = 郊野觅芳踪
|zhs_rm  = Jiāoyě Mìfāng Zōng
|zht     = 郊野覓芳蹤
|zht_rm  = Jiāoyě Mìfāng Zōng
|zh_tl   = Wandering in the Countryside
|ja      = 郊野で姿を探す
|ja_rm   = Kouya de Sugata wo Sagasu
|ja_tl   = Searching for a Shape in Suburban Fields
|ko      = 야외에서 찾은 그녀
|ko_tl   = That Girl Found from Outside
|es      = Búsqueda campestre
|es_tl   = Rural Search
|fr      = Balade en campagne
|fr_tl   = Stroll in the Countryside
|ru      = Следы в глуши
|ru_tl   = Trails in Hinterland
|th      = ตามรอยในป่าเขา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tìm Tung Tích Nơi Hoang Vắng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Spuren der Schönheit
|de_tl   = Traces of Beauty
|id      = Berkelana ke Pedalaman
|id_tl   = Wandering to the Countryside
|pt      = Busca Campestre
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kır Gezisi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Passeggiata in campagna
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}