{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Coutrot.jpg
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Fontaine Research Institute
|affiliationNote  = Formerly
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Coutrot''', who also went by the name '''Kuisel''', is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Road to the Singularity}}. He is the namesake for [[Kuisel's Clockwork Workshop]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Coutrot is a researcher interested in integrating humans with machines to advance civilization. He used to work at the [[Fontaine Research Institute]], but was kicked out due to the unethical nature of his research.<ref name="RS">{{Ref/Quest|Road to the Singularity}}</ref> He has an obsessive, somewhat sadistic personality and tends to treat others callously, though [[Bricole]] notes that he has changed significantly since his Institute days,<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Bricole}}</ref> implying that he may not have always been like this.

===Appearance===
He has blonde hair and dons the green and white uniform of the institute.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
After Coutrot was kicked out from the [[Fontaine Research Institute|Institute]], he went to a certain clockwork meka researcher's [[Kuisel's Clockwork Workshop|underground workshop]], where he asked to be an assistant. He didn't ask for payment, just use of the facilities. The two worked together for some time, during which Coutrot used his connections to steal equipment from the Institute for both of them. The other researcher found Coutrot kind of strange and reclusive, but overall a good partner.<ref name="Neat Notes">Interactable: [[Kuisel's Clockwork Workshop#Neatly-Written Notes|Neatly-Written Notes]]</ref> After that researcher left, Coutrot took over the workshop.

Coutrot's notes reveal that he was trying to reach technological singularity &mdash; a point where artificial intelligence surpasses human capabilities (and likely, human control) &mdash; by modifying the neural networks of [[clockwork meka]]. It is implied that he did something inhumane as part of his experiments, the exact nature of which is unclear. It is possible that he tried to implant human minds into meka, leading to the deaths of his human subjects.<ref name="Scribbled Notes">Interactable: [[Kuisel's Clockwork Workshop#Scribbled Notes|Scribbled Notes]]</ref><ref name="Report">Interactable: [[Kuisel's Clockwork Workshop#Messy Experiment Report|Messy Experiment Report]]</ref>

Coutrot sought to eradicate the pain and weakness of humankind "within this generation, by whatever means necessary." He also wanted to advance the future of humanity by maximizing efficiency. To this end, he aimed to create a neural network spanning the entire world, which would allow for instant transmission of commands, and thus, "absolute efficiency."<ref name="Scribbled Notes" /> According to his experiment reports, Coutrot eventually succeeded in some way.<ref name="Report" />

During the {{Quest|Road to the Singularity}}, the Traveler and Paimon find Coutrot trapped in a cage in the workshop, and he asks for help to escape. He initially introduces himself as "Kuisel," Coutrot's research partner, and claims that Coutrot locked him in the cage. He then tricks the Traveler into taking his place, and puts them through a series of trials to test their potential as "research material." 

When they find Coutrot again, he is accompanied by [[Bricole]], an associate of the Institute. Coutrot reveals that "Kuisel" is just a "convenient character," and that he himself is the real owner of the workshop. He springs one last trial on the Traveler, after which he finally admits defeat. Bricole explains that he has been investigating Coutrot's activities and the many assets he stole from the Institute, and is currently compiling evidence for a case against him. However, Coutrot seems rather cavalier about the situation, and shows no intention of stopping his work.

<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*{{w|Jean Coutrot}} was a French engineer and one of the pioneers of the {{W|X-Crise}} group.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|1_en      = Coutrot
|1_zhs     = 库特罗
|1_zhs_rm  = Kùtèluó
|1_zht     = 庫特羅
|1_zht_rm  = Kùtèluó
|1_ja      = クトロ
|1_ja_rm   = Kutoro
|1_ko      = 쿠트로
|1_es      = Coutrot
|1_fr      = Coutrot
|1_ru      = Кутро
|1_th      = Coutrot
|1_vi      = Coutrot
|1_de      = Coutrot
|1_id      = Coutrot
|1_pt      = Coutrot
|1_tr      = Coutrot
|1_it      = Coutrot

|2_en      = Kuisel
|2_zhs     = 奎瑟尔
|2_zhs_rm  = Kuísè'ěr
|2_zht     = 奎瑟爾
|2_zht_rm  = Kuísè'ěr
|2_ja      = クイセル
|2_ja_rm   = Kuiseru
|2_ko      = 퀴셀
|2_es      = Kuisel
|2_fr      = Kuisel
|2_ru      = Кьюзель
|2_th      = Kuisel
|2_vi      = Kuisel
|2_de      = Kuisel
|2_id      = Kuisel
|2_pt      = Kuisel
|2_tr      = Kuisel
|2_it      = Kuisel
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}