{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = Case Record The Deceased's Identity.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Accidentally killed by [[Liliane]] during the magic show in ''[[The City of Rains and Remembrance]]'' with the water tank he had sabotaged
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Cowell''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|The City of Rains and Remembrance}}.

He is one of [[Lyney]]'s assistants who is in charge maintaining the stage props. He is actually an accomplice of [[Marcel (Fontaine)|Marcel]] in the serial disappearances case, alongside [[Vaughn]]. 

==Profile==
Cowell was one of Lyney's assistants in charge of maintaining props, but foremost he was Marcel's accomplice in the serial disappearances case. They planned to implicate Lyney as the mastermind behind the disappearances, and in doing so decided to target [[Halsey]] as their next victim.

After finding out which seat in the [[Opera Epiclese]] would belong to Halsey in the magic show, Cowell rigged the random number generator to always choose her as the selected volunteer for the magic box trick. He then tampered with the props; he added a balloon filled with Water from the [[Primordial Sea]] inside the magic box where Halsey would be in and added a metal hook, so that once the magic box descended into the tunnel for transportation to the stage, the metal hook would pierce the balloon and douse whoever was inside the box. Water from the Primordial Sea has the effect of dissolving Fontainians into water, so Cowell planned on dissolving Halsey into water. He then sabotaged the rope holding up the water tank with flammable material, so that when the magic box went up on stage and the fireworks were lit, the ropes would catch fire from the fireworks and snap, with the water tank falling and spilling the water onto the stage, thereby destroying any traces of Water from the Primordial Sea.

However, the Water from the Primordial Sea was not able to dissolve Halsey, as she was actually a Mondstadter thief named [[Liliane]], and she proceeded to try escaping from the magic box. Believing that the water needed time to take effect, Cowell attempted to subdue her, but Liliane overpowered him and knocked him out with a vase. He was then placed inside the magic box by Liliane, who had no idea of the sabotaged water tank. He was subsequently killed when the magic box came on stage and was crushed by the water tank.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Cowell
|zhs     = 考威尔
|zhs_rm  = Kǎowēi'ěr
|zht     = 考威爾
|zht_rm  = Kǎowēi'ěr
|ja      = コーウェル
|ja_rm   = Kooweru
|ko      = 코웰
|es      = Cowell
|fr      = Cowell
|ru      = Коуэлл
|th      = Cowell
|vi      = Cowell
|de      = Cowell
|id      = Cowell
|pt      = Cowell
|tr      = Cowell
|it      = Cowell
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Cowell]]