{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Cowry of Parting.png
|set   = Ocean-Hued Clam
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A clean, flawless shell that comes from the bottomless ocean.}}
'''Cowry of Parting''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Ocean-Hued Clam]].

==Description==
Time seems to pass exceedingly slowly in the silent, fluorescent ocean depths.<br />Even the bright seashells might grow forgetful as the years lengthen.

The people of Watatsumi once came forth from the darkness, and thus bade farewell to the long dreams of the deep.<br />They escaped the prying gaze of the Dragonheirs in the dark, walking the glimmering coral stair into the realm of daylight.<br />It is said that at that time, the ocean people would take a single seashell as remembrance for their clan.<br />And as for those who had lost theirs, they would be welcomed into a new family.

In the ancient tongue, these pure shells would become known as the Parcels of Reunion.<br />Two parties who embrace shall not again be parted by an outside force, though this enjoining is not itself eternal.<br />These seashells, therefore, were a farewell to life beneath the waves, and the beginning of a new life under the sun.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cowry of Parting
|zhs     = 离别之贝
|zhs_rm  = Líbié zhī Bèi
|zht     = 離別之貝
|zht_rm  = Líbié zhī Bèi
|zh_tl   = Cowry of Parting
|ja      = 別れの貝
|ja_rm   = Wakare no Kai
|ja_tl   = Seashell of Parting
|ko      = 이별의 조개
|ko_rm   = Ibyeol-ui Jogae
|ko_tl   = Clam of Farewell
|es      = Cauri de la Despedida
|es_tl   = Cowry of Parting
|fr      = Pétoncle de séparation
|fr_tl   = Scallop of Separation
|ru      = Раковина разлуки
|ru_tl   = Shell of Separation
|th      = Cowry of Parting
|vi      = Vỏ Sò Ly Biệt
|vi_tl   = Parting Seashell
|de      = Muschel des Abschieds
|de_tl   = Shell of Parting
|id      = Cowry of Parting
|pt      = Concha da Separação
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ayrılık Saati
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ciprea dell'addio
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Ocean-Hued Clam}}

[[fr:Pétoncle de séparation]]
[[id:Cowry of Parting]]
[[ja:別れの貝]]