{{Character_Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Coya.png
|group            = Qucusaurus
|group2           = Saurians
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Flower-Feather Clan
|mother           = Chimpu
|child            = Chime
|sibling          = Chasca
|siblingNote      = adoptive human sister
}}
'''Coya''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in {{Quest|Guns and Wings}}.

==Profile==
Coya is the daughter of the [[Qucusaurus]] [[Chimpu]], and her name was given to her by [[Chasca]]. After Chimpu adopted a young Chasca into her family, Coya would often play with Chasca. When Chasca became of age, Chimpu made the decision to return Chasca back into human society, something which Coya vehemently opposed, as she did not trust humans. Chasca ultimately decided to return to society and began developing new relationships, spending less time with Coya. When she was ready to leave the nest herself a few years later, Coya sought out Chasca at the [[Flower-Feather Clan]] and asked her to join her in living out in the wilderness together. However, by this time Chasca had gotten used to being with her own kind and when she hesitated in answering, Coya recognized her reluctance to leave the village. This led to Coya becoming increasingly embittered and she flew off, severely damaging relations between the two. Coya would still maintain communication with her mother.

At some point after leaving, Coya made a nest on a small island near [[Ochkanatlan]], as it was far from human civilization, and eventually had a hatchling, [[Chime]]. Despite the seclusion of the location, a group of merchants led by [[Isidore]] would sneak onto her island and kidnap her daughter, enraging Coya. She tracked the hunters to the Flower-Feather Clan and attacked them, which caught Chasca's attention as qucusaurs did not tend to attack people unprovoked. During one of these confrontations, Chasca discovered Coya, who fled upon seeing her. Wondering what would cause Coya to attack humans, Chasca decided to ask her "mother," Chimpu, to ask on her behalf.

Chimpu led Chasca and the Traveler to Coya's nest, where she asked her what happened. Coya revealed that humans had come and kidnapped her child, just as Isodore and his lackeys arrived to capture them. They were promptly defeated by Chasca and the Traveler, and Chasca pledged to help Coya find her daughter. As they left, Coya contemplated following them, which Chimpu encouraged.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Tracks Through the Wilderness}}</ref> Coya would follow the two to [[Tepal]]'s workshop, where she became enraged at the sight of other qucusauri being abused. They were eventually confronted by the true mastermind, [[Allpa]], who threatened Chime if they did not stand down. Coya told Chime that she was worried of doing something unmotherly, but Chime encouraged her to do so, and she rammed Allpa, damaging the relic powering the workshop. 

Coya and Chasca attempted to take the relic a safe distance away, but Allpa shoved Chasca, believing that the tribe's safety couldn't be given to a wild animal and she attempted to sacrifice herself to do so. Chasca and Coya quickly developed a plan, using the skills they employed when they played together as youngsters, shoving Allpa away. The relic exploded and Coya shielded Chasca from the blast, much to her surprise. After Allpa and her lackeys were apprehended, Coya was brought to the Feather-Flower village for treatment. [[Cusco]] took a quick look at Coya and determined that she was not actually hurt by the blast; rather, her condition was due to old injuries playing up and her body releasing all of her tension at once after overexerting herself.

Chasca later apologized to Coya for her actions back then, but Coya had forgiven her, much to her surprise. Chime and Chimpu arrived shortly afterwards, and Coya believed that she had forgiven Chasca when she had a family of her own, though she admitted she was enraged when she initially thought that Chasca was working with the merchants.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Time for the Showdown}}</ref>

Upon learning that the Traveler was venturing into the Night Kingdom to defeat [[Gosoythoth]], Coya accompanied Chasca and met with them as a projection. Chasca reveals that after their adventure, they resolved their differences and Coya understood why Chasca returned to human society &mdash; love and happiness, which Coya told Chasca that she cherished and would do anything to protect it.

===Appearance===
Coya is a Qucusaurus with various scars on her body.

==Quest and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Gallery==
===Quest Stills===
{{Files by Character Gallery|Quest Stills}}

==Trivia==
*''Coyatoc'' (From {{w|Zoque_languages|Zoque languages}}: "House of Rabbits") was the original name of ''Tuchtlan''; which was the land and pre-Hispanic settlement where {{w|Zoque_people|Zoque people}} used to live.
**Coyatoc was located where is now the Mexican city of {{w|Tuxtla_Gutiérrez|Tuxtla Gutiérrez}}. 
===Etymology===
*''Coya'' means "rabbit" in {{w|Zoque_languages|Zoque languages}}.
*{{Lang|{{wt|coya|Coya}}|qu=Quya}} is the wife of the {{w|Sapa Inca}} in the {{wt|Inca Empire}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Coya
|zhs      = 柯娅
|zhs_rm   = Kēyà
|zht      = 柯婭
|zht_rm   = Kēyà
|ja       = コヤ
|ko       = 코야
|es       = Coya
|fr       = Coya
|ru       = Коя
|th       = Coya
|vi       = Coya
|de       = Coya
|id       = Coya
|pt       = Coya
|tr       = Coya
|it       = Coya
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}

==Reflist==
{{Reflist}}