{{Terminology Infobox
|image = Icon Crafting Small.png
|type  = Crafting Methods
|type2 = Game Systems
}}
'''Crafting''' is a [[Crafting Method]] available at [[Crafting Benches]] to perform [[Alchemy]].

It allows players to crafti higher rarity [[Common Ascension Materials|Character and Weapon Ascension Materials]], [[Weapon Ascension Materials]], [[Character Talent Materials]], [[Potions]], and [[Character Ascension Materials]]. [[Gadgets]] can also be crafted after obtaining their [[Instructions]].

==List of Crafting Recipes==
===Character and Weapon Ascension Materials===
{{Alchemy Recipes|type=Common Ascension Materials}}

===Weapon Ascension Materials===
{{Alchemy Recipes|type=Weapon Ascension Materials}}

===Character Talent Materials===
{{Alchemy Recipes|type=Talent Level-Up Materials}}

===Potions===
{{Alchemy Recipes|type=Potions|infobox=Food}}

===Character Ascension Materials===
{{Alchemy Recipes|type=Character Ascension Materials}}

===Gadgets===
{{Alchemy Recipes|type=Gadgets}}

===Bait===
{{Alchemy Recipes|type=Bait}}

===Quest and Special Items===
{{Alchemy Recipes|type=Lantern Rite Materials¦Quest Items|text=Quest and Special Items}}

==Character Bonuses==
Certain characters have [[Talents]] that provides a bonus while performing crafting.

{{Talents by Category Table|Crafting Talents}}

===Efficiency===
The crafting bonuses from talents are typically one of the following:
* 25% chance to refund one count of one material used
* 20% chance to refund one count of one material used
* 10% chance to double the product

Over time, in terms of the '''number of additional products''', these bonuses for recipes using three items are effectively:
* 25% chance to refund one count of one material used: on average, for every three materials used, '''~0.09 products can be obtained additionally''' if the refunded materials are also used up
* 20% chance to refund one count of one material used: on average, for every three materials used, '''~0.07 products can be obtained additionally''' if the refunded materials are also used up
* 10% chance to double the product: on average, for every three materials used, '''0.10 products can be obtained additionally'''

In terms of the '''materials used per products''', these bonuses are effectively:

* 25% chance to refund one count of one material used: on average, '''0.25 fewer materials required per product'''
* 20% chance to refund one count of one material used: on average, '''0.20 fewer materials required per product'''
* 10% chance to double the product: on average, '''~0.27 fewer materials required per product''', if three materials are used per craft

Between these two bonuses, the 10% chance to double the product bonus will yield slightly more products over time for recipes requiring three materials.

====Derivations====
;25% chance refund
Suppose one starts with <math>x_0</math> materials. For every 3 materials the probability of getting one back is p, so the expected number of materials refunded is <math>x_0\left(\tfrac{p}{3}\right)</math>. One can also use these refunded materials to craft even more and get more refunded materials back. The expected number of materials refunded from these is <math>x_0(\tfrac{p}{3})^2</math>. One can continue this process, so that theoretically, the number of materials gained is:
:<math>x_0[\tfrac{p}{3} + (\tfrac{p}{3})^2 + (\tfrac{p}{3})^3 + \ldots] = \tfrac{x_0}{3/p-1}</math>
when summing the {{w|geometric series}}. This means that <math>\tfrac{1}{3/p-1}</math> more materials are gained from these passive talents. In turn, one will be able to craft around <math>\tfrac{1}{3/p-1}</math> portion more products (or <math>\tfrac{1}{3/p-1}</math> more products per 3 materials used).

So the total amount of materials that can be used for crafting is <math>x_0 + \tfrac{x_0}{3/p-1} = \tfrac{x_0}{1-p/3}</math> meaning one can craft <math>\tfrac{x_0}{3-p}</math> products. Thus with the passive talent, the amount of materials used per product is <math>3-p</math> whereas otherwise it would be 3. Hence <math>3-(3-p)=p</math> fewer materials per product are used.

For <math>p=1/4=25\%</math> this means 0.25 fewer materials per product are used and <math>\tfrac{1}{11} \approx 9\%</math> more products can be crafted (or .09 more products per 3 materials used).

For <math>p=1/5=20\%</math> this means 0.20 fewer materials per product are used and <math>\tfrac{1}{14} \approx 7\%</math> more products can be crafted (or .07 more products per 3 materials used).

;10% chance double
Albedo and Eula have a 10% chance to yield double the product when crafting. Thus 10% more products will be gained with this passive.

So if one starts with <math>x_0</math> materials, they can gain <math>\tfrac{11x_0}{30}</math> products on average. With this passive, the amount of materials used per product is <math>\tfrac{30}{11}</math> so <math>3-\tfrac{30}{11} \approx 0.27</math> fewer materials per product are used on average.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Game Systems Navbox|Other}}