{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22039; 22040
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Crash Course on Inazuman Fashion.png
|npc           = Ogura Mio
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = 
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Ogura Mio; Tang Wen; Ramsay; Traveler
}}
'''''Crash Course on Inazuman Fashion''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
;Dye Material Version
#Talk to [[Ogura Mio]]
#Give the appropriate dye ingredients to Ogura Mio
#*Suspicious Material: [[Frog]], [[Lizard Tail]], [[Luminescent Spine]], or [[Slime Condensate]]
#*Normal Material: [[Berry]], [[Carrot]], [[Cor Lapis]], [[Mint]], [[Valberry]], or [[Wolfhook]]

;Pattern Version
#Talk to [[Ogura Mio]]
#Ask [[Tang Wen]] about the kimonos
#Ask [[Ramsay]] about the kimonos
#Report back to Ogura Mio

==Gameplay Notes==
* One of the two possible versions of the commission will be randomly assigned to the player.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Ogura Mio]], the owner of [[Ogura Textiles & Kimonos]], is rather anxious about something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Ogura Mio:''' This is no way to continue doing business...
:{{DIcon}} Is something the matter?
:'''Ogura Mio:''' Ah, I'm sorry. I was just  a little lost in my own thoughts. Are you here to buy some clothes?
:'''Ogura Mio:''' The high-class silks from [[Liyue]] remain out of stock, but we still have the latest kimonos.
:{{DIcon}} You used to import material from Liyue?
:'''Ogura Mio:''' Yes. Before, we were often able to secure high-end silk from Liyue such as those that the [[Feiyun Commerce Guild]] makes from [[Silk Flower]]s.

;''(Before completing [[Transient Dreams]])''
::'''Ogura Mio:''' But with the current situation here, we haven't been able to import that sort of silk in a while now. We've been having to rely on our existing stock to continue operations.
::'''Ogura Mio:''' Every bolt of silk we use here is one we're not getting back...

;''(After completing [[Transient Dreams]])''
::'''Ogura Mio:''' But at the moment, we have yet to reestablish connections with our suppliers, so we can only work with the stock we still have.
::'''Ogura Mio:''' As such, every bolt of silk we use here is one we're not getting back...

:'''Ogura Mio:''' I originally planned to design some novel kimono patterns myself, or use some new dyes to make new cloth and attract customers.
<!-- either dialogue will randomly show up -->
===Dye Material Version===
:'''Ogura Mio:''' But I've been unable to come up with anything that might be considered "new" dyes...
:'''Ogura Mio:''' Considering your many journeys, Traveler, I'm sure you've seen a great deal. Have you encountered any dye-work that you might consider "novel"?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, I've seen some alright.
::'''Ogura Mio:''' I&mdash;Is that so?
::'''Ogura Mio:''' If you could, please help me broaden my horizons. Find me some base materials from which I can might make new types of dye.
::'''Ogura Mio:''' I will take care of the payment. Again, thank you so much!
:{{DIcon}} Do you only need dyes?
::'''Ogura Mio:''' In these circumstances, I think that's the only thing I can do at the moment...
::'''Ogura Mio:''' If you know of any such base material that can be used to make "new" dyes, please bring them to me. I'll arrange for the necessary payment.

;(Talk to Ogura Mio)
:'''Ogura Mio:''' Have you found any suitable base materials?
;(After giving her [[Frog]], [[Lizard Tail]], [[Luminescent Spine]] or [[Slime Condensate]])
::'''Ogura Mio:''' Th&mdash;these... Are you sure that these can be used in dyes? I can't say I've ever heard of them...
::'''Ogura Mio:''' O&mdash;Oh well, I suppose I'll just give it a go. Here, Traveler, take these as a token of my appreciation...
;(After giving her [[Berry]], [[Carrot]], [[Cor Lapis]], [[Mint]], [[Valberry]], or [[Wolfhook]])
::'''Ogura Mio:''' Ah, so that's what you've brought. Yes, yes, I do think that these colors will be quite the novelty indeed.
::'''Ogura Mio:''' Thanks so much for getting me these, Traveler. I'll give them a try in a moment &mdash; please take this as compensation for your efforts.
::'''Ogura Mio:''' I wonder what colors we'll be able to get...
;(Commission ends)

===Pattern Version===
:'''Ogura Mio:''' But I can't think of anything that might be considered a "novel" pattern...
:'''Ogura Mio:''' Traveler, you've seen a lot, I'm sure. Have you encountered any designs that you might consider "novel"?
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't say so, exactly...
:'''Ogura Mio:''' Ah, I see. Um, this might be rather presumptuous of me, but... could you help me ask other outlanders about patterns that we could use?
:'''Ogura Mio:''' I'm the only one running Ogura Textiles & Kimonos at the moment, so I can't leave the store. If I want to gather information, I can only ask others to do it for me.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:'''Ogura Mio:''' Great, let me think... You should go ask Miss [[Tang Wen]] and Mr. [[Ramsay]]. Perhaps they will have some new ideas.

;(Talk to Ogura Mio)
:'''Ogura Mio:''' Perhaps Miss Tang Wen and Mr. Ramsay will have some new ideas...

;(Talk to Tang Wen)
:'''Tang Wen:''' ...
:'''Tang Wen:''' Ah, hello. I was thinking about something, and I didn't notice you. Sorry.
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, do you have any ideas for kimono patterns?
:'''Tang Wen:''' Kimono patterns? I'm afraid I don't know anything about that...
:'''Tang Wen:''' But if you were to ask me... I think that books might look great as a design on a kimono.
:'''Tang Wen:''' Hmm, books printed on kimonos... Now wouldn't that be interesting...

;(Talk to Ramsay)
:'''Ramsay:''' Hello, are you an outlander who came to Inazuma too? Ah, we've become a real rare sight recently.
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, do you have any ideas for kimono patterns?
:'''Ramsay:''' Kimono patterns? Haha, I'm not exactly an expert on that.
:'''Ramsay:''' But if I were to choose a design, I'd go with tea sets. Those would look neat on a kimono.
:'''Ramsay:''' A kimono printed with a tea set design... Hahaha, now that certainly would have an Inazuman feel.

;(Report back to Ogura Mio)
:'''Ogura Mio:''' So did you ask them about it?
:{{DIcon}} I did.
:'''Ogura Mio:''' Great! So what did they say?
:{{Black Screen|''The Traveler summarizes everyone's thoughts for Ogura Mio...''}}
:'''Ogura Mio:''' Books and... tea sets? That sounds interesting.
:'''Ogura Mio:''' But how should we make them exactly? Hmm, I need to give this a bit more thought...
:'''Ogura Mio:''' Thank you, Traveler. This information has proved extremely useful to me. Please, accept these as a token of my appreciation.
;(Commission ends)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Crash Course on Inazuman Fashion
|zhs     = 稻妻时尚入门
|zhs_rm  = Dàoqī Shíshàng Rùmén
|zht     = 稻妻時尚入門
|zht_rm  = Dàoqī Shíshàng Rùmén
|zh_tl   = Introduction to Inazuma Fashion
|ja      = 稲妻ファッション入門
|ja_rm   = Inazuma Fasshon Nyuumon
|ja_tl   = Introduction to Inazuma Fashion
|ko      = 이나즈마 패션 입문기
|ko_rm   = Inajeuma Paesyeon Ipmungi
|ko_tl   = Inazuma Fashion Introduction
|es      = Introducción a la moda de Inazuma
|es_tl   = Introduction to Inazuma's Fashion
|fr      = À la découverte de la mode d'Inazuma
|fr_tl   = Discovering the Fashion of Inazuma
|ru      = Базовые знания о моде Инадзумы
|ru_tl   = Basic Knowledge About Inazuma Fashion
|th      = หลักสูตรเร่งรัดของแฟชั่น Inazuma
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Rushed Course of Inazuman Fashion
|vi      = Nhập Môn Thời Trang Inazuma
|vi_tl   = Introduction to Inazuma Fashion
|de      = Einführung in die Inazuma-Mode
|de_tl   = Introduction into Inazuma-Fashion
|id      = Kursus Singkat Fashion Inazuma
|id_tl   = Crash Course on Inazuman Fashion
|pt      = Introdução a Moda de Inazuma
|pt_tl   = Introduction to Inazuma's Fashion
|tr      = Hızlandırılmış Inazuma Modası Programı
|tr_tl   = Express Inazuma Fashion Program
|it      = Corso intensivo sulla moda di Inazuma
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|Standalone}}

[[es:Introducción a la moda de Inazuma]]
[[fr:À la découverte de la mode d'Inazuma]]
[[pt-br:Introdução a Moda de Inazuma]]
[[ru:Базовые знания о моде Инадзумы]]