{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Archon Quest C0A1 Crash Course.png
|id            = 00361
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Outlander Who Caught the Wind
|part          = 9
|startLocation = [[Thousand Winds Temple]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Thousand Winds Temple
|prev          = Knights of Favonius (Quest)
|next          = Shadow Over Mondstadt
|concurrent    = Winds of the Past
|concurrent2   = Sparks Amongst the Pages
|domain        = Deep Within the Temple of the Wolf
|exp           = 275
|mora          = 3,000
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Kaeya}}{{Card|Traveler's Handy Sword}}{{Card|Character EXP|1,550}}{{Card|Enhancement Ore|3}}
|characters    = Diluc;Kaeya;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|1|part=9}}

==Steps==
# Meet [[Kaeya]] at the temple
# Talk to Kaeya
# Enter the temple
#* Enter [[Temple of the Wolf]]'s Quest Domain: [[Deep Within the Temple of the Wolf]]
# Talk to Kaeya
#* Kaeya will join the party as a trial character
# Explore the temple's depths
# Destroy Stormterror's crystal in the Temple of the Wolf
# Leave the temple

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Kaeya]] will accompany you to explore the [[Temple of the Wolf]].}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Kaeya)
:{{A|vo mdaq029 2 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You've arrived.
:{{A|vo mdaq029 2 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Come closer. Can you smell that?
:{{DIcon}} ...I can't smell anything.
:{{DIcon}} It's the smell of burnt Pyro Slimes.
:{{A|vo mdaq029 2 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Something must have happened in the {{Color|buzzword|temple}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq029 2 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I imagine there will be slimes, hilichurls, and... whatever is giving Stormterror extra power.
:{{A|vo mdaq029 2 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh yes, it is going to be lively in there indeed!
:{{DIcon}} Will it be dangerous?
::{{A|vo mdaq029 2 kaeya 06a.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' As bustling as it may be &mdash; no, I can't imagine it will be dangerous at all.
:{{DIcon}} No doubt nothing more than a disorderly mob of creatures.
::{{A|vo mdaq029 2 kaeya 06b.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, ho-ho! You're quite the brave one, aren't you!
:{{A|vo mdaq029 2 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' It's a pity that the Temple of the Wolf has been disturbed by such an atrocity.
:{{A|vo mdaq029 2 kaeya 08a.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Let's head in, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo mdaq029 2 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' No one makes offerings to The Four Winds anymore, yet the old winds never vanish...
:{{A|vo mdaq029 2 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' We need to clear out the temples, for The Four Winds.

;(Talk to Kaeya again)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq029 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' My first chance to fight beside you.
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq029 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Think we'll make a good team?
----
;(Approach Kaeya inside the temple)
:{{A|vo mdaq030 4 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Let me show you how the Knights of Favonius conquer our adversaries!
:;(Kaeya joins you as a trial character in the domain)

;(Enter the first room)
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hmm. If I'm not mistaken, the end of the temple should be up there.
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... How do you know?
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Heh, experience.
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...The kind of experience you get after years of dealing with things like this for others.

;(Defeat all the hilichurls in the room)
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Traveler... Unless I'm mistaken, you don't seem to have a Vision.
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' So how exactly is it that you're able to channel elemental energy?
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It was a very strange occurrence.

;(Approach the wind current)
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, finally... we're here.
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Seems the path ends here. Let's use the {{Color|buzzword|wind currents}} to fly up.

;(Break the Hydro Amber)
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Water! We can use this to put out fire!
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Good idea. That's some keen observation.
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' We should get Jean to give you a title and make you a knight.

;(After crossing the first set of underwater spikes)
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Speaking of, did you know?
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Stormterror was once one of The Four Winds.
:{{A|vo mdaq030 5 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm not aware of the exact details. If you're interested, you can ask the Acting Grand Master about it.

;(Approach Stormterror's crystal)
:{{A|vo mdaq031 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that the thing that Stormterror is using to gain its power?
:{{A|vo mdaq031 6 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Seems probable. Let's deal with it.

;(After destroying Stormterror's crsytal)
:{{A|vo mdaq031 6 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Bravo! What a performance!
:{{A|vo mdaq031 6 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You are, to my surprise, a well-trained knight.
:{{A|vo mdaq031 6 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The battles you just fought were sights to behold.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks, that's nice of you to say...
:{{DIcon}} Not worth complimenting really...
:{{A|vo mdaq031 6 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha, I see you already have the knightly virtue of modesty.
:{{A|vo mdaq031 6 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Stories of your heroic deeds to save Mondstadt from destruction shall be known throughout the City of Freedom, well into the future.
:{{A|vo mdaq031 6 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Please do visit me at our headquarters when you have the time.
:{{A|vo mdaq031 6 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I also know a lovely tavern, if that's more your thing.
----
;(A cinematic begins)
{{Cutscene Description|After finishing some "clean up" with Kaeya, he stays behind by himself to take care of the aftermath — that is to say, taking care of the Abyss Mage pulling strings behind the scenes. As the two confront one another, an [[Diluc|unfamiliar red-headed man]] appears and disposes of the Abyss Mage with ease. Looks like another player has entered the fray...
}}
:{{A|vo mdaq031 7 cs kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Quite rewarding, no?
:{{A|vo mdaq031 7 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've seized another temple from Stormterror's grasp!
:{{A|vo mdaq031 7 cs kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I can take care of the rest here. You go take care of other things while I'm at it.
:{{A|vo mdaq031 7 cs paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See you later then, bye-bye~!
:;(The Traveler and Paimon leave)
:{{A|vo mdaq031 7 cs kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' There's no way hilichurls organized an ambush like this themselves &mdash; not with their limited mental capacity...
:;(A Hydro Abyss Mage reveals itself)
:{{A|vo mdaq031 7 cs kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Thus YOU were behind this.
:{{A|vo mdaq031 7 cs abyss 02.ogg}} '''Hydro Abyss Mage:''' Gohus, Chiso Vonph.
:;(A red-headed man defeats the Abyss Mage)
:{{A|vo mdaq031 7 cs diluc 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Knights of Favonius... Always so inefficient.
:{{A|vo mdaq031 7 cs kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Agree to disagree. But, your involvement in this just made things a whole lot more interesting.
----
;(After leaving the temple - if this is the third temple that has been cleared, the skies clear up)
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew, it's finally done.
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, all that "ley flow" and "elemental lines" stuff Lisa was going on about should hopefully be back to normal.
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wanna go back and see how the {{Color|buzzword|Knights}} are doing?
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But if you got anything more interesting to do, Paimon can come too!
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, we obtained another Anemoculus in one of The Four Winds' temples, right?
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We might come across more of them in the future, so don't forget to offer them to the Statues!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Tutorial==
{{Transclude|Tutorial/Crash Course}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/pe3UvQSLKfE
|caption1 = Deep Within the Temple of the Wolf Domain Guide (5 Chests)
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Crash Course
|zhs     = 骑士的现场教习
|zhs_rm  = Qíshì de Xiànchǎng Jiàoxí
|zht     = 騎士的現場教習
|zht_rm  = Qíshì de Xiànchǎng Jiàoxí
|zh_tl   = Knight's On-Site Training
|ja      = 騎士の現場教習
|ja_rm   = Kishi no Genba Kyoushuu{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Knight's On-Site Training
|ko      = {{tt|기사|騎士}}의 {{tt|현장학습|現場學習}}
|ko_rm   = Gisa-ui Hyeonjang-Hakseup
|ko_tl   = Knight's On-Site Learning
|es      = Curso intensivo
|es_tl   = Intensive Course
|fr      = Entraînement sur le terrain
|fr_tl   = Field Training
|ru      = Полоса препятствий
|ru_tl   = Obstacle Course
|th      = การฝึกสอนภาคสนามของอัศวิน
|th_rm   = Kan fuekson pha khot nam khong atsawin
|th_tl   = Field Training of the Knights
|vi      = {{tt|Luyện Tập|練習}} {{tt|Hiện Trường|現場}} Của {{tt|Kỵ Sĩ|騎士}}
|vi_tl   = Knight's On-Site Training
|de      = Ein Kurs im Rittersein
|de_tl   = A Course in Knighthood
|id      = Pelatihan Knight
|id_tl   = Knight Training
|pt      = Curso Intensivo
|pt_tl   = Intensive Course
|tr      = Hızlandırılmış Program
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Corso intensivo
|it_tl   = Intensive Course
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}
[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[es:Curso intensivo]]
[[fr:Entraînement sur le terrain]]
[[id:Pelatihan Knight]]
[[ja:騎士の現場教習]]
[[pl:Kurs zderzeniowy]]
[[pt-br:Curso Intensivo]]
[[th:การฝึกสอนภาคสนามของอัศวิน]]
[[vi:Luyện Tập Hiện Trường Của Kỵ Sĩ]]