{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Creation Small.png
|type         = Crafting Methods
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Creation''' is a [[Crafting Method]] used to create [[Furnishings]] for the [[Serenitea Pot]]. It can be accessed by speaking to [[Tubby]].

Furnishings require both a [[blueprint]] and [[Serenitea Pot Materials#Furnishing Materials|furnishing materials]]. They take 12–16 hours to create, depending on the rarity of the item. Certain [[#Creation Talents|talents]] can refund a portion of materials for certain furnishings. Furnishings can be immediately created using {{Item|Vial of Adeptal Speed|20}}. Creating a furnishing for the first time rewards a certain amount of {{Item|Trust|20}}.

{| class="article-table"
!Rarity !! {{Item|Trust|20}} !! Creation Time
|-
|{{Icon/Stars|1}} || 1, 100 || &mdash;
|-
|{{Icon/Stars|2}} || 10, 30 || 12 Hours
|-
|{{Icon/Stars|3}} || 20, 30, 60, 100 || 14 Hours
|-
|{{Icon/Stars|4}} || 30, 90 || 16 Hours
|-
|{{Icon/Stars|5}} || 750 || &mdash;
|}

[[Friends]] that visit the Serenitea Pot can help speed-up all the furnishings in the Creation Queue by 4 hours. When attempting to help make the creation quicker, a different message will appear according to different case.

* If there's no furnishing in the Creation Queue or the furnishings are created, the message "Not creating any furnishings" will appear.
* If all the furnishing in the Creation Queue has reached the speed-up limit, "Support limited reached" will appear.
* If the player attempts to speed-up the same friend more than once in a day, "No remaining support attempts" will appear.

The current limit on the number of Friends each player can help in a day is limited by the capacity of the friend list. Friends who helped speed-up any of the creations is recorded in the Guest Assistance (the button is located at the bottom left of the screen when Creation Queue is in focus).

Canceling furnishings while they are in the Creation Queue will fully refund the materials used.

==Creation Talents==
{{Talents by Category Table|Creation Talents}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Game Systems Navbox|Other}}