{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12045
|image         = Story Quest Crisis at the Aisa Bathhouse.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = 
|character     = Yumemizuki Mizuki
|chapter       = Tapirus Somniator Chapter
|act           = Dream Eater's Melancholia
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|characters    = Aikawa Susumu; Emura Chuuya; Hyakujitsuhaku Shion; Kanai; Paimon; Shiba Murasaki; Susukida; Traveler; Umihiko; Yae Miko; Yumemizuki Mizuki
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|poi           = 
|prev          = Encounter in the Realm of Dreams
|next          = A Deceit Called Happiness
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*375;Mora*31,125;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Crisis at the Aisa Bathhouse''''' is the second quest in {{Quest|Dream Eater's Melancholia}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Aisa Bathhouse]]
# Meet [[Yumemizuki Mizuki|Mizuki]]
# Follow Mizuki's instructions
# Undergo treatment
# Exit the nightmare
# Talk to Mizuki
# Experience the other services
# Go to the address [[Yae Miko|Miko]] mentioned
# Ask around for information on [[Emura Chuuya|Emura Ichigensai]]
# Look around
# Talk to Paimon
# Meet with Emura Ichigensai
# Return to the [[Aisa Bathhouse]]
# Go to where you first met Mizuki

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You and Paimon follow the address on Mizuki's invitation and find your way to the Aisa Bathhouse. However, before you take the chance to enjoy a pleasant soak, it strikes you that business at the bathhouse isn't going so well...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Aisa Bathhouse)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aisa Bathhouse... Well, based on the letter, this should be the place.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks familiar... Hm, we've walked past here several times before, right? Just never gone inside.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 aikawasusumu 01.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' Are you here to visit the Aisa Bathhouse?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Where'd you come from!?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 aikawasusumu 02.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' Oh, sorry... Forgive me, I didn't mean to intrude. We've been struggling to attract customers recently, so I got a little over-excited when I heard you discussing my bathhouse...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Your" bathhouse? So you run the place, huh? And business isn't going so great, you say?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 aikawasusumu 03.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' Oops... please, forget I said that, it just slipped out. Now, do you have an appointment?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... we have a VIP pass. Can we use it now?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 aikawasusumu 04.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' What? ...Ugh, I've told them before, a promotional gimmick isn't gonna magically fix our business. Who issued this thing... Wait, is that Miss Yumemizuki's signature?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 aikawasusumu 05.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' I'm so sorry, I had no idea you were invited here by Miss Yumemizuki... Please, feel free to redeem your VIP pass now if you'd like. Just give your names at reception.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like she has a lot of clout... But aren't you supposed to be the boss?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 aikawasusumu 06.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' I am, yes, but Miss Yumemizuki is a major shareholder. The business never would've gotten off the ground without her investment...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 aikawasusumu 07.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' It's no cause for alarm though &mdash; she's a very responsible person. In addition to being a shareholder, she's also personally involved in our day-to-day business.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 aikawasusumu 08.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' She only returned to Inazuma recently &mdash; otherwise, I'm sure you'd have heard of her by now. She's a highly renowned clinical psychologist.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 7 aikawasusumu 09.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' Please, head on in.

;(Talk to Aikawa Susumu, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mzklq002 aikawasusumu 01.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' Aren't you going to head inside? Believe me, Miss Yumemizuki will not disappoint!
----
;(Enter Aisa Bathouse)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' An indoor hot spring? Paimon's gotta give that a try!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 hyakujitsuhakushion 01.ogg}} '''Flustered Attendant:''' Hello! I'll be right with you&mdash; Aah!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you okay?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 hyakujitsuhakushion 02.ogg}} '''Flustered Attendant:''' *grimace* ...Sorry! I'm so clumsy sometimes... But don't worry about me! Putting customers in a bad mood is the last thing I want.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 hyakujitsuhakushion 03.ogg}} '''Flustered Attendant:''' I promise I'll provide an excellent service! P&mdash;Please don't leave...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 shibamurasaki 01.ogg}} '''Lazy Attendant:''' How many times do I have to tell you? You breaking a few plates isn't the reason we've been losing business. Stop apologizing for yourself all the time &mdash; all it does is make you look like an easy target.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's all good, we're not out to target anyone... You didn't hurt yourself, did you?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 hyakujitsuhakushion 04.ogg}} '''Flustered Attendant:''' ...Nope, don't worry! As long as it didn't ruin your experience, that's all that matters! Now, um... looks like you'll be my first customers today, so, so... according to our standards of service, I need to, um, umm...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why is she so panicky...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 shibamurasaki 02.ogg}} '''Lazy Attendant:''' *sigh*...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually, we're&mdash;
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' [[Shion]], let me see to these two. They're my guests.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aha, there she is! Baku lady is back!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 hyakujitsuhakushion 05.ogg}} '''Shion:''' So Mizuki invited you here? As VIPs? ...Does this mean you're gonna save the Bathhouse!?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhhh...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 shibamurasaki 03.ogg}} '''Lazy Attendant:''' She means, you must be very wealthy. Not everyone can afford our VIP service, after all.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 shibamurasaki 04.ogg}} '''Lazy Attendant:''' But a couple of customers with cash to splash doesn't solve anything in the long run. You should focus on what to do about our new competitor.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Aw, [[Murasaki]], was that you showing some concern for our business? I'm touched.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 shibamurasaki 05.ogg}} '''Murasaki:''' Did not...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Since you're so eager to find solutions, you can work on our most pressing task &mdash; bringing our accounts up to date. With your smarts, I'm sure you'll fly through it.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 shibamurasaki 06.ogg}} '''Murasaki:''' ...Subtext being, you can't give it to Shion, because she's a moron and she'd screw it up?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Shion, I'll take things from here. What I'd like you to do is head to the kitchen and prepare some of your very best snacks for our VIPs.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 hyakujitsuhakushion 06.ogg}} '''Shion:''' Will do! That's my specialty...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Sorry to keep you waiting. I have to keep our staff calm to ensure you have the best experience.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' The panicky little girl is Hyakujitsuhaku Shion, and the lazy lady is Shiba Murasaki. They're both [[baku]], just like me.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... so the older-looking one is actually younger? And the younger-looking one is older?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 07.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' That's right. How we choose to appear is just a matter of personal preference. It's more reflective of our personality than our age.
:{{DIcon}} Come on, Paimon. We've seen weirder stuff than this.
:{{DIcon}} Wow! I never would have guessed!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 08.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Anyway, enough about them &mdash; back to you two. Per the terms of the VIP pass, you're entitled to free use of all our services: so the spa, the fine dining, and psychological consultancy.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 09.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I would recommend starting with the psychological consultancy. Between me and you, one of the steps involves getting your bad dreams eaten.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 10.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Since I ate one of {{Traveler}}'s good dreams by accident, this seemed like the best way to make amends.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, we get to have our bad dreams eaten by a yumekui-baku? That sounds fun!
:{{DIcon}} But is this a wise decision, given the current state of the business?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's a good point. You've been having some difficulties recently, right? It wouldn't feel right to get all this free service while you're struggling... Is there anything we can do to help out?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 11.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...I take it you overheard [[Aikawa Susumu|Mr. Aikawa]] complaining about our current situation?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 12.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I am sorry to cause you concern. Mr. Aikawa is a smart businessman, but he tends to worry too much about short-term profits and lose sight of the big picture.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 13.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Our financial situation is nowhere near as dire as you're imagining. And in any case, passing our business woes onto our customers is hardly the solution.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 14.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Please enjoy the services we have to offer. Once you've experienced our hospitality for yourselves, I'm quite sure your confidence in our future prospects will be restored.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can't argue with that! Let's get started!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 15.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Of course. The only thing is, psychological consultancy is a one-on-one service that takes quite a long time. But I can't just make one of you wait around while the other one is in therapy.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 16.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' So... Perhaps I can treat {{Traveler}} while Shion treats Paimon? Would that work?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fine by Paimon! But uh... is she up for it?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 17.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' She'll be fine. I noticed how gentle and encouraging you were towards her earlier. You're the perfect client for her.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, uh... hehe...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 18.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Secondly, Shion's therapeutic approach is a little different from mine... it often involves food. So she might be a better fit for you.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Food therapy? Oh, that sounds perfect!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 19.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Alright then, {{Traveler}}, please follow me.
:{{DIcon}} Was all that just so you could be paired with me?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 20.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Don't get me wrong, Paimon is genuinely better suited to Shion. But in all honesty &mdash; yes, I had my own reasons for wanting to treat you myself.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 21.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Your psychology is so unique. I just had to investigate further to satisfy my own curiosity.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 22.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Please, come with me.

;(Talk to Mizuki, optional)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 9 mizuki 23.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Before we begin, please take a seat on this chair.

;(Sit on the chair)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' There's a theory which suggests that we bury our most powerful emotions deep within our dreams. That's the territory I would like to explore.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Before I start, I'm going to ask you a few questions. I want you to nod your head for yes and shake your head for no. Alright?

;(If the player didn't respond for some time)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 07.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...{{Traveler}}? Hellooo? It's not time to fall asleep just yet.

;(If the player shakes their head for the first time)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' What's the problem? Are you expecting me to bribe you with candy like a little child?

;(If the player shakes their head again)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Are we going to keep testing my patience?

;(If the player moves their head in a diagonal direction)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Are you... trying to relax your neck muscles? Remind me to teach you the proper technique some time.

;(If the player nods their head)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Very good. Now, I am going to plant a few thoughts in your subconscious, but it's nothing to get nervous about. Just a way to improve your sleep quality so the treatment will be more effective.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 08.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' This is an incense from [[Sumeru]] that soothes the mind. The fragrance is said to be the "scent of dreams."
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 09.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Now, close your eyes, take a deep breath, and concentrate on the scent.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 10.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' The next step requires some visual preparation. So don't open your eyes until I say so.

:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 11.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Aw, where did it go?
:{{DIcon}} What is Mizuki looking for? Surely it can't hurt to take a quick peek?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 12.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' *sigh* I need to have a stern talk with Murasaki. How hard is it to just put things back where they came from...
<!-- Mizuki adjusts the painting -->
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 13.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Hmm... This needs another dab here.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 14.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Ahh, that's better.

;(If the player chooses to peek, optional)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 15.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I said no peeping... I'm still not ready yet.

:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 16.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Hey, don't run off now, darlings.
:{{DIcon}} "Darlings"? Now I'm curious... Maybe just a sneaky little peek?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 17.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Come here.
<!-- Mizuki picks something up and brings it to the painting -->
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 18.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' For goodness' sake, your butt's showing...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 19.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Alright, alright! Shh!

;(If the player chooses to peek, optional)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 20.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' *sigh* Let me do that for you.
:;(Mizuki closes the Traveler's eyes)

;(If the player chose to peek before)
::{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 21.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I can see that you don't like being kept waiting. Go on, open your eyes. Everything's ready.
;(If the player didn't peek at all)
::{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 22.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Ready. You can open your eyes now.
::{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 23.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' You kept your eyes closed the entire time! If only every patient was as compliant as you, it'd make our lives much easier... Here, you deserve a treat.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 24.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Take a good look at this painting &mdash; there are some very special little darlings hidden within it, and I'd like you to find them.

;(If the player looks up at Mizuki, optional)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 28.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Careful. When you look a psychologist directly in the eyes, they can see every little thing you are thinking.

;(If the player is idle for some time)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 27.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Oh, are your eyes feeling sore? If so, please feel free to take a break.

;(Upon finding the first baku)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 25.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Do you see her? Isn't she just adorable?
;(After finding the first baku)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 26.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Now, you just need to find the others.

;(After finding all three baku)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 29.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' She's a baku as well. Whenever someone starts dozing off, she's there waiting for their dream to begin.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 30.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Your journey into dreamland began as you were looking for them. Feeling sleepy?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 31.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Now, I want you to take my hand.

;(If the player didn't hold Mizuki's hand after some time)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 32.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' What's the matter? Feeling shy? Relax, this is just a part of the psychotherapeutic technique.

;(Hold Mizuki's hand)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 33.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Very good. Now, close your eyes again for me.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 34.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I want you to completely relax, and focus your attention on the feeling of my palm touching yours. Notice how all other sensations in your body are slowly fading away...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 35.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Now, imagine you're holding not my hand, but your favorite things in all of the world.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 36.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' You run your hand through the sakura blossoms gently falling through the air, then through a squirrel's fur... Then you grab a fistful of sand on the beach...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 37.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' You are once again in the wilderness, running with the wind at your back. But slowly, your palm loses sensation. You lose your way and find yourself surrounded by darkness.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 11 mizuki 38.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' You can't see anything. But you hear someone calling you... and now, a light is shining from the same direction as their voice...
<!-- black screen transition -->
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (What is this place...?)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 12 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' {{Traveler}}, come over here...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 12 mizuki 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Longing, caused by separation... It tastes so bitter. Please, don't stop moving.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 12 mizuki 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Despair, caused by failure... Icy-cold on the lips. Please, keep going.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 12 mizuki 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Regret, caused by missed opportunity... A sharp aftertaste. Please, don't look back.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 12 mizuki 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Go to where the sakura petals fall, go to where the squirrels play, go to where you can hear the sound of the waves...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 12 mizuki 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' That is where I am.
----<!-- black screen transition -->
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Holding my hand tight, those lost sensations come back to you...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' The feeling of running your hand through falling sakura blossoms, or through a squirrel's fur, or of grabbing a fistful of sand on the beach...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' And as you return from the wilderness, you gradually recover your other senses as well.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' We've reached the end of today's session. Don't get up yet, though &mdash; you were just in a very deep sleep, so you're probably still feeling a little groggy. I've switched to a different incense that'll help get rid of your drowsiness.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yawn... How you getting along, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Just finished.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' How are you feeling after your session, Paimon?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Kinda... fresher and more relaxed? It feels... cozy, somehow.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Good &mdash; that's exactly how you should feel after having a nightmare eaten. It sounds like the session was quite effective.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, for sure! Paimon especially liked how she used the sense of taste to help guide the process.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon was asleep for most of it, so she's not really sure how it all works. Do the yumekui-baku just, like... sneak into your brain and gulp down your bad dreams in one go?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 07.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' It's quite a bit more complicated than that. It deals with people's most visceral emotions, which have to be handled with the utmost care and attention...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds super mysterious...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 08.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...Sorry, that probably made no sense at all. Anyway, don't worry about the details. For your purposes, Paimon, just think of it as Shion gulped your dreams away.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 09.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' How are you feeling, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Just like Paimon described.
:{{DIcon}} Cozy.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 10.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Really? Hmm... I still think there's more work to be done...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you mean?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 11.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' You have quite a reputation for resilience and positivity. So, I expected to find very few negative emotions in you at all.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 12.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' But when I was deep in your subconscious earlier, the sheer weight of the emotions hidden there was overwhelming...
:{{DIcon}} Eh, I'm sure it's fine...
::{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 13a 1.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Well, even if you've buried those feelings deep enough to hide them from yourself, you can't hide them from a trained psychologist.
:{{DIcon}} I... do have quite a lot of baggage from my past...
::{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 13b 1.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Yes. You certainly do.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 14.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' But that's not what concerns me the most. Despite all your negative emotions, I couldn't find a single bad dream. So I just gave your mood a boost for now.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 paimon 07a.ogg}} {{A|vo mzklq002 13 paimon 07b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh. Well... maybe {{MC|m=he's|f=she's}} just an eternal optimist at heart?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 15.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Optimist or not, everyone has bad dreams. Maybe they're just hidden even deeper in your mind... You're a unique case, as I suspected.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 paimon 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo mzklq002 13 paimon 08b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But {{MC|f=s}}he said {{MC|f=s}}he feels cozy, just like Paimon. So whatever you did, the treatment worked!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 16.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' True, but as a clinician, I would have hoped to reach a better understanding of my patient.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like you want to keep researching me?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 17.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Fine by me, as long as you can put up with a daily nap while holding my hand.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 18.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Anyway, all jokes aside, it's time for you to try out the hot springs. Your mind has had the chance to de-stress, now it's time to do the same for your body.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, that sounds good... Paimon's feeling relaxed already.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know, this place provides a really great service. It's such a shame that you can't find more customers.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 19.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Don't start worrying about our bottom line again, or my work so far will count for nothing... Look &mdash; as long as we keep providing a great customer experience, we're sure to attract more business eventually.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... If you say so.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 13 mizuki 20.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I think {{Traveler}}'s recovered from the therapy session now. Let's head to the hot springs.
----
;(Leave the room)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... Most impressive, I must say...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko, what brings you here?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, there you are... I heard a rumor that you were about to be kidnapped. Naturally, I had to come and see it for myself.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...She's joking, right? Paimon can never quite tell with her.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...Miko. It's been a while.
:{{DIcon}} You know each other?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' She never mentioned? Interesting... We've known each other since before I became the Guuji. I've told her all about you... but it sounds like she's forgotten all about me.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 mizuki 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo mzklq002 14 mizuki 02b.ogg}}--> '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' You'll have to forgive me. I just didn't want to scare {{Traveler}} off... and "Hi, I'm Miko's friend" seemed like a sure-fire way to do that.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pff...
:{{DIcon}} Truth...
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't go that far...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, I've missed your way with words.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 mizuki 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' So, Lady Guuji. To what do we owe the honor?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Why, I simply came to see the business that my dear friend has invested in... Oh, and also to urge you to sell your shares before their value plummets to nothing.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You could always invest in the Yae Publishing House, you know... Business is always booming. You only need to ask.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds serious... But what's wrong? Are the shares really gonna plummet to nothing?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hasn't she told you? ...Tsk, of course. She's your therapist &mdash; she has the perfect excuse to never open up.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The Aisa Bathhouse used to be very popular &mdash; although not because of the hot springs, despite the name. Their main selling point has always been the psychotherapy services offered by the baku.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But recently, a competitor cropped up... His name is Emura Ichigensai. He operates right here on Narukami Island, and his methods are said to be quite revolutionary.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Since he provides a similar service to the bathhouse and boasts even better results, he was able to poach their entire clientele in just a matter of days.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' *sigh* It's such a pity to see how empty this place is now.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 mizuki 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Miko, my job is to relieve my clients of their burdens &mdash; not to share mine with them.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Of course you'd say that &mdash; you're a professional. But no amount of professionalism is going to fix this situation, is it?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I heard people have been lining up since the early morning for Emura Ichigensai's clinic today &mdash; he's seeing patients just west of Inazuma City. And how many patients have you seen today?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 mizuki 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...Surely you know I'm not going to quit?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' *sigh* ...True, very true.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...So that's it? You're just gonna leave?
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you two friends?
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you going to help?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, I'd love to help, little one. But I don't want to upset my old friend.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko's acting all mysterious again...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 mizuki 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I understand why she doesn't want to help. The two of us are technically competitors, after all.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 mizuki 07.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Light novels are one way for people to pursue happiness in their free time. So are hot springs, and so is therapy.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 mizuki 08.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Miko and I disagree quite significantly over the question of how to make people happy.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon is so confused by your friendship...
:{{DIcon}} It's definitely a quirky relationship.
:{{DIcon}} It's definitely a complicated relationship.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's curious though. After today, it's hard to believe that anyone could offer a better therapy service than the yumekui-baku. Which begs the question...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who is this Emura Ichigensai guy, anyway?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 mizuki 09.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...Something of a mystery. I tried to look into his background when he first started poaching my customers, but I couldn't find anything.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 mizuki 10.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I suspect he's avoiding me on purpose, since I'm a competitor. In all this time, I haven't even figured out basic things like where he sees his patients.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we at least know where he is today though, right? Miko happened to mention it in passing...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 mizuki 11.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' That's true... But I'm sure he'll find a way to avoid me again if I go looking for him...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then... why don't we go instead? We can pose as potential customers to get information out of him!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 mizuki 12.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' As I keep reminding you, this is my problem, not yours...
:{{DIcon}} Unless the Aisa Bathhouse ends up having to close...
:{{DIcon}} ...In which case, it becomes our problem too.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Exactly. You provide an amazing service here, and we want all our friends to experience it as well.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 mizuki 13.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Huh. Well, now it just seems rude if I reject your help... In return, all I can offer is an even better service on your next visit.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 14 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure thing! Just leave this to us!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|From Miko's sudden visit, you discover that the financial crisis at the Aisa Bathhouse is somehow related to a competitor. Seeing the trouble that Mizuki is in, you and Paimon agree to investigate this rival in business...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Susukida]] or [[Umihiko]], optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mzklq002 susukida 01.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' Do I know you?
:{{A|vo dialog mzklq002 umihiko 01.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' ...What?

;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This should be the place... That guy looks official. Let's go ask him.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi there! We're looking for Emura Ichigensai, are we in the right&mdash;
:{{A|vo mzklq002 16 kanai 01.ogg}} '''Kanai:''' Pay first, take a ticket, then wait your turn.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 16 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, okay...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 16 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ninety-seven... What number are you up to so far?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 16 kanai 02.ogg}} '''Kanai:''' Fifty-three. Be patient. I'll call your number when it's your turn.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 16 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Geez, what a charmer... Looks like we're in for a long wait, huh?
:{{DIcon}} Shall I knock him out, so we can barge straight in?
::{{A|vo mzklq002 16 paimon 06a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds kinda therapeutic in its own way... But we don't really have a good excuse to resort to violence here. And we definitely don't wanna scare off our target.
::{{A|vo mzklq002 16 paimon 06a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't we pass the time by talking to some of his other patients? It looks like there's a few of them standing over there.
:{{DIcon}} Shall we talk to the other patients while we wait?
::{{A|vo mzklq002 16 paimon 06b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, good idea! Hmm, it looks like there's a few of them over there. Let's go see what we can find out.

;(Talk to [[Kanai]], optional)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 16 kanai 01.ogg}} '''Kanai:''' Pay first, take a ticket, then wait your turn.

;(Talk to Susukida or Umihiko)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sorry to interrupt...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 susukida 01.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' Do I know you?
:{{DIcon}} (Show Ticket)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 susukida 02.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' ...Ah, so you're here for counselling too.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep! Fellow clients of Emura Ichigensai here. Although, this'll be our first time using his service, so&mdash;
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 susukida 03.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' "Service"? How crass. We're talking about spiritual guidance here, not some business transaction!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 umihiko 01.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' In fairness to them, they haven't experienced it yet. Ignorance among the uninitiated is only to be expected.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay... Well anyway, Aisa Bathhouse calls it a service...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 umihiko 02.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' Ah, more defectors from the bathhouse, huh? "Service" might have a veneer of professionalism, but all it really means is inadequate treatment that costs a fortune.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Why do you say that?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 susukida 04.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' I'll tell you why. After just a few sessions with Emura Ichigensai, you'll completely forget about all your troubles. From then on, it's happy thoughts only!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 susukida 05.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' Today's supposed to be my last counselling session. He says that after we're done, nothing will ever trouble me again!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 umihiko 03.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' Meanwhile, Aisa Bathhouse boasts about their strange and mysterious methods, but it's a total scam. They only treat the symptoms, not the root cause, meaning you have to go back time after time &mdash; all so they can keep charging you, of course.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 susukida 06.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' Exactly. Overpriced and ineffective. But counselling from Emura Ichigensai? I can't get enough! I know I'm done after today, but I'd take any excuse to keep coming back!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 umihiko 04.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' Me too... Probably see you tomorrow, then.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whatever the truth of the matter is, Paimon is starting to seriously dislike these guys!
:{{DIcon}} Stay calm, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Remember, we're here to gather information.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fine... Yeah, so we're mostly here to see what all the fuss is about. You guys seem to be experts by now &mdash; is there anything we need to do to prepare for our session?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 susukida 07.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' No, you don't need to do anything.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 susukida 08.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' Just show up, take a seat, and he takes care of the rest. I remember he lit some incense... it smelled wonderful, and instantly relaxed me...
:{{Color|menu|Susukida recalls his counseling session...}}
;(Flashback begins)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 emurachuuya 01.ogg}} '''Emura Ichigensai:''' I already know of the troubles that bring you to me.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 susukida 09.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' I don't know why I lose my temper so easily... I'm pretty messed up, right?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 emurachuuya 02.ogg}} '''Emura Ichigensai:''' Yes, in the sense that all negative emotions are defects of the mind. But I can remove these defective feelings, leaving your mind healthy, whole, and free of distressing thoughts.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 emurachuuya 03.ogg}} '''Emura Ichigensai:''' Now, receive my guidance...
;(Flashback ends)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 susukida 10.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' I don't actually remember the guidance... But anyway, it clearly worked. I guess whatever he said disappeared from my mind and took my problems along with it.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds a little unbelievable.
:{{DIcon}} How can we be sure it works?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 susukida 11.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' So rude! Your counselling session will change your mind &mdash; in more ways than one!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're only being cautious. What's wrong with that? You said it yourselves, the whole reason everyone's coming to this guy is because they're worried about getting scammed out of their Mora.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 umihiko 05.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' That's a fair point. You just need some reassurance, right? In that case... I can let you in on a little secret.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Go on...?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 umihiko 06.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' Well... someone in my family actually knew Emura Ichigensai before he made a name for himself. Apparently, he had a terrible temper. Pretty much everyone in the neighborhood had issues with him.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 umihiko 07.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' But he must've had some sort of epiphany, because he did a complete one-eighty. Went from having the most rotten temper you can imagine to one of the most cheerful people around.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 umihiko 08.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' Even more amazingly, all the people who used to despise him ended up becoming his best friends. His neighborhood's more peaceful and pleasant than it's ever been.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 umihiko 09.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' So you can rest assured that whatever treatment you get from Emura Ichigensai, he tried and tested it on himself first.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... What a ridiculous story...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 umihiko 10.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' Doubt it all you want! I heard it straight from my relative, who knows him personally.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What should we do now? We may have burned our bridges with these two...
:{{DIcon}} At least we got some information.
:{{DIcon}} Now to meet the man himself.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! There's still a lot of people ahead of us, though... Why don't you take a rest while Paimon keeps watch? Just like how we do it out on the road.
:{{Black Screen|The long wait makes you sleepy. Before you know it, you've fallen asleep...}}
:{{Black Screen|You detect a faint fragrance, and begin following it to its source...}}
<!-- black screen transition -->
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Where am I?)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 kuroyume 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Let go of your pain...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 kuroyume 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Let go of your pain...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (An eye!?)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 kuroyume 02.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Who are you?
;(The Traveler reflects the projectile back at the eye)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 kuroyume 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Argh... It burns...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 kuroyume 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Leave this place! NOW!!!
<!-- loading screen transition -->
:;(The time turns to evening)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, it's almost time!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...Oh, it was just a dream.)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yawn... that was a long wait. Paimon's gonna need a nap after this, too.
:{{DIcon}} No problem. It's my turn to keep watch anyway.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 17 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! Now, time for us to go meet Mr. Emura Ichigensai!

;(Talk to Kanai)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hello! We're number 97. It should be our turn now, right?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 18 kanai 01.ogg}} '''Kanai:''' Uhhh... Yeah, sorry, the clinic's closed for the day.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? Why?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 18 kanai 02.ogg}} '''Kanai:''' Because Emura Ichigensai doesn't have limitless energy, that's why. He's gone home to rest. You'll have to try again tomorrow.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But we've been waiting sooooo long!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 18 kanai 03.ogg}} '''Kanai:''' Not as long as some people. Try getting here earlier next time.
:{{DIcon}} Do you know where he lives, by any chance?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 18 kanai 04.ogg}} '''Kanai:''' Hah, save yourself the trouble. Spiritual masters like Emura Ichigensai cultivate their powers with peace and solitude. Someone like you ain't gonna find him.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 18 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Drat. We shoulda barged in after all...
:{{DIcon}} Let's report back to Mizuki for now.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 18 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, nothing else we can do for today.
:;(The time turns to night)

;(Talk to Kanai again, optional)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 18 kanai 01.ogg}} '''Kanai:''' Uhhh... Yeah, sorry, the clinic's closed for the day.
----
;(Enter Aisa Bathouse)
:{{Black Screen|You tell Mizuki everything you saw and heard today.}}
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' So he gives spiritual guidance... And it takes all your troubles away and leaves only happy thoughts?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup. At least, that's what his clients say.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 hyakujitsuhakushion 01.ogg}} '''Hyakujitsuhaku Shion:''' How is that possible? Not even Mizuki could do that, and she's an incredible psychologist.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that right? Paimon was gonna say, it all sounds too good to be true...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 01.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' It certainly is. Humans are... how to put this... they're a moody race &mdash; always upset about something. Show me a human without a care in the world, and I'll show you what "messed up" really looks like.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You think? 'Cause honestly, they sounded pretty convincing. And they said they only left the Aisa Bathhouse because they found it didn't deal with the root cause of their issues.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' But the idea he is spreading is categorically wrong...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 02.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' That settles it, then. Emura Ichigensai is a quack, making false claims to steal all our customers.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Is that why he's doing this? To steal... steal our customers? Or is there more to it?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...It's unfortunate that you didn't get to meet him in person. I need some idea of the kind of person he is. Otherwise, I have no hope of figuring out his motivations and goals.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, it's too bad... Although if it's any help, we did hear a bit about his backstory from someone else. Apparently, he used to have a really rotten temper, but then one day he suddenly reached enlightenment and became a spiritual master, or something...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 03.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Emura Ichigensai... rotten temper... Now wait just a minute...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 04.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Filing patient records is normally the most tedious job in the world. But once in a while, something mildly amusing grabs my attention. Take a look at this.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Emura Chuuya?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...It's him. I remember him.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 hyakujitsuhakushion 02.ogg}} '''Hyakujitsuhaku Shion:''' Wait... That guy? Oh no...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it? What about him?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 05.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Where to start? ...Imagine a big ball of negative emotion took on human form and started walking around. That's pretty much Emura Chuuya.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 06.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' His patient record mentions that he loved nothing more than a heated argument. No matter how trivial it was, he could never agree to disagree &mdash; he always had to be right. The happiest part of his day would be winning an argument and proving the other person wrong.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 07.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' If he lost, he'd sulk, and if anyone called him out, he'd throw a huge tantrum. Before long, he'd turned everyone against him.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like he had issues...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 08.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Oh yeah. Serious issues.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 09.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Anyway, since no one would talk to him in real life anymore, he turned to the readers' letters column of a magazine by the Yae Publishing House, where he would attack writers and trade insults with other contributors.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 10.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Naturally, this ruined the column for everyone, and the editor soon started rejecting his letters.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 11.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Next thing you know, he's written a complaint letter to the [[Tenryou Commission]], demanding that Inazuma pass a law to make it illegal for the Yae Publishing House to reject letters from readers...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gee whizz... Where would you even start with a client like that?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 12.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' In my case &mdash; by giving them a wide berth. Mizuki dealt with this guy.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 13.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' I'm pretty sure he only came here to try and start something. But Mizuki managed to get him into a session, and after some treatment, his mood improved by a lot.
:{{DIcon}} Wow. Great work, Mizuki!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Murasaki makes him sound like a rabid animal... He wasn't THAT out of control. Sure, his personality was very abrasive, but it wasn't hard to see why.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 07.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Once I understood his situation, I was able to diagnose him very quickly...
:{{Color|menu|Mizuki recalls Emura Chuuya's reaction to the diagnosis...}}
;(Flashback begins)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 08.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' You have very high expectations for yourself, but you've faced a lot of rejection in the past and haven't achieved much in your life.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 09.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' You've never had any real close friends, so you don't know what healthy connections with other people look like. This puts you and your ego in the center of your world.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 10.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' In short, you long to feel a sense of accomplishment and to receive attention from other people. But both of these are lacking in your life.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 11.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' You have no idea how to properly deal with these emotions. So you've been taking it out on other people, partly to seek attention, and partly because you get a shallow sense of accomplishment whenever you win a war of words with another person.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 emurachuuya 01.ogg}} '''Emura Chuuya:''' Tsk... You promise the world with your adverts, and that's seriously the best you can come up with? I'm not even going to bother explaining all the reasons you're wrong...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 emurachuuya 02.ogg}} '''Emura Chuuya:''' I mean, you completely misunderstood why I even sent that complaint letter. The Yae Publishing House practically has a monopoly on Inazuma's publishing industry. How can they ignore what their readers have to say?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 12.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' In the magazine column you wrote to, your strongly worded letter appeared alongside dozens of others which praised the writer for their work. You can't talk about what their readers have to say without including them, too.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 emurachuuya 03.ogg}} '''Emura Chuuya:''' No one with half a brain would praise a festering pile of garbage like that. Those are not opinions worth listening to.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 13.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' So, when I touched on the idea of you having an egocentric worldview &mdash; this is the kind of thing I was talking about.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 emurachuuya 04.ogg}} '''Emura Chuuya:''' I... You...
;(Flashback ends)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... How the heck did you get him to stay for treatment after dropping all of that on him?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 14.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Simple. The more he realized the truth of my diagnosis, the more he compulsively searched for evidence to refute it with.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 15.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' He'd lost the ability to communicate like a normal human being. So, I kept him here by using his preferred mode of interaction: argumentation.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 16.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' The Tenryou Commission had ignored his complaint letter, so he had no outlets left for his emotional outbursts.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 17.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Eventually, with the help of some incendiary words, I got him to agree to try some basic therapy. Finally, I was able to tweak his mood and stabilize his condition.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 18.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' It's a shame, really &mdash; if I'd only been able to see him a few more times, I know I could've helped him work through his personality issues. But unfortunately...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 hyakujitsuhakushion 03.ogg}} '''Hyakujitsuhaku Shion:''' It was all my fault...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 14.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' For the last time, it was his fault for being a nutjob.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? What happened?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 15.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Well, one day, he comes in as usual for therapy, but Mizuki isn't here. So, Shion sees him instead.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 16.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' I don't know what got into him that day, but he suddenly announced that he wished to be free of his troubles for good &mdash; and demanded that Shion make that happen.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 17.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Obviously, she didn't manage it, and then he pulled out a complaint letter to try and intimidate her. That was the last straw for me. I kicked him out and blacklisted him.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 18.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' He hasn't shown his face here since.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 19.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Anyway, now everyone's had a look at his record &mdash; do we think there's any chance that this guy and Emura Ichigensai are the same person?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 20.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Because it sounds to me like after he didn't get what he wanted, he decided to have his revenge by lying to our customers and getting them to leave.
:{{DIcon}} That makes sense!
:{{DIcon}} Is it really that simple?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 19.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Bad dreams are formed from a buildup of negative emotions in the subconscious. You can't simply trick people into not having them anymore. If Murasaki was right, then surely they'd have seen his lies for what they are by now...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 21.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' There's no point hemming and hawing! Let's report this guy to the Tenryou Commission for fraudulent business practices. If he can complain, so can we!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 susukida 01.ogg}} '''Susukida:''' Is anyone there?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 umihiko 01.ogg}} '''Umihiko:''' We'd like to book a therapy session... Can we start now?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 hyakujitsuhakushion 04.ogg}} '''Hyakujitsuhaku Shion:''' Hello! Please come with me, I'll get you registered.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, those are the two guys Paimon mentioned earlier! Just this morning, they were calling the bathhouse a scam and a rip-off. How are they back here already?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 22.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Oh really? Well, that proves it doesn't it? I was right. Now that they've realized they were lied to, they've come back.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 23.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' So chin up, Mizuki. I bet you business will start picking up again from tomorrow morning.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! You yumekui-baku provide an unbeatable service, no scammer's gonna run you girls out of business!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 20.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Interesting... Well, good. Murasaki, go help Shion please.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 shibamurasaki 24.ogg}} '''Shiba Murasaki:''' Tch... Shoulda kept my mouth shut. I jinxed it, and now I have to work again.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now we just need to report this guy as a fraud to the Tenryou Commission, like Murasaki suggested. Problem solved!
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks like the Aisa Bathhouse will be back in business in no time. No idea if our investigation actually helped, though...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 21.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Of course it did. You were a huge help, and I owe you big time for it.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 mizuki 22.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Now then. You only got part way through the VIP experience last time, didn't you? You still have to try the hot springs and snacks. Both are top tier.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, true! How could Paimon forget about that? Especially the snacks!
:{{Black Screen|After a dip in the hot springs and some delicious snacks, you and Paimon feel wonderfully relaxed.}}
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Paimon feels incredible now. Nothing beats the complete service package!
:{{DIcon}} We should go talk to Mizuki about booking our next appointment.
:{{DIcon}} Definitely coming back again.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Agreed! Although, Paimon didn't notice her inside just now. What could she be doing out at this hour? Hmm... Let's ask around.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey there, Mr. Aikawa. Do you have any idea where Mizuki went?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 aikawasusumu 01.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' Oh, you're looking for Mizuki? She actually tends to disappear for a while around this time every evening. It's the one part of the day where she gets to relax herself.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 aikawasusumu 02.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' As for where she goes and what she does during that time, I'm afraid I have no idea.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She takes the evenings to "relax," huh...
:{{DIcon}} Like the first time we met her...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She probably tells people she's relaxing, but actually she's digesting the bad dreams, right? Hope she's not having any digestive trouble...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 19 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Remember the place from last time? Let's head there and check on her.

;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This should be the place...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' *crying*... *sigh*...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? Why's Mizuki crying? Unless... Oh, maybe we got pulled into one of her bizarre dreams again?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' {{Traveler}}? Paimon? What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well firstly, we were hoping to get our next appointment booked in...
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...Ah, I see. I was planning on making it back before you finished in the hot springs, but I ended up spending longer here than I intended.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Don't worry, this isn't a dream. I was just... feeling a little sad.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, what's up? Indigestion getting you down again?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' No, my digestion was fine this time. What you saw just now was the aftermath of the digestion process.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Like I said, bad dreams are basically bundles of all kinds of negative emotions. When I digest them, I feel them all for myself.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 07.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' So when I'm processing these emotions, I tend to get quite... well, emotional.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Does that happen to all yumekui-baku?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 08.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Oh, don't worry about the others. To feel these emotions, you first have to understand them.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 09.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Most baku have a very poor understanding of humanity, so to them, a human bad dream just tastes like a slice of bland white bread. They can basically wolf it down and barely notice the flavor.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 10.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I'm the odd one out in that sense. When I was studying abroad, I made a serious effort to learn as much about human psychology as possible.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 11.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Now, I understand human emotions much better. I can empathize with them, and I can now discern many complex emotions when I turn my attention to digesting bad dreams.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 12.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' But still, that's no reason for you to be concerned about me. I wouldn't be much of a psychologist if I didn't have the mental fortitude to handle this stuff.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 13.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Letting your emotions out is one of the most effective ways to process them. Now that I've done that, my mental state is back to normal.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thought maybe seeing those customers had upset you somehow.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It even makes Paimon mad! You work so hard for them, and then they turn around and accuse the bathhouse of being a money-making scam.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes, they were led astray by some swindler... but it's not like they took much persuading.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 14.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I can't blame them. The idea that you can forget all of your troubles and never have a bad dream again is a very alluring one. Who wouldn't want to believe that?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 15.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' {{Traveler}}, if I really could make you forget all of your troubles for good, would you want me to try?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{Black Screen|As you imagine forgetting your pain and longing, the joy of reunion that you are looking forward to one day disappears along with it.}}
:{{Black Screen|As you imagine letting go of your hopelessness, you also feel your fighting spirit slip through your fingers.}}
:{{Black Screen|As you imagine being free from your painful regrets, the formative experiences of your journey lose their roots.}}
:'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' {{Traveler}}, if I really could make you forget all of your troubles for good, would you want me to try?
:{{DIcon}} But... if I forget all of that...
:{{DIcon}} Would I even still be me?
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 16.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' ...You really are different from other people.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 17.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Discovering what troubles people is easy for me &mdash; even in your case. But although I see your troubles clearly, I still don't completely understand you.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 18.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' *sigh*... Thanks for checking in on me. As a psychologist, I know how to take care of myself, but you showing that you care is still appreciated.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 19.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Anyway, it's much too late to book another appointment now... You should head home, get some sleep, have a wonderful dream, and come see me again tomorrow.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright. Goodnight!
:{{DIcon}} Goodnight.
:{{A|vo mzklq002 20 mizuki 20.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Bye for now. If you still want to book another appointment tomorrow, make sure to come see me early.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Crisis at the Aisa Bathhouse
|zhs      = 
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       =   
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Crisis financiera del Balneario Aisa
|es_tl    = Asia Bathhouse's Financial Crisis
|fr       = Crise aux Bains Aisa
|fr_tl    = Crisis at the Aisa Bathhouse
|ru       =     
|ru_tl    = 
|th       =  Aisa
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Khng Hong Kinh Doanh Ca Phng Tm Hi Aisa
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Krise im Badehaus Aisa
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Krisis Aisa Bathhouse
|id_tl    = Asia Bathhouse's Crisis
|pt       = Crise na Banhos de Aisa
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Aisa Hamamnda Kriz
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = La crisi delle Terme Aisa
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.4}}

[[vi:Khng Hong Kinh Doanh Ca Phng Tm Hi Aisa]]