{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Attribute Critical Hit.png
|type         = Combat
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Critical Hits''', abbreviated in-game as CRIT Hits, refers to the random occurrence of an attack dealing increased [[damage]] to an opponent.

The probability that an attack will be a Critical Hit is controlled by the [[CRIT Rate]] attribute. If the attack is a Critical Hit, the [[CRIT DMG]] attribute will determine the multiplier applied:
:<math>\text{DMG}_\text{CRIT} = \text{DMG} \times (1 + \%\text{CRIT DMG})</math>

'''All characters regardless of quality or weapon''' start with '''<u>5% Base CRIT Rate</u>''' and '''<u>50% Base CRIT DMG</u>'''. These attributes can be modified by:
*[[Elemental Resonance]]s
*[[Talents]]
*[[Constellations]]
*[[Artifacts]]
*[[Weapons]]
*[[Food]]
*[[Character#Ascensions|Character Ascension]] Bonuses

If the CRIT Rate is equal to 100% or greater, an attack is guaranteed to be a Critical Hit. If the CRIT Rate is equal to 0% or less, an attack can never be a Critical Hit.

Critical Hits cannot trigger on enemies that are immune to the type of damage dealt or during enemy [[Invincibility Frames#Enemies|i-frames]].

Critical Hits appear as larger-[[font]] numbers on the screen compared to non-crit hits. Another way to tell if you scored a critical hit is to watch the DMG dealt; a critical hit will have damage multiplied.

==CRIT Optimization==
{{Main|Attribute Optimization}}<!--using <math>r</math> makes the variable appear thin and awkward in-text (at least on desktop), unless this is fixed, r will be used in instead-->
There is a general rule to maximize the product of CRIT DMG and CRIT Rate to maximize the expected DMG.

Let r be the CRIT Rate probability (<math>r\le 1</math>) and d be the CRIT DMG (<math>d \ge 0</math>) in decimal form (for example, 150% CRIT DMG would be <math>d=1.5</math>).

Suppose the DMG is x without CRIT. The '''expected damage''' is therefore:
:<math>E(\text{DMG}) = (1-r)x + r(1+d)x = x(1 + rd)</math>

In general, the goal is to maximize this product by making r and d as large as possible. However, by introducing a constraint on the relation between r and d, it is possible to calculate an optimal ratio between the two. The rule of thumb is to aim for a 2:1 ratio between CRIT DMG and CRIT Rate. See [[Attribute Optimization]] for full derivations of these results.

==Guaranteed CRIT Hits==
===General===
* Having 100% or more CRIT Rate means that attacks will always critically hit.
* Aimed Shots on an enemy's weak point guarantees a CRIT Hit.
** On [[Ruin Machines]], this is on the exposed cores.
** On most [[Mystical Beasts]] and most humanoid enemies ([[Kairagi]], [[Nobushi]], [[Treasure Hoarders]], [[Fatui (Enemies)|Fatui]], etc.), this is directly on the head.
** On certain enemies, the weak point may be protected until the enemy performs certain actions.

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|Guaranteed CRIT Hit Constellations}}

==CRIT Hit Effects==
These talents, constellations, or weapons apply additional effects when a strike critically hits.

===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|CRIT Hit Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|CRIT Hit Constellations}}

===Weapons===
{{Weapons by Category Table|CRIT Hit Passive Weapons}}

==Domains==
* Certain [[Ley Line Disorders]] increase the CRIT Rate or CRIT Damage of players:
** Spiral Abyss Floors [[Spiral Abyss/Floors#Floor 7|7]] and [[Spiral Abyss/Floors#Floor 8| 8]]
* Certain [[Spiral Abyss/Benediction of the Abyss|Benedictions of the Abyss]] increase the CRIT Rate or CRIT Damage of players:
**  Character CRIT Rate +8%, CRIT DMG +15%

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Attribute Navbox}}
{{Combat Navbox|state=collapsed}}

[[Category:CRIT Hit| ]]

[[de:Heftiger Schlag]]
[[ja:会心攻撃]]
[[th:โจมตีคริติคอล]]