{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73527
|image         = Event Quest Crocs Water Cannons It's War.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Secret Summer Paradise
|requirement   = 
* Complete [[Fairground Gathering, Summer Lights Illuminated]]
|characters    = Chatillon; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Veluriyam Mirage]]
|region        = 
|area          = Veluriyam Mirage
|subarea       = Silver Bottle Courtyard
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Secret Summer Paradise/Spino Blaster|Spino Blaster]] subevent.
}}
'''''Crocs? Water Cannons? It's War!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Secret Summer Paradise]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the engineer

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After stumbling into a "dangerous area," you and Paimon run into a special engineer who's tinkering with a promising contraption...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:'''???:''' Attention, visitors below! Attention, visitors below! You are in water cannon range and are at risk of being hit. Please vacate the zone immediately!
:'''Paimon:''' Was that a warning? And did he say "water cannon"...? That doesn't sound good!
:'''Paimon:''' The broadcast came from over there. Let's see what's going on!

;(Talk to Chatillon)
:'''???:''' I never imagined that you two would follow the sound of the broadcast here, especially after being warned!
:'''???:''' Pardon me, but this attraction isn't officially open to the public yet. Please wait a few minutes for me to make some final adjustments...
:{{DIcon}} What are you planning?
:{{DIcon}} Stop it, now!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon heard words that sounded super scary! Water cannons! Must be that huge thing over there...
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, it's scary just to look at!
:'''Paimon:''' Just what are you trying to do here!? We won't let you get away with it!
:'''Chatillon:''' No, no, you misunderstand!
:'''Chatillon:''' I'm Chatillon, head of project "Spino Blaster"! This project simulates naval battles, but much more fun and casual!
:'''Chatillon:''' "Spino Blaster" is approved by Lady [[Idyia]], so you know it's safe!
:'''Chatillon:''' If you wish to verify the truth of that, please see this document signed by Lady Idyia herself.
:{{Black Screen|The suspicious engineer offers proof in the form of official documents written in obtuse legalese, all with Idyia's distinct signature.<br>The margins even contain a few remarks and well-wishes from Idyia in her inimitable style...}}
:'''Paimon:''' So it's a project approved by Idyia... you scared us half to death!
:'''Paimon:''' So, what's the deal with the water cannons?
:'''Chatillon:''' That's just a simplified nickname! Its full name is so long that I'm pretty sure most people would go for something shorter based on its appearance.
:'''Chatillon:''' Anyway, its water bullets are completely harmless! At most, they might soak the guests standing near their target.
:'''Chatillon:''' Some guests enjoy the sudden coolness from being splashed, but some hate how their clothes stick to their body afterward, and we don't want anyone to have a bad experience!
:'''Chatillon:''' So if possible, I would like to post warning signs around the area.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't think you were so considerate, that's a great idea!
:{{DIcon}} Now I'm curious...
:{{DIcon}} What's its full name?
:'''Chatillon:''' It's called the Crocomorph Vortex-Based Crocodilian-Armored Heavy Naval Battleship-Style Recreational Water Blasting Cannon! The name accurately reflects both the appearance and its underlying principles!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, you weren't kidding! Paimon can't even repeat it, much less understand it...
:'''Paimon:''' But just calling it a water cannon kinda misses the point, right? Why not call it a Crococannon?
:'''Chatillon:''' The... the alliteration...
:'''Chatillon:''' That's perfect! Simple and easy to remember, yet it captures the sound of shells whizzing by your eyes in a simulated naval battle! I love it!
:'''Chatillon:''' Crococannon, fire away!
:'''Paimon:''' Crococannon bubbleball away!
:{{DIcon}} Are you serious?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon doesn't like being made fun of...
:'''Chatillon:''' After all, not only do we have great chemistry, but you'll get to enjoy the one-of-a-kind fun!
:'''Chatillon:''' Say, how about you two be the first to try out "Spino Blaster"?
:'''Chatillon:''' The rules are simple. Adjust the Crococannon and hit balloon targets with bubbleballs to earn points! When you earn a high enough score, you can win prizes!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, after all this hype, Paimon kinda does want to see what it's like to use a Crococannon!
:{{DIcon}} All right, count me in!
:{{DIcon}} Crococannon, open fi&mdash; water!
:'''Chatillon:''' Perfect! Let me finish a few final adjustments, and then you can get started!
:'''Chatillon:''' Enjoy yourselves!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Crocs? Water Cannons? It's War!
|zhs     = 鳄鱼？水炮？大作战！
|zhs_rm  = Èyú? Shuǐpào? Dà Zuòzhàn!
|zht     = 鱷魚？水炮？大作戰！
|zht_rm  = Èyú? Shuǐpào? Dà Zuòzhàn!
|zh_tl   = Crocodiles? Water Cannons? Battle!
|ja      = ワニワニ？ウォーターキャノン？大作戦！
|ja_rm   = Waniwani? Wootaa Kyanon? Daisakusen!
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 악어? 물대포? 대작전!
|ko_tl   = Crocodiles? Water Cannons? Big War!
|es      = ¿Espinodrilos? ¿Cañones de agua? ¡Esto es la guerra!
|es_tl   = {{Lex|Spinocrocodiles|es}}? Water Cannons? This Is War!
|fr      = Croco ? Canon ? C'est la guerre !
|fr_tl   = Croc? Cannon? It's War!
|ru      = Крокодилы? Водяные пушки? Это сражение!
|ru_tl   = Crocodiles? Water Cannons? It's Battle!
|th      = จระเข้? ปืนน้ำ? การต่อสู้ครั้งใหญ่!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cá Sấu? Pháo Nước? Chiến!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Krokodile? Kanonen? Wasserschlacht!
|de_tl   = Crocodiles? Cannons? Water Battle!
|id      = Buaya? Meriam Air? Pertempuran!
|id_tl   = Crocodile? Water Cannon! Battle!
|pt      = Crocodilo? Canhão de água? Batalha épica!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Timsahlar mı? Su Topları mı? Bu Bir Savaş!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Coccodrilli? Cannoni ad acqua? Una guerra!
|it_tl   = Crocodiles? Water Cannons? A War!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[pt-br:Crocodilo? Canhão de água? Batalha Épica!]]
[[ru:Крокодилы? Водяные пушки? Это сражение!]]