{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|event_name    = Thunder Sojourn
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 50
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
* Unlocks Act 3 of [[Thunder Sojourn]] - [[Thunder Sojourn/Weaving Lightning|Weaving Lightning]]
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Muzhen
}}
'''Crossing Unknown Storm Clouds''' is an [[Event Quest]] that unlocks the Act 3 of the [[Thunder Sojourn]] event.

==Steps==
#Talk to Muzhen
#Go to the Electro anomaly and complete the challenge

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The task of locating [[Ruin Machines]] is almost complete, but one thing continues to trouble [[Muzhen]]...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Muzhen)
:'''Muzhen:''' Thanks to the clues you brought back, I'm now able to pinpoint the location of the Ruin machines.
:'''Muzhen:''' However, we need to take care of a little problem before we do that...
:'''Muzhen:''' There are some Electro anomalies nearby that are interfering with the tracking process. I'll give you the locations of these anomalies... Please, get rid of them.
:'''Muzhen:''' Just as before, I'll need you to bring some samples back... Firstly, to study how I might use them.
:'''Muzhen:''' And secondly... well, we are a merchant fleet, after all. We've got to see if they've got any commercial worth, of course!
:{{DIcon}} And how are your studies going on that front?
:'''Muzhen:''' Hmm... The samples that you've given me, if properly used, might give The Crux Fleet a new way of dodging thunderstorms with ease that doesn't rely on our mobility.
:'''Muzhen:''' If so, it would make our commercial route to and from Inazuma much more secure, and we would have more guaranteed efficiency.
:'''Muzhen:''' However, seeing as the Sakoku Decree is the Shogun's will, such actions may displease her...
:'''Muzhen:''' So of course, the most direct result of our research is that we can use the "age" and "life" of these anomalous Electro growths to determine the size and origin of Electro anomalies.
:'''Muzhen:''' These origins, of course, are the targets we're looking for: the ancient, mysterious Ruin organisms!
:'''Muzhen:''' Hehe, sorry, got a little carried away there...
:'''Muzhen:''' Well then. This is the final stretch. Let's get going!

;(Talk to Muzhen again)
:'''Muzhen:''' Phew, we're almost there. Once this is over, I'll be able to return to the ship!
:{{DIcon}} You seem rather pleased.
:{{DIcon}} How's progress lately?
:'''Muzhen:''' Quite alright, quite alright. I've remained onshore enough, and I've made great progress in my research. Our sampling order is just about complete!
:'''Muzhen:''' Hahah! To think that we were able to get this done without the Captain's help... I can't wait to see how shocked she'll be at our progress!
:{{DIcon}} Your progress in making me do your job for you, you mean?
:'''Muzhen:''' Oh, and, ah... your progress, of course! It's been quite splendid, it has!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Guess Captain Beidou's got some unreliable subordinates too, huh...
----
;(Upon arriving at the location)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon sees it! Let's go have a look.
;(Upon coming close to the Challenge)
:'''Weaving Lightning - Gameplay Tutorial'''
::During the Thunder Sojourn event, Travelers can activate mechanisms to initiate the Weaving Lightning challenge. Once the challenge begins, Travelers must defeat all opponents within the stipulated time limit.
::{{sic|The Weaving Lightning}} has a unique mechanic known as the Nimbus Gem that will release electric pulses to link up with characters who are {{Color|tutorial|carrying [[Electrograna]]}} or {{Color|tutorial|affected by Electro}}. Characters will gain various buffs depending on the number of Nimbus Gems they are linked to.
::1 Linked Nimbus Gem: The active character continually recharges Energy, the rate of regeneration increasing with more links. 2 Linked Nimbus Gems: Other than the aforementioned effect, all characters in the part deal increased DMG with their Elemental Bursts. 3 Linked Nimbus Gems: Hitting opponents with Normal Attacks, Charged Attacks, Plunging Attacks, Elemental Skills, and Elemental Bursts will unleash a shockwave at that opponent's location. Shockwaves created in this manner have a CD.
;(The quest ends after completing the challenge)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Crossing Unknown Storm Clouds
|zhs     = 涉过未知的雷云
|zhs_rm  = Shèguò Wèizhī de Léi Yún
|zht     = 涉過未知的雷雲
|zht_rm  = Shèguò Wèizhī de Léi Yún
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 未知なる雷雲を進む
|ja_rm   = Michi Naru Raiun wo Susumu
|ja_tl   = Advance Through Unknown Thundercloud
|ko      = 미지의 뇌운을 뚫고
|ko_rm   = Miji-ui Noeun-eul Ttulko
|ko_tl   = Through Mysterious Thundercloud
|es      = Nubes de tormenta desconocidas
|es_tl   = Unknown Thunderclouds
|fr      = À travers les nuages orageux inconnus
|fr_tl   = Through the Unknown Storm Clouds
|ru      = Сквозь неизведанные грозовые облака
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ฝ่าเมฆฝนฟ้าคะนองที่ไม่รู้จัก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vượt qua mây sấm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unbekannte Gewitterwolken durchqueren
|de_tl   = Crossing Unknown Storm Clouds
|id      = Menyeberangi Badai Misterius
|id_tl   = Crossing Mysterious Storm
|pt      = Cruzando Nuvens Desconhecidas de Tempestades
|pt_tl   = Crossing Unknown Storm Clouds
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[pt-br:Cruzando Nuvens Desconhecidas de Tempestades]]