{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Crown of the Saints.png
|set   = Obsidian Codex
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|A crown made of obsidian that in ancient times was used in coronation ceremonies by noble tribal kings.}}
'''Crown of the Saints''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Obsidian Codex]].

==Description==
In the era when the [[Abyss|dark tide of filth]] arose from the sky's edge and heroes sun-bright marched forth to conquer,<br><!--
-->Many stories transpired that were never recorded or eulogized in any human history.<br><br><!--
-->When human warriors bid farewell to their secluded villages and brought blessings of the [[Wayob]] to once-inaccessible, forbidden realms,<br><!--
-->The ancient [[dragon]]s had become extinct from the fields they once ran upon, and the fruitful soil and springs had taken upon new colors.<br><!--
-->The palaces and temples built upon magma cliffs lost their luster, now silently waiting for the judgment at the end of days,<br><!--
-->In this dreamlike realm, cut off from the world, the end of the era of the ancients, too, drew nigh.<br><!--
-->And in the [[Night Kingdom|lightless lands of night]], the sacred ones continued their dissension over who would deliver this final verdict.<br><br><!--
-->[[Xbalanque|He]] was a hero unprophesied, a champion unaccounted for by any plan.<br><!--
-->This was a time when the war chiefs of the tribes had abandoned their great cause of slaying wicked dragons, vying power-drunk for supremacy;<br><!--
-->When their warriors plunged into endless warfare, leaning on [[Saurian|savage beasts]] for support.<br><!--
-->And in those days from the dark lands rose a king bright as the newborn sun, warm as the budding dawn.<br><!--
-->He wore a crown woven from golden flowers, wielded a great blade of obsidian, and visited one tribe after another.<br><br><!--
-->Disagreements born from blades can only be resolved by the blade, and delusion born from ambition can only be subdued by ambition still greater.<br><!--
-->And the [[Kukulkan|one who had thought itself master over evolution]] never imagined that those with strength would give it an answer beyond conquest and slaughter.<br><!--
-->Under the sun's radiance did the tribes make a pact of armistice, and thus did the sacred ones of the night realm lay their arguments aside and offer him the crown.<br><!--
-->The dawn of a new era emerged over the horizon, and when that light illuminated the earth, even the beasts of darkness had nowhere to hide.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Crown of the Saints
|zhs      = 诸圣的礼冠
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 諸聖的禮冠
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 諸聖の栄冠
|ja_rm    = Shosei no Eikan
|ja_tl    = Laurel of the Saints
|ko       = 성자의 왕관
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Corona de los Santos
|es_tl    = Crown of the Saints
|fr       = Diadème des saints
|fr_tl    = Diadem of the Saints
|ru       = Корона святых
|ru_tl    = Crown of the Saints
|th       = Crown of the Saints
|vi       = Vương Miện Của Thánh Giả
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Krone der Weisen
|de_tl    = Crown of the Saints
|id       = Crown of the Saints
|pt       = Coroa das Divindades
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Azizlerin Tacı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Corona dei santi
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Obsidian Codex}}

[[fr:Diadème des saints]]
[[ja:諸聖の栄冠]]
[[th:Crown of the Saints]]
[[uk:Корона святих]]
[[vi:Vương Miện Của Thánh Giả]]
[[zh:諸聖的禮冠]]