{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Crownless Crown.png
|set   = Unfinished Reverie
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|A golden crown decorated with turquoise and emerald feathers, it has never been used in a coronation, living alone atop a velvet cushion.}}
'''Crownless Crown''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Unfinished Reverie]].

==Description==
Someone once granted [[Sakkuk|her]] desire, agreeing to remake the long-dulled feather accessories once the [[Ochkanatlan|ancient kingdom]] had fallen.<br>
And so she too promised that person, who had long earned her respect, that when the time came, she would give them a turquoise crown in return.<br>
It was after witnessing the crooked corpse agonizingly hunched beneath the [[Och-Kan|black beast]]'s butcher's blade that she understood,<br>
The crown she had forged and adorned with her own two hands would wait alone for its master, who would never attend the coronation.

Many years later, the odd preferences of that aged mistress of the mines spread about the [[Natlan Tribes|six tribes]].<br>
It is said the old lady enjoyed all kinds of luxurious jewelry, much of which could no longer be made with the artistry of contemporary craftsmen.<br>
Among these, should it be a work signed by a [[Manqu (Historical)|specific artisan]], and should one be willing to present it to her,<br>
She would exchange for it at any price in precious gems.<br>
Even if it were a forgery, she would take it all the same.

When the people of the tribe urged her to, at the very least, not reward the greed of frauds,<br>
She said, "Ah, but I do this precisely because such crude forgeries cannot be allowed to stain his good name!"<br>
Moreover, though she did not advertise the fact, she never truly let such base cheats get away with their perfidy.

In contrast to the friends who had courageously sacrificed themselves, her life seemed too long by far. And so,<br>
She used the time left to her to gather all that was left behind by the heroes she missed.<br>
The [[Scarlet-Eyed Youth|scarlet-eyed youth]] she had loved had returned to the sacred flames after completing his calling, leaving nothing but a warm afterglow.<br>
And when the [[Yupanqui|silent hero]] fell into the [[Turnfire|ruler's flames]], the new world reflected in his remaining eye was already his greatest reward.<br>
[[Atawallpa|One of the hero twins]] was once an incorrigible chatterbox, yet upon witnessing his [[Waskar|brother]] die at the hands of their adversary, his tormented wails wracked his throat hoarse.

"And yet Atawallpa, too, died before me... Who could have imagined that I, the frailest of us, would have lived to the end?<br>
The wise amongst the tribes often say that those who have been tossed about by the winds and waves will grow tired of the steady ground, and I am no exception.<br>
These years without all of you here... have truly been too dull."

But there will surely come a time for a reunion with friends long-since passed, and when long-awaited premonition comes to pass.<br>
She picked the genuine articles that the craftsman had made from among her jewels &mdash; compared with the forgeries, they were all too few,<br>
And with those things bearing his name, she walked into the dark night, never to return.

According to legend, on the next day, the people stood under the tree where she had placed the turquoise crown,<br>
And they swore an oath to follow her final orders, blotting from history the name of the masterful craftsman she took away with her.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Crownless Crown
|zhs      = 失冕的宝冠
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 失冕的寶冠
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 主なき冠
|ja_rm    = Omonaki Kanmuri
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 주인 잃은 왕관
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Corona Descoronada
|es_tl    = Uncrowned Crown
|fr       = Couronne sans couronne
|fr_tl    = Crownless Crown
|ru       = Невенчанная корона
|ru_tl    = Uncrowned Crown
|th       = Crownless Crown
|vi       = Vương Miện Quý Không Ngai
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Kronenlose Krone
|de_tl    = Crownless Crown
|id       = Crownless Crown
|pt       = Coroa Descoroada
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Sahipsiz Taç
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Corona senza corona
|it_tl    = Crownless Crown
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Unfinished Reverie}}

[[fr:Couronne sans couronne]]
[[ja:主なき冠]]
[[tr:Sahipsiz Taç]]
[[vi:Vương Miện Quý Không Ngai]]
[[zh:失冕的寶冠]]