{{For|the current holder of the "The Knave" title|Arlecchino}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = NPC Crucabena.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Killed by [[Peruere]] before the game's events
|element          = Hydro
|region           = Snezhnaya
|affiliation      = Fatui
|affiliation2     = Eleven Fatui Harbingers
|affiliation3     = House of the Hearth
|title            = The Knave
|title2           = Fatui Harbinger
|title3           = "Mother"
|title4           = The "Director" <ref>{{Ref/CS|Freminet|4}}</ref>
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|child            = Clervie
|childNote        = biological daughter,<ref name="Arle3">{{Ref/CS|Arlecchino|3}}</ref> deceased
|child2           = Peruere
|childNote2       = ward "daughter"
|child3           = Freminet
|childNote3       = ward "son"
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm3158889|Jennifer Sun Bell]]<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/tN5JACOEJFM "The Song Burning in the Embers" Full Animated Short] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceCN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/李蝉妃 Li Chanfei ({{zh|李蝉妃}})]<ref>bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1xZ421Y7a1/ {{zh|《原神》动画短片——「烬中歌」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Yūko Nagashima|Nagashima Yuko ({{ja|永島由子}})}}<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/Hie1ZtyqOys {{ja|【原神】ショートアニメ「燼中歌」（フルver.）}}] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceKR          = {{w|Bak Sin-hee|Bak Sin-hee ({{ko|박신희}})}}<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/9Tq-GNSmskM {{ko|단편 애니메이션-「잿불의 노래」 풀버전}}] (Video Description)</ref>
}}
'''Crucabena''', the previous '''Knave''',<ref name="momoyo" /> was one of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]]. She was first mentioned in the {{Quest|The Very Special Fortune Slip}} in relation to the orphanage she ran, known as the [[House of the Hearth]].<ref name="replacement">{{Ref/Quest|The Replacement's Secret}}</ref>

Several years ago, she clashed with [[Arlecchino|Peruere]], a child of the House of the Hearth, who ended up killing and succeeding her as the current Knave.<ref name="The Song Burning in the Embers">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/tN5JACOEJFM "The Song Burning in the Embers" Full Animated Short | Genshin Impact]</ref>

==Profile==
Despite her seemingly caring appearance, Crucabena was said to be much more harsh than Arlecchino, severely punishing failure, blackmailing Freminet into continuing his work with the Fatui and did not mind bolstering the House's ranks with "orphans" created as a result of their plots.

She is seen wielding {{Hydro}} in her fight against Peruere.<ref group="Note">"Splashes" that look more liquid than solid are seen when Crucabena counters Peruere's consecutive Pyro or Pyro-like attacks as well as when Crucabena initially forms the sword that she throws at Peruere.</ref> It is also possible that she wielded {{Cryo}} in the same fight, but this is currently unclear. The source of Crucabena's elemental powers is not shown.

===Appearance===
Crucabena had long, dark pink hair tied into a braided side ponytail, dark green grey-blue eyes, and wore crimson red lipstick. She donned a white blouse under a dark cloak, paired with a grayish-purple tie and brooch. She wears black gloves, thigh length boots and a long, slitted pencil skirt that accentuates her dominant silhouette.

==Story==
She was the previous director of the House of the Hearth, where [[Efim Snezhevich]] was an instructor. She had a daughter, [[Clervie]], who she brought into the House when she was six years old to show the other orphans that everyone was treated equally and was known as "Mother" by the children. However, beneath her seemingly kind exterior was extreme cruelty, as she would frequently pit the orphans against each other to find a "King" for the House. Those who survived but were grievously injured were either sent to [[The Doctor|Il Dottore]] or were sent on dangerous missions, both of which led to death.

Clervie, seeing the purgatory that the House actually was, tried to minimize casualties to an extent to little avail, as everyone was seemingly brainwashed by her. She would try to escape herself, but was caught each time. Crucabena would slowly torture her with each failed escape attempt, making an example out of her to keep other dissidents in line.

When [[Freminet]] was younger, Crucabena made an agreement with Freminet's mother to take him in; Freminet and his mother were severely in debt, and the loaners eventually demanded both their house and Freminet as payment, which she refused to comply with. However, while Freminet was indeed protected, she was cold to him, claiming his mother "abandoned" him and had him "sold" to the House of the Hearth to help with their family's debt. She also used Freminet's lack of knowledge of his mother's whereabouts to her advantage by threatening Freminet with withdrawing protection from his mother if he disobeyed orders.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Freminet|4}}</ref> [[Arlecchino|Peruere]], who later became the current Knave, later revealed that she had lied to Freminet.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Freminet|5}}</ref>

At some point, the orphan Peruere would end up in the House, and unlike the other children, was able to see through Crucabena's facade. Clervie made friends with Peruere and tried to continue her ways, though this was unsuccessful. Ten years later, Crucabena would have Clervie duel Peruere, who eventually fell to her hands. A year after Clervie's death, Peruere would later fight Crucabena in the same location. Despite being significantly stronger than her, Crucabena ultimately died to Peruere. Peruere believed that she had won only due to her conviction, which she believed that Crucabena had lacked during their fight. Peruere would later inherit her title after being commuted by the Tsaritsa.

After she was succeeded by Peruere, Efim Snezhevich began to act independently and continued to pursue the previous Knave's directives, with only a few of his subordinates knowing of his intentions.<ref name="momoyo">{{Ref/NPC|Momoyo|s=3|condition=after completion of ''[[The Very Special Fortune Slip]]''}}</ref> After [[Signora]]'s death, Efim decided to take advantage of it to supposedly build the current Knave's prestige to repay her kindness. To that end, he ordered [[Lyudochka]] to infiltrate the [[Shuumatsuban]] and, after she stalled on her mission upon realizing the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]]'s involvement, changed his plans to sabotaging peace talks between the [[Shogun's Army]] and the [[Watatsumi Army]] by poisoning Watatsumi's water supply. When Lyudochka expressed concern that the mission would create more orphans, Efim stated that would be beneficial, as the new orphans could be taken in and trained.<ref name="replacement" /> However, Efim was recalled to Snezhnaya before the operation could be carried out, giving the Traveler and [[Momoyo]] an opportunity to cut Lyudochka free from the Fatui.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Where the Dandelions Find Rest}}</ref>

It is unknown whether the other known Fatui dealings involving members of the House of the Hearth are related to her or the current Knave.

Her grave is located in [[Mont Esus East]], and serves as the entrance to [[Scattered Ruins]].

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* She shares her Korean voice actor with [[Yoimiya]].

===Etymology===
* The name Crucabena is a suggested {{w|Gaulish}} equivalent of {{w|Ceridwen}}, a Welsh enchantress, according to French Wikipedia.<ref>French Wikipedia: {{w|fr:Ceridwen|Ceridwen}}</ref> The original source of this name seems to be the Wikipedia page itself, without any known attestations in actual Gaulish literature. The Gaulish dictionary cited as the source does not contain the name Crucabena nor does it mention a Gaulish equivalent of Ceridwen,<ref>Jean-Paul Savignac, ''Dictionnaire français-gaulois'', SNELA La Différence, 2004 ([https://archive.org/details/DictionnaireFrancaisGaulois/ archived])</ref> but it can be deduced that the name was fabricated from a typo of *''{{Not a Typo|cucra}}'' "bent" and ''{{wt|bena||Gaulish}}'' "woman."

==Gallery==
{{Files by Character Gallery|Crucabena Gallery Files}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Crucabena
|zhs      = 库嘉维娜
|zhs_rm   = Kùjiāwéinà
|zht      = 庫嘉維娜
|zht_rm   = Kùjiāwéinà
|ja       = クルセビナ
|ja_rm    = Kurusebina
|ko       = 쿠자비나
|es       = Crucabena
|fr       = Crucabena
|ru       = Крукабена
|th       = Crucabena
|vi       = Crucabena
|de       = Crucabena
|id       = Crucabena
|pt       = Crucabena
|tr       = Crucabena
|it       = Crucabena
}}

==Change History ==
{{Change History|introduced=2.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Fatui Navbox}}

[[es:Crucabena]]
[[fr:Crucabena]]
[[ja:クルセビナ]]
[[pl:Crucabena]]
[[tr:Crucabena]]
[[vi:Crucabena]]