{{Stub|Reword walkthrough}}
{{Domain Infobox
|image        = Domain Crumbling Guilt.png
|type         = Quest
|description  = After a round of pursuit, you and [[Itto]] have reached the ronin hideout.<br />Only by breaking through the obstacles that lie ahead can you resolve the misunderstanding between the Crimson Oni and the Blue Oni.
|quest        = The Oni's Pride
|quest_type   = Story
|region       = Inazuma
|area         = Kannazuka
|subarea      = Tatarasuna
|requiredAR   = 
|recLevel     = 
|recElements  = Geo
|trial        = Arataki Itto
}}
'''Crumbling Guilt''' is a [[Quest Domain]] from {{Quest|The Oni's Pride}}.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                     = 5, 8

|character_name          = Arataki Itto
|character_level5        = 71
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation5          = 3
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_name             = Redhorn Stonethresher
|weapon_level5           = 71
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement5             = 1
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower         = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather        = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands          = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet         = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet        = Royal Masque
|artifact_level5         = 16
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 5
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8
|hp5                     = 20,732
|hp8                     = 26,862
|atk5                    = 1,336
|atk8                    = 1,665
|def5                    = 1,109
|def8                    = 1,395
|em5                     = 42
|em8                     = 105
|er5                     = 135.0%
|er8                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate5              = 66.2%
|crit_rate8              = 76.3%
|crit_dmg5               = 164.6%
|crit_dmg8               = 180.1%
}}

==Walkthrough==
# Jump down the hole in the floor and defeat the enemies in the room. {{Enemy List|Nobushi: Hitsukeban;Nobushi: Jintouban*2}}
# Activate the mechanism to head up the stairs. The Nobushi guarding it can be safely ignored. {{Enemy List|Nobushi: Hitsukeban*1}}
# Upon climbing to the top of the stairs, there is a [[Common Chest]] and a mechanism.
# Activate the mechanism and descend down the ladder back to the previous area.
# Go back up the stairs and glide down southwards to a platform to enter another room containing a visible locked chest. {{Enemy List|Nobushi: Hitsukeban*2;Nobushi: Jintouban*2;Nobushi: Kikouban}}
#* The statue at the back can be interacted with to remove the {{Color|Electro}} buff on the enemies.
# Defeat the enemies to unlock the [[Exquisite Chest]]. A set of doors will also open.
# Exit the room through the doors and climb up a ladder to obtain a '''Common Chest'''. Head back down the ladder.
# Activate a third mechanism to rotate the stairs. Then, open the nearby door to the left (as marked by the quest waypoint) and return to the first mechanism.
# Head up the stairs and keep going straight. Be careful not to fall through the gap.
# Open the Common Chest to the left and then head right down the hallway. Be careful of {{Electro}} arrows.
# Enter the room holding the hostages and defeat the enemies. {{Enemy List|Nobushi: Hitsukeban*2;Nobushi: Hitsukeban*2}}
# Open the [[Precious Chest]], and Common Chest in one of the holding cells.
# Next, head north to activate a fourth mechanism that lifts up the stairs.
# Return to the room, head west, and go down the ladder. Then, go to the left and activate both mechanisms.
#* One mechanism is below a hanging pot on fire.
#* Another mechanism is guarded by a Nobushi in Step 2.
# Turn around, climb up the ladder, and enter the room which previously held the hostages.
# Head up to the top of the stairs to the north. Jump across the gap to open an '''Exquisite Chest'''.
# Go back down the stairs, head right, and descend down the ladder again.
# Go left and activate the mechanism below the hanging pot on fire. This rotates a part of the stairs again.
# Return up the ladder and up the stairs. Enter the new room. {{Enemy List|Nobushi: Hitsukeban*2;Nobushi: Jintouban*3;Nobushi: Kikouban}}
#* The two statues can be interacted with to remove the {{Color|Electro}} buff on the enemies.

==Notes==
* See [[The Oni's Pride]] for dialogue.
* There are a total of:
** 4x [[Common Chest]]
** 2x [[Exquisite Chest]]
** 1x [[Precious Chest]]

==Completion Rewards==
{{Card|Mora|10,000}}
{{Card|Prithiva Topaz Fragment|1}}
{{Card|Adventurer's Experience|2}}
{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/P3uPrl9rwLU
|caption1 = Crumbling Guilt Guide (7 Chests)
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Crumbling Guilt
|zhs     = 摇摇欲坠的罪恶
|zhs_rm  = Yáoyáoyùzhuì de Zuì'è
|zht     = 搖搖欲墜的罪惡
|zht_rm  = Yáoyáoyùzhuì de Zuì'è
|zh_tl   = Crumbling Sin
|ja      = 崩れてゆく罪悪
|ja_rm   = Kuzureteyuku Zaiaku
|ja_tl   = Crumbling Guilt
|ko      = 위태로운 죄악
|ko_rm   = Witaeroun Joe'ak
|ko_tl   = Precarious Sin
|es      = Culpabilidad tambaleante
|es_tl   = Unsteady Guilt
|fr      = Culpabilité tremblante
|fr_tl   = Trembling Guilt
|ru      = Шаткое злодеяние
|ru_tl   = Shaky Misdeed
|th      = ความผิดบาปที่พังทลาย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tội Ác Lung Lay
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schuldgefühle bröckeln
|de_tl   = Guilt Feelings Crumbling
|id      = Runtuhnya Rasa Bersalah
|id_tl   = Crumbling Guilt
|pt      = Culpa em Ruínas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Dağılan Suçluluk
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Senso di colpa pericolante
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Temporary}}

[[es:Escondite de los ronin]]