{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03020
|image         = Archon Quest C3A4 Cry From the Eleazar Hospital.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|act           = King Deshret and the Three Magi
|actNum        = IV
|part          = 2
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Alhaitham; Candace; Cyno; Dehya; Isak; Mizri; Paimon; Rahman; Razak; Shani; Traveler; Uncle Anpu
|startLocation = [[Aaru Village]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Land of Lower Setekh
|subarea       = Aaru Village
|prev          = The Missing Village Keepers
|next          = Secret of the Scorching Desert
|exp           = 775
|mora          = 31,175
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Cry From the Eleazar Hospital|chapter=3|act=4|part=2}}

==Steps==
# Leave the village chief's house
# Look for the person mentioned by [[Alhaitham]]
# Go to the Eleazar hospital
# Defeat the monsters
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Blazing Axe Mitachurl*1;Hilichurl Fighter*2;Pyro Hilichurl Shooter*2;Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard*1}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Stonehide Lawachurl*1}}
# Investigate the Elemental Monuments around the hospital (0/3)
# Go to the lower level of the hospital
# Go back to the village chief's house and meet up with everybody else
# Follow [[Cyno]]
# Follow Cyno and continue investigating

==Gameplay Notes==
* After rescuing [[Razak]] in Step 6 of this quest, the [[Ancient Key]] may be obtained from where he was at. It is used for the [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] ''[[Eleazar Hospital Notes]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After arresting [[the Radicals]] together with Dehya, you escorted them back to Aaru village. The testimony revealed the involvement of a mysterious man and his forces. At the same time, Alhaitham has appeared in front of the village chief's house...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Leave the village chief's house)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's get some food in us, and then we'll&mdash; Whoa!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where did you come from?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Well, as you can see, I am merely sitting here and reviewing what we have deduced thus far.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You were gone for ages, and now you're suddenly sitting here musing to yourself? Where have you been, anyway?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what's with the silence!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You never think things through before asking questions. I'm giving you some time to make up for that.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? Argh, Paimon's so mad! Paimon's gonna give you an ugly nickname!
:{{DIcon}} Go ahead, I won't stop you.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, um... Never mind, Paimon's got nothing...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's just nothing super obvious to pick with this guy... It makes it so hard.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Well, you've heard nothing to suggest I left this whole time. So clearly, I stayed in the village to investigate.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Anyway. You plan to leave Aaru Village and keep searching for the truth of this matter, yes?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, we're not gonna find out anything more by staying here. So we thought that we might as well take the search elsewhere.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Enough with the silent treatment!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he's giving us time to think...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' No, I'm just surprised that you decided to team up with him.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Alhaitham, you haven't helped us out at all ever since we arrived at Aaru Village. Bold of you to question our choices.
:{{DIcon}} That's true.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! You're all talk!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' While you were investigating, I had my own work to do, which I've now finished.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Paimon doesn't believe you.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' To be honest, we aren't really a team, so I have no obligation to inform you of my whereabouts.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Not to mention that going separate ways allowed me to find some important information that you all had missed.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Right here in the village?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Correct.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' What did you learn?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'm going to take you to someone. But before that, you need to understand where she's coming from.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What does that mean?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' How do you think the residents of Aaru Village feel about what we're doing?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' In other words, do you truly believe every single word the villagers tell us?
:{{DIcon}} ...!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean... some of them lied to us?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hiding the truth does not necessarily equate to lying. Again, these people have their reasons.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 16.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Remember what Candace said? Most people in Aaru Village don't necessarily care which deity is in charge of Sumeru. That's because whether King Deshret or the Dendro Archon has power is of little significance to them.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 17.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' By contrast, the perils of their daily lives are ever-present concerns. They won't simply share everything they know with you without good reason. That's why you believed there was no further information to be found in this village.
:{{DIcon}} So you're saying we can find new info from someone we've already spoken to.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 18.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Glad you're following along.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 19.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Among those you have talked to, there's someone who was consciously keeping you out of the loop. In fact, she's been observing your every move since you arrived.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 20.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The reason being... To someone who only wants to live their life in peace, any external factors introduce unpredictability into the equation.
:;(A flashback begins)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 shani 01.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Whaaa! Those eyes, those fierce eyes! Y&mdash;You look like a real fighter...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Don't change the subject.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 21.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's quite obvious that she's intimidated by Cyno's authority and strength.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 shani 02.ogg}} '''Shani:''' R&mdash;Right! You were asking about the Vil&mdash; I mean, the mad scholars.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 22.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' She corrected herself mid-sentence because she's aware that there are King Deshret fanatics in the village. If she sounds too friendly towards the Village Keepers, she could easily make herself the Radicals' next target.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 shani 03.ogg}} '''Shani:''' I think it's been a few days since I last saw them? I usually go to bed pretty early, so I'm not too familiar with what goes on at night.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 23.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Remember? She made a point of denying her involvement in anything that occurs at night.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 shani 04.ogg}} '''Shani:''' But honestly, I feel quite sympathetic towards them. Even though they act a little strange, they've helped me in the past. If it weren't for them, my house would've collapsed long ago.
:;(Flashback ends)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 24.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' After speaking to the village chief, it became clear that the Village Keepers had protected Aaru Village at night. In other words, the young miss was very much awake during that time.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then why would she lie?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 alhaitham 25.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' By getting involved with an outsider, she risks drawing unwanted attention to herself. As for why she might be so wary about all this... Maybe you should ask her.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I'll pass on this one.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' You said that she is afraid of me. If so, it's best if I stay out of this.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're on it!

;(Knock on Shani's door)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Miss Shani, as we discussed earlier, I've brought someone with me.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 01.ogg}} '''Shani:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 02.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Mr. Alhaitham, I'm aware of where you stand, but... How can I make sure that your friends think the same as you?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What do you mean? We need to clarify our stance or something?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Go ahead and talk to her. You'll get the answers you want.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Go on, earn her trust.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it really that simple...?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 03.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Um, may I call you "Traveler"?
:{{DIcon}} Sure thing. Hi, Miss Shani.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 04.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Hi, Traveler. I want to ask you something.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 05.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Do you think the resurrection of King Deshret can truly change Sumeru for the better?
:{{DIcon}} ...No.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 06.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Why's that?
:{{DIcon}} Because it'll only result in conflict.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 07.ogg}} '''Shani:''' That's very similar to what Miss Candace says. I know you two are friends. That's why I'm willing to talk to you, even though I do have some reservations.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 08.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Before, I wouldn't even have the courage to ask something like this.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 09.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Traveler, do you believe our lives will get better?
:{{DIcon}} ...
::{{DIcon}} I can't promise anything. But I'll do the best I can.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! We came here from another nation, so it isn't wrong of you to be wary. And... we aren't really residents of any one nation...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But even so, we've met lots of people from different places and we've always fought for what we believed in.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We have friends in Sumeru, and we want to help them... That's why we decided to stay here for a while.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 10.ogg}} '''Shani:''' ...
:;(Shani exits her house)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 11.ogg}} '''Shani:''' I... want to trust you.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 12.ogg}} '''Shani:''' My apologies for posing my questions like that. To be honest, I didn't expect you to come back for more information.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alhaitham told us you have your reasons. It's okay, we understand!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 13.ogg}} '''Shani:''' The fact is that I'm... Only one side of my family is desert folk. I don't really fit in anywhere in Sumeru.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 14.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Some believe in the Dendro Archon, while others believe in King Deshret. I don't belong to either side, and neither side would want me.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, the Radicals mentioned that they despise traitors... Do they just think that anyone who's different from them is a traitor?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 15.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Yeah... Some people can be so narrow-minded when it comes to bloodline and beliefs... It makes no difference what I say or how I behave, I'll always be suspected of having ulterior motives.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 16.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Slowly, I just stopped talking to people. I pretended not to hear or see anything. All I want is to live my life in peace...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 17.ogg}} '''Shani:''' ...And then it happened. The [[Village Keepers]] who had helped me disappeared with no explanation, and I didn't dare breathe a word about it to anyone... until now.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 alhaitham 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq105 2 alhaitham 04b.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You can tell them. I'm sure {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'ll keep your secret.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 18.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Alright. I'll tell you what I told Alhaitham.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 19.ogg}} '''Shani:''' I actually have a sharper sense of hearing than most. Sometimes... I hear strange crying sounds in the night.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eek! There are ghosts!?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 20.ogg}} '''Shani:''' Perhaps. I'm not sure. It's faint, but it's definitely the sound of crying. It comes from far away in the distance, and always carries very raw emotion.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 21.ogg}} '''Shani:''' It used to be louder and more frequent, but ever since you arrived in the village, it doesn't seem to happen as often, and when it does, it's much quieter. I have to focus really hard to make it out.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I confirmed this with the guards on night duty. They also have someone with a good ear, and he's heard similar sounds at night.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But because we're in the middle of a desert, he would rather believe that they are the cries of beasts than ghosts.
:{{DIcon}} Could you make out where the sounds were coming from?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 shani 22.ogg}} '''Shani:''' There's really nothing around these parts... except for an old hospital not far from the village.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I think they used to use it for treating [[Eleazar]]... But it's been abandoned for years.
:{{DIcon}} We need to check out that hospital!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, let's go!
----
;(Approach the hospital)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this the place? It's in terrible shape... and there's sand everywhere.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Empty and forgotten. An ideal place to hide people.

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaah, monsters! Watch out!

;(After defeating the enemies)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... They were easier to deal with than Paimon had expected.
:{{DIcon}} What were you even expecting?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... super strong bandits? Or monsters taller than buildings dropping out of the sky? Or y'know, something like that.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He looks super serious... We gotta stay on our A-game, too!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' ...This is the one.
:;(Alhaitham's Vision flashes and the Dendro Monument is activated)
:;(The barrier on the hospital entrance disappears)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaaah!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Let's go in and take a look.

:'''You carefully search the abandoned hospital...'''

:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heeey! Alhaitham, we haven't found squat! Are you sure we aren't wasting our time here?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Patience. Shani says she only hears the crying at night. We have time to burn.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Until then...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'm taking a break.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And just like that, he sits down... Wait, he even brought a book to read!?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What are you reading? Let Paimon see!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Okay, sure.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Umm... "The 'natural position,' which is the positional propensity of an entity in 'natural motion,' in contrast with an object in 'forced motion'... Huh? When free from external influences, every entity... displays the tendency to follow its natural trajectory..."
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' So, you got that?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon gives up! You keep reading your book... See ya!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How is he so relaxed? Look at him, reading an impossible book in a creepy place like this.
:{{DIcon}} You know, it wouldn't kill you to read a book once in a while, either.
::{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 14a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Paimon's your Teyvat travel guide! Paimon knows plenty of useful stuff already!
::{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 14a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And anyway, it's not Paimon's fault that the books people read in Sumeru are so complicated...
::{{DIcon}} Okay, okay, Paimon's the best.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it's time to spread your wings and become learned.
::{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 14b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what good is that gonna do for you? You're acting like one of those annoying grown-ups who go around nagging people to focus on their studies!
::{{DIcon}} The more you learn, the more money you can earn to support me.
::{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 14b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what gives? Shouldn't you be the one providing for Paimon!?
::{{DIcon}} Isn't that what I'm doing now?
::{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 14b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right... Okay then.
::{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 14b 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, thank you for working so hard and earning so much Mora... If it weren't for you, Paimon would probably still be floating around in the ocean somewhere... Hehe.
::{{A|vo xmaq105 3 paimon 14b 5.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thank you!
::{{DIcon}} You're welcome.
:;(Time transitions to night)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *yawn* Paimon's getting so sleepy...
:;(Crying sounds come from the hospital)
:{{DIcon}} ...!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What was that sound?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' There it is.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's coming from that direction.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is the sound coming from here? Paimon's not seeing anything.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's from below.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?! But there's no way we can get down there!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Something is off about the interior here.
:;(Alhaitham opens a hatch to the basement)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hmm...
:;(Everyone proceeds downstairs to find another barrier)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' As I thought. There's a hidden structure.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... It's like they tucked another hospital into this one...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks like there are other mechanisms around here. Let's keep exploring!
:;(The player is teleported back to the hospital entrance)
----
;(Enter the lower level of the hospital after activating all three Dendro Monuments)

;(Approach the person at the hospital)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, there's someone over there!
:{{DIcon}} We need to be careful!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good idea, let's approach him slowly without alarming him...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Wait...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You're
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 razaq 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Ugh... Argh...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He can't speak, and his eyes are unfocused... But he looks too young to be anyone's grandfather.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, why's he the only one here?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Didn't expect to see him here.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...You know him?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' He's [[Razak]], a senior of mine at the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's a scholar, too? Is he the kind that holes up in a forest and mumbles stuff about training?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' No, and that's the problem.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Razak was never involved in any of those things. He never trained in the forest, let alone reached Satyavada Life.
:{{DIcon}} So how did he become like this?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Leaving that question aside for the moment... him being here alone means that we might be too late.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Looks like they've already taken everyone away. For whatever reason, they left Razak here &mdash; perhaps they simply didn't have time to come back for him.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 16.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 17.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' There are drag marks on the ground. They're clearer by the doorway. Someone was forcefully drawing a cart that was loaded with something heavy.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Loaded with... people?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 18.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That is one possibility. It looks like they were in a hurry, as if they were afraid of being caught. In their haste, they failed to notice Razak hiding in a corner.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 razaq 02.ogg}} '''Razak:''' Aah... Ugh, uhh...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 19.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The symptoms are identical. Looks like we've found "living proof."
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, why do you say that?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 20.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Allow me to jog your memory. Recall your time at [[Port Ormos]].
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 21.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Don't you think his symptoms look familiar?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:;{{A|vo xmaq105 4 misri 01.ogg}} (The Traveler has a flashback of [[Mizri]] at Port Ormos)
:'''(Traveler):''' ...
:{{DIcon}} ...! The Eremite guy who went mad!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Now that you mention it... They're acting the same way!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 22.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Correct. The Akademiya is behind all of this.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 23.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It isn't difficult to deduce their rationale.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 24.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' First, the Akademiya spread a false rumor of King Deshret's resurrection, emphasizing the role of the Village Keepers &mdash; the mad scholars who were exiled to Aaru Village.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 25.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' These rumors were all the persuasion that the Radicals needed, and those based in Aaru Village leapt into action. Unbeknownst to them, of course, through rounding up the scholars, they were actually helping the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 26.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' As well as being able to exploit the Radicals for their own ends, this scheme has one further advantage to the Akademiya: All the risks and responsibilities are offloaded onto King Deshret's followers.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 27.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Life for the desert-dwellers has been brutal ever since King Deshret's death all those years ago. Beneath the surface, feelings of desperation are widespread.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 28.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Many would give everything they have for the prospect of something better. Anyone looking to exploit that for their own ends simply needs to make a few empty promises.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 29.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Even if complications arise, people will see that those involved are all followers of King Deshret, and look for no further explanation than differences of belief. A deep-seated mistrust of the desert and everyone in it by the rest of Sumeru will make sure of that.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 30.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The notion of an Akademiya plot wouldn't even cross their minds. It may seem like a simple strategy, but it is able to work wonders under Sumeru's current circumstances.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohhh, that makes a lot of sense. It's in line with the village chief's theory, too!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But there's still one very important question... Wasn't it the Akademiya that brought the scholars to Aaru Village in the first place? Why does it want them back now?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 31.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Throughout this process, one thing has changed: the scholars' identity.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 32.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' First, they were "scholars." Then, they became "lunatics." After that, they were "exiles," and finally... they become "missing persons."
:{{DIcon}} I see...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 33.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' An exile is still patently a living, breathing human being, but when someone becomes a missing person... that is brought into question.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 34.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' If you can't find someone, you have no way of knowing what exactly happened to them. That makes missing people an ideal resource.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Resource"? For what, exactly?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 35.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' One possibility is that the information in their brains could be extracted into [[Canned Knowledge|Knowledge Capsules]].
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Extracted... You mean Canned Knowledge comes from people's brains!?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 36.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' With the technology of the Sumeru Akademiya, it's entirely possible.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 37.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Perhaps the process caused them great suffering, which is why they cry out in the dead of night, when no one is watching them.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the human brain&mdash; Nope, nuh-uh, Paimon doesn't wanna think about this...
:{{DIcon}} How did you learn of this technology?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 38.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'm the Akademiya's scribe, after all. I'm familiar with their projects.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 39.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Anyway, judging by Razak's state, the contents of a [[Divine Knowledge Capsule]] were extracted from his mind, but something went wrong in the process...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 40.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Or perhaps, his curiosity got the better of him, and he used such a capsule for himself.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's a little confused... Can they just use anyone's brain?
:'''(Traveler):''' (No, that can't be right. Most of the mad scholars had made contact with the "divine consciousness" in the forest... That's what the Akademiya is after.)
:'''(Traveler):''' (It's also safe to assume that... this knowledge has something to do with the [[Fatui]], [[The Doctor]], and also The Balladeer. They're using Divine Knowledge Capsules to turn [[The Balladeer]] into a god.)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 41.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The look on your face tells me you've realized the answer.
:{{DIcon}} The Akademiya needs people who have been exposed to the "divine consciousness."
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 42.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That's right. To some scholars, gaining knowledge about the gods is their entire life's pursuit. Extracting Canned Knowledge is just one of the extreme measures they turn to.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 43.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' However, I can't help but wonder: What do they seek to gain from divine knowledge?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 44.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The Akademiya is going out of their way to look for forbidden knowledge, but what is their ultimate goal?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 45.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I've spent quite some time trying to analyze the contents of the Divine Knowledge Capsule, but to no avail. It seems like my way of thinking is too different from theirs.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean, you're not even slightly interested in getting your hands on this forbidden stuff?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 46.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' All scholars seek to expand the horizons of knowledge. But I'm not particularly interested in gods, so I don't share their degree of zealotry.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 47.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Extracting information from people as if they were lifeless objects... If this is the direction of academic progress, then the Akademiya may as well shut its doors.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like you're really against all this...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 48.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Of course. The Akademiya's actions run contrary to their rules.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 49.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Whether it be academics or knowledge, everything has its boundaries. If those lines are crossed, the rules and order that govern everything in the world will be destroyed.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 50.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' This matter needs to be corrected, just like fixing a typo in a book.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, didn't you step in to help because you felt sympathy for those poor people?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 51.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Not to be callous, but no. My criteria are a little more restrictive than that.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 52.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' There is no shortage of suffering in Sumeru, and the same can be said for the rest of Teyvat as well. What do you plan to do about that? Save every last person?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 25.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... Probably not... Paimon's not sure...
:{{DIcon}} Your motives are more specific and personal.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 53.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You can say that. Simply put, I don't blindly place my faith into strength or heroism. I do what I want.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 54.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The Divine Knowledge Capsule is something I want to investigate in full. That doesn't mean I'm willing to take action for the sake of a few strangers.
:'''(Traveler):''' (...Though he rejects the notion of greater moral responsibility, he justifies his actions because they are true to his personal motivations.)
:'''(Traveler):''' (Someone like him... might actually make for a better ally.)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 26.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's been wanting to say this for a while. There are a lot of bad guys in the Akademiya, but you're not one of them... You're their weirdo!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 55.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' ...You're probably right.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 56.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Though I must say, I quite enjoy this feeling of being the odd one out.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 57.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Uniqueness is also an asset, is it not?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 27.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, that's a great way to think about it. Paimon's really impressed! If only Miss Shani had a similar mindset, her life would definitely be a lot easier...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 58.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'm just a more likable person than her in general. There's nothing more to it than that.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 paimon 28.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Uh, so what do we do with him?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 59.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' He won't last long if we leave him here. Let's take him with us.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 4 alhaitham 60.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' We'll work out our next step after we return to Aaru Village.
----
;(Enter the village chief's house)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're back!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' You must be tired. You should rest, and take some water.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' What's the situation?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Hmm? Who's this?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Unfortunately, somebody who is too young to take on the role of Isak's grandfather. Nevertheless, he's one of the people we're trying to find.

:'''You tell everyone what you saw in the abandoned hospital and share your current theory.'''

:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' So, at one point in time, the abandoned Eleazar hospital served as the Akademiya's site for extracting Divine Canned Knowledge.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, pretty much.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Their plan must have been implemented at some point before we arrived at Aaru Village, since Divine Canned Knowledge has been in circulation for a while now.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Yet, they fled once we were headed to the village, almost as if they knew we were on their trail. Why is that?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, yeah, why is that...?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 candace 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' We may have a mole in our midst.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 candace 04.ogg}} '''Candace:''' One of us could be secretly revealing our whereabouts to the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Are our friendships that shallow?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Looks like none of you have realized wherein lies the issue.
:{{DIcon}} Care to share your thoughts?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Cyno, you're the reason why they can predict our movements.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, what's that supposed to mean!?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Choose your next words very carefully.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It is simply a logical inference. I have my reasons.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 candace 05.ogg}} '''Candace:''' So what you're saying is... Cyno's the mole?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 candace 06.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Interesting. And here I thought you were the most suspicious one, Alhaitham, since you were always acting alone.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I know. You have a point, but I realized something as we were returning from the hospital &mdash; Cyno isn't like any of us.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...What are you trying to say?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Do you still remember who you are, General Mahamatra?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' As a matra, you are no doubt privy to certain kinds of information. Before you can take action against someone, you are required to have all the facts available, including the less-than-savory details.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Simply put, the Akademiya has traditionally allowed you access to a wealth of sensitive information. Knowing their modus operandi, wouldn't you expect them to take precautions against you?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' If you want to raise a vicious wolf, you need to make sure that you can avoid its bite.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' The Akademiya is monitoring me?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's not that simple. The Akademiya has eyes all over Sumeru, but they have a special protocol for dealing with you.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Every so often comes a [[Akasha System#Jnagarbha Day|Jnagarbha Day]]. On this day, the Akademiya enters new information into the Akasha through Knowledge Capsules.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I remember seeing the thick notebook next to the control panel once. Its contents were all about the General Mahamatra &mdash; his activities throughout the day, preferred methods of enacting judgment... everything.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' You're saying that the Akademiya entered my information into the Akasha, too?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...But what's the point in doing that? My actions aren't important enough to be added into the Akasha.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The Akasha is capable of computation.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The Akasha's algorithms are entirely capable of predicting your movements using the data entered. When you would depart, the route you would follow, your destination... it knew all of this.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 13.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It predicted my every move...!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The Akademiya has been watching you longer than you think. However, the fact that you resigned is proof that their suspicions were well-founded.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 candace 07.ogg}} '''Candace:''' So that's how it is... Cyno adheres to his principles so strongly that he's actually a thorn in their side.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 candace 08.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Tenacity of will and steadfast faith are worthless to the Akademiya. They need scholars who are easily pliable and mindlessly go after anything they can profit from.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 candace 09.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Cyno, don't take it to heart. This just proves how much of a trustworthy ally you are.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 14.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 15.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' They escaped because of me.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't blame yourself! It's not like any of us would've known!
:{{DIcon}} Exactly.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 16.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...I have an idea.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 17.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' If they've predicted my movements... then I might be able to guess where they went.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Whoa, you bounced back fast!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 16.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' There is always an opportunity for safety after danger passes.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, so that's how it is! Paimon gets it now!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If the Akademiya is trying to avoid Cyno, then the safest place would be...
:{{DIcon}} One step behind him.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, that's right!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 18.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' They'll want to proceed in the direction opposite of where I'm going.
:{{DIcon}} You're getting smarter, Paimon!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 cyno 19.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I must go.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 alhaitham 17.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' There's also something I want to investigate.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go, guys! After 'em!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 isak 01.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Please, wait! I wanna go, too!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 candace 10.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Hmm, you want to go, too? If so... you have to promise you'll stay safe.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 isak 02.ogg}} '''Isak:''' I wanna find Grandpa! I promise I'll be careful and not cause any trouble.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 candace 11.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Everyone, I leave him in your hands.
:{{DIcon}} Alright.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay, let's go! Remember to pack some food with you!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon feels like we're missing someone though... Hmm...

;(Talk to Candace, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq105 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I'll be awaiting your good news.

;(Talk to Uncle Anpu, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq105 uncleanpe 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Anpu:''' Please stay safe, everyone.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|To find the Village Keepers who were taken away, you set out again...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Cyno)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, where do we go from here?
:{{DIcon}} Cyno, do you remember the route you took?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 6 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Yes. After leaving the village, we should head straight toward the desert.

;(Follow Cyno)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 6 isak 01.ogg}} '''Isak:''' I know the desert like the back of my hand!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that because you play here a lot?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 6 isak 02.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Yup! One time, Grandpa almost got lost in the desert, but I was the one who brought him back.

;(After following Cyno)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' There's something here.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' What's this...?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's buried in the sand... Looks like we'll need to roll up our sleeves and do some work.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And Paimon thought running around everywhere was already enough work!
:{{DIcon}} Now isn't the time for complaining, Paimon.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, okay... So we have to dig it out? Whatever's down there looks like it's buried really deep.

:'''With some effort, you manage to retrieve the buried objects.'''

:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' These are likely fragments of an Akademiya-developed device, something akin to a headset.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Looks like there were more than one Village Keeper. They must have been escorted this way, because there are device fragments scattered around here...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Let's split up and search the area. Chances are that we'll find other things nearby.

:'''Everyone goes in different directions and starts digging in the sand.'''

:'''After a short while, you dig up another device nearby.'''

:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this what we're searching for? It looks kinda scary...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' This is definitely a device used to extract divine knowledge.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' How did it end up buried in the sand? That can't have been part of the plan.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' They must've been attacked along the way.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, what!?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 isak 01.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Grandpa... I hope you're okay...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, your grandpa's gonna be fine!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Razak didn't display any signs of starvation or dehydration, which means that they left fairly recently.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' We should be able to catch up.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' One more thing: Given that the device had been entirely covered by sand...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I believe the attack must have happened prior to the sandstorm.
:{{DIcon}} I agree.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Let's keep going. They can't have gone far.

;(Follow Cyno)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, but running on sand is sooo tiring...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 isak 02.ogg}} '''Isak:''' But... you're flying, aren't you, Paimon? Is flying over sand tiring too?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaagh, of course it is...

;(Approach the dilapidated building)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Voices, over there... It sounds like an argument.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, you have really good ears...
----
;(After following Cyno)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Don't get any closer. They'll notice us.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Dehya's talking with the Eremites? Heh, very interesting... Let's listen in.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...If you had informed me sooner, there'd be plenty of room for us to...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 01.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' ...You're one of us... We would never lie...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Scholars... You don't know as much as I do... Need me to...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 02.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Haha, I knew it... That's our Dehya...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 isak 01.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Dehya... Why would you...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 isak 02.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Dehya!!!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! What are you doing!?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 isak 03.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Didn't you say you'd help me find Grandpa!? Wh&mdash;Why are you on their side?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 03.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Haha, well, look who's here. Ain't that something.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Ugh, this complicates things.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...You've betrayed Aaru Village?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 04.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' So, this is the great General Mahamatra. Haha.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 05.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Dehya, you'd be better off as my assistant than hanging around with this motley crew. You've seen for yourself &mdash; I have the means and methods, and my ideals are far more admirable than theirs.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'm not the type that's easily swayed, Rahman. You of all people should know that.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, what's going on, Dehya? Whose side are you on here?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Shut it, Paimon.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 06.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' It doesn't matter. Whichever side you pick, nothing can deter us from the grand mission of resurrecting King Deshret. Once our lord of old returns to this land, we will have a new beginning.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Face the facts, Rahman &mdash; it's not gonna happen. You should understand that more than anyone. Have all your years as a merc taught you nothing about placing hopes in a ruler?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 07.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' I'm a desert-dweller, and a proud follower of King Deshret. Whether I live by the edge of the sword or in peaceful comfort, my soul will always carry this conviction.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' It's not too late yet. The Village Kee&mdash; ...mad scholars aren't gonna bring King Deshret back to life.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 08.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' You don't understand, my dear lady. Pursuing our faith is our purpose in life. Even if the chance of success is one in a million, we must be willing to give everything we have.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Even if it'll expose you to the Akademiya? Even if they end up disbanding the Eremites? YOUR Eremites, which you've worked so hard for all these years?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 09.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Yes.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 10.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' We've waited a long time for this day to come... The sun and the moon no longer shine here. All you see now is cracks in this desiccated land. But, fate has finally dealt me a hand to play against the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 11.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' With these scholars in our custody, we'll stomp the Akademiya's forces and fight our way beyond the Wall of Samiel.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...Ridiculous. Think about it, the Akademiya controls the entirety of Sumeru. Your powers are negligible in comparison.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If you still don't believe me, then try asking these two men. They're also against the Akademiya, but neither of them are as arrogant as you are.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 12.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Hah, they look more like pawns of the Akademiya to me. Why would I listen to anything the people of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata have to say?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 13.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Filthy traitors... Your god abandoned all honor and betrayed King Deshret. We desert-dwellers will never trust the likes of you.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It's impossible to communicate with someone so hostile.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Perhaps we should...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Do you really believe that by kidnapping the scholars, you'll be able to negotiate with the Akademiya?
:{{DIcon}} Huh? Alhaitham?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' These people have no value as bargaining chips, but I could be persuaded to take their place as your next hostage.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' These scholars were exiled from the Akademiya. I, on the other hand, am their current scribe and will be a much greater asset to you.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Wait, you can't be serious.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 14.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' So, you wanna trade places with the hostages, do ya?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Precisely. Any wise person would gladly accept my offer.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What're you thinking!? What if they decide to kill you instead?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Well, that would be bad luck for me.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' However, I'd get the chance to observe the scholars &mdash; perhaps even find out the truth.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 15.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Think you can talk me over with that confident look of yours?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'm not trying to persuade you. I'm using this as a means of joining forces against the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 16.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' You are their scribe. What do you have against the Akademiya?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Not all desert-dwellers believe in King Deshret, and the same applies to the Akademiya. Why must all knowledge-seekers approve of the Akademiya's way of doing things?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 17.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Hah... hahaha!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 18.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' You Akademiya scum! Every last one of you is nothing but a hypocrite, just like everyone else on the other side of that wall! I've made myself clear enough... I won't listen to another word from the Dendro Archon's people.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 13.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Not so fast.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 14.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Alhaitham, do you stand by everything you just said?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I never make empty promises.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 15.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You know you're making a dangerous decision, right?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I do.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 16.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Good! Rahman, hear me out. These people are my friends. Maybe you can't take the followers of the Dendro Archon at their word, but what about me? Do you trust me?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 19.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' We've known each other for years. Of course I do.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 17.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' In that case, I'm willing to vouch for their honesty with my right arm.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 20.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 18.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Come on, Rahman, don't be a coward. If you're serious about taking on the Akademiya, you need to steel yourself. You can't be afraid.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 21.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Ha! An arm from the Flame-Mane? You've piqued my interest.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 22.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' But what if you refuse to oblige? What should I do then? No one's a fool here, Dehya. We're mercs. And mercs don't tend to live long unless they have their wits about them.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 19.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You're not wrong, but this is different. I promised my friends that we'd bring back the Village Keepers together.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 23.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Hah! Let's do it right here then. Give me your right arm as proof of your resolve.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 20.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't listen to him! He's not even trying to negotiate, he just wants to make things more difficult!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 21.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...That's fine.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you crazy!?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 22.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' We came here to save lives. One arm for that many people is still a pretty good deal if you ask me. Rahman, I'm holding up my end of the deal here. You'd better not let me down.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 24.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Sure. Go ahead and cut off her right arm.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 isak 04.ogg}} '''Isak:''' No!!!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dehya! What are you gonna do? Think of something!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' ...You don't have to go this far.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 23.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' That's not for you to decide.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 25.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Do it!
:{{DIcon}} Dehya!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dehya, run!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...Huh!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 24.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...
:;(Dehya closes her eyes as one of Rahman's lackeys starts to swing their sword.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 26.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Stop!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 25.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...What's wrong? Can't do it?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 27.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Flame-Mane, you and I are both desert folk. Cutting off your arm is no different than cutting off my own fingers. Where's the sense in cutting my own kin to pieces?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Tch.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 rahman 28.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' You've shown me that you're serious. Go on now, take your friends and leave. Meet me in the desert at noon tomorrow.
:;(Dehya leaves with the Traveler and company)
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 26.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...Phew!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 27.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I was really counting on him not going through with it.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 isak 05.ogg}} '''Isak:''' Dehya!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That was crazy! Have you all lost your minds!? What if he'd actually cut your arm off!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 28.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hmm, then I'd just have to hold my claymore with my left arm.
:{{DIcon}} Please don't do that ever again!
:{{DIcon}} I'll be worried about you!
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 29.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Okay, I'm sorry... But sometimes when you're out on a limb, you gotta double down to seal the deal, you know?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Don't ever make a promise like that again. I can deal with the likes of them.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' If it came down to it, you would not lose to them either.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 30.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I don't doubt it, Cyno, but this is about more than me and them... There's a lot more where they came from.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 31.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Even if we got rid of one bunch of radicals, there are others out there. Wiping them out would do more harm than good.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Ah... As you wish.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 isak 06.ogg}} '''Isak:''' I'm sorry, Dehya! I should've stayed put and listened... I should've trusted you...
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 32.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' It's okay. I promised you I'd help find your grandpa, so I'll do whatever it takes.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Whatever it takes? You just might be scholar material.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 33.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Huh? Are you serious?
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The Eremites once said that I was a lunatic. Perhaps a little madness is essential to be successful in research.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 34.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Why does it feel like he's using his praise for me as an excuse to brag about himself?
:{{DIcon}} I think he was just stating the truth.
:{{DIcon}} That's just how he is.
:{{A|vo xmaq105 8 dehya 35.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Okay, let's get moving. We should head back to the village and rest up. Today was just a trial run &mdash; noon tomorrow is gonna be the hard part.

:'''You all return to Aaru Village and rest in your rooms in preparation for tomorrow's hostage exchange.'''

:'''But what are the chances of success? What are the stakes? There is no way of knowing...'''

:;(The player is teleported back to Aaru Village)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cry From the Eleazar Hospital
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Mlng-bng Yyun de Kshng
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Mlng-bng Yyun de Kshng
|zh_tl   = Cry from the {{lex|Eleazar|zh}} Hospital
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Marinbyou Byouin no Nakigoe
|ja_tl   = Cry From the {{lex|Eleazar|ja}} Hospital
|ko      =   
|ko_rm   = Bineulppyeong Byeong'won-ui Ureumssori
|ko_tl   = {{lex|Eleazar|ko}} Hospital's Cry
|es      = Llantos en el hospital de eleazar
|es_tl   = Cries in the Eleazar Hospital
|fr      = Pleurs dans l'hpital traitant l'lazar
|fr_tl   = Cries in the Hospital Treating Eleazar
|ru      =   
|ru_tl   = Cry From the Hospital
|th      =  Eleazar
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ting Khc Ca Bnh Vin Eleazar
|vi_tl   = The Cry of Eleazar Hospital
|de      = Heulen aus dem Eleazarkrankenhaus
|de_tl   = Cry From the Eleazark Hospital
|id      = Tangisan dari Rumah Sakit Eleazar
|id_tl   = Cry From the Eleazar Hospital
|pt      = Os Prantos do Hospital de Eleazar
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Eleazar Hastanesindeki Yakar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Lamenti dall'ospedale dell'Eleazar
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter III}}
[[es:Llantos en el hospital de eleazar]]