{{Element Infobox
|region       = Snezhnaya
|archon       = Tsaritsa
|gem          = Shivada Jade
|status       = Cryo
|reaction     = Electro, Hydro, Pyro, Anemo, Geo
}}
'''Cryo''' is one of the seven [[Elements]].

Its associated [[Archon]] is the [[Tsaritsa]], whose domain is [[Snezhnaya]].

==Elemental Resonance==
Having two Cryo characters in the group results in the [[Elemental Resonance]]:
*'''Shattering Ice:''' Affected by Electro for 40% less time. Increases CRIT Rate against enemies that are Frozen or affected by Cryo by 15%.

==Elemental Reactions==
{{Cryo}} has the following [[Elemental Reactions]]:
*{{Icon/Element|Electro}} '''[[Superconduct]]:''' Deals {{Color|AoE Cryo DMG}} and reduces the {{Color|Physical RES}} of enemies caught in the AoE by 40%.
*{{Icon/Element|Hydro}} '''[[Frozen]]:''' Freezes the target. If the frozen target is hit by a [[Claymore]], a [[Plunge Attack]], or {{Color|Geo DMG}}, it will cause [[Shattered]]. Shattering a frozen target will deal additional {{Color|Physical DMG}}.
*{{Icon/Element|Pyro}} '''[[Melt]]:''' Deals ×1.5 {{Color|Cryo DMG}} when a Cryo attack triggers the reaction.
*{{Icon/Element|Anemo}} '''[[Swirl]]:''' Deals {{Color|AoE Cryo DMG}} while spreading the Cryo status to nearby enemies.
*{{Icon/Element|Geo}} '''[[Crystallize]]:''' Creates a Cryo shield.

==Cryo Status==
{{Cryo}} is a status effect that reduces overall character speed. While affected by the {{Cryo}} status, all animation speed will decrease by 15%. This animation speed decrease stacks multiplicatively with [[Attack Speed]] and [[Movement Speed]]. This is not to be confused with [[Sheer Cold]], an environmental mechanic that is the result of the [[Subzero Climate]].

Unlike other elements, the Cryo status can also be applied to certain objects, such as [[Geo Constructs#Exploration|Ores]], [[Thunderwood]]s, [[Thunder Dwelling]]s, and [[Amber]]'s [[Explosive Puppet|Baron Bunny]], and can allow certain elemental reactions to occur on such objects.

==Cryo Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Cryo Characters|noelement=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Cryo Characters|noelement=1}}

==Enemies==
Some [[Enemies]] are capable of generating a Cryo shield or constructs, providing them with significant offensive or defensive abilities. The shields and constructs that are breakable are often best broken with {{Pyro}} applications.
{{Enemies by Category List|header=1}}

==Exploration==
Some environmental objects or obstacles are considered as Cryo objects:
*[[Exploding Barrel|Cryo Exploding Barrels]]
*Frozen Chests
*Frozen Snowboar
*Ice
*Icicle

==Cryo Damage Bonus==
{{Main|Cryo Damage Bonus}}

==Cryo Resistance==
{{Main|Cryo Resistance}}

==Gallery==
{{Preview
|file=Status Cryo
|caption=A character affected by Cryo
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cryo
|zhs     = 冰
|zhs_rm  = Bīng
|zht     = 冰
|zht_rm  = Bīng
|zh_tl   = Ice
|ja      = {{Rubi|氷|こおり}}
|ja_rm   = Koori
|ja_tl   = Ice
|ko      = 얼음
|ko_rm   = Eoreum
|ko_tl   = Ice
|es      = Cryo
|fr      = Cryo
|ru      = Крио
|th      = น้ำแข็ง
|th_rm   = Nam khaeng
|th_tl   = Ice
|vi      = {{tt|Băng|冰}}
|vi_tl   = Ice
|de      = Kryo
|id      = Cryo
|pt      = Cryo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Element Navbox}}

[[de:Kryo]]
[[pt-br:Cryo]]
[[vi:Băng]]
[[th:น้ำแข็ง]]
[[fr:Cryo]]
[[ja:氷]]
[[pl:Cryo]]
[[ru:Крио]]
[[uk:Кріо]]