{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00383
|image         = Archon Quest C0A2 Crystal Tears.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = II
|act           = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|part          = 12
|startLocation = [[Dawn Winery]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Dawn Winery
|prev          = Fallen Tears
|prev2         = Hidden Tears
|prev3         = Stolen Tears
|next          = Reunion With the Dragon
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*250;Mora*6,000;Character EXP*3,125;Fine Enhancement Ore*7;Completely Repaired Holy Lyre der Himmel*1
|characters    = Diluc;Jean;Paimon;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|2|part=12}}

==Steps==
# Go to [[Dawn Winery]]
# Talk to [[Jean]]
# Use [[Teardrop Crystal|Dvalin's Tear]] on the [[Partially Repaired Holy Lyre der Himmel|Holy Lyre]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After completing the retrieval of the tears, you meet up with the rest of the group.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Jean)
:{{A|vo mdaq060 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woohoo!
:{{A|vo mdaq060 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Dvalin]] Protection Squad! Assemble!
:{{A|vo mdaq060 2 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Let's put our crystals together.
:{{A|vo mdaq060 2 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo mdaq060 2 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The color of these crystals looks... muddy.
:{{A|vo mdaq060 2 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Dvalin... You're going through so much pain...
:{{A|vo mdaq060 2 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...Let's start purifying these crystals first. Please, {{Traveler}}.
:;(The red Teardrop Crystals are restored to a green color)
:{{A|vo mdaq060 2 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' It is hard to believe such a thing is possible, until you've seen it with your own eyes.
:{{A|vo mdaq060 2 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Interesting. It's like filtering wine. The process is... refreshing.
:{{A|vo mdaq060 2 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I think we should have enough tears now. So next we...
:{{A|vo mdaq060 2 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Use the crystal on the Holy Lyre like last time.
:{{DIcon}} Let me give it a try...
:;(The player is prompted to drop the tears onto the Partially Repaired Holy Lyre der Himmel)
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It worked!
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' It seems completely different from before.
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The lyre's [[Anemo]] power seems fully restored. We should be able to use it now.
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It's all thanks to you, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Now, where should we summon Stormterror?
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' It must be away from the city, else there will be casualties should we fail.
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 qin 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Perhaps here at the winery...
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If the winery was destroyed, it's not something I couldn't eventually fix, but... I'd still rather not go through the hassle.
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 qin 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' ...
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The wind that blows at sea or in high places should be able to carry a bard's words far away.
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It's never going to work if the air is too dry or suffocating.
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon understands. Sea or high places, right?
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then the best location to play the lyre would be...
:{{DIcon}} A cliff?
:{{DIcon}} Near the sea?
:{{DIcon}} In the sky? You could play the lyre as you're gliding through the air...
::{{A|vo mdaq061 4 qin 06c.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Even [[Amber]] would never think of doing such a thing...
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If you go east from [[Starfell Lake]], there are mountains south of the beach.
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ..Oh! You mean that beach you were snoring away on and Paimon had to wake you?
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If you head to where the cliff juts out &mdash; that place is known as {{Color|buzzword|Starsnatch Cliff}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' What do you think, bard? Meets the requirements, no?
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Lemme think... [[Starsnatch Cliff]]...
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...Alright, let's do it there.
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 qin 07.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Very well. Then let's meet at Starsnatch Cliff when we are ready.
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 qin 08.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Please don't be late.
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee! Yes, Ma'am!
:{{A|vo mdaq061 4 qin 09.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Ah, sorry. I didn't mean to...
:;(Obtain {{Item|Completely Repaired Holy Lyre der Himmel}}, quest ends)

----

;(Talk to Diluc)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Although we may be able to negotiate with Stormterror, we'll most likely have to fight. Please be ready for it.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about [[Angel's Share]].
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 diluc 02a 1.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Some of Dawn Winery's wine is sold at Angel's Share, a local tavern.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 diluc 02a 2.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I work the bar there sometimes. If you ever need to talk to me, feel free to find me there.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 diluc 02a 3.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Otherwise, you might need to make an appointment with my butler.
:{{DIcon}} Why are you helping us?
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 diluc 02b 1.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I mostly decided to do it on a whim. Though I must say, that bard is quite intriguing.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 diluc 02b 2.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Besides, it's bad for my business if we keep letting Stormterror do whatever it pleases.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 diluc 02b 3.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Let me be clear though. I did it for you, not for the Knights.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 diluc 02c.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Nothing more? We'll meet at Starsnatch Cliff then.

;(Talk to Jean)
:'''Jean:''' I know I'm not here on official business, so why did I sound so stern just now? It seems I struggle to break out of work mode.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about the Knights.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 qin 02a 1.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The Knights of Favonius were all very busy dealing with the aftermath of the incident. I'm a bit ashamed of myself for it...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 qin 02a 2.ogg}} '''Jean:''' If only I was a stronger leader...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 qin 02a 3.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Or at least good enough to boost the morale and the strength of our troops like our [[Varka|Grand Master]] does...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 qin 02a 4.ogg}} '''Jean:''' No, I cannot feel sorry for myself. We need to solve our problems first. Right?
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about the Holy Lyre.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 qin 02b 1.ogg}} '''Jean:''' [[Barbatos]]' sacred relic, Mondstadt's treasure... The Holy Lyre.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 qin 02b 2.ogg}} '''Jean:''' No wonder it has the power to purify evil...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 qin 02b 3.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I hope it will help us save Dvalin, like Venti says.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 qin 02b 4.ogg}} '''Jean:''' If it can, then it truly is a blessing bestowed upon us by Lord Barbatos.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 qin 02c.ogg}} '''Jean:''' May the wind guide us in saving Dvalin.

;(Talk to Venti)
:'''Venti:''' Great job, {{Traveler}}. Now, look at what I can do!
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about Dvalin.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 venti 02a 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Dvalin used to be my friend... I still regard him as such.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 venti 02a 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' We used to listen to the songs of the wind and sing Ode to the Dandelion together...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 venti 02a 3.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That's why I remember him as someone gentle.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 venti 02a 4.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Huh? Of course, you're already my friend.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about wine.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 venti 02b 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Mondstadt is famous for its wine. It's the city's most prized treasure, I'd say.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 venti 02b 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Its dandelion wine is the best!
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 venti 02b 3.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Actually, the scent of dandelion in the wind alone is enough to get you drunk.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 venti 02b 4.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ah, I almost forgot that you're underage. Such a shame...
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq061 venti 02c.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I should prepare to meet my old friend.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Crystal Tears
|zhs     = 澄净之泪
|zhs_rm  = Chéngjìng zhī Lèi
|zht     = 澄淨之淚
|zht_rm  = Chéngjìng zhī Lèi
|zh_tl   = Clear Tears
|ja      = 澄浄なる涙
|ja_rm   = Choujou Naru Namida
|ja_tl   = Crystal-Clear Tears
|ko      = 순수한 눈물
|ko_tl   = Pure Tears
|es      = Lágrimas de cristal
|es_tl   = Crystal Tears
|fr      = Larmes de cristal
|fr_tl   = Crystal Tears
|ru      = Кристальные слёзы
|ru_tl   = Crystal Tears
|th      = น้ำตาบริสุทธิ์
|th_rm   = Nam Ta Borisut
|th_tl   = Pure Tears
|vi      = Giọt Nước Mắt Thuần Khiết
|vi_tl   = Pure Tears
|de      = Klare Tränen
|de_tl   = Clear Tears
|id      = Air Mata Jernih
|id_tl   = Clear Tears
|pt      = Lágrimas de Cristal
|pt_tl   = Crystal Tears
|tr      = Kristal Gözyaşları
|tr_tl   = Crystal Tears
|it      = Lacrime di cristallo
|it_tl   = Crystal Tears
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[es:Lágrimas de cristal]]
[[ja:澄浄なる涙]]
[[pt-br:Lágrimas de Cristal]]
[[vi:Giọt Nước Mắt Thuần Khiết]]