{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74075
|image         = <!--{{subst:#replace:{{subst:#replace:{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}|: | }}|" | }}.png-->
|type          = World
|group         = 
|chapter       = In the Wake of Narcissus
|actNum        = I
|act           = Search in the Algae Sea
|characters    = Ann; Caterpillar; Paimon; Seymour; Traveler
|startLocation = [[East Slopes of Mont Automnequi]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Morte Region
|subarea       = East Slopes of Mont Automnequi
|poi           = Orthant of Souls
|concurrent    = Meteoric Lance
|concurrent2   = Muse's Mother
|next          = Thalia and Melpomene
|parent        = Search in the Algae Sea (Quest)
|rewards       = 
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Cupid's Lover''''' is a [[World Quest]] in {{Quest|Search in the Algae Sea|showType=0}}.

There are two versions of this quest, depending on whether players started the {{Quest|Search in the Algae Sea (Quest)}} or not.

==Steps==
# Find the Seal
# Study the Riddle Slate
# Look for a way forward
# Solve the Orthant's puzzle
## Enter the Mysterious Ruins and descend to the lower floor.{{Enemy List|Recon Log Mek - Ousia*2}}
## The following steps can be done in any order:
### Connect the left-hand Energy Flow device:
#### Enter the [[Looking Glass]] and light the two unlit torches in the room, then exit the Looking Glass.
#### Call the Lift to the current floor and release the Energy Flow from the other device on this floor.
#### Continue past the device and pick up the {{Item|Special Key}} on the windowsill.{{Enemy List|Geological Survey Mek - Ousia*1}}
### Connect the Energy Flow device straight ahead:
#### Take the Lift down and enter the underwater area.
#### Enter the next chamber by activating the mechanism.
#### Enter the left-hand chamber by activating the mechanism, then use the Xenochromatic Jellyfish trigger the mechanism again.
#### Release the Energy Flow. This will cause the surrounding area to become dry land.{{Enemy List|Recon Log Mek - Pneuma*2}}
#### Take the Lift up and release the Energy Flow.
## Return to the upper floor and use the {{Item|Special Key}} to open the door to the last Energy Flow device.
## Go down and release the Energy Flow.
# Obtain the "Soul" piece

==Gameplay Notes==
* A 4{{star}} [[Nymph's Constancy]] can be picked up next to the Riddle Slate.

==Dialogue==
===Version 1===
This version is obtained if players have not started ''Search in the Algae Sea''.
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Riddle Slate) 
:'''Paimon:''' Someone was just here! Paimon can't believe we've run into someone with better archaeological exploration chops than us.
:'''Paimon:''' Is that... a pocket watch on the ground?
:'''Paimon:''' If this is anything like our usual adventures, we should take a look at this stone tablet.
:'''Paimon:''' "Lo, this place is the Orthant of Souls, the Shrine of Souls, the Room of Souls..."
:'''Paimon:''' "I accompany you in eternal rest"... "Born in an instant, often contradicting, always united"... "I am life's most cherished treasure"...
:{{DIcon}} Elementary, my dear friend...
:{{DIcon}} It's a riddle.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmmm... A valuable pocket watch, and one of life's treasures...
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon knows! It's gotta be Mora!
:{{DIcon}} I&mdash;I'm not sure about that...
:'''Paimon:''' You're right, the answer to a riddle wouldn't be so tacky. Then it must be... What's the word...
:'''Paimon:''' Right, "wealth"!
:{{DIcon}} Wonderful, that's one answer we can count out.
:'''Paimon:''' Come on! Why can't you just trust Paimon?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, if you're so smart, what do you think it is?
:{{DIcon}} Lovely weather we're having.
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! Don't change the subject.
:{{DIcon}} It's not important. Let's go in deeper and take a look around.
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! Just admit that you don't know either! Don't run off just because you're embarrassed. Wait up!
<section begin="SitAS - V1" />
;(Examine the mechanism)
:{{Black Screen|You carefully inspect the top of the mechanism, but you don't find anything.}}
:;(If this is the first location searched)
:::'''Paimon:''' There's nothing here?
:::'''Paimon:''' Oh no! It looks like someone already took whatever was here.
:::'''Paimon:''' But who?
:;(If this is the second location searched)
:::'''Paimon:''' There's nothing here either...
:;(If this is the third location searched)
:::'''Paimon:''' Did someone... take whatever was here, too?
<section end="SitAS - V1" />
{{Dialogue End}}

===Version 2===
This version is obtained if players started ''Search in the Algae Sea'' first.
{{Quest Description|Trace and find the Narzissenkreuz Ordo's seals.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:;(If this is the third location searched)
:::'''Caterpillar:''' This is the third seal.

:'''Seymour:''' "Lo, this place is the Orthant of Souls, the Shrine of Souls, the Room of Souls..."
:'''Seymour:''' "I accompany you in eternal rest"... "Born in an instant, often contradicting, always united"... "I am life's most cherished treasure"...
:'''Paimon:''' Phew... Nothing scary this time. Is the answer a pocket watch?
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, don't you have one too, Ann?
:{{DIcon}} Well, watches *are* expensive...
:'''Paimon:''' Then the answer must be money, as in Mora!
:'''Caterpillar:''' Passing away along with your money is life's second-greatest tragedy. Don't ask what the greatest one is.
:'''Ann:''' What is life's greatest tragedy then?
:'''Seymour:''' I am aware of this one. It is "to rest in your coffin without a single Mora to your name."
:'''Ann:''' I'm not sure I agree with those values. Aren't there many things more important than that?
:'''Caterpillar:''' Well, that's why I said "don't ask."
:'''Seymour:''' I apologize.
:'''Caterpillar:''' Anyway, based on the above reasons, I don't think the answer is a fancy timepiece, nor is it Mora.
:'''Paimon:''' What could it be, then?
:'''Seymour:''' The answer is simple &mdash; I can retrieve similar riddles with a 70% match rate.
:'''Seymour:''' This is from a centuries-old classic novel. It reads, "I was born in the fleeting moment when eyes meet. I run with my back turned to the one I pursue."
:'''Seymour:''' "Even after all flesh, bone, and entrails have been sliced away, I still lie nestled with you in the marrow that remains."
:'''Seymour:''' The answer is "love."
:'''Ann:''' I get it now. This pocket watch is just like the one I have, then &mdash; It must be filled with memories of love.
:{{DIcon}} Now, if only it would open.
:'''Ann:''' It will, one day.
:'''Ann:''' Why, well done, you silly dog! Who's the cutest mechanical dog?
:'''Seymour:''' It was my pleasure. "Cute," however, is a subjective description. I would prefer to be addressed as "the reliable, useful Prototype 4ACV07."
:'''Ann:''' And that's exactly what makes you so cute.
:'''Caterpillar:''' Are you reenacting an old conversation? I feel like I've seen this scene before.
:'''Caterpillar:''' In any case, someone's already solved this riddle. Let's get moving.
<section begin="SitAS - V2" />
;(Check the altar)
:{{Black Screen|You carefully inspect the top of the mechanism, but you don't find anything.}}
:;(If this is the first location searched)
:::'''Paimon:''' There's nothing here?
:::'''Caterpillar:''' It looks like something was here, but someone else took it.
:::'''Paimon:''' Wait, doesn't that mean that our plan's already failed?
:::'''Caterpillar:''' The birth of "reason" requires the merging of the four orthants. If we can get the rest of them, we still have a chance.
:::'''Ann:''' In that case, we'd better hurry to the next area.
:;(If this is the second location searched)
:::'''Paimon:''' There's nothing here either...
:::'''Ann:''' What exactly are we looking for, Caterpillar?
:::'''Caterpillar:''' We're looking for the materials necessary to forge the [[Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz (Search in the Algae Sea)|Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz]].
:::'''Caterpillar:''' [[Narzissenkreuz Ordo|The Ordo]] was able to reproduce the four requisite hypothetical substances here in the material world, based on the esoteric philosophies of the [[Khaenri'ah|underground kingdom]] and [[Remuria|ancient Fontaine]].
:::'''Seymour:''' I do not understand.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' These enigmatic substances are purely experiential. You could say they are even further beyond ordinary logic than elemental power.
:::'''Seymour:''' I entered all introductory to intermediate level textbooks from the [[Sumeru Akademiya|Akademiya]]'s [[Spantamad]] into my memory banks decades ago. There is nothing mysterious about elemental power.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' Is that so? Anyway, to sum up, this is born of the confluence of traditions from Fontaine and technology from the ancient underground kingdom.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' And thus, four types of substance came into being: Memory, Wish, Soul, and Persona.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' To avoid any possible ambiguity, let's call them the "Memory" piece, "Wish" piece, "Soul" piece, and "Persona" piece.
:::'''Paimon:''' Why are these used to make the Holy Blade?
:::'''Caterpillar:''' In the Narzissenkreuz Ordo's brand of mystical philosophy, the temple is a microcosm of the universe, the members are stand-ins for the gods, and the holy oil is tempered willpower.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' The Holy Blade, on the other hand, is "reason," that which cuts everything open. It can only be born out of consummate human will.
:::{{DIcon}} Quite abstruse.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' That's esotericism for you. You attach yourself to anything that looks similar enough, and when this sort of thing becomes magic, fiction becomes reality.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' Anyway, we should make our way to the next area now.
:;(If this is the third location searched)
:::'''Paimon:''' Did someone... take whatever was here, too?
:::'''Caterpillar:''' Looks that way.
:::{{DIcon}} Just who is...?
:::'''Caterpillar:''' It's [[Jakob]].
:::'''Seymour:''' We had an altercation with him inside [[Elynas]] once... Clarification: Recently, not "once."
:::'''Caterpillar:''' When I saw that unfortunate victim at the gate, I knew it was his handiwork. It seems he's still active after all.
:::'''Paimon:''' Then what does he want with the stuff he took from here?
:::'''Caterpillar:''' Simple &mdash; He too wants to reforge the Holy Blade of Narzissenkreuz. The dream of the Ordo remains unrealized.
:::'''Caterpillar:''' Anyway, we should make our way to the final area now.
<section end="SitAS - V2" />
{{Dialogue End}}

==Interactables==
{{Transclude|Orthant of Souls|Interactables|main=1}}

==Trivia==
* The quest's name, Cupid's Lover, likely refers to {{w|Psyche (mythology)|Psyche}}, the Greek goddess of the soul and consort of Eros, the Greek equivalent of Cupid.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/YVxra52f8GU
|caption1 = Cupid's Lover Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Cupid's Lover
|zhs     = 丘比特的爱人
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 丘比特的愛人
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = キューピッドの恋人
|ja_rm   = Kyuupiddo no Koibito
|ja_tl   = Cupid's Lover
|ko      = 큐피드<->의 연인
|ko_tl   = Cupid's Lover
|es      = El amor de Cupido
|es_tl   = Cupid's Love
|fr      = Amour de Cupide
|fr_tl   = Cupide's Love
|ru      = Любовь Купидона
|ru_tl   = Cupid's Love
|th      = คนรักของ Cupid
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Người Yêu Của Cupid
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Cupidos Liebhaber
|de_tl   = Cupid's Lover
|id      = Kekasih Cupid
|id_tl   = Cupid's Lover
|pt      = Amante do Cupido
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Aşk Tanrısının Sevgilisi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Amore di Cupido
|it_tl   = Cupid's Lover
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}