{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71537
|image         = Event Quest Custom Gift Envelope No. 5.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Springtime Charms
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Noelle; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Custom Gift Envelope No. 4
|next          = Custom Gift Envelope No. 6
|voiced        = yes
-->
}}
'''''Custom Gift Envelope No. 5''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Springtime Charms]] Event.

==Steps==
# Wait till 08:00 &ndash; 18:00 the next day
# Talk to [[Noelle]]
# Complete the Gift Envelope with Noelle
# Talk to Noelle

==Gameplay Notes==
* This quest is automatically started after completing [[Custom Gift Envelope No. 4]].
* To complete the Gift Envelope, the player must use 3 Motifs that match the theme.
** A maximum of 5 Motifs can be placed at once.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Someone seems interested in creating a Gift Envelope...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Noelle:''' Honorary Knight! I didn't expect to run into you here!
:{{DIcon}} Are you making gift envelopes?
:'''Noelle:''' Yes! I finally got the chance to come here on vacation, and I wanted to bring a few gifts back for the [[Knights of Favonius]].
:'''Noelle:''' I heard that, during [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]], locals like to include one of these envelopes with their gifts.
:'''Noelle:''' So, I wanted to follow their lead and make a few gift envelopes of my own. But, they're not looking too good...
:'''Noelle:''' I want my gift envelopes to be beautiful! Can you show me how, Honorary Knight?
:{{DIcon|Greeting Card}} Of course, leave it to me.
----
;(Enter the editing screen)
:'''Noelle:''' Hmm... Are there any {{Color|help|balloon}} or {{Color|help|cloud}} motifs we could use?

;(Choosing a correct Motif will result in one of these following dialogues)
:'''Noelle:''' This design does have a light and airy feel.
:'''Noelle:''' The way you've decorated it... it's perfect!

;(Attempt to submit without meeting the conditions)
:'''Noelle:''' Mmm... Do you think it'll look nicer if we added some {{Color|help|balloons}} or {{Color|help|clouds}}?

;(After three correct Motifs are used)
:'''Noelle:''' Wow, this gift envelope's beautiful! Thanks for your help, Honorary Knight!
----
;(After completing the Gift Envelope)
:'''Noelle:''' So, that's how it works... Wow, is there anything you can't do?
:'''Noelle:''' Thank you for teaching me. I'll treasure this gift envelope!
:'''Noelle:''' Be sure to stop by the next [[Windblume Festival]], okay?
:'''Noelle:''' When that day comes, I'll make you a gift envelope just as beautiful as this one.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Custom Gift Envelope No. 5
|zhs      = 如意祝柬・之五
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 如意祝柬・之五
|zht_rm   = 
|ja       = 祝灯状・其の五
|ja_rm    = Shukutoujou - Sono Go{{Assumed}}
|ko       = 나만의 축하장・다섯 번째
|es       = Mensaje de felicitación (V)
|fr       = 5e enveloppe-cadeau personnalisée
|ru       = Персональный подарочный конверт №5
|th       = การ์ดอวยพร 5
|th_rm    = 
|vi       = Thiệp Chúc Như Ý V
|de       = Maßgeschneiderte Glückwunschkarte V
|id       = Kartu Ucapan No. 5
|pt       = Envelope de Presente Personalizado Nº 5
|tr       = 5 Numaralı Özel Hediye Zarfı
|it       = Biglietto d'auguri personalizzato n. 5
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

[[pt-br:Envelope de Presente Personalizado Nº5]]
[[ru:Персональный подарочный конверт №5]]