{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71535
|image         = Event Quest Custom Gift Envelope No. 3.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Springtime Charms
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Dehya; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Custom Gift Envelope No. 2
|next          = Custom Gift Envelope No. 4
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Custom Gift Envelope No. 3''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Springtime Charms]] Event.

==Steps==
# Wait till 08:00 &ndash; 18:00 the next day
# Talk to [[Dehya]]
# Complete the Gift Envelope with Dehya
# Talk to Dehya

==Gameplay Notes==
* This quest is automatically started after completing [[Custom Gift Envelope No. 2]].
* To complete the Gift Envelope, the player must use 3 Motifs that match the theme.
** A maximum of 5 Motifs can be placed at once.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Someone seems interested in creating a Gift Envelope...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Dehya)
:'''Dehya:''' Fancy seeing you in these parts, {{Traveler}}. You must be here for [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]], too!
:{{DIcon}} Are you making a gift envelope?
:'''Dehya:''' Yeah, I'm trying make one for [[Candace]], but I'm not happy with the result so far. I was just about to start from scratch.
:{{DIcon}} Did Candace not come with you?
:'''Dehya:''' Not yet, but she'll be here.
:'''Dehya:''' She didn't agree to come with me to Liyue at first. Said she had to stay behind to protect [[Aaru Village|the village]].
:'''Dehya:''' I told her everyone deserves to let loose at the end of the year. I had to escort a caravan to Liyue, anyway, so she might as well come along.
:'''Dehya:''' I even offered for some of my guys to look after the village in the meantime.
:'''Dehya:''' But, I couldn't convince her. In the end, she only changed her mind because the people in the village pestered her to take time off.
:'''Dehya:''' Even then, she still insisted on wrapping up some work first.
:'''Dehya:''' But, the caravan waits for no one... So, I'm here on my own for now.
:'''Dehya:''' It was so hard to pick out a gift &mdash; there are just too many nice things to choose from around here!
:'''Dehya:''' I ended up getting her a necklace, but then I heard about the whole gift envelope tradition during Lantern Rite, so I decided to try making one.
:'''Dehya:''' And, well... Like I said, it hasn't been going great.
:'''Dehya:''' I'm sure you know more about this than me, {{Traveler}}. Can you give me some tips?
:{{DIcon|Greeting Card}} No problem, let me take a look...
----
;(Enter the editing screen)
:'''Dehya:''' Candace has said that {{Color|help|reds}} and {{Color|help|pinks}} suit me... If you could try and bring those two colors out, that would be fantastic!

;(Choosing a correct Motif will result in one of these following dialogues)
:'''Dehya:''' Wow, that looks amazing!
:'''Dehya:''' Now this is a stunning color...

;(Attempt to submit without meeting the conditions)
:'''Dehya:''' Uhm... Maybe it would be better in {{Color|help|red}} and {{Color|help|pink}}?

;(After three correct Motifs are used)
:'''Dehya:''' Hahaha, this gift envelope is beautiful! You know me pretty well, huh? Thanks a bunch.
----
;(After completing the Gift Envelope)
:'''Dehya:''' Ooh? Looks like you've got a real knack for crafts. This gift envelope is beautiful, thank you!
:'''Dehya:''' I guess this is like your gift to me! I don't have anything on me right now, but once I'm back in [[Sumeru]], I'll be sure to send you something in return.
:'''Dehya:''' Now, I just need to make one for Candace so I can give it to her with the necklace. I'm sure she'll love it!
:'''Dehya:''' Ah, that reminds me, I wonder if she's here yet... It's been a while...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Custom Gift Envelope No. 3
|zhs      = 如意祝柬・之三
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 如意祝柬・之三
|zht_rm   = 
|ja       = 祝灯状・其の三
|ja_rm    = Shukutoujou - Sono San{{Assumed}}
|ko       = 나만의 축하장・세 번째
|es       = Mensaje de felicitación (III)
|fr       = 3e enveloppe-cadeau personnalisée
|ru       = Персональный подарочный конверт №3
|th       = การ์ดอวยพร 3
|th_rm    = 
|vi       = Thiệp Chúc Như Ý III
|de       = Maßgeschneiderte Glückwunschkarte III
|id       = Kartu Ucapan No. 3
|pt       = Envelope de Presente Personalizado Nº 3
|tr       = 3 Numaralı Özel Hediye Zarfı
|it       = Biglietto d'auguri personalizzato n. 3
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

[[pt-br:Envelope de Presente Personalizado Nº3]]
[[ru:Персональный подарочный конверт №3]]