{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71538
|image         = Event Quest Custom Gift Envelope No. 6.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Springtime Charms
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Chevreuse; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Custom Gift Envelope No. 5
|next          = Custom Gift Envelope No. 7
|rewards       = Delicious Rice Buns*1
|voiced        = yes
-->
}}
'''''Custom Gift Envelope No. 6''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Springtime Charms]] Event.

==Steps==
# Wait till 08:00 &ndash; 18:00 the next day
# Talk to [[Chevreuse]]
# Complete the Gift Envelope with Chevreuse
# Talk to Chevreuse

==Gameplay Notes==
* This quest is automatically started after completing [[Custom Gift Envelope No. 5]].
* To complete the Gift Envelope, the player must use 3 Motifs that match the theme.
** A maximum of 5 Motifs can be placed at once.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Someone seems interested in creating a Gift Envelope...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Chevreuse)
:'''Chevreuse:''' Hello, {{Traveler}}. Happy [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]].
:{{DIcon}} Are you... here for a case?
:{{DIcon}} You... don't look like you're here for work?
:'''Chevreuse:''' I'm being forced to take a vacation.
:{{DIcon}} Forced... to take a vacation?
:'''Chevreuse:''' The [[Maison Gardiennage]] stipulates that all employees are required to use our vacation time by the end of the year.
:'''Chevreuse:''' The end-of-year calculations came through, and the Patrol found out I hadn't taken a single day off, so...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a demanding job...
:{{DIcon}} Is it like that for everyone?
:'''Chevreuse:''' No. Our officers operate on a rotating schedule, but as the captain of the squad, I'm always on duty.
:'''Chevreuse:''' I also deal with a lot of emergency cases, so over time, I just... forgot to take vacation.
:'''Chevreuse:''' I was fine going without any time off this year, but my officers wouldn't hear of it...
:'''Chevreuse:''' They started shouting about how "rules are meant to be followed" and "a captain needs to lead by example." Basically, they wouldn't take no for an answer.
:'''Chevreuse:''' One of the [[Maison Gestion|Gestionnaires]] who works with us mentioned how Liyue is a top vacation destination during the Lantern Rite festival. He pulled out a boat ticket right then and there, so... Here I am.
:'''Chevreuse:''' And I have to hand it to him &mdash; Liyue is a sight to behold this time of year. I just came back from [[Qiaoying Village]], actually. I really loved the dim sum made with tea.
:'''Chevreuse:''' I bought some to share with the Special Patrol. I was planning to follow local customs and make a few gift envelopes, as well.
:'''Chevreuse:''' It's just... I'm not very good at this kind of thing. No matter what I do, it always ends up looking weird.
:'''Chevreuse:''' Do you know how to make them, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon|Greeting Card}} I've got some suggestions...
----
;(Enter the editing screen)
:'''Chevreuse:''' I think it best if we went for a {{Color|help|blue}} pattern.

;(Choosing a correct Motif will result in one of these following dialogues)
:'''Chevreuse:''' Looking good.
:'''Chevreuse:''' That color looks great.

;(Attempt to submit without meeting the conditions)
:'''Chevreuse:''' ...If you tweaked it very slightly by adding some {{Color|help|blue}} patterns, it might look even better.

;(After three correct Motifs are used)
:'''Chevreuse:''' Neatly arranged and beautiful. Yes, this gift envelope will do.
----
;(After completing the Gift Envelope)
: '''Chevreuse:''' Wow, this turned out great! Hmm... you deserve something in return.
: '''Chevreuse:''' Here, take some of this dim sum as thanks for your help. Receiving this envelope from you really makes this trip worthwhile.
: '''Chevreuse:''' ...Still, I've been away for some time, now. I wonder if my officers are keeping up with their training.
: '''Chevreuse:''' Well, I guess it's time to start planning a fitness test.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Delicious Rice Buns|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Custom Gift Envelope No. 6
|zhs      = 如意祝柬・之六
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 如意祝柬・之六
|zht_rm   = 
|ja       = 祝灯状・其の六
|ja_rm    = Shukutoujou - Sono Roku{{Assumed}}
|ko       = 나만의 축하장・여섯 번째
|es       = Mensaje de felicitación (VI)
|fr       = 6e enveloppe-cadeau personnalisée
|ru       = Персональный подарочный конверт №6
|th       = การ์ดอวยพร 6
|th_rm    = 
|vi       = Thiệp Chúc Như Ý VI
|de       = Maßgeschneiderte Glückwunschkarte VI
|id       = Kartu Ucapan No. 6
|pt       = Envelope de Presente Personalizado Nº 6
|tr       = 6 Numaralı Özel Hediye Zarfı
|it       = Biglietto d'auguri personalizzato n. 6
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

[[pt-br:Envelope de Presente Personalizado Nº6]]
[[ru:Персональный подарочный конверт №6]]