{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71534
|image         = Event Quest Custom Gift Envelope No. 2.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Springtime Charms
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Kujou Sara; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Custom Gift Envelope No. 1
|next          = Custom Gift Envelope No. 3
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Custom Gift Envelope No. 2''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Springtime Charms]] Event.

==Steps==
# Wait till 08:00 &ndash; 18:00 the next day
# Talk to [[Kujou Sara]]
# Complete the Gift Envelope with Kujou Sara
# Talk to Kujou Sara

==Gameplay Notes==
* This quest is automatically started after completing [[Custom Gift Envelope No. 1]].
* To complete the Gift Envelope, the player must use 3 Motifs that match the theme.
** A maximum of 5 Motifs can be placed at once.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Someone seems interested in creating a Gift Envelope...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Kujou Sara)
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Hmm, I should probably take a look at the other envelopes first...
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Oh, {{Traveler}}! It's been a while... Why do you look so surprised?
:{{DIcon}} I just didn't expect...
:'''Kujou Sara:''' To see a warrior like me enjoying [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]]?
:{{DIcon}} I don't think I've ever seen you relax...
:'''Kujou Sara:''' The [[Tenryou Commission]] bears a great responsibility to the people. As a member, I cannot afford to relax most of the time.
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Perhaps people think of me as single-minded warrior, completely out of place in a festive and refined neighborhood like [[Hanamizaka]].
:'''Kujou Sara:''' But, letting down my guard means allowing crime to slip through... That is not only a detriment to my duty but to the atmosphere of Hanamizaka as a whole.
:'''Kujou Sara:''' The most I can do is take advantage of any spare moment that comes my way.
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Ah, apologies. I shouldn't talk about such serious matters during the holidays.
:'''Kujou Sara:''' I'm trying to make a gift envelope, but it's not quite coming together. Perhaps you could give me some advice?
:{{DIcon|Greeting Card}} Sure, let me think about it for a second...
----
;(Enter the editing screen)
:'''Kujou Sara:''' {{Color|help|Flowers}} would make a lovely theme, I suspect.

;(Choosing a correct Motif will result in one of these following dialogues)
:'''Kujou Sara:''' Very fitting.
:'''Kujou Sara:''' I quite like that motif.

;(Attempt to submit without meeting the conditions)
:'''Kujou Sara:''' ...Maybe it would look better with some {{Color|help|flowers}}?

;(After three correct Motifs are used)
:'''Kujou Sara:''' A lovely gift envelope indeed. Thank you for your assistance.
----
;(After completing the Gift Envelope)
:'''Kujou Sara:''' I see. This method produced a great result.
:'''Kujou Sara:''' I appreciate the help. This souvenir really makes this trip worthwhile.
:'''Kujou Sara:''' You have my thanks, {{Traveler}}. The next time you visit [[Inazuma]], I will treat you to a round of tea.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Custom Gift Envelope No. 2
|zhs      = 如意祝柬・之二
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 如意祝柬・之二
|zht_rm   = 
|ja       = 祝灯状・其の二
|ja_rm    = Shukutoujou - Sono Ni{{Assumed}}
|ko       = 나만의 축하장・두 번째
|es       = Mensaje de felicitación (II)
|fr       = 2e enveloppe-cadeau personnalisée
|ru       = Персональный подарочный конверт №2
|th       = การ์ดอวยพร 2
|th_rm    = 
|vi       = Thiệp Chúc Như Ý II
|de       = Maßgeschneiderte Glückwunschkarte II
|id       = Kartu Ucapan No. 2
|pt       = Envelope de Presente Personalizado Nº 2
|tr       = 2 Numaralı Özel Hediye Zarfı
|it       = Biglietto d'auguri personalizzato n. 2
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

[[pt-br:Envelope de Presente Personalizado Nº2]]
[[ru:Персональный подарочный конверт №2]]