{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71536
|image         = Event Quest Custom Gift Envelope No. 4.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Springtime Charms
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Candace; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Custom Gift Envelope No. 3
|next          = Custom Gift Envelope No. 5
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Custom Gift Envelope No. 4''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Springtime Charms]] Event.

==Steps==
# Wait till 08:00 &ndash; 18:00 the next day
# Talk to [[Candace]]
# Complete the Gift Envelope with Candace
# Talk to Candace

==Gameplay Notes==
* This quest is automatically started after completing [[Custom Gift Envelope No. 3]].
* To complete the Gift Envelope, the player must use 3 Motifs that match the theme.
** A maximum of 5 Motifs can be placed at once.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Someone seems interested in creating a Gift Envelope...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Candace)
:'''Candace:''' Happy [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]], {{Traveler}}. I heard about how you helped [[Dehya]] with the gift envelope. It was beautiful, thank you.
:{{DIcon}} Everything is settled back at [[Aaru Village|the village]], I'm guessing?
:'''Candace:''' Yes, it's all thanks to Dehya and the others. I can rest a little easier knowing the village is still protected while I'm gone.
:{{DIcon}} Take this time to get some good rest.
:'''Candace:''' I will. Dehya wants to visit [[Qiaoying Village]] in a few days.
:'''Candace:''' She said the scenery is beautiful, and the village is known for their tea. It's a perfect gift for the people back home.
:'''Candace:''' I was planning to follow the tradition here and make a few gift envelopes for them.
:'''Candace:''' But, Dehya packed our schedule to the brim, and with all the running around, I'm not sure I'll have the time...
:'''Candace:''' Dehya told me you're good at making gift envelopes. Could you show me how to make one?
:{{DIcon|Greeting Card}} Of course, just leave it to me.
----
;(Enter the editing screen)
:'''Candace:''' It would look great if we could add some {{Color|help|green}} into the picture.

;(Choosing a correct Motif will result in one of these following dialogues)
:'''Candace:''' Mm-hmm, looks great.
:'''Candace:''' Thank you. I really like this design.

;(Attempt to submit without meeting the conditions)
:'''Candace:''' It might look better with some {{Color|help|green}} in it?

;(After three correct Motifs are used)
:'''Candace:''' Truly a unique gift envelope... You have my thanks.
----
;(After completing the Gift Envelope)
:'''Candace:''' So, that's how it's done... This gift envelope is wonderful, {{Traveler}}, thank you.
:'''Candace:''' Now, I just need to make a few more to give alongside the souvenirs I bought. I'm sure the people back home will love them.
:'''Candace:''' But, this one... I'm keeping just for me.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Custom Gift Envelope No. 4
|zhs      = 如意祝柬・之四
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 如意祝柬・之四
|zht_rm   = 
|ja       = 祝灯状・其の四
|ja_rm    = Shukutoujou - Sono Yon{{Assumed}}
|ko       = 나만의 축하장・네 번째
|es       = Mensaje de felicitación (IV)
|fr       = 4e enveloppe-cadeau personnalisée
|ru       = Персональный подарочный конверт №4
|th       = การ์ดอวยพร 4
|th_rm    = 
|vi       = Thiệp Chúc Như Ý IV
|de       = Maßgeschneiderte Glückwunschkarte IV
|id       = Kartu Ucapan No. 4
|pt       = Envelope de Presente Personalizado Nº 4
|tr       = 4 Numaralı Özel Hediye Zarfı
|it       = Biglietto d'auguri personalizzato n. 4
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

[[pt-br:Envelope de Presente Personalizado Nº4]]
[[ru:Персональный подарочный конверт №4]]