{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71539
|image         = Event Quest Custom Gift Envelope No. 7.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Springtime Charms
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Custom Gift Envelope No. 6
|rewards       = A "Gift Envelope" From Paimon*1
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Custom Gift Envelope No. 7''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Springtime Charms]] Event.

==Steps==
# Wait till 08:00 &ndash; 18:00 the next day
# View "Gift Envelope"
# Complete the Gift Envelope with [[Paimon]]
# Talk to Paimon

==Gameplay Notes==
* This quest is automatically started after completing [[Custom Gift Envelope No. 6]].
* To complete the Gift Envelope, the player must use 3 Motifs that match the theme.
** A maximum of 5 Motifs can be placed at once.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Someone seems interested in creating a Gift Envelope...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with the table)
:{{A|vo hdjhk007 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's make gift envelopes together. {{Traveler}}!
:{{DIcon}} You even put up a commission...
:{{DIcon}} You're really serious about this...
:{{A|vo hdjhk007 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course! We only get to celebrate Lantern Rite once a year. We can't miss out on the festivities!
:{{A|vo hdjhk007 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' C'mon, c'mon! Paimon's got all kinds of design ideas. You're gonna love it!
:{{DIcon}} I love anything you make, Paimon.
:{{A|vo hdjhk007 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, right back at you, {{Traveler}}!
:{{A|vo hdjhk007 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, enough talk! Let's get crafting!
----
;(Enter the editing screen)
:'''Paimon:''' Wouldn't it look great if we could incorporate {{Color|help|stars}} into the design?

;(Choosing a correct Motif will result in one of these following dialogues)
:'''Paimon:''' It's gorgeous!
:'''Paimon:''' So many stars! Hehe, it's beautiful.

;(Attempt to submit without meeting the conditions)
:'''Paimon:''' C'mon, where are all the {{Color|help|stars}}? The starrier, the better! Quick, let's stick some more on!

;(After three correct Motifs are used)
:'''Paimon:''' It looks amazing! Hehe, you sure know Paimon well... We really are best buddies!
----
;(After completing the Gift Envelope)
:{{A|vo hdjhk007 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... It's beautiful! Hehe, you know exactly what Paimon likes!
:{{DIcon}} What about the one you made?
:{{A|vo hdjhk007 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here you go! Paimon worked SUPER hard! It's gotta be the prettiest envelope in the whole festival!
:;(Obtain {{Item|A "Gift Envelope" From Paimon|x=1}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Custom Gift Envelope No. 7
|zhs      = 如意祝柬・之七
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 如意祝柬・之七
|zht_rm   = 
|ja       = 祝灯状・其の七
|ja_rm    = Shukutoujou - Sono Nana{{Assumed}}
|ko       = 나만의 축하장・일곱 번째
|es       = Mensaje de felicitación (VII)
|fr       = 7e enveloppe-cadeau personnalisée
|ru       = Персональный подарочный конверт №7
|th       = การ์ดอวยพร 7
|th_rm    = 
|vi       = Thiệp Chúc Như Ý VII
|de       = Maßgeschneiderte Glückwunschkarte VII
|id       = Kartu Ucapan No. 7
|pt       = Envelope de Presente Personalizado Nº 7
|tr       = 7 Numaralı Özel Hediye Zarfı
|it       = Biglietto d'auguri personalizzato n. 7
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

[[pt-br:Envelope de Presente Personalizado Nº7]]
[[ru:Персональный подарочный конверт №7]]