{{Item Infobox
|id           = 120156
|image        = Item Cyno's Missive.png
|type         = Quest Items
|group        = Event Items
|description  = A letter that Cyno sent to you through Sido. It seems to have things to say about the ongoing affairs...
|source1      = ''[[The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Crisis!]]''
|event        = Fabulous Fungus Frenzy
}}
'''Cyno's Missive''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during the Event Quest ''[[The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Crisis!]]''.

==Text==
Overview:<br />
Prior to the General Mahamatra's return to his post, the matra were starting to suspect that Kautilya was up to something. Kautliya had Elchingen partner up with him, keeping the most important evidence hidden. If it weren't for the Traveler and Paimon's help in providing crucial evidence, the matra might've spent a longer time investigating the duo's actions.<br />
The Wisdom Orb and Floral Jelly were indeed derived from the "Capturing Device" and "Withering Potion." The latter two share similarities to the Omni-Ubiquity Net from Inazuma, which originates from Liyue's Adeptus Arts. Therefore, one could say the two technologies are based on solid references. However, the "Capturing Device" and "Withering Potion" aren't thoroughly validated due to insufficient development time. They're experimental items created by Amurta researchers for controlling dangerous creatures. These items once resulted in a horrific accident, and therefore should no doubt be locked away forever.<br />
Kautilya made use of his status and Elchingen's funds to bribe relevant personnel. He obtained samples and documentation, then hired a few talented students to work on enhancing the two products. By making them safer and more reliable, Kautilya would then use this tournament as a cover for his true intentions &mdash; causing damage in Sumeru.<br />
The matra rounded up another group of Amurta scholars to develop a countermeasure that targeted Kautilya's backdoor command. They planted it into specific Wisdom Orbs and handed them out to the matra on shift at the arena. If anything happens, the countermeasure would be put to use.
Fortunately, everything went smoothly with the tournament. No one was hurt, and there were no property losses. The tournament even brought financial gain to Port Ormos.<br />
As of now, all involved personnel within the Akademiya have been detained. They shall face just judgment. Sido, leader of this operation, has confirmed all locations of interest. Criminals at large are highly likely to show up around these areas. The Corps of Thirty can acquire them with no more than a limited number of people.<br />
As for Elchingen, the results of the initial investigation reveals that 60 percent of his sponsor funds came from illegal sources. The rest were his business earnings in Sumeru. Because this Fatui informant is quite a complicated case, the Akademiya will arrange for specialized personnel to deal with this matter.<br />
...<br /><br />
Traveler and Paimon:<br />
I have included Sido's report at the front of this letter. Take a look if you're interested &mdash; it may help you understand the situation better.<br />
The enthusiastic participants and audience do not deserve to be deceived like this. I will be using Elchingen's business earnings as prize money for the participants and compensation for other relevant people. If the funds are not enough, the extra amount will be included in Kautliya's fine.<br />
The Beast Tamers Tournament has a positive influence and might become as well-known as Genius Invokation TCG, so it doesn't need to discontinue just because of two schemers. In the eyes of the general public, you two have taken over as the hosts of this event. Please don't worry too much &mdash; I trust that you'll arrange for things accordingly.<br />
Lastly, please say hello to Guuji Yae on my behalf. If the chance arises, I would like to spar with her in a duel. I hope she'll not be very against some powerful decks with certain styles.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Cyno's Missive
|zhs     = 赛诺的来信
|zhs_rm  = Sàinuò de Láixìn
|zht     = 賽諾的來信
|zht_rm  = Sàinuò de Láixìn
|ja      = セノの手紙
|ja_rm   = Seno no Tegami
|ko      = 사이노가 보내온 편지
|ko_rm   = Sainoga Bonaeon Pyeonji
|es      = Carta de Cyno
|fr      = Lettre de Cyno
|ru      = Письмо Сайно
|th      = จดหมายจาก Cyno
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Thư Của Cyno
|de      = Cynos Brief
|id      = Surat Resmi Cyno
|pt      = Carta de Cyno
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

[[es:Carta de Cyno]]
[[pt-br:Carta de Cyno]]