{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Cyno
|id             = 368156
|image          = Character Cyno Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Cyno''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Genius Invokation TCG...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Justice...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Rules...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Unfunny jokes...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Weighing...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Take some rest...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} You're back...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo cyno mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Ah, you're back.
:{{A|vo cyno mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Be sure to get ample rest before your next adventure.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' At first, I couldn't get used to how quiet it is here.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' There's no howling desert wind or sound of bugs skittering in the rainforest.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' When you're trying to get to sleep, it's so quiet and peaceful that you almost start wondering whether it's even real... which makes it hard to relax.
::{{DIcon}} Are you more used to it now?
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Yes. I just tell myself that I'm on a vacation and that I shouldn't worry about what's going on anywhere else.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Though, of course, before bed every night I still reflect on my previous battles and review what I've learned.
::{{DIcon}} Have you managed to get any rest?
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Don't worry, I feel much more relaxed now than I was at the [[Akademiya]].
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' The point of rest is to relieve the stress and fatigue you've built up, it doesn't mean completely changing who you are.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I really like it here. It's a place where I can finally enjoy a moment of peace. I'll use this time to revitalize myself and prepare for the next time I need to administer judgment.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Want to have a chat?
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Sure, I'll even tell you a couple of jokes.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Why did the [[Sumpter Beast]] cross the road while burdened with heavy goods? To get to Sumeru's "Most Sumptuous Sumpter Beast" bodybuilding competition.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Well, what do you think?
::{{DIcon}} Huh?
::{{DIcon}} Is that all?
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Here's another one. Which creature has the worst personal hygiene in all of Teyvat? [[Cryo Slime]]s. Why? Because they always bounce on top of the water, and never go in for a bath.
::{{DIcon}} ???
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' You don't find that funny at all?
::{{DIcon}} Uhh... it's very forced...
::{{DIcon}} Maybe a little...
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Okay. Well, never mind...
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It's really hard for me to tell what jokes someone might find funny.
::{{DIcon}} Why are you so eager to tell jokes?
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It's because I always have this ultra-serious look on my face, and it stresses out the other [[matra]].
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' One time, it hit me that I should try telling a couple of jokes. So I gave it my best shot, and the room fell completely silent, with everyone just staring at me. But then, after a few moments, someone started laughing and said "you call that a joke!?"
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Then everyone else started laughing. Even though they were all saying that my jokes weren't funny, I could tell that I had lightened the mood.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' So I thought, even if the jokes aren't funny, at least telling them can still help the others around me feel more at ease.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Besides... if I tell lots of jokes, not ALL of them can be bad, surely.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I just need to stick to it, and I know that one of them will land... someday.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Now that I think about it, it's been all of five days since I last played a game of [[Genius Invokation TCG]].
::{{DIcon}} Does that feel like a long time to you?
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' No, not really. The longest I've ever gone without playing was 20 days.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I was on a dangerous mission and didn't have any time to sit down and play.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' By the time I got back, I realized that my deck was already out of the meta, and I kept losing game after game. Eventually, I made some adjustments and finally started turning things around.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' You have to keep playing if you want to maintain a good win rate. Otherwise, you'll be caught off guard by new and upcoming strategies.
::{{DIcon}} You really like Genius Invokation TCG, don't you?
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Yes. Is that strange? You have a funny look on your face.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' The first time I played, I just saw it as a game to pass the time.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' As a matra, your heart is like a bowstring... It cannot become too slack, but it cannot be too taut, either. Otherwise, it could snap without warning at any time.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' So once I started playing Genius Invokation TCG, I wanted to use it as a way to take my mind off other things. You know, as a way to help me relax.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...But now, it is much more than just a game to me.
::{{DIcon}} What changed?
::{{DIcon}} I think I understand what you mean.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' In my previous work, I punished many criminals who had broken the rules and had to listen to their constant complaining.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' In most cases, I couldn't understand them, and they couldn't seem to understand me, either.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' And it's not just criminals. Even with your friends, there are bound to be some topics where you are unable to understand one another.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' But Genius Invokation is different. I can always clearly discern what my opponent is thinking.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Their hunger for victory, their confidence in the deck, their passion for the game... Many can hide their strategy, but few can conceal these emotions.
::{{DIcon}} I can relate to those feelings, too.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 16.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Really? Are you up for a game then?
::{{DIcon}} Are you kidding? I thought you'd never ask!
::{{DIcon}} Please go easy on me...
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 17.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I never go easy on anyone. Just play your best.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo friendship3 18.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I'll help walk you through the game once we're finished.

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Cyno.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Good morning, you look like you're ready and raring to go.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Any plans today? If there's anything you need help with, just let me know.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Cyno.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Sleep well. Everything else can wait until tomorrow.
::{{A|vo cyno mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Just calm your mind and breathe steadily, you'll fall right asleep. I'll be sure to wake you up in the morning. Goodnight.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Deep in the Quiet Forest===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm cyno forestvillage 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Resting here brings back a lot of memories.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm cyno forestvillage 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I travel a lot for work. Sometimes, I have to camp or lodge in a village.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm cyno forestvillage 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It was an unfamiliar experience at first, but I got used to it. ...Looking back now, I can hardly believe how long I've been with the matra.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Of Settled Thoughts===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm cyno library 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Good. Each book is neatly in its place.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm cyno library 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' The spines are facing out, books with a similar theme are grouped together, and there's not a single banned volume to be seen.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm cyno library 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Wait, are some of them crooked? I must correct this at once...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Cyno (acompañante)]]
[[ru:Сайно/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Cyno/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Cyno/Bạn Đồng Hành]]