{{Meta
<!-- REMOVE THIS TEMPLATE AFTER ADDING MISSING INFO -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{About|the quest-exclusive NPC|the regular NPC|Ookubo Daisuke}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Daisuke.png
|realname         = 
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
|voiceEN          = [https://kriscomics.com/ Kristen McGuire]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/kriscomics/status/1470810704169086979 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKO          = 
}}
{{Lang|'''Daisuke'''|ja=大輔|ja_rm=Daisuke}} is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in {{Quest|Rise Up, Golden Soul}}.

==Profile==
<!--detailed story/lore information goes here-->
Daisuke and his parents, [[Misuzu]] and [[Sugimoto]], live in [[Inazuma City]].<ref name="justice">{{Ref/Quest|The Oni's Justice}}<!--"when we finally get back to the city"--></ref> Their house was attacked by [[Nogata]] and his gang of vagrants (including the Blue Oni [[Takuya]]). Daisuke's parents were kidnapped, but Daisuke had been playing outside the house and was initially not noticed. When Daisuke returned, [[Arataki Itto]] managed to save him by chasing off the vagrants. Itto took Daisuke with him to [[Yashiori Island]] to protect him from the vagrants, taking responsibility for the crimes onto himself.<ref name="justice" />

When the [[Traveler]] went to Yashiori Island on commission to capture Itto, they instead helped Itto find an [[Onikabuto]] for a play beetle fight; [[Paimon]] also found a beetle of her own. Daisuke soundly defeated Itto (to Itto's great shock), but Paimon won against him afterwards. Paimon offered her beetle to him afterwards, and Itto encouraged him to take it and stay with [[Granny Oni]], not wanting Daisuke to know that the Traveler was sent to capture Itto. However, Daisuke had already figured it out as he seen all the members of the [[Arataki Gang]] and knew they were not part of it, and he begged for them to leave Itto alone.

The Traveler and Itto later defeat the vagrants and rescue their captives, allowing Misuzu and Sugimoto to reunite with Daisuke, though Itto is arrested by [[Ishizaki]] for attacking [[Tenryou Commission]] officers. When Daisuke hears about this, he is happy that "Uncle Itto" was proven innocent of the kidnappings and expresses hope to play with him again in the future. Daisuke and his parents leave afterwards.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Daisuke
|zhs     = 大辅
|zhs_rm  = Dàfǔ
|zht     = 大輔
|zht_rm  = Dàfǔ
|ja      = 大輔
|ja_rm   = Daisuke
|ko      = //다이스케//
|es      = Daisuke
|fr      = Daisuke
|ru      = Дайсукэ
|th      = Daisuke
|vi      = Daisuke
|de      = Daisuke
|id      = Daisuke
|pt      = Daisuke
|tr      = Daisuke
|it      = Daisuke
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Daisuke]]
[[pt-br:Daisuke]]