{{EventTabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Dance of Gratitude
|image             = Dance of Gratitude.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-10-08 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-10-13 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/24527
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20221008nilou/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|The web event for Genshin Impact's new character: Nilou is now available. Take part in the event to obtain Primogems!<br />Everyone loves Nilou's performances, and she would like to present the most beautiful dance to everyone.}}
'''Dance of Gratitude''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.1]].

==Event Duration==
* October 8, 2022 12:00 – October 13, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
* [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Details==
# During the event period, successfully match the messages to the gifts to claim in-game rewards such as Primogems and Character Ascension Materials.
{{Card|Primogem|40}}{{Card|Varunada Lazurite Fragment|3}}{{Card|Mora|20,000}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}
# Click on the messages on the bulletin board to read them. Find the corresponding gift according to the content of the gift mentioned in the message, and drag the message above the gift to match them.
# After successfully matching all the messages and gifts, share the event to get the event wallpaper.

==Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please claim it in time.
# The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dance of Gratitude
|zhs     = 回应心意之舞
|zhs_rm  = Huíyìng Xīnyì zhī Wǔ
|zht     = 回應心意之舞
|zht_rm  = Huíyìng Xīnyì zhī Wǔ
|zh_tl   = A Dance in Response to Affection
|ja      = 想いに応えるダンス
|ja_rm   = Omoi ni Kotaeru Dansu
|ja_tl   = A Dance in Response to Affection
|ko      = 감사의 춤
|ko_rm   = Gamsa-ui Chum
|ko_tl   = Dance of Gratitude
|es      = Baile de la gratitud
|es_tl   = Dance of Gratitude
|fr      = Danse de la gratitude
|fr_tl   = Dance of Gratitude
|ru      = Танец благодарности
|ru_tl   = Dance of Thankfulness
|th      = ร่ายรำแทนคำขอบคุณ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vũ Điệu Tri Ân
|vi_tl   = Dance of Gratitude
|de      = Tanz der Dankbarkeit
|de_tl   = Dance of Gratitude
|id      = Tarian Terima Kasih
|id_tl   = A Dance of Thanks
|pt      = A Danca da Gratidão
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[es:Baile de la gratitud]]
[[fr:Danse de la gratitude]]
[[pt-br:A Dança da Gratidão]]
[[ru:Танец благодарности]]