{{CustomTabs
|rootpage = Dancing Beasts and Soaring Kites
|tab1 = Event
|tab2 = Story
|tab3 = Gallery
|tab4 = Emoji
}}
{{Event
|name              = Dancing Beasts and Soaring Kites
|image             = Dancing Beasts and Soaring Kites.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-02-08 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-02-17 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/122427
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240208lantern-vc7vnh/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Gaming; Paimon; Traveler; Xianyun; Lyney; Lynette; Freminet; Moon Carver; Mountain Shaper; Madame Ping
}}
{{Description|Dancing Beasts to Wave in the New, and Soaring Kites for Blessings Too!<br>The Lantern Rite is here, bringing happiness, prosperity, and good fortune~}}
'''Dancing Beasts and Soaring Kites''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.4]].

==Event Duration==
* February 8, 2024 – February 17, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Rewards cannot be claimed after the event ends. Please claim them in time.

==Eligibility==
* Travelers who have reached Adventure Rank 10 or above can participate in this event.

==Event Description==
* During the event, you can log in to Genshin Impact daily, claim Commission Rewards, consume Original Resin, and complete other missions to obtain the event item: Pale Yellow Silk Paper.
* Pale Yellow Silk Paper can be used to unlock the various sections of the event and to search for the correct options. Once you choose the correct option, you'll be able to obtain Primogems and other in-game rewards.

==Event Details==
# You can obtain the event item: Pale Yellow Silk Paper through the following methods: Complete missions such as logging into Genshin Impact every day, claiming Commission Rewards 2 times daily, and using a total of 40 Original Resin daily to obtain the corresponding amount of Pale Yellow Silk Paper.
# Daily missions refresh at 04:00 (Server Time) each day. Unclaimed Pale Yellow Silk Paper will also be cleared by then. Please claim and use it in time. Claimed Pale Yellow Silk Paper will not be cleared.
# A certain amount of Pale Yellow Silk Paper can be used to unlock different sections. There are a total of 5 sections in the event, which are located on different stages. You can click the Suanni and Crane buttons on the home page to switch between different stages and enter the corresponding sections.
# After unlocking a section, you can play it multiple times until you've selected the correct option to obtain in-game rewards.
# In each section, there are a total of three options to choose from. After you've chosen an option, you can flip it over to see the companion or item hidden behind.
# Once you've flipped over the correct option, you'll have completed the challenge and will be able to obtain in-game rewards. If you flip over the wrong one, the companion or item behind will stay on the stage. You can continue flipping over the remaining options until you've selected the correct one in order to obtain in-game rewards.
# If you leave halfway through, your progress will not be saved but your Pale Yellow Silk Paper will not be consumed either. You can try again multiple times.
* If Travelers try to visit the event at around 04:00 (Server Time), which is when the daily missions refresh, they may encounter a brief network error. Please refresh the page if you encounter this error.

===Daily Missions===
{|class="article-table tdc2"
!Mission
!Pale Yellow Silk Paper
|-
|Log in to Genshin Impact daily
|30
|-
|Claim Commission Rewards 2 times daily
|10
|-
|Use 40 Original Resin daily
|10
|-
|Log in to the web event daily
|30
|-
|Share the web event once a day
|10
|-
|Visit the official Genshin Impact X (Twitter) account
|10
|-
|Join the Genshin Impact Discord server
|10
|-
|Use the Teyvat Interactive Map to explore Chenyu Vale
|10
|-
|Head over to Genshin Impact Check-In to claim in-game rewards
|10
|}

==Event Rewards==
* After you've unlocked all of the sections and completed the challenges, you'll be able to obtain Primogems ×120, Mystic Enhancement Ore ×10, Hero's Wit ×10, and Mora ×70,000. Also, after completing three sections and their challenges, you'll obtain a special reward: the blueprint for the Serenitea Pot Furnishing "[[Valley Store: The Leisure of Tea]]."
* The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
* This web event is provided purely for entertainment. It is not indicative of any related gameplay features in Genshin Impact.
{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*120;Mystic Enhancement Ore*10;Hero's Wit*10;Mora*70,000;Blueprint: Valley Store: The Leisure of Tea}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Dancing Beasts and Soaring Kites
|zhs      = 狮舞鸢飞
|zhs_rm   = Shī Wǔ Yuān Fēi
|zht      = 獅舞鳶飛
|zht_rm   = Shī Wǔ Yuān Fēi
|zh_tl    = Lions Dancing and Kites Soaring
|ja       = 踊る獅子と舞う紙鳶
|ja_rm    = Odoru Shishi to Mau Tako
|ja_tl    = Dancing Lions and Soaring Kites
|ko       = 춤추는 사자와 날아오른 연
|ko_tl    = The Dancing Lion and a Flying Kite
|es       = Bestias danzantes y cometas voladoras
|es_tl    = Dancing Beasts and Flying Kites
|fr       = Bêtes dansantes et cerfs-volants
|fr_tl    = Dancing Beasts and Kites
|ru       = Танцующие звери и пёстрые воздушные змеи
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ว่าวลอยลม สิงห์เริงระบำ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Vũ Điệu Của Diều Và Thú
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Tanzender Fabellöwe und prächtige Drachen
|de_tl    = Dancing Mythical Lion and Splendid Kites
|id       = Singa Menari, Layangan Melangit
|id_tl    = The Lion Dances, the Kites Soars
|pt       = Dança do Leão e Pipas ao Vento
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Dans Eden Canavarlar ve Süzülen Uçurtmalar
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Bestie danzanti e aquiloni in volo
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

[[fr:Bêtes dansantes et cerfs-volants]]
[[ja:踊る獅子と舞う紙鳶]]
[[pt-br:Dança do Leão e Pipas ao Vento]]
[[ru:Танцующие звери и пёстрые воздушные змеи]]