{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest Dandelion Rose and Windwheel Aster.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|event_name    = Of Drink A-Dreaming
|summary       = Lisa takes Jean along with her to visit Angel's Share and relax a little bit as they are served drinks by the Traveler.
|requirement   = Complete [[When They Take Off Their Armor]] and [[Fine Wine From Yesterday]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = 
|primogems     = 60
|mora          = 40,000
|other         = 
|characters    = Jean; Lisa; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Dandelion, Rose, and Windwheel Aster''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Drink A-Dreaming]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Luka]] and enter the tavern
# Head to the counter and get ready to open for business
# Talk to [[Lisa]] and [[Jean]]
# Mix Lisa the specified drink
#* "I'd like to have a Love Poem. Medium, extra sweet."
# Mix Jean the specified drink
#* "Coffee, and make it medium, please."
# Give the drinks to Jean and Lisa

==Notes==
* "I'd like to have a Love Poem. Medium, extra sweet."
** {{Ingredient|Tea|1}}{{Ingredient|Milk|1<!--exactly-->}}{{Ingredient|Caramel|2+}} in a Medium Cup
* "Coffee, and make it medium, please."
** Any [[Of Drink A-Dreaming#Coffee Recipes|Coffee Recipe]]<!--base recipe--> in a Medium Cup

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"What on earth happened that Acting Grand Master Jean is going to the tavern?"<br />"Calm down, it's the Acting Grand Master we're talking about. Besides, she wouldn't be there if something bad were really going on."}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Another familiar face has arrived at the tavern.'''

;(Talk to Jean or Lisa)
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hi there, cutie. It's good to see you.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' It is certainly unusual for us to meet in a place like this, but as Lisa said, I'm glad to see you.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hey, what do you mean by "a place like this"? The tavern is a wonderful place to relax and unwind a little.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' *sigh* Do you have any idea how hard it was for me to drag the Acting Grand Master away from her desk?
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' We've only been here for a few minutes and worry is already written all over her face.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' *sigh* Lisa...
:{{DIcon}} Well, the Knights of Favonius do have a lot to handle...
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, this is the Acting Grand Master we're talking about. It's only natural that she has a lot on her plate!
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But you know what they say... "Now that we're already here..."
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 paimon 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo eqtj004 1 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't you let (him/her) mix a couple of drinks for you two. It'll make you feel a lot better!
:{{DIcon}} Think of it as a way to unwind.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Honestly, Jean is the only person I know who needs to be taught how to relax.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hey cutie, whip me up a Love Poem. Medium, extra sweet.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 lisa 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' And how about you, Jean? What are you in the mood for?
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I'll just have... coffee. Medium, please.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Master Jean, you drink coffee all the time. Wouldn't you like to try something else?
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 qin 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Thanks, but no. I want something to help keep me awake.
:{{DIcon}} Got it. Coming right up!
:{{A|vo eqtj004 1 qin 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Thanks.
----
;(If the first drink was not made correctly)
:{{A|Vo eqtj002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, this doesn't look like the drink they ordered. Just give this one to Paimon and try making another.

;(After making the first drink correctly)
:'''Traveler:''' (Done. Let's get started on the next drink.)

;(If the second drink was not made correctly)
:{{A|Vo eqtj002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, this doesn't look like the drink they ordered. Just give this one to Paimon and try making another.

;(After making the second drink correctly)
:'''Traveler:''' (Alright, this drink is looking good.)
----
;(After making the drinks)
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 lisa 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Mmm... The sweetness is just right. Very good.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The coffee is strong and rich with just a nice hint of bitterness to it.
:{{DIcon}} I'm glad you both like the drinks.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Actually, I do understand what you meant, Lisa.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 lisa 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hmm?
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I've been reflecting on my weaknesses lately. There's still room for me to improve in many areas, such as my productivity and management...
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 qin 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I'm concerned my stress may even be starting to somehow affect you as well...
:{{DIcon}} I think you still don't quite understand.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 qin 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' What?
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 lisa 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe. See? Cutie knows.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 lisa 04.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' You were working yourself way too hard, so I thought I'd take you out for some drinks. All I wanted was for you to have some fun.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 lisa 05.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' But even in the tavern, you're still thinking about work. That's what's most concerning.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 lisa 06.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' If you're constantly under stress like this, it's only a matter of time before you burn out.
:{{DIcon}} Exactly.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 qin 06.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Oh... You also agree with Lisa, (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 qin 07.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Hmm, so... is learning to relax actually my biggest challenge?
:{{DIcon}} To quote a saying from Liyue: "Everything has a balance."
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep! Work hard, play hard, and rest even harder. The two of you may need even more rest than you'd expect!
:{{DIcon}} That's an... interesting way to put it.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 lisa 07.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 qin 08.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Alright, I... I understand.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 qin 09.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Thank you, all of you. Now I know that this place serves refreshments for both the body and the mind. Is that why you and Kaeya like the tavern so much?
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 lisa 08.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Yes, and no. It really depends on who's making the drinks.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 lisa 09.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Speaking of which, we couldn't have changed Jean's mind without you today. You sure have a way with words, Cutie.
:{{DIcon}} Don't mention it.
:{{DIcon}} I'm glad I could help.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 lisa 10.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hehe, then we'll see you later.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 qin 10.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I'll consider coming here to relax if I have another opportunity.
:{{A|vo eqtj004 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds great. Take care, you two!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dandelion, Rose, and Windwheel Aster
|zhs     = 蒲公英、蔷薇、风车菊
|zhs_rm  = Púgōngyīng, Qiángwēi, Fēngchē-jú
|zht     = 蒲公英、薔薇、風車菊
|zht_rm  = Púgōngyīng, Qiángwēi, Fēngchē-jú
|zh_tl   = Dandelion, Rose, Windwheel Aster
|ja      = 蒲公英、薔薇、風車アスター
|ja_rm   = Tanpopo,<ref>{{Ref/VO|Jean|興味のあること…|ja}}</ref> Bara, Fuusha Asutaa<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Ode to Flower and Cloud|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl   = Dandelion, Rose, Windwheel Aster
|ko      = 민들레, 장미, 풍차 국화
|ko_rm   = Mindeulle, Jangmi, Pungcha Gukhwa
|ko_tl   = Dandelion, Rose, Windwheel Chrysanthemum
|es      = Dientes de león, rosas y margaritas voladoras
|es_tl   = Dandelions, Roses and Flying Daisies
|fr      = Pissenlit, rose et chrysanthème à aubes
|fr_tl   = Dandelion, Rose, and Vaned Chrysanthemum
|ru      = Одуванчик, роза, ветряная астра
|ru_tl   = Dandelion, Rose, Windmill Aster
|th      = Dandelion, Rose, Windwheel Aster
|vi      = {{tt|Bồ Công Anh|蒲公英}}, Tường Vi, {{tt|Cúc|菊}} Cánh Quạt
|vi_tl   = Dandelion, {{w|Lagerstroemia|Crape Myrtle}}, Propeller Chrysanthemum
|de      = Löwenzahn, Rose und Windmühlenaster
|de_tl   = Dandelion, Rose and Windmill Aster
|id      = Dandelion, Rose, dan Windwheel Aster
|id_tl   = Dandelion, Rose, and Windwheel Aster
|pt      = Dandelion, Rosa e Margaridas Voadoras
|pt_tl   = Dandelion, Rose, and Flying Daisies
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Dandelion, Rosa e Margaridas Voadoras]]