{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Lore
|region       = Mondstadt
}}
{{Description|With unfaltering trust, I followed the fox round and about, soon emerging from the dark forest in a seemingly faraway land. There, in the moonlight, a sea of dandelions lay before me, stretching as far as my eyes could see.|[[The Fox in the Dandelion Sea]]}}

The '''Dandelion Sea''' is a location that serves as the main setting of [[The Fox in the Dandelion Sea]].

Based on the dialogue between [[Parsley]] and [[Rosemary]], it is likely that this place is entirely fictional. Although children like [[Sage]] believe in its existence.

==Lore==
In [[The Fox in the Dandelion Sea]], a hunter follows a magical fox into the forest and emerged onto "a sea of dandelions … stretching as far as my eyes could see". It is said that only foxes know the way to this place. The dandelions there are said to have a bitter fragrance that is carried by the winds.

==Trivia==
* The ending of the book is ambiguous. The hunter is turned into a dandelion, blown away in a puff of seeds, and wakes up back in the woods with no recollection of the events that happened. One possibility is that he is caught in a time-loop. Another is that the hunter at the end is a clone grown from one of the seeds of the original hunter. In which case, it may be that all the dandelions of the dandelion sea are transformed humans or sprouted from the seeds of transformed humans.
* Dandelions are culturally significant in Mondstadt (See: [[Dandelion Seed]]; [[Jean]], the current Dandelion Knight; [[Whispers in the Wind]])

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dandelion Sea
|zhs     = 蒲公英海
|zhs_rm  = Pǔgōngyīng-Hǎi
|zht     = 蒲公英海
|zht_rm  = Pǔgōngyīng-Hǎi
|zh_tl   = Dandelion Sea
|ja      = 蒲公英の海
|ja_rm   = Tanpopo<!--Danderaion?--> no Umi{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Dandelion Sea
|ko      = 민들레밭
|ko_rm   = Mindeulle-bat
|ko_tl   = Dandelion Field
|es      = El mar de dientes de león
|es_tl   = The Sea of Dandelions
|fr      = La mer de pissenlits
|fr_tl   = The Sea of Dandelions
|ru      = Море одуванчиков
|ru_tl   = Dandelion Sea
|th      = Dandelion Sea
|vi      = Biển {{tt|Bồ Công Anh|蒲公英}}
|vi_tl   = Dandelion Sea
|de      = Löwenzahnmeer
|de_tl   = Dandelion Sea
|id      = Lautan Dandelion<ref>{{Ref/Book|The Fox in the Dandelion Sea}}</ref> / Dandelion Sea
|id_tl   = Dandelion Sea
|pt      = Mar de Dandelion
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Mondstadt}}

[[de:Löwenzahnmeer]]