{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01029
|image         = Archon Quest Danger All Around.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Interlude Chapter
|actNum        = II
|act           = Perilous Trail
|part          = 3
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Arataki Itto; Guangzhu; Kuki Shinobu; Mrs. Kuki <!-- illusion -->; Paimon; Ushi; Reiichi; Ruyi; Traveler; Xiao; Yanfei; Yelan
|startLocation = [[The Chasm's Bed]], [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|prev          = Chasmic Maze
|next          = End of the Line (Quest)
|domain        = City of Hidden Runes
|exp           = 1,125
|mora          = 49,200
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|9}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|I|2|3}}

==Steps==
# Wait till the next day
# Return to camp
#* This step only shows if the player is not in [[The Chasm's Bed]] when the quest starts.
# Wait till the next day
# Talk to everyone
# Continue exploring
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[City of Hidden Runes]]
# Confirm the situation inside the Domain
# Jump into the breach
#* Only the Traveler will be in the party
# Examine the mysterious door in front of you
#* Talk to [[Arataki Itto]]
# Enter the door
# Escape from here
#*Investigate the glowing floor.
# Talk to everyone (0/3)
#* At this step, Paimon will remain in the overworld and opening the Paimon Menu will not show Paimon while the player is in The Chasm's Bed.
# Head to the place [[Yanfei]] mentioned
# Try to make contact with [[Xiao]]
#* During this step, Yanfei will follow the player around.
#* Attempting to use the Quest Navigation function will say "Follow the voice or use Elemental Sight to look for Xiao." However, the quest marker will still be present.
# Talk to Xiao
# Talk to [[Yelan]]
# Talk to everyone (0/4)

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the step "Talk to Xiao" grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' Achievement "[[No Way Home]]."

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In order to escape from the underground, the party keeps searching for a way out after getting some rest...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Wait till the next day)

:'''After what feels like a long time has passed, everyone's concept of time has become hazy. No one can tell exactly how long they've been trapped...'''

:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, there's nothing for Paimon to do here. So boring...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, how Paimon longs to stretch her legs and run free in the world outside again!
:{{DIcon}} You mean, fly?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, alright "fly free" then! Basically, Paimon just wants out of here.
:{{DIcon}} Just like that, a whole day has gone by...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just a day? No, it feels like we've been down here for months.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe not months, but at least like 20 days, surely?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yo yo, thought I heard you chatting over here.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hey Bull-Chucker.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Well everyone, I just completed another survey of the surrounding area, still nothing has changed today.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Here, have some water and take a rest.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Thank you, Shinobu. It's easy to forget to keep hydrated down here.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Argh! Out! I want out! All I want is to cruise the streets and have beetle fights again!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Boss, remember there's your image to consider.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But it's so boring, walking around this hole every day! If only I could slurp some ramen and see the beautiful flowers again...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Ramen? Wait a minute...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 yanfei 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Speaking of ramen, Traveler, are you hungry?
:{{DIcon}} Not really.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 yanfei 05.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I'm not hungry either... But let me pose the question this way: Who is the biggest eater among us?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It's definitely not me.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, what's everybody looking at me for? It's definitely not me, if anyone it's this one right here.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wh&mdash;What are you looking at Paimon for?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 yanfei 06.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Paimon, are you hungry?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, no, Paimon's not hungry. Why do you ask?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hmm, if that's the case...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh? Wh&mdash;What am I missing here?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon said she feels like it's been at least 20 days.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 yanfei 07.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Yes, I heard that too, as I was walking over. The question is, how can you not feel hungry... even after 20 days?
:{{DIcon}} And I feel like it's only been about one day.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' That's also strange. Of course, everyone has different perceptions of the passage of time... but how could one person feel like it's only been 1 day and someone else 20 days?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yeah, now that you mention it, I feel like we've been here three, four, five days, but I don't feel hungry or thirsty at all.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Although I cooked some food, it wasn't because I was hungry, I just wanted to keep our spirits up. I was planning on saving our rations so we could survive a few more days, but I haven't really felt hungry since.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Now that I think about it, not only am I not hungry, but I don't feel any real signs of fatigue either... Whether I sleep or not doesn't seem to have any effect on how I feel.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 yanfei 08.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Yes, I concur. Resting doesn't make me feel more refreshed, and staying awake doesn't make me any more tired. Very peculiar... It's almost as if our physical state has been suspended.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, the more you say, the scarier it sounds... Paimon doesn't even want to think about it.
:'''(Traveler):''' (I wonder if Xiao is experiencing the same phenomenon...?)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? What's wrong, Traveler? Did you think of something?

:'''You tell everyone that you were unable to summon Xiao...'''

:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's pretty weird... Sounds like the little dude must be in danger.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' But he is an adeptus, this kind of situation should be no trouble for him. I fear that this problem underground is bigger than we thought.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I found something, everyone.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I just discovered a new path over there that seems to lead to an unknown area.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You mean a way out? Oh, finally!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go have a look.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay! You found something! Ooh, please, please be the exit!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I still suspect things can't be that simple. We should all stay prepared for whatever comes.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, Paimon doesn't see anything out of the ordinary here...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Appearances can be deceiving. As I was examining the wall just now, I noticed there was something unusual about this stone.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Seems to me that it's been created using some illusory magic... Hidden behind it lies a passageway.
:{{color|menu|Yelan shatters the illusion}}
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, so there really is a path behind here!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Gotta hand it to ya, that sure wasn't easy to find, but at least we can finally get outta here.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, thanks to Yelan.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 shinobu 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ms. Yelan's determination and eye for detail are certainly impressive... not to mention, you've hardly had any rest the whole time we've been trapped here.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' It doesn't matter. I'm not tired.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Well, given we're all already here, we might as well go in and explore.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right behind ya! Paimon can't wait to get out of this place!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|In order to escape from the underground, the party keeps searching for a way out after getting some rest. But as you discuss the situation, everyone notices more and more anomalies. Can this new path really lead to the outside world?}}
<section begin=domaindialogue/> <!-- Section to be transcluded by "City of Hidden Runes" page -->
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Enter the domain)

;(After landing on the first rune floor)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 2 xiao 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Bos... is that... you...?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, did anyone else just hear that voice? It sounded super creepy!

;(After landing on the second rune floor)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 2 xiao 02.ogg}} '''???:''' ...No... this... ...look at me!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 2 xiao 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Don't make me... fight you!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 2 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Is some sort of battle taking place here? I wonder who could be involved...

;(After landing on the third rune floor)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 2 xiao 04.ogg}} '''???:''' No, if... still alive... why would you become like this?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 2 xiao 05.ogg}} '''???:''' I won't... attack you.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds like Xiao! Could he be in trouble?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 2 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Whoa, sounds like someone forgot to invite us to the fight... Let's go and help him!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, but how are we gonna find him?

;(After unlocking all 4 runes)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The light seems to be leading to another platform. Let's go and take a look.

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The ground... has dissolved? What's down there...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Is that little dude called Xiao down there? We gotta help him!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hold on! Something's not right here.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' ...What's this...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' It appears to be a small fissure...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What can you possibly find inside? It can't be a living person, can it, hahaha... Whoa!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Conqueror of Demons!?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xiao? Is that you?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Quit tryin' to scare us, okay?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait, is this some kind of illusion? Paimon can't touch him...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Conqueror of Demons, can you hear us?
:{{DIcon}} What happened? Are you okay?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hello? Little dude! Anyone home?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He isn't responding... What's going on here?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' You...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, he finally said something!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We followed your voice and found you here. But it's kinda strange, we can't touch you... How did you become an illusion?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 xiao 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' An illusion...?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Talk about a coincidence. We were just thinking you went missing and stuff, and then we heard the sound of you fighting. Pretty lucky we found you if you ask me, haha. You didn't get hurt, did ya?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 xiao 04.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' A coincidence? Wait...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 xiao 05.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Something's not right... *cough* Something's wrong with this domain... Leave, now! Get out of there!
:{{DIcon}} Wait a minute... Xiao, are you hurt?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' If we can, we should have him regroup with us as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 yanfei 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Tell us what happened and where you are now. We'll come find you immediately.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 xiao 06.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' No, your safety is the top priority. It seems this space can...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 yanfei 05.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Huh? He disappeared...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where'd he go? It sounded like he might be injured. We need to go help him!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It seems the only option we have to explore any further is through that entrance over there.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Heh, he's injured and telling US to be careful? It's not like we're in any danger here.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Anyway, the secret behind whatever's going on should be in this cave, right? Don't worry, little dude, Itto's on the way!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Boss, please don't go charging ahead, you're an oni, not some hunting dog.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Don't worry, I'm invincible. Ahhh! My butt!
:{{color|menu|Arataki Itto takes a fall.}}
:{{A|vo cyaq003 3 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...Looks pretty deep. Be careful, everyone.
{{Dialogue end}}
<section end=domaindialogue/>
{{Dialogue start}}
----
;(Talk to Itto after jumping down into the breach)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Bull-Chucker, how's your rear?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' It's fine... my butt is tough...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Go ahead, you can cry if it hurts. I promise I'll try not to laugh.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What! What do you mean, try not to laugh!? You should be feeling some serious sympathy for me right now!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' But wouldn't feeling sorry for you be a violation of your dignity? Besides, it's harder not to laugh when I'm not the one in pain.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Aaaaah!!!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pff... hehe...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Paimon, don't laugh... Pfft...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It's okay, everybody. If you want to laugh at him, just let it out.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Don't you have a heart, Shinobu? Huh, and people think I'M the monster...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Wait a second...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Xiao is not here, but...
:{{DIcon}} Hmm? Is that a door?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems a little out of place here, don't you think?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Maybe it's some sort of... I dunno, an emergency shelter? There was a picture book I read once that said nice people sometimes build cabins in dangerous places, so that anyone in trouble can take shelter inside.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Our little dude must be inside then!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I wouldn't be too sure about that. Any person with a normal sense of danger wouldn't be so optimistic.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Bull-Chucker, looks like your subordinate is telling you what's what.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, I believe she was talking to both of us, yeah, so you can wipe that smug smile off your face!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Aight, watch and learn, Shinobu. This is why I'm the boss and you're the deputy. If no one is macho enough to open the door, then allow me.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Step aside.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Once this door's open, we are outta here!
;(Arataki Itto tries to punch the door open to no avail. He then notices the mechanism and uses it to open the door as the others clap)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 reiichi 01.ogg}} '''Reiichi:''' Evil oni, begone... You heard me, get out of here!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Waaah!!!
:{{color|menu|Arataki Itto closes the door.}}
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Uh, am I seeing things, or was there someone behind the door?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Nah! Can't be. You're just seeing things!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't we just open the door again and see?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Who? Uh, me?... Oh, a&mdash;alrighty, I'll open it again!
;(Arataki Itto opens the door again)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 reiichi 02.ogg}} '''Reiichi:''' All you do is goof around all day. You're a bad influence to our child... begone...!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Aaaaah!!!
:{{color|menu|Arataki Itto closes the door without hesitation.}}
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Those people are carrying bowls... bowls full of beans. What's that all about?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' People throw beans to drive out oni. Boss is an oni, so they throw beans at him to get rid of him.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Gave me the fright of my life... What are people from [[Inazuma]] doing in a place like this anyway?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Calm down, now, you're a person from Inazuma too you know...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, let's get one thing straight, alright? I'm not a person, I'm an oni!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Right, but that's not the point. The question is, does this door lead to Inazuma?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How could that be possible? Ugh, this place is so weird. Paimon's starting to think it really is haunted!
:{{DIcon}} Open the door again and see if anything changes.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You guys go right ahead, I'm not opening it again. So, who's up? Oh, how about Paimon? Why don't you open it!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' N&mdash;No way! Somebody else do it, Paimon's scared...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Alright, I'll try.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's our Shinobu! Now, don't let whoever's behind that door push you around, okay?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Alright, let's see what's behind the door this time.
;(Shinobu opens the door)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 kukitae 01.ogg}} '''[[Mrs. Kuki|Gentle Woman's Voice]]:''' Still reading, Shinobu? Listen, young lady, you should keep your nose out of those books and start taking my advice... I've already found you a perfectly good job as a shrine maiden at the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]]. You'll be far better off there than...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...
:{{color|menu|Kuki Shinobu closes the door}}
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Shinobu? Who was that?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 18.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' No way, was that who I think it was?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Well, this is embarrassing. That voice was my mother...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 11.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' This is one place I wasn't counting on having to hear that speech again...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Your mother wanted you to become a shrine maiden?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 12.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' The whole reason I came to study in Liyue was because I didn't want to become a shrine maiden. My family never approved of my studies, so they wanted me to work in the Grand Narukami Shrine after I returned to Inazuma.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' From what we know about [[Yae Miko|Lady Guuji]], it seems being a shrine maiden is a pretty cushy job.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 13.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Think of it this way: Some cats can be domesticated and kept in the house, while other cats are meant to survive in the wild... As for me, I need complete freedom and space. Although I do admit that being a shrine maiden is a decent job, it's just not for me.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 19.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's right, your calling is with the gang. I mean, just look at you. You rock. You're totally hardcore. C'mon, am I the only one with chills right now?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 05.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' It's true. You've got a good thing going. What's most important is that you enjoy what you do.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Gotta agree with you there.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 20.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' From the look of it, what's behind the door can change, and not only that, it always changes to something that nobody wants to see. So uh, how are we gonna get through that?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 21.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And don't forget, we have that little dude waiting for us to save him. We need to get our rear in gear.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 14.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Would any of you like to give it a try?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' No thanks. I'd prefer not to open it if only something terrible awaits. If anyone's going to find a way through, it's not going to be me.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, why?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Because I don't buy it, that's why. I don't believe for one second that we're gonna find the Conqueror of Demons by going through that door, so I'm sure as heck not gonna be the one to get us through.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 22.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Not gonna lie, you don't sound like you have much of an imagination.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 06.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Alright, I'll try.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 23.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yeah! My savior, show 'em what you're made of!
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any phobias, Yanfei?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 07.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I'm sure I probably do... But nothing springs to mind right now.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 08.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Anyway, I suppose I'll find out once I open the door.
;(Yanfei opens the door)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 ruyi 01.ogg}} '''Ruyi:''' You old geezer! Out of eight pounds of salt, today you gave away three for free, sold two, and exchanged three for booze. How much money did you actually make in the end?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 guangzhu 01.ogg}} '''Guangzhu:''' Huh? But didn't you tell me to sell things as I pleased? Why can't I give the customers something for free?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 ruyi 02.ogg}} '''Ruyi:''' You fool! You told the old man next door to come and fetch the salt. Well, he broke his leg on the way over, and now his son is asking for compensation! Seriously, *sigh*...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 09.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' ...
:{{color|menu|Yanfei closes the door.}}
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 10.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Huh, a civil dispute... Didn't see that coming.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who were they?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 11.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' No one in particular, but it is a prime example of the many difficult civil cases that I've had trouble handling before.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hmm, so you mean you don't like handling disputes over petty matters?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 12.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Not exactly, what I mean is that I don't like working with people who cannot let go of trivial grievances, especially of the kind you saw just now. They start with good intentions, but end up making a big fuss...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 13.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' It's not long before those good intentions plunge into injury and accidents. *sigh* It's always a shame...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 14.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' It's my desire to solve problems for people, that's why I became a legal adviser. It just seems that I still can't fully comprehend the complicated minds of some people.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 15.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I understand what you mean... The human mind is probably both the most complicated and tragic of things.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 15.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I suppose there's no need to discuss this any further. Does anyone else wanna try the door?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yelan 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Don't look at me, I told you I'm not taking a chance with that thing.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 24.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' C'mon, Yelan! We're a team here. If you're not gonna try, then at least give us a convincing reason why.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' In that case, then let me be perfectly clear.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yelan 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I serve [[Ningguang]], the Tianquan of the [[Qixing]]. The scope of my work includes some of Liyue's biggest secrets.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yelan 11.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The chances are, if I open this door, there can be no witnesses left alive. Is that a sufficient reason for you?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 25.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, uh y&mdash;yeah... s&mdash;sounds impressive... Um, hey... Shinobu, who's Ningguang?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 16.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' She's someone who won't let you walk out of The Chasm alive if she finds out that you're prying into her secrets.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 shinobu 17.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Boss, you really do need to work on learning who's who in the world these days.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 26.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Look, I {{Not a typo|knowS}} what I need to {{Not a typo|knowS}}, it's called being a free oni!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, now Paimon gets it... Yelan works for Ningguang.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 16.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Haha, yes, which is precisely why I was trying to keep her secret. We should avoid letting Yelan open this door.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 yanfei 17.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' What about you, Traveler? Would you like to try?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, go for it, Traveler. Besides, you never know who could be behind that door. Maybe it could even be Xiao!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 itto 27.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I say give it a shot. Who knows? Maybe little dude is waiting for us on the other side.

:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} "Find who we're looking for"...
:'''(Traveler):''' (Hmm, maybe... I'm always looking for someone...)
:'''(Traveler):''' ...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 4 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, wait... What's Paimon looking at?
:'''(Traveler):''' (Is this... [[the Abyss]]!?)
:'''(Traveler):''' (Is... Is this what I feared...)
:'''(Traveler):''' (Huh? The exit suddenly disappeared! Is it trying to trap me in here!?)
----
;(Return to the party after escaping)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! There you are, (Traveler)! Whew, you sure had Paimon scared!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We couldn't open the door after you went in! Everyone was super worried about you. Are you okay?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Did you find anything, Traveler?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So? Did you find the person we want to rescue inside?
:{{DIcon}} No...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Judging by the look on your face, I'm guessing you saw something a little unpleasant in there?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, I did.
::{{DIcon}} Behind the door, I saw...
:::{{DIcon}} The darkness of the Abyss that took my twin away.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How could that be?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 paimon 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo cyaq003 5 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww, don't worry. Paimon will keep searching for {{MC|her|him|mc=1}} with you. Cheer up!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ugh, stupid door! I'll smash you to pieces!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If Paimon wasn't feeling so exhausted, she'd help out, too... *yawn*...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, what is this, nap time?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' So, let me get this straight, not only did we not find Xiao through that door, we saw all the things that we wish to avoid.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I'm starting to have a very ominous feeling about this domain. It's constantly changing, and its changes seem to be targeted at us.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What do you mean?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I feel the same way. We need to watch our every step, there is definitely more to this place than meets the eye.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I concur. We came here following the Conqueror of Demons, but we ended up only finding a strange door.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' The things we've encountered on the other side of that door are equally strange. It shows us whatever we fear the most. We are in a space that defies common logic.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' On top of that, I'm starting to feel tired after that experience. But I thought we'd established that getting tired doesn't happen down here...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The phenomenon hasn't reached a lethal stage just yet, otherwise, we would have starved to death without eating for so long.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I'm starting to worry that we're being affected by the changes in this space. In order to avoid the sudden accumulation of hunger and fatigue, we should eat and rest regularly from now on.
:{{DIcon}} Sure, that makes sense.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... Paimon suddenly feels exhausted. It's really tiring going through all this...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Now that you mention it, I'm starting to feel tired too... No, no, NO! It's all just an illusion! I will not let my mind play tricks on me.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... Paimon's whole body just feels so heavy now...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 yanfei 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Hmm, according to the current evidence, it seems our physical condition was suspended in this space before, which granted us immunity to the effects of fatigue and hunger.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 yanfei 05.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' But now it seems that mental fatigue is unavoidable...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 yanfei 06.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Though we have yet to locate the Conqueror of Demons, I suggest we go back and get some rest. It'll be difficult to rescue anyone if we're on the verge of collapse ourselves.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 5 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' She's right. Hey, Lavender Melon, you okay? Want me to carry you?

:'''After a persistent search, you find a shortcut that takes you back to the entrance. You then return to the camp for a rest...'''
{{Dialogue end}}

----
{{Quest Description|update|In order to escape from the underground, the party keeps searching for a way out after getting some rest. But as you discuss the situation, everyone notices more and more anomalies. Instead of taking you to the outside world, the new path leads to more confusion. Xiao, who is on his own, worries you the most...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Kuki Shinobu)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It's hard to believe what we've encountered...
:{{DIcon}} About the door...
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 shinobu 02a 1.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Well, I suppose there's no use hiding it anymore now that everyone's seen it. What you all saw really was my biggest fear. I never want to become a shrine maiden... Who could tolerate such a boring life!?
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 shinobu 02a 2.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' After these last few years with the Arataki Gang, I suppose you could say I've seen it all. It's taken every skill in my arsenal to constantly clean up the messes they make.
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 shinobu 02a 3.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Though the list of annoying things to deal with is practically endless, I am totally free in the Arataki Gang.
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 shinobu 02a 4.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Strolling around the streets, roasting Lavender Melons with friends in the open country... I know it sounds pretty silly, but that's the life that I want.
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 shinobu 02a 5.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Just don't laugh at me, okay? Otherwise, you might find yourself on the receiving end of a good beating.
:{{DIcon}} What do we do from here...
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 shinobu 02b 1.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' You don't look very well, at least not like when we just arrived. Are you troubled by what you saw behind the door?
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 shinobu 02b 2.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Listen to me, the most important thing is always the choices you have in front of you.
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 shinobu 02b 3.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Get some rest before you gather the courage to take your next step.
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 shinobu 02b 4.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Once you've chosen the path to take, don't hesitate. You must believe in your decision.
:{{DIcon}} I won't disturb you.
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 shinobu 02c.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Alright, you should get some rest too.

;(Talk to Arataki Itto)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ushi, you sure you can't find a way back to that door again?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 ushio 01.ogg}} '''Ushi:''' Moo...
:{{DIcon}} About the door...
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 itto 02a 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ah, perfect timing! I was just having a chat with Ushi about that!
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 itto 02a 2.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You know what? I can handle those mean people behind the door throwing beans at me. But causing trouble for you? Nah-uh, that ain't gonna fly with this guy!
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 ushio 02a.ogg}} '''Ushi:''' Moo...
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 itto 02a 3.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What? There's nothing we can do? Listen here, Beefcake, you shouldn't give up so easily.
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 itto 02a 4.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Can't you have one last look for it? If you really can't find it, we'll just have to find another door. With any luck, one that connects to the outside world. You feel me?
:{{DIcon}} What do we do from here...
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 itto 02b 1.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yup, that's the big question.
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 itto 02b 2.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Gotta be honest, I have no idea.
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 ushio 02b 1.ogg}} '''Ushi:''' Moo... Moo!
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 itto 02b 3.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh c'mon! Don't get mad at me, I'm just being real here.
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 itto 02b 4.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I did think about just using my oni super strength to dig our way out, but the rocks here are even tougher than prison walls...
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 itto 02b 5.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The rocks didn't even budge when Ushi charged 'em. It's pretty obvious this place is meant to keep us in here.
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 itto 02b 6.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The only thing I can do now is... well, take care of this exhausted little Lavender Melon.
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 ushio 02b 2.ogg}} '''Ushi:''' Moo, moo! Moo.
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 itto 02b 7.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yeah, I know... You're helping too, Ushi.
:{{DIcon}} I won't disturb you.
::{{A|vo cyaq003 6 itto 02c.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Sure, you do you. Just remember, even if the sky comes crashing down, I'll prop it up with my own two hands! And don't worry, I'll take care of the little Lavender Melon.

;(Talk to Yelan and Yanfei)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' You haven't slept at all, are you sure you're okay? This place seems even more perilous than we first thought.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Don't worry about me. Staying focused under pressure for as long as it takes is my specialty.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Now, if I'm not mistaken, looks like you've got some new ideas.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Hehe, how could you tell?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' It's my job to keep tabs on people.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I figured as much. They're just preliminary ideas at this point, but I haven't completely thought them through yet. I'll tell you more once my ideas have taken shape.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Sure, sounds good.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I also have some ideas of my own. I'll fill you in after I've confirmed some things.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like a productive conversation.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hehe, you think so?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 yanfei 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' As they say, two heads are always better than one.
----
;(After talking to everyone)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 yanfei 05.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' By the way, Traveler, if you have a moment, could you do me a favor? I'd like to discuss something with you.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 6 yanfei 06.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Please come meet me over there.

;(Approach the marker)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Thanks for coming to speak with me, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I've been thinking about this place... Since we still don't know just what kind of danger we're up against, we can't afford to delay any longer. We have to find the Conqueror of Demons as soon as possible.
:{{DIcon}} That's just what I was thinking.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Don't you think it's a strange coincidence that as soon as you told us about the Conqueror of Demons, we heard his voice in that place?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' It almost seems deliberate... As if something was trying to convince us that the Conqueror of Demons was there in order to lure us into the unknown.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 05.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I have a theory, but I can't tell the others just yet... I don't want anyone to panic.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 06.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Judging from the Conqueror of Demons' reactions, I think that he was somewhere else, but his voice and image were projected to our location.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 07.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' ...Is it possible that we've entered into a chaotic space?
:{{DIcon}} Chaotic? What do you mean?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 08.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' We're seeing things and people that shouldn't be here... even ghosts.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 09.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' And we don't feel hungry because the state of our bodies is suspended. It's as if... time itself has stopped for us.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 10.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' If that's true, it means we've entered into a place where normal logic doesn't apply...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 11.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' When you put it all together, everything points towards one possibility.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 12.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' This is a place where time and space are thrown into chaos.
:{{DIcon}} So, when we saw him at the domain entrance...
:{{DIcon}} He didn't really go the same way as us.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 13.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' And yet &mdash; if it's truly chaotic, how did we find our friend's voice even when we had no idea where he was? It doesn't make any sense...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 14.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Unless this space wanted us to hear it.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 15.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Which brings me to my next point. I also have a theory about our encounter with the Conqueror of Demons earlier.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 16.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I submit that we didn't actually see the Conqueror of Demons, he was somewhere else &mdash; but his status was transmitted to us through some kind of mind-bending spatial alteration.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 17.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Traveler, you said you saw the Abyss in that room, didn't you, (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 18.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' At first glance, that door may seem like a prank. It shows you whatever you're afraid of. But if it manages to lure you inside...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 19.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' ...There's no way of knowing what might be in there. One minute, it's playing a joke to get you to lower your guard, the next, the danger is real, and it's trapped you.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 20.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' This space is a powerful opponent. It wants to use our minds against us.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 21.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' But I'm not gonna sit here and do nothing. Do you remember that small spatial rift next to the dissolving ground?
:{{DIcon}} I think so.
:{{DIcon}} So that was a spatial rift.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 22.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' It felt like spatial magic, but it seemed much more powerful than usual.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 23.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' When we saw that illusion of the Conqueror of Demons, it seemed like he wasn't expecting our spaces to intersect at all, and was even more surprised that we could hear and see him.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 24.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I think that this space purposely transmitted the Conqueror of Demons' voice to lure us into a trap...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 25.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' But I also think it didn't count on that spatial rift happening. In other words, the fact that we saw and spoke with the Conqueror of Demons was never part of its plan.
:{{DIcon}} That's why we were interrupted?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 26.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Yes. Also, I had a good look around after coming back. I have a feeling that these chaotic spaces are constantly intersecting with each other, meaning that anything is possible...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 27.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I think this gives us an opportunity. If the space creates phenomena meant to deceive us based on our imaginations, then we have to keep imagining, Traveler.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 28.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' If we try to stay calm and listen carefully... Maybe, just maybe, we'll hear the Conqueror of Demons' voice again.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 29.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' ...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 30.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Can you feel that? Let me see... I think it's here.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 31.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' ...And break!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 32.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Phew! I secretly learned Yelan's illusion-breaking method without her knowing. Haha, really didn't expect that to work.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 33.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' The sound came from behind this illusion. Let's go in and take a look.

;(Talk to Yanfei again)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 28.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' If we try to stay calm and listen carefully... Maybe, just maybe, we'll hear the Conqueror of Demons' voice again.

;(Continue through the tunnel)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 34.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' It's getting clearer!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...This is... The Chasm... what did... go through here?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 02.ogg}} '''???:''' ... Bos... died... battle... hundred years ago... What is he doing here...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 03.ogg}} '''???:''' ...The... is that him?... Yaksha...

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 35.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' The voice is much clearer now. We're close.
:{{DIcon}} It's a spatial rift!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 36.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Conqueror of Demons, can you hear me? It's Yanfei. (Traveler) and I are trying to find you.
:{{DIcon}} Xiao, are you there?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 04.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...Traveler? Yanfei?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 37.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' It worked!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 38.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Are you okay?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 05.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I'm fine.
:{{DIcon}} We heard the sound of you fighting...
:{{DIcon}} What happened?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 39.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Listen to me, it's chaotic here. We may not be in the same space, but sometimes the sound can get through, which means these separate spaces intersect from time to time.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 06.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...Everything is chaotic here.
:{{DIcon}} Find a way to get to us.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 07.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' No.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 08.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' The darkness that sullies my soul is harmful to mortals.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 40.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Right now, we have more dangerous things to worry about than that. This space is using our urge to find you to lure us into traps.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 41.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Without you here with us, our search for you could very well lead us into danger.
:{{DIcon}} Please come.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 09.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' So you're in danger, too?
:'''(Traveler):''' (Uh-oh, he said "too"...)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 10.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...There was no need for you to search for me.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 42.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' But we're worried about you. And earlier, (Traveler) was tricked into entering a dangerous place...
:{{DIcon}} It's true.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 11.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 12.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' How do we meet?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 43.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Conqueror of Demons, can you find out where our voices are coming from? Find the spot where our voices are the clearest and try something there, it might work.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 13.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...I see. The spaces may intersect amidst the chaos...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 14.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...By "try something"... Do you mean...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 44.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Hurry! If we miss this chance, we might not get another one!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 15.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Xiao?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 16.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...Stand back.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 45.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' ...!
:{{DIcon}} !!!
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 17.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Phew... Hmm.
:'''(Traveler):''' (Oh no... he looks badly injured.)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 46.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Let's get him back to the camp!
----
;(The Traveler, Yanfei, and Xiao return to camp)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 18.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 19.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Now, we can avoid getting split up.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Oh?
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 47.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' A lot's happened here. But this wasn't just for our own safety. You're injured, we can't just leave you alone.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 20.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' It's just a flesh wound. I am fine. I shouldn't let myself be a burden to you.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yanfei 48.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' You're not a burden. Don't think that for one second. We need you, all of us. For our sake, please, stay here. Please?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 21.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Fine... As you wish.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You're injured. Get some rest. Everything else can wait.
:{{DIcon}} Yes, wait until you get better.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry about anything else.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 7 xiao 22.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Alright.
:'''(Traveler):''' (Xiao has closed his eyes and seems to be resting... Could he be dreaming? This is quite astonishing.)
:'''(Traveler):''' (Is a yaksha who never lowers his guard capable of having dreams?)

;(Talk to Xiao again)
:'''(Traveler):''' (Xiao has closed his eyes and seems to be resting... Could he be dreaming? This is quite astonishing.)
:'''(Traveler):''' (Is a yaksha who never lowers his guard capable of having dreams?)
----
;(Approach Yelan and Yanfei)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hmm... As expected, something strange is going on here.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Oh, Traveler?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' You're both here. Great, I want to talk to you.
:{{DIcon}} Let's all talk. We'll put our heads together.

:'''You, Yelan, and Yanfei share all the information you have with each other...'''

:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I also felt that the space was targeting us, but Yanfei managed to exploit its weakness. Leave it to Yanfei to find a loophole.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Based on what just happened, we can now confirm our suspicions that space and time function chaotically here. In addition, we must stay vigilant to avoid the traps set for us by this place.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Now that we've found the Conqueror of Demons, the next thing we need to do is find a way out.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I went back to the domain again just now. Although I couldn't find a new route, it wasn't a completely fruitless trip.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' My clan has practiced magic for generations and has created some catalysts that only we know how to use.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I recognized something like one of these catalysts in the domain. Unfortunately, it disappeared as soon as I approached it.
:{{DIcon}} Was it an illusion?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I think so. But it's hard to distinguish between reality and illusion here. I can't be sure.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Also... I am the only one out of all of us who could know what it would look like. To me, that confirms that this place really is reading our minds.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yanfei 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Just like with that door. It's like it's alive, and testing us.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' By reading our minds and showing us what we want, it creates the reality that we want to be true... Everything it does is either to get us to lower our guard or to wear us down.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' If that's the case, it can only have one goal: To trap us here until we die. What else could it be?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yanfei 05.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' ...We should prepare for the worst, but we mustn't give up.
:{{DIcon}} Agreed.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 11.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I've always known there were secrets hidden in The Chasm. But even the Qixing have never heard about anything like this.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yanfei 06.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Yelan, when we first ran into you, you said you had something to do. What were you referring to?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 12.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' ...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 13.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I was looking for the truth behind the monster invasion from [[Khaenri'ah]].
:'''(Traveler):''' (...Khaenri'ah!?)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 14.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Please keep everything I'm about to say to yourselves. No one else can know. Otherwise...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yanfei 07.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' We got it.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 15.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' 500 years ago, a wave of dark beasts from Khaenri'ah attacked the seven nations of Teyvat. Naturally, Liyue was also affected.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 16.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Under [[Rex Lapis]]'s command, the [[Millelith]] fought hard to hold the frontline near The Chasm. But these were vicious beasts, and this was the most desperate battle Liyue had ever faced.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 17.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' At a critical moment, someone distracted the monsters and led them away. Just when all hope seemed lost, the tide turned.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 18.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The Liyue army eventually won the war, but there were many who never returned.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 19.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Two of my ancestors took part in that war, and the one who made it back went insane... Everything about it was strange.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 20.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The current generation of Qixing knows very little about these events, and very few came back from The Chasm alive. Finding out the truth has been a waiting game.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 21.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The day The Chasm was unsealed, I put in a request to be transferred here so I could finally learn the truth of what happened back then.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 22.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' But this place we've ended up in, and the possibilities we are facing... it's all far more terrifying than I'd imagined.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yanfei 08.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' ...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 8 yelan 23.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' ...We can't give up. Right now, our number one priority has to be getting out of here alive.
:'''(Traveler):''' (The Chasm, Khaenri'ah... What happened 500 years ago?)
:'''(Traveler):''' (And what did Xiao see back in that other space? Who was he fighting against?)
:'''(Traveler):''' (Can we really get out of here in one piece?)
----
;(Talk to Arataki Itto)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, Ushi, looks like our little Lavender Melon has fallen asleep, huh? Do ya think she's dreaming?
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 ushio 01.ogg}} '''Ushi:''' Moo? Moo.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Man, she looks wiped out. It's kinda hard to see her like this, I mean, most of the time she never shuts up... Ah, poor thing.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And that little dude looks done in, too. Ah, I'm kinda worried about 'em.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 ushio 02.ogg}} '''Ushi:''' Moo, moo, moo.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I sleep like this when I'm in jail? Hah! Good one. I do slumber like a king.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' (Traveler)!? When did you get here?

;(Talk to Kuki Shinobu)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' You don't look well. I guess things still haven't improved.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It's okay, you don't have to go into all the details.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Sometimes, I really envy the boss.

;(Talk to Yanfei or Yelan)
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 yanfei 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' ...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 yelan 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Are you alright? You've suddenly gone quiet. It's not like you at all.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 yanfei 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Shh, we'll talk later. I'm just processing all the existing clues we have.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 yanfei 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Maybe the key to our escape is hidden in some detail I've overlooked... I have to go over everything again...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 yelan 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Alright, well...
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 yanfei 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Oh, don't worry. I won't write down anything that you told us about.
:{{A|vo cyaq003 9 yelan 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' No, I meant, if you're going to analyze the facts, count me in.

;(Talk to Xiao)
:'''(Traveler):''' ...
:'''(Traveler):''' (Xiao's eyes are tightly shut and he's not making a sound. No one has the heart to interrupt him.)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Tutorials==
;About Symbols
{{Transclude|Tutorial/About Symbols}}

;About Lightshapers
{{Transclude|Tutorial/About Lightshapers}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/Gn4yFxRXTgM
|caption1 = City of Hidden Runes Domain Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Danger All Around
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Wijsf
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Wijsf
|zh_tl   = Danger Lies All Around
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Kiken Darake
|ja_tl   = Danger All Around
|ko      =  
|ko_rm   = Sabang-i Wiheomhae
|ko_tl   = All Around are Dangerous
|es      = El peligro se acerca
|es_tl   = The Danger Is Nigh
|fr      = Danger omniprsent
|fr_tl   = Omnipresent Danger
|ru      =  
|ru_tl   = Danger is Everywhere
|th      = 
|th_rm   = Antarai Ron Tid
|th_tl   = Danger in All Direction
|vi      = Nguy Him Rnh Rp
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gefahren ringsum
|de_tl   = Danger All Around
|id      = Bahaya dari Segala Arah
|id_tl   = Danger from All Ways
|pt      = Cercado por Perigos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Tehlike Her Yerde
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Pericolo, pericolo, pericolo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Interlude Chapter}}

[[es:El peligro se acerca]]
[[vi:Nguy Him Rnh Rp]]