{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Locations
}}
The '''Dark Sea''' is a term that refers to any location beyond the continent of [[Teyvat]]. Because they are not within Teyvat's boundaries, those who dwell there do not live under the dominion of [[The Seven]].

==Overview==
Little is known about this area besides the fact that it is outside of Teyvat. Despite being called a "sea," this term also encompasses landmasses.<ref name="BoA">{{Ref/Item|Bit of Aerosiderite}}</ref>

In the ancient past, parts of the land now known as the Dark Sea were inhabited by the [[Seelie]], who built palaces there. While some Seelie also dwell in Teyvat, their palaces are said to stand in the "wasteland" beyond the dominion of The Seven, which is "inhabited only by the grotesque ghostly remains of fallen [[gods]]."<ref name="ADT">{{Ref/Book|A Drunkard's Tale|3}}</ref>

Following the end of the [[Archon War]] 2,000 years ago, many of the defeated gods who survived chose to flee to the Dark Sea instead of living under the new order of The Seven.<ref name="BoA" /> However, it is suggested that the gods who fled have also died since then from reasons unknown.<ref name="ADT" />

[[Enkanomiya]] is referred to as part of the Dark Sea<ref name="JBoaDS">{{Ref/Item|Jade Branch of a Distant Sea}}</ref> (despite being directly below [[Watatsumi Island]] and thus geographically within Teyvat's borders), as it is outside of the jurisdiction of [[The Seven]].  The "serpent god" [[Orobashi]] was worshipped by the people of Enkanomiya after saving the inhabitants from the [[Dragonheir of the Depths|Dragonheirs of the Depths]]. Derived from information within the book "[[Before Sun and Moon]]," Enkanomiya's history extends to long before the dominion of The Seven, supposedly to a time when The Seven did not exist and "all of humanity was unified under a single culture".<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Eboshi}}</ref> After Orobashi discovered this book and the secrets detailed within, he was sentenced to death by Celestia, presumably because Celestia does not want anyone to know that Celestia and the gods do not originate from Teyvat.

There may be other areas that meet the requirements of being labelled as the "Dark Sea", such as the [[Golden Apple Archipelago|Haar Islands]] or [[Khaenri'ah]], but they are never directly referred to as part of the Dark Sea.

==Known Gods==
The following gods are known to have fled to the Dark Sea at some point in time.

{| class="wikitable"
! Name !! Original Nation !! Status
|-
|[[Orobashi]] || ? || Deceased; returned from [[Enkanomiya]] to Teyvat and became the god of the [[Sangonomiya Clan]] and [[Watatsumi Island]] before fighting and being slain by [[Ei]].<ref name="JBoaDS" />
|-
|}

==Notes==
* In [[A Drunkard's Tale (III)]], which makes reference to the Seelies and the wasteland "beyond the dominion of the deities," the original Chinese text is clearer that "deities" refers to The Seven, while "gods" refers to gods who preceded The Seven.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dark Sea
|zhs     = 暗之外海
|zhs_rm  = Àn zhī Wàihǎi
|zht     = 暗之外海
|zht_rm  = Àn zhī Wàihǎi
|zh_tl   = Dark Outer Sea
|ja      = 闇の外海
|ja_rm   = Yami no Gaikai{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Dark Outer Sea
|ko      = 어둠의 {{tt|외해|外海}}
|ko_rm   = Eodum-ui Oehae
|ko_tl   = Dark Outer Sea
|es      = Mar Oscuro
|es_tl   = Dark Sea
|fr      = Outre-mer
|fr_tl   = Oversea
|ru      = Тёмное море
|ru_tl   = Dark Sea
|th      = Dark Sea
|vi      = Biển Đen<!--also "Vùng Biển Đen"-->
|vi_tl   = Black Sea
|de      = Dunkles Meer
|de_tl   = Dark Sea
|id      = Laut Hitam
|id_tl   = Black Sea
|pt      = Mar Sombrio
|pt_tl   = Dark Sea
|tr      = Karanlık Deniz
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Mare oscuro
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[de:Dunkles Meer]]
[[pt-br:Mar Sombrio]]
[[ru:Темное Море]]
[[uk:Темне море]]