{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Noctua Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Noctua Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Diluc
|archonQuestReq = [[Prologue]]: Act III - [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]
}}
'''Darknight Hero's Alibi''' is the first act of [[Diluc]]'s [[Story Quests]], the [[Noctua Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed [[Prologue]]: Act III - [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]].

During the act, the [[Traveler]] overhears a rumors of a certain hero dubbed the [[Darknight Hero]], unaware for the most that their "Hero" is someone that everyone knows.
==List of Quests==
#[[Legend of the Darknight Hero]]
#[[Darknight Hero's Crisis]]
#[[Darknight Hero's Alibi (Quest)|Darknight Hero's Alibi]]

==Summary==
===Legend of the Darknight Hero===
Inside [[Angel's Share]] in the [[City of Mondstadt]], Charles tells the Traveler and [[Paimon]] a tale of rumors about a certain Darknight Hero have been circulating around Mondstadt. Intrigued by this, they set out to figure out his identity.

They inquire about the Darknight Hero from the townsfolk, and put together that the Darknight Hero is a wealthy, Vision-wielding vigilante who is not affiliated with the [[Knights of Favonius]]. Having learned that he acts around nighttime, they waited and later heard a ruckus at the north alley. Arriving at the site, they find the Darknight Hero himself, Diluc, fighting an Abyss Mage who he easily kills. Diluc is surprised by the Traveler and Paimon's sudden appearance, admitting that he had already planned his route beforehand to avoid the guards. He urges them not to inform the Knights of his identity as the Darknight Hero and quickly leaves. Huffman arrives a minute late to the scene.

===Darknight Hero's Crisis===
Huffman has informed the Traveler that the Abyss Order is waging war against the Darknight Hero through a letter they obtained. However, parts of the letter are put in an indeterminate cipher. Diluc, who heard the challenge from [[Dawn Winery|his Winery]], suggests that he needs information from the Abyss Order to translate it, having located a stronghold. The two infiltrate the stronghold and confront Landrich, a Hydro Abyss Mage and quickly defeat it. Landrich initially refuses to disclose any information, prompting Diluc to use his Vision and tortures the mage with Burning Hand. It quickly loses its resistance and tells them that the attack is intended tomorrow night.

Returning to the city, the pair meet up with Huffman, who tells them that they intend to discover the Darknight Hero's true identity to monitor their actions, as it will be a threat to the Knights if left unchecked. [[Kaeya]] then walks in and tells Huffman to keep close tabs on Diluc, having been tipped off that he had been working somewhat often at the tavern. Huffman is surprised by the thought but nonetheless complies with Kaeya's order.

===Darknight Hero's Alibi===
The pair head to the winery, where Diluc is not surprised by Kaeya's actions, but asks them to bring him some [[Mist Flower Corolla]] in the nearby area. After returning with some, Diluc hands them over to [[Connor]]. He tells the two that his staff was experimenting with the flowers to increase sales, but it instead attracted numerous [[slimes]] because of the elemental energy the flowers contained. Diluc then realized that he could use this to cause some trouble, and has the Traveler set a small amount on the ground. Not long after, some slimes converge onto the winery, which they all clear out before they could cause some havoc.

Diluc then explains that he will tackle the Abyss Order's horde by himself, while the Traveler and Paimon head to the tavern to ensure that Huffman does not suspect him as the Darknight Hero. They meet up with Huffman and Paimon prepares to order some drinks, only to have no Mora on her. Huffman tries to pay for her drink, but Paimon declines the offer as part of the plan.

Placing the bait and returning to the tavern, Diluc prepares Huffman's [[Dandelion Wine]] when a guard comes in and tells him a massive amount of slimes are attacking. Huffman is surprised by the sudden appearance of the slimes and that it was the Abyss Order's secret weapon. Initially intending to monitor Diluc, Diluc shames him into assisting in the city's defense. The three then head to the other gate where Diluc effortlessly wipes the horde out, returning to the tavern before Huffman could arrive.

Huffman returns and notices the Traveler is unusually exhausted, becoming suspicious. He then asks the other patrons if Diluc had left, but they all tell him no. Huffman leaves the tavern, skeptical but does not pry further. Diluc reveals that all of the "patrons" in the bar are actually his winery staff, only for Kaeya to appear from the crowd. He had been watching the three to see how Diluc would react to the situation. Diluc dares Kaeya to rat him out, but the Calvary Captain tells him that it isn't his style, so the secret is kept safe. As Kaeya leaves, Diluc thanks the Traveler for their assistance, giving them some compensation and that they can come to him for help should the need ever arise.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Darknight Hero's Alibi|type=Story Quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Darknight Hero's Alibi
|zhs     = 暗夜英雄的不在场证明
|zhs_rm  = Ànyè Yīngxióng de Bùzàichǎng Zhèngmíng
|zht     = 暗夜英雄的不在場證明
|zht_rm  = Ànyè Yīngxióng de Bùzàichǎng Zhèngmíng
|zh_tl   = Dark Night Hero's Alibi
|ja      = 闇夜の英雄のアリバイ
|ja_rm   = Yamiyo no Eiyuu no Aribai
|ja_tl   = Dark Night Hero's Alibi
|ko      = 다크 히어로의 알리바이
|ko_rm   = Dakeu Hi'eoro-ui Alliba'i
|ko_tl   = Dark Hero's Alibi
|es      = La coartada del Héroe Oscuro
|es_tl   = The Dark Hero's Alibi
|fr      = Alibi du Héros de la Nuit
|fr_tl   = Alibi of the Hero of the Night
|ru      = Алиби Полуночного героя
|ru_tl   = Midnight Hero's Alibi
|th      = หลักฐานการไม่อยู่ของ Darknight Hero
|th_rm   = Lakthan Kan Mai Ayu Kong Darknight Hero
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bằng Chứng Ngoại Phạm Của Anh Hùng Bóng Đêm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Alibi des Helden der Nacht
|de_tl   = Alibi of the Hero of the Night
|id      = Alibi Darknight Hero
|id_tl   = Darknight Hero's Alibi
|pt      = Álibi do Herói Obscuro
|pt_tl   = Alibi of the Obscure Hero
|tr      = Karagece Kahramanının Mazereti
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Alibi dell'Eroe oscuro
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:La coartada del Héroe Oscuro]]
[[ja:闇夜の英雄のアリバイ]]
[[ru:Алиби Полуночного героя]]