{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00466
|image         = Story Quest Darknight Hero's Alibi.png
|title         = Darknight Hero's Alibi
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Noctua Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = Darknight Hero's Alibi
|character     = Diluc
|startLocation = [[Dawn Winery]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Dawn Winery
|prev          = Darknight Hero's Crisis
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*300;Primogem*60;Mora*13,850;Teachings of Resistance*5;Adventurer's Experience*6;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|characters    = Connor;Diluc;Guy;Huffman;Kaeya;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Darknight Hero's Alibi''''' is the third and final part of {{Quest|Darknight Hero's Alibi}}.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Dawn Winery]]
# Furnish Diluc with the information
# Leave winery
# Collect [[Mist Flower Corolla]] from beside the water (0/4)
# Give 4 Mist Flower Corolla to Diluc
# Set the elemental bait
# Talk to Diluc
# Defeat the [[slime]]s
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy|Cryo Slime|x=3}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy|Geo Slime|x=3}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Large Cryo Slime*1;Large Geo Slime*1}}
# Talk to Diluc
# Go to the tavern
# Wait until night (19:00 – 06:00)
#* [[Huffman]] will appear in the tavern.
# Pose as a customer and speak to Diluc
# Leave Tavern
# Place the elemental bait near the side gate
# Talk to Diluc
# Face the [[Abyss Order]] head-on at Mondstadt's front gate
# Defeat the Abyss Order attackers
#* Diluc will join your party for this battle.
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard*3};Cryo Abyss Mage}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Hilichurl Berserker*2;Pyro Hilichurl Shooter*2}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard*2;Cryo Hilichurl Shooter*2;Hydro Abyss Mage}}
# Return to the tavern before Huffman

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 11–18, player will not be able to use [[Teleport Waypoint|Waypoint]]s or [[Statues of The Seven]] to teleport.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 1, 3, 4, 7
|character_name          = Diluc
|weapon_name             = Wolf's Gravestone
|character_level3        = 43
|constellation3          = 3
|weapon_level3           = 43
|refinement3             = 1
|artifact_flower3        = Medal of the Brave
|artifact_feather3       = Prospect of the Brave
|artifact_sands3         = Fortitude of the Brave
|artifact_goblet3        = Outset of the Brave
|artifact_circlet3       = Crown of the Brave
|artifact_level3         = 14
|set1_3                  = Brave Heart
|set1_piece_bonus_3      = 4
|normal_attack_talent3   = 1
|elemental_skill_talent3 = 4
|elemental_burst_talent3 = 1
|hp3                     = 12,327
|atk3                    = 1,217
|def3                    = 368
|em3                     = 17
|crit_rate3              = 41.8%
|crit_dmg3               = 72.4%
|er3                     = 104.7%
|character_level4        = 55
|constellation4          = 3
|weapon_level4           = 55
|refinement4             = 1
|artifact_flower4        = Medal of the Brave
|artifact_feather4       = Prospect of the Brave
|artifact_sands4         = Fortitude of the Brave
|artifact_goblet4        = Outset of the Brave
|artifact_circlet4       = Crown of the Brave
|artifact_level4         = 16
|set1_4                  = Brave Heart
|set1_piece_bonus_4      = 4
|normal_attack_talent4   = 4
|elemental_skill_talent4 = 7
|elemental_burst_talent4 = 4
|hp4                     = 16,713
|atk4                    = 1,566
|def4                    = 482
|em4                     = 34
|crit_rate4              = 60.2%
|crit_dmg4               = 72.4%
|er4                     = 104.7%
|character_level7        = 84
|constellation7          = 3
|weapon_level7           = 84
|refinement7             = 1
|artifact_flower7        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather7       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands7         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet7        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet7       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level7         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|character_level1        = 28
|constellation1          = 1
|weapon_level1           = 28
|refinement1             = 1
|normal_attack_talent1   = 1
|elemental_skill_talent1 = 1
|elemental_burst_talent1 = 1
|hp1                     = 6943
|atk1                    = 651
|def1                    = 252
|em1                     = 13
|crit_rate1              = 24.8%
|crit_dmg1               = 50%
|er1                     = 100%
|artifact_flower1        = Medal of the Brave
|artifact_feather1       = Prospect of the Brave
|artifact_sands1         = Fortitude of the Brave
|artifact_goblet1        = Outset of the Brave
|artifact_circlet1       = Crown of the Brave
|artifact_level1         = 8
|set1_1                  = Brave Heart
|set1_piece_bonus_1      = 4
|normal_attack_talent7   = 6
|elemental_skill_talent7 = 9
|elemental_burst_talent7 = 6
|hp7                     = 26,193
|atk7                    = 2,469
|def7                    = 891
|em7                     = 105
|er7                     = 135.0%
|crit_dmg7               = 91.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Knight Huffman has informed you that the Abyss Order is plotting against the Darknight Hero. As a precaution, the Knights have decided to monitor the Darknight Hero's actions. You shared this information with Diluc and discussed countermeasures. Having made your preparations, you now lie in wait for both the Knights and the Abyss Order to act.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Diluc)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Master Diluc! Paimon has something important to tell you&mdash;
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Yes... about [[Kaeya]]...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I should have known he would see this as the perfect opportunity to get back at me.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like there's a bit of bad blood between you guys then?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I shan't get into that now. More importantly, the [[]]Knights of Favonius are responding more or less as I had anticipated.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' All we need to do now is think of a counter plan.
:{{DIcon}} Steer clear of the tavern, for starters.
::{{A|vo dlclq003 2 diluc 05a.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' That won't work. It will only arouse the Knights' suspicion if I don't show up as they're expecting.
::{{A|vo dlclq003 2 diluc 05a 1.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' That's what Kaeya is counting on.
::{{A|vo dlclq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... so what are we gonna do?
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any ideas?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Patience. Let me think for a moment...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If they intend to monitor me, then so be it.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' We can use this to create the perfect alibi.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's an alabla&mdash; an alibi?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 diluc 10.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If you want to find out, maybe you can do me a small favor first.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh come on! Why do you love cliff hangers so much?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 diluc 11.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' In Mondstadt, Mist Flowers are most commonly found in a region just {{Color|buzzword|northwest of the winery}}.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 diluc 12.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If you could gather some for me, I'd be most grateful. I will make other preparations here in the meantime.

;(Talk to Diluc again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog dlclq003 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' In Mondstadt, Mist Flowers are most commonly found in a region just {{Color|buzzword|northwest of the winery}}.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 2 diluc 13.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Once you've gathered enough {{Color|buzzword|Mist Flowers}}, I will discuss the plan further with you.
----
;(After gathering the Mist Flower Corollas)
;(Talk to [[Connor]], optional)
:{{A|vo dialog dlclq003 connor 01.ogg}} '''Connor:''' The method for obtaining mist flower extract is kind of my own invention. So please, keep it a secret until I've managed to publish it.

;(Talk to Diluc)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Ah, you're back.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Allow me to introduce the winery's master brewer&mdash;
:{{A|vo dlclq002 5 connor 01.ogg}} '''Connor:''' So many Mist Flowers... Great! I can't wait to see how this turns out!
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' So, are you certain the equipment can withstand this level of purity?
:{{A|vo dlclq002 5 connor 02.ogg}} '''Connor:''' Oh my... my goodness, the winery owner himself is addressing me directly!
:{{A|vo dlclq002 5 connor 03.ogg}} '''Connor:''' Don't worry, sir! It is always my honor to serve you, even if it means risking my life!
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's so life-threatening about this?
:{{A|vo dlclq002 5 connor 04.ogg}} '''Connor:''' Please excuse me &mdash; I must get to work!
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's he gonna do with a bunch of Mist Flowers?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Long story short...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' A few days ago, the winery was experimenting with some new flavors. They wanted to see if Mist Flower can truly add a crisp and refreshing taste.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Sure enough, they discovered that the flower's extract is truly potent.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the new batch is selling like hot cakes?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' No, not potent in terms of attracting customers, but slimes.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Slimes need to extract elemental energy to survive... For them, this substance is simply irresistible.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' So I thought to myself, "I wonder how much trouble I could cause now that I know this..."
:'''Refining:''' *bang crash wallop*...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes! What was that noise?
:{{A|vo dlclq002 5 connor 05.ogg}} '''Connor:''' Ah... C&mdash;Cold... so c&mdash;cold... Master Diluc, purification complete, sir! B&mdash;But the equipment is...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 diluc 10.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Marvelous work. Don't fret about the equipment, I shall have my butler order more immediately.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Marvelous! Jolly-ho! Spiffing! Somebody fetch the butler!" Paimon never knew you had to be so well-spoken to get a job in the alcohol industry.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 diluc 11.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' This is what I was talking about.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 diluc 12.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Mist Flower extract... or for our purposes, "Elemental Bait."
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, it really has a strong elemental... whiff! Can we test it out?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 5 diluc 13.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Sprinkle a little on the ground over there &mdash; careful, just a small amount.

;(After setting the bait)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And then? That's it?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How long does it take before...

:;(Slimes start approaching)
:'''???:''' *squelch squelch*
:{{A|vo dlclq003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Holy moley, it really does attract slimes! ...And even more than we expected...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 7 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It appears the potency is greater than anticipated...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 7 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' We'd better get rid of them before they wreak havoc on the [[Dawn Winery Manor|manor]].
;(Talk to Diluc again)
:{{A|vo dialog dlclq003 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Let's discuss the plan some more after we've dealt with these slimes.
----
;(After defeating all the waves of slimes)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... Such a powerful effect from such a small amount of extract. At least we didn't go picking wild flowers for nothing.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! So can you tell us what your plan is now, Master Diluc?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 9 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Yes. The plan is...
:;(Fastforward the explanation)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 9 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...and so I expect it to all go down without a hitch.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Are you sure it will work?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're the only person in the plan...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 9 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I have persevered alone from the start.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 9 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Now, I alone must face what lies ahead.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well... if you already made up your mind...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But until that moment comes, Traveler and Paimon can still help you out where we can. Isn't that right, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{DIcon}} If the price is right.
::{{A|vo dlclq003 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Don't be so cheeky!
:{{A|vo dlclq003 9 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I am indeed indebted to you. I shall see you at the {{Color|buzzword|tavern}}, as per the plan.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's wait until evening to meet Master Diluc at the tavern.
----
;(At the tavern during the night)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 12 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Greetings, Mr. Huffman of the Knights of Favonius. To what do I owe the pleasure at this hour?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 12 huffman 01.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' ...Oh, erm, nothing... I'm merely procrastinating. I thought I might indulge myself with a beverage or two.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 12 huffman 02.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Ah, Traveler! Fancy meeting you here.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we were in the mood for an evening stroll.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 12 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' What would you like to drink?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 12 huffman 03.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' I'll have a [[Dandelion Wine]], I suppose.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon wants apple juice!
:;(Paimon and Diluc nod their heads at each other)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Aw, but Paimon forgot to bring her coin pouch! {{Traveler}}, do you have any Mora on you?
:{{DIcon}} I also forgot to bring mine.
::{{A|vo dlclq003 12 diluc 04a.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Then I must regretfully ask you to come back when you can pay.
:{{DIcon}} Can I start a tab?
::{{A|vo dlclq003 12 diluc 04b.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Apologies, we do not give credit here.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 12 huffman 04.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Well in that case... let this be my treat.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No need! We'll be back in a jiffy~

;(Talk to Huffman, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog dlclq003 huffman 01.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' It's only a couple of fruit juices, really, let me get them for you.

;(Talk to Diluc again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog dlclq003 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmm? You'd better get on with it, I can't wait all evening.
----
;(Outside the tavern)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huffman showed up, just as expected.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 12 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, remember the plan? Go to the city's {{Color|buzzword|side gate}} and place the Elemental Bait.

:;(After placing the bait)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa~ You used all of it... This is gonna be pretty epic.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes, here come the slimes... Quick, let's get to the tavern before anyone spots us.
----
:;(Inside the tavern)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 huffman 01.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' ...Captain Kaeya is no doubt a formidable knight, but he also brings us more than his share of hassle...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 huffman 02.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' No, this isn't right. I should not be talking about my superior in such a manner. If he were to overhear me...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're back! Is my apple juice ready?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' One moment.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 guy 01.ogg}} '''[[Guy|City Gate Guard]]:''' Mr. Huffman, Mr. Huffman! A situation at the side gate! Everyone to the side gate!
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 huffman 03.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' What is it? What happened?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 guy 02.ogg}} '''City Gate Guard:''' It's... Slimes, Mr. Huffman.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 huffman 04.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Slimes? You see them all the time, what's the big panic?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 guy 03.ogg}} '''City Gate Guard:''' We do, but... Sir, there are more slimes out there now than all the slimes I've seen in my life added together!
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh... Whoa...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 huffman 05.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Surely this couldn't be the Abyss Order's secret weapon...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 huffman 06.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' But... I have another matter to attend to here&mdash;
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Oh? The matter of your Dandelion Wine?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 huffman 07.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' N&mdash;No, I... That's not what I meant...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmph. So this is how the Knights of Favonius conduct themselves in a crisis.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The Abyss Order is encroaching on the city gates, and your response is to sit here... drinking wine?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It's like I've always said. The Knights are not to be trusted.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 huffman 08.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' I...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 huffman 09.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' *sigh* Master Diluc is right, my conduct here has been below par.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 huffman 10.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' I shall set off at once. But first...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 huffman 11.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' {{Traveler}}, may I have a quiet word?
:;(Privately)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 huffman 12.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Shh, keep your voice down. I presume you know what this is about. Please watch Diluc for me &mdash; do not let him leave under any circumstances!
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 huffman 13.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' I must head to the side gate, but I'll be back shortly. I'm counting on you!
:;(Huffman leaves to fend off the slimes)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Good. That's him out of the way.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Everything's going according to plan!
:{{A|vo dlclq003 15 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I must get going too. I won't have a second to spare if I'm to be back in time.
;(If you get near the guards)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The knights are going to spot you if you go any further. Come on. Let's head to the front gate and get ready for battle.
----
;(At the city gates)
{{Cutscene Description|[[Abyss Mage]]s lead a mob of [[hilichurl]]s charging into battle. Diluc makes short work of them...}}
;(A cutscene plays)
::{{A|vo dlclq003 cs diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Ah. There you are.
::{{A|vo dlclq003 cs diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Dealing with you will be the easy part.
:;(Diluc fights off all the incoming hilichurls and Abyss Mages)
:;(Cutscene ends)

;(After defeating all enemies)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Classic Master Diluc &mdash; not a baddie left standing.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 18 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Nothing more than a few hilichurls.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 18 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' No time to chat. I don't know how long those slimes will keep Huffman occupied. Best get back to the {{Color|buzzword|tavern}}.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, glad that's settled! Let's get back to the {{Color|buzzword|tavern}} &mdash; You think Huffman is back yet?

;(If the player goes too far away or takes too long to get back to [[Angel's Share]])
:{{A|vo dlclq003 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahem, where do you think you're going? We need to get back right away!
----
;(Inside Angel's Share)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It seems Huffman hasn't yet returned.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' We made it in time.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 huffman 01.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' *panting* ...The situation is sorted now. I never expected that the Abyss Order's army would turn out to be nothing more than a few slimes.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' That is a surprise.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Perhaps the Knights' true calling is to be slime exterminators. Who knows, domestic pest control may turn out to be a more valuable use of your resources.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 huffman 02.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Master Diluc, please, have you no respect at all...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 huffman 03.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' {{Traveler}}, how come you're sweating so much? You didn't leave, did you?
:{{DIcon}} No, it's just really warm in here.
::{{A|vo dlclq003 20 huffman 04a.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Is it...? But if that's the case, why are you also out of breath?
:{{DIcon}} I just did some squats.
::{{A|vo dlclq003 20 huffman 04b.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Is thats so? But why now of all times, for the love of [[Barbatos]]...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, Huffman is getting suspicious!
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 huffman 05.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 huffman 06.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Excuse me, sir. Might I be so bold as to inquire...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 huffman 07.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' ...Did you see Master Diluc&mdash; I mean, today's bartender... Did you see him leave just now?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes! He's asking other customers... We're done for!
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 jiuke 01.ogg}} '''Patrons:''' Master Diluc? Why no, he's been behind the bar this entire time.<!--jiuke 酒客 means bar customer, hence the voice file name-->
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 huffman 08.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' I see...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Mr. Huffman, your Dandelion Wine.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' You ought to get back after this. Send my regards to the rest of the Knights.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 huffman 09.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Oh... Never mind, I must be going, I should report back. Here, take this as a token of my esteem.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 huffman 10.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Hmm... How odd...
:;(Huffman mumbles as he leaves the tavern)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew! That was too close! Paimon was sure we were toast...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I foresaw this eventuality...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...So all the guests here tonight, save you two, are my own people from the Dawn Winery.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They're all in on it?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Not all of them... Or should I say, not all of us.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kaeya!? Where did you come from?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I just picked a good spot to quietly sit and watch the show.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whaaa... You've been here this whole time!?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Correct. "The Darknight Hero's Alibi"... I think it's my favorite chapter so far. More intriguing than a fine wine.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmph...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 10.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' So? You plan to report everything to the Knights of Favonius?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha... Come now Diluc, you know me better than that. I have no interest in exposing secrets.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I was just curious to see how far Mondstadt's Darknight Hero would really go.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' And you did not disappoint.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 11.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I have nothing to prove to you.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, naturally.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I must say though, one thing I didn't see coming is that the mighty Darknight Hero would actually need help from other people...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 12.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Sorry, we're closing. Please see yourselves out.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Alright, alright... I have no further need of wine to entertain myself tonight, in any case.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Just one last thing before I go.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 13.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It had better be the very last thing.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I feel strangely comforted by the fact you now have an assistant, Diluc.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 14.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I hope you all a wonderful night.
:;(Kaeya leaves)
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What was all that about?
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 15.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Don't mind him.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 16.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Thank you for all your help with this matter. This is a token of my gratitude.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woooow! Thanks Master Diluc!
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 17.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I'm in the habit of working alone, but I did enjoy having your assistance this time.
:{{A|vo dlclq003 20 diluc 18.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' In the future, if there's anything you ever need, you can come to me for help.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Darknight Hero's Alibi}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:La coartada del Héroe Oscuro (misión)]]
[[ja:闇夜の英雄のアリバイ (任務)]]
[[pt-br:Álibi do Herói Obscuro (Missão)]]
[[vi:Bằng Chứng Ngoại Phạm Của Anh Hùng Bóng Đêm (Nhiệm Vụ)]]