{{About|the [[Archon Quest]]|[[Diluc]]'s Elemental Burst|Dawn|the Character Card Talent for [[Genius Invokation TCG]]|Dawn (Character Card Talent)}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03013
|title         = Dawn
|image         = Archon Quest C3A2 Dawn.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|actNum        = II
|act           = The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings
|actSuffix     = : Denouement
|part          = 8
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Dunyarzad; Katheryne (Sumeru); Nahida; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = The End of the Sabzeruz Festival
|next          = Like a Triumphant Hero
|voiced        = yes
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*400;Mora*16,100;Adventurer's Experience*6;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Dawn|chapter=3|act=2|part=8|suffix=: Denouement}}

==Steps==
# Talk to "[[Katheryne]]"
# Talk to [[Nahida]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* During this quest, Katheryne will disappear from the Sumeru branch of the [[Adventurers' Guild]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In the end, [[Nilou]]'s dance ushered in the dawn. If memory serves, you seemed to have seen [[Dunyarzad]] in front of the stage...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to "Katheryne")
:{{A|vo xmaq015 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're actually Nahida, aren't you! Paimon felt like Katheryne was acting weird when we met at the [[Sabzeruz Festival]].
:{{A|vo xmaq015 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And Dunyarzad... Did you save her?
:{{A|vo xmaq015 1 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne?:''' It's a really long story. We shouldn't disturb her. Her consciousness is still weakened.
:{{A|vo xmaq015 1 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne?:''' Let's chat somewhere else. How about by the Traveler's favorite bench?

;(Talk to Dunyarzad again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq015 dunyarzad 01.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' What's going on? Why are you two so excited to see me? Hehe, hasn't it only been a night?
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq015 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's actually been much longer than that...
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq015 dunyarzad 02.ogg}} '''Dunyarzad:''' Oh...? Strange, was I really asleep that long? No wonder I have such a headache...

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's talk about Dunyarzad first. It's such a relief that she's all right!
:{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hmm-hmm. After we parted on the last day of the Sabzeruz Festival, I left the city and saw what the Traveler had described.
:{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Among the countless dreams, I found one that was growing fainter and fainter. This proved my suspicion.
:{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Once Dunyarzad could no longer bear the [[Akasha]] harvesting her dreams, her consciousness began to dissipate &mdash; but this also meant it escaped the Akasha's control.
:{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Such a small fragment of consciousness can't last for very long, though. It will return to its original dream...
:{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Where both will gradually fade until they completely disappear.
:{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I used all the power I had to keep her dying dream alive as long as possible, but it still wouldn't have lasted for much longer if it hadn't been for you two breaking the samsara.
:{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So it looks like we did manage to save Dunyarzad in the end. And not a moment too soon!
:{{DIcon}} A very happy ending.
:{{DIcon}} This is truly a miracle.
:{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Oh? Why are you two smiling so happily? I thought you'd be so moved that you'd start crying... Hmm... I need to spend more time observing human emotions.
:{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Both are fine! Everyone reacts differently!
:{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Alright, you two must have a lot of other questions for me, right? After all, you saved my faithful believer. As your reward, I'll answer any and all questions.
:{{DIcon}} About what I saw in that dream at the [[Avidya Forest]]...
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At the Avidya Forest, there was this incense that made the Traveler fall unconscious and dream of a huge tree and a red sky...
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09a.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You also heard someone's voice, right? It said "world" and "forget me"?
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! So you DO know! We've been wanting to ask you what that was about, and if the red sky was related to [[Khaenri'ah]]...
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09a 1.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hmm, it seems like the Traveler established a connection to [[Irminsul]]. That was a message left by [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]]'s residual consciousness in Irminsul... perhaps her last memory before she died.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09a 2.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' As you two probably know, Greater Lord Rukkhadevata disappeared after the disaster in Khaenri'ah. The timings of these events do line up, so your suspicions are reasonable.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A message from Greater Lord Rukkhadevata? We thought it was from [[King Deshret]]!
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09a 3.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' King Deshret... That god who died even longer ago? Some present-day desert-dwellers still worship him. You probably just heard some of their conspiracies.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04a 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay... So, what does the message mean?
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09a 4.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...I still haven't managed to decipher it. Even the Akasha isn't currently capable of doing that.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09a 5.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Greater Lord Rukkhadevata's residual consciousness in Irminsul seems to be contaminated with something that has a very dangerous aura to it.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09a 6.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Many devoted scholars go mad as soon as they connect their consciousness... I've warned the [[Akademiya]] about this many times, but people still keep falling victim to it.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09a 7.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But I believe this is the key to saving Irminsul. That's why I've kept trying to decipher it.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04a 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the tree in the vision was Irminsul... Oh, [[Tighnari]] also said that Irminsul is sick. Is it because of the contaminated consciousness?
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04a 5.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But if even you can't figure out what that vision was all about, it seems like our search for you was all in vain...
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09a 8.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The Traveler wasn't affected after coming in contact with that consciousness. I've never seen anyone like that. With you here, we may have a chance at deciphering it...
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09a 9.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' No, we MUST decipher its secrets. I've already eliminated all other factors that might affect Irminsul. This is the only one left.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09a 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' This puzzle has life and death at stake... It could determine Irminsul's fate... as well as Teyvat's...
:;(Return to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Why do you look like Katheryne?
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09b.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' To be accurate, I'm using the Akasha as a medium to occupy Katheryne's consciousness.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' H&mdash;How did you do that!? Poor Katheryne! Uh, does this mean you can also occupy other people's consciousnesses?
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09b 1.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Theoretically, I can enter anyone's mind as long as they're wearing their Akasha Terminal.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09b 2.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The Akasha is the legacy of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata. As [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] and The First Akasha Terminal, my consciousness has always been linked to the Akasha.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09b 3.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I've always respected my people's free will, so I've never actually occupied their consciousness. When necessary, I just borrow this bionic [[Snezhnaya]]n puppet.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Uhh, hold on, did we just learn some deep, dark secret? So Katheryne is... No wonder Paimon felt something was off about her...
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What about your own body? Why do you need to borrow other people's? Don't you live in the [[Sanctuary of Surasthana]]?
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09b 4.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...That story begins a long time ago. After Greater Lord Rukkhadevata disappeared, the Sages found my newly born self and took me back to Sumeru.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09b 5.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' At that time, I was young and weak. The sages kept me in the Sanctuary of Surasthana, ostensibly for the sake of "protecting" me, but I've hardly heard from them since.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09b 6.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' However, I do understand that they had hoped to find Greater Lord Rukkhadevata instead of me, a symbol of her passing.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... the sages basically put their new archon under house arrest? How dare they... Why don't you teach them a lesson, Nahida!?
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09b 7.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' In some ways, they aren't wrong. Greater Lord Rukkhadevata was omniscient and omnipotent. Even after her death, the Akasha is still empowering this nation.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09b 8.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' And I... I'm still really far away from being able to call myself the God of Wisdom. Moreover, the Akademiya is also far more proficient at governing this country. My existence has little meaning.
::{{DIcon}} To me, you're already an excellent archon.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04b 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! You've got a lot of believers. Just look at the Sabzeruz Festival! Everyone who showed up truly loves you.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09b 9.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hehe, thank you for the kind words, but I honestly don't need physical freedom as long as I can connect my consciousness to the Akasha.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09b 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Trying to find a way to save Irminsul is my life's mission and top priority. I will work on that, and try to live up to being a deity in the meantime...
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09b 11.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...Every once in a while, I will also take up the duties of the God of Wisdom, and enlighten a lost soul here and there. Doing all that... should be enough.
:;(Return to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About the sages' plan...
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09c.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' There's never been any big problems with the Akademiya's governance of Sumeru. This is the first time I've seen them step out of line.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09c 1.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I wonder what caused them to go down this path, and what they hope to achieve...
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09c 2.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Even though the city's residents haven't noticed anything strange, if the Traveler hadn't broken the Sabzeruz samsara, the situation could've become dire.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09c 3.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I tried to do some investigating in the Akasha, but I couldn't find anything suspicious, and all the people of interest seem to purposely avoid wearing their Akasha Terminals...
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09c 4.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I think they're deliberately trying to hide something.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04c.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that reminds Paimon... In [[Gandharva Ville]], there was a sage who had invited Tighnari to join some kind of project... Could it be related?
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09c 5.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Regardless, I need to first investigate the sages' motives, make things right, and punish them if needed... But I'll have to be discreet, or they'll see me coming.
:;(Return to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} No one has realized the issue with the Akasha?
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09d.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You mean how the Akasha stops you from having dreams?
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04d.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, it's been such a long time. No one's noticed something's up?
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09d 1.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It's not that no one noticed &mdash; it's more like no one cared. Ultimately, it's all rooted in the sages' misdirection.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04d 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Misdirection?
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09d 2.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The sages convinced everyone to believe that being unable to dream is a sign of rationality and wisdom. Not dreaming is a badge of honor in Sumeru...
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09d 3.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...Even if the truth is that their dreams are reaped by the Akasha.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09d 4.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' With their propaganda in place, the sages can maximize their use of the Akasha to facilitate their research.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09d 5.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Besides, Greater Lord Rukkhadevata must have created the Akasha in the hopes that it could be used to its full potential. That's why I've never come out strongly against this.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09d 6.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Anyway, the perspective advocated by the sages drowned out any voices of doubt.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09d 7.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' By now, even those who never use Akasha Terminals find it too shameful and embarrassing to talk about their dreams.
:;(Return to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} I don't have any other questions.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09e.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Got it. I hope my answers were satisfactory, seekers of knowledge.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09e 1.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' To be honest, maintaining Dunyarzad's fading dream took a lot of mental energy... I think I may need to rest for a while.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09e 2.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Oh, and you don't need to worry too much about the Sages' activities for now. The Akasha won't be able to conduct another project on the scale of the Sabzeruz samsara in the immediate future.
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 paimon 04e.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Go and get some sleep. Leave everything to us!
::{{A|vo xmaq015 2 nahida 09e 3.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hehe, what a relief. *yawn* This is truly the most exhausting birthday I've ever had.
::{{color|menu|Nahida leaves.}}
::{{A|vo dialog xmaq015 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hmm... Traveler? Paimon? Why am I here? Do either of you know?
::{{A|vo dialog xmaq015 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Maybe you were sleepwalking? You know, you can't wake up a sleepwalker. We, uh... We happened to walk by, so we thought we'd wait for you to wake up!
::{{A|vo dialog xmaq015 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I see. Huh... I should visit my maintenance personnel sometime. Oh, I'm fine. I better go. Thank you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dawn
|zhs     = 黎明
|zhs_rm  = Límíng
|zht     = 黎明
|zht_rm  = Límíng
|zh_tl   = Dawn
|ja      = 黎明
|ja_rm   = Reimei
|ja_tl   = Dawn
|ko      = 여명
|ko_tl   = Dawn
|es      = El alba
|es_tl   = The Dawn
|fr      = L'aube
|fr_tl   = The Dawn
|ru      = Рассвет
|ru_tl   = Dawn
|th      = รุ่งอรุณ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bình Minh
|vi_tl   = Dawn
|de      = Dämmerung
|de_tl   = Dawn
|id      = Fajar
|id_tl   = Dawn
|pt      = Aurora
|pt_tl   = Dawn
|tr      = Şafak
|tr_tl   = Dawn
|it      = Alba
|it_tl   = Dawn
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter III}}

[[ja:黎明 (任務)]]
[[ru:Рассвет (задание)]]
[[vi:Bình Minh (Nhiệm Vụ)]]