{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Mondstadt
|deceased         = Past
|affiliation      = Wanderer's Troupe (Faction)
|affiliationLabel = Wanderer's Troupe
}}
{{Quote|Wherefore do you place their lives on a pedestal?<br>If you claim to know the wind as your companion,<br>Then did you not once know freedom, too?|The Dawnlight Swordswoman, to [[Ragnvindr]]<ref name="BotS">{{Ref/Book|Ballads of the Squire}}</ref>}}
The '''Dawnlight Swordswoman''', also known as the '''Sword Dancer''', was a member of the [[Wanderer's Troupe (Faction)|Wanderer's Troupe]] who lived a thousand years ago during the twilight of [[Mondstadt]]'s [[Timeline|Aristocratic period]]. She was the original wielder of [[The Flute]].

==Story==
Because the Wanderer's Troupe took in people from all over [[Teyvat]], her origins are unknown. The Dawnlight Swordswoman first met with the [[Conductor]] and the [[Sojourner]], and later [[Kreuzlied]], with whom she formed the Wanderer's Troupe.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Goblet of the Sojourner}}</ref>

As a group, they both performed music and fought against the oppressive aristocracy. The Dawnlight Swordswoman wielded [[The Flute]] [[sword]]. Their final act was to storm the [[City of Mondstadt]] in an attempt to overthrow the Aristocracy. However, they failed and the Dawnlight was enslaved as a gladiator.<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Wanderer's Troupe}}</ref>

Despite losing all her hope and her friends, she continued to sing of freedom. Her words strengthened [[Ragnvindr]]'s resolve to fight against the aristocracy. She eventually died in the arena, which Ragnvindr witnessed. After her death, he buried her with her sword and adopted the title of "Dawn Knight" for himself after her own "Dawnlight."<ref name="BotS" /><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|The Flute|Lore}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Dawnlight Swordswoman
|zhs      = 宛若晨光的剑士
|zhs_rm   = Wǎnruò Chénguāng de Jiànshì
|zht      = 宛若晨光的劍士
|zht_rm   = Wǎnruò Chénguāng de Jiànshì
|zh_tl    = Dawnlight-Like Swordfighter
|ja       = 夜明けの光剣士
|ja_rm    = Yoake no Hikari Kenshi{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = Light Swordfighter of the Dawn
|ko       = 아침<->의 {{tt|검사|劍士}}
|ko_tl    = Swordfighter of the Morning
|es       = Espadachina de la Luz del Alba
|es_tl    = Dawnlight Swordswoman
|fr       = Épée du Matin
|fr_tl    = Sword of the Morning
|ru       = Рассветная воительница
|ru_tl    = Dawn Warrior
|ru_note  = {{ru|Воительница|tl=Warrior}} is a feminine noun.
|th       = นักดาบหญิงแห่งแสงอรุณ
|th_rm    = Nak dap ying haeng saengorun
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = {{tt|Kiếm Sĩ|劍士}} {{tt|Như|如}} {{tt|Ánh|映}} {{tt|Ban|班}} Mai
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Schwerttänzerin des Morgenlichts
|de_tl    = Sword Dancer of the Morning Light
|id       = Dawnlight Swordswoman
|pt       = Espadachim da Luz da Alvorada
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Seher Işığının Kılıç Ustası
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Spadaccina della Luce del mattino
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Espadachina de la Luz del Alba]]
[[ja:夜明けの光剣士]]
[[pt-br:Espadachim da Luz da Alvorada]]
[[th:Dawnlight Swordswoman]]