{{Character Infobox
|element          = Anemo
|title            = God of Storms
|title2           = Lord of the Tower
|title3           = Lord of Wind
|title4           = King of Gales<ref name="TTGM">{{Ref/Book|Teyvat Travel Guide|1|Mondstadt Chapter}}</ref>
|region           = Mondstadt
|image            = The Tower of Decarabian.png
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Killed by rebels around 2600 years prior to the game's events
|affiliation      = Gods
|affiliation2     = Decarabian's Mondstadt
}}
'''Decarabian''', also known as the God of Storms, the Lord of the Tower, and one of the Kings of Ice and Frost,<ref name="history book">{{Ref/Book|History of Kings and Clans: Prologue|q=Section 1, "The Stormlord of the Tower and the Kingwolf of Boreas" covers the struggle between the Kings of Ice and Frost prior to Barbatos' arrival.}}</ref> was a [[god]] who lived over 2600 years ago and founded the [[Decarabian's Mondstadt|nation of Mondstadt]]. He was particularly protective of his capital city, located in the area now known as [[Stormterror's Lair]], and enclosed it within a storm barrier after [[Andrius]] declared war on him.<ref name="DecaraFrag">{{Ref/Item|Fragment of Decarabian's Epic}}</ref>

His city was organized methodically and he thought his reign to be a good one. What he did not realize, however, was that his people were not content in their windy prison, and sought to see the world outside his storm barrier. They saw him as a tyrant and eventually rebelled in the name of freedom, putting an end to his reign. With his death at the hands of the rebels and Andrius' voluntary death,<ref name="SLoB">{{Ref/Item|Spirit Locket of Boreas}}</ref><ref name="BWN">{{Ref/Item|Boreal Wolf's Nostalgia}}</ref> the nameless wind spirit allied with the rebels ascended to godhood and became [[Barbatos]], the [[Anemo]] Archon of [[The Seven]].<ref name="Venti4">{{Ref/CS|Venti|4}}</ref>

==Story==
===Lord of the Tower===
Little to nothing is known about Decarabian's origins or his history before his war with [[Andrius]]. At the height of his civilization, his territory spread through the [[Brightcrown Mountains]] and [[Windwail Highland]] areas, with a major settlement around [[Cecilia Garden]].<ref group="Note">Major features of Decarabian-style ruins include triangular decorative motifs, geometric {{w|margent}}s, and an exaggerated {{w|cercelée}}. (See [[Decarabian's Mondstadt#Architecture and Design|Decarabian's Mondstadt § Architecture and Design]] for details.) Outside of Stormterror's Lair, such ruins can be found around Brightcrown Mountains, Cecilia Garden, and the southern Teleport Waypoint in Windwail Highland. However, it notably cannot be found around the [[Wolvendom]] part of Windwail Highland.</ref> Based on architectural evidence within Stormterror's Lair, his city used to lead outwards towards the northeast and northwest; the northeast gateway has since been blocked off by a mountain, while the waterway at the northwest gateway has been dammed, separating it from the rest of the river. This suggests that the city previously had contact with currently unexplorable regions of Teyvat, but was presumably closed off after the start of Decarabian's war with Andrius and the creation of the storm barrier.

===The Age of Kings===
Andrius and Decarabian's conflict was but one of many conflicts during the [[Archon War]]. In Mondstadt's history books, this period of Mondstadt's history came to be known as the Age of Kings, with the two gods referred to collectively as the Kings of Ice and Frost.<ref name="history book" /> It is unknown when they began fighting, but 3000 years ago the war had already begun,<ref name="BoG" /> so they were conflicting for more than 400 years before it ended 2600 years ago.<ref group="Note">If the founders of [[Sal Vindagnyr]] fled from Andrius and Decarabian's war, based on the [[Ancient Carvings|Ancient Carving]] that claims they sought a land "far from snow and strife," it had already begun when they found Vindagnyr (now [[Dragonspine]]). Sal Vindagnyr fell around the time that Khaenri'ah was being established. Meanwhile, [[Guizhong]], who died over 3700 years ago, collected Khaenri'ah machinery such as [[Ruin Guard]]s and [[Ruin Hunter]]s while she was alive. As a result, this puts Khaenri'ah's minimum age at approximately 4000 years old and, if the assumption about Sal Vindagnyr's establishment is correct, means the Age of Kings began long before that.</ref>

During the Age of Kings, the Land of the Wind was a giant frozen wasteland as a result of Boreas' power.<ref name="SLoB"/><ref>{{Ref/Item|Ring of Boreas}}</ref><ref group="Note">The Chinese descriptions for [[Ring of Boreas]] and [[Spirit Locket of Boreas]] suggest that Boreas did not willfully cause the blizzards, and they were instead a byproduct of his extreme power. The English translation says that the blizzards were "at the command of Boreas," which implies but does not necessarily mean that he deliberately caused them.</ref> To protect his city from the blizzards, Decarabian surrounded his capital city with a wind barrier that barred both exit and entry,<ref name="Venti3">{{Ref/CS|Venti|3}}</ref><ref group="Note">Although multiple sources say that his barrier did not allow anyone in or out, according to the [[Biography of Gunnhildr]], the [[Gunnhildr Clan]] somehow left the city after its leader, [[Gunnhildr]]'s father, grew discontent with Decarabian's rule.</ref> and was strong enough that not even Andrius and his immense power could land a scratch on it.<ref name="DecaraFrag" /> In Decarabian's eyes, he had given his subjects a city free from the bitter cold.<ref name="Venti4" />

But to his people, he was a cruel, selfish ruler who had locked them in. Decarabian's desire for control over his city led him to micromanage it to the point where every resident's living quarters was determined for them,<ref name="TTGM" /> and banned certain chords and tunes that might indicate any kind of resistance.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Song of Broken Pines}}</ref> Largely disconnected from his people, Decarabian did not seem to be malicious in his actions, but did not understand humanity and their needs. He believed that his people loved him as he loved them, though his understanding of love was not close to how humans experience it. At a point, he had even taken on a human lover named [[Amos]].<ref name="amos">{{Ref/Weapon|Amos' Bow}}</ref> However, she soon realized that he did not love her in the way she loved him. When looking down on his subjects, he believed they were bowing to him out of adoration, respect, and willing submission.<ref name="Venti3" /> However, his people were doing so not for the archon, but because the harsh winds in the capital had forced them to.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Scattered Piece of Decarabian's Dream}}</ref>

===Rebellion===
2600 years ago, frustration over Decarabian's rule laid the seeds of resistance. To avoid Decarabian's watchful gaze, the freedom-fighters used the "Windblume" as a symbol of solidarity.<ref name="Windblume Ode">{{Ref/Weapon|Windblume Ode}}</ref> Eventually, those seeds of resistance blossomed into a rebellion. It was led by a group determined to challenge Decarabian and liberate Mondstadt, consisting of the [[Nameless Bard]], the nameless wind spirit (or elf), Decarabian's former lover [[Amos]], a knight (whose identity varies),<ref group="Note">When [[Amos' Bow]] and ''The Boy and the Whirlwind'' trailer released, there were four leaders of the rebellion: the bard, the wind spirit, Amos, and the knight. Based on process of elimination, the red-haired man in the trailer was the knight. However, this created a discrepancy with the [[Biography of Gunnhildr]], in which Gunnhildr and her clan were mentioned as participants in the rebellion yet were not reflected in other material related to the rebellion. Much later, [[Freedom-Sworn]] revised the number of leaders to five and listed the red-haired warrior as the fifth, leaving the knight's identity a mystery.</ref> and a wandering [[Red-Haired Warrior]].<ref name="amos" /><ref name="TBaTW">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/S_V0TX6MyGw Story Teaser: The Boy and the Whirlwind]</ref><ref name="Freedom-Sworn">{{Ref/Weapon|Freedom-Sworn}}</ref>

Some years before the rebellion, the [[Gunnhildr Clan]] left the city after growing disillusioned with Decarabian's rule. As they struggled to survive the blizzards outside the city, [[Gunnhildr]]'s prayers were answered by a weak wind spirit who managed to gather enough power to give them a safe haven. This built the clan's faith in the wind spirit, and their faith then empowered the wind spirit even further. While this wind spirit is not identified, it may have been Barbatos.<ref group="Note">According to Venti's third character story, he was originally too weak to even hold a physical form. However, by the time of the rebellion, he was capable of creating a small sprite-like form, which suggests his power had increased.</ref> When the rebellion began, Gunnhildr and her clan participated on the side of the rebels.<ref name="BoG">{{Ref/Book|Biography of Gunnhildr}}</ref>

At some point, likely between the Gunnhildr Clan's departure from Mondstadt and the start of the rebellion, Andrius came to the conclusion that life in Mondstadt could not flourish so long as his powers engulfed the land in blizzards.<ref name="SLoB" /> This, combined with his belief that he could not be a good ruler for humanity and was thus unfit to become the Anemo Archon, led Andrius to choose death.<ref name="BWN" /> His physical form dissipated while his powers flowed into the land to protect it,<ref name="SLoB" /> putting an end to the blizzards in that encased the region of Mondstadt.<ref name="TBaTW" /> It is unclear whether Decarabian was aware of his nemesis' death or not, but the storm barrier still stood by the start of the rebellion.

The rebels emerged victorious as Decarabian was finally slain, his death detonating part of his tower. With the God of Storms' death, his barrier dispelled, revealing a clear blue sky as the rebels saw the world outside the city for the first time.<ref name="TBaTW" /> However, this victory came at a price: Amos<ref name="amos" /> and the Nameless Bard were among those who died in the fight against the old god.<ref name="Venti4" />

With both of the Mondstadt region's gods dead, the wind spirit ascended to godhood as [[Barbatos]], the [[Anemo]] Archon of [[The Seven]]. Barbatos used his newfound power to take the form of the Nameless Bard so he could play the lyre as the boy had,<ref name="Venti4" /> and may have taken up the bow in memory of Amos. While Gunnhildr celebrated Barbatos' ascension,<ref name="BoG" /> the Red-Haired Warrior was less pleased about the development and left the newborn god's side.<ref name="Windblume Ode" />

Barbatos reshaped the land of Mondstadt, blowing off the snow and ice with his winds and terraforming the land in the process.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Where Ancient Stars Align}}</ref> He and his people then moved to [[Cider Lake]] to create a new [[City of Mondstadt]], leaving Decarabian's City abandoned.

===Legacy===
When the Kingdom of [[Khaenri'ah]] prepared for a war against the gods, they developed the [[Field Tiller]], a prototype [[Ruin Guard]] with vast amounts of combat power. This Field Tiller engaged Andrius' spirit form in battle, where it was eventually heavily damaged by the King of Wolves and escaped to Decarabian's City. It took up residence in Decarabian's Tower, where for approximately a year after, it indiscriminately attacked anyone who approached the area. The people of Mondstadt of the time, bewildered by its missile attacks and unfamiliar with the technology it used, believed it to be Decarabian's doing and dubbed these incidents as the "Tyrant's Final Fury." After the Field Tiller ran out of power and ceased its attacks, people came to the conclusion that the fiery attacks could not have been the work of the God of Storms.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Dishonorable Trial}}</ref>

500 years ago, after being badly injured and poisoned by the dragon [[Durin]], [[Dvalin]] turned Decarabian's tower into its lair as it sought a place to recuperate. When Dvalin reawakened to a Mondstadt that had forgotten him and thus feared him, combined with the lingering pain from the poison, he was manipulated by the [[Abyss Order]] into thinking that Barbatos and Mondstadt betrayed him. His attacks on Mondstadt gave him the epithet "Stormterror," while Old Mondstadt became known as "Stormterror's Lair."

During the events of the [[Prologue]] Chapter of the [[Archon Quests]], the [[Traveler]], Venti, [[Diluc]], and [[Jean]] make their way to Stormterror's Lair and break the wind seals created by the [[Abyss Order]] to free Dvalin from the [[Abyss Order]]'s clutches.

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* There are indications that Decarabian, like Andrius, is linked to the story of the [[Timeline#Moon Sisters|three moon sisters]] who lived in ancient times, and may also be linked to the [[Abyss]]:
** The name of his city, ''Mondstadt'', is German for "Moon City."
** The top of Decarabian's tower resembles an {{w|observatory}}, used to observe celestial events.
** Decarabian's tower &mdash; which is already situated in a valley deep below the rest of Mondstadt's surface &mdash; stretches deep into the ground; attempting to reach the bottommost aboveground floor results in unique out-of-bounds dialogue from [[Paimon]], and you will be teleported to a nearby Wind Current.
* The Chinese version of [[Scattered Piece of Decarabian's Dream]]'s description refers to Decarabian as a {{zh|风神|tl=Wind God}}, which is a term typically translated as "Anemo Archon" in the English translation. As a result, the English version calls Decarabian an Anemo Archon even though he was not one of The Seven Archons; Barbatos, who ascended to godhood after Decarabian's fall, is the first and only Anemo Archon among The Seven.
* {{Character Furnishing Mentions}}

===Etymology===
* {{w|Decarabia}} is the name of the 69th demon of the ''Ars Goetia'', being a Marquis with 30 legions of demons under his service.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Decarabian
|zhs     = 迭卡拉庇安
|zhs_rm  = Diékǎlābìān
|zht     = 迭卡拉庇安
|zht_rm  = Diékǎlābìān
|ja      = デカラビアン
|ja_rm   = Dekarabian
|ko      = 데카라비안
|ko_rm   = Dekarabian
|es      = Decarabian
|fr      = Décabarian
|ru      = Декарабиан
|th      = Decarabian
|vi      = Decarabian
|de      = Decabarian / Decarabian
|id      = Decarabian
|pt      = Decarabian
|tr      = 
|it      = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[Category:Gods]]

[[de:Decarabian]]
[[es:Decarabian]]
[[fr:Décabarian]]
[[pl:Decarabian]]
[[pt-br:Decarabian]]
[[ru:Декарабиан]]
[[th:Decarabian]]