{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Deep Gallery's Bestowed Banquet.png
|set   = Finale of the Deep Galleries
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|A cup fashioned from northland jade. They say that the people of an ancient civilization once used it as a ceremonial vessel to make offerings to the heavens.}}
'''Deep Gallery's Bestowed Banquet''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Finale of the Deep Galleries]].

==Description==
Following her [[Surtalogi|master]]'s guidance, the [[Skirk|girl]] ventured northward, traversing the freezing wastelands and the corridor of fractured mirrors at the edge of the frozen sea.<br>Alone she walked through the ruins of the [[Spiral Abyss]], intent on finding the trail of the [[voyager]] that the magical swordmaster had spoken of... 

That was a time when the [[Aria, Sonnet and Canon|silver moonlight]] still showed mercy upon the lands of the far north, and the [[Angel|envoys]] of the [[Celestia|heavens]] still gazed down upon the dust and mud.<br>Having angered the divine envoys by questioning the progress of knowledge, the people of the [[Hyperborea|Golden City]] now argued endlessly amongst themselves as for how to quell their wrath.<br>The priests accused each other of sacrilege, of defiling the love, prosperity, and wisdom of the [[god]]s.<br>Amongst themselves, they sought to identify the chief culprit &mdash; for it was their intention that the one responsible for corrupting the people's minds would likewise be the one to appease the divine envoys.<br>Yet all of a sudden, a voice was heard...

"If sin comes from the pursuit of knowledge, then ignorance is the true doctrine; if from rebellion, then only the lamb is truly righteous."<br>"If sin must be atoned for with blood, why is it said to stem from humanity? If the laws are perfect and flawless, why fear the act of inquiry?"

It was merely a boy of humble birth who, having somehow slipped past the watchful guards, had stepped into the chamber where the priests had convened.<br>All of their scholarly accusations he refuted in turn, their charges of heresy reduced to naught but angry, speechless glares.<br>In that silent chamber, the chief priest who wore the [[Tiara of Frost|white-branched crown]] finally dismissed the guards who had rushed in.

"O heretical speaker &mdash; if, as your eloquent words would suggest, you truly hold that grievous sin is but the delusion of mere mortals..."<br>"...Then let you be the one to drink from this cup of burning wrath. Go to the [[Irminsul|ashen-silver tree]] and plead your case before the very envoys who have cast judgment upon us."

And so, the previously unknown youth ventured forth into the deepest recesses of the earth, seeking answers from the [[first angel]]...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Deep Gallery's Bestowed Banquet
|zhs      = 深廊的饫赐之宴
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 深廊的飫賜之宴
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 深廊の招宴
|ja_rm    = Shinrou no Shouen{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 깊은 회랑의 연회
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Gran Banquete del Corredor
|es_tl    = Corridor's Grand Banquet
|fr       = Banquet accordé des galeries profondes
|fr_tl    = Deep Galleries' Bestowed Banquet
|ru       = Ниспосланный пир галерей глубин
|ru_tl    = Deep Galleries' Heaven-Sent Banquet
|th       = Deep Gallery's Bestowed Banquet
|vi       = Yến Tiệc Hành Lang Sâu
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ehrenbankett der tiefen Korridore
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Deep Gallery's Bestowed Banquet
|pt       = Banquete do Corredor Profundo
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Derin Geçidin Bahşettiği Ziyafet
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Banchetto d'onore della Galleria profonda
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Finale of the Deep Galleries}}

[[fr:Banquet accordé des galeries profondes]]
[[ja:深廊の招宴]]
[[vi:Yến Tiệc Hành Lang Sâu]]