{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Deep Gallery's Moment of Oblivion.png
|set   = Finale of the Deep Galleries
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A pocket watch fashioned from northland jade. Its hands are forever frozen in the moment of its destruction.}}
'''Deep Gallery's Moment of Oblivion''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Finale of the Deep Galleries]].

==Description==
Following her [[Surtalogi|master]]'s guidance, the [[Skirk|girl]] ventured northward, traversing the freezing wastelands and the corridor of fractured mirrors at the edge of the frozen sea.<br>After slaying countless monsters that wandered the ruins, finally, before the golden tower, she caught a glimpse of treasure concealed beneath drifting snow.

That was an era now lost to memory, when the [[Hyperborea|city of the far north]] glittered like golden threads over the frozen wastelands,<br>And the furnaces of the deep galleries thundered day and night. Turning to forbidden methods, artisans forged countless [[Snowland Fae|fae spirits]] upon the bones of giant beasts.<br>Having spun fallen [[Aria, Sonnet and Canon|frostmoon]] light into flawless flesh and blood, they clad it to forms once frail and weak.<br>Such authority to create was once the [[Heavenly Principles|lord of the firmament]]'s divine prerogative, yet it was handed to mortals by the [[First Angel|rebellious envoy]], Who dreamed that one day, these little creatures might create a perfect being that could merge with the world.

Within the deep galleries, which still stood intact, the first angel whispered sweet dreams of the coming dawn to her [[Voyager|companion]]:<br>"I see a time when the earthly nations will yearn no longer for heavenly mercy."<br>"The cities they build will rise up to the clouds, higher even than the throne and the stars."<br>"I see humans sharing the vast sky with the [[gods]] they once revered."<br>"There will be no more tears, sorrow, or death, for all will be complete."

Yet in the end, such wild delusions and ambitions were brought down from [[Celestia|the heavens]], and with them fell [[Celestial Nail|deep blue crystal spikes]].<br>The fae shrieked as they turned into icy silver mist, and in the space of a single night, the splendor of the golden city was ruined by frost-laden winds.<br>The traitorous envoy was stripped of both name and form, and from that moment onward, a curse fell upon her kin:<br>If they dared gaze into another's eyes, and to one alone offer the love that was meant for all, Then not only would their divine beauty crumble into the wind, but their minds would fall to dust, Until from the fallen one's remains a [[Seelie]] would rise, forever drifting in search of fading memories to consume.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Deep Gallery's Moment of Oblivion
|zhs      = 深廊的湮落之刻
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 深廊的湮落之刻
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 深廊が埋もれる刻
|ja_rm    = Shinrou ga Umoreru Toki{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = Moment Hidden in the Deep Corridor
|ko       = 깊은 회랑의 소멸된 순간
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Momento Olvidado del Corredor
|es_tl    = Corridor's Forgotten Moment
|fr       = Moment d'oubli des galeries profondes
|fr_tl    = Deep Galleries' Moment of Oblivion	
|ru       = Часы забвения галерей глубин
|ru_tl    = Deep Galleries' Hours of Oblivion
|th       = Deep Gallery's Moment of Oblivion
|vi       = Thời Khắc Hành Lang Sâu
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Stunde des Untergangs der tiefen Korridore
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Deep Gallery's Moment of Oblivion
|pt       = Passagem do Corredor Profundo
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Derin Geçidin Yok Oluş Anı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Istante d'oblio della Galleria profonda
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Finale of the Deep Galleries}}

[[fr:Moment d'oubli des galeries profondes]]
[[ja:深廊が埋もれる刻]]
[[vi:Thời Khắc Hành Lang Sâu]]