{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Deep Gallery's Lost Crown.png
|set   = Finale of the Deep Galleries
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|A helmet steeped in obsession, just like the mind of its previous owner. Its jade ornamentation seems to come from an age more ancient still.}}
'''Deep Gallery's Lost Crown''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Finale of the Deep Galleries]].

==Description==
Following her [[Surtalogi|master]]'s guidance, the [[Skirk|girl]] ventured northward, traversing the freezing wastelands and the corridor of fractured mirrors at the edge of the frozen sea.<br>After slaying countless monsters that wandered the ruins, finally, through a tattered veil, she caught a glimpse of treasure concealed beneath drifting snow.

It was an age when the unknowing masses still bowed to the [[Celestia|sky]]'s decrees, when the dawn star's royal court still hung high above the clouds.<br>Magnificent, noble creations descended from the light itself, and the mortals &mdash; unable to look upon their true visages &mdash; called them [[angels]].<br>Their pale silver wings shimmered like moonlit flames; their heads were adorned with crowns of [[Element|sevenfold radiance]], wrought of the bones of the earth and the stars of the sky.<br>The name upon those crowns was the love promised unto all creatures by the [[Heavenly Principles|heavenly god]], or perhaps a mandate to rule over the [[nations]] of the earth.

"With all your heart, soul, and might, you shall love all the beings of this earth."<br>"You shall love as morning dew longs for the dawn, as seeds long for the tradewinds."

They were the most loyal servants in the heavenly court, flawless arbiters of justice.<br>They wove a veil for the great ruler of the [[False Sky|firmament]], delivering sacred revelations to all realms.<br>Such was the duty invested upon them at the moment of their creation, or so it should have been...

Until the [[first angel]] met an [[Voyager|unnamed youth]] beneath the [[Irminsul|silver tree]] in the far north,<br>And in those star-like pupils, saw a reflection of herself she had never yet known.<br>It was a love not inscribed by law, a freedom the skies would never permit.<br>As her heart fluttered for reasons she could not know, the eternal star-crown forged in love's name suddenly fractured;<br>And casting it into the snow beneath the silver tree, the dawn-maiden made her fateful vow:

"Come now, come... Let us recast these absurd laws with bone, and nourish the barren north with blood."<br>"Let us build a city and a tower that soars up to the clouds, that the people of the earth need weep bitter tears no longer."<br>"I cast this useless crown into the dust, that all earthly nations may breathe free of their shackles."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Deep Gallery's Lost Crown
|zhs      = 深廊的遂失之冕
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 深廊的遂失之冕
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 深廊の失われた冠
|ja_rm    = Shinrou ni Ushinawareta Kanmuri{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = Crown Lost in the Deep Corridor
|ko       = 깊은 회랑의 추락한 왕관
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Corona Perdida del Corredor
|es_tl    = Corridor's Lost Crown
|fr       = Couronne perdue des galeries profondes
|fr_tl    = Deep Galleries' Lost Crown
|ru       = Утраченная корона галерей глубин
|ru_tl    = Deep Galleries' Lost Crown
|th       = Deep Gallery's Lost Crown
|vi       = Vương Miện Hành Lang Sâu
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Verlorene Krone der tiefen Korridore
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Deep Gallery's Lost Crown
|pt       = Coroa Perdida do Corredor Profundo
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Derin Geçidin Kayıp Tacı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Corona perduta della Galleria profonda
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Finale of the Deep Galleries}}

[[fr:Couronne perdue des galeries profondes]]
[[ja:深廊の失われた冠]]
[[vi:Vương Miện Hành Lang Sâu]]