{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11012
|image         = Defender of Childhood Dreams.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Monoceros Caeli Chapter
|actNum        = I
|act           = Mighty Cyclops' Adventure!
|character     = Tartaglia
|part          = 3
|startLocation = [[Lingju Pass]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Lisha
|subarea       = Lingju Pass
|prev          = Teucer's Terrific Tour
|next          = 
|domain        = The Wonderful World Of Mr. Cyclops
|exp           = 725
|mora          = 44,000
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Guide to Freedom|5}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|10}}
|characters    = Andrei; Tartaglia; Paimon; Teucer; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Defender of Childhood Dreams''' is the third and final part of [[Tartaglia]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Monoceros Caeli Chapter]]: Act I - [[Mighty Cyclops' Adventure!]].

==Steps==
#Go to Liyue's Institute for Toy Research
#Enter the Institute for Toy Research
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[The Wonderful World Of Mr. Cyclops]]
#Protect Teucer, find a way to meet up with him
#Eliminate the Ruin Guard threat
#Find Childe and talk to him
#Talk to Teucer
#Return to [[Northland Bank]]
#Speak to the manager
#Talk to Childe

==Gameplay Notes==
{{Transclude|The Wonderful World Of Mr. Cyclops|Notes}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Though the process was winding and awkward, Childe proved able to conceal his identity from his brother. Before [[Teucer]] could return to Snezhnaya, Childe agreed to his final request &mdash; to tour Liyue's Institute for Toy Research. But in truth, that Institute is...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the Institute for Toy Research)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Here we are &mdash; welcome to Liyue's Institute of Toy Research.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Yeah, we're here! I can already hear the sounds of machinery inside. Awesome!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is this place? And how do you know about it?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Based on my limited understanding, I believe this is one of [[Dottore]]'s research facilities.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Dottore is another one of the Fatui Harbingers. He loves tinkering with old things, it's a... personal passion of his. So, he converted these ruins into a Ruin Guard research lab.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? So the Ruin Guards are built by the Fatui!?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' No. They have much closer connections to the [[Abyss]], so strictly speaking, they're as much our enemies as anyone else's... We just do research, nothing more.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' As to why the Ruin Guards have been moving outside of this area recently... I can only imagine that he's gotten bored of playing around with them, and has lost interest in this place.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, yet another Harbinger with a bad attitude!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But at least this explains why you were totally okay with bringing Teucer here. Seems you did your homework ahead of time.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Well... I wouldn't go quite that far. I actually have no idea what this place is like on the inside.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Wait, so... are you or are you not worried about your brother's safety?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Of course I am... But no matter what the danger is, I will parry it. Isn't that what any older brother would do?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Even Teucer understands that, now he knows what he's fighting for... It's the very same reason that has nestled in my own heart for so many years...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' What are you guys chatting about? Come on, let's go in!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 2 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha, alright. Follow me.
----
;(Inside the Institute for Toy Research)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Brother... someone was saying that Mr. Cyclops is a killing machine...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Were they, now? What a silly thing for them to say... And you shouldn't go repeating it either, Teucer, you're far too young to be talking about such violent topics.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Yeah, I knew that they were lying, anyways. Mr. Cyclops is here to defeat the bad guys and protect the world. He's my favorite toy!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Right. With Mr. Cyclops around, the bad guys won't ever get you.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Hee-hee, that's right! Okay, I'm going to go play with Mr. Cyclops now!
:;(Teucer runs into the Institute)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hey, Teucer, wait up...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;The door's shut! Will Teucer be alright?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' There's another path over there &mdash; let's move!

;(After activating the console)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Oh, the door opened! Was that you?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' That's right. But give me a moment over here, Teucer. I need to make sure that everything's safe...
:;(Teucer runs into the room)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' *sigh* Maybe I shouldn't have spoiled him quite so much.

;(Upon reaching the marked point next to the [[Door of Resurrection]])
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Those Ruin Guards have all been strung up. Where are they being taken to?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I don't know &mdash; but if there's a chance it's where Teucer is, we need to stop this before things get ugly.

;(Upon reaching the next console)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Teucer, see that big stone cube in front of you? I need your help.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 teucer 07.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Yay! Do I really get to help my big brother out?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You bet. Now, I'll count down from three, and then we touch it together. Ready? Three... two... one...

;(In the room with lasers)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 teucer 05.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Ah, that's bright! What is that?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' It's a Witch-Ray that will turn you into a little lamb if it hits you &mdash; so stay out of its way!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 4 teucer 06.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...That's scary...

;(Reunite with Teucer)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Phew, back together at last. You're not hurt, are you, Teucer?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Hurt? No way. This was really fun!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fun for you, maybe &mdash; we were all scared to death...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' What's over there... Wow, this room is huge! Is this where Mr. Cyclops takes his friends when they come to visit?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' It is. Impressive, isn't it? Now, how about a little game of hide-and-seek?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Uh... Now? But...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hehe... I have a surprise for you, you know.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' A surprise! What sort of surprise?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Don't worry, you'll have the chance to look for it later. But before that, you have to close your eyes, turn around, and count down from 60.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 teucer 05.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Okay... 60 is a really long time, though.

;(Teucer keeps his eyes closed while Childe fights off the Ruin Guards in the next room)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 teucer 06.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...60, 59, 58...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' There's not much time. Let's clear all these hazards out.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 teucer 07.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...48, 47, 46, 45...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 teucer 08.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...Are you guys okay? What's all that crashing and banging?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Don't worry, it's all part of the surprise!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 teucer 10.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...16, 12, 10...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hey, no cheating! You skipped a few numbers, you little rascal!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 teucer 11.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Hehe, you noticed. Alright, alright... 15, 14, 13...

;(After clearing the room or when the time is almost up, a short cutscene plays)
:;(Three more Ruin Guards are brought in by the conveyor and are activated)
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...3...
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...2...
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...1...
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Okay, you ready?
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Give me another ten seconds, Teucer... Still hiding...
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 05.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Now who's the cheater!
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 06.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Alright, ten seconds, that's it...
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Ha...
:;(Childe uses his Foul Legacy Transformation to defeat the Ruin Guards)
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 07.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...10...
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 08.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...9...
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 09.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...8...
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 10.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...7...
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 11.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...6...
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 12.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...5...
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 13.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...4...
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 14.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...3...
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 15.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...2...
::{{A|vo gzlq003 8 cs teucer 16.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...1... Coming, ready or not!
:;(Just as Childe finishes off the Ruin Guards, Teucer turns around and sees all the defeated Ruin Guards)
:;(Cutscene ends)

;(Teucer runs into the room with the defeated Ruin Guards)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' This... This is everything I've ever dreamed of! It's Mr. Cyclops world!
:{{DIcon}} This is the surprise your brother prepared for you!
:{{DIcon}} Mr. Cyclops is the coolest!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... He actually pulled it off! And the way he knocked those Ruin Guards around was like they really were kids' toys...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon wonders if he'll be alright after using [[Foul Legacy Transformation]] again...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 teucer 02.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Awesome! Hee-hee!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Boy, if these Mr. Cyclops weren't so big, I'd sure love to take one home.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Wait... Where'd he go? Where'd my brother go?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aren't you guys supposed to be playing hide-and-seek?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 teucer 05.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Oh, that's right! I was so excited that I forgot all about our game!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 teucer 06a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo gzlq003 6 teucer 06b.ogg}}--> '''Teucer:''' Well {{MC|mister|lady|mc=1}}, let's look for him together, okay?

----
;(Teucer runs around the room of defeated Ruin Guards)
:'''Teucer:''' Where is brother hiding?<!--overworld speech bubble-->

;(Talk to Childe in the northwest corner in a room nearby)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' It's a good thing that you two found me first... Looks like using the Foul Legacy Transformation while I was still injured took more out of me than I'd thought...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I've no idea what I'd do if Teucer saw me like this &mdash; look at me, deflated as a burst balloon...
:{{DIcon}} You're not afraid that I might end you right here?
::{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 03a 1.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha! As I recall, you have siblings too, yes?
::{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 03a 2.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I figured that you probably wouldn't take me out in front of my little brother.
::{{A|vo gzlq003 6 paimon 04a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really milking this situation, huh?
:{{DIcon}} Was this worth the effort?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Like I said... I can never pass on an opportunity to test my limits.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' And that's why I, Tartaglia, am always getting stronger. *chuckles*
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Anyway, childhood dreams are all too easily shattered. Even if you just leave them be, they will fall to pieces all by themselves.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' So, someone has to protect them, right?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' If you make a promise, you keep it, if you make a mistake, you apologize...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' And if you give someone a dream, you defend it to the end...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' That is what family is all about, isn't it?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Aha... Remind you of something, did I?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 12.ogg}} '''Childe:''' *cough* Ugh...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Quit the tough guy act, already! You need to see a doctor right away, mister!
:;(Childe gets up from his sitting position)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 13.ogg}} '''Childe:''' A fine suggestion, but first... I have a little something for Teucer. Please give it to him on my behalf.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh, is this... a Mr. Cyclops action figure?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 14.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Indeed. I had it made to order by a smith some time back. I had intended to give it to him on my return to Snezhnaya, but it seems that it would make a better souvenir at this point.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... Now Paimon thinks about it, Childe's family are really lucky to have him, aren't they?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 15.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hah. I'll also need you to explain my abrupt departure to Teucer.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 16.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You'll help me out, won't you?
:{{DIcon}} "You make a pinkie promise, you keep it all your life..."
:{{DIcon}} ...I break a pinkie promise, I get thrown on the ice...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 17.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hahaha... "The cold will kill the pinkie that once betrayed your friend, the frost will freeze your tongue off so you never lie again."
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 18.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Ah, that nursery rhyme brings back so many delightful memories. Teucer taught you that one, did he?
:{{DIcon}} Go in peace.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 6 tartaglia 19.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...Alright. Thank you.
:;(Obtain [[Mr. Cyclops Action Figure]])

;(Talk to Teucer)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 7 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' I can't find him anywhere... where did he go...
:{{DIcon}} I found your brother a moment ago.
::{{A|vo gzlq003 7 teucer 02a.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Really? Where is he?
::{{DIcon}} A huge number of people suddenly wanted to buy Mr. Cyclopses!
:{{DIcon}} He's already headed back.
::{{A|vo gzlq003 7 teucer 02b.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' What? Why... why would he leave without me?
::{{DIcon}} A huge number of people suddenly wanted to buy Mr. Cyclopses!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;Yeah, so he had to leave in a real hurry. He didn't abandon you here on purpose.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 7 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Oh... Th&mdash;That's great!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 7 teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' But still, I was kinda hoping we could play here a little longer...
:{{DIcon}} This is for you. From your brother.
:{{DIcon}} Mr. Cyclops will keep you company in his stead.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 7 teucer 05.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Wow! Look at this!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 7 teucer 06.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' I never knew that they made Mr. Cyclopses in this size!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 7 teucer 07.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Look, it even has my name on it! It's my very own Mr. Cyclops!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're really loving it, huh?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 7 teucer 08.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' You bet! My brother is the best big brother ever!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You had a tour of Liyue, met your brother, visited the Institute of Toy Research, and got yourself a souvenir... Now that's what we tour guides call the perfect trip.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think you're ready to head back to Snezhnaya now?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 7 teucer 09.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Hehe... Don't worry, I know I can't get my way all the time. That'd just be annoying for everyone else.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 7 teucer 10.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' So... let's go!
----
;(Enter the Northland Bank)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 andrei 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo gzlq003 9 andrei 01b.ogg}} '''Andrei:''' {{MC|Sir|Ma'am|mc=1}}, young master Teucer, I've been waiting for you.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did Childe send you?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 andrei 02.ogg}} '''Andrei:''' That's correct. Master Childe instructed me to arrange for young master Teucer's return trip. Please come this way...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 teucer 01.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Who're you? My big brother always tells me never to go off with strangers!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But you've been following us around this whole time...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 teucer 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo gzlq003 9 teucer 02b.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Yeah, that's because I've known who you are all along, {{MC|Mr. Nice Guy|Ms. Nice Lady|mc=1}}.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... What?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 teucer 03.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' My brother told us all about you in a letter he sent back home. Sister [[Tonia]] read it to me.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 teucer 04.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' I actually recognized you the moment I saw you. I just... couldn't remember your name.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a strange twist of fate.
:{{DIcon}} It was a pleasure meeting you too, Teucer.
::{{A|vo gzlq003 9 teucer 05a.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Hee-hee...
:{{DIcon}} Your brother didn't say anything bad about me, did he?
::{{A|vo gzlq003 9 teucer 05b.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Not at all. In fact, he said that if he ever had the chance, he'd quit his job and join you on your adventures!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 andrei 03.ogg}} '''Andrei:''' Young master Teucer, the boat to Snezhnaya will dock soon. We'd best prepare for boarding.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 teucer 06.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Gee, time really flies when you're having fun...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 teucer 07a.ogg}} {{A|vo gzlq003 9 teucer 07b.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Well then, see you, {{MC|Mr. Nice Guy|Ms. Nice Lady|mc=1}}!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 teucer 08.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' I'll wait for you back home. You definitely, definitely have to come visit Snezhnaya sometime!
:{{DIcon}} You have a deal!
::{{A|vo gzlq003 9 teucer 09a.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Pinkie promise?
:{{DIcon}} Wanna make a pinkie promise!
::{{A|vo gzlq003 9 teucer 09b.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Yeah! Pinkie promise, pinkie promise!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You make a pinkie promise, you keep it all your life. You break a pinkie promise, Paimon throws you on the ice. The cold will kill the pinkie that once betrayed your friend, the frost will freeze your tongue off so you never lie again.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 teucer 10.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' Hee-hee... It's a promise, then!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bye-bye, Teucer! Have a safe trip~!

;(After Teucer leaves)
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hey.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Childe? So you were here this whole time. What are you hiding for? Why didn't you come and say goodbye?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Partings are special moments. If he spent his final moments in Liyue seeing me all haggard and weak like this... That's not a memory I want him to leave with.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Still, it is a shame that I couldn't see him off by myself...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' *sigh* I should have been the one taking him back. I do have subordinates to escort him, but I still feel a little uneasy.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Geez, don't you think you've spoiled him enough already?
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha. I can't quite explain it, but somehow I felt much more at ease leaving him in your care. And to think that not long ago, we...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Ah, yes. I almost forgot. Remuneration for your services &mdash; which I really couldn't have done without this time.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aha, so you do have a heart after all!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' One other thing: don't forget our promise, now. Let's have a rematch when we get the chance.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' &mdash;This time, with my honor as a Harbinger on the line.
:{{DIcon}} I'm looking forward to it.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not gonna lose to you.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You'd best go rest up first! Don't come crying to us when you lose all over again!
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hahaha... Regardless of who wins or loses our next bout, I'd also like to invite you over to my home.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I'll introduce you to my other siblings, Tonia and [[Anthon]]. They're great kids, and I'm very proud of them both.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll take you up on that offer! Mostly because we already made a pinkie promise to Teucer.
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha, I'm sure that he'll be very excited to see you too. Well, that settles it. I'm looking forward to it, now...
:{{A|vo gzlq003 11 tartaglia 12.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Farewell, my friends &mdash; till we meet again, in Snezhnaya.
{{Dialogue end}}<!--

==Trivia==
* Unused voice over:
**:{{A|vo gzlq003 5 teucer 09.ogg}} '''Teucer:''' ...30, 29, 28...-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Defender of Childhood Dreams
|zhs     = 童话里的守梦人
|zhs_rm  = Tónghuà Lǐ de Shǒumèngrén
|zht     = 童話裡的守夢人
|zht_rm  = Tónghuà Lǐ de Shǒumèngrén
|zh_tl   = The Dream-Protector in the Fairy Tale
|ja      = 童話の夢を守る人
|ja_rm   = Douwa no Yume wo Mamoru Hito
|ja_tl   = Fairy Tale Dream-Protector
|ko      = 동화 속의 꿈을 지키는 자
|ko_rm   = Donghwa Sok-ui Kkum-eul Jikineun Ja
|ko_tl   = The Dream-Protector in the Fairy Tale
|es      = El defensor de los sueños de la infancia
|es_tl   = The Guardian of the Childhood Dreams
|fr      = Rêves d'enfant
|fr_tl   = Child's Dreams
|ru      = На страже детских фантазий
|ru_tl   = Guarding Children's Fantasies
|th      = ผู้พิทักษ์ฝันในเทพนิยาย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Người Giữ Mộng Trong Thần Thoại
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verteidiger von Kindheitserinnerungen
|de_tl   = Defender of Childhood Memories
|id      = Pelindung Mimpi Anak Kecil
|id_tl   = Defender of Children's Dreams
|pt      = Defensor dos Sonhos de Infância
|pt_tl   = Defender of Childhood Dreams
|tr      = Çocukluk Hayallerinin Koruyucusu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Difendere i sogni d'infanzia
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}