{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Defiled Statue.png
|group        = Location Terminology
|region       = Liyue
|quest        = Involuntary Sacrifice
}}
The '''Defiled Statue''' is a [[Statue of The Seven]] found along with an [[Abyss Herald]] in the ruins around [[Mt. Aocang]], inside the [[Call of the Abyss]] domain.

==Profile==
The Defiled Statue was originally a Statue of The Seven devoted to [[Barbatos]]. However, it was eventually stolen in an unknown incident, after which [[Mondstadt]]'s people began telling stories about '''The Lost Statue of The Seven'''.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Dishonorable Trial}}</ref> After being stolen, the statue had been corrupted by [[Chlothar]], who used his experiences with the Abyss to corrupt the statue.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Portended Fate}}</ref>

Unlike the other statues, it is hung upside down by chains and the elemental object in its hands has been corrupted and is surging with abyssal energy, giving it a notable resemblance to [[Vedrfolnir]]. The [[Abyss Order]] tasked an [[Abyss Herald]] with protecting the statue from interlopers.

Sometime after [[Osial]] was defeated, a group of [[Treasure Hoarders]] banded together to distract the Abyss Order while sending a single thief, the [[Grand Thief]], to infiltrate and steal any valuables. Due to untold circumstances, the Grand Thief met his demise.<ref group="Note">It is heavily implied that the Grand Thief did not die from external injuries, despite their proximity to the Abyss Herald. Therefore, it may only be presumed that they died to overexposure to Abyssal Energy surrounding the area, or alternatively some other force of nature (such as Vedrfolnir, which may explain why the Grand Thief was in a worshiping position, given that the Defiled Statue was tainted by [[Chlothar|Chlothar Alberich]])</ref> The statue and the Grand Thief's kneeling corpse would later be discovered by the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Involuntary Sacrifice}}</ref>

Later, [[Dainsleif]] decodes a talisman from an [[Abyss Mage]], concluding that the Order planned to use the Defiled Statue to create a mechanized god. They would replace the core the statue usually held with the eye of the first [[Field Tiller]] and then attach [[Osial]]'s limbs to the arms of the statue. This way, they would create a machine to "topple the divine thrones of Celestia."<ref name="herald">{{Ref/Quest|A Herald Without Adherents}}</ref>

Dainsleif then plans to destroy the inverted statue to prevent the Abyss Order from creating their mechanized weapon. When they return to the ruins, the Traveler meets their sibling in front of the inverted statue.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Soul Set Apart}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Defiled Statue
|zhs     = 「污秽逆位神像」
|zhs_rm  = "Wūhuì Nìwèi Shénxiàng"
|zht     = 「污穢逆位神像」
|zht_rm  = "Wūhuì Nìwèi Shénxiàng"
|zh_tl   = "Defiled Inverted God Statue"
|ja      = 「穢れた逆さ神像」
|ja_rm   = "Kegareta Sakasa Shinzou"{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = "Defiled Inverted God Statue"
|ko      = 「뒤집힌 {{tt|불결|不潔}}한 {{tt|신상|神像}}」
|ko_rm   = "Dwijipin Bulgyeol-han Sinsang"
|ko_tl   = "Inverted Unclean God Statue"
|es      = Estatua profanada
|es_tl   = Profaned Statue
|fr      = Statue profanée
|fr_tl   = Profaned Statue
|ru      = Осквернённая статуя
|ru_tl   = Defiled Statue
|th      = Defiled Statue
|vi      = {{tt|Tượng|像}} {{tt|Thần|神}} {{tt|Ô Uế|污穢}}
|vi_tl   = Defiled God Statue
|de      = Entweihte Statue
|de_tl   = Desecrated Statue
|id      = Patung Ternoda
|id_tl   = Stained Statue
|pt      = Estátua Profanada
|pt_tl   = Profaned Statue
|tr      = Kirli Heykel
|tr_tl   = Defiled Statue
|it      = Statua dissacrata
|it_tl   = 
}}

== Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Change History ==
{{Change History|1.4}}

== References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Estatua Profanada]]
[[fr:Statue des Sept perdue]]
[[ja:「穢れた逆さ神像」]]