{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Dehya
|id             = 368164
|image          = Character Dehya Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Dehya''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} The desert...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Mercenaries...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} A make-up box...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} A trip to the tavern...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Weapon maintenance...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Nothing to do right now...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Got a good commission?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo dehya mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'll admit it's cozy here, but there's not a whole lot to do... I'm already getting bored...
:{{A|vo dehya mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Oh? Look who finally showed up. Any chance you've got an exciting gig for me, (Traveler)?

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Gladly, beats standing here twiddling my thumbs.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hmm... Hey, do you know about the siltwater lakes in the desert?
::{{DIcon}} Are they like the ones at Sobek Oasis?
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Uh, not exactly.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Siltwater lakes usually appear farther inside the desert. According to some very tall tales, they're believed to be Al-Ahmar's blessings.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Legend has it that when his followers got lost in the desert, Al-Ahmar would command the underground rivers to rise to the surface, forming lakes for the trapped to quench their thirst...
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But it's just an urban legend.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' The water in siltwater lakes does originate from groundwater, but it's too bitter to be used for drinking.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Besides, these lakes only exist for a short time before they're buried by sand, so you can't use them as landmarks.
::{{DIcon}} So do they have any purpose?
::{{DIcon}} Other than being treated as tourist attractions...
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I heard that the Adventurers' Guild did once receive a commission related to siltwater lakes.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' As for what the commission was about... I guess some outlanders who were visiting Sumeru wanted to visit the desert and see these lakes for themselves.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' So, they hired a group of experienced Guild adventurers to escort them through the desert.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' After that... Well, some say the Adventurers' Guild has never accepted similar commissions ever since.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You mean here? Uh, I can't think of anything in particular...
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If I had to pick something, I guess I'd like to explore this place thoroughly.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I mean, this is my first time inside a teapot. I doubt anyone would believe me if I told them.
::{{DIcon}} What do you usually do in your spare time?
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Maintain my weapons, check my next job, sneak in a quick nap.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If there's still time to burn, I'll grab a few drinks at the city tavern, but I usually don't have that much free time.
::{{DIcon}} Being a merc isn't easy...
::{{DIcon}} You're overworking yourself...
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' That's life for ya. Everyone's stressed out one way or another, and there's no escaping it.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Even more so for mercs &mdash; we're looking for our next job before we even finish our current one.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' With so many competitors in this line of work, laziness will only net you an empty stomach.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hahaha, okay, enough serious talk. Days off are few and far between, so it'd be a waste not to unwind while I still can.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hmm... Why don't you show me around and introduce me to the others here?
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Especially that little bird named Tubby. Looks like she has her own teapot, what's up with that?

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Dehya.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You look like you're raring to go. Not surprising, given how comfy this place is. I slept like a log last night.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I usually get woken up by random loud noises, so it was a surprise to wake up naturally this morning. To be honest, it's quite an unfamiliar experience.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Dehya.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Time for you to turn in already? Off you go, then. I'll be looking around some more.
::{{A|vo dehya mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I know you said it's perfectly safe here, but to go to bed without someone on lookout... I don't think I'm used to that yet.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===The Traveling Troop's Pomp===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm dehya barracks 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Mercs camping in the wild rely on banners and weapon racks to protect themselves.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm dehya barracks 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Normally, any reasonable merc will know to keep their distance when they see another group's banner.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm dehya barracks 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' However, if a not-so-reasonable person insists on approaching, that's when the weapon racks come in handy.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Fervid Aroma===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm dehya kabobrestaurant 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Did you really shove an entire kebab shop in here? It's got everything: tools, equipment, even a table and chairs.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm dehya kabobrestaurant 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Since you've got everything ready... I say, let grill master Dehya take it from here.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm dehya kabobrestaurant 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' What? I can't hunt any of the animals here? Okay, fine. Then I'm gonna head out and find some fresh meat.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}