{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 04023
|image         = Archon Quest Deluge of Wrathful Waters.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = IV
|act           = Masquerade of the Guilty
|actNum        = V
|part          = 1
|characters    = Cannes; Isadora; Melus; Monglane; Navia; Neuvillette; Paimon; Sedene; Sigewinne; Silver; Arlecchino; Traveler; Wriothesley
|startLocation = [[Administrative Area]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Liffey Region
|subarea       = Administrative Area
|poi           = 
|prev          = A Moment's Respite
|next          = Meeting Is Also Parting
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*875;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7;"A New Life's Beginning"*1
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Deluge of Wrathful Waters|chapter=4|act=5|part=1}}

==Steps==
# Wait until the next day (08:00 &ndash; 12:00)
# Return to the dormitories
# Talk to the receptionist
# Go to the office
# Go to the [[Palais Mermonia]]
# Go to [[Poisson]]
# Look for [[Navia]] in Poisson
# Continue looking for Navia
# Go to the cemetery

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing step 8 grants the {{Achievement|The Gulls Once Wept}}
* If the player has started {{Quest|The Remains of the Past Day}}, they will need to complete the quest up to ''[[In a New Light]]'' to continue progressing with the Archon Quest.
* Starting this quest will lock players out of [[Yvette]]'s dialogue reward and [[Hinterman]]'s shop.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|This is the day you get out of prison, and you proceed to complete the paperwork for your release as arranged.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the beds in the dormitories)
:{{Black Screen|Some time has passed since the incident in the Fortress of Meropide, and your sentence here is almost finished.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq301 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh... Now for a little rest after breakfast... This is the life~
:{{A|vo fdaq301 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a sec, isn't something important supposed to happen today...?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Today's our big day! We're supposed to leave the Fortress of Meropide! C'mon, we've gotta go complete the release procedures now.

;(Talk to Monglane)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 2 monglane 01.ogg}} '''Monglane:''' Please sign here. This document will be effective immediately upon signing and you two may exit the Fortress of Meropide via the regular channels.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's been so long since we've been to the surface, let's hurry up and&mdash;
:;(The Fortress shakes)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 2 monglane 02.ogg}} '''Monglane:''' Ah? What's happening...?
:{{DIcon}} Are you okay?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 2 monglane 03.ogg}} '''Monglane:''' I'm fine, thanks... But I wonder what that tremor was just now.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go ask the Duke.
:;(Obtain {{Item|"A New Life's Beginning"}})
----
;(Approach Wriothesley)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your Grace~!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Ah, good to see you two. Is there something you wish to see me about?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! What was with that earthquake just now?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Ah, that. The tremor didn't originate from the seafloor... in fact, it seems it came from the surface.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Over the years of serving as the warden here, I've developed a sense for distinguishing between what occurs on the surface and what occurs underwater. Besides, the seal that Monsieur Neuvillette set in place won't fail so easily.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the Fortress is okay?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' If you recall our last incident, if there really were a problem, there would be crowds of inmates in a panic right about now.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh. You've got a point... Okay, seems we need to get back up to the surface and ask about what happened.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, do you know what day it is today?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I believe today is this month's pipe-cleaning day.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, seriously!?
:{{DIcon}} Actually, today is the day we say goodbye to the Fortress.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Ah, yes. Have you completed your release papers?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Ah, it's you two! Are you leaving now?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! Today is our last day in prison... But now that Paimon says that, it doesn't feel like we were confined here. It's actually been pretty nice.
:{{DIcon}} A lot of people have helped us out.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah. Paimon feels fond of this place now.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Then be sure to come back and visit! I'll miss you.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' If you've signed the release papers, then you're free to go. The guards will escort you out.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're not going to see us off?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Heh, I knew you would ask... Alright, sure. Let's go.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you actually agreed... No worries, you must be busy. Paimon was just joking...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Ah, so you do have a polite side, I see.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' After being down here for so long, I imagine you must feel like you're lacking companionship... Shall I come along too?
:{{DIcon}} No, that's alright. It's not like we'll never visit again.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, don't worry, we'll come back to see you! Paimon really likes the cafeteria here &mdash; the chefs sure do know how to make good grub.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I hope you won't be here as convicts the next time I see you.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll do our best to stay out of trouble!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, it seems our work in the Fortress of Meropide is finished. That's the end of another chapter in our journey. And since Neuvillette was the one who asked us to come here...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should probably go report to him now. Next stop, the Palais Mermonia!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 sigewinne 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' You're going to go see Monsieur Neuvillette? Haha, please pass on our kind regards.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 wriothesley 11.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I'm sure just your regards will do, no?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 sigewinne 05.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I believe it would be the polite thing to do.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 wriothesley 12.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You're right... I've heard the Palais has been terribly busy these days. Tell him that I hope he hasn't been overwhelmed by the recent string of troubles.

;(Talk to Wriothesley or Sigewinne again, optional)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 wriothesley 13.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' If you're concerned about things at the Palais, why don't you take some time to go up and check things out?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 wriothesley 14.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I believe you should still have some vacation time to spend.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 sigewinne 06.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Ah, thank you for being so understanding. It means a lot!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 3 sigewinne 07.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' It's been some time since I've gone to the surface &mdash; I must say that I've started to miss it a little.
----
;(Approach Neuvillette's office)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Palais Mermonia sure is buzzing with activity today...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 sedna 01.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' Halt! Huh? Oh, it's you two! Apologies, Monsieur Neuvillette did say that you'd be welcome at any time...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 isadora 01.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' Excuse me, would you mind helping me take a look at this report?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 sedna 02.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' I'll be right there. Sorry, I've got my hands full here... You can see yourselves in.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Everyone's so busy. Seems a lot has been happening...
:;(The Traveler and Paimon enter Neuvillette's office)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Neuvillette~!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Hello. You've come at the right time, but you'll have to wait for just a moment, as there are some urgent matters I must tend to first.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' In the meantime, please, have a seat. If you'd like to have something to drink, let the Melusine outside know.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's alright, we just ate.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Very well, then.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's take a break over there while we wait for him to finish his work.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Alright, that should wrap things up for now.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you done with your work?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Yes, sorry to keep you waiting.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Today should be the day you were released from the Fortress of Meropide, and it appears that you've managed to complete all the release paperwork.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right, and we came here to see you right away.
:{{Black Screen|You and Paimon tell Neuvillette everything that happened since the Primordial Sea incident, as well as your dream regarding Childe...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Hmm, a massive whale...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you have any idea what that might be?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Judging from your description, that cannot have occurred in any ordinary waters, but rather, something like the Primordial Sea.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' A whale of that size and shape cannot usually be found in the waters of Teyvat. Therefore... We can only assume that Childe is presently immersed in Primordial Seawater.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Immersed in Primordial Seawater? But how?&nbsp;...And is he okay?
:{{DIcon}} He's not from Fontaine, so he won't dissolve.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, true... But how did he end up in the Primordial Sea? Can people even get there?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Most people wouldn't be capable of entering in the first place. I'm not completely sure how he could have gotten there, myself.
:{{DIcon}} There's something we'd like to ask you about.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 12.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Yes, what is it?
:{{DIcon}} What was that tremor we felt earlier?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah right, Paimon felt it too!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We asked the Duke, and he said it wasn't from underwater, so we figured you might know something about it.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 13.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It turns out that I have just received a report about this particular matter. In fact, that's exactly what I was busy with a moment ago.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 14.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The source of the tremor was here on the surface, near Poisson. After the shaking stopped, the water levels in the Poisson area rose at an alarming rate.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The water levels rose? Oh no &mdash; what about all the people there?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 15.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Fortunately, the water levels only rose for a short period of time, and have already returned to normal now. However, I still have a bad feeling about the whole phenomenon...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 16.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' If the change in water levels is connected with the leaking Primordial Seawater, then the situation in Poisson may be much worse than it appears.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Navia should be in Poisson, right? We need to go check on her!
:{{DIcon}} Yes, Spina di Rosula's headquarters is there.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 17.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I would also like to go there as soon as possible, but I'm afraid I can't leave just yet. We must immediately formulate disaster prevention plans for the surrounding coastal areas to avoid potential catastrophes.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 18.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I'll have to ask you two to go to Poisson first. I'll meet you there to check on the situation once I've finished things here.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a plan.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's no time to lose &mdash; let's get going!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 19.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Please be careful.

;(Talk to Neuvillette again, optional)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 4 neuvillette 20.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The two of you have my thanks. If you need any help, just let me know.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|It's time to leave prison, and you proceed to complete the paperwork for your release as arranged. Afterwards, you meet with Neuvillette, and learn of the disaster in Poisson from him...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Poisson)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no... What happened here...?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (All the buildings here seem to be in pretty rough shape now...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (There's nobody around... Were they all dissolved? No, let's not assume the worst yet...)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Navia should be around here, right? We need to make sure she's still... Uh, Paimon means, we need to check on her!

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We haven't seen a single soul all the way here... Ohh, this is getting scary!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 victimcitizena 01.ogg}} '''Disaster Victim (M):''' Ah! What will I ever do now!?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, there's someone on the roof over there!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 rosethronmembera 01.ogg}} '''Spina di Rosula Member:''' Just stay put, we're coming up. Watch your balance!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 victimcitizena 02.ogg}} '''Disaster Victim (M):''' Ah, alright... Just hurry!
:;(The Traveler and Paimon continue to look around Poisson)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 cannes 01.ogg}} '''Desyree's Father:''' *sigh* I'm not young anymore... How will I survive on my own?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 cannes 02.ogg}} '''Desyree's Father:''' *sobbing* Oh, my Desyree...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* He looks pretty sad.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 victimcitizenb 01.ogg}} '''Disaster Victim (F):''' My leg... Ah, my leg...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 victimcitizenb 02.ogg}} '''Disaster Victim (F):''' How could this have happened... Ah, it hurts...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 rosethronmemberb 01.ogg}} '''Spina di Rosula Member:''' Just hang in there! Help is on the way! You can hold my hand if it makes you feel better.

;(Talk to Disaster Victim <nowiki>(M)</nowiki>, optional)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 victimcitizena 03.ogg}} '''Disaster Victim (M):''' Oww! Don't move me, don't move me! I&mdash;I'm scared... Give me some space...

;(Talk to Cannes, optional)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 cannes 01.ogg}} '''Desyree's Father:''' *sigh* I'm not young anymore... How will I survive on my own?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 cannes 02.ogg}} '''Desyree's Father:''' *sobbing* Oh, my Desyree...

;(Talk to Disaster Victim <nowiki>(F)</nowiki>, optional)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 victimcitizenb 01.ogg}} '''Disaster Victim (F):''' My leg... Ah, my leg...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 victimcitizenb 02.ogg}} '''Disaster Victim (F):''' How could this have happened... Ah, it hurts...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 5 rosethronmemberb 01.ogg}} '''Spina di Rosula Member:''' Just hang in there! Help is on the way! You can hold my hand if it makes you feel better.

;(Approach Navia)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's Navia! She's over there!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Navia! Are you okay?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You're here.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We heard there was a situation in Poisson, so we came as quickly as we could.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yes... As you can see, the water levels suddenly rose &mdash; it caused quite the disturbance, in fact.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 rosethronmemberc 01.ogg}} '''Spina di Rosula Member:''' Demoiselle! There was a wounded resident next to a building southeast of here. We've already transported him to safety, but we've run out of medical supplies.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' He's wounded? How badly?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 rosethronmemberc 02.ogg}} '''Spina di Rosula Member:''' He fell, so it's probably a broken leg. He's pretty shaken up. When the water level rose, he desperately climbed up to the roof. Once the water receded and he saw the ground, he became terrified and eventually...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' He jumped down, then.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Find the leader of Squad One and tell him to take the wounded resident to see a doctor. He should know where to go.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 rosethronmemberc 03.ogg}} '''Spina di Rosula Member:''' Understood! I'll take over his search and rescue mission in the meantime!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Alright, you'll be in charge.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'm sorry, where were we...?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, the situation in Poisson...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ah, right. Allow me to explain.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' A little earlier, we suddenly heard a loud noise. At first, everyone thought that something might have exploded in the waterways, but before we knew it, water started pouring out from everywhere.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The rushing water seemed a little odd, almost like the unique color of Primordial Seawater. Some people didn't realize the danger and thought it was just ordinary water leaking from somewhere.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Everyone on the street who happened to be close to the water didn't have a chance to escape. As the water levels rose, they suddenly disappeared. They were all dissolved...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Those who realized what was happening started to flee in a panic, desperately trying to get to higher ground. Many were injured in the stampede, and some... some people fell from significant heights...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The Spina di Rosula initiated rescue operations as quickly as possible, but there have been a lot of casualties. Fortunately, the water began to recede after some time, and the chaos came to an end.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The water that flooded the area contained Primordial Seawater, so the lower levels of Poisson are still hazardous. To ensure everyone's safety, I've asked the people there to leave as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 16.ogg}} '''Navia:''' No one knows if this could happen again. All we can do for now is try our best to help evacuate the residents. We still haven't completed the headcount, but we'll have some numbers soon.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How awful... And all of this just came out of nowhere...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 17.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...It was quite frightening indeed. I only wish that everything that just happened was a bad dream.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is there any way we can help, Navia?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, we're here to help!
:{{DIcon}} You can put us to work.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 18.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Thank you for being so willing to help in a moment of crisis like this. You don't know how much it means to me... I really... can't express how grateful I am.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Wait, we're missing some people, aren't we...?)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't say that, Navia. That's what friends are for...
:{{DIcon}} By the way, where are Melus and Silver?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 19.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 rosethronmemberc 04.ogg}} '''Spina di Rosula Member:''' Demoiselle! We've got a situation here!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 20.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ah, I'll be right there!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 21.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Sorry, I need to go for now.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And off she goes... Seems it might be a while before she can take a break.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' ...
:{{Black Screen|Navia walks around talking with many people and organizing various matters. Her decisions are clear and reasonable, her face is marred by a somber expression throughout...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 22.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...Okay, the wounded are being tended to, and we've finished a preliminary headcount. More support has just arrived, so I suppose I finally have a moment to focus on my own matters.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 23.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Of course, we should remain ready for anything and continue doing our best to rescue others. I'll be sure to have everyone at the Spina di Rosula ready to render assistance.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 24.ogg}} '''Navia:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, would you two accompany me to my father's grave for a moment?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Right now?
:{{DIcon}} ...I understand.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 6 navia 25.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Thank you.
----
;(Approach the cemetery)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...Not a lot of people here, huh?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, given the time of day and the whole situation in Poisson, Paimon doesn't think there'd be a ton of people here visiting graves...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Right. That's how things are now... The living are so exhausted that they've no strength to spare any words for the dead.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, Navia...
:{{DIcon}} There's no need to push yourself so hard.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' *sobbing*&nbsp;...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Navia!? What's wrong...?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Sorry, I... I just...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Melus and Silver... They won't ever come back here again...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' What should I do, Papa?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What happened to them!?
:{{DIcon}} Navia!
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry for your loss.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Everyone agreed on the rescue plan, but still... I was the one who initiated it.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' They were helping evacuate the residents... but they couldn't leave in time...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' And they were caught in the seawater... *sobs*
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What should we do?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I've known them for so long... And I know they weren't afraid... But... But...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I could at least hold a funeral for my father, and I know where he rests. But as for Melus and Silver, they're just gone... I just can't...
<!-- begin flashback -->
:{{Color|menu|Navia enters a memory, recalling the scene of her, Melus, and Silver tending to her father's grave...}}
::{{A|vo fdaq301 7 marcillac 01.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Everything looks so clean after it rains &mdash; even the gravestones. I didn't expect that you'd enjoy a glass of red wine in front of Master Callas's grave.
::{{A|vo fdaq301 7 silver 01.ogg}} '''Silver:''' I can understand. Besides, the scenery here isn't half bad.
::{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 13.ogg}} '''Navia:''' See? It's not just me. I always want to bring something when I visit Papa. Perhaps we might even have a picnic. He wouldn't be angry, would he?
::{{A|vo fdaq301 7 marcillac 02.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Ah! How could Master ever be upset with you, Demoiselle?
::{{A|vo fdaq301 7 marcillac 03.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Yet the cemetery is the home of those who have passed, is it not? Everyone ends up here sooner or later, no matter who you are.
::{{A|vo fdaq301 7 silver 02.ogg}} '''Silver:''' Buying yourself a plot in advance, are you?
::{{A|vo fdaq301 7 marcillac 04.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Haha, no need yet. But when I do, I hope you'll let me be buried beside Master Callas, Demoiselle.
::{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 14.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hey, stop joking around!
::{{A|vo fdaq301 7 marcillac 05.ogg}} '''Melus:''' Oh, I'm quite serious. That way, I'll save us both the trip to see each other whenever you visit your father's grave.
::{{A|vo fdaq301 7 silver 03.ogg}} '''Silver:''' That makes sense. In that case, could I be buried on his other side?
::{{A|vo fdaq301 7 marcillac 06.ogg}} '''Melus:''' After all, besides you, Demoiselle, the two of us could certainly be considered Master's closest companions, no?
::{{A|vo fdaq301 7 silver 04.ogg}} '''Silver:''' Personally, I believe we fill those shoes just fine.
::{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 15.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Haha, why are you bringing this up all of a sudden? Seriously... Alright, alright, I'll remember your requests.
::{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 16.ogg}} '''Navia:''' But I'd really prefer not to talk about this stuff. And what do you mean by "saving me a trip"!? I'd make the journey even if I had to visit you two somewhere else.
<!-- flashback ends -->
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 17.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I had promised to let them rest in peace here... but here I am, breaking that promise.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 18.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 19.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'm sorry for letting you see me in a mess like this... I don't usually cry, really.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't know how to help you feel better, but well, she understands how you feel...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 20.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I had always thought I could make my wishes come true. But now that I think about it, that never solely relied on me. Many things can only be accomplished with someone else's help.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 21.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Melus and Silver have helped me so much, but by contrast, I could do nothing for them.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 22.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...I'm so sorry.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can spend as much time as you need here, Navia. We'll stay with you.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, we're here for you.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 23.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Thank you. Right now... You don't know how much that means.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 24.ogg}} '''Navia:''' By the way, you can have a look at this. It's a list of victims from the incident that took place here.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aubenas, [[Cannes]], [[Bernette]], [[Giverny]]... Francine, Korina... [[Desyree]], [[Joinville]]... [[Jolienne]], [[Essonnes]]... as well as Melus and Silver.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... everyone else is safe? But still...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 25.ogg}} '''Navia:''' It's okay, I know what you're thinking. And you're right &mdash; we lost Melus and Silver, but we were able to save more than we anticipated.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 26.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...The overall outcome indicates that the cost was worth it.
:{{DIcon}} No one's sacrifice is truly necessary.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right! Don't think that way, Navia. One person might be saved at the expense of another, sure, but that isn't something we should ever consider a "trade."
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Melus and Silver were not the "price" for saving anyone. They're heroes!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 27.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You're right... Thank you, Paimon.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 28.ogg}} '''Navia:''' What you said just now was pretty amazing, actually. I'll remember your words.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? Uh, really?
:{{Color|menu|An unexpected figure appears...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Seems you've become more eloquent in the time since we last met.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... The Knave? What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 29.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ah, is everything going well on your side?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 02.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Yes. My people are carrying out the mission according to your request. All the residents of Poisson have been evacuated, and we are preparing to relocate them to higher ground.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 03.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' As for the supplies, we have everything taken care of... There is no need to worry.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 30.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Thank you very much.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, do you two know each other?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 04.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' We just met recently. Right, Miss Navia?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 31.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm... Usually, I would call this a coincidental encounter, but that doesn't quite fit this time... Besides, it never even crossed my mind that a Fatui Harbinger would come looking for me.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 32.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Thanks to The Knave, Spina di Rosula received generous support from the Fatui, which allowed us to complete the rescue and evacuation work so quickly.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 05.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Mutual aid is essential to fostering positive developments. We were already in the area, in any case, so it was nothing.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 06.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' That said, I must say that you're a lot sharper than you let on. I'm sure you understand what I mean.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 33.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I apologize for all the ways in which I tested you previously. We've never worked with the Fatui before, and it's extremely important for us to know who we're working with.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 34.ogg}} '''Navia:''' My subordinates have reported that Fatui soldiers have been observing water levels and taking headcounts in various locations. I hear that they've also prepared a large amount of emergency supplies... I'm quite surprised.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 07.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' This is nothing to brag about, nor do I intend to. It is simply the way of powerful organizations to act forcefully, whether they are doing good or ill &mdash; you've witnessed that firsthand, in any case.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 08.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' As I've told {{Traveler}} before, I know of the prophecy, and I intend to prevent the impending disaster.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 09.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Lending your organization a hand was a natural first step in accomplishing that. As such, do not be troubled by this token of our sincerity. Perhaps, one day, you'll also be able to help me in the same way.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 35.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Without your help, there would have been many more casualties... I won't forget your kindness.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 10.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Furthermore, I sincerely regret what happened to Melus and Silver. I only wish that my people could have arrived a little earlier to prevent this from happening.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 36.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Don't say that... You and your subordinates did everything you could.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 37.ogg}} '''Navia:''' As Paimon said, Melus and Silver didn't choose to sacrifice themselves for any specific person, and they weren't the "price" paid for others' salvation. They... chose to become heroes themselves.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 38.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I've never liked hearing people put it that way. It's like trying to relieve pain by saying some noble-sounding words. But right now, there's nothing more suitable... they really did become heroes.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 11.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' You're right. I'm sorry for your loss, Miss Navia.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 12.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Water is life to Fontaine's people, and it also spells disaster. It's no wonder that people always say that prophecies represent fate. Fortunately, I've never been one for such opinions.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 39.ogg}} '''Navia:''' So you're one who will try to change fate, then?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 13.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Of course. That is why I'm going to [[Hotel Bouffes d'ete]]. I still have some things to take care of, and the children need my attention.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 14.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' By the way, {{Traveler}}, Paimon. One more thing...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, then we'll just... Uhh... Huh? This isn't right... Paimon thought you would ask us to walk with you for a moment so you could tell us something in private!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 15.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' That is a clever and useful conversation technique, which I do like to use when necessary. But there's no need today &mdash; it would not hurt to have Miss Navia listening in.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 16.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' {{Traveler}}, I'm sure you remember that I said we could work together when we had the chance.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 17.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' You and I both know that there may be issues with the Primordial Sea. Previously, it was the Fortress of Meropide's sluice gate, and this time, it was the water levels in Poisson... These are both signals.
:{{DIcon}} So, the time for jolly cooperation has come?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 18.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Indeed. Allow me to share the latest intel I've received from the House of the Hearth's intelligence network with you.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 19.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' During some recent investigations, a child claimed to have discovered some ruins near Poisson. The ruins date back to ancient times, and seem to be worth investigating in many ways.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 20.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Judging by the dating of the ruins, they may be related to the prophecy and the coming crisis. The situation is becoming more urgent, so any pertinent information will prove extremely precious.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 21.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' My people initially came to prepare for ruin exploration. Unexpectedly, this disaster struck... And at present, we're all busy prioritizing the rescue effort.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 40.ogg}} '''Navia:''' So that's why the Fatui were all already in Poisson...
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 22.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' I wanted to take the children along, but unfortunately, Lyney, Lynette, and Freminet have all been dispatched to higher ground to assist affected residents.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 23.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Lyney told me that outside of the House, the person they trust most is you.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 24.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Which is why I want to give you this task.
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure this'll be okay?
:{{DIcon}} Can you trust an outsider like me?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 25.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' The House of the Hearth's members see each other as family. But Lyney, Lynette, and Freminet said that they also see you as such, even though you are not from the House.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 26.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' I'm sure you already understand how earnest they consider their friendship with you to be.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that somehow makes Paimon feel kinda happy.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 27.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' The intel I just shared about the ruins could fetch a high price. But since the children consider you family, it's only natural that I freely share it with you.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got it &mdash; so all we gotta do is go to some ruins, right? We can handle that!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 41.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Excuse me, but may I tag along?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 28.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' You wish to join, Miss Navia?
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But.. Are you sure you're up to exploring some ruins? You need to rest!
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 42.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well, I'm sad, yes, but I can't just go back and plop myself into a chair by the roadside and do nothing.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 43.ogg}} '''Navia:''' There's no point in being depressed while we still have a disaster on our hands. As my father's successor, I must live up to the hopes he had in me.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 navia 44.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Besides, I'm also doing this for myself. I need something &mdash; a distraction &mdash; to keep my mind off Melus and Silver.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Navia's strong, but she needs company right now. We can be that company if she goes to explore the ruins with us.)
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 29.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Since you put it that way, I have no objections. What do you say, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} We'll go to the ruins together.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 arlecchino 30.ogg}} '''The Knave:''' Alright. The ruins are to the south of Poisson &mdash; here's the map.
:{{A|vo fdaq301 7 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, the three of us will handle it! C'mon, let's pack up and get going!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Trivia==
* The following NPCs have new or unique dialogue since this quest:
** [[Hinterman]] (after step 6)
** [[Kosel]] (after step 6)
** [[Vincenzo]] (after step 8)
* The list of victims who perished during the flood that was provided by Navia is not exhaustive. Other victims include [[Alcina]],<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Rege|s=2}}</ref> [[Munaciello]],<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Kosel|s=3}}</ref> and [[Melissa]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Shimmering Memories}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Deluge of Wrathful Waters
|zhs     = 怒涛之灾
|zhs_rm  = Nùtāo zhi Zāi
|zht     = 怒濤之災
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = Calamity of Raging Waves
|ja      = 狂瀾の厄災
|ja_rm   = Kyouran no Yakusai
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 성난 파도처럼 밀려온 재앙
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = Disaster That Came Like a Furious Wave
|es      = Una inundación furibunda
|es_tl   = A Furious Flood
|fr      = Déluge des vagues courroucées
|fr_tl   = Deluge of Wrathful Waves
|ru      = Разлив гневных вод
|ru_tl   = Overflow of Wrathful Waters
|th      = ภัยพิบัติจากคลื่นโหมกระหน่ำ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thảm Họa Thủy Triều
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Flut zorniger Wellen
|de_tl   = Flood of Wrathful Waves
|id      = Air Bah Angkara Murka
|id_tl   = The Flood of Wrath and Greed
|pt      = Dilúvio das Águas Furiosas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Öfkeli Suların Baskını
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Diluvio delle acque iraconde
|it_tl   = Deluge of Murky Waters
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter IV}}

[[es:Una inundación furibunda]]