{{About|the [[Archon Quest]]|the object|Delusion}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02015
|title         = Delusion
|image         = Archon Quest C2A3 Delusion.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = III
|act           = Omnipresence Over Mortals
|part          = 3
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Gorou; Paimon; Sangonomiya Kokomi; Scaramouche; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Bourou Village]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Watatsumi Island
|subarea       = Bourou Village
|prev          = Those Who Yearn for the Gods' Gaze
|next          = The Servant's Path
|domain        = Delusion Factory
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*450;Primogem*30;Mora*22,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|2|3|part=3|title=Delusion}}

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]]
# Search for the place where the [[Delusion]]s are being made
# Enter the Delusion Factory
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Delusion Factory]]
# Look for the person running the factory

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The secret weapon and last resort of the resistance is, in fact, Delusions. [[Teppei]]'s death ignites an unquenchable flame of rage within you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Sangonomiya Kokomi)
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' How is Teppei's condition, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} How could none of us have noticed?
:{{DIcon}} He's taken a sudden turn for the worse.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' ...I have put out the order to seize all Delusions.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' The vast majority are showing some loss of vitality, but nothing serious.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Sadly, a few have been... less fortunate...
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Your Excellency, I'm planning to establish a dedicated field hospital to monitor their condition.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' The soldiers are up in arms about the ban though. They know full well what a Delusion is, but they still intend to keep using them.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 05.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Okay. I'll leave you to deal with this situation. I have to get to the front line.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 06.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' This whole fiasco is certain to be a blow to morale. If the [[Shogun's Army]] attacks now, while we're scrambling to recover, it could well undo everything we have achieved so far.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 07.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' {{Traveler}}, what are your thoughts?
:{{DIcon}} I'll go confront the [[Fatui]] directly.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 08.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' No, it's too dangerous!
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 09.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' The [[Sakoku Decree]] is still in force, so their Delusions must be produced within [[Inazuma]]'s borders.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 10.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' To organize an operation of this scale, they will have had to mobilize a huge amount of manpower and resources. They can't have done it without local support.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 11.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' If we want to stop them, we have to destroy the factory where the Delusions are made. But it's sure to be heavily guarded...
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 12.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' It's dangerous to go alone. At least take some troops with you...
:{{DIcon}} There's no time for that.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Your Excellency, given the urgency of the situation, we were hardly discreet when confiscating the Delusions. The Fatui are sure to take notice.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' If we spend any longer amassing our forces, they will get wind of our plans and make their escape.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 13.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Very true. Mm... let me think...
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 14.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I gave this some thought while you were confiscating the Delusions. The site of the factory must be big and secluded, but close enough to a transport route to ensure the supply of raw materials...
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 15.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Not many places meet these criteria, and if we take the locations where our soldiers received their Delusions into account as well, I suspect the site is likely to be the cliffs near the ocean at the southwest of {{Color|buzz|[[Yashiori Island]]}}.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 16.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I'm not going to stop you, but please be careful.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 kokomi 17.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' We have lost too many courageous fighters already. I don't want to lose you too.
;(The Traveler looks down with their eyes closed)
:{{DIcon}} Okay, let's go.
;(The Traveler makes an angry expression)
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You mean, to the {{Color|buzz|Delusion factory}}?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? You aren't going to think it over first? Ugh, fine...
;(The Traveler and Paimon leave by the path on the left)
----
;(Search for the place where the Delusions are being made)
;(Enter the Delusion Factory)
----
;(Upon arriving at the bottom floor)
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So is this where Delusions are made from? So much [[Crystal Marrow]]... Now, where have we seen that before...
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a second, are they getting this from [[Ritou]]?
:{{A|vo dqaq103 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the [[Kanjou Commission]] are... Ugh.

;(Read the Hall Notice inside the Delusion Factory)
:'''Hall Notice:''' The situation of the Inazuman civil war is presently uncertain. The longer this conflict drags on, the more advantageous our position will be...
:'''Hall Notice:''' To deepen the resistance's reliance on Delusions, to fan the flames of war, and steel the resolve of the leadership on both sides to continue fighting...
:'''Hall Notice:''' I call upon all available comrades to assist the work of 2nd Naval Lieutenant [[Nathan]] in dashing Sangonomiya's hopes for a quick victory...
:'''Hall Notice:''' If there are any accidents, assist in 2nd Lieutenant Nathan's escape, and silence all who might reveal our infiltration into their ranks!
:'''Hall Notice:''' This mission is of vital importance to securing our supply of Delusions &mdash; not a single detail may be overlooked!

;(Enter the hallway with the Electro arrows)
:{{A|vo dqaq103 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes! It looks dangerous...
:{{A|vo dqaq103 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'd better watch our step, or we might get hit...

;(Upon unlocking the door and entering the room)
:{{A|vo dqaq103 4 skirmishera 01.ogg}} '''Fatui:''' Intruders spotted...
:{{A|vo dqaq103 4 skirmisherb 01.ogg}} '''Fatui:''' Do not let them impede the work of the Harbingers.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 4 skirmisherc 01.ogg}} '''Fatui:''' You'll never get out of here alive!
;(Upon defeating the first wave)
:{{A|vo dqaq103 4 skirmishera 02.ogg}} '''Fatui:''' This idiot must have a death wish!
:{{A|vo dqaq103 4 skirmisherb 02.ogg}} '''Fatui:''' Don't be intimidated. Lord Harbinger will be here soon.

;(Upon defeating the second wave)
;(If the player met [[The Balladeer]] during [[Unreconciled Stars]])
::{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 01.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' You actually managed to find this place. Congratulations.
::{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 02.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' Hah. Barely two words in and you already look like you want me dead.
::{{DIcon}} You're manufacturing Delusions...
::{{DIcon}} You're giving Delusions to the resistance...
::{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 03.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' Oh, so that's what this is about.
::{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 04.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' I think you've got the wrong idea. I know how this looks, but I'm just here to follow orders.
::{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 05.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' I'm obviously not the mastermind behind this. Aren't you supposed to be pretty tough? What are you waiting for, go get them.
:;(The Traveler scowls)
::{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 06.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' You're getting all worked up over nothing. Pff, you've changed... You're getting weak.
;(If the player has not met Scaramouche yet)
::{{A|vo dqaq103 3 scaramouche 01.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' You actually managed to find this place. Congratulations.
::{{A|vo dqaq103 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're another [[Fatui Harbinger]]... like [[Signora]] and [[Childe]]?
::{{A|vo dqaq103 3 scaramouche 02.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' Signora and Childe? Huh... I didn't know you and my two least reliable colleagues were acquainted.
::{{A|vo dqaq103 3 scaramouche 03.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' I'm The Balladeer, No. 6 of the Fatui Harbingers. Delighted to meet you, O Mighty Traveler.
::{{Black Screen|'' Scaramouche, Balladeer &mdash; The Sixth of the Eleven Fatui Harbingers ''}}
::{{A|vo dqaq103 3 scaramouche 04.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' So many visitors today. To what do I owe the honor?
::{{DIcon}} You're manufacturing Delusions...
::{{DIcon}} You're giving Delusions to the resistance...
::{{A|vo dqaq103 3 scaramouche 05.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' Oh, so that's what this is about.
::{{A|vo dqaq103 3 scaramouche 06.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' I think you've got the wrong idea. I know how this looks, but I'm just here to follow orders.
::{{A|vo dqaq103 3 scaramouche 07.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' I'm obviously not the mastermind behind this. Aren't you supposed to be pretty tough? What are you waiting for, go get them.
::{{A|vo dqaq103 3 scaramouche 08.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' You're getting all worked up over nothing. Huh... didn't have you down as being so weak.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How can you say this is nothing?
:{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 07.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' How can you call it anything more? It's the way of the world. Human life is worthless.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 08.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' They were always going to die, with or without a Delusion. At least having one gives them a chance to fulfill their ambitions.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 09.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' Do you have any idea how useful the Vision Hunt Decree is to us? It took a lot of work to make it happen. Obviously it was in our best interests.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 10.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' Good news is, our hard work is finally paying off. Generating conflict creates a big market for Delusions. Now we just let the promise of power draw in the weak...
:{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 11.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' For just a small price, they get the feeling of controlling the world. Trading their life for supreme power... pretty good deal, don't you think?
:{{A|vo dqaq103 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the Fatui started the Vision Hunt Decree? You've been behind it all along?
:{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 12.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' From the outside, Inazuma looks pretty impenetrable, but on the inside... it's a land of opportunity. With a little effort, we were able to break them down from within.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 13.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' Eternity stretches things out over a long time. But each moment within it becomes all the more fragile.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 14.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' Take your friend in the resistance, for example. There's nothing you can do now. He's a lost cause.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 15.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' Just like a bubble on the water. Beautiful for a moment, then total destruction.
:{{A|vo dqaq103 2 scaramouche 16.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' The more it takes from them, the more tightly they hold onto it. And the more incompetent they are, the more determined they are to fight it! Hahaha, it's such a farce, you have to see the funny side.
:{{DIcon}} Don't you dare mock Teppei...
:{{DIcon}} He's not incompetent!
:{{A|vo dqaq103 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! {{Traveler}}, calm down...

{{Cutscene Description|You charge at Scaramouche in a rage, but he has come prepared - his trap activates before you can even act, and you fall unconscious...}}
;(Cutscene starts)
::{{A|vo dqaq103 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... No!
:;(A purple haze starts enveloping the Traveler)
::{{A|vo dqaq103 cs scaramouche 01.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' Hahaha...
::{{A|vo dqaq103 cs scaramouche 02.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' That's it, just like that! Embrace the anger... Embrace it!
::{{A|vo dqaq103 cs scaramouche 03.ogg}} '''The Balladeer:''' The wrath of the gods fills this factory, and it feeds on your anger...
:;(The Traveler collapses)
::{{A|vo dqaq103 cs paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, what's happening...
::{{A|vo dqaq103 cs paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Get up...!
:;([[Yae Miko]] appears as the Traveler loses consciousness)
;(Cutscene ends)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Delusion
|zhs     = 邪眼
|zhs_rm  = Xiéyǎn
|zht     = 邪眼
|zht_rm  = Xiéyǎn
|zh_tl   = {{Lex|Delusion|zh}}
|ja      = 邪眼
|ja_rm   = Jagan
|ja_tl   = {{Lex|Delusion|ja}}
|ko      = 사안
|ko_rm   = Sa'an
|ko_tl   = {{Lex|Delusion|ko}}
|es      = Engaño
|es_tl   = {{Lex|Delusion|es}}
|fr      = Œil maléfique
|fr_tl   = {{Lex|Delusion|fr}}
|ru      = Глаза Порчи
|ru_tl   = {{Lex|Delusions|ru}}
|th      = เนตรมาร
|th_rm   = Net Man
|th_tl   = {{Lex|Delusion|th}}
|vi      = Delusion
|de      = Teuflisches Auge
|de_tl   = {{Lex|Delusion|de}}
|id      = Delusion
|pt      = Ilusão
|pt_tl   = {{Lex|Delusion|pt}}
|tr      = Sanrı
|tr_tl   = Delusion
|it      = Illusione
|it_tl   = Illusion
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[es:Engaño (misión)]]
[[ja:邪眼 (任務)]]
[[pt-br:Ilusão (Missão)]]
[[vi:Delusion (Nhiệm Vụ)]]