{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Demon-Warrior's Feather Mask.png
|set   = Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|A feather mask with falcon-esque plumage. Many legends surround this object.}}
'''Demon-Warrior's Feather Mask''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City]].

==Description==
[[Flower-Feather Clan|The tribe built atop the mountains]] would regularly host combat tournaments, in which contestants would wear special masks.<br><!--
-->These served to intimidate opponents, but contestants also saw them as symbols for themselves.<br><!--
-->Whenever a masked warrior took the field, their fans would roar out, yet fall silent when the opposition made their entrance.<br><!--
-->But when the man wearing the feather mask bearing a falcon's semblance entered, all would be strangely silent.<br><br><!--
-->Before becoming an adventurer, [[Taika]] was the mightiest warrior in the Flower-Feather Clan, always getting the upper hand during these rites of contention.<br><!--
-->Sometimes this would even bore him. Perhaps this was how the rest of his life would play out &mdash; for how could he have known of the imminent [[Cataclysm|catastrophe]] then?<br><!--
-->It began as mere dark clouds roiling on the horizon, then sporadic reports of people disappearing in the [[Night Kingdom|night realm]]... and when the monsters appeared before them,<br><!--
-->None were ready.<br><br><!--
-->Nonetheless, someone had to shoulder the responsibility, and the strong naturally should bear a greater burden.<br><!--
-->It was only after witnessing true war that he first felt the weight of destiny.<br><!--
-->Thus did he bid his wife and unborn child farewell, and he became himself a fearsome demon on the battlefield,<br><!--
-->For to vanquish demons and monsters, one must become more ferocious still.<br><br><!--
-->That was the last battle of his life, and as he collapsed amidst the pool of blood atop the apex of the [[Cinder City]], countless scenes flashed before his eyes.<br><!--
-->He glimpsed the fiery red flames of the ancient land bloom before them once more like fields of flowers upon the plains,<br><!--
-->"The gates of hell are stained red by the flowing blood of the brave. Let me offer my blood, and leave [[Pyrophosphorite|the key to those gates]] with my child."<br><!--
-->Or perhaps what he saw was the faint light through the crack in that gate, at the last reminding him of the words he said to his beloved wife as they parted.<br><!--
-->"...If it's a girl, call her [[Bona]]. She will surely become an outstanding warrior."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Demon-Warrior's Feather Mask
|zhs      = 魔战士的羽面
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 魔戰士的羽面
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 呪戦士の羽面
|ja_rm    = Ju Senshi no Umen{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 마전사의 깃털 가면
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Máscara Emplumada del Guerrero Maligno
|es_tl    = Malignant Warrior's Plumed Mask
|fr       = Masque à plumes du guerrier-démon
|fr_tl    = Demon-Warrior's Feather Mask
|ru       = Перьевая маска воина-демона
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = Demon-Warrior's Feather Mask
|vi       = Mặt Nạ Lông Của Chiến Sĩ Ma
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Federmaske des Zauberkämpfers
|de_tl    = Magic Fighter's Feather Mask
|id       = Demon-Warrior's Feather Mask
|pt       = Máscara de Penas do Guerreiro Mágico
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = İblis Savaşçının Tüy Maskesi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Maschera piumata del demone guerriero
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City}}

[[fr:Masque à plumes du guerrier-démon]]
[[ja:呪戦士の羽面]]
[[uk:Перната маска воїна-демона]]
[[vi:Mặt Nạ Lông Của Chiến Sĩ Ma]]
[[zh:魔戰士的羽面]]