{{Element Infobox
|region       = Sumeru
|archon       = Buer
|oculus       = Dendroculus
|gem          = Nagadus Emerald
|status       = Dendro
|reaction     = Electro, Hydro, Pyro
}}
'''Dendro''' is one of the seven [[Elements]].

Its associated [[Archon]] is [[Lesser Lord Kusanali|Buer]], whose domain is [[Sumeru]].

==Elemental Resonance==
Having two Dendro characters in the group results in the [[Elemental Resonance]]:
*'''Sprawling Greenery:''' Elemental Mastery increased by 50. After triggering [[Burning]], [[Quicken]], or [[Bloom]] reactions, all nearby party members gain 30 [[Elemental Mastery]] for 6s. After triggering [[Aggravate]], [[Spread]], [[Hyperbloom]], or [[Burgeon]] reactions, all nearby party members gain 20 Elemental Mastery for 6s. The durations of the aforementioned effects will be counted independently.

==Elemental Reactions==
{{Dendro}} has the following [[Elemental Reactions]]:

* {{Icon/Element|Electro}} '''[[Quicken]]:''' Applies a Quicken aura.
** {{Icon/Element|Electro}} '''Aggravate:''' Triggered when applying {{Electro}} to an entity with the Quicken aura. Adds [[Additive Base DMG Bonus]] to the attack that triggers this reaction.
** {{Icon/Element|Dendro}} '''Spread:''' Triggered when applying {{Dendro}} to an entity with the Quicken aura. Adds Additive Base DMG Bonus to the attack that triggers this reaction.
* {{Icon/Element|Hydro}} '''[[Bloom]]:''' Creates a Dendro Core that explodes after 6 seconds, dealing {{Color|AoE Dendro DMG}}.
** {{Icon/Element|Electro}} '''Hyperbloom:''' Triggered when applying {{Electro}} to a Dendro Core. Transforms the Dendro Core into a homing Sprawling Shot that deals increased {{Color|AoE Dendro DMG}} in a much smaller AoE.
** {{Icon/Element|Pyro}} '''Burgeon:''' Triggered when applying {{Pyro}} to a Dendro Core. Detonates the Dendro Core immediately, dealing increased {{Color|AoE Dendro DMG}}.
* {{Icon/Element|Pyro}} '''[[Burning]]:''' Deals {{Color|AoE Pyro DoT}} and applies Pyro.

==Wood Element==
'''Wood''' is one of Dendro's sibling elements. The Wood element is similar to Dendro, but can only react with {{Pyro}} to trigger [[Burning]]. [[Quicken]] and [[Bloom]] cannot be triggered using the Wood element.

Objects with the Wood element include:

* [[Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard]]'s shield
* [[Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl]]'s shield
* [[Dendro Samachurl]]'s vines
* Bushes
* [[Grass]]
* Shrubs
* [[Dendro Vines|Vines]]
* Wooden Barrel
* Wooden Barrier
* Wooden Crate

==Dendro Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Dendro Characters|noelement=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Dendro Characters|noelement=1}}

==Enemies==
{{Enemies by Category List|header=1}}

==Dendro Damage Bonus==
{{Main|Dendro Damage Bonus}}

==Dendro Resistance==
{{Main|Dendro Resistance}}

==Gallery==
{{Preview
|file1=Status Dendro Player 1
|caption1=A character affected by a poison status from [[Large Dendro Slime]]s

|file2=Status Dendro Player 2
|caption2=A character affected by Dendro from [[Dendro Samachurl]]s
}}

==Trivia==
* In ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s story, {{Dendro}} is likely the fourth element that the Traveler resonates with, and their resonance with or manipulation of Dendro is remarked upon by multiple characters during [[Chapter III]] of the [[Archon Quest]]s. Their resonance with Dendro is also important to the story of Chapter III.
** The {{Quest|A Librarian's Long and Carefree Vacation}}, which only requires {{Quest|Song of the Dragon and Freedom}} and has no [[Quick Start]] requirements, concretely allows the possibility of the Traveler's traveling to Sumeru ahead of Chapter III. However, this possibility conflicts with the {{Quest|Wishes (Quest)}}, as Lisa names "Lesser Lord Kusanali," a name Paimon does not recognize in ''Wishes'', as the God of Wisdom in ''A Librarian's Long and Carefree Vacation''. Unless ''Wishes'' receives an update to account for ''A Librarian's Long and Carefree Vacation'', it is unlikely that the Traveler travels to Sumeru ahead of Chapter III, thus making it unlikely that they resonate with Dendro prior to resonating with Geo or Electro.
** In ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s gameplay, players may or may not be forced to resonate with any [[Statues of The Seven]] in [[Sumeru]]. Players who avoid unlocking any [[Statues of The Seven]] in [[Dharma Forest]] are forced to resonate their [[Traveler]] characters during ''[[Further Observation]]'' in Act I of Chapter III. However, players who unlock any Statues of The Seven in Dharma Forest before the relevant steps in ''Further Observation'' are not forced to resonate their [[Traveler]] characters with Dendro, even if they have not yet done so. It is therefore possible to play the entire game thus far<!-- as of Version 3.1 --> without ever resonating the Traveler character with Dendro, although it is impossible to play the entire game without unlocking at least one Statue of The Seven in Sumeru.

===Etymology===
* The name Dendro comes from the prefix used in biology for scientific names related to trees or plants, "{{wt|dendr-|dendro-|English}}," which derives from {{lang|the Ancient Greek word for tree|grc=δένδρον|grc_rm=déndron}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dendro
|zhs     = 草
|zhs_rm  = Cǎo
|zht     = 草
|zht_rm  = Cǎo
|zh_tl   = Grass
|ja      = {{Rubi|草|くさ}}
|ja_rm   = Kusa
|ja_tl   = Grass
|ko      = 풀
|ko_rm   = Pul
|ko_tl   = Grass
|es      = Dendro
|fr      = Dendro
|ru      = Дендро
|th      = ไม้
|th_rm   = Mai
|th_tl   = Wood
|vi      = {{tt|Thảo|草}}
|vi_tl   = Grass
|de      = Dendro
|id      = Dendro
|pt      = Dendro
|tr      = Doğa
|tr_tl   = Nature
|it      = Dendro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Element Navbox}}

[[es:Elementos]]
[[fr:Dendro]]
[[ja:草]]
[[pl:Dendro]]
[[pt-br:Dendro]]
[[ru:Элементы]]
[[th:ไม้]]
[[uk:Дендро]]
[[vi:Thảo]]
[[de:Dendro]]
[[id:Dendro]]