{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Dendrogranum.png
|type         = Grana
|type2        = Exploration
|type3        = Game Systems
|region       = Sumeru
}}
'''Dendrograna''' are [[Grana]] found in [[Sumeru]] that can be summoned through [[Auspicious Branch]]es. They can be carried by the player for 30 seconds, and their duration is reset if new dendrograna are summoned.

When a character's [[Charged Attack]] or [[Aimed Shot]] hits an opponent or other valid target while carrying at least one Dendrogranum, one Dendrogranum will be fired to attack the same location shortly afterward and deal {{Color|True Dendro DMG}} on hit. Dendrograna do not home in on the target, so they may miss if the target moves before it can be hit.

[[The Withering]] of Sumeru can also be cleared with the help of Dendrograna's power.

==Valid Targets==
* All [[enemies]]
* [[Clusterleaf of Cultivation]]
* [[Dendrogranum-Locked Rock]]s
* [[Rocklifting Branch]]es
* [[Valaya]]
* Certain objects in [[Withering Zone]]s:
** Fetid Boughs
** Withering Branches

==Healthy Dendrograna==
Healthy Dendrograna are larger and more powerful Dendrograna. They can be summoned by playing Rhythm of the Sprout with the [[Vintage Lyre]] near [[Sprouting Branch]]es. These Dendrograna deal greater DMG are required to progress certain puzzles, but can only be used once before needing to replenish.

==Damage==
{{Environmental Damage|2|Dendrogranum Coordinated Attacks}}

{{Environmental Damage|5|Healthy Dendrogranum Coordinated Attacks}}

==Tutorial==
;Dendrogranum...
{{Transclude|Tutorial/Dendrogranum...}}

;Rhythm of the Sprout
{{Transclude|Tutorial/Rhythm of the Sprout}}

==Preview==
{{Preview
|file1 = Dendrogranum Preview
|caption1 = Dendrograna around player

|file2 = Healthy Dendrogranum Preview
|caption2 = Healthy Dendrogranum around player

|file3 = Dendrogranum Coordinated Attack Preview
|caption3 = Dendrogranum coordinated attack
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dendrogranum
|zhs     = 草种子
|zhs_rm  = Cǎo Zhǒngzǐ
|zht     = 草種子
|zht_rm  = Cǎo Zhǒngzǐ
|zh_tl   = {{Lex|Dendro|zh}} Seed
|ja      = 草の種
|ja_rm   = Kusa no Tane
|ja_tl   = {{Lex|Dendro|ja}} Seed
|ko      = 풀 씨앗
|ko_rm   = Pul Ssiat
|ko_tl   = {{Lex|Dendro|ko}} Seed
|es      = Dendrógrano
|es_tl   = Dendrogranum
|fr      = Dendrogranum<!--plural: Dendrogranums-->
|ru      = Дендрогранум
|th      = Dendrogranum
|vi      = Hạt Giống Thảo
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Dendrogranum
|id      = Dendrogranum
|pt      = Dendrogrão
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox|Sumeru}}

[[es:Dendrógrano]]
[[ja:草の種]]