{{Food Infobox
|id              = 108114
|description     = A great work from a great astrologer. Its greatest aspect lies with its cost-effectiveness in filling one's stomach.
|type            = ATK-Boosting Dishes
|effectType      = CRIT Rate Up
|effect          = Increases all party members' CRIT Rate by '''16'''% for 300s.
|eff_att1        = CRIT Rate
|quality         = 2
|character       = Mona
|base            = Satisfying Salad
}}
'''Der Weisheit Letzter Schluss (Life)''' is a [[Special Dish|special]] [[food]] item that the player has a chance to obtain by cooking [[Satisfying Salad]] with [[Mona]]. The recipe for Satisfying Salad is available from the start of the game.

Der Weisheit Letzter Schluss (Life) increases the party's critical rate by '''16'''% for 300 seconds. Like most foods, this has no effect for other players in [[Co-Op Mode]]; this effect only applies to the player's party.

==Recipe==
{{Recipe
|type = Cooking
|character = Mona
|Cabbage = 2
|Apple = 2
|Bird Egg = 1
|Potato = 1
|sort = Cabbage;Apple;Bird Egg;Potato
}}

==Trivia==
* "Der Weisheit Letzter Schluss" (lit. "the last result of wisdom") is a German idiom originally used in {{w|Goethe's Faust}} and means as much "the be-all and end-all of wisdom."
**The full quote (translated by {{w|Bayard Taylor}}) is {{Lang|"The last result of wisdom stamps it true: he only earns his freedom and existence who daily conquers them anew"|de="Das ist der Weisheit letzter Schluß: der verdient sich Freiheit wie das Leben, der täglich sie erobern muß"}}. Therefore, the name fits Mona, who currently lives in Mondstadt, the nation of freedom.
**The quote is also a reference to the [[Hexenzirkel]], that Mona is part of, as in Faust a coven of witches convenes on top of the "Brocken", a mountain in the center of Germany.
*The Chinese name of the dish translates to {{Lang|"Supreme Wisdom (Life)"|zh=至高的智慧（生活）}}.
**The Mandarin word for {{Lang|"wisdom"|zh={{wt|智慧}}|zh_rm=zhìhuì}} can refer to the Sanskrit philosophical term {{w|Prajñā (Buddhism)|prajñā}} in Buddhism, but it can be also used as a more casual sense of wisdom as in {{Lang|"wisdom for everyday life"|zh=生活的智慧}}.
**A single word enclosed by parentheses is an Internet slang in East Asia that is used to add a funny (often sarcastic) sense to the preceding phrase. It is relatively similar to the usage of parentheses in the English meme "(derogatory)" but with far more linguistic flexibility.
**Therefore, the name is intended to be a joke that the supreme enigmatic wisdom of the Great Astrologist is actually cooking on a budget.
*The following birthday mails included Der Weisheit Letzter Schluss (Life):
** [[Mail/An Auspicious Day! (2021-08-31)|Mona's 2021 Birthday Mail]] (1 Der Weisheit Letzter Schluss (Life))
** [[Mail/The Greatest Day! (2022-08-31)|Mona's 2022 Birthday Mail]] (1 Der Weisheit Letzter Schluss (Life))

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Der Weisheit Letzter Schluss (Life)
|en_tl   = The Last Result of Wisdom (Life)
|en_lang = de
|zhs     = 至高的智慧（生活）
|zhs_rm  = Zhìgāo de Zhìhuì (Shēnghuó)
|zht     = 至高的智慧（生活）
|zht_rm  = Zhìgāo de Zhìhuì (Shēnghuó)
|zh_tl   = Supreme Wisdom (Life)
|ja      = 最高の知恵・生活
|ja_rm   = Saikou no Chie - Seikatsu
|ja_tl   = Supreme Wisdom - Life
|ko      = 지고한 지혜(라이프)
|ko_rm   = Jigohan Jihye(Ra'ipeu)
|ko_tl   = Supreme Wisdom (Life)
|es      = Sabiduría suprema (vida)
|es_tl   = Supreme Wisdom (Life)
|fr      = Sagesse suprême
|fr_tl   = Supreme Wisdom
|ru      = Высшая мудрость (Жизнь)
|ru_tl   = Supreme Wisdom (Life)
|th      = Der Weisheit Letzter Schluss (Life)
|vi      = Thông Minh Tột Đỉnh (Cuộc Sống)
|vi_tl   = Supreme Intelligence (Life)
|de      = Der Weisheit letzter Schluss (Leben)
|de_tl   = The Last Result of Wisdom (Life)
|id      = Supreme Wisdom (Life)
|pt      = Sabedoria Suprema (Vida)
|pt_tl   = Supreme Wisdom (Life)
|tr      = Yüce Bilgelik (Yaşam)
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Saggezza suprema (vita)
|it_tl   = Supreme Wisdom (Life)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Food Navbox|type=Special Dishes}}

[[es:Sabiduría suprema (vida)]]
[[fr:Sagesse suprême]]
[[ja:最高の知恵・生活]]
[[pt-br:Sabedoria Suprema (Vida)]]
[[ru:Высшая мудрость (Жизнь)]]
[[th:Der Weisheit Letzter Schluss (Life)]]
[[zh:至高的智慧（生活）]]