{{Terminology Infobox
|type   = Lore
|region = Teyvat
}}
"'''Descender'''" is a term used by various figures in ''[[Genshin Impact]]'', such as the [[Fatui]], for outlanders who come from outside the world of [[Teyvat]]. Historical figures and documents suggest that the epithet of "Descender" is used only for those who prove capable of transcending Teyvat's "laws," and is not a blanket term for all external beings.

The [[Traveler]] is known as the Fourth Descender, and [[Kukulkan]] named the [[Heavenly Principles]] as another,<ref name=":0"/> with [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] presuming they are the First, specifically.<ref name="C3A5 quote">{{Ref/Quest|A Toast to Victory|quote='''Nahida:''' My current hypothesis is that the "First Descender" was likely what we now call the Heavenly Principles.}}</ref>

==Overview==
The origins of the term "Descender" are unclear, but it may stem from [[Khaenri'ah]]n parlance given that it is used by the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]]<ref name="C3A5"/> (co-founded by [[Pierro]], a former Khaenri'ahn royal mage),<ref name="Night-Bird">{{Ref/Quest|The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call}}</ref> and independently by [[Rene]] based on his research on various ancient nations, including Khaenri'ah.<ref name="Rene Notes1">Interactable, The Narzissenkreuz Ordo: [[The Narzissenkreuz Ordo#Notes #1|Notes #1]]</ref> Very few people in Teyvat know the term or whom it encompasses; for example, [[Nahida]], an [[Archon]] with a direct connection to [[Irminsul]], first learned about it from [[The Doctor]] as part of his information trade for the Dendro [[Gnosis]].<ref name="C3A5"/>

Because Descenders come from outside Teyvat, they are not bound to the world's laws and are unaffected by circumstances that affect beings from this world. Furthermore, information and memories about them will not be recorded in Irminsul, which only collects information about Teyvat.<ref name="C3A5"/><ref name="Night-Bird Information">{{Ref/Quest|The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call|quote='''The Balladeer:''' But unfortunately, there's no information about the Descenders in Irminsul.<br>
'''Nahida:''' If even you can't find anything, that seems to confirm it: Irminsul does not keep records on the Descenders. Anyone who comes from beyond this world is not counted as part of Teyvat.}}</ref> Conversely, their memories are not changed when Irminsul is tampered with, when that normally affects not only people's memories, but also non-sentient items such as books, and even in-game descriptions such as Character Stories. For example, the Traveler remembers [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] after all traces of her existence were erased from Irminsul and thus, from history and memory itself.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies}}</ref><ref name="C3A5 Memory">{{Ref/Quest|A Toast to Victory|quote='''Dehya:''' Five hundred years ago, Lesser Lord Kusanali used all her power for the people of Sumeru, and what did they do in return? <br>
'''{{Traveler}}:''' (It seems that after everyone forgot [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]], their understanding of Sumeru's history also changed...)<br>
'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Now everyone believes that Lesser Lord Kusanali has been Sumeru's archon all along.)<br>
'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Maybe I'm the only one in all of Teyvat who remembers that Greater Lord Rukkhadevata ever existed.)}}</ref> They also remember [[Scaramouche]] after he removes his names from Irminsul, while [[Nahida]] and [[Paimon]] both forget him.<ref name="Night-Bird"/><ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Kabukimono's Finale|quote='''Nahida:''' The Balladeer... Hmm. Sounds like some kind of code name.<br>
'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...Oh no...)<br>
'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Even Nahida doesn't remember... Just like last time, any changes to Irminsul affect her as well.)}}</ref>

Rene's research with the [[Narzissenkreuz Ordo]], largely derived from ancient Khaenri'ahn, [[Remuria]]n, and [[Sumeru]] sources, led to his conclusion that Descenders have "wills that can rival an entire world," and not all who come from outside of Teyvat are necessarily Descenders.<ref name="Rene Notes1" /> Similarly, the allegedly Khaenri'ahn ''[[Perinheri]]'' claims that Khaenri'ah awaited the "arrival of beings who could transcend the gods" from among those who came from "outside this world," but that such a person never appeared during Perinheri's time.

Following the revelation that the Third Descender's remains were used to make the Gnoses, which can enhance elemental abilities, Paimon and the Traveler speculate that an inherent affinity for elemental power may be a shared trait among Descenders.<ref name="Finale"/> The Heavenly Principles, meanwhile, was able to take the [[Seven Sovereigns]]' elemental Authorities for itself.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Calamitous Tread}}</ref>

After learning about the concept of Descenders, the [[Fontaine|Fontainian]]-born Rene aspired to become one in order to become powerful enough to save Fontainians from the impending [[prophecy of Fontaine]]. However, his attempts failed twice,<ref>{{Ref/Item|Enigmatic Page (IX)}}</ref><ref>Interactable: [[??? (Fontaine)#Log|Log]]</ref> and the Traveler's intervention in Fontaine is what ultimately averts the prophecy.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Waking from the Great Dream (Quest)}}</ref> Based on current knowledge, there is no evidence that people born in Teyvat can become Descenders.

==Known Descenders==
* First Descender: [[Heavenly Principles]] (unconfirmed)<ref name=":0"/><ref name="C3A5 quote"/>
* Second Descender: ''Unknown (unknown)''
* Third Descender: ''Unknown'' (deceased)<ref name="Finale">{{Ref/Quest|Finale}}</ref>
* Fourth Descender: [[Traveler]] (alive)<ref name="C3A5">{{Ref/Quest|A Toast to Victory}}</ref>

===Possible Descenders===
While it is known that the Heavenly Principles is a Descender, the precise identities of the first three Descenders have not been explicitly confirmed. However, there is evidence in-game pointing to specific answers.

Lesser Lord Kusanali theorizes that the Heavenly Principles is the First Descender.<ref name="C3A5 quote"/> The Primordial One mentioned in ''[[Before Sun and Moon]]'' matches [[Apep]]'s description of the Heavenly Principles<ref name="Shapep">{{Ref/Quest|What Shape Does the Self Hold}}</ref> and [[Neuvillette]]'s description of the "First Usurper."<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Calamitous Tread|quote='''Neuvillette:''' They say that when the First Usurper arrived on Teyvat, they seized a part of the dragons' power. Today, that stolen power is the basis of the Archons' Authorities.}}</ref> [[Kukulkan]] mentions that humans cannot control [[element]]al forces as "The Descender tossed them into Teyvat, giving them the power to change environments to suit themselves."<ref name=":0">{{Ref/Quest|Moment of Awakening|quote='''A Somewhat Strange "Person":''' Most [humans] can barely control [[element]]al forces. [[Heavenly Principles|The Descender]] tossed them into Teyvat, giving them the power to change environments to suit themselves.}}</ref> This entity came from outside of Teyvat, took power from the [[Seven Sovereigns]], suppressed the old order, and established the world in its current state.<ref name="BSaM">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2|title=Before Sun and Moon}}</ref> 

''Before Sun and Moon'' also mentions the [[Second Who Came]], or the "second throne of the heavens," who was the next entity to come from beyond this world. They waged war against the Heavenly Principles, which wreaked massive destruction throughout the world and caused [[Enkanomiya]] to sink underwater. However, the book's author surmises the Second Who Came lost, attributing the Enkanomiyans' inability to return to the surface to the Heavenly Principles' power.<ref name="BSaM"/>

Despite being a native of Teyvat, the [[Dragon]] King [[Nibelung]] is described by Kukulkan as having "descended from beyond the circles of the world" to make war with the Heavenly Principles in the name of vengeance.<ref name=Omen>{{Ref/Quest|An Omen of Annihilation and the Final Entreaty}}</ref> This matches both Apep and Neuvillette's descriptions of this war closely, in which Nibelung brought [[forbidden knowledge]] and the [[Abyss]] to Teyvat after a period of departure.<ref name="Shapep" /><ref name=Neuvision>{{Ref/CS|Neuvillette|Vision}}</ref> On top of the Nibelung's "descent" being described in identical terms to Rene's text regarding Descenders,<ref name="Rene Notes1 /> the consequences of this war almost perfectly match the description of the war rekindled by the Second Who Came in ''Before Sun and Moon'' and elsewhere.<ref name=BtSS>{{Ref/Quest|Beneath the Secret Source}}</ref> 

During this war, Nibelung was killed, but "at great cost" to the Heavenly Principles, leaving "their functions ruined."<ref name=Omen /><ref name=Neuvision /> Following this, though at an unknown date, the Heavenly Principles and "one who came after"<ref name=Neuvision /> used the Third Descender's remains to create the [[Gnoses]].<ref name="Finale"/>

[[Rene]]'s description of Descenders mentions an individual called Ajax or Aias, who is related to the city of [[Hyperborea]].<ref name="Rene Notes1" /><ref name="Ballad of the Fjords">{{Ref/Weapon|Ballad of the Fjords}}</ref> It is unknown whether this boy existed as described in legend, but he bears some resemblance to the youth possessed by a [[voyager]] known to have arrived from beyond Teyvat. This outlander befriended Nibelung and swore an oath of union with the [[first angel]] to rebel against the Heavenly Principles.<ref name=FotDG>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Finale of the Deep Galleries}}</ref><ref name="Jueyun Record">{{Ref/Book|Records of Jueyun#Vol. 4}}</ref>

==Other External Beings==
Little is known about beings external to Teyvat, and because information about Descenders was initially conflated with information about all outlanders, the following information is extrapolated from known examples of non-Descender outlanders.

Unlike Descenders, "regular" outlanders cannot change Teyvat's fate and cannot transcend the gods, specifically the Heavenly Principles and [[Celestia]]. Khaenri'ahns may have developed a method for distinguishing Descenders from ordinary outlanders,<ref name=":1">{{Ref/Book|Perinheri (I)}}</ref> but depending on the circumstances surrounding the [[Traveler's Sibling|Traveler's sibling]], this method may be fallible.<ref name="Portended">{{Ref/Quest|Portended Fate}}</ref><ref group="Note">[[Chlothar]]'s words to the Traveler's sibling and the conferment of a royal title on them have been interpreted to mean that Khaenri'ahns believed them to be a long-awaited Descender.</ref> Perinheri was one such ordinary outlander who Khaenri'ah hoped would turn out to be a Descender.<ref name=":1"/>

Notably, the Traveler's sibling is ''not'' presently considered a Descender.<ref name="C3A5 Sibling">{{Ref/Quest|A Toast to Victory|quote='''Nahida:''' (...) according to these records, the Fatui have not classified (the Traveler's) sibling as one of the "Descenders."}}</ref> 500 years ago, they were touted as the one who would "bring new strength and hope to Khaenri'ah," but things went awry and resulted in the [[cataclysm]], which ultimately doomed the kingdom.<ref name="Portended" /> Furthermore, their travels throughout Teyvat following the fall of Khaenri'ah have been recorded in Irminsul, leading Nahida to conclude that they originate from Teyvat; the Traveler suspects that either their memories are wrong, or "this world" has done something to their sibling.<ref name="C3A5"/> Scaramouche later divulges that Khaenri'ah might be the reason why records of the Sibling exist in Irminsul.<ref name="Night-Bird Sibling">{{Ref/Quest|The Night-Bird Falls at the Curtain's Call|quote='''The Balladeer:''' The reason why there are records about your {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}} in Irminsul... It might have something to do with [[Khaenri'ah]]. Apparently, Khaenri'ah was {{MC|m=she|f=he}} first destination when {{MC|m=she|f=he‍}} arrived in this world. Plus, ({{MC|m=she|f=he‍}} only came to this world because the heavens responded to the summoning.}}</ref>

[[Abyss]]al entities such as [[Gosoythoth]], the [[Tenebrous Papilla]] and [[Tenebrous Mimiflora|Mimiflora]], [[Riftwolves]],<ref name=Wolflord>{{Ref/Enemy|Golden Wolflord}}</ref><ref name="Concealed Claw">{{Ref/Item|Concealed Claw}}</ref> [[Durin]],<ref name="Festering Desire">{{Ref/Weapon|Festering Desire|quote=Unborn life, unfulfilled wishes,<br>
Tragic dreams at the edge of the universal darkness that could never come true,<br>
Indwell my body, and descend unto this world.}}</ref> [[Elynas]],<ref name="LDRD">{{Ref/Quest|Limner, Dreamer, and Robotic Dog|quote='''Elynas:''' Before I was born, I floated in the cosmic darkness.}}</ref> and their [[Melusine|children]],<ref name="Alien Life Core">{{Ref/Item|Alien Life Core}}</ref> are all considered alien to Teyvat. Based on historical texts such as ''[[Before Sun and Moon]]'', it is implied that these beings were first introduced to Teyvat by the [[Second Who Came]], who may themselves be a Descender. Later such entities were given physical form in Teyvat by [[Rhinedottir]] of the [[Five Sinners of Khaenri'ah]]. While not all alien beings are inherently corrosive or antagonistic to the world of Teyvat, those associated with the "universal darkness" between the stars are so, due to the nature of the [[Realm|Three Realms]]. It is however possible for peaceful coexistence to happen, as in the case of Elynas choosing to interact with [[Fontaine]] peacefully through Melusines and [[Breacher Primus|Breacher Primuses]].

Notably, some Abyss-aligned entities, such as [[Neohumans]], the [[Abyss Order]], and [[Black Serpents]], are not considered alien to Teyvat, as they were originally human before being transformed in the image of the Sinner [[Vedrfolnir]].<ref name="ReneNote">{{Ref/Item|Rene's Investigation Notes}}</ref><ref>Interactables: [[Records of Unknown Attribution#Records of Unknown Attribution (II)|Records of Unknown Attribution (II)]]</ref>

The [[All-Devouring Narwhal]] was brought to Teyvat by another of the Five Sinners, [[Surtalogi]], as a pet and eventually became a vehicle for the prophecy of Fontaine in the present day. Its consumption of the [[Primordial Sea]]'s waters and subsequent defeat at the Traveler and [[Neuvillette]]'s hands caused the prophesied flood, although the predicted dissolution of all Fontainians was averted due to Neuvillette's intervention.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Opera of Noirceur and Blancheur}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Hunters, Prophets}}</ref>

While [[Aloy]] is technically from another world and her Collected Miscellany calls her the first outlander Alice has seen "in centuries,"<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/bx2aWuUjxnE Collected Miscellany - "Aloy: Mystical Glow of Frost"]</ref> as a collaboration character, she has not been integrated into the ''Genshin Impact'' storyline. 

If ''Before Sun and Moon'' and [[Neuvillette]] are to be taken at face value, humans and most lifeforms found in modern Teyvat are also in fact aliens, brought from outside or created by the Heavenly Principles in the same manner that the Second Who Came brought the Abyss.<ref name="BSaM"/><ref>{{Ref/VO|Neuvillette|quote=... what would be most beneficial is if human civilization and the natural world of this planet could seek ways to co-exist with one another.}}</ref> Exceptions to this include [[Dragons]] and their kin or creations, as well as life derived from the Primordial Sea such as [[Fontemer Aberrants]], [[Egeria]], [[Oceanids]], [[Fontaine|Fontainians]], and [[Remuria]]ns.<ref name="Fontaine Glider">{{Ref/Item|Wings of Merciful, Wrathful Waters}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/CS|Neuvillette|Character Story 5|quote="In that case, why don't you just watch over the Fontainians? They were born from the Primordial Sea, after all. That makes them part of this planet's native life, too, and a form of life that requires your care."}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* Other powerful individuals have exhibited qualities shared by Descenders and outlanders, but their origins currently remain unclear:
** [[Alice]] is an "unaging,"<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The_Golden_Apple_Vacation_Returns! (Quest)}}</ref><ref group="Note">Given that Venti narrated his encounter with Alice and Klee as if it were a two-line story, it is unclear if Venti meant "unaging" in a literal sense or if he used the word for illustrative purposes.</ref> nigh-omnipotent witch capable of traveling to, and bringing back mementos from, other worlds.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Barbara|Alice's Idol Magazine}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Heavenly Stone's Debris|note=Zhiqiong quotes Alice's reference to the {{w|Crossing the Rubicon|Rubicon}}.}}</ref> She also narrates [[Aloy]] and [[Wanderer]]'s [[Collected Miscellany|Collected Miscellanies]] in [[Dainsleif]]'s place; Aloy does not come from this world and Wanderer erased himself from Irminsul, suggesting that Dainsleif cannot comment on their abilities but Alice can.
*** Alice's Descender-like qualities may be related to her duty of guarding Teyvat's "borders."<ref>{{Ref/Item|Wings of Feasting}}</ref> It also allows her to "see this world and everything that lives in it from a lot of different perspectives" and also grants her "special privileges," which she mentions in the context of Teyvat's "rules" but does not elaborate on.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/12SZu2t6Ak8 Collected Miscellany - "Wanderer: Any Way the Wind Blows"]</ref>
** [[Nicole Reeyn]], another member of the [[Hexenzirkel]] like Alice, is far older than the hundreds-of-years-old [[Barbeloth]] and appears to be immune to changes in Irminsul, or at least aware that changes to Irminsul were made.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|As Though Morning Dew}}</ref>
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Descender
|zhs     = 降临者
|zhs_rm  = Jiànglín-zhě
|zht     = 降臨者
|zht_rm  = Jiànglín-zhě
|zh_tl   = Descender
|ja      = 降臨者
|ja_rm   = Kourin-sha
|ja_tl   = Descender
|ko      = 강림자
|ko_rm   = Gangrimja
|ko_tl   = Descender
|es      = {{MC|m=Descendido|f=Descendida|nomc=1}}
|es_tl   = Descended One
|fr      = {{MC|m=Descendeur|f=Descendeuse|nomc=1}}
|fr_tl   = Descender
|ru      = {{MC|m=Сошедший|f=Сошедшая|nomc=1}}
|ru_tl   = Descended One
|th      = ผู้มาเยือน
|th_rm   = Phu Ma Yuean
|th_tl   = Visitor
|vi      = Kẻ Đổ Bộ
|vi_tl   = Outlander
|de      = Ankömmling
|de_tl   = Incomer
|id      = Descender
|pt      = {{MC|m=Descido|f=Descida|nomc=1}}
|pt_tl   = Descended One
|tr      = Gökten Gelen<!--right case?-->
|tr_tl   = One Who Came From The Skies
|it      = Discendente
|it_tl   = Descendant
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[es:Descendido]]
[[fr:Descendeur]]
[[ja:降臨者]]
[[ru:Сошедшие]]
[[th:ผู้มาเยือน]]
[[vi:Kẻ Đổ Bộ]]