{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Diluc
|id             = 368108
|image          = Character Diluc Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Diluc''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
*"Wine Guild..."
*"Agenda..."
*"Mission..."
*"Mondstadt..."
*"New intel..."
When the player is nearby:
*"There you are."
*"You seem in good spirits."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo diluc mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Ah, there you are, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo diluc mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' You appear to be in good spirits.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It's not bad.
::{{DIcon}} ..."Not bad"?
::{{DIcon}} So it's true what people say about your sophisticated tastes...
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Apologies, that wasn't intended as a slight against this residence.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Nor did I mean to upset you.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' All I meant was... It could take me some time to get accustomed to lodging here.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...But don't take it the wrong way.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...A chat of the idle variety?
::{{DIcon}} I forgot, you're not a fan of small talk...
:::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 02a 1.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' No, it's fine. I don't mind.
:::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 02a 2.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It's only fair that I set aside some time for you.
:::{{DIcon}} Are you still preoccupied with Mondstadt's security?
::{{DIcon}} You look so unhappy all the time, I thought I'd check in...
:::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 02b 1.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Unhappy...? Nothing of the sort.
:::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 02b 2.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I'm just thinking. Observing. Or planning.
:::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 02b 3.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' However... I appreciate your concern. I didn't mean to worry you.
:::{{DIcon}} Are you still preoccupied with Mondstadt's security?
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmph. How perceptive of you. Yes, I am.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Whether it's human avarice lurking in the shadows or a conspiracy from outside the human world...
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Evil-doers are only waiting for us to let our guard down.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' This is not what you wanted to talk about, is it?
::{{DIcon}} Never mind...
:::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 08a 1.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmm...
:::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 08a 2.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I think I need to engage in a little introspection...
::{{DIcon}} Knowing that Mondstadt has a protector like you puts my mind at ease.
:::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 08b 1.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmm...
:::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 08b 2.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' That's a given.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' But I will also try to find some conversation topics that align with your interests.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Yes... Take a sip of this.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It's an alcohol-free beverage based on a long-standing family recipe. But I put my own spin on it.
::{{DIcon}} So crisp and refreshing!
::{{DIcon}} What a mellow aftertaste!
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The look on your face suggests that was rather to your liking.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Well, I'm glad. I tried to adjust the recipe to match your taste, and from the looks of it, I succeeded in doing just that.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Now. I have a favor to ask of you.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' This drink hasn't been named yet. It wouldn't be appropriate to use its original name, since the recipe has been modified.
::{{DIcon}} You want me to name it?
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Well, it was made to suit your tastes. It's only fitting that you name it.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Or perhaps... I should name it after you?
::{{DIcon}} That'd be weird.
::{{DIcon}} Let me give this some more thought...
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...I suppose you're right.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Well, there's no rush, so take your time. I can always make another glass for you if you forget how it tastes.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Anywhere. Anytime.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Diluc. How are you doing?
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmm.. Nothing to complain about.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If I'm ever needed somewhere, just say the word. Don't hesitate.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Diluc.
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Good night...
::{{A|vo diluc mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...Never mind. You should get going.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Weapon Forging Station===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md diluc blacksmith 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' A sword is the most fundamental unit of strength, and each soldier is indispensable.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md diluc blacksmith 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' A good billet is the key to maintaining a good blade.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md diluc blacksmith 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' So don't be stingy when investing in your smithy.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dawn Orchard===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md diluc vineyard 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Many factors must be considered when managing an orchard. It's not necessarily easier than combat or chess.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md diluc vineyard 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Lost time from delayed weed removal can interfere with fruit quality and ultimately affect the taste of the wine.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md diluc vineyard 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I can assist you if necessary. Strive to become a qualified manager.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Дилюк/Компаньон]]