{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Diona
|id             = 368127
|image          = Character Diona Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Diona''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Daddy...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I wanna sunbathe...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Let's go hunting...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Disgusting alcohol...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} A special brew...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} ...No scent of alcohol.
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Oh? It's you.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo diona mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Oh? it's you, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo diona mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' *sniff* ...All clear! No scent of alcohol on you!
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hmph, adequate.
::{{DIcon}} Just adequate?
::{{DIcon}} Any suggestions?
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Well, the grass here isn't as soft as the spot where I usually take my afternoon nap.
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' There aren't as many butterflies here as in the meadow I like to go to.
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' And I can't hunt freely here like out in the wilderness.
::{{DIcon}} I'll... look into making some improvements.
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' But... there's no smell of alcohol lingering in the air here...
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' ...And no drunkards kicking up a fuss.
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' So... I think we can keep it the way it is...
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Uhh, I'm actually pretty busy here!
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' ...Still, I suppose a quick chat won't hurt.
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Let's do it &mdash; I know lots of great topics!
::{{DIcon}} Do you chat with other people a lot?
:::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship2 04a 1.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Well... the old drunkards try to chat with me all the time.
:::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship2 04a 2.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I never answer them, but that's still not enough to shut them up!
::{{DIcon}} What do you like to chat about?
:::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship2 04b 1.ogg}} '''Diona:''' ...I like to share my hunting tips with others, but...
:::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship2 04b 2.ogg}} '''Diona:''' ...The guys at the tavern only wanna talk about the harvest, girls they like, card game strategies... stuff like that.
:::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship2 04b 3.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I hate it. I make it pretty obvious that I'm not listening, but there's always someone at the bar rattling on to me.
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I always make a point of making them the most disgusting cocktail I can come up with.
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' But they drain every last drop and then ask for another glass! Ugh!
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Why do things have to be this way...?
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Uhh...
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' ...Actually... there is something I wanted your help with, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' See, most of the time I'm either making cocktails or hunting, so I always tie my hair up like this.
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' But... it's so relaxed here, there are no chores to do, plus nobody else has to see, soooo...
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I was wondering... would it be better if I... wore my hair down...?
::{{DIcon}} Whatever you like.
::{{DIcon}} I'm sure wearing it down would look just as lovely.
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Heh, really!?
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Well, in that case... could you help me with it?
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Diona:''' ...Wait! Firstly! I want to make it quite clear that this is not because I just enjoy the feeling of having my hair brushed, okay!? Ahem...
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Diona:''' And be gentle by the way. If you start tearing out hairs, hehe... I might just bite back!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Diona.
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Morning, (Traveler)!
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hey, if you're going out for a bit of sunshine... and if you wanted to take me with you... I wouldn't mind!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Diona.
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Good night, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' *sigh* If only the grown-ups at the tavern would behave responsibly and go home after dark, like you.
::{{A|vo diona mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Then I wouldn't have to be on duty all the time.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Weapon Forging Station===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md diona blacksmith 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hunting isn't easy, you know! You need the right techniques and weaponry.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md diona blacksmith 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Competent hunters go into the city every week to maintain their weapons, sometimes spending quite a bit of Mora.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md diona blacksmith 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' With this smithy, ha! I can do maintenance myself.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Idyllic Town===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md diona village 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Oh, how familiar... This place is very similar to my hometown.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md diona village 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' But you don't have any bars and drunkards here, right?
:{{A|vo mimitomo md diona village 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Purrfect, hehe! I'll find a room to settle down in!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[it:Diona/Compagnia]]
[[ja:ディオナ/塵歌壺]]
[[ru:Диона/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Diona/Konaklama]]