{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 08002
|image         = Archon Quest Dishonorable Trial.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = IV
|act           = We Will Be Reunited
|part          = 3
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|prev          = A Herald Without Adherents
|next          = A Soul Set Apart
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*800;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|characters    = Boreas;Barbara;Jean;Paimon;Razor;Rosaria;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|4|part=3}}

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Favonius Cathedral]]
# Talk to [[Barbara]]
# Talk to [[Dainsleif]]
# Go to [[Wolvendom]]
# Look for the [[Boreas|Great Wolf King of the North]]
# Talk to [[Razor]]
# Defeat all opponents

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|To investigate the plan that the [[Abyss Order]]'s talisman speaks of, you decide to head to the [[Favonius Cathedral|Cathedral]] in [[Mondstadt]] to consult the members of the Church.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Favonius Cathedral)
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' A huge statue, a grandiose Cathedral... The people of Mondstadt clearly spent a great deal of resources and energy to construct them.
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' But how aware of this was the Anemo Archon on receiving this gift, and how much did he give back in return?
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Faith doesn't ask for anything in return though, does it?
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Hmph, as long as the gods have a clear conscience about it all, there's nothing I can say about it.
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shh! We're about to enter the Cathedral. Don't say anything bad about the Anemo Archon...
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And actually, the Anemo Archon is... Gah, never mind.
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I never specifically said I would enter the Cathedral. I'll leave you two to mingle with the sisters.
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{DIcon}} But we've done everything else together.
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you curious?
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' You are the Honorary Knight of Mondstadt. They will surely allow you to poke into these affairs with their utmost trust.
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Having me tag along would only make them suspicious.
:{{DIcon}} Because they don't know you?
:{{DIcon}} You don't think you will be popular among the sisters?
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Correct, and just as our little friend said... I might say something bad about the Church at any time.
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 dainsleif 08.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' When a non-believer steps onto holy ground, the result is never pretty.
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 dainsleif 09.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I have never received the favor of the gods in the past. I don't see any reason I would need it now or in the future, either.
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 dainsleif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' That's enough about that. While we've been chit-chatting, the Abyss Order continues to act.
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay then, {{Traveler}}, we'll just go in ourselves and ask around.
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 dainsleif 11.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I should warn you about one thing. Don't go mentioning the [[Defiled Statue]] inside the Cathedral.
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 dainsleif 12.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The Church of Favonius wouldn't ignore the matter of the statue, but if they rashly tried anything against the Abyss Order, it would only ruin whatever element of surprise we may have.
:{{A|vo szaq003 1 dainsleif 13.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Also... Meddling in the affairs of the Abyss usually doesn't end well for anyone.

;(Talk to Dainsleif again)
:{{A|vo dialog szaq003 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Go in the Cathedral and ask around. I'll be waiting out here.
----
;(Talk to Barbara)
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Honorary Knight! Hi, how have you been? Do you need anything today?
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Agh... But I should first make it clear that if you want to borrow the Holy Lyre der Himmel again, we cannot oblige.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (It seems she hasn't realized it's just an illusion...)
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're here to ask some questions about something. Barbara, have you heard about "the first Field Tiller"?
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Hmm... What's that? "Field Tiller"... What does it do?
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, of course you wouldn't know anything about that, hehe... Okay, next question: Has the Church ever lost a Statue of The Seven?
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' You're here to ask about that old story? Well, I didn't expect that... That was such a long time ago, barely anyone mentions it nowadays.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' A long time ago, there was indeed one Statue of The Seven that disappeared one night without a trace.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Nearly every member of the Church joined the search for it, but it was never found.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' In the Church's records, as you might assume, this incident has been called "The Lost Statue of The Seven."
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... of course.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Of course?
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, nothing! So, do you have any other clues&mdash; uh, Paimon means... any other strange stories?
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Sorry, Barbara but we can't tell you about the statue we saw just yet... Like Dain said outside, it's for your own good...)
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Other strange stories? I'm not sure, let me think about what other unusual incidents are in the Church's records... Oh, "The Tyrant's Final Fury"? No, that's from another time, probably not related...
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "The Tyrant's Final Fury"?
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, this refers to a time of great danger that engulfed Old Mondstadt, the place now known as Stormterror's Lair.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 12.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Many, many years ago, there was a time when balls of fire would rain from the sky when anyone approached Old Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Balls of fire raining from the sky!? How terrifying...
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 13.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' People at that time believe that it was a curse laid down by the God of Storms, so they referred to it as "The Tyrant's Final Fury."
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 14.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' This strange phenomenon continued for about a year. No one was able to solve it, it just gradually ceased on its own.
:{{DIcon}} So bizarre.
:{{DIcon}} It's not necessarily related to the tyrant...
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 15.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Right! Later, the theory of "The Tyrant's Final Fury" became less probable in the eyes of the Church. Common reasoning dictates that the God of Storms wouldn't shoot fireballs...
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 16.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Perhaps it was something else that caused the disaster.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 17.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Anyway, this incident might not be related to "The Lost Statue of The Seven," but I just can't think of any other strange incidents that might be.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's okay. Thanks anyway!
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' There's that pointless word "thank you" again. I can never get used to hearing it...
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 18.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, Rosaria, It's you.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 rosaria 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' If you're looking for the Knights of Favonius, they're busy with those monsters again.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 19.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' "Those monsters"?
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 rosaria 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Those monsters that tried to attack Mondstadt last time, during the Stormterror incident.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wasn't that the Abyss Order!? They're at it again?
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 rosaria 04.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Indeed. They are gathering in {{Color|buzzword|Wolvendom}}, causing great unrest among the wolves.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 rosaria 05.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Could it be... that the Abyss Order is targeting the spirit of Lupus Boreas? As for what purpose, I can't say for certain.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 rosaria 06.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Master Jean has already headed off to {{Color|buzzword|Wolvendom}}. I must also begin to make a move myself.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 20.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Th&mdash;Then I will go as well!
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 rosaria 07.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Master Jean said you should stay at the church, and continue your work with the clergy.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 21.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' B&mdash;But... you're also a member of the clergy...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I will go to help as well.
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, we'll go give Master Jean a hand!
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 22.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh... Okay, if the Honorary Knight will be there, then...
:{{A|vo szaq003 3 barbara 23.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But please, everyone, be careful. May the Anemo Archon protect you all.
----
;(Talk to Dainsleif)
:{{A|vo szaq003 4 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I see... Has the Abyss Order already launched a new operation...?
:{{A|vo szaq003 4 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' This could very well have something to do with the Defiled Statue. We should go as well.
:{{A|vo szaq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, what is the Abyss Order going to Wolvendom for anyway? Are they looking to do the same they did with Dvalin? Aaaah... Not again!
:{{A|vo szaq003 4 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' No, that's not likely.
:{{A|vo szaq003 4 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Unlike Osial, who was just suppressed, Andrius died long ago.
:{{A|vo szaq003 4 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Today it is just his spirit that stands guard over Wolvendom.
:{{A|vo szaq003 4 dainsleif 06.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The Abyss Herald may just be targeting the spirit of Andrius in an attempt to garner some information from one of the Anemo Archon's old companions.
----
;(Approach the entrance of Wolvendom)
:{{A|vo szaq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaah! The Abyss Order!
:{{A|vo szaq003 5 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Don't underestimate the enemy, let's take them now!

;(Defeating the enemies)
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... there sure are a lot of enemies around here!
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 01.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The closer we get to the target the more enemies there are. Hmph, fits the Abyss Order's style.
:{{DIcon}} We should hurry and find Lupus Boreas.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Let's go!
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 02.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I'm... not going any further.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why not? Is it because you're afraid of fluffy animals?
:{{DIcon}} That's... probably not it.
:{{DIcon}} Aren't fluffy things cute?
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 03.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It has nothing to do with wolves. It's because Boreas was an ancient god, yet he willingly became a servant of The Seven.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 04.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I cannot possibly agree with his actions. I don't desire any interaction with him.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 05.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Besides, you're the one people like. I'm... less likable.
:{{DIcon}} You really despise The Seven, huh.
::{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 06a.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' There's nothing special about gods anyway.
:{{DIcon}} You really don't like social interaction, huh.
::{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 06b.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I have no problem interacting with people. But interacting with gods... that's a different story.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 07.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' It's just my opinion, but a word of advice: Always be on your guard when around gods.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 08.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' You shouldn't place too much trust in them. But at the same time, don't go too far in the opposite direction... Don't go trying to overthrow them, or hunt them down.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 09.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Even if the god in question is your sworn enemy.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't trust them, and don't hunt them... That's some awkward advice. Does Dain hate The Seven, or is he protecting them?
:{{DIcon}} Why is your opinion so contradictory?
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 10.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' ...
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 11.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Lest I repeat the failings of my forebears.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 12.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' I... will tell you one final fact.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What fact?
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 13.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' The destruction of the nation of Khaenri'ah by the gods... is the reason why the Abyss Order now seeks to destroy the nations watched over by The Seven.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 dainsleif 14.ogg}} '''Dainsleif:''' Well, enough chit-chat. We should get back to business. I will go take care of the remaining Abyss Order members in the area. Try and keep your visit with Boreas brief. Afterward, let's meet at the entrance to Wolvendom.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... There he goes...
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a strange man.
:{{DIcon}} I can kind of see where he's coming from.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's true. You also keep your guard up against unfamiliar gods.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At the Rite of Descension in Liyue, your decision was very similar to what Dain would do...
:{{DIcon}} When there's a lack of trust, it's best to just avoid the situation entirely...
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Not the easiest situation...
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Honorary Knight! Paimon! What are you two doing here?
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Master Jean! So glad we found you.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Rosaria told us that you came here to fight the Abyss Order, so we came to help.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Then your help is greatly appreciated. The Abyss Order's sudden offensive is very strange, they have surrounded Wolvendom. I am preparing to send out some knights to fight back.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I just scouted out all of Wolvendom... but I did not see you.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 qin 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Rosaria told me that the Abyss Order is going after Boreas.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 qin 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' But the Abyss Order and Boreas... What is the connection between them?
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They just like to cause trouble. Do they really need a reason?
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Abyss Order already went after Dvalin, it's not too surprising that they would also go after another one of the Anemo Archon's buddies.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 qin 06.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Hmm... That is true...
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 qin 07.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Regardless, whether the reason behind the present threat is clear or not, I'll handle the situation.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 qin 08.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Honorary Knight, please go and check if Lupus Boreas is in any danger.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 qin 09.ogg}} '''Jean:''' This god's spirit... he does not often see people. But I hear that you have met him before.Maybe it is best that you are also the one to meet him this time.
:{{DIcon}} I'll do it.
:{{A|vo szaq003 6 qin 10.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Okay, be careful. Thank you for your help, Honorary Knight of Favonius.
----
;(Approach the arena)
:{{A|vo szaq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *gasp* Look over there, it's Razor! And... the Abyss Herald!

;(Approach Razor)
:{{A|vo szaq003 8 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' You... not welcome here!
:{{A|vo szaq003 8 abyssinvoker 01.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' Ahahaha... So, the wolf's wretched spirit likes to raise wild pups now?
:{{A|vo szaq003 8 abyssinvoker 02.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' You claim to be a guardian, yet your once-sharp claws have clearly dulled since your days of godly glory.
:{{A|vo szaq003 8 abyssinvoker 03.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' If you serve us, we can restore your divine powers you once held in the past.
:{{A|vo szaq003 8 boreas 01.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' Lies... lies...
:{{A|vo szaq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the heck is this ceremony? He looks like he's in a lot of pain.
:{{A|vo szaq003 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no... Is this the same thing they did to corrupt Dvalin's mind?
:{{A|vo szaq003 8 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Wolves never surrender. But... this can't go on.
:{{DIcon}} I'll stop this.
:{{DIcon}} Time for another round with the Abyss Herald.
:{{A|vo szaq003 8 abyssinvoker 04.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' No matter how many times you resist us, your efforts are all in vain...
----
;(After defeating the enemies)
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 abyssinvoker 01.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' Hmph... The ceremony was interrupted. How fortunate for you.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 abyssinvoker 02.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' How does an old spirit have such determined will...?
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 abyssinvoker 03.ogg}} '''Abyss Herald:''' No matter. This is but a small unforeseen variable. Our grand scheme will not be affected.
:;(The Abyss Herald summons a portal and disappears)
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It disappeared again...
:{{DIcon}} At least we stopped it this time.
:{{DIcon}} It sure ran away quickly.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Thank you, you came... just in time.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 boreas 01.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' Human Lupical... I am ashamed that you must see me in my present state.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 boreas 02.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' But still, the Abyss Herald underestimated my strength.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Lupus Boreas never refused trial. But, scary outsider... not respect trial rules.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 razor 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I, too, didn't see... the trap...
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... So you mean, the Abyss Order had everything prepared to corrupt Lupus Boreas' mind, then lured him out under the pretense of challenging him in a trial?
:{{DIcon}} It's not your fault, Razor.
:{{DIcon}} Come on, cheer up.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Thank you, {{Traveler}}. In the future, my claws... must get sharper.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 razor 05.ogg}} '''Razor:''' You... smelled danger, and came here?
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, we heard about the danger. Paimon's nose doesn't even know what danger smells like!
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Besides coming to help, we actually have something to ask you about, too.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Excuse us, Mr. Wolf God, do you know anything about the first Field Tiller?
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 boreas 03.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' I pay no heed to the contraptions of humans. I know not what this "Field Tiller" is, though there was indeed one human-made machine that I can never forget.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 boreas 04.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' It entered into my proving ground by accident, and I mistook it for a challenger.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 boreas 05.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' But it could not think, only fight. It was designed as a pure killing machine from top to bottom.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 boreas 06.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' I eventually damaged it greatly with one of my attacks. Before it fell to the ground, it fled the proving ground.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmmm... By the sound of it, it's possible that could have been the very first Field Tiller, right?
:{{DIcon}} Could it spin?
::{{A|vo szaq003 9 boreas 07a.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' Yes. It could spin, leap high into the air, and even shoot fireballs. Although no match for a god, it was stronger than even many who wield Visions.
:{{DIcon}} Could it shoot missiles?
::{{A|vo szaq003 9 boreas 07b.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' "Missiles"? I do not know this strange word... As I said, I pay no attention to the contraptions of humans.
::{{A|vo szaq003 9 boreas 07b 1.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' It could spin, leap high into the air, and even shoot fireballs. Although no match for a god, it was stronger than even many who wield visions.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fireballs...? Hey, didn't we hear this somewhere else recently as well?
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, this pretty much proves that the first Field Tiller came to Mondstadt, doesn't it?
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It sounds like the first one was way stronger than the mass-produced Ruin Guards that came after.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But in this story, it was damaged at the proving ground while fighting the Wolf of the North...
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 razor 06.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Don't know... But, did we help?
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes, you were a big help! Thanks!
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We need to keep investigating something super important. The Abyss Herald may have left but the Abyss's forces are still attacking. You two be careful!
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 razor 07.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Yes. I smell... more danger. Bigger danger.
:{{A|vo szaq003 9 razor 08.ogg}} '''Razor:''' You two, also be careful.
:{{A|vo szaq003 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well that was some good intel, quick let's go tell Dain!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Trivia==
* If the player enters combat with an enemy at the [[Wolf of the North Challenge]] arena, an [https://youtu.be/xTlOpeZhHGY untitled battle theme] will play (does not play while in combat with [[Andrius]]). This soundtrack apparently was intended for the fight against the [[Abyss Herald: Wicked Torrents|Abyss Herald]] during this Archon Quest.
** The soundtrack shares a motif with "[[Make Haste, Partner]]."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dishonorable Trial
|zhs     = 不荣誉的试炼
|zhs_rm  = Bù Róngyù de Shìliàn
|zht     = 不榮譽的試煉
|zht_rm  = Bù Róngyù de Shìliàn
|zh_tl   = Dishonorable Trial
|ja      = 誇りのない試練
|ja_rm   = Hokori no Nai Shiren
|ja_tl   = Dishonorable Trial
|ko      = 명예롭지 못한 시련
|ko_rm   = Myeongyeropjji Motan Siryeon
|ko_tl   = Dishonorable Trial
|es      = Una prueba poco honoraria
|es_tl   = A Slightly Dishonorable Trial
|fr      = L'épreuve du déshonorable
|fr_tl   = The Trial of the Dishonorable
|ru      = Бесчестный вызов
|ru_tl   = Dishonorable Challenge
|th      = การท้าทายที่ไร้เกียรติ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Dishonorable Challenge
|vi      = Thí Luyện Không Vinh Quang
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unehrenhafte Prüfung
|de_tl   = Dishonorable Trial
|id      = Tantangan yang Memalukan
|id_tl   = Humiliating Challenge
|pt      = Julgamento sem Honra
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Onursuz Deneme
|tr_tl   = Dishonorable Trial
|it      = Prova disonorevole
|it_tl   = Dishonorable Trial
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}

[[es:Una prueba poco honoraria]]
[[ja:誇りのない試練]]
[[pt-br:Julgamento sem Honra]]
[[vi:Thí Luyện Không Vinh Quang]]