{{Community}}
'''Displacement''' refers to the ability to displace (move) or inhibit the movement of enemies to strategically gain an advantage or reposition (or prevent from repositioning) enemies for an intended goal or purpose.

One of the main forms of displacement is referred to colloquially as {{w|Crowd control (video games)|'''Crowd Control'''}} (CC), which refers to the ability to effectively disable mobs of enemies, for example by clumping them into a certain area or making them lose control.<ref>Wowpedia: [https://wowpedia.fandom.com/wiki/Crowd_control Crowd Control]</ref> Crowd Control can be achieved many ways, including via certain [[Elemental Reaction]]s and combat [[talent]]s. Crowd Control abilities can be classified into the following types:
* '''[[Vacuum Field]]''' (also colloquially Clumping/Pulling/Grouping): Objects that displace enemies or players within an AoE towards or away from the center.
* '''[[Interruption Resistance|Knockback]]:''' Once a target takes enough Poise Damage to enter a vulnerable state, attacks will cause a set directional force upon targets and displace them depending on the attack's Stagger Level.
* '''Immobilization:''' As is done with Mona's [[Stellaris Phantasm]] and the Petrification of Zhongli's [[Planet Befall]]. Permanently freezing enemies can also provide Crowd Control.
* '''[[Taunt]]ing:''' Drawing enemies into a specified area, which provides some degree of Crowd Control as well.

Enemies can also use Crowd Control skills to affect the players' movement.

==Vacuum Field==
{{Main|Vacuum Field}}

===Talents===
Certain characters' Elemental Skills and bursts have grouping or pulling properties.
{{Talents by Category Table|Vacuum Field Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|Vacuum Field Constellations}}

==Knockback==
{{Main|Interruption Resistance}}

==Immobilization==
Immobilization or stun renders a character or enemy unable to move and unable to use skills. Unlike [[Interruption Resistance|Interruption]], immobilization lasts until it is broken.

Immobilization, in addition to the listed talents, is triggered by:
* The [[Frozen]] elemental reaction
* Hydro bubbles made by [[Hydro Abyss Mage]]s, [[Large Hydro Slime]]s, and other [[Status Effects]]
* During certain Story Quests

Individual character's immobilization is broken by pressing the 🔗 button. If broken by physical means such as strong attacks then it deals additional damage. It also breaks automatically after several seconds.

{{Talents by Category Table|Immobilization Talents}}

==Taunting==
{{Main|Aggravation}}
The following character skills can taunt the enemy and change their aggro target.
{{Talents by Category Table|Taunting Talents}}

==Weapon Passives==
The following weapons also have Displacement abilities.
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Displacement Passive Weapons}}

==Elemental Reactions==
{{Stub|More testing is needed to understand when Overloaded on a player causes an explosion and when Overloaded due to the environment causes an explosion (e.g. puddle of Electro on the ground combined with burning grass)}}
The [[Overloaded]] reaction causes an explosion that pushes the target and the target's surrounding allies back.

The [[Electro-Charged]] reaction periodically interrupts movement, including attacks.

The [[Frozen]] reaction immobilizes enemies and is notable for how it can be constantly renewed on most enemies, including many [[Elite Enemies]]. Constant renewal of the Frozen reaction is colloquially known as ''permafreeze''.

==Enemies==
{{Transclude|Vacuum Field|Enemies}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Combat Navbox}}

[[Category:Combat]]