{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19022
|image         = Hangout Event Distant Gaze.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Chongyun
|actNum        = I
|act           = Signs of Evil
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Hard to Track
|next          = The Exorcist's Path
|nextNote      = Branch 1
|next2         = Popsicles and Their Curious Uses
|nextNote2     = Branch 2
|characters    = Chongyun; Dalong; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Distant Gaze''''' is a quest in the first branch of {{Quest|Signs of Evil}}.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Dalong|the child]] who was looking your way

==Gameplay Notes==
* Branches:
** '''On the Evil Spirits' Trail:''' Select ''What if you just give him one of the popsicles?''
*** Follows up with [[The Exorcist's Path]], leading to the Blessings In Disguise ending.
** '''Popsicle Emergency:''' Select ''Since he has a sister, you should probably give him both.''
*** Follows up with [[Popsicles and Their Curious Uses]], leading to either the Idle Amusements or Can't Beat This Heat endings.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The young thaumaturge [[Chongyun]] has obtained a great amount of (rather unreliable-sounding) information concerning evil spirits. He seems a little dejected when you point this out. As he uses a popsicle to suppress his pure-yang spirit, you both feel someone's gaze on you from the side.}}
===A Curious Gaze===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Dalong)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 long 01.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' O&mdash;Oh, huh?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 long 02.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Sorry, I'll leave now.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' No, please relax, there's no need to worry. We're not here for trouble. We couldn't help but notice you standing here for a while and thought that you might have something on your mind.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 long 03.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' No, there's nothing on my mind, I just thought... the thing you were eating looked tasty.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 long 04.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' My sister just loves food. She's always super happy whenever we get some tasty snacks.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 long 05.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' I'm her big brother and I should take care of her, but... Mom says we are too poor and she never lets me buy any snacks.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Oh, you mean one of my popsicles? I'm afraid you wouldn't find them very tasty, though.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 long 06.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' It doesn't matter. My sister's never had anything like that before. I know she'd be happy to try one. Hmm, come to think of it, I've never had one either...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I see. Hmm... That might be difficult.
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Well, I only have two popsicles left.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' These popsicles are very important to me, and I might need them if we encounter an evil spirit. Without them, I might not be able to control my constitution.
:{{Hangout Branch|What if you just give him one of the popsicles?|The Exorcist's Path}}
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Just give him one? Hmm, I suppose keeping the other for myself will be enough.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' You see, my young friend, these popsicles are very important to me. I'm afraid I can only give you one.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 long 07.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' That's okay, I don't need one, just as long as my sister is happy! Thanks a lot!
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 long 08.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Woah, it's already starting to melt. E&mdash;Excuse me, I'd better hurry back to Chihu Rock now!
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 08.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I never expected that something I use to suppress my yang energy would be so appealing to kids.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 09.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Anyway, back to our hunt for evil spirits.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 10.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Earlier, it seemed like you could easily discern which clues were most credible. You must truly be a knowledgeable and seasoned adventurer.
::{{DIcon}} I was just using good ol' common sense...
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 11.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I still have numerous clues from [[Xingqiu|my friend]] which I haven't sorted through yet. With my limited experience, it's hard to tell whether they're reliable leads.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 12.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If you'd be willing, could you please come and take a look with me?
::{{DIcon}} Sure thing.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 13.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Alright, let's go to [[Wanwen Bookhouse]]. Please, follow me.
:;(Continues to [[The Exorcist's Path]])
:{{Hangout Branch|Since he has a sister, you should probably give him both.|Popsicles and Their Curious Uses}}
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 14.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Hmm, you're right. I'll just have to make do without my popsicles then.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 15.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Here, my young friend, you can have my last two popsicles. You and your sister can each have one.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 long 09.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Really!? Wow! Th&mdash;Thanks a lot!
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 long 10.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Hehe, just wait until my sister tries this. I haven't seen her smile in a long time!
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 long 11.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Woah, it's already starting to melt. E&mdash;Excuse me, I'd better hurry back to Chihu Rock now!
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 16.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I never expected that something I use to suppress my yang energy would be so appealing to kids.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 17.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' *sigh* But I wonder how I'll manage without any popsicles...
::{{DIcon}} Can't you buy some more?
::{{DIcon}} Are they difficult to make?
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 18.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I usually get my popsicles from [[Wanmin Restaurant]] on special order. The ingredients are not complicated, but the restaurant is always bustling with business and [[Chef Mao]] is usually too busy to take my order.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 19.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Now that I've used all my supply, I'll have to trouble him to make more.
::{{DIcon}} I'll go with you.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 20.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Oh, no need! I'm sure I can manage it on my own.
::{{DIcon}} I'm a little worried about you.
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 21.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Oh, perhaps you were concerned about my unwell appearance earlier.
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 22.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I appreciate your concern, but please don't worry about me. I assure you, I'm not that fragile.
::{{DIcon}} I'm concerned about your abundance of yang energy.
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 23.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' It's nothing to worry about. Over the years, I've grown quite accustomed to the discipline required to rein in my condition.
::{{DIcon}} I was the one who convinced you to give away all your popsicles in the first place.
:::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 24.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' No, please don't feel at fault. I think you made the right choice.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 25.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But if you're offering to come along, then I won't refuse.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902201 chongyun 26.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Alright, please follow me to Wanmin Restaurant.
:;(Continues to [[Popsicles and Their Curious Uses]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Distant Gaze
|zhs     = 远处的视线
|zhs_rm  = Yuǎnchù de Shìxiàn
|zht     = 遠處的視線
|zht_rm  = Yuǎnchù de Shìxiàn
|zh_tl   = Distant Line of Sight
|ja      = 遠くから感じる視線
|ja_rm   = Tooku kara Kanjiru Shisen
|ja_tl   = Gaze Felt from Distance
|ko      = 멀리서 느껴지는 시선
|ko_tl   = Gaze Felt from Afar
|es      = Visión lejana
|es_tl   = Far Sight
|fr      = Observation lointaine
|fr_tl   = Distant Observation
|ru      = Дальновидение
|ru_tl   = Farseeing
|th      = สายตาที่จ้องมาแต่ไกล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ánh Mắt Từ Xa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Blick aus der Ferne
|de_tl   = Gaze from Afar
|id      = Pandangan Jauh
|id_tl   = Distant Gaze
|pt      = Olhar Distante
|pt_tl   = Distant Gaze
|tr      = Uzaktan Bakan Biri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sguardo distante
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}