{{Event
|name              = Divine Ingenuity Interaction Platform
|image             = Divine Ingenuity Interaction Platform.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-06-08 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-06-29 03:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/111802
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/ugc-page-ingenuity/index.html?act_id=e202303151065#/
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|A mysterious [[domain]] has appeared on the outskirts of [[Mondstadt]]. They say that you can redesign it at will. Let your imagination run free when customizing your very own Custom Domain!<br>At the same time, the "[[Divine Ingenuity]]" Interaction Platform is available for a limited time. You can present your own Custom Domains by uploading videos and images of your Domains to the platform. You can also view other Travelers' Domains and select your favorite Domains to challenge them in-game. You can even upload the recordings of your challenges!<br>Showcase your wonderful imagination and exchange Domain design ideas with other Travelers!}}
'''Divine Ingenuity Interaction Platform''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.7]].

==Event Duration==
June 8, 2023 – June 29, 2023 03:59

After the end of the event, you can continue to visit and view the works on the page, but you cannot manage submissions (i.e.: submit or remove works), upload challenge videos, or like and favorite works. Please participate in the event while it is available!

==Event Description==
During the event, after posting your Custom Domain for the "[[Divine Ingenuity: Collector's Chapter]]" event in-game, you can go to the "Divine Ingenuity" Interaction Platform to post and share your own Domain. You can also browse other Travelers' exciting Domains in the page, copy Domain IDs to play in-game, like and favorite your favorite works, etc. In addition, you can upload videos of yourselves challenging others' Domains.

* Please note that the "Divine Ingenuity" event will be available in-game at 10:00 (Server Time) on June 8, 2023. Please feel free to participate in the event then and share your challenge videos by submitting them to the "Divine Ingenuity" Interaction Platform.

==Submission of Domains==
You can publish on the platform the Domains you have successfully created in-game, upload videos and images, and edit the titles, descriptions, and labels of your submission to introduce your works. Once your entry is posted and approved, it can be searched for and viewed by other Travelers.

==Challenge Videos==
During the event, post the challenge videos of approved Domains on the platform. You cannot post multiple challenge videos for the same Domain.

==My Favorites==
You can add works you are interested in to your favorites on the "Divine Ingenuity" Interaction Platform. A maximum of 99 works can be favorited.

==Other Details==
# The publishing of content that violates laws, regulations, or community rules is prohibited. By participating in this event, you agree to have your in-game avatar, character nickname, and UID displayed on the work published on the event platform.
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources and make sure to obtain authorization.
* More details about the rules of the event can be found on the event rules on the event page.
* This web event is provided purely for entertainment. It is not indicative of any related gameplay features in Genshin Impact.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

[[fr:Ingéniosité divine/Événement Web]]
[[pt-br:Plataforma de Interação "Engenhosidade Divina"]]