{{Event Tabs
|rootpage = Divine Ingenuity/2023-06-08
|subpage1 = Artificer Archive
|subpage2 = Custom Domains
|subpage3 = Characters
}}

==Custom Domains==
===Play===
Enter Domain ID to Search or use the [[Divine Ingenuity Interaction Platform]] to search designs.

===Design===
{{Description|
Travelers, please ensure that you follow our Terms of Service while in the Divine Ingenuity event. To create a healthy gaming environment, please read and confirm that you will not instigate or take part in:<br><br>1. The creation of content that discriminates against any race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, ethnicity, political alignment, or region.<br>2. The bullying or insulting of any Travelers or groups of Travelers.<br>3. Inappropriate sharing of content.<br>4. Disrespecting another Traveler's creations.<br>5. Pointless functions or repeating loops that draw heavily from resources.<br>6. Any other content or behavior that violates the Terms of Service.<br><br>We may have to restrict your use of the game services if you do not follow these rules. This may include suspension, restriction, or a ban on participation in "Divine Ingenuity," login suspension, or account forfeiture.|Disclaimer}}
There are 5 blank slots to save domain designs.

===Collect===
Players can favorite 10 domains and 20 areas.

==Settings==
===Domain Settings===
====Basic Settings====
;HP Settings
:;Set HP
:;Set Life Points
::Enemies cnnot be placed after Life Points have been set
::;Set Number of Life Points
:::1 - 10
;Limitations
:;Ally Restrictions
::Select Characters
:;Co-Op Participant Capacity
::1 - 2
:; Maximum Time(s) Party May Fall
::1 - 10
:;Domain Time Limit
::0{{Colon}}30 - 99{{Colon}}59
:;Character cannot attack
::Off/On

====Completion Criteria====
;Method to obtain Artificer Points
:;Fusion Domain
::Defeat Opponent(s)
::Obtain Adventure Coin(s)
::Open Chest(s)
::Complete Area Challenge(s)
:;Combat Domain
::Defeat Opponent(s)
:;Parkour Domain
::Obtain Adventure Coin(s)
:;Obstacle Course Domain
::Complete Area Challenge(s)
;Domain Calculations
:;Based on Artificer Points
::;Artificer Points needed to complete Domain
:::5 - 6000
::;Based on Fixed Duration
::The challenge will be considered successful once the time limit has been reached

===Area Overview===
Areas can be added from templates or favorites, emptied, deleted, or moved.

{{Description|You can only proceed to the next area after completing the challenge objectives set for the present one. If there are no set challenge requirements in this area, you can proceed directly to next area|Area Challenge Settings}}
;Collect Adventure Coin(s)
:Off/On
;Defeat Opponent(s)
:Off/On

===Edit Settings===
;Environment Settings
:;Hide Walls
::Off/On
;Trigger Settings
:;While an event trigger is pending, all objects that it would trigger to become visible are confi ured as "hidden b default."
::Off/On

===Hotkeys===
;Settings
:F1
;Reset camera
:R
;Pan Camera Up
:E
;Pan Camera Down
:Q
;Restore
:Left Ctrl+Y
;Cancel
:Left Ctrl+Z
;Save and Test
:Left Ctrl+S
;Confirm Action
:Space
;Focus
:R
;Horizontal-Vertical Switch
:Z
;Rotate
:X
;Copy
:C
;Take
:V
;Settings
:F
;Trigger
:T
;Batch Select
:G
;Select artificed set
:U
;Move Camera Forward
:W
;Move Camera Back
:S
;Move Camera Left
:A
;Move Camera Right
:D

==Artificer Archive==
{{Main|Divine Ingenuity/2023-06-08/Artificer Archive|l1=Artificer Archive}}

===Opponent Sets===
* Hilichurl Set
* Hilichurl Reinforcements Set
* Mitachurl Set
* Samachurl Set
* Lawachurl Set
* Slime Set
* Large Slime Set
* Oceanid Mimic Set
* Treasure Hoarder Set
* Treasure Hoarder Reinforcements Set
* Eremites Set
* Elite Eremites Set
* Nobushi Set
* Kairagi Set
* Specter Set
* Fungi Set
* Large Fungi Set
* Humanoid Machine Set
* Bizarrely-Shaped Machines Set
* Dragon-Shaped Machine Set
* Primal Constructs Set
* Geovishaps Set
* Bathysmal Vishaps Set
* Cryo Regisvine
* Pyro Regisvine
* Electro Regisvine
* Electro Hypostasis
* Jadeplume Terrorshroom

===Opponent Groups===
* Hilichurl Group
* Concentrated Elemental Energy Group
* Automaton Group
* Mischief-Maker Group
* Strange Mystical Beast Group

===Preset Sets===
{{Components by Category Gallery|Divine Ingenuity: Collector's Chapter Components&Preset Sets Components|header=Preset Sets}}