{{DamageBonusTabs}}
{{See also|Damage#General Damage Formula}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Combat
}}
'''DMG Bonuses''' are one of the means of increasing [[damage]].

DMG Bonus refers to all percentage-based DMG bonuses, including Elemental and Physical DMG Bonuses, which are listed in the in-game attribute [[Character Menu|menu]]. Other types of Percentage DMG Bonuses (Normal/Charged/Plunging Attack, Elemental Skill, Elemental Burst, etc.) are not shown in the menu, but are still considered Percentage Damage Bonuses. DMG Bonuses from different sources stack additively.

Percentage DMG Bonuses are not to be confused with [[Damage#Additive Base DMG Bonus|Additive Base DMG Bonus]] or [[Damage#Base DMG Multiplier|Base DMG Multiplier]], which are calculated differently in the DMG formula.

==Elemental/Physical==
Elemental and Physical DMG Bonuses are Percentage Damage Bonuses visible as [[attributes]] in the stats screen. Only one of the following Elemental / Physical DMG Bonuses will apply at a time depending on the attack's element. For a list of talents and constellations that boost a particular elemental DMG Bonus, see the corresponding subpage.
{| class="article-table tdc1"
! [[Element]] !! Damage Bonus
|-
| {{Element|Anemo|30}} || [[Anemo DMG Bonus]]
|-
| {{Element|Cryo|30}} || [[Cryo DMG Bonus]]
|-
| {{Element|Dendro|30}} || [[Dendro DMG Bonus]]
|-
| {{Element|Electro|30}} || [[Electro DMG Bonus]]
|-
| {{Element|Geo|30}} || [[Geo DMG Bonus]]
|-
| {{Element|Hydro|30}} || [[Hydro DMG Bonus]]
|-
| {{Element|Pyro|30}} || [[Pyro DMG Bonus]]
|-
| {{Element|Physical|30}} || [[Physical DMG Bonus]]
|}

===Ascension===
Some characters can increase their Elemental [[Damage]] Bonus [[attribute]] upon [[Character#Ascensions|ascension]]. At Levels 80–90, it is up to 28.8% for 5 star characters and 24.0% for 4 star characters. For {{Color|Physical DMG Bonus}}, it is currently unknown for 5 star characters and 30.0% for 4 star characters.
{|class="wikitable tdc1"
! Element !! Character
|-
| {{Icon/Element|Anemo|30|link=1}}
| {{Cards by Category|Anemo DMG Bonus Characters}}
|-
| {{Icon/Element|Cryo|30|link=1}}
| {{Cards by Category|Cryo DMG Bonus Characters}}
|-
| {{Icon/Element|Dendro|30|link=1}}
| {{Cards by Category|Dendro DMG Bonus Characters}}
|-
| {{Icon/Element|Electro|30|link=1}}
| {{Cards by Category|Electro DMG Bonus Characters}}
|-
|{{Icon/Element|Geo|30|link=1}}
| {{Cards by Category|Geo DMG Bonus Characters}}
|-
| {{Icon/Element|Hydro|30|link=1}}
| {{Cards by Category|Hydro DMG Bonus Characters}}
|-
| {{Icon/Element|Pyro|30|link=1}}
| {{Cards by Category|Pyro DMG Bonus Characters}}
|-
| {{Icon/Element|Physical|30|link=1}}
| {{Cards by Category|Physical DMG Bonus Characters}}
|}

===Artifacts===
====Elemental====
{{Artifacts by Category Table|collapsible=1|Elemental DMG Bonus Artifacts}}

====Physical====
{{Artifacts by Category Table|collapsible=1|Physical DMG Bonus Artifacts}}

==Other DMG Bonus==
These DMG bonuses are neither elemental nor physical. They target DMG from specific sources such as Normal/Charged/Plunging Attack DMG, Elemental Skill DMG, Elemental Burst DMG, or all types of DMG.

===Elemental Resonance===
The {{Element|Geo|24}} [[Enduring Rock]] Elemental Resonance increases DMG by 15% for 15s for characters protected by a [[shield]].

===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|collapsible=1|DMG Bonus Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|collapsible=1|DMG Bonus Constellations}}

===Weapons===
{{Weapons by Category Table|collapsible=1|DMG Bonus Passive Weapons}}

===Artifacts===
{{Artifacts by Category Table|collapsible=1|DMG Bonus Artifacts}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = {{tt|DMG|Damage}} Bonus
|zhs     = 伤害加成
|zhs_rm  = Shānghài Jiāchéng
|zht     = 傷害加成
|zht_rm  = Shānghài Jiāchéng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ダメージアップ
|ja_rm   = Dameeji Appu
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 피해 보너스
|ko_tl   = Damage Bonus
|es      = Bono de Daño
|es_tl   = Damage Bonus
|fr      = Bonus {{tt|DGT|(de) dégâts}}
|fr_tl   = {{tt|DMG|Damage}} Bonus
|ru      = Бонус урона
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = โบนัสความเสียหาย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tăng Sát Thương
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = {{tt|SCH-Bonus|Schadensbonus}}
|de_tl   = {{tt|DMG|Damage}} Bonus
|id      = Bonus {{tt|DMG|Damage}}
|pt      = Bônus de Dano
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Hasar Bonusu
|tr_tl   = Damage Bonus
|it      = Bonus {{tt|DAN|<!--danno?-->}}
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Attribute Navbox}}

[[ja:ダメージアップ]]
[[pt-br:Bônus de Dano]]
[[vi:Tăng Sát Thương]]