{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest Docked on a Moonlit Night.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|event_name    = Of Drink A-Dreaming
|summary       = Ningguang takes a vacation with Beidou, and the two stop by Angel's Share to order drinks served by the Traveler.
|requirement   = Complete [[Dandelion, Rose, and Windwheel Aster]] and [[Surrounded by the Aroma of Tea]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = 
|primogems     = 60
|mora          = 40,000
|other         = 
|characters    = Beidou; Ningguang; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Docked on a Moonlit Night''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Drink A-Dreaming]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Luka]] and enter the tavern
# Head to the counter and get ready to open for business
# Talk to [[Ningguang]] and [[Beidou]]
# Mix Ningguang the specified drink
#* "I'll have a small Birch Sap, on the sour side."
# Mix Beidou the specified drink
#* "Uh... I will have a... a large Dusk, please. Thanks!"
# Give the drinks to Ningguang and Beidou

==Gameplay Notes==
* "I'll have a small Birch Sap, on the sour side."
** {{Ingredient|Juice|2}}{{Ingredient|Lemon|2+}} in a Small Cup
* "Uh... I will have a... a large Dusk, please. Thanks!"
** {{Ingredient|Tea|1}}{{Ingredient|Juice|2}} in a Large Cup

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"Do you know that I met a very nice client today? She moved and talked with grace &mdash; a very generous buyer, too."<br />"What did you sell her?" "Trade secret."}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Another familiar face has arrived at the tavern.'''

;(Talk to Ningguang or Beidou)
:{{A|vo eqtj007 1 beidou 01.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' Ahoy, (Traveler)! Great timing. Join us for a round?
:{{A|vo eqtj007 1 ningguang 01.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' Traveler, what a pleasant surprise.
:{{DIcon}} What are you two doing here?
:{{A|vo eqtj007 1 paimon 01.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, did you two come together?
:{{A|vo eqtj007 1 beidou 02.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' This lady decided on a whim that she wanted a little vacation, so we ended up traveling around the area.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 1 beidou 03.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' But I guess we have different ideas of vacation. We hardly hiked the mountains before we came here to put our feet up. Talk about spoiled.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 1 ningguang 02.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' Come now, no need to hurt anyone's feelings. Besides, I specifically chose this place because I knew how much you like to drink.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 1 ningguang 03.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' But our captain here has seen a lot more of the world, so she's not exactly thrilled with this little tavern.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 1 beidou 04.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' It'll do. Anyway, this one's on me, okay?
:{{A|vo eqtj007 1 paimon 02.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Beidou's paying? Uh, does that include us?
:{{DIcon}} We're the bartenders, Paimon.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 1 paimon 03.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Oh right. Hehe, sorry... guess that's just a habit now.
:{{DIcon}} And what can I get for the two lovely ladies?
:{{A|vo eqtj007 1 ningguang 04.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' I'll have a small Birch Sap, on the sour side.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 1 beidou 05.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' Uh... I will have a... a large Dusk, please. Thanks!
:{{DIcon}} Got it. Coming right up.
----
;(If the first drink was not made correctly)
:{{A|Vo eqtj002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, this doesn't look like the drink they ordered. Just give this one to Paimon and try making another.

;(After making the first drink correctly)
:'''Traveler:''' (Done. Let's get started on the next drink.)

;(If the second drink was not made correctly)
:{{A|Vo eqtj002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, this doesn't look like the drink they ordered. Just give this one to Paimon and try making another.

;(After making the second drink correctly)
:'''Traveler:''' (Alright, this drink is looking good.)
----
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 ningguang 01.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 beidou 01.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 paimon 01.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Well? H&mdash;How is it? This silence is making Paimon nervous!
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 ningguang 02.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' Mmm... The bittersweet taste of nostalgia.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 beidou 02.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' You mean the taste of going from rags to riches? Just what kind of taste is that?
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 ningguang 03.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' Hehe... It's mainly sour with just a tinge of sweetness, and a lingering aftertaste.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 beidou 03.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' Interesting... Does it taste like starting a little business then discovering that selling fruit isn't very lucrative?
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 ningguang 04.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' No need to get into the details. Let's leave the past in the past.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 beidou 04.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' Haha, who'd have thought that the dignified Tianquan was once a fruit vendor on the street.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 beidou 05.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' On the other hand, I bet few can tell that I'm from an ordinary fishing village, right?
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 ningguang 05.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' Not necessarily. If you ask me...
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 ningguang 06.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' I'd say that Captain Beidou has eyes that can pierce the sea. You're an adventure-seeking pioneer who tames the wind and the waves... Which is clearly indicative of someone who grew up by the sea.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 beidou 06.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' Hey, you're not mocking me, are you?
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 ningguang 07.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' Come now, it wouldn't do any good to be sarcastic.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 beidou 07.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' I know how fierce you can be with words. It's my treat today, so remember to take it easy on me.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 ningguang 08.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' Alright, then I'd like to have a few more.
:{{DIcon}} Another drink for the lovely lady?
:{{DIcon}} We're here to serve you!
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 paimon 02.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Well, you heard the good lady, bartender!
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 beidou 08.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' I like where this is going! I'll have another round, too!

:'''You give the two a refill immediately...'''

:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 ningguang 09.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' Mondstadt's fresh fruit juice is hard to top. I wish I could enjoy some every day.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 beidou 09.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' Are you serious? Don't tell me you're gonna open a Sunsettia trade route now...
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 ningguang 10.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' Hmm, an interesting proposition.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 beidou 10.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' Wait... Huh, really?
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 ningguang 11.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' I'm just joking, of course. There's already a whole industry established for that. They don't need me muscling my way in to their business.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 ningguang 12.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' Thanks for the drinks today, (Traveler). If you'd ever like a cushy job, I'd enjoy having you as my personal bartender.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 beidou 11.ogg|}} '''Beidou:''' You're also welcome aboard the Alcor. The crew loves to drink, you could come feast with us. I promise you'd have a blast.
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 ningguang 13.ogg|}} '''Ningguang:''' My, my, Captain Beidou, are you competing with me for talent? That's hardly necessary. You may simply stop by the Jade Chamber whenever you want the Traveler to mix you a drink.
:{{DIcon}} (I'm so popular!)
:{{A|vo eqtj007 2 paimon 03.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Is it Paimon, or does it sound like they think you work for them?
:{{DIcon}} When I have a chance...
:{{DIcon}} I'll visit you both. I promise.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Docked on a Moonlit Night
|zhs     = 月夜，泊船码头
|zhs_rm  = Yuèyè, Bóchuán Mǎtóu
|zht     = 月夜，泊船碼頭
|zht_rm  = Yuèyè, Bóchuán Mǎtóu
|zh_tl   = Moonlit Night, Ship Docked on the Wharf
|ja      = 月夜、船は埠頭に泊まる
|ja_rm   = Tsukiyo, Fune wa Futou ni Tomasu
|ja_tl   = Moonlit Night, Ship Docked on the Wharf
|ko      = 달밤, 그리고 부두
|ko_rm   = Dalbam, Geurigo Budu
|ko_tl   = Moonlit Night, And Dock
|es      = El muelle bajo la luna
|es_tl   = The Dock Under the Moon
|fr      = Amarrée sous le clair de lune
|fr_tl   = Docked Under the Moonlight
|ru      = Ночь. Луна. Причал.
|ru_tl   = Night. Moon. Dock.
|th      = คืนแห่งจันทร์ในท่าเทียบเรือ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cập Bến Đêm Trăng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Angedockt in einer mondhellen Nacht
|de_tl   = Docked in a Moonlit Night
|id      = Berlabuh Pada Malam Bulan Bersinar
|id_tl   = Docked on a Moonlit Night
|pt      = Ancorado em Uma Noite de Luar
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[pt-br:Ancorado em Uma Noite de Luar]]
[[ru:Ночь. Луна. Причал.]]