{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23018
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Doctor's Orders.png
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|npc           = Zakariya
|requirement   = <!--Any quest that needs to be completed first-->
|rewards       = Dendrocide Potion*1
|otherRewards  = 
* AR-Dependent Rewards
* Grants the {{Achievement|Relaxation Therapy}} if all three extra actions have been completed.
|characters    = Aftab; Azra; Gurgen; Paimon; Traveler; Zakariya
}}
'''''Doctor's Orders''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
===Gurgen Version===
# Talk to [[Zakariya]]
# Bring the medicine to [[Gurgen]]
# Talk to Gurgen ''[If player clears Gurgen's weeds, optional]''
# Talk to Zakariya

===Azra Version===
# Talk to Zakariya
# Bring the medicine to [[Azra]]
# Talk to Zakariya

===Aftab Version===
# Talk to Zakariya
# Bring the medicine to [[Aftab]]
# Talk to Zakariya

==Gameplay Notes==
* In each version of this commission, the player can perform extra actions after giving the patient their medicine:
** [[#Gurgen Version 2|Gurgen Version]]: Destroy the shrubs in his garden
** [[#Azra Version 2|Azra Version]]: Give {{Item|Sugar|x=1}}
** [[#Aftab Version 2|Aftab Version]]: Give {{Item|Delicious Steak|x=1}}
* Completing all three extra actions at least once each awards the {{Achievement|Relaxation Therapy}}.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Zakariya of Bimarstan is taking great pains to help his patients.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Zakariya, optional)
:'''Zakariya:''' (Can't they just do as the doctor told them?)

;(Talk to Zakariya)
:'''Zakariya:''' *sigh* What a headache...
:{{DIcon}} Do you need a hand with anything?
:{{DIcon}} What's happened here?
::'''Zakariya:''' You must be a traveler. This is Bimarstan, a hospital that aids the masses... Um... by spreading the blessings of the Dendro Archon.
::'''Zakariya:''' No matter rich or poor, anyone in need shall get medical help here.
::'''Zakariya:''' But as a result... We have too many patients and not enough hands to see to them all.
::'''Zakariya:''' *sigh* The benevolence of the Dendro Archon might be endless... But our budget and manpower are not.
::'''Zakariya:''' And then there are patients who ignore all medical instructions, but just keep asking about how to better embrace the blessings of the Dendro Archon.
::'''Zakariya:''' Haha, blessings of the Dendro Archon... My goodness!
::'''Zakariya:''' If the Dendro Archon really could just rain down blessings, they wouldn't have gotten sick in the first place!
::'''Zakariya:''' ...Phew, sorry, I shouldn't have said that. Please don't tell Golshan about this, or she might lecture me again.
::{{DIcon}} Aren't you a pious believer of the Dendro Archon?
:::'''Zakariya:''' Of course I am. Can you find someone in Sumeru City who isn't?
:::'''Zakariya:''' But you can leave "piousness" out of this. I would consider myself a rather... rational believer in the Dendro Archon.
::{{DIcon}} Some say that treatment itself is the blessing of the Dendro Archon...
:::'''Zakariya:''' *sigh* But just consider these stories, alright? Don't be so serious about it like some of our patients.
:::'''Zakariya:''' If the Dendro Archon were as mighty as the legends claim, I would only need to feed people some mushrooms, and bam, they would be healed.
::'''Zakariya:''' Ugh... Sorry, I must be too tired out. I was just venting. Please don't take what I said too seriously.
:'''Zakariya:''' We have been really shorthanded lately, and I haven't slept for days on end.
:'''Zakariya:''' If you would, Traveler, could you help me deliver some medicine to the patients nearby? Please check on them as well.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Zakariya:''' I'm counting on you. For the Dendro Archon's sake, I could really use a helper capable of saying something other than saying "Dendro Archon bless you."
::'''Zakariya:''' Hah, "For the Dendro Archon's sake"... I've been saying that a lot lately, haven't I?
:{{DIcon}} You should take a break.
::'''Zakariya:''' I'm afraid I simply cannot. I have placed patients with more serious conditions elsewhere, and I have to prepare medicines for them.
::'''Zakariya:''' *sigh* They will definitely ask me how they might embrace the blessings of the Dendro Archon.
::'''Zakariya:''' I am counting on you. I could really use an assistant capable of something other than talking about the blessings of the Dendro Archon...
;(If the medication is for Gurgen)
::'''Zakariya:''' The medicine delivery this time is for Gurgen, who is at the medicine farm.
::'''Zakariya:''' He strained his arm from doing too much work a few days before.
::'''Zakariya:''' Please give him this medicine. By the way, tell him to also stay at home and pray silently to the Dendro Archon. Farm work can wait.
::{{DIcon}} Sure.
::{{DIcon}} Pray silently to the Dendro Archon?
:::'''Zakariya:''' He won't listen to a word I say if I don't say that. Just do as I instructed, alright?
::'''Zakariya:''' Please come back once the delivery is done. I will have the payment ready for you.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Prescription Medication from Bimarstan for Gurgen}})
:;(Proceed to [[#Gurgen Version_2|Gurgen Version]])
;(If the medication is for Azra)
::'''Zakariya:''' The medicine this time is for Azra at the theater entrance.
::'''Zakariya:''' She has been coughing lately, but she refused to take the medicine I prescribed, saying that it tastes too bitter.
::'''Zakariya:''' Please give her this medicine. Also, tell her that... Um...
::'''Zakariya:''' This... bitterness in the medicine is but a... test, yes, a test, bestowed by the Dendro Archon.
::{{DIcon}} Sure I will.
::{{DIcon}} Where did you learn this stuff?
:::'''Zakariya:''' I didn't exactly learn it? I've just heard these kinds of things too often.
::'''Zakariya:''' Please come back once the delivery is done. I will have the payment ready for you.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Prescription Medication from Bimarstan for Azra}})
:;(Proceed to [[#Azra Version_2|Azra Version]])
;(If the medication is for Aftab)
::'''Zakariya:''' The medicine delivery this time is for Aftab at the farmhouse.
::'''Zakariya:''' That fellow's been living on a greasy diet, so he has serious digestion problems.
::'''Zakariya:''' So please give him this medicine. By the way, tell him that... Um...
::'''Zakariya:''' Tell him that eating lighter foods and having less alcohol and meat is the way to better embrace the blessings of the Dendro Archon.
::{{DIcon}} Sure.
::{{DIcon}} Where on earth did you hear such things?
:::'''Zakariya:''' Some Akademiya researchers have said that we can do something like that, though I don't understand why...
::'''Zakariya:''' Please come back once the delivery is done. I will have the payment ready for you.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Prescription Medication from Bimarstan for Aftab}})
:;(Proceed to [[#Aftab Version_2|Aftab Version]])

;(Talk to Zakariya again)
:'''Zakariya:''' I'm counting on you for the medicine delivery. Don't forget to pass the medical instructions on either.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Gurgen Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Gurgen)
:'''Gurgen:''' If I stop tending to the field for too many days, the weeds are going to grow...
:;(Submit Prescription Medication from Bimarstan for Gurgen)
:'''Gurgen:''' Huh? This is...
:{{DIcon}} Here's your medicine, remember to pray quietly to the Dendro Archon.
:'''Gurgen:''' Ah, thanks. Pray quietly to the Dendro Archon... Yes, I must do that...
:'''Gurgen:''' But there are so many weeds in the field... If I keep doing nothing, it's going to affect the yield.
:'''Gurgen:''' Um... I'll just deal with the weeds first, then do my silent prayers when I finish.

;(Talk to Gurgen again)
:'''Gurgen:''' *sigh* I guess my body isn't what it used to be... No, I can't give up yet. I must persist for a while more.

;(If the player chooses to return immediately)
:;(Talk to Zakariya)
::'''Zakariya:''' You're back. How did it go?
::{{DIcon}} He wanted to deal with the weeds first...
::'''Zakariya:''' *sigh* So even the silent prayer line didn't work... I suppose I'll have to come up with something else.
::'''Zakariya:''' Thanks for your hard work. Please, take this as payment.

;(If the player chooses to help Gurgen)
:;(Clear all the weeds)
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? What are you...? What? If we remove all the weeds, Mr. Gurgen will agree to rest?
::'''Paimon:''' Ooh, yeah! That's a great idea!
::&nbsp;
:;(Talk to Zakariya after clearing the weeds, optional)
::'''Zakariya:''' I'm counting on you for the medicine delivery. Don't forget to pass the medical instructions on either.
::&nbsp;
:;(Talk to Gurgen after removing the weeds)
::'''Gurgen:''' The weeds... You've removed them all? I... You're too kind!
::{{DIcon}} Just go back home and rest.
::'''Gurgen:''' I will, thank you. May the Dendro Archon bless and protect you!
::'''Gurgen:''' I should hurry home to conduct my silent prayers to the Dendro Archon as well.
::&nbsp;
:;(Talk to Zakariya)
::'''Zakariya:''' You are back. How did it go?
::{{DIcon}} About removing the weeds...
::'''Zakariya:''' Ah, that's great. This way, Gurgen can finally have some proper rest. He should be able to recover sooner.
::'''Zakariya:''' I can't thank you enough. Please take this as your payment.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Azra Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Azra)
:'''Azra:''' *sigh* Day after day I guard this door. When will I get to take a look inside?
:;(Submit Prescription Medication from Bimarstan for Azra)
:'''Azra:''' Hmm... This smells familiar...
:{{DIcon}} Here's your medicine. Remember to finish all of it...
:'''Azra:''' Ugh, this again... I can't take it. It's just way too bitter.
:{{DIcon}} This is but a test from the Dendro Archon, you know?
:'''Azra:''' Eh? Is that so? But it's so bitter... Can't the Dendro Archon be just a wee bit nicer?
:'''Azra:''' ...Alright, alright, hand me the medicine. I'll take it later...

;(If the player chooses to return immediately)
:;(Talk to Zakariya)
::'''Zakariya:''' You're back. How did it go?
::{{DIcon}} She complained that the medicine was too bitter.
::'''Zakariya:''' Well, there's nothing I can do about that. After all, the nature and components of the herbs... Ahem, I mean blessings, come with some bitterness.
::'''Zakariya:''' Hopefully, she will finish it all this time. There was so much left over previously...
::'''Zakariya:''' Thanks for your hard work. Please take this as payment.

;(If the player chooses to help Azra)
:;(Talk to Azra)
::'''Azra:''' Ugh, this is too bitter for anyone to swallow. How am I supposed to take it all?
:;(Submit {{Item|Sugar|x=1}})
::'''Azra:''' Eh? Are these for me? Thank you...
::'''Azra:''' Alright! I'll give the medicine another go... I'll finish it all for sure this time!
::&nbsp;
:;(Talk to Zakariya)
::'''Zakariya:''' You're back. How did it go?
::{{DIcon}} I gave her some candies.
::'''Zakariya:''' Candies? They'll reduce the efficacy of that medicine, though.
::'''Zakariya:''' ...Ah, never mind. Reduced efficacy is better than no efficacy at all, and at least she can finish the medicine this time around.
::'''Zakariya:''' I really can't thank you enough. Please take this as payment.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Aftab Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Aftab, optional)
:'''Aftab:''' ...

;(Talk to Aftab)
:'''Aftab:''' I just need to hold on for a few days more...
:;(Submit Prescription Medication from Bimarstan for Aftab)
:'''Aftab:''' Hmm? What is this medicine?
:{{DIcon}} Here's your medicine. Please maintain a light diet.
:'''Aftab:''' *sigh* Okay, I will. Honestly, I haven't touched a slice of meat in days. I'm sure that this will definitely help me to embrace the Dendro Archon's blessings better...
:'''Aftab:''' But why do I feel worse than before? *sigh* No, no, I must've just spent too little time dieting, that's all...

;(If the player chooses to return immediately)
:;(Talk to Zakariya)
::'''Zakariya:''' You're back. How did it go?
::{{DIcon}} He has kept away from meat for quite a few days now...
::'''Zakariya:''' What? I was telling him to eat lighter, not to completely stop eating meat!
::'''Zakariya:''' Does he think that he can best embrace the Dendro Archon's blessings this way?
::'''Zakariya:''' Alright... I guess I have to come up with something else...
::'''Zakariya:''' Thanks for your hard work. Here, this is for you.

;(If the player chooses to help Aftab)
:;(Talk to Aftab)
::'''Aftab:''' I just need to hold on for several days more...
:;(Submit Delicious Steak ×1)
::'''Aftab:''' What is this? No... The scent is just too...
::{{DIcon}} So here's what happened...
::'''Aftab:''' Really? A light diet doesn't mean a full ban on meat? Even the Akademiya researchers don't do that?
::'''Aftab:''' S&mdash;So that's it! I was afraid of making the Dendro Archon angry by eating meat.
::'''Aftab:''' If even the researchers do eat meat... I won't worry about eating meat anymore. Thank you!
::&nbsp;
:;(Talk to Zakariya)
::'''Zakariya:''' You're back. How did it go?
::{{DIcon}} I told him that he could just eat a steak or two...
::'''Zakariya:''' Oh? It didn't occur to me you could put it like that...
::'''Zakariya:''' Well, as long as Aftab is treating his body right, everything should be fine.
::'''Zakariya:''' I can't thank you enough. Please take this as your payment.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Doctor's Orders
|zhs     = 谨遵医嘱
|zhs_rm  = Jǐn Zūn Yīzhǔ
|zht     = 謹遵醫囑
|zht_rm  = Jǐn Zūn Yīzhǔ
|zh_tl   = Carefully Follow the Doctor's Advice
|ja      = 医者の言うことは絶対
|ja_rm   = Isha no Iu koto wa Zettai
|ja_tl   = The Doctor's Words are Absolute
|ko      = 의사<->의 처방
|ko_tl   = Doctor's Prescription
|es      = Instrucciones de un médico
|es_tl   = A Doctor's Instructions
|fr      = Ordres du médecin
|fr_tl   = Doctor's Orders
|ru      = Медицинские предписания
|ru_tl   = Medicine Prescriptions
|th      = ปฏิบัติตามคำสั่งแพทย์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Theo Lời Bác Sĩ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ärztlichen Rat befolgen
|de_tl   = Following Medical Advice
|id      = Perintah Dokter
|id_tl   = Doctor's Orders
|pt      = Ordens Médicas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Doktorun Emirleri
|tr_tl   = Doctor's Orders
|it      = Gli ordini del dottore
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru}}

[[es:Instrucciones de un médico]]