{{Event Tabs}}
{{Stub Dialogue|Check for other possible variant of post challenge dialogue. Eg: Surrendered Jala, Blew up the lake.}}
==Mysterious Fish? A Booming Adventure!==
{{Transclude|Mysterious Fish? A Booming Adventure!|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Crisis Relieved! A Happy Memento!==
{{Transclude|Crisis Relieved! A Happy Memento!|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Challenge==
Klee is available next to the game table during daytime (from 06:00 to 18:00)
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Klee]])
:{{A|vo dialog zdeq001b klee 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo dialog zdeq001b klee 01b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' I looove playing Dodoco's Bomb-Tastic Adventure with you, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} [[Traveler|Honorary Knight]] and [[Paimon]]! Thanks for playing with me.
:{{DIcon|Dodoco}} I'm having fun too! One more round!
::{{A|vo dialog zdeq001b klee 02a 1.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Yay, let's go let's go!
:{{DIcon}} Should we walk you back home later?
::{{A|vo dialog zdeq001b klee 02b 1.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Oh, right, I can't stay out too late... I'll behave and go home when it's time for bed!
::{{A|vo dialog zdeq001b klee 02b 2.ogg}} '''Klee:''' But I know my way home! Let's meet back here in the morning!
:{{DIcon}} Let's take a break and continue later.
::{{A|vo dialog zdeq001b klee 02c 1a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dialog zdeq001b klee 02c 1b.ogg}}--> '''Klee:''' Sure! You don't have to stay here if you have other things to do.
::{{A|vo dialog zdeq001b klee 02c 2.ogg}} '''Klee:''' We still have loads of time, so I'll be waiting for you here during the day if you want to play more!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Suspicious Wooden Chest==
Suspicious Wooden Chest can be found near the shore past the East Gate of [[Mondstadt City]]. During this dialogue, Ematol's first line has the title "A Panicked Cry." Afterwards, Phonia has the dialogue title "An Incredible Bitter Tone of Voice Hiding a Grudge" and Ematol has the dialogue title "Panicked, Doubtful Voice." For their final lines, Phonia has the title "Voice Become Gradually Less Distinct" and Ematol has the title "Hazy, Unclear Voice."
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Suspicious Wooden Chest:''' A suspicious wooden box, never seen before. A piece of paper is lodged in the cracks between the boards on the lid. Written on it is "Property of the Investigation Team. Materials of the highest grade of danger are within. Handle with care."
:{{DIcon}} Seems like it's worth "investigating"...
::'''Paimon:''' That note on the box sounds... terrifying!
::'''Paimon:''' Why would something so obviously dangerous be left right by Cider Lake? Could it belong to those two knights over there?
::'''Paimon:''' It looks like there's a wide gap between the planks! We should be able to see inside!
::'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon have a look... It appears to be filled with... lots of round, red objects, much larger than Sunsettias...
::'''Paimon:''' Waitasec, could they be... bombs!?
::'''Paimon:''' Why would the Knights of Favonius leave a box of explosives by the lake? Are they planning to blow up... those invasive fish that Lisa mentioned?
::{{DIcon}} Haha! Explosives! My kind of fun!
:::'''Paimon:''' Why are you suddenly so excited? We don't even know how powerful these explosives are! What if we hurt innocent bystanders?
:::{{DIcon}} Blasting fish is blastng{{sic}} fish, just toss 'em into the lake.
:::{{DIcon}} Don't you want to know what it's like to chuck some bombs?
:::'''Paimon:''' Eek!
:::'''Paimon:''' But when you put it like that... Paimon really does want to try...
:::'''Paimon:''' Normally we're always hearing about how Klee wants to blast fish, is blasting fish, or is getting punished for doing it...
:::'''Paimon:''' But now that Paimon is here, by the lakeside, with a box of explosives beside her... Paimon really wants to try it, too!
:::'''Paimon:''' Throwing just one should be... no big deal, right?
:::{{DIcon}} One for each of us!
:::{{DIcon}} Now, give it all you've got!
:::{{Black Screen|Together with Paimon, you open the suspicious wooden box and each take out a bomb. After studying how to ignite the fuses, both of you count down "3, 2, 1" and set the detonators, and both of you throw the bombs far into Cider Lake...}}
:::{{Black Screen|A low rumble comes from underwater, and two giant spouts of water explode from the surface of the lake, sending a few Anglers spinning high into the sky...<br>You and Paimon give each other a high-five with big smiles on your faces, and get ready to high-tail it out of there...}}
:::{{Black Screen|But "Operation Impulsively Secretly Blast Fish" did not go as swimmingly as it appeared. Almost as soon as the bombs exploded, you were exposed...}}
:::'''Distant Scream:''' Aaaaaaahhhhh!
:::'''Distant Scream:''' My ears!!!
:::'''Ematol:''' That scared me half to death! How are you, Phonia, are you okay?
:::'''Phonia:''' A sudden underwater explosion... It almost deafened me! Judging by the sonic signature of that explosion... It must have been one of your bombs, Ematol!
:::'''Ematol:''' Ha? Really? Have I not been standing obendiently by your side this whole time, doing nothing? Do I look like I have bombs in my hands?
:::'''Phonia:''' You! You must've set timed bombs into the lake beforehand, just to see me in this awful state!
:::'''Ematol:''' If that were true, then shouldn't I also have set up Kameras to capture the sight of you holding your head crying on the ground like a baby? Would be a great shame not to have such photos for posterity!
:::'''Phonia:''' You! Don't expect any discount from me for your next month's rent! And the water bill, furniture, and all that food you mooched... I let it all slide before, but now it's time to pay up!
:::'''Ematol:''' Wait, wait, wait, no, no! I shouldn't have laughed! Phonia, my dearest sister, even if I was responsible for the last few dozen pranks... It really wasn't me this time! I swear!
:::'''Ematol:''' If I really could make... timed detonators that were extremely reliable despite staying submerged for a long time...
:::'''Ematol:''' We wouldn't have needed to risk our lives to manually detonate the bombs when we ambushed the Hilichurls last time, would we?
:::'''Phonia:''' ...Right. You're too simple-minded to use timed fuses to pull a prank on me.
:::'''Ematol:''' You!
:::'''Ematol:''' You tricked me, too! Didn't you say that any loud noises would damage your hearing while you're using that detection equipment?
:::'''Ematol:''' Since you seem to have no difficulties arguing, you don't seem to have gone deaf!
:::'''Phonia:''' You don't get it! Hearing damage is accumulative and only manifests in stages! By shouting and talking back at me so loudly right now, you're increasing the damage!
:::'''Phonia:''' Maybe one day, I won't be able to distinguish the signature patterns of soundwaves anymore! And then I'd lose my job!
:::'''Phonia:''' And then, you won't have a place to stay either, because I would have to rent the whole house to someone who can afford higher rent! And then... then&nbsp;... I'll become a fisherwoman! Anyway, I won't take of you, that's for sure!
:::'''Ematol:''' Then... Then I'll argue with you more quietly... I'll keep it quiet...
:::'''Ematol:''' ...
:::'''Phonia:''' ...
:::'''Paimon:''' Paimon can't make out what they're saying... All they care about is arguing with each other.
:::{{DIcon}} Yeah! That was super fun!
:::{{DIcon}} And nothing too bad happened!
:::'''Paimon:''' It was really fun! Maybe if we just toss one more...
:::'''Paimon:''' No, no! Once was enough. If we throw any more, those two will definitely come to investigate. We can't get caught!
:::'''Paimon:''' Though it feels like we caused... a mess, but not an overly large one, at least Paimon's curiosity has been completely satisfied!
::;(Obtain {{Item|Fish|x=6}})
::{{DIcon}} Whoa! So scary! Let's get out of here!
:::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's right! A whole box of bombs! We should get as far away from something that dangerous as we can!
:{{DIcon}} Whoa! It's so scary! Let's run!
::'''Paimon:''' Even you think it's dangerous!? Does that mean that this box is oozing murderous intent... Let's get out of here!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Open-World Dialogue==
===Helga===
{{Transclude|Helga|Event Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

===Phonia===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Phonia]])
:'''Phonia:''' [[Traveler|Honorary Knight]], and The [[Paimon|Helper in White]]. Phonia of the [[Knights of Favonius#Investigation|Investigation Team]], reporting. We're currently carrying out an urgent mission: Annihilate the Invasive [[Anglers]]. I am in charge of acoustic recon.
:'''Phonia:''' If you have any questions, there is a knight called [[Ematol]] by the lake. She's better at interpersonal communication and can provide you with detailed information.
:{{DIcon}} I haven't asked anything yet...
::'''Paimon:''' R—Right! We just wanted to greet you, and you just started babbling on...
::'''Paimon:''' (Feels like she's a bit impatient...)
::'''Phonia:''' Isn't that a good thing? We all work for the Knights of Favonius, and we're all on the clock right now, so we should not indulge ourselves in meaningless gossip but the exchange of useful information...
::'''Phonia:''' Beside, I'm just a commmon "cog" while you are the heroes who have "saved Mondstadt" on your resumes. Someone like me is not worth much of your precious time.
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, that's a bit offensive! We're not the type to... use people and treat them as tools!
::{{DIcon}} Plus we're not that vain...
::{{DIcon}} Nor that arrogant!
::'''Phonia:''' Oh, I'm sorry for the misunderstanding. A "cog" is simply how I define myself.
::'''Phonia:''' I am just an ordinary person with no talent. I have neither the capability nor the determination to take charge. The only role I'm fit to play on the stage of the machine that is the Knights of Favonius is that of a "cog."
::'''Phonia:''' Or you can also call me a "pawn" or "gear"... I don't mind.
::'''Paimon:''' Putting it like that is totally heartless!
::'''Phonia:''' Heartless? I actually find it to my liking.
::'''Phonia:''' There's no need for me to overthink anything or do things according to my own will. I simply do what my superior says. Get to work on time, and leave on time. Life is simple.
::'''Phonia:''' There's a rumor going around that says: "In emergency situations the Honorary Knight has command authority on the front lines equivalent to a captain." Who knows, I may have the chance to be temporarily assigned to your unit in the future.
::'''Phonia:''' Of course, every situation is different, and every task has a different priority. We are currently not in any such critical {{sic|sitaution|expected=situation}}, so I can just focus on the "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers" task that I've been assigned.
::'''Phonia:''' As such, I must ask you two to keep some distance from me while I work. Both my equipment and I require a quiet working environment.
::'''Phonia:''' You certainly wouldn't want some "cogs" to malfunction and affect the entire "machine," would you?
::{{DIcon}} So you're shooing us away...
::{{DIcon}} You're as cold as ice...
::'''Paimon:''' Hmph! Paimon rarely sees a knight so willing to close the door and leave the world behind! Or maybe... they're a "heartless workaholic"!
::'''Paimon:''' C'mon {{Traveler}}! Let's leave her here to do her work all alone!
:{{DIcon}} You are...
::'''Phonia:''' I just told you the most important information, but as it seems that's not enough for you. I'll supplement it with a few more words.
::'''Phonia:''' I am Phonia, a member of the intelligence division of the investigation team. Though I have served for 6 years, I have only carried out 67 battlefield support ops and 31 direct action ops.
::'''Phonia:''' My greatest martial accomplishment was defeating 1 [[Mitachurl|Hilichurl Brute]], 2 [[Samachurl|Hilichurl Shaman]]s, and a few [[Hilichurl Shooter (Enemy Group)|Hilichurl Shooter]]s with Ematol using simple roadside explosives, mopping up a small area of the forest...
::'''Phonia:''' As you can see, the gap in combat capability between me and you, Honorary Knight, is as wide as that between a [[Forest Boar|boar]] and [[Stormterror]]. Perhaps you will simply forget about an unimportant, ordinary knight like me in a couple days.
::'''Paimon:''' What's going on? Why are you suddenly... giving us a work report? So serious...
::{{DIcon}} There's no need to be so tense...
::{{DIcon}} Just think of us as new friends...
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Even though {{Traveler}} is an Honorary Knight, we're not on duty now! Just relax!
::'''Paimon:''' We're always meeting all kinds of people in the wilderness, and it's really great when we talk and talk and end up becoming friends!
::'''Phonia:''' I see. You wish to {{sic|dicuss|expected=discuss}} personal matters. Let me think...
::'''Phonia:''' I'm Phonia, 26 years old, single. I currently live in the third room on the third floor of the third building to the right of the city gates. I have a roommate who's also my tenant called Ematol, and the monthly rent is... I forget, it's not important.
::'''Phonia:''' My hobby is to sleep. After work, I just go home and sleep. If it's too noisy, I'll have some wine to help me sleep. I don't remember what kind of wine I used to drink, but that's not important either. As long as it can get me drunk, it's good wine.
::'''Phonia:''' Sometimes I stay at the secret camp near [[Dragonspine]] temporarily in accord with Captain [[Albedo]]'s orders. I like it there because it's quiet, so I can have a good sleep without anyone disturbing me.
::{{DIcon}} So your hobby is actually "quietness"?
:::'''Phonia:''' That's a valid point. A quiet environment and high-quality sleep are beneficial for my work. After all, my exceptional hearing is my most valuable skill.
::{{DIcon}} Is your personal life that... mechanical, too?
:::'''Phonia:''' Hmm... You're the first one to point out my life is machine-like. I think that's great, living a routine life keeps me away from trouble.
::'''Paimon:''' (Paimon feels like this knight... is incredible at killing conversations! Paimon doesn't know how to respond...)
::'''Paimon:''' (And she keeps going on about her interests, which are still related to work... Paimon gonna give her a nickname... The "Silent Workaholic"!)
::'''Phonia:''' Thanks, The Helper in White. That's a good nickname. If we ever need a callsign in the team, I'll use that.
::{{DIcon}} !
::'''Paimon:''' !
::'''Phonia:''' Honorary Knight and The Helper in White, if you do not require further information from me... then please excuse the Silent Workaholic to resume her recon work.
::'''Paimon:''' Y—You... You go ahead. We'll leave you to it!
:{{DIcon}} "Acoustic recon"?
::'''Paimon:''' It sounds impressive... but it looks like you're just standing by the lake, not moving a muscle? Paimon doesn't see any equipment around, either.
::'''Phonia:''' Good topic, Honorary Knight and The Helper in White. You have noticed how compact Captain Albedo's handcrafted equipment is. Hostiles won't be any to spot it either in the future!
::'''Phonia:''' I have already deployed the recon equipment's active unit underwater. It utilizes a special wave... Anyway, it surveys the nearby area with the help of [[Hydro]].
::'''Phonia:''' I'm wearing the unit's receiver in my ears, and it's about the size of regular earplugs. The detection signal of the active unit is transmitted directly to me.
::'''Phonia:''' With these sound signals, I am able to analyze the locations of all Anglers and lock onto their nests by plotting their path and information on the map. Then, Ematol can come in and eradicate them in one go.
::{{DIcon}} That amazing?
::'''Paimon:''' It's almost like magic!
::'''Phonia:''' Truly incredible [[Alchemy|alchemical]] creations appear no different from magic to the untrained eye. When other technologies reach a certain maturity, similar high-level creations will also be created.
::'''Phonia:''' For example, I heard [[Fontaine]] manufactures large volumes of [[Clockwork Meka|clockwork tech-based... humanoid machines]]. They can even take on the responsibility of defending the city. That also seems like magic to me.
::'''Phonia:''' But I digress... Anyway, according to Captain Albedo, after a few discussions with [[Jean]] and the other captains, they reached a consensus...
::'''Phonia:''' "The combat capabilities of the Knights of Favonius must be steadily improved with the minimum budget."
::{{DIcon}} Improve your combat capabilities?
:::'''Phonia:''' Yeah. The intermittent reports from the expedition team have given us a clearer picture of our far away enemies. Some are just too powerful for our knights to handle effectively at their current skill level.
:::'''Phonia:''' The Knights of Favonius must continue to improve, striving for zero casualties and minimal resource consumption while eradicating potential invaders of Mondstadt and protecting everyone. For this purpose, there are no standards that are too high.
::{{DIcon}} Minimum budget?
:::'''Phonia:''' Yes. We are currently at peace, so before the Knights of Favonius approve any military-related budget, we have to consider the impact on the civilians. Our citizens' needs come first, and we can use what's left for military improvements.
:::'''Phonia:''' Under such conditions, [[Mora]] must be spent only when necessary. Therefore, we need to verify which aspects to enhance that will bring about the highest improvement on overall combat capabilities.
::'''Paimon:''' But how is that related to what you're doing now...? Like this "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers" operation?
::'''Phonia:''' Good question, Helper in White. To put it simply, the conclusion from the meeting at that time was "information."
::'''Phonia:''' The most cost efficient way to improve is by enhancing the knights' ability to acquire information, allowing them to gain the initiative on the battlefield and engage enemies from a more advantageous positions at the proper time.
::{{DIcon}} I see! So you're testing out new equipment!
:::'''Phonia:''' I'm impressed, Honorary Knight. Communicating with you is indeed efficient and straightforward.
::{{DIcon}} I still don't get what it has to do with you...
:::'''Phonia:''' Perhaps I talked too much about the nature of the issue, which might be too broad... Back to the topic at hand, I am testing new equipment.
::'''Phonia:''' My job in the investigation team, a Signals Officer, and the equipment I'm using, are some of the earliest products of the Knights of Favonius' plan to improve our combat capabilities.
::'''Phonia:''' The equipment shares similar design principles with the survey device Captain Albedo provided [[Mika]] with. This one has better battery life, increased accuracy against small targets, and is more convenient to use.
::'''Phonia:''' As one of the first Signals Officers trained to use this equipment, I am responsible for being a military instructor, training a large cohort of Signals Officers for the frontline.
::'''Phonia:''' Ideally, a few Signals Officers will be assigned to each platoon. They will use detection equipment to acquire information about enemies while they are still distant, allowing them to utilize the intelligence to deploy the most advantageous tactics.
::'''Paimon:''' Now Paimon's lost... Why make something as simple as a fight so complicated!? When we see enemies, we prefer the hands-on approach and just go at them...
::{{DIcon}} If we win, pure glee.
::{{DIcon}} If we lost, we flee.
::'''Phonia:''' You are heroes. We are cannon fodders. We're different.
::'''Phonia:''' To avoid being cannon fodder torn to pieces by heroes like you, we regular knights have to actually use our brains. At least... we put some distance between us before you come charging over.
::'''Phonia:''' Being easily trampled on isn't acceptable. We knights are tasked with the protection of Mondstadt. We can't afford to be reckless.
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! How can you say something so demoralizing with a straight face!?
::'''Paimon:''' Still, you've got a point. We never considered that... The opponents we've defeated might actually be warriors, who actually trained hard every day...
::{{DIcon}} Warriors must have the dignity of a warrior!
::{{DIcon}} Carry on with the testing, Signals Officer!
::'''Phonia:''' Thank you for the encouragement, and for taking notice of a regular knight like me. I hope to one day fight by your side.
:{{DIcon}} We'll leave you be. Goodbye!
::'''Phonia:''' Take care! If you encounter the others, please remind them to keep a low profile. Thanks!

;(After finishing the last event challenge)
:'''Phonia:''' Honorary Knight, and The Helper in White. Phonia of the Investigation Team, reporting. We just completed carrying out an urgent mission called "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers," and are now returning to camp.
:{{DIcon}} How's the situation?
::'''Phonia:''' It went smoothly. The threat has been completely eliminated. You can rest easy.
::'''Phonia:''' Do you have any further instructions?
::'''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;That's so formal, like she's reporting to a senior officer. Should we also act the part?
::'''Paimon:''' "*Ahem*... Good job, Signals Officer Phonia! Please be sure to share what you've learned from this experience with the other knights!"
::'''Paimon:''' ...Like that?
::{{DIcon}} Captain Paimon!
::{{DIcon}} Nicely put, Paimon!
::'''Phonia:''' ...
::'''Phonia:''' Thank you for your approval, Helper in White. However, it may be too difficult for me to effectively teach my colleagues based on this experience.
::'''Phonia:''' Although the operation of this detection equipment has already been greatly simplified, it still is beyond the capability of people who with weaker spatial cognition to operate.
::'''Phonia:''' During operation, the jumbled signals from targets of similar sizes, as well as environmental noise and interference, can all easily overwhelm the user in a torrent of information.
::'''Phonia:''' Forget about training the rest of the platoon, even just training the other Signals Officers to be familiar with its operations would be a gargantuan task requiring significant time...
::'''Phonia:''' If it is to become standard equipment, it requires further improvements to make it more accessible, even at the cost of performance.
::'''Paimon:''' What? Cognition? Standard equipment... Accessibility...
::'''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;You lost Paimon again!
::'''Phonia:''' The details don't matter. Anyway, I am not complaining to you two but objectively analyzing the current situation.
::'''Phonia:''' All I can say is, Captain Albedo's minimum requirement of meeting "1/3 of Mika's spatial cognition and anti-interference capabilities" is still too much to ask.
::'''Phonia:''' In any case, I will continue to help improve this piece of equipment until it is suitable for becoming standardized equipment or proven to be unsuitable.
::'''Phonia:''' Once a relatively mature prototype is produced... Would you two like to try it?
::'''Phonia:''' With it, you can confirm distant targets without visual contact. If you have any ways to... attack enemies at range, you can launch a preemptive attack and gain a tactical advantage.
::'''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;That incredible?
::{{DIcon}} We could detect targets far away?
::{{DIcon}} But it can only be used underwater... That seems a bit limiting...
::'''Phonia:''' No worries. By changing the Alchemy Potion used in the core, this equipment can detect the energy fluctuations of different elements.
::'''Phonia:''' For example, when using an Anemo Potion to detect targets, it can accurately detect targets like Hilichurl Brutes within a range three times greater than the{{sic}} a regular bow's attack range within Mondstadt.
::'''Phonia:''' In situations like that, top archers like [[Amber]] the Outrider would be able to conduct "non-line-of-sight shooting" in groups and continuously adjust their firing angle based on observation reports from allies with higher vantage points.
::'''Phonia:''' The enemies might never see the attack coming, and would already been turned into Wolfhooks by their arrows before they figured out what was happening.
::'''Paimon:''' When you put it that way, it sounds amazing...
::'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}} doesn't usually use a bow. {{MC|m=He|f=She}} just charges straight into enemies and beats them up... or sometimes just gets bombarded by those Ruin Guards from a distance.
::'''Paimon:''' Though it's kind of maddening, Paimon has to admit that sometimes... being able to attack at range really does have a lot of advantages!
::'''Paimon:''' From just how far away could Amber hit a target if she was using such miraculous equipment? Even Paimon's really looking forward to finding out!
:{{DIcon}} "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers"?
::'''Phonia:''' You may already have heard of this mission and heard my briefing, but were likely too busy to have paid it much attention...
::'''Phonia:''' So allow me to briefly introduce it once more&mdash;
::'''Phonia:''' A certain merchant "released" some Anglers, native to Sumeru, into Cider Lake, which then began to multiply rapidly.
::'''Phonia:''' To prevent these invasive creatures from impacting the water quality of Cider Lake and affecting Mondstadt's wine industry, the Knights of Favonius dispatched a unit with strong recon capabilities to undertake a limited operation.
::'''Phonia:''' I, Signals Officer Phonia of the Investigative Team, and my colleague Weapons Specialist Ematol, received orders to use limited force to precisely eliminate the invasive species with minimal collateral damage.
::'''Phonia:''' Currently, Ematol and I have deployed 457 bombs and cleared out 203 nests and all the invasive Anglers, successfully eliminating the negative effects resulting from the introduction of the invasive species.
::'''Phonia:''' According to the calculations of other colleagues, it will take about a week for the residual explosive remnants in the water to fall to safe levels.
::'''Paimon:''' S&mdash;Such precise numbers!
::{{DIcon}} Incredible!
::{{DIcon}} Good job!
::'''Phonia:''' Thank you for your approval.
::'''Phonia:''' This operation has also allowed me to verify a large quantity of information necessary to the development of the Signals Officer corps. As a cog in the Knights of Favonius' grand machine, I have reaped significant benefits.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye!
::'''Phonia:''' Goodbye to both of you.
::'''Phonia:''' If there's a chance, I hope I can show you the results of the improved equipment in the near future.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ematol===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Ematol]])
:'''Ematol:''' Let the Wind Lead! Follow the Sparks! Greeting, Great [[Traveler|Honorary Knight]], and to you, [[Paimon|Helper in White]]. I, [[Knights of Favonius#Investigation|Investigative Team]] Weapons Officer Ematol, am at your service. What can I do for you?
:{{DIcon}} Follow the Sparks?
::'''Paimon:''' By sparks... could you mean... the [[Klee|Spark Knight]]?
::'''Ematol:''' That's right! That's my personal motto!
::'''Ematol:''' Out of all the elite warriors of the Knights of Favonius, the most powerful must be our revered and adorable Spark Knight!
::'''Ematol:''' She traverses every inch of Mondstadt with a lively demeanor; and her petite and nimble form carries enough firepower to completely annihilate an entire legion.
::'''Ematol:''' No matter how numerous the enemy force is, they will all be burnt to ashes and scattered by the winds to the sound of the Spark Knight's delightful laughter and rumbling symphony of her "explosives so powerful that they shouldn't exist in the world"!
::{{DIcon}} I—Is Klee really that powerful?
::{{DIcon}} I—I never realized that...
::'''Paimon:''' Y—Yeah... and what's with the "shouldn't exist in the world" you mentioned?
::'''Ematol:''' Ah, for that question, you've come to the right person! I'm a pretty skilled alchemist myself...
::'''Ematol:''' Although I'm not nearly as learned as Master [[Sucrose]] or Master [[Timaeus]], and so far behind Captain [[Albedo]] I can't even see his shadow on a winter's morn, I do have my own expertise and have designed many explosives for engineering use!
::'''Ematol:''' However, their explosive velocity simply isn't in the same league as the [[Jumpy Dumpty]]. They are only capable of deflagrating, rather than transitioning to a high brisance detonation...
::{{DIcon}} I'm lost!
::{{DIcon}} In layman's terms, please!
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Deflagration this, detonate this, all Paimon understood was "explosive"!
::'''Ematol:''' Oh no! I'm so sorry, I got carried away and didn't do a good enough job explaining, it's all my fault!
::'''Ematol:''' Anyway, ordinary explosive materials are two, maybe even two and a half generations away from the masterpieces designed by the Spark Knight! In terms of cost, they aren't even close to the same level either.
::'''Ematol:''' When I asked the Spark Knight about the secret ingredients for Jumpy Dumpty, she only answered:
::'''Ematol:''' "Jumpy Dumpty's formula was given to Klee by [[Alice|Klee's mother]]! If there's a secret ingredient, it must be her love for Klee!"
::'''Ematol:''' But it's understandable for her to say that! Since the formula for such a powerful explosive is something confidential that could affect the balance of power between nations, it's simply above the pay grade of someone as low and insignificant as I!
::'''Ematol:''' All I can do is try to follow in the footsteps of the Spark Knight and try even harder to develop my own formula for explosive materials.
::'''Ematol:''' I will work hard, and strive to achieve my goal, that one day I could make something that's at least... one twentieth as powerful and cost-effective as the Jumpy Dumpty!
::'''Ematol:''' Oh, the mere thought of it makes me tremble with excitement... The perfect rate explosive rate, an earth-shattering shockwave, a concise build, and low cost...
::'''Ematol:''' Hehehe... Jumpy Dumpty... Hehehe...
::{{DIcon}} Calm down!
::{{DIcon}} You're getting carried away again!
::'''Paimon:''' P—Paimon has never met someone like this... Let's just call her... "Bombaholic" in the future!
::'''Paimon:''' Let's get out of here, {{Traveler}}!
::'''Paimon:''' If we get a chance, we need to remind Albedo... Pay attention to the Bombaholic on his team, and take care of her mental state!
:{{DIcon}} Weapons Specialist?
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon has never heard that title before. Sounds impressive.
::'''Ematol:''' Indeed! If you don't mind, Great Honorary Knight, please allow me to give you a brief introduction to some of the responsibilities of the investigation team as I understand them...
::'''Ematol:''' "In addition to basic military intelligence reports, we also investigate, collect, and analyze combat-related data of the Knights, finding ways to continuously improve tactics and combat capabilities."
::'''Ematol:''' Therefore, learning the habits of the Knights and modifying their weapons and equipment are both part of our responsibilities.
::'''Ematol:''' The so-called Weapons Specialist, in truth, is a knight who is responsible for testing experimental weapons.
::{{DIcon}} So you must also be a skilled combatant?
::{{DIcon}} Are you also a Master of Weaponry?
::'''Ematol:''' Not at all. I know nothing about combat. If I were to take up a sword, even a [[Forest Boar|wild boar]] could take on twenty of me.
::'''Paimon:''' ?
::{{DIcon}} ?
::'''Ematol:''' But I'm tougher than nails! Haha!
::'''Ematol:''' When I was trying to analyze the formula for Jumpy Dumpty, I went through... Let me count... 27 incidents, and the blast sent me flying in 19 of them!
::'''Ematol:''' But after bandaging myself up and applying splints, I returned to the team's garrison the next day and went back to work!
::'''Ematol:''' My colleagues were very understanding and helped me keep the incidents hidden from Captain Albedo. Otherwise, I would've missed out on work!
::'''Ematol:''' Following the Sparks is not for the faint of heart or the undisciplined!
::{{DIcon}} You don't have to push yourself that hard...
::{{DIcon}} You could've asked your Captain for some leave...
::'''Paimon:''' Now Paimon's really worried about this Knight's mental state... If we get a chance, we should ask Albedo to keep an eye on her.
::'''Paimon:''' Caring about nothing but your work is a bit much!
:{{DIcon}} Why are you squirming like that?
::'''Ematol:''' Oh! It just that the Great Honorary Knight and The Helper in White are so concerned about my work... It's exciting! But it almost makes me quite nervous...
::'''Ematol:''' Great Honorary Knight, Ematol, Weapons Specialist of the Investigation Team reporting in! Currently executing an urgent mission: Annihilate the Invasive [[Anglers]].
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa! You became so formal all of a sudden. Are we really held in such high regard in the Knights of Favonius?
::{{DIcon}} Annihilate...?
::{{DIcon}} The Invasive Anglers...?
::'''Ematol:''' Huh? You haven't heard about it, Great Honorary Knight? it must be because you've been so busy lately. Such things aren't important enough to warrant your attention!
::'''Ematol:''' It's quite simple, actually. Not long ago, a merchant from [[Sumeru]] came here on business and "released" a few Anglers in [[Cider Lake]]...
::'''Ematol:''' Anglers are a type of fish native to Sumeru and have basically no natural predators in the waters of Mondstadt. This means they can multiply quickly and take over the lake, leaving little room for other species of fish to survive.
::'''Ematol:''' After evaluating the issue, the Knights of Favonius assigned [[Phonia]] and me to handle it.
::'''Ematol:''' If you happen to encounter another knight from the investigation team on the other side of the lake, that would be Phonia. She's operating, uh, "that one detection device," an [[alchemy|alchemical]] device developed by Captain Albedo...
::'''Ematol:''' I don't remember the exact name, but it can detect underwater creatures and identify the unique bodyshape of the Anglers.
::'''Ematol:''' As for me, my job is to deploy bombs at precise locations to annihilate these bullying invasive species and restore peace to Cider Lake.
::'''Ematol:''' Impressive, isn't it?
::{{DIcon}} So... You're blast fishing?
::{{DIcon}} Klee can do it.
::'''Paimon:''' Right... Paimon was just gonna say, Klee's an expert at that.
::'''Ematol:''' No, no, absolutely not! We cannot trouble the Spark Knight with such a mundane task! The Spark Knight's time is incredibly valuable and should only be allocated according to her own will!
::'''Ematol:''' Besides, it's not like the Great Honorary Knight often... "uses heavy naval cannons to blow up [[pigeons]]"?
::{{DIcon}} That's a bit extreme...
::{{DIcon}} That's overkill...
::'''Paimon:''' If you did that, not even a single feather would remain! That's definitely going way too far!
::'''Ematol:''' That's what I mean! The Spark Knight's bombs are like heavy naval cannons, and those schools of Anglers are little different from flocks of pigeons.
::'''Ematol:''' But our objective happens to be "eliminating the pigeons without harming the [[finches]] beside them." That's why I am the perfect man for the job.
::'''Ematol:''' Although the submarine bombs I use are imitations of the Spark Knight's Jumpy Dumpty, they are only one tenth as strong.
::'''Ematol:''' With the help of specially designed detonators and the positions provided by Phonia, I can guarantee that the Angler nesting grounds are demolished without harming any native fish species in Cider Lake!
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it now... You want to target and eliminate only those fish, without harming any others.
::{{DIcon}} I understand the logic...
:::'''Ematol:''' Great! That means it was a good analogy! Of course, the pigeons have done nothing wrong. I just wanted you to know how powerful the Spark Knight's weapons are!
::{{DIcon}} What did the pigeons ever do to you...?
:::'''Ematol:''' Oh! My analogy doesn't seem to be fitting... I'll have to come up with a better one next time. Anyway, I have nothing against the pigeons. I just wanted you to know how powerful the Spark Knight's weapons are!
::'''Ematol:''' However, it is not yet time for me to start. Phonia hasn't completed her preliminary recon work, and doing anything rash right now would surely startle them...
::'''Ematol:''' But Phonia is maddeningly slow, and she has a bad temper. Every time I get close to her, she starts complaining about how I'm messing up her equipment and making her go deaf.
::'''Ematol:''' I don't dare to rush her... But if this keeps up, just when will I finally be able to sail in my dear little boat and drop my beloved bombs...?
::{{DIcon}} Don't let me keep you!
::'''Ematol:''' You're too kind! Great Honorary Knight and The Helper in White, please take care!

;(After finishing the last event challenge)
:'''Ematol:''' Teeheehee! What a wonderfully executed mission! Perhaps... the Captain will allow me to write the training manual when we create a "bomb squad"!
:{{DIcon}} How is the mission progressing?
::'''Paimon:''' Judging from how proudly you're talking to yourself, the mission must be going swimmingly?
::'''Ematol:''' Oh! Great Honorary Knight and The Helper in White, I'm happy to report that the mission to "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers" has been completed!
::'''Ematol:''' Phonia has double-checked and confirmed that I have cleared out all the Angler nests. Not a single fish slipped through our net!
::'''Ematol:''' However, there were a few nests that were quite tough. I had to use multiple bombs to get rid of them. The heavy rocks were really difficult to deal with.
::'''Ematol:''' No wonder all the Spark Knight's bombs, large or small, have such a high ratio of explosive charge to weight! It's all about ensuring sufficient detonation pressure to crack hardened targets! She is so incredible!
::{{DIcon}} Great job!
::{{DIcon}} That's difficult to understand...
::'''Paimon:''' Great. More technobabble that we can't understand...
::'''Ematol:''' However, strictly speaking, charge quantity isn't the answer to everything. The primary issue is that explosive energy disperses in every direction and is not focused in a single direction.
::'''Ematol:''' Could a cone-shaped casing be used to concentrate the explosive energy so it would penetrate thick defenses...?
::'''Ematol:''' Then a cone-shaped case like that would have to be made of sturdy metal... That's something I need to research...
::'''Ematol:''' Right! With the extra bonus from this operation and a week's salary, I'll treat the Spark Knight to a few grand meals to thank her for her contributions to the operation...
::'''Ematol:''' And also discuss with her how to make a type of bomb with a new structure that can focus the explosive energy... Heheheh...
::{{DIcon}} What's with that sudden shift!?
::{{DIcon}} You jumped to that topic way too quickly!
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! It's great that you want to treat Klee to a meal, but you're the one who did all the work.
::'''Paimon:''' Wouldn't you feel you did all that work for nothing if you just give away everything that you earned through your own hard work and time to others?
::'''Ematol:''' Nothing of the sort! Everything I know about bombs, I either learned from the Spark Knight or I was inspired by her to invent it myself!
::'''Ematol:''' If the Spark Knight hadn't shown me her bombs and explained so much about them, I'd still be... a regular knight without neither strength of arm nor skill with a blade.
::'''Ematol:''' And I wouldn't have been able to complete the mission this time!
::'''Ematol:''' That's why I honestly feel the credit for the success of this mission belongs to the Spark Knight! The Spark Knight is not interested in Mora, but she's definitely into food!
::'''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Wow! Such irrefutable, solid logic!
::{{DIcon}} Woohoo! The Spark Knight has a new apprentice!
::{{DIcon}} Woohoo! Klee's student's going to pay for the meal!
::'''Ematol:''' Shh! It's not like that, really!
::'''Ematol:''' The Spark Knight shall always be completely free. A bond like that between master and apprentice, that would be a constraint upon the Spark Knight! I do not wish to impose such trouble on her!
::'''Ematol:''' At most I'll just... Well... Observe the Spark Knight from afar and study how she crafts and deploys bombs...
::'''Ematol:''' Right! Just treat me as a copycat bombmaker in the wild!
:{{DIcon}} You are...
::'''Ematol:''' Ematol, Weapons Specialist of the investigation team, reporting to the Great Honorary Knight and The Helper in White!
::'''Ematol:''' You may have heard of me, but since you're captain-level heroes who've seen many knights, so it's understandable if you don't remember me!
::'''Ematol:''' If you don't mind, please allow me to give you a brief introduction to some of my responsibilities in the investigation team...
::'''Ematol:''' "In addition to basic military intelligence reports, we also investigate, collect, and analyze combat-related data of the Knights, finding ways to continuously improve tactics and combat capabilities."
::'''Ematol:''' Therefore, learning the habits of the Knights and modifying their weapons and equipment are both part of our responsibilities.
::'''Ematol:''' The so-called Weapons Specialist, in truth, is a knight who is responsible for testing experimental weapons.
::'''Ematol:''' I was sent to carry out the mission to "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers." I am happy to report that I have successfully eradicated all the invasive Anglers in Cider Lake, and have had the chance to test out a prototype bomb...
::'''Ematol:''' I am completely satisfied!
::{{DIcon}} So you must also be a skilled combatant?
::{{DIcon}} Are you also a Master of Weaponry?
::'''Ematol:''' Not at all. I know nothing about combat. If I were to take up a sword, even a wild boar could take on twenty of me.
::'''Paimon:''' ?
::{{DIcon}} ?
::'''Ematol:''' But I'm tougher than nails! Haha!
::'''Ematol:''' When I was trying to analyze the formula for Jumpy Dumpty, I went through... Let me count... 27 incidents, and the blast sent me flying in 19 of them!
::'''Ematol:''' But after bandaging myself up and applying splints, I returned to the team's garrison the next day and went back to work!
::'''Ematol:''' My colleagues were very understanding and helped me keep the incidents hidden from Captain Albedo. Otherwise, I would've missed out on work!
::'''Ematol:''' Following the Sparks is not for the faint of heart or the undisciplined!
::{{DIcon}} You don't have to push yourself that hard...
::{{DIcon}} You could've asked your Captain for some leave...
::'''Paimon:''' Now Paimon's really worried about this Knight's mental state... If we get a chance, we should ask Albedo to keep an eye on her.
::'''Paimon:''' Caring about nothing but your work is a bit much!
:{{DIcon}} (Let's just sneak away.)
::'''Paimon:''' (She's obviously too happy to care about anything else... Let's just leave her be...)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Jala===
{{Transclude|Jala|Event Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

[[pt-br:Encontro Explosivo de Dodoco/História]]
[[ru:Бомбические приключения Додоко/История]]