{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70546
|image         = Event Quest Dodoco's Boom-Bastic Escapades!.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Dodoco's Boom-Bastic Escapades
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Ematol; Paimon; Phonia; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Dodoco's Boom-Bastic Escapades]] Event.
}}
'''''Dodoco's Boom-Bastic Escapades!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Dodoco's Boom-Bastic Escapades]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the two knights

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|While passing by a quiet garden in Mondstadt, a couple of Knights who are discussing a "new game" draw your and Paimon's attention...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Ematol and Phonia)
:'''Ematol:''' C'mon, Phonia, c'mon! Don't you want to be the first player to ever experience the marvel that is "Dodoco's Boom-Bastic Escapades"? Go on, you know you want to!
:'''Ematol:''' An all-new combat mode that's more flexible than ever before, allowing you to not only achieve pinpoint-precise demolition but also outsmart crafty enemies while you're at it &mdash; how could that not be an absolute blast!
:'''Phonia:''' How about... no. Just because you spend all day fantasizing about bombs, doesn't mean the rest of us do too.
:'''Phonia:''' Heck, helping you out by getting the prototype and tabletop game up and running already counts as some serious overtime.
:'''Phonia:''' All I want to do now is order some takeout from the Good Hunter, then return to the comfort of my humble abode. By the time it arrives, I'll have just finished the last of the laundry, and it'll finally be time to kick back and relax...
:'''Phonia:''' As for this new boom shaka-lacking game of yours... Well, next time we're on shift together, I might give it a go. If I'm already bored out of my mind, what harm could it do anyway...?
:'''Paimon:''' Did you just say the words "new" and "game" together in the same sentence? Paimon's curious now... Could we take a look?
:'''Ematol:''' Wait a minute, is that you, Honorary Knight and their Helper in White? You're actually here! What are the chances!?
:{{DIcon}} I remember now, you're the "Bombaholic"!
::'''Ematol:''' Y&mdash;You know who I am, Honorary Knight? I must really have left an impression during "Annihilate the Invasive Anglers"... Even you've heard about me?
::'''Ematol:''' I&mdash;I&mdash;I... I promise I won't let you down!
::'''Ematol:''' Recently, I've been making ongoing improvements to the formula and design of my bombs, striving to narrow the gap between me and the Spark Knight, bit by bit, boom by boom...
::'''Phonia:''' Anyway, after the previous operation, Ematol concluded that relying solely on long-distance bomb deployment had considerable tactical shortcomings, and wasn't effective enough at dealing with certain types of obstacles and cover...
:{{DIcon}} And you are...?
::'''Phonia:''' Mere cogs in the well-oiled machine that is the Knights of Favonius that we are, it's no surprise that you haven't heard of us, Honorary Knight, or that our faces might have slipped your mind. Perfectly understandable!
::'''Phonia:''' I'm Phonia, Investigative Team Signals Officer, and I'm responsible for testing alchemical detection equipment. This is my colleague, Investigative Team Weapons Officer Ematol, who has a... shall we say, rather unique interest in explosives.
::'''Phonia:''' Last time, we were in charge of dealing with those Anglers from Sumeru invading Cider Lake. That operation, which took place quite a while back now, went pretty smoothly.
::'''Phonia:''' After that, Ematol concluded that relying solely on long-distance bomb deployment had considerable tactical shortcomings, and wasn't effective enough at dealing with certain types of obstacles and cover...
:'''Phonia:''' So she began experimenting with some new equipment. To test it out, we even made some improvements to the Spark Knight's beloved tabletop game.
:'''Ematol:''' That's right! And in recent days, after analyzing the Spark Knight's combat strategy, I've come up with another way to use the bombs!
:'''Ematol:''' If we were the Spark Knight, the solution would probably be: "If a single bomb's worth of explosives isn't enough, use three; if a lone Jumpy Dumpty can't solve the issue, throw three." And yes, increased firepower is a surefire way to solve the problem.
:'''Ematol:''' But for run-of-the-mill Knights like us, that just isn't an option. We simply can't compete with the Spark Knight's Jumpy Dumpties and their boom factor, so we've focused on improving flexibility and accuracy to make up for the lack of power.
:'''Ematol:''' Our thinking was that if we could create something that could track targets and get close enough to lay down bombs, we could strike dangerous targets with pinpoint accuracy and thereby maximize the load!
:'''Paimon:''' T&mdash;Tracking enemies and laying down bombs? Sounds pretty impressive, but also kinda scary...
:'''Paimon:''' If Paimon were a hilichurl chasing down a Forest Boar with her hilichurl buddies, and suddenly a little thingamajig popped out of nowhere and threw a bomb in our faces... she'd probably be so terrified she'd faint!
:{{DIcon}} That actually sounds pretty cool...
::'''Paimon:''' You're spot on... the fact that it would be so terrifying to monsters and enemies simply proves how useful it would be to us, the Knights of Favonius, and upstanding adventurers too!
:{{DIcon}} ...Can I have one?
::'''Ematol:''' My hunch was right! You're an explosives enthusiast, just like me...
:'''Ematol:''' But this new device is still in the early stages of testing. It'll take some time before it's ready for official production and use... I'll give it everything I've got!
:'''Phonia:''' Given that conducting experiments in the wild would harm Mondstadt's natural ecosystem and how this isn't important enough to justify us bothering Captain Albedo, it wasn't worth the trouble of applying for a testing ground.
:'''Phonia:''' After Ematol asked for my advice, we settled on a small-scale simulation prototype to test the controls and explosive capabilities.
:'''Phonia:''' It just so happened that we thought of an old tabletop game that would make the perfect foundation for such testing. So Ematol dragged me off to find Lisa...
:'''Ematol:''' And thank goodness we did! With Lisa's enthusiastic support, advice, and even some help with the storyline, the end result is... a-ma-zing!!!
:'''Ematol:''' Tada! Behold, here on this game table before your very eyes, the much-awaited sequel to Dodoco's Bomb-Tastic Adventure... "Dodoco's Boom-Bastic Escapades"!
:'''Ematol:''' After mastering the art of close-range demolition, Dodoco and her Special Jumpy Dumpties are back with an explosively volatile vengeance, here to follow our commands and obliterate hordes of resurgent enemies!
:'''Ematol:''' Bear witness to an epic battle of wits between Dodoco and the Spikey Fish King, and as you do, immerse yourself in intense action and joyous destruction... while helping us record valuable test data for our new device, of course.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! So that's the game you've been working on, huh, Ematol? The latest installment in the Dodoco versus Spikey Fish saga!
:'''Phonia:''' Seems like the Honorary Knight and the Helper in White are pretty excited about it, Ematol. Their feedback will no doubt prove invaluable.
:'''Ematol:''' I can tell! If they'd be willing to spend some of their precious time playing, I'd be eternally grateful!
:{{DIcon}} Does that mean we'll be the first to play it?
:{{DIcon}} ...You're not forgetting someone, are you?
:'''Paimon:''' Given that it's the follow-up to the Dodoco v. Spikey Fish story, wouldn't the Spark Knight herself be the most suitable game tester of all?
:'''Ematol:''' Ah! Well... Considering that Dodoco features in the new game, that would of course be a true honor...
:'''Ematol:''' But I wanted to make sure that "Dodoco's Boom-Bastic Escapades" is as incredible an experience as possible, with as few flaws as is humanly possible, such that by the time the Spark Knight gets the chance to play it...
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon's got it! You're saying that this time, we'll have multiple roles &mdash; not only are we helping you test out your new device, but we're also acting as game testers, making sure that Klee will love it!
:{{DIcon}} Sounds right up my street!
:{{DIcon}} In the name of Klee, and fun games too!
:'''Ematol:''' Wonderful! I'd say we're getting on like an exploding house on fire, wouldn't you agree?
:'''Ematol:''' Just the thought of watching you guys play gets me so pumped right now! Anyway, let's get this show on the road!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Dodoco's Boom-Bastic Escapades!
|zhs      = 嘟嘟可砰砰历险记！
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 嘟嘟可砰砰歷險記！
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = ドドコバンバン冒険記！
|ja_rm    = Dodoko Banban Boukenki!
|ja_tl    = <!--Dodoco Boom Boom Adventure Story!-->
|ko       = 도도코 펑펑 모험기!
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¡«Las explosivas Dodoaventuras»!
|es_tl    = The Dodoadventure Explosives!
|fr       = Escapade extravaboum de Dodoco !
|fr_tl    = Dodoco's Extravaboom Escapade!
|ru       = Бабах-приключения Додоко!
|ru_tl    = Dodoco's Boom-Adventures!
|th       = บันทึกการผจญภัยของ Dodoco ปุ้งปุ้ง!
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Cuộc Tẩu Thoát Bùng Nổ Của Dodoco!
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Dodocos bombastische Wagnisse
|de_tl    = Dodoco's Bombastic Ventures
|id       = Perjalanan Bom-Bastis Dodoco!
|id_tl    = Dodoco's Boom-Bastic Journey!
|pt       = Aventuras Boombásticas de Dodoco!
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Dodoko'nun Bombastik Kaçamakları!
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Le prorompenti peripezie di Dodoco!
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

[[pt-br:Aventuras Boombásticas de Dodoco!]]
[[ru:Бабах-приключения Додоко!]]
[[vi:Cuộc Tẩu Thoát Bùng Nổ Của Dodoco!]]