[[Version 2.7]]
* Added "Challenge Features" descriptions to Domains of Blessing, Forgery, and Mastery with a high Recommended Party Level.
----
[[Version 2.6]]
* Adjusts the height of the central stage disc in some Domains.
* Added the following Domains:
** [[Harmonics Research Facility]] (Event)
** [[The Lost Valley]] (Blessing)
----
[[Version 2.5]]
* Added the following Domains:
** [[End of the Oneiric Euthymia]] (Trounce)
** [[Secret Summoning Chamber]] (Quest)
----
[[Version 2.4]]
* Added the following Domains:
** [[Beneath the Abandoned House]] (Quest)
** [[Oceanic Defender]] (Event)
** [[Sea Gazer's Abode]] (Quest)
** [[Where the Heart Finds Rest (Domain)|Where the Heart Finds Rest]] (Quest)
----
[[Version 2.3]]
* Added the following Domains:
** [[Crumbling Guilt]] (Quest)
** [[Deceitful Domain]] (Event)
** [[Dilapidated Old House]] (Event)
** [[Slumbering Court]] (Blessing)
* Fixed an issue in some Domains whereby when a character is on top of some enemies, they may get stuck and be unable to fall.
----
[[Version 2.2]]
* Added the following Domains:
** [[Moshiri Kara]] (One-Time)
** [[Mystic Onmyou Chamber]] (Event)
----
[[Version 2.1]]
* Added the following Domains:
** [[Delusion Factory]] (Quest)
** [[Hidden Mountain Base]] (Quest)
** [[Narukami Island: Tenshukaku]] (Trounce)
** [[Narukami Island: Tenshukaku (Quest Domain)|Narukami Island: Tenshukaku]] (Quest)
** [[Palace in a Pool]] (One-Time)
** [[Tenryou Commission Headquarters (Domain)|Tenryou Commission Headquarters]] (Quest)
----
[[Version 2.0]]
* Added the following Domains:
** [[Automaton Front]] (Event)
** [[Court of Flowing Sand]] (Forgery)
** [[Empty Boat of a Thousand Gates]] (One-Time)
** [[Formation Estate]] (One-Time)
** [[Momiji-Dyed Court]] (Blessing)
** [[Plane of Euthymia]] (Quest)
** [[Police Detention Center]] (Quest)
** [[Shakkei Pavilion]] (One-Time)
** [[Violet Court]] (Mastery)
* Added sound effect when leaving Domains.
----
[[Version 1.6]]
* Added the following Domains:
** [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword]] (Event)
* Removed pop-up window when selecting "Continue Challenge" and having [[Condensed Resin]] but less than 20 [[Original Resin]].
* Removed "Challenge Failed" screen when teleporting out of Domains.
* Added "Domain Details" page at the entrance of the Domains to view the Ley Line Disorders and Monster List.
* Minor adjustment to domain entry animation.
* When fallen in [[Co-Op Mode]] within a Domain, one can rotate the camera view in spectator mode.
----
[[Version 1.5]]
* Added the following Domains:
** [[Behind Enemy Lines]] (Quest)
** [[Beneath the Ancient Tree]] (Quest)
** [[Beneath the Dragon-Queller]] (Trounce)
** [[Frost-Worn Space]] (Event)
** [[Ridge Watch]] (Blessing)
** [[Twisted Realm]] (Event)
** [[Vishap's Rest]] (Event)
** [[Where Shadows Writhe]] (Event)
* [[Original Resin]] costs reduced to 30 for first 3 Weekly Bosses each week.
* Domains now display [[Condensed Resin]] cost as well as [[Original Resin]] cost on retry.
----
[[Version 1.4]]
* Added the following Domains:
** [[Call of the Abyss]] (Quest)
** [[Deserted Ruins of Eya]] (Quest)
** [[Deserted Ruins of Thermadon]] (Quest)
** [[Peculiar Wonderland]] (Event)
----
[[Version 1.3]]
* Added the following Domains:
** [[Abyssal Traces]] (Quest)
** [[Enter the "border"]] (Quest)
** [[Karma-Heavy Cavern]] (Quest)
** [[Theater Mechanicus/2021-02-10|Theater Mechanicus]] (Event)
----
[[Version 1.2]]
* Added the following Domains:
** [[Peak of Vindagnyr]] (Blessing)
** [[Waltz of Earth, Wind, and Thunder]] (Event)
** [[Elemental Trial]] (One-Time)
* Added ability repeat a Domain challenge from inside the Domain.
* For [[Domains of Forgery]] and [[Domains of Mastery]]: The domain levels that were only level available on Sunday were removed from the game. These levels used to provide a random assortment of the materials that were available on other days of the week. After the Version 1.2 update players can now pick any of the other domain levels to enter on Sunday.
* [[Trounce Domains]] now show "Remaining attempts to claim treasure: 1/1" and refresh time in the map waypoint instead of only when entering the domain.
* In [[Co-Op Mode]], guests and the host can quit the challenge at anytime without affecting other Travelers in the game.
----
[[Version 1.1]]
* Added the following Domains:
** [[Enter the Golden House]] (Trounce)
** [[Enter the Golden House (Quest Domain)|Enter the Golden House]] (Quest)
** [[The Wonderful World Of Mr. Cyclops]] (Quest)
** [[Of Mysteries and Salt]] (Quest)
----
[[Version 1.0]]
* Domains were released with:
** Blessing:
*** [[Clear Pool and Mountain Cavern]]
*** [[Domain of Guyun]]
*** [[Hidden Palace of Zhou Formula]]
*** [[Midsummer Courtyard]]
*** [[Valley of Remembrance]]
** Forgery:
*** [[Cecilia Garden]]
*** [[Hidden Palace of Lianshan Formula]]
** Mastery:
*** [[Forsaken Rift]]
*** [[Taishan Mansion]]
** Quest:
*** [[Ascend: Clear the Ruins]]
*** [[Cipher for the Ciphertext]]
*** [[Cloud Retainer's Abode]]
*** [[Deep Within the Temple of the Falcon]]
*** [[Deep Within the Temple of the Lion]]
*** [[Deep Within the Temple of the Wolf]]
*** [[Find the Stolen Book]]
*** [[Hidden Teardrop in the Heart of the Jungle]]
*** [[Hunt Down the Abyss Mage]]
*** [[Inside the Teapot]]
*** [[Lost Treasure of Arcadia]]
*** [[Retrieve the Holy Lyre der Himmel]]
*** [[Retrieve the Treasure]]
*** [[Secret Ingredient (Domain)|Secret Ingredient]]
*** [[Storming Terror]]
*** [[The Great Adventurer Stanley]]
*** [[The Reward for Courage is Flight]]
** One-Time:
*** [[Domain of Forsaken Ruins]]
*** [[Domain of the Wayward Path]]
*** [[Eagle's Gate]]
*** [[Hidden Palace of Guizang Formula]]
*** [[Temple of the Falcon]]
*** [[Temple of the Lion]]
*** [[Temple of the Wolf]]
** Trounce
*** [[Confront Stormterror]]
** Other Domains:
*** [[Spiral Abyss]]
<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>