{{Talent Infobox
|image         = Talent Dominance of Earth.png
|character     = Zhongli
|type          = 4th Ascension Passive
|info          = Zhongli deals bonus DMG based on his Max HP:
* [[Rain of Stone|Normal Attack, Charged Attack, and Plunging Attack]] DMG is increased by 1.39% of Max HP.
* '''[[Dominus Lapidis]]'''' Stone Stele, resonance, and hold DMG is increased by 1.9% of Max HP.
* '''[[Planet Befall]]''''s DMG is increased by 33% of Max HP.
|scale_att1    = HP
|utility1      = Flat DMG Increase
|utility2      = Normal Attack DMG Increase
|utility3      = Charged Attack DMG Increase
|utility4      = Plunging Attack DMG Increase
|utility5      = Elemental Skill DMG Increase
|utility6      = Elemental Burst DMG Increase
}}
'''Dominance of Earth''' is [[Zhongli]]'s [[4th Ascension Passive]].

==Gameplay Notes==
With this passive, the '''base outgoing damage''' is calculated using the following formula:
:<math>\text{Outgoing DMG} = (\text{ATK} \times  \% \text{ Ability}</math><math>+ \text{HP}\times\text{Ability HP Mult})</math><math>\times (1 + \% \text{ DMG Bonus} )</math>Where:
* <math>\text{ATK}</math> is the subject's total '''ATK''' value (including ATK and % ATK Bonuses), given by <math>\text{ATK}=\text{ATK Base} \times (1+\%\text{ ATK})+\text{ATK Flat}</math>, where
**<math>\text{ATK Base}</math> is the base attack of the subject. (This is the sum of the character's innate level-dependent ATK and their weapon's ATK.)
** <math>\%\text{ ATK}</math> is the sum of all percentage attack bonuses the subject has.
** <math>\text{ATK Flat}</math> is the sum of all flat attack bonuses (excluding base attack) the subject has.
* <math>\% \text{ Ability}</math> is the ability's damage percentage. (This is listed in the Talents screen for combat talents and in the Weapon Effects screen for weapon abilities.)
* <math>\% \text{ DMG Bonus}</math> is the sum of all [[Damage Bonus]]es applicable to the attack.
* <math>\text{HP}</math> is the subject's maximum health.
* <math>\text{Ability HP Mult}</math> is the multiplier corresponding to the used ability, that is, 0.0139 for [[Rain of Stone]], 0.019 for [[Dominus Lapidis]], and 0.33 for [[Planet Befall]].

This value is then multiplied by other coefficients, including [[crit]] and target [[defense]]. For more information, see [[Damage#Outgoing Damage]].

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* The original Chinese version (as well as the Vietnamese version) uses the Chinese idiom {{lang|''chuī jīn zhuàn yù''|zh=炊金馔玉}}, literally meaning "to steam gold and prepare jade as food."  It is a poetic expression for "to have a gorgeous meal," which originated from a poem by the Chinese poet {{w|Luo Binwang}} (640?－684?).
** In the case of Zhongli, however, the idiom may also refer to his ability to produce [[mora]] (virtually equivalent to gold) and his foundation of [[Liyue]] (lit. "Lapis Lazuli Moon").

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dominance of Earth
|zhs     = 炊金馔玉
|zhs_rm  = Chuī Jīn Zhuàn Yù
|zht     = 炊金饌玉
|zht_rm  = Chuī Jīn Zhuàn Yù
|zh_tl   = Steam Gold and Prepare Jade as Food
|zh_note = See the [[#Trivia|Trivia]] section.
|ja      = 贅沢な食饌
|ja_rm   = Zeitaku na Shokusen<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/UkJ07HvWVhE Zhongli's Collected Miscellany] (Japanese Voice-Over)</ref>
|ja_tl   = Gorgeous Feast
|ko      = {{tt|호의호식|好衣好食}}
|ko_rm   = Ho'uihosik
|ko_tl   = Good Cloth and Good Food
|ko_note = An idiom for "to live well."
|es      = Dominio de la Tierra
|es_tl   = Dominion of the Earth
|fr      = Domination de la Terre
|fr_tl   = Domination of the Earth
|ru      = Господство земли
|ru_tl   = Dominance of Earth
|th      = Dominance of Earth
|vi      = {{tt|Xuy Kim Soạn Ngọc|炊金馔玉}}
|vi_tl   = Steam Gold and Prepare Jade as Food{{Sino|vi}}
|de      = Hungrige Erde
|de_tl   = Hungry Earth
|id      = Dominance of Earth
|pt      = Domínio da Terra
|pt_tl   = Dominance of Earth
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Navbox|Zhongli}}

[[es:Dominio de la Tierra]]
[[ru:Господство земли]]
[[pt-br:Domínio da Terra]]
[[th:Dominance of Earth]]
[[uk:Карбування золота]]