{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Donatello.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Special Security and Surveillance Patrol
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = Chevreuse's Mother
|sibling          = 
|child            = Chevreuse
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Donatello''' is a mentioned character in ''Genshin Impact''. He is [[Chevreuse]]'s father.

==Profile==
Donatello was a member of the [[Maison Gardiennage]], as a [[Garde]]. He was frequently busy in his work, often coming home late at times to his family with sweets for Chevreuse and woke up early in the morning for his shifts. Donatello's work ethic was noted by everyone, and he was well-known and praised by his wife, neighbors and colleagues, such as Vice Captain [[Grizzetti]] of the Special Patrol.

Eventually, during an important case, Donatello leaked sensitive information to the press to investigate a criminal, resulting his colleagues arriving at his home to gather evidence for the upcoming trial. When a young Chevreuse asked them what was going on, they hesitated to answer her, choking back on tears before telling her that he was an upstanding officer of the law, causing her to realize that he was an upstanding sinner. This resulted in Chevreuse and her mother being forced to move to [[Court of Fontaine: Fleuve Cendre|Fleuve Cendre]], though Donatello's colleagues would continue to visit his family, bringing gifts and news of his trial. While he was clearly guilty of his crime, they worked with the [[Maison Gestion]] to ensure that he would not suffer further castigation, and after the trial was over, was sent to the [[Fortress of Meropide]] to serve out his sentence.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Chevreuse|4}}</ref>

After his sentence was over, Donatello began serving in the Special Patrol. To help Chevreuse follow in his footsteps as an enforcer of the law, he helped proofread her statement that she would give to the Captain at the time and subjected her to rigorous training meant to frustrate and vex her, including swimming in ice-cold water. He also taught her about the basic concepts of justice and how one should enact it. Members of the Gardes and Special Patrol also provided assistance to help her in her task. Donatello was worried about having her follow in his footsteps, but after she completed his training, deemed her to be even more suited than him in upholding "justice."<ref>{{Ref/CS|Chevreuse|5}}</ref>

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Donatello
|zhs     = 多纳泰洛
|zhs_rm  = Duōnàtàiluò
|zht     = 多納泰洛
|zht_rm  = Duōnàtàiluò
|ja      = ドナテッロ
|ja_rm   = Donaterro
|ko      = 도나텔로
|es      = Donatello
|fr      = Donatello
|ru      = Донателло
|th      = Donatello
|vi      = Donatello
|de      = Donatello
|id      = Donatello
|pt      = Donatello
|tr      = Donatello
|it      = Donatello
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}