{{CharacterTabs}}
<!--{{Quote|Description|Description from the Official Website<ref>Official Genshin Impact Website: [LINK <character name>]</ref>}}-->

==Personality==
<!--{{Quote|Description|In-game character attributes and profile page text}}-->
''(To be added.)''

==Appearance==
<!-- Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 3 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each. -->
Dori is a short young girl with fair skin, golden brown eyes and messy pink hair with several tufts that stick out in random directions and a small hairpin. She sports a large purple hat with gold details and a large golden ornament with a gem that resembles a flower pinned to the front along with a white and purple bow. Dori also sports a pair of small glasses with reddish lenses and gold diamond-shaped frames.

Dori wears a black cropped top exposing her midriff with detached white sleeves decorated with numerous golden trinkets and gems. Her sleeves have a number of white and gold overcoats that resemble flowers, and her chest has a large blue gem in the middle with a long piece of white fabric attached to it. She also wears a number of golden rings on her fingers and wears pink nail polish.

Dori sports a pair of baggy gold-trimmed purple pants with a large pink and purple bow on one side and a white strap dangling off the other. Her pants are also decorated with the same flower-like overcoat, with a large black flower on both sides. Dori wears a pair of black sandals on both feet. Her Electro Vision is attached to a large tassel dangling from her hat.
==Official Introduction==
{{Official Introduction
|title=The Mora, the merrier!
|link=https://www.hoyolab.com/article/5918223
|character=Dori
}}
{{Quote|No matter how rare the experimental materials are, you can buy them from Dori. I don't know where she gets her goods from... Also, make sure you pay attention to the price when you buy from her. My heart aches every time I pay the bill.|Tighnari}}
The unpredictable and elusive Dori seems to have an uncountable number of treasures.

As the most "resourceful" merchant in [[Sumeru]], she has a way to get you anything you need, be it precious gems, rare herbs, and exotic items that no one has ever heard of.

Of course, this doesn't come at a small price. Dori always has a warm smile on her face when quoting you jaw-dropping prices.

Some people see her as rain after a long drought, one that brings timely relief, while others regard her as an unscrupulous merchant who takes advantage of the situation.

But all this chatter doesn't faze Dori in the slightest. The only thing that echoes in the [[Palace of Alcazarzaray]] has always been the crisp sound of [[Mora]] tinkling.

==Trivia==
*

===Etymology===
*Dori (دُری) is a word of Persian origin meaning "shining" or "glowing."

<!--
==Character Stories==
{{Character Story
|title1        = Character Details
|text1         = 
|mention1      = 

|title2        = Character Story 1
|friendship2   = 2
|quest2        = 
|other2        = 
|text2         = 
|mention2      = 

|title3        = Character Story 2
|friendship3   = 3
|quest3        = 
|other3        = 
|text3         = 
|mention3      = 

|title4        = Character Story 3
|friendship4   = 4
|quest4        = 
|other4        = 
|text4         = 
|mention4      = 

|title5        = Character Story 4
|friendship5   = 5
|quest5        = 
|other5        = 
|text5         = 
|mention5      = 

|title6        = Character Story 5
|friendship6   = 6
|quest6        = 
|other6        = 
|text6         = 
|mention6      = 

|title7        = 
|friendship7   = 4
|quest7        = 
|other7        = 
|text7         = 
|mention7      = 

|title8        = Vision
|friendship8   = 6
|quest8        = 
|other8        = 
|text8         = 
|mention8      = 
}}

==Namecard==
{{Namecard|Namecard name}}
-->
==Constellation==
{{Constellation Lore|Magicae Lucerna}}
<!--
==Quests and Events==
{{Quest Appearances}}

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Mail==
* [[Birthday/Character Name]]

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->
==Navigation==
{{Character Navbox|link type=lore}}