{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Dori
|id             = 368154
|image          = Character Dori Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Dori''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Stock up on goods...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} See how they glitter...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Earn some big Mora...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Let me count my Mora...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Let's do some business...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Show me the Mora...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Oh hello, hello...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dori mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Hello, {{Traveler}}. If you'd like to speak with me, then you'll have to cough up some Mora first.
:{{A|vo dori mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Just kidding, just kidding! Hehe, I just wanted to see how you'd react, that's all.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Ahem, well, even though it's nothing compared to the [[Palace of Alcazarzaray]]...
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' I suppose it could suffice as my backup base. It'll do.
::{{DIcon}} "It'll do"? C'mon, it's gotta be better than that...
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Puh-lease, merely receiving a compliment from the wise and mighty Lord Sangemah Bay...
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Is already high praise indeed!
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Dori:''' You're certainly a cut above the average artless toadstool!
::{{DIcon}} How do I take it from "It'll do" to "It's amazing"?
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Oh? You mean... you mean, what'll it take for it to beat the Palace of Alcazarzaray as my primary base?
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Wow, good to see my young apprentice show some ambition for once.
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship1 03b 3.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Really, I'm impressed!
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Dori:''' But, if the knowledgeable Lord Sangemah Bay is to serve as a renovation consultant for this place...
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Dori:''' You'll need some Mora, a LOT of Mora...
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Dori:''' No rush, though. I'm sure you'll save enough Mora... someday.
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Dori:''' I suppose I might stay here a little longer, now that there's an opportunity to earn big Mora, hehe.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Want to chat?
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' I most certainly would!
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' The question is, have you brought enough Mora?
::{{DIcon}} Uh, why are you so obsessed with Mora?
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship2 03a 1.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Well, first and foremost, I'm a merchant.
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship2 03a 2.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Second, Mora is shiny, round, and mesmerizing!
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship2 03a 3.ogg}} '''Dori:''' And third, only if you truly adore Mora will it always come running your way.
::{{DIcon}} Why do you want to make so much Mora?
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship2 03b 1.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Because Mora is the loveliest thing in the whole world!
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship2 03b 2.ogg}} '''Dori:''' And I don't want to lose anything precious to me again due to a lack of Mora... Never again...
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship2 03b 3.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Ahem, anyway, Mora can solve most of life's problems.
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship2 03b 4.ogg}} '''Dori:''' And if you ever find a problem that Mora can't fix, just try doubling the amount you're offering!
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Dori:''' So, work hard and cherish every Mora you make.
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Dori:''' That way, I can stay by your side and keep earning Mora from you forever.
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Well, whaddya waiting for? Get out there and chase that Mora!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Yeah, let's work together and make a big, shiny, golden statue and place it out where everyone can see!
::{{DIcon}} So is this your recommendation as my new "renovation consultant"?
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' That's right. I've been thinking about what this place is lacking...
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Dori:''' And then it hit me. What's missing is more shiny gold! Hehe!
::{{DIcon}} In that case... why don't we make a golden Dori statue?
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship3 04a 1.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Well, if you really insist!
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship3 04a 2.ogg}} '''Dori:''' But maybe we should wait until you can afford the rights to use my image.
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship3 04a 3.ogg}} '''Dori:''' For now, we can start with a simple Mora sculpture!
::{{DIcon}} How about... we make a shiny, golden Mora sculpture?
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship3 04b 1.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Haha, at long last, my tastes are beginning to rub off on you, my young apprentice!
:::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship3 04b 2.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Alright, we'll make a Mora sculpture!
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Because this place could potentially serve as my base, naturally, it should be to my liking!
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Dori:''' But let's get one thing straight: This is a collaboration between {{Traveler}} and the eminent Lord Sangemah Bay.
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Dori:''' So you better bring your best to the project.
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Dori:''' I prepared all the tools and raw gold a few days ago. Anyway, I'll cover the expenses this time, as long as you perform the labor!
::{{DIcon}} Wait... You'll cover the expenses?
::{{DIcon}} Did I hear that right?
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Okay okay, enough idle chitchat.
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Come talk to me when you're ready to get to work.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Dori.
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Good morning, my young apprentice.
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' A successful day starts with the morning. That Mora's not gonna earn itself, after all.
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo morning 03.ogg}} '''Dori:''' So c'mon, let's get moving!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Dori.
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Good night, my young apprentice.
::{{A|vo dori mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' I hope you have a nice dream filled with shiny Mora.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Coalesced Brilliance===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm dori jewelrystore 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Ho-ho, nothing can compare to my darling Mora, but the gemstones here are beautifully lustrous.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm dori jewelrystore 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' The longer you spend in my company, the more astute your tastes grow, my apprentice. How very wonderful.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm dori jewelrystore 03.ogg}} '''Dori:''' I, the magnanimous Lord Sangemah Bay, have decided that I will be staying here for a little longer. No need to thank me &mdash; I know you must feel honored, and that's enough for me.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Amidst Prospering Markets===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm dori grandbazaar 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Aha, now this is my kind of environment. And look at this discerning arrangement of shops.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm dori grandbazaar 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' I'm impressed, my young apprentice. Perhaps you're more of a business genius than I realized?
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm dori grandbazaar 03.ogg}} '''Dori:''' The next time that I, the renowned Lord Sangemah Bay, am negotiating a major business deal, make sure you come along.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[fr:Dori/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:ドリー/仲間]]
[[ru:Дори/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Dori/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Dori/Bạn Đồng Hành]]