{{Location Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Not Accessible
|region       = Mondstadt
|area         = 
}}
'''Dornman Port''' is a port in [[Mondstadt]], although its exact location is unclear. So far, it has only been mentioned through [[NPC]] dialogue and character stories.

==Overview==
Dornman Port's geographical location has not been contextualized, but [[Henry Morton]] states it is "too far away" to charter a boat to the [[Nameless Island]],<ref name="HenryMorton">{{Ref/NPC|Henry Morton}}</ref> and its distance from the [[City of Mondstadt]] is large enough that the [[Knights of Favonius]]' Reconnaissance Company, led by [[Eula]], has to constantly patrol the trading route between Dornman Port and Mondstadt City during [[Weinlesefest]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Charity Event! A Great Success!}}</ref> Legally docking at the port requires a valid entry permit.<ref name="AlchemicalAscension">Event [[Alchemical Ascension]], Potion Requests: [[Alchemical Ascension/Story#Beidou|Beidou]]</ref>

Eula and her company once tracked down a dangerous hidden cargo belonging to the [[Abyss Order]] to Dornman Port, where it was about to be shipped to [[Liyue Harbor]]. [[Yanfei]] was, at that time, working as a consultant for the merchant vessel; unaware of the cargo's true nature, she started investigating it after discovering something in it, putting herself in great danger.<ref name="EulaAboutYanfei1">{{Ref/VO|Eula|About Yanfei: Encounter}}</ref> She was saved from this perilous situation by Eula, and the two then cooperated to investigate and capture all the Abyss Order operatives hiding in the vicinity of the port.<ref name="EulaStory3">{{Ref/CS|Eula|3}}</ref>

[[Mona]]'s parents moved to Dornman Port from elsewhere. She was born there and found [[Barbeloth]], after which she settled down in Mondstadt City.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|}}</ref>

[[Jones]], originally a menial worker at Dornman Port, was recruited by the [[Kanjou Commission]] to be a sailor, only to arrive in [[Ritou]] and discover that he couldn't leave due to the [[Sakoku Decree]]. Following the events of ''[[Transient Dreams]]'' and the repeal of the Sakoku Decree, Jones returns to Mondstadt via the port in Mondstadt City, but has not yet returned to Dornman Port.

A trading route has opened up between Dornman Port and [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]]. A trading company from Dornman Port plans on exporting fruit, although a reply on to their message on the [[Port Ormos Bulletin Board]] voices the replier's doubts about the fruit's quality after such a long journey.<ref>{{Ref/BB|Port Ormos Bulletin Board|Trading Company Advertisement}}</ref>

In the time before the Knights were about to open a showcase for their alchemical research, the Reconnaissance Company had intercepted a string of attempts to smuggle goods through Dornman Port, which led to them stepping up their patrols. Eula would encounter Captain [[Beidou]] and her crew relaxing at a local tavern after [[The Crux]] had docked there. After clearing up a misunderstanding about a drunken bar fight that Beidou had quashed, Beidou treated Eula to a drink at the tavern and they struck up a friendship. Beidou had to pick up supplies in Mondstadt City and as Eula wanted to submit some paperwork at headquarters, they ended up traveling together and visiting the Traveler at the alchemical showcase. After picking up a potion made with [[Ningguang]] in mind, Beidou headed back for Dornman Port with Eula accompanying her.<ref name="AlchemicalAscension" />

Recently, Grand Master [[Varka]] ordered several knights from his expedition, including [[Frederica Gunnhildr]], to return to Dornman Port and assist in its defense. <ref>Mail, Jean: [[Mail/Mother... (2025-03-14)|Mother...]]</ref> 

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dornman Port
|en_lang = de
|en_tl   = Thornman Port
|zhs     = 荆夫港
|zhs_rm  = Jīngfū-gǎng
|zht     = 荊夫港
|zht_rm  = Jīngfū-gǎng
|zh_tl   = Thorn-man Port
|ja      = ドーンマンポート<ref name="EulaAboutYanfei1" /><ref name="EulaStory3" /><ref name="Jones">{{Ref/NPC|Jones}}</ref> / {{sic|荆|hide=1}}夫港<ref name="HenryMorton" />
|ja_rm   = Doonman Pooto / Keifu-kou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Dorman Port / Thorn-Husband-Port
|ko      = 돈만 항구
|ko_rm   = Donman Hang-gu
|ko_tl   = Dornman Port
|es      = Puerto de Dornman
|es_tl   = Dornman Port
|fr      = Port de Dornman
|fr_tl   = Dornman Port
|ru      = Терновый порт
|ru_tl   = Thorn Port
|th      = ท่าเรือ Dornman
|th_rm   = Tha-ruea Dornman
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cảng Dornman
|vi_tl   = Dornman Port
|de      = Dornmannshaven
|de_tl   = Thornman Port
|id      = Pelabuhan Dornman
|pt      = Porto de Dornman<ref name="HenryMorton" /><ref name="EulaAboutYanfei1" /> / Dirman Port<ref name="Jones" />
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Dornman Limanı
|tr_tl   = Dornman Port
|it      = Porto di Dornman
|it_tl   = Dornman Port
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Mondstadt}}

[[fr:Port de Dornman]]
[[ja:ドーンマンポート]]
[[pl:Port Dornman]]