{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01013
|image         = Screenshot Downtown.jpg
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = II
|act           = Farewell, Archaic Lord
|part          = 5
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = The Realm Within
|next          = Guizhong (Archon Quest)
|exp           = 575
|mora          = 19,800
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|7}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|characters    = Granny Shan;Paimon;Tartaglia;Tac;Tic;Toe;Traveler;Zhongli
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|2|part=5}}
==Summary==
Now that the [[Noctilucous Jade]] and perfume have been prepared for the [[Rite of Parting]], [[Zhongli]] informs you that the next step is to get some kites. He meets you at [[Granny Shan]]'s toy shop, where you chat about the workmanship of the kites. [[Childe]] shows up and gives you [[A Huge Bag of Mora]] containing 50,000 [[mora]] and pays for the kites. Zhongli then informs you that you need to find workers to help with the ceremony.

It is beneficial to negotiate with each dock worker as you will be able to keep any leftover Mora at the end. Negotiating is also necessary as you cannot pay all the workers for their full asking price. If you don't have enough mora for one of the workers, you will have to fetch an item for them.

Dock workers with their asking prices:
* [[Tic]] is willing to fetch 50 tree branches and 20 stacks of timber for 20,000 Mora.
* [[Tac]] is willing to work for you at the rate of 25,000 Mora.
* [[Toe]] is willing to gather [[Crystal Core|Crystalflies]] for 15,000 Mora.

After this, you meet Childe and he informs you that you can keep any leftover mora. Childe offers to let you raid the [[Northland Bank]] vault in exchange for information, but you decide not to trust him in light of the [[Fatui]] attack in [[Mondstadt]].
{{clr}}
==Steps==
# Talk with [[Granny Shan]]
# Find the three workers (0/3)
#* Talk to Tic, Tac, and Toe, then barter with them.
# Talk to Childe

==Gameplay Notes==
* You get to barter with the workers, which is your best option as you can keep anything that's in the bag after you're done and exchange it for [[Mora]] with [[Ekaterina]] at the [[Northland Bank]].
* The lowest amount you can go for is '''not''' fixed. Values shown below might not reflect on your playthrough.
* Roughly the amounts you can negotiate for, based on player testing ('''Note: Lowest amount stated may fail''', best amount is a 5,000 Mora discount from the asked price):
** '''Tic:''' 10,000 Mora - 15,000 Mora
** '''Tac:''' 14,000 - 20,000 Mora
** '''Toe:''' 8,000 Mora - 15,000 Mora
* If you don't have enough money, you will have to obtain the following items:
** '''Tic:''' [[Qingxin]] ×1
** '''Tac:''' [[Lotus Head]] ×1
** '''Toe:''' [[Iron Chunk]] ×1

==Achievements==
* Completing this quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Ticked, Tacked, and Towed]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Who would have guessed - [[Madame Ping]] is an adeptus! After leaving her household, which turned out to be a realm within a teapot, you proceed to [[Chihu Rock]] to continue preparations.}}
===Getting Kites===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Granny Shan)
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 grannyshan 01.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' Ah, sir, you're here. The seven kites you asked for have been made to order. Would you like to take them now?
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Yes. Thank you.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 grannyshan 02.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' It's rare to see customers who want to buy this type of kite nowadays. In the early days, we used to get orders from people of all walks of life...
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, this is Mr. Zhongli from the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]], so he's probably well-versed in all these walks of life.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've talked about a whole bunch of things while traveling with him...
:{{DIcon}} Fashion, economics, jewelry and jade pottery...
:{{DIcon}} Tea, perfumes, flora and fauna...
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He seems to know Liyue's favorite topics, money and government, really well, but he likes talking about less useful topics instead.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Well, that's because I prefer to share fun things with you.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 grannyshan 03.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' Children's toys are very fun things, that's for sure. I enjoy watching the children at play as much as anyone else. But there is more to it than that.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 grannyshan 04.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' Finely crafted toys are well-loved by children. But this craft itself has been honed over thousands of years, and there is meaning behind that.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 grannyshan 05.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' I have made kites in Liyue for forty years, and I am intimately familiar with the forms passed down from my ancestors. The meaning of these seven kites is far from banal.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Indeed. These are decorations used in the [[Rite of Parting]]. The seven kites represent [[Archons|The Seven]].
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 grannyshan 06.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' I took the liberty of coloring outside the lines when doing the insignia of the [[Barbatos|Anemo Archon]].
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 grannyshan 07.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' As for the kite that honors the [[Rex Lapis|Geo Archon]], one must follow the contract given right down to the last letter. These patterns are ancient, and you can also find them in the [[Golden House]].
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon's heard that name before&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Shh!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, stop talking...
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The design of this kite displays a firm grasp on the cyclicality and eternity so dear to the Electro Archon.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' These markings of tree and leaf pay due honor to wisdom and the passage of time. All this, on a single kite &mdash; truly astonishing.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Justice flows across the surface of the waters, war rages like a flame, as does that which the [[Tsaritsa|Cryo Archon]] once... yes, these details are masterfully done.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 grannyshan 08.ogg}} '''Granny Shan:''' Hehehe, the compliments of a learned man truly are pleasant.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Well then, Granny Shan, I shall take these back with me. As for the payment...
:{{DIcon}} Uh-oh!
:{{DIcon}} "As for the payment," he says!
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Well, allow me.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, it's Childe!
:{{DIcon}} Did you arrange to meet here?
::{{A|vo lyaq105 1 tartaglia 02a.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha. No, I was merely passing through.
:{{DIcon}} You ambushed us!
::{{A|vo lyaq105 1 tartaglia 02b.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha, no way. I was just passing through!
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I see Mr. Zhongli's the same as ever. When paying&mdash; Well, when getting others to pay for him, he neither looks at the price tag nor his wallet.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' He knows a great deal about money, and about the trials of the common man. He just doesn't consider poverty to be something that could ever happen to him.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Or perhaps you could say that he cannot imagine himself lacking money.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How has he not died of hunger yet?
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' ...Childe, you are as fond of jokes as ever. Well then, since we've purchased our kites without incident, there's no need to take a break before moving to the next step in our preparations.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The Rite of Parting requires helping hands as well as materials. We should be able to find some people near the harbor.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh, by the way, Traveler, take this bag of money. You probably won't want to let Zhongli do the bargaining, if you know what I mean.
----
;(As the Traveler, Paimon, and Zhongli walk away)
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hmm... It seems I missed out on some interesting information.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 1 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...I suppose I'll just have to find a more opportune moment next time.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Hiring Help===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Tic)
:{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 01.ogg}} '''Tic:''' Oh? Help? Sure! I, Tic, always put in one hundred percent effort into everything I do! Of course, there'll be a premium if you want me to give a hundred and ten percent.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 02.ogg}} '''Tic:''' So what's the job?
:{{A|vo lyaq105 3 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Let me see... we are still missing some wooden implements over at Yujing Terrace. They aren't uncommon objects, so I didn't make any special preparations for them.
:{{DIcon}} Fetch me 50 tree branches, and 20 stacks of timber!
:{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 03.ogg}} '''Tic:''' No problem. That'll be {{Color|buzzword|twenty thousand Mora}} for a single trip. How does that sound?
:{{A|vo lyaq105 3 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Done.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, let's talk prices.
:;(Opens the bartering menu)
:;(If the price is right)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 11c.ogg}} '''Tic:''' Let me think... Deal. This price is reasonable. I'll hop right to it.
:;(If the price is too low)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 11b.ogg}} '''Tic:''' Huh? No, no... How about a bit more. This amount isn't worth going out of the way to make only one trip.
:;(If the price is far too low)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 11a.ogg}} '''Tic:''' Oh, come on, that's too little.
:;(If bartering is unsuccessful)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 11e.ogg}} '''Tic:''' You're mad! And to think I was so willing to bargain, too! Twenty thousand Mora, and not one Mora less! If not, the deal's off!
::{{A|vo lyaq105 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, don't get mad... Ah, guess we have no choice but to pay in full, (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} We have a deal.
::{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 11d.ogg}} '''Tic:''' Oh? You're a straight shooter, huh? We have a deal.
: {{DIcon}} Ugh, we brought too little money...
::{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 04.ogg}} '''Tic:''' This is all you've got? Then no can do.
::{{DIcon}} Please go look for someone named Childe...
::{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 05.ogg}} '''Tic:''' Childe? No, no, no. He's putting up the money? Still, no. Wouldn't that mean that I have to make two trips rather than one?
::{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 06.ogg}} '''Tic:''' How about this. Let's make a trade. I'll take what you're offering right now, and...
::{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 07.ogg}} '''Tic:''' Get me a single {{Color|buzzword|Qingxin flower}}, and I'll consider that payment for a detour to find this Childe fellow. How does that sound?
::{{A|vo lyaq105 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess we've got no choice.
:;(Return to Tic)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 08.ogg}} '''Tic:''' Have you brought the goods?
::{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 09.ogg}} '''Tic:''' Hey, that's pretty good. These things are pretty rare, and I have no idea where I'd find them.
::{{A|vo lyaq105 3 tic 10.ogg}} '''Tic:''' With this Qingxin flower, I should be able to pacify my daughter tonight. I'll make sure the work is done before I return home.
----
;(Talk to Tac)
:{{A|vo lyaq105 4 tac 01.ogg}} '''Tac:''' A full day of odd jobs at Yujing Terrace? Hmm... No problem. {{Color|buzzword|Twenty-five thousand}} per day. A fair trade, yes?
:{{A|vo lyaq105 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, that's expensive. Um, could you give us a bit of a discount on account of the whole Hero of Mondstadt thing?
:{{A|vo lyaq105 4 tac 02.ogg}} '''Tac:''' Hero of Mondstadt? Never heard of them.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 4 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Well, you may never have heard of this hero, but it seems you've heard of Mora nevertheless, thus I will simply pay the whole sum.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, let's talk prices.
:;(Opens the bartering menu)
:;(If the price is right)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 4 tac 10c.ogg}} '''Tac:''' This price'll do. No loss to me for a day's work.
:;(If the price is too low)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 4 tac 10b.ogg}} '''Tac:''' This... is too little. I'd consider it if it was a bit higher.
:;(If the price is far too low)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 4 tac 10a.ogg}} '''Tac:''' That's too little. Hardly a fair price.
:;(If bartering is unsuccessful)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 4 tac 10e.ogg}} '''Tac:''' That's enough! I'm done! Twenty-five thousand, and not a Mora less! Take it or leave it!
::{{A|vo lyaq105 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, don't get mad... Ah, guess we have no choice but to pay in full, (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} We'll pay in full.
::{{A|vo lyaq105 4 tac 10d.ogg}} '''Tac:''' Hey, that's a good price. Anyone would work for this much Mora.
:{{DIcon}} Ugh, we brought too little money...
::{{A|vo lyaq105 4 tac 03.ogg}} '''Tac:''' This is all you've got? Then no can do.
::{{DIcon}} Please go look for someone named Childe...
::{{A|vo lyaq105 4 tac 04.ogg}} '''Tac:''' Childe? No, no, no. He's putting up the money? Still, no. Wouldn't that mean that I have to make two trips rather than one?
::{{A|vo lyaq105 4 tac 05.ogg}} '''Tac:''' How about this. Let's make a trade. I'll take what you're offering right now, and...
::{{A|vo lyaq105 4 tac 06.ogg}} '''Tac:''' Find me a high-quality {{Color|buzzword|Lotus Head}}. I'll consider that my detour fee paid, and go find what's-his-face Childe. How about it?
::{{A|vo lyaq105 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess we've got no choice.
:;(Return to Tac)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 4 tac 07.ogg}} '''Tac:''' Have you brought the goods?
::{{A|vo lyaq105 4 tac 08.ogg}} '''Tac:''' Oh, that looks good. I'm hitting the kitchen tonight, and it's not often that I get to use such fresh and high-end ingredients...
::{{A|vo lyaq105 4 tac 09.ogg}} '''Tac:''' Well, I'll head to Yujing Terrace in a moment. I won't be late!

;(Talk to Tac again at Yujing Terrace)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq106 tac 01.ogg}} '''Tac:''' Oh, boss, it's you. I actually met that [[Childe]] guy while I was working. He's a pretty good sort.
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq106 tac 02.ogg}} '''Tac:''' He gave me enough pay to stick around for several more days, all the way until we're done with that ritual of yours.
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq106 tac 03.ogg}} '''Tac:''' Honestly, he's way easier with his money than you are.
----
;(Talk to Toe)
:{{A|vo lyaq105 5 toe 01.ogg}} '''Toe:''' Hiring help? Sure, but let me just say first that I'm a reserve member of the [[Adventurers' Guild]]. I take adventuring commissions, but I don't do anything clerical.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 5 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Adventure... venturing into the mountains to capture a few crystalflies seems adventurous enough.
:{{DIcon}} Brave adventurer, we have need of 5 crystalflies.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 5 toe 02.ogg}} '''Toe:''' Eh? That's not hard, almost a bit too easy for a reserve adventurer... Eh, never mind. I'll only charge you {{Color|buzzword|fifteen thousand Mora}}. What say you?
:{{A|vo lyaq105 5 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' A most fair price.
:{{DIcon}} No, let's negotiate...
:;(Opens the bartering menu)
:;(If the price is right)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 5 toe 10c.ogg}} '''Toe:''' Five Geo Crystalflies... Yes, I do think it's worth about this much. I'll do it.
:;(If the price is too low)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 5 toe 10b.ogg}} '''Toe:''' Let's see... No. Go higher, or I'm not doing this.
:;(If the price is far too low)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 5 toe 10a.ogg}} '''Toe:''' That won't do, I'm afraid. It's too little! Too little, I say!
:;(If bartering is unsuccessful)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 5 toe 10e.ogg}} '''Toe:''' Fifteen thousand Mora, not one less! That's the lowest I'm going, end of story!
::{{A|vo lyaq105 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, don't get mad... Ah, guess we have no choice but to pay in full, (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} Yes, a fair price.
::{{A|vo lyaq105 5 toe 10d.ogg}} '''Toe:''' A pleasure doing business with you.
:{{DIcon}} Ugh, we brought too little money...
::{{A|vo lyaq105 5 toe 03.ogg}} '''Toe:''' This is all you've got? Then no can do.
::{{DIcon}} Please go look for someone named Childe...
::{{A|vo lyaq105 5 toe 04.ogg}} '''Toe:''' Childe? No, no, no. He's putting up the money? Still, no. Wouldn't that mean that I have to make two trips rather than one?
::{{A|vo lyaq105 5 toe 05.ogg}} '''Toe:''' How about this. Let's make a trade. I'll take what you're offering right now, and...
::{{A|vo lyaq105 5 toe 06.ogg}} '''Toe:''' Get me a piece of {{Color|buzzword|iron ore}}. I'll take that as payment to go see that Childe person. What do you think?
::{{A|vo lyaq105 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess we've got no choice...
:;(Return to Toe)
::{{A|vo lyaq105 5 toe 07.ogg}} '''Toe:''' Have you brought the goods?
::{{A|vo lyaq105 5 toe 08.ogg}} '''Toe:''' Mm, this is good ore. As an adventurer, one must have a trusty weapon by one's side...
::{{A|vo lyaq105 5 toe 09.ogg}} '''Toe:''' This'll work. Once I've finished, I will go and claim my payment.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Talk to Childe===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' All finished then? Splendid. Any leftover cash is yours to keep &mdash; a favor for the Fatui should never go unrewarded.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You think you can buy us off with some loose change? No way! Paimon demands to know when the next payment is coming!
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha. Well, how does this sound: You give me the information I need, and maybe I'll leave the [[Northland Bank]]'s vaults open and unattended for half an hour...
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What info do you need!?
:{{DIcon}} No!
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? (Traveler), does that mean you know what he's after?
:{{DIcon}} What else could the Fatui want?
:{{DIcon}} Are you forgetting what happened in Mondstadt?
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes! You're right, [[Signora]]...
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You both need to calm down... I don't know what's gotten into you, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Just what is this about? The atmosphere got so tense all of a sudden.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ehh...
:;(Zhongli turns up just in time to break the awkward atmosphere...)
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Next, we need some Everlasting Incense. For this, we need to go to [[Bubu Pharmacy]], the finest pharmacy in all of&mdash;
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Is... everything okay?
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Everything is fine. I was just informing them that they need not return the surplus Mora.
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Now if you'll excuse me, I must be going.

;(After the cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo lyaq105 12 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon definitely felt like Childe wasn't happy with us just now...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* After the last cutscene, Paimon's Chinese voice-over differs from the English one, translating to "Just now, I felt like there was something super scary about Childe..."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Downtown
|zhs     = 市井
|zhs_rm  = Shìjǐng
|zht     = 市井
|zht_rm  = Shìjǐng
|zh_tl   = Marketplace
|ja      = 市場
|ja_rm   = Ichiba
|ja_tl   = Marketplace
|ko      = 시가지
|ko_rm   = Sigaji
|ko_tl   = Urban Land
|es      = El mercado
|es_tl   = The Market
|fr      = Une intéressante visite
|fr_tl   = An Interesting Visit
|ru      = Поход по магазинам
|ru_tl   = Trip Through the Stores
|th      = ตัวเมือง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Downtown
|vi      = Khu Chợ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Innenstadt
|de_tl   = Downtown
|id      = Downtown
|pt      = Centro
|pt_tl   = Center
|tr      = Şehir Merkezi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Centro città
|it_tl   = Town Center
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]

[[es:El mercado]]
[[ja:市場]]
[[pt-br:Centro]]
[[vi:Khu Chợ]]