{{Stub|Verify commission requirement}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 24008
|image         = Commission Down Time.png
|type          = Commission
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = 
|npc           = Roialte; Boucicaut
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|A Certain Stamp|showType=0}}{{Verify}}
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Roialte; Traveler; Boucicaut
}}
'''''Down Time''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
There are multiple versions of this daily commission with the same name.
===Blubberbeasts Version===
# Talk to [[Roialte]]
# Chase away the Blubberbeasts {{Enemy List|Blubberbeast*2}}
# Talk to Roialte

===Hydro Slime Version===
# Talk to Roialte
# Defeat all the Hydro Slimes {{Enemy List|Hydro Slime*3}}
# Talk to Roialte

===Bait Version===
# Talk to Roialte
# Talk to [[Boucicaut]]
# Talk to Roialte

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Roialte is happily fishing...}}
===Blubberbeasts Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Roialte)
:'''Roialte:''' If not for those Blubberbeasts, I should have been able to hook the larger fish... *sigh*
:{{DIcon}} And you are...
:{{DIcon}} Mr. Roialte?
:'''Roialte:''' Oh, Traveler! Pleased to see you here, most pleased! Are you here to fish, too?
:'''Roialte:''' Hmm... It seems you're just passing through. It's alright. This fishing point has got fish for two and then some, so if you don't mind, come, sit and fish with me.
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about [[Iaune]]...
:'''Roialte:''' Iaune? He should be in the [[Maison Gestion]] writing that report of his. Don't worry, he'll be fine.
:'''Roialte:''' I wasn't lying before, either. This is indeed a good opportunity for him. Not everyone has the chance to submit written documents to the Chief Justice on their own.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, he's really submitting reports to *the* Chief Justice?
:'''Paimon:''' It was just a matter of one keycap. How did it get this serious...
:'''Roialte:''' Yes, it was indeed only one keycap, but that was not the end of the matter... It is a "financial issue," if one were to use the high-flown term for it.
:{{DIcon}} Is that... very serious?
:'''Paimon:''' But a keycap doesn't even cost that much. Iaune could've just gotten one with his own Mora...
:'''Roialte:''' This problem is very serious. From your perspective, a single keycap costs very little, and would mean little if submitted as expenses or paid for yourself.
:'''Roialte:''' But if you look at it from our perspective, this represents an "exception" to the rules the Maison Gestion operates by.
:'''Roialte:''' Yes, you could say that a single keycap matters very little, but if someone were to try to profit off this "exception," then, we would be in trouble.
:'''Roialte:''' As to "what sort of trouble might occur"... I'll have to tell you later. In any case, there is something I need your help with at the moment.
:{{DIcon}} This sounds like a threat.
:{{DIcon}} Don't cut your story off halfway!
:'''Roialte:''' Well, now, I couldn't possibly tell you such a long story willy-nilly. I'm on break right now!
:'''Roialte:''' Hehe, alright, I was joking. I just needed a moment to organize my thoughts and find a simple example to illustrate my point.
:'''Roialte:''' Please help me chase those Blubberbeasts away for now. Thank you!
:'''Roialte:''' They are as interminably persistent as journalists. They've been crowding about this school of fish and simply refused to leave.
:'''Roialte:''' I'd love to chase them away, but I lack the skills, so I'll have to trouble you to help me out.
:{{DIcon}} Alright then...
:{{DIcon}} And you go think your story over!
:'''Paimon:''' If the story isn't good, we're gonna call those Blubberbeasts right back!
:'''Roialte:''' Hahaha, alright, alright. I'm sure they would be happy to be given such marching orders...

;(Before defeating the Blubberbeasts)
:'''Paimon:''' Come on, can't you see we're listening to a story here? Shoo!

;(Talk to Roialte again, optional)
:'''Roialte:''' Hmm, what should I say next...

;(After defeating the Blubberbeasts)
:'''Paimon:''' This'll do. Let's go back to Roialte and see what sort of story he'll spin.

;(Talk to Roialte)
:'''Roialte:''' Wonderful! Those silly Blubberbeasts have been chased off &mdash; and with that, my peace of mind is restored! Thank you so much, Traveler.
:{{DIcon}} Now then, the story.
:{{DIcon}} The story, please.
:'''Roialte:''' Alright, alright. Now, where was I previously... Give me a moment to recall the story...
:'''Paimon:''' You were talking about "exceptions."
:'''Roialte:''' Ah, yes, that was it. I was talking about making a profit off exceptional circumstances...
:'''Roialte:''' For example, someone might be able to scrub the various resources they have on hand, and then report them as expenses... or try to expand the scope of this particular "exception"... These are all things that can happen.
:{{DIcon}} And have such things happened?
:'''Roialte:''' Before Iaune was with us, we had another clever fellow. He was very able, very clever, sharp, and full of energy.
:'''Roialte:''' ...Unfortunately, he was not honest.
:'''Roialte:''' Eventually, he was booted from the office, and I haven't seen him since... nor do I wish to, really.
:'''Paimon:''' Did he do something terrible, then?
:'''Roialte:''' He certainly did not think that about his doings &mdash; and that is precisely the kind of mindset that gives birth to criminality.
:'''Roialte:''' That's why I have high expectations for Iaune. He's not the sharpest tool in the shed, but he's honest and diligent.
:'''Paimon:''' That doesn't sound like praise..
:'''Roialte:''' But honesty is the greatest virtue. A dishonest but intelligent person may achieve great fame in a short period of time...
:'''Roialte:''' But it is often those stupid yet honest people who will accomplish truly great things.
:'''Roialte:''' Alright, I'm going to continue fishing now. Please, take this as your payment. Hahaha, don't look so surprised. Did you really think I was just going to pay you with a story?
:'''Roialte:''' All those who labor must be compensated &mdash; that's always been my motto.
:'''Roialte:''' Thank you once again. I'm sure I'll score a great catch this time.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Hydro Slime Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Roialte)
:'''Roialte:''' The weather's good, the fishing spot's great, no Blubberbeasts, and no journalists... Ah, this is the life!
:{{DIcon}} In a good mood today, I see.
:'''Roialte:''' In various ways, yes, and now that you're here, I've never been better, haha!
:'''Paimon:''' Did something good happen? Or something interesting, maybe?
:'''Roialte:''' No, no, in fact, everything's as peaceful as placid waters!
:'''Roialte:''' No journalists, no announcements, no leaks, and no lost forms or documents.
:'''Roialte:''' Everything is operating as it should without any mistakes...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait... Don't move! Whatever you do, don't move!
:'''Roialte:''' What? Why so sudden...?
:{{DIcon}} Just freeze...
:'''Roialte:''' What happened? Did those Blubberbeasts come back? Haha, I looked all around, you know. They...
:'''Roialte:''' Agh! Slimes!? Where did they all pop out from? Help! Help!
:'''Paimon:''' C'mon, that's why we told you not to move about!
:{{DIcon}} Get down!
:'''Roialte:''' Help me, please!

;(Talk to Roialte again, optional)
:'''Roialte:''' Agh! Slimes!? Where did they all pop out from?

;(Talk to Roialte after defeating the slimes)
:'''Roialte:''' I take back what I said before. It seems that not everything is going to plan today...
:{{DIcon}} Those Slimes were just going about their day.
:'''Roialte:''' Funny, aren't you? I envy your good humor... Following your logic, I suppose that today was, in fact, the Slimes' lucky day, and I was just a bit actor in their play?
:'''Roialte:''' It seems that everyone's definition of a "good day" need not be the same, nor must they be in conflict with one another.
:'''Roialte:''' Ugh... I think I injured my waist during the kerfuffle earlier. I need to get it checked in the city soon... Ow, ow...
:'''Roialte:''' Here's your payment, Traveler. I... Ow, ow... Ugh, that really hurts.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Bait Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Roialte)
:'''Roialte:''' This bait's running out so quickly. What's going on...
:{{DIcon}} You've come a long way for some fish.
:'''Roialte:''' Ah, so we meet here, I see. What a coincidence!
:'''Roialte:''' Anyway, that's just how fishing is, we've gotta follow the fish. Carrying your gear and tramping about with your fishing buddies is quite the unique pleasure as well, you know?
:'''Paimon:''' But you've gone such a long distance... What if your fishing gear breaks?
:'''Roialte:''' You're right, and that's something I'm concerned about at the moment.
:{{DIcon}} So your gear did break!
:'''Roialte:''' Oh, it happens. I've already fixed it, anyway. The only problem is that I've been unable to find suitable bait.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, couldn't you just dig up a few worms and use them?
:'''Roialte:''' No, that wouldn't do. Those fish are a picky lot. They're not going to go for worms previously held in human hands.
:'''Roialte:''' But we can't make any other sort of bait here...
:'''Roialte:''' Traveler, could I trouble you to go into the city and get me some bait?
:{{DIcon}} That came rather naturally to you, eh?
:{{DIcon}} My arrival truly is a fortunate coincidence
:'''Roialte:''' Hahaha, don't worry, I'll pay you, as is the rule for adventurers.
:'''Roialte:''' I paid [[Boucicaut]] a bit of a sum beforehand. Just grab a box of bait from him on my behalf, and that'll do.

;(Talk to Roialte again, optional)
:'''Roialte:''' I need to strengthen this rod further...

;(Talk to Boucicaut)
:'''Boucicaut:''' Hello. What may I do for you?
:{{DIcon}} Roialte would like some bait...
:'''Boucicaut:''' Seriously? Fishing in the wilderness again, is he? Archons, and I keep telling him that it isn't safe...
:'''Boucicaut:''' If anything were to happen, no one would even be there to hear him scream. But he just won't listen to me...
:'''Boucicaut:''' He'll probably only listen after something happens, I fear.
:'''Boucicaut:''' Anyway, here's the bait. Take it to Roialte &mdash; and remind him to stay safe while you're at it.
:'''Boucicaut:''' Seriously, would it really hurt him to call a few people to join him for a fishing session?
:;(Obtain {{Item|Bait (Down Time)|text = Bait}})

;(Talk to Roialte again)
:'''Roialte:''' Have you brought the bait back? Wonderful! Time to continue fishing, I say.
:{{DIcon}} Boucicaut wants to relay this message...
:{{Black Screen|You pass Boucicaut's words onto Roialte...}}
:'''Roialte:''' Hahaha, is he worried about me? It's fine, I know what I'm doing.
:'''Roialte:''' As for inviting my old fishing buddies... Some of them have settled down with family, while others are busy with work. Either way, we haven't been in touch for a long time.
:'''Roialte:''' And I'm not the type to go fishing with strangers, so rather than do that, I'd prefer to go it alone.
:'''Roialte:''' Hmm, now that you mention it... I could call Iaune to come fishing with me. He could use the break, in any case.
:'''Roialte:''' Anyway, Traveler, here's your payment. Thanks for your help.
:'''Roialte:''' Yes, this sounds good. I'll go fish for Iaune's opinion tomorrow at work.
:'''Roialte:''' If he's willing to come, we'll be able to bring more gear, go further, and find some better fishing spots...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Down Time
|zhs     = 放松时间
|zhs_rm  = Fàngsōng Shíjiān
|zht     = 放鬆時間
|zht_rm  = Fàngsōng Shíjiān
|zh_tl   = Relaxing Time
|ja      = 休憩時間
|ja_rm   = Kyuukei Jikan
|ja_tl   = Rest Time
|ko      = 휴식 시간
|ko_tl   = Rest Time
|es      = Tiempo libre
|es_tl   = Free Time
|fr      = Moment de repos
|fr_tl   = Moment of Rest
|ru      = Время для отдыха
|ru_tl   = Free Time
|th      = ช่วงเวลาผ่อนคลาย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thời Gian Nghỉ Ngơi
|vi_tl   = Rest Time
|de      = Zeit zum Entspannen
|de_tl   = Time to Relax
|id      = Waktu Santai
|id_tl   = Relaxing Time
|pt      = Hora de Relaxar
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Rahatlama Zamanı
|tr_tl   = Relaxation Time
|it      = Dolce far niente
|it_tl   = Sweet Doing Nothing
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Fontaine}}