{{About|the location|the [[Trounce Domain]]|Beneath the Dragon-Queller}}
{{Location Infobox
|image        = Dragon-Queller.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Minlin
|subarea      = Nantianmen
}}
{{Description|A strange tree whose branches flow with clear, cold moonlight. Perhaps its roots, that reach deep into the heart of the earth, are connected to something that awaits an opportunity to once again emerge and bask in the moon's light.|Viewpoint: [[Viewpoints/Moonlit Tree|Moonlit Tree]]}}
The {{lang|'''Dragon-Queller'''|zh=伏龙树|zh_rm=Fúlóng-shù|zh_tl=Hidden Dragon Tree}}<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/wgNiGj1nGYE Version 1.5 Special Program] (Timestamp: 23m 38s)</ref> is the big tree with blue veins located around [[Mt. Hulao]]. Through it, players will be able to access the [[Trounce Domain]] [[Beneath the Dragon-Queller]] to challenge [[Azhdaha]].

The Dragon-Queller is a large tree used to seal [[Azhdaha]], whom [[Jiu]] worships. The dragon has begun merging with the tree, using its roots to connect to the ley lines and draw power from them. The tree is now Azhdaha's tail.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/fwOlW3ndDa8?t=524 The Birth of a Dragon: A Behind the Scenes Look At the Creation of Azhdaha] (Timestamp: 08m 44s to 08m 47s)</ref>

At the tip of the tree is a large blue branch, which points directly towards [[Liyue Harbor]]. That portion of the tree also cannot be climbed on.

Around the base of the tree grows bright, glowing yellow flowers. These flowers are also found in the abode of the [[Primo Geovishap]].

==Interactables==
===Stone Monolith===
In front of the tree lies a stone tablet erected by [[Mountain Shaper]] warning passerby not to disturb the tree:
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Stone Monolith:''' "Life endures in Heaven and Earth thanks to the merciful Adeptus. On this site lies an evil dragon, please do not disturb it."
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* The Chinese name includes the term ''Fúlóng'' ("Hidden Dragon" or "Crouching Dragon"), a common mythological theme in China and nearby countries. It often figuratively means "hidden genius," best known as a nickname of the chancellor and strategist {{w|Zhuge Liang}} (181–234).

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dragon-Queller
|zhs     = 伏龙树
|zhs_rm  = Fúlóng-shù
|zht     = 伏龍樹
|zht_rm  = Fúlóng-shù
|zh_tl   = Hidden Dragon Tree
|ja      = 伏龍の木
|ja_rm   = Fukuryuu no Ki{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Hidden Dragon Tree
|ko      = {{tt|복룡목|伏龍木}}
|ko_rm   = Bongnyongmok
|ko_tl   = Hidden Dragon Tree
|es      = Sometedragones
|es_tl   = Dragon Subduer
|fr      = Arbre dompteur de dragon
|fr_tl   = Dragon-Taming Tree
|ru      = Древо подавления<!-- дракона-->
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ต้นปราบมังกร<!--นี่นา-->
|th_rm   = Ton prap mang kon<!-- ni na-->
|th_tl   = Dragon Subduing Tree
|vi      = Cây {{tt|Phục Long|伏龍}}
|vi_tl   = Hidden Dragon Tree
|de      = Drachenbezwinger
|de_tl   = Dragon Subjugator
|id      = Dragon-Queller
|pt      = Árvore do Dragão Oculto
|pt_tl   = Tree of the Hidden Dragon
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Liyue}}