{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Archon Quest C0A1 Dragon Storm.png
|id            = 00358
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Outlander Who Caught the Wind
|part          = 7
|summary       = Stormterror comes and causes chaos in the City of Mondstadt before the Traveler fends him off. Then, the trio meet Kaeya before heading to the Knights of Favonius headquarters.
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|prev          = City of Freedom
|next          = Knights of Favonius (Quest)
|exp           = 275
|mora          = 2,400
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Character EXP|1,250}}{{Card|Enhancement Ore|2}}
|characters    = Amber;Kaeya;Paimon;Traveler;Venti;Dvalin;Guy;Lawrence;Otto;Swan;Wagner;Luke;Cyrus
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|1|part=7}}

==Steps==
# Fend off [[Stormterror]]
#* The player will be taken to an aerial battle where Stormterror needs to be shot down until his health falls to about 15-20%, and then the battle ends as he flees.
# Go to the [[Knights of Favonius]] Headquarters

==Gameplay Notes==
* The player unlocks the [[Dressing Room]] after completing the first step of this quest.
* Completing the first step of this quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[...Or a New Storm?]]''

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The usually-peaceful [[Mondstadt]] was suddenly assailed by a dragon. This is the Stormterror that [[Amber]] spoke of, and was the gigantic creature that you encountered in the forest earlier.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After the gliding tutorial, the sky turns dark)
:{{A|vo mdaq020 1 cs ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' The sky...
:;(The dragon from before summons tornadoes and the Traveler starts gliding)
:{{A|vo mdaq020 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How are you staying afloat like this with just a Wind Glider?
:{{A|vo mdaq020 2 venti 01.ogg}} '''[[Venti|Mysterious Voice]]:''' I'm preventing your fall with the power of a thousand winds.
:{{A|vo mdaq020 2 venti 02.ogg}} '''Mysterious Voice:''' Now, concentrate. See yourself grasping the wind. Harness its energy.
:{{A|vo mdaq020 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who... who said that!?
----
;(After damaging the dragon and landing back on Mondstadt)
:{{A|vo mdaq021 3 cs ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' A&mdash;Are you hurt?
:{{A|vo mdaq021 3 cs kaeya 01.ogg}} '''???:''' You've actually got the power to go up against the dragon...
:{{A|vo mdaq021 3 cs kaeya 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Are you a new ally... or a new storm?
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Stormterror... is attacking Mondstadt itself!
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Kaeya, (Traveler), you've come at the right time. We must...
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hold on, Amber. Are you perhaps forgetting to introduce us?
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Oh... right. This is Kaeya, our Cavalry Captain.
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' These two are travelers from afar, (Traveler) and Paimon.
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' (From afar? Is that all we know of them?)
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Long story short...
;(A cutscene begins)
{{Cutscene Description|Amber tells Kaeya the whole story...}}
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I see. Welcome to Mondstadt &mdash; though you haven't arrived at the best of times, I'm afraid.
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I understand the anguish of being separated from family.
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm not really sure why you're looking for the Anemo God...
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' But everyone has their secrets, right?
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha, relax! I won't press you for more.
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' First and foremost, on behalf of the Knights of Favonius, I would like to extend our thanks to you for your help just now.
:{{DIcon}} Well, we couldn't just leave the situation to fester.
:{{DIcon}} You're welcome! So... Ah... Where's the reward?
::{{A|vo mdaq023 4 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ahh... How about a traditional Mondstadt delicacy, Sticky Honey Roast?
::{{DIcon}} I just heard about that one!
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Your fight to defend the city against the dragon just now was witnessed by no small number of citizens.
:{{A|vo mdaq023 4 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The Acting Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius is also very interested in meeting you, and formally invites you both to {{Color|buzzword|our headquarters}}.

;(When the player reaches the headquarters)
:{{A|vo mdaq023 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This seems to be the {{Color|buzzword|Knights of Favonius Headquarters}}. Let's head in.

;(Talk to Paimon)
:'''Paimon:''' This is the {{Color|buzzword|Knights of Favonius Headquarters}}. Let's take a look inside.

===During the Storm===
;(If the player talks to [[Guy]], [[Lawrence]], [[Otto]], or [[Swan]])
:'''(Name):''' That dragon could return at any time. The Knights of Favonius will keep watch; everyone else is urged to find shelter immediately.
:;or
:'''(Name):''' This is an emergency. Please be assured that the Knight of Favonius' first priority is to guarantee the safety of everyone in the city.
:;or
:'''(Name):''' We are currently experiencing abnormal weather patterns. It is dangerous outside. Citizens are advised to seek shelter.

;(If the player talks to [[Wagner]])<section begin=Wagner />
:'''Wagner:''' What? Speak up, I can't hear you.
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you going to find shelter?
:'''Wagner:''' Shelter? It'd take a much bigger storm than this to keep me away from my blacksmith's...
:'''Wagner:''' The wrought iron here spends all day getting hammered into shape.
:'''Wagner:''' People, on the other hand, don't get that chance as often &mdash; so make the most of it.<section end=Wagner />

;(If the player talks to [[Luke]])<section begin=Luke />
:'''Luke:''' Just like his excellency said...
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you going to find shelter?
:'''Luke:''' Hmph, I'm enjoying the view! This is a golden opportunity for the Fatui to...
:'''Luke:''' ...To ask you to mind your own business!
:'''Luke:''' This wind is nothing compared to back home in Snezhnaya, so stop making a mountain out of a molehill. Go away!<section end=Luke />

;(If the player talks to Cyrus after completing [[A Fine Opportunity?]])<section begin=Cyrus />
:'''Cyrus:''' Isn't that a sight to behold...
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you going to find shelter?
:'''Cyrus:''' Haha, I'm made of sterner stuff than that! Sure it's been a while since I last went on an adventure, but I'm not Master of the Guild for nothing you know!
:'''Cyrus:''' There's not an adventurer alive that would want to miss out on a sight like this!
:'''Cyrus:''' This is exactly how Mondstadt is said to have looked in the early days, according to the legends...<section end=Cyrus />
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* The player will unlock the ability to adjust the time via the Paimon Menu.
* Most of the NPCs in the city (starting from the bridge into the city<!--i.e. Timmie-->) will not be present starting from this quest until the storm ends upon the completion of [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]].
** Some Knights ([[Swan]], [[Lawrence]], [[Otto]], and [[Guy]]) continue to stand guard to warn any citizens of the harsh outdoor conditions. They all share the same set of dialogue when the player interacts with them.
** [[Wagner]], [[Luke]], and [[Cyrus]] stay at their usual locations and have special dialogue about why they do not find shelter.
*** Cyrus' dialogue can only be accessed after completing [[A Fine Opportunity?]].
** NPCs that are still available to talk to with unchanged dialogue include: [[Katheryne]], [[Hertha]], [[Ulfr]], and [[Viktor]].
** Six uninteractable and unnamed NPCs are present in the [[City of Mondstadt#Market District|Market District]], including two that resemble [[Marjorie]] and [[Nimrod]].
** Aside from Cyrus (at nighttime) and Viktor, no NPCs will be present inside [[Angel's Share]], the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters]], or the [[Favonius Cathedral]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dragon Storm
|zhs     = 龙灾
|zhs_rm  = Lóng Zāi
|zht     = 龍災
|zht_rm  = Lóng Zāi
|zh_tl   = Dragon Disaster
|ja      = 龍災
|ja_rm   = Ryuusai{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Dragon Disaster
|ko      = {{tt|용|龍}}의 {{tt|재앙|災殃}}
|ko_rm   = Yong-ui Jae'ang
|ko_tl   = Disaster of the Dragon
|es      = Tormenta de dragón
|es_tl   = Dragon Storm
|fr      = Attaque du dragon
|fr_tl   = Attack of the Dragon
|ru      = Дракон и буря
|ru_tl   = Dragon and Storm
|th      = ภัยพิบัติมังกร
|th_rm   = Phai-phi-bat Mang-kon
|th_tl   = Dragon Disaster
|vi      = {{tt|Tai Họa|災禍}} Rồng
|vi_tl   = Dragon Disaster
|de      = Sturmschrecken über Mondstadt
|de_tl   = Stormterror above Mondstadt
|id      = Ancaman Naga
|id_tl   = Dragon Threat
|pt      = Tormenta de Dragão
|pt_tl   = Dragon's Storm
|tr      = Ejder Fırtınası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Tempesta del drago
|it_tl   = Storm of the Dragon
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[es:Tormenta de dragón]]
[[fr:Attaque du dragon]]
[[id:Ancaman Naga]]
[[ja:龍災]]
[[pl:Smocza burza]]
[[pt-br:Tormenta de Dragão]]
[[vi:Tai Họa Rồng]]