{{Weapon Series Infobox
|quality = 4
|region  = Mondstadt
|passive = Frost Burial
|lore    = [[Dragonspine]]'s history
|other   = Forged using [[Northlander Billet]]s and [[Starsilver]]s
}}
The '''Dragonspine Series''' ''(unofficial name)'', also known as the '''Starsilver Series''', is a 4-star [[Weapon Series]].

All weapons in this series can be [[Forging|forged]]. Forging these weapons notably require {{Item|Northlander Billet Trove|link=Northlander Billet|text=Northlander Billets|30}} and {{Item|Starsilver|text=Starsilvers|30}}, among other materials.

The Passive shared by all weapons of this series is '''Frost Burial''':
{{Description|Hitting an opponent with Normal and Charged Attacks has a '''60–100'''% chance of forming and dropping an Everfrost Icicle above them, dealing '''80–140'''% AoE ATK DMG.<br>Opponents affected by Cryo are dealt '''200–360'''% ATK DMG. Can only occur once every 10s.}}

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Dragonspine Series}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* The icicle dropped by '''Frost Burial''' will deal {{Color|Physical DMG}}, not {{Color|Cryo DMG}}.
* The second damage value (200% at base refinement) replaces the first damage value (80% at base refinement) when the icicle hits an enemy already affected by {{Cryo}}.
* The icicle does not apply the {{Cryo}} status.

==Lore==
Weapons from the mountain now known as Dragonspine.<br>
The passive name references how each each weapon comes from something that was entombed in the cold of the mountain: a civilization of people, a tree, and a dragon.

The princess of [[Sal Vindagnyr]] was born under an undying white tree and received the blessings of the priestess, much to the joy of the people. They were certain the blessing of Sal Vindagnyr would be as eternal as the white tree.<ref name="Frostbearer">{{Ref/Weapon|Frostbearer}}</ref>

But suddenly the [[Skyfrost Nail]] descended upon the mountain, bringing snowstorms upon the land. The princess gave the outlander Imunlaukr a starsilver greatsword as he went to search for answers.<ref name="STStarsilver">{{Ref/Weapon|Snow-Tombed Starsilver}}</ref>

Some time after he had left, the Skyfrost Nail shattered the white tree of Sal Vindagnyr and the princess tried to graft a branch onto another tree, but failed, dying next to the tree.<ref name="Frostbearer"/> By the time Imunlaukr returned, nobody was left alive on the mountain. He reached the conclusion that the gods only care for bloodshed, and after returning the starsilver greatsword he set out for a war-torn land.<ref name="STStarsilver"/>

A long time later, a dragon named [[Durin]] had a dream that he had traveled a long distance to a land of song. In the dream he sang along with the people and danced with another dragon. Durin had no idea that this dream was actually a distorted view of reality, as Durin attacked the land with poison and fire while the other dragon, [[Dvalin]] fought him. He was suddenly awoken from the dream as Dvalin ripped out his throat and he fell upon a mountain covered in blizzards.<ref name="Dragon Spear">{{Ref/Weapon|Dragonspine Spear}}</ref>

As the blood of Durin soaked into the land, the undying white tree reached out its roots and used the blood to revive. Later on, as it was further cultivated with more energy from Durin in the modern day by the [[Traveler]], the tree remembered its past and produced a single fruit as a gift to enact justice on the world.<ref name="Frostbearer"/>

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[es:Series de armas#Serie Espinadragón]]
[[ja:ドラゴンスパインシリーズ]]
[[th:เซ็ต Dragonspine]]
[[vi:Chuỗi Vũ Khí Long Tích]]