{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Species
|type2        = Lore}}
'''Dragons''', also known in their juvenile form as '''[[Vishaps]]''', are enormous and powerful creatures that inhabit both land and sea of [[Teyvat]].

They are creatures of the [[Light Realm]] and were the dominant race of the old world before the arrival of the [[Primordial One]]. It defeated the [[Seven Sovereigns]], the dragon-lords who ruled the old world, and created a new world for humanity.<ref name="BSaM">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2|TBefore Sun and Moon}}</ref>

==Overview==
Dragons are a naturally large species of reptilians with varying appearances. Some are quadrupedal, some are serpentine, and some either have wings or none at all. They typically have physical attributes reminiscent of their associated element; for example, the Earth Dragon [[Azhdaha]] has rough stone skin, whereas [[Dvalin]] has a much more sleek and svelte appearance befitting his Wind element.<ref group="Note">In Azhdaha's design notes and the Chinese version of ''Amidst Chaos, the Rock Is Unmoved'', Azhdaha is called an {{lang|Earth Dragon|zh=地龙}} rather than a Geo Dragon, which would be {{zh|岩龙}}, although he is still affiliated with the Geo element. The English localization similarly opts to translate {{zh|风龙}} as "Wind Dragon" instead of "Anemo Dragon" in ''Breeze Amidst the Forest''.</ref> A dragon's size is proportional to its strength; the immensely powerful Azhdaha, at his full strength, was as large as a mountain range<ref name="Unforged">{{Ref/Weapon|The Unforged|Lore}}</ref> and his size when fought in [[Beneath the Dragon-Queller]] is his form after years of erosion;<ref name="Azhdaha Design">Design Notes: [[Azhdaha/Design|The Birth of a Dragon: A Behind the Scenes Look At the Creation of Azhdaha]]</ref> Dvalin is also stated to have suddenly grown in both size and power when he reemerged as Stormterror.<ref name="AQ0-1-8">{{Ref/Quest|Knights of Favonius (Quest)}}</ref>

Vishaps and elemental dragons are born from the elements.<ref name="BAtF1">{{Ref/Book|Breeze Amidst the Forest|1|Ballad Selection Excerpt}}</ref><ref name="ZL2-4">{{Ref/Quest|Amidst Chaos, the Rock Is Unmoved}}</ref><ref group="Note">Azhdaha claims that he was {{lang|"forged of elemental crystal"|zh=元素结晶创生之物|zh_tl=born from elemental crystallization,}} while his design notes mention that he is of the same species as Geovishaps.</ref> As elemental beings, they have far longer lifespans than mortals and even [[gods]].<ref name="ZL2-4" /> They typically grow more powerful with age, and several dragons are known for having enough strength to rival the likes of [[Archon]]s and other similarly powerful beings; such dragons include Azhdaha,<ref name="ZL2-4" /><ref name="LL">{{Ref/HEO|Hidden in Nameless Treasures}}</ref> [[Dvalin]],<ref name="BAtF1"/> and [[Durin]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Archon's Rival}}</ref> However, other dragons like [[Ursa the Drake]] can be felled by powerful [[Vision]] or [[Delusion]]-bearers.<ref name="Manga1-1">{{Ref/Manga|1|1|pg=12}}</ref>

Dragons are not immune to [[erosion]] and are still subjected to the rules of the [[Heavenly Principles]].<ref name="ZL2-4" /> Vishaps and elemental dragons in particular are also extremely susceptible to the darkness of the [[Abyss|Void Realm]].<ref name="The Eve"/>

===Vishaps===
{{Main|Vishaps|Dragonheir of the Depths}}
{{Lang|Vishaps|zh=龙蜥|zh_lit=Dragon-Lizard}} are reptilian creatures who have existed since primeval times. They are believed to develop into dragons after long periods of time,<ref>{{Ref/Item|Fossilized Bone Shard}}</ref> such as how Azhdaha is from the Geovishap species.<ref name="Azhdaha Design" /> Some vishap species such as the [[Vishaps|Geovishaps]] are able to absorb elemental energy from the ley lines and some vishap species, such as the [[Bathysmal Vishaps]], are even capable of evolution, allowing them to inherit more and better combat-related characteristics than their predecessors. However, this evolution has severe consequences for their race &mdash; namely, the fact that they are no longer elementally "pure" and thus cannot have one of the Seven Sovereigns be born among them.<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Rimebiter Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling}}</ref>

===Elemental Dragons===
{{lang|Elemental dragons|zh=元素之龙}} have not been well-documented, although several examples exist; Dvalin<ref name="BAtF1" /> and the Seven Sovereigns<ref name="The Eve">{{Ref/Quest|Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve}}</ref> are explicitly called elemental dragons, while Azhdaha is an elemental dragon by deduction.<ref name="Azhdaha Design" />

Elemental dragons and [[ley line]]s will affect each other. During the events of the [[Prologue]] Chapter, [[Dvalin]]'s rampage sent [[Mondstadt]]'s elemental flow and ley lines into disarray, which forced the [[Knights of Favonius]] to cut off his connection to the other three of the [[Four Winds]]' temples.<ref name="AQ0-1-8" /><ref group="Note">The term translated as {{lang|"elemental sphere"|zh=元素流动}} in ''Knights of Favonius'' is translated as "elemental flow" in the rest of the game, which is a more accurate translation.</ref> Powerful Geovishaps are capable of drawing energy from ley lines;<ref>Event [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword]] Enemy: [[Revived Primo Geovishap]]</ref> Azhdaha planned on absorbing the energy from the entire world's ley lines and using it to destroy everything after freeing himself from the Dragon-Queller,<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Jiu}}</ref> and at the start of his boss fight's second phase, he draws energy from the ley lines through his limbs.<ref name="Azhdaha Design" /> Conversely, when human mining at [[the Chasm]] damaged the ley lines, it brought Azhdaha physical agony.<ref name="ZL2-4" />

It is unknown whether non-elemental dragons exist, as all natural-born dragons named in the game have an elemental affiliation. Durin was created through alchemy and may not be subject to normal dragon physiology, while [[Ursa the Drake]] only appeared in the [[Manga]] and little detail went into its background or abilities.

==History==
According to legend, dragons were the dominant species of the old world and were led by the [[Seven Sovereigns]]. When the [[Primordial One]], the eternal throne of the heavens, descended, it waged war against the Seven Sovereigns and after forty years of battle, emerged victorious with the help of its four shining shades. It began recreating the world to pave the way for humanity, while those who refused to capitulate, such as the [[Bathysmal Vishaps]], fled into the oceans.<ref name="BSaM" />

Since then, dragons have often come into conflict with denizens of the Human Realm, including humans and [[gods]]. Ancient gods and dragons have "never seen eye-to-eye,"<ref name="BAtF1" /> and on the rare occasion that gods, humans, and dragons have managed to coexist, later circumstances would drive rifts between dragons and those of the Human Realm.<ref name="Unforged" /><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Prologue}}</ref>

===The Archon War===
In [[Liyue]], [[Azhdaha]]'s awakening caused the earth to tremble with every movement he made. [[Morax]] approached him, seeking to stop the earth's shaking, and managed to befriend the dragon for some time,<ref name="Unforged" /> with the dragon even participating in the [[Archon War]] on Morax's behalf. However, later on, a combination of [[erosion]] and human mining at [[the Chasm]] caused Azhdaha to forget his friends and his love for humanity. Azhdaha lashed out and attacked the Chasm, destroying the settlement at [[Tianqiu Valley]] in the process.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Trails in Tianqiu}}</ref> Morax chose his duty to protect humanity and personally went to the mines to subdue him. Even the Geo Archon's power alone was insufficient to overpower the eroding dragon; he needed the help of [[Moon Carver]], [[Mountain Shaper]], and an unnamed adeptus to create a domain that would be able to seal Azhdaha away, and even then, Azhdaha willingly allowed himself to be sealed.<ref name="ZL2-4" /><ref name="LL" />

In the [[Inazuma]] region, the god [[Orobashi]] fell into [[Enkanomiya]] and eventually became its people's god, subduing the Bathysmal Vishaps which had harassed the humans and further empowering the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]].{{cite}} It personally led research into Bathysmal Vishaps and their evolution. In the process, Orobashi and the researchers eventually came to the conclusion that vishaps naturally rejected Orobashi's power because they came from different realms, although they eventually succeeded in grafting Orobashi's coral onto vishaps.<ref>{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|5|Bathysmal Vishap Experimental Records}}</ref> These coral fragments are necessary for the [[Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri]], a ritual that prevents [[Watatsumi Island]] from being absorbed by the Elemental Realm.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Moon-Bathed Deep}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Still Water's Flow}}</ref>

===After the Archon War===
Sometime after [[Barbatos]] became the Anemo Archon and new sovereign god over [[Mondstadt]], the newborn sky dragon [[Dvalin]] appeared before him, enamored by his music. Barbatos sang songs of Dvalin's beauty and befriended the dragon, later naming him the Dragon of the East of the [[Four Winds]].<ref name="BAtF1" /><ref name="AQ0-2-3">{{Ref/Quest|That Green Fellow}}</ref>

Around 1,000 years ago, [[Ursa the Drake]] lurked around [[Mondstadt]], occasionally threatening the [[City of Mondstadt]]. Ten years before her rebellion, [[Vennessa]] and her tribe, having wandered far from their homeland, were attacked by the dragon and fled to Mondstadt. Although they were taken in, they were promptly enslaved by the corrupt [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]]. When Vennessa stood up to [[Barca Lawrence]] on [[Venti]] &mdash; who unbeknownst to them, was Barbatos' mortal disguise &mdash; the Lawrence scion retaliated by purchasing Vennessa and her entire tribe, and forcing Vennessa to win successive gladiatorial battles for their freedom. The Lawrences, however, had no plans on letting Vennessa win; in exchange for peace, they negotiated with Ursa the Drake to sacrifice Vennessa and her tribe to it. In the middle of the battle, Venti revealed his true identity and drove Ursa away.<ref>Manga, Prologue: [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/manga/detail/71 Songs of the Wind]</ref>

===The Cataclysm===
The [[Khaenri'ah]] alchemist "Gold" [[Rhinedottir]] created one of her masterpieces, the artificial dragon [[Durin]]. 500 years ago, around the time of the [[cataclysm]], she sent Durin to the surface world; however, it ended up unleashing havoc and destruction upon [[Mondstadt]] on its arrival. Hearing the suffering of his people, Barbatos awoke from his slumber and summoned Dvalin to aid him in ending Durin's rampage. The two eventually emerged victorious, slaying Durin over [[Dragonspine]]; however, Dvalin ended up ingesting Durin's poisonous blood and fell into a deep slumber in [[Stormterror's Lair|the ruins of Old Mondstadt]] to recuperate.<ref name="BAtF1" /><ref name="AQ0-2-3" />

===Present Day===
Four years before the events of the game, on [[Diluc]]'s eighteenth birthday, Ursa the Drake was lured into attacking his and his father [[Crepus]]' caravan.<ref group="Note">When Vennessa faced off against Ursa 1,000 years ago, it was much larger than her and only fled after Venti directly ordered it to leave. By comparison, the Ursa faced by Diluc, Crepus, and later Dottore four years ago is much smaller. Whether Ursa weakened and shrank over time, or if the two are entirely different dragons of the same species, is left unknown.</ref> Their entire retinue was slain and Diluc was defeated by the dragon when Crepus intervened, using a [[Delusion]] to repel the dragon. However, the Delusion's power backfired on him; he died shortly afterwards,<ref>Manga, Chapter 7: [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/manga/detail/562 Dusty Chest (Part 2)]</ref> either from the Delusion itself<ref>{{Ref/CS|Diluc|3}}</ref> or by Diluc killing him to spare him the agony.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Kaeya|5}}</ref> Sometime afterwards, the [[Il Dottore]] visited Mondstadt and personally slew Ursa, thus indebting Mondstadt to the [[Fatui]].<ref name="Manga1-1" />

During the events of the [[Prologue]] Chapter, the [[Abyss Order]] sought to weaponize [[Dvalin]] in their plans to destroy the nations of [[Teyvat]] and eventually, [[Celestia]].<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/SO__VQZirJ4 Story Teaser: We Will Be Reunited]</ref> However, their plot was eventually foiled by the combined efforts of Venti, the [[Traveler]], [[Jean]], and [[Diluc]]. Freed from the poisonous blood that put him in physical agony and freed from the Abyss Order's lies, Venti and Dvalin's friendship was rekindled and Dvalin became Mondstadt's ally once more.

Azhdaha, through the artificial vessel [[Jiu]], attempted to break Morax's seal at the Dragon-Queller by having miners chip away at the seal from outside, while Azhdaha overpowered it from within. The plan was eventually thwarted when [[Zhongli]] (Morax's mortal vessel), the Traveler, and [[Kun Jun]] &mdash; who was unknowingly possessed by a fragment of Azhdaha's consciousness that retained his goodwill towards humanity &mdash; investigated the miners' disappearance and stumbled upon the plot. After a hard-fought battle, Azhdaha's body was resealed, while his spirit went dormant again.<ref name="ZL2-4" />

==Known Dragons==
{| class="article-table sortable"
! Name !! Element !! Region !! Status
|-
| [[Azhdaha]] || {{Element|Geo}}<ref group="Note" name="Geovishap">Can also absorb {{Cryo}}, {{Pyro}}, {{Hydro}}, and {{Electro}}</ref> || [[Liyue]] || Sealed
|-
| [[Dragon of Water]] || {{Element|Hydro}} || Unknown || Presumably Deceased<ref group="Note">Given that the Dragon of Water was prophesied to be reborn in human form, it likely died at some point in order to be reborn.</ref>
|-
| [[Durin]]|| {{check|?}} || [[Khaenri'ah]] || Deceased (slain by Dvalin, corpse lies in [[Dragonspine]])
|-
| [[Dvalin]] || {{Element|Anemo}} || [[Mondstadt]] || Alive
|-
| [[Primo Geovishap]] || {{Element|Geo}}<ref group="Note" name="Geovishap"/> || [[Liyue]] || Alive
|-
| [[Ursa the Drake]] || {{check|?}} || [[Mondstadt]] || Deceased (slain by [[Il Dottore]])
|-
|}

==Trivia==
*In the Chinese version of ''[[Rite of Descension]]'', [[Ivanovich]] states that [[Morax]]'s Exuvia is allegedly a cross between two of Liyue's divine creatures: an Eastern dragon and a [[qilin]]. The English version does not specify what two creatures it is based on.
**In Liyue folklore and media, Morax is often depicted as a dragon, using a form nearly identical to his Exuvia's.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|One for the Foodies, Two for the Show|q='''Xiangling:''' The body of a dragon? The stories about Rex Lapis say the same thing.}}</ref>
*Although [[Haishan]] is never explicitly called a dragon, [[Beidou]]'s epithet in the Chinese version is {{lang|Dragon Lord|zh=龙王}}, which is translated in the English localization as the "Uncrowned Lord of the Ocean." The exact origin of this byname is unclear, but it is likely related to her slaying of the leviathan.
*In the Chinese text, powerful, antagonistic dragons have been dubbed {{zh|魔龙|tl=Demon/Evil/Magic Dragon}}; this is usually translated as "evil dragon," reinterpreted, or left out of the English localization entirely. Dragons who have been called by this phrase currently include:
**Azhdaha, in Linlang's [[Hidden in Nameless Treasures]] dialogue (Chinese only, used as part of a sentence rather than a title)
**Durin, in [[Iris (Dragonspine Adventurer Camp)|Iris]]' dialogue
**Dvalin, in his epithet {{lang|Stormterror|zh=风魔龙|zh_tl=Wind Demon Dragon}}
**Ursa the Drake, whose Chinese name is {{zh|魔龙乌萨|tl=Demon Dragon Ursa}}
*The following have been described as "dragon-like," but are never directly or explicitly linked to dragons:
**Baqiu, a behemoth of a sea monster that Morax fought against in ages past.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Primordial Jade Winged-Spear|note=Chinese}}</ref> In Chinese mythology, a {{lang|Qiu|zh=虬}} is a type of horned dragon; {{lang|Baqiu|zh=八虬}} was thus likely an eight-horned dragon-like monster.
**[[Chi]], another sea creature in the Liyue region. Morax defeated one that took over Mt. Qingce,<ref>{{Ref/Book|Diary of Roald the Adventurer|2|Qingce Village}}</ref> while the [[Skipper]] defeated another one and turned its spine into [[Serpent Spine]].<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Serpent Spine}}</ref><ref group="Note">The Chinese name for Serpent Spine is {{zh|螭骨剑|tl=Chi Spine Sword.}}</ref>
**[[Orobashi]] is, on one occasion, described as a "dragon-like serpent god."<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Miyazaki Saburou}}</ref>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[Category:Dragons| ]]

[[ru:Драконы]]