{{Character Infobox
|image            = Enemy Primordial Bathysmal Vishap Icon.png
|region           = Inazuma
|title            = 
|title2           = 
|type             = Mentioned
}}
The '''Dragonheir of the Depths''' is the moniker of the [[Bathysmal Vishaps]] that terrorized the underwater nation of Byakuyakoku, now known as [[Enkanomiya]], where the ancestors of [[Watatsumi Island]] lived in the depths of the sea for thousands of years before [[Orobashi|Watatsumi Omikami]] came and defeated them, sealing them under the depths of the sea.<ref name="Moon-Bathed Deep">{{Ref/Quest|The Moon-Bathed Deep (Quest)}}</ref>

==Story==
===History===
Prior to their name change, the people of Byakuyakoku regarded them as the Dragonheirs of the Depths. It wasn't until after their experiments were observed by [[Orobashi]] that their name was changed to Bathysmal Vishaps.<ref name="TBC4">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|4|Bathysmal Vishap Experimental Records}}</ref>

During olden times, for thousands of years, the Dragonheirs of the Depths terrorized the people of [[Enkanomiya]] (formerly named Byakuyakoku). In order to survive the sharpened claws of the dragons, the people of Enkanomiya learned that the Dragonheirs loved the dark and the light scared them away, thus they<ref name="TBC1">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|1|The Serpent and Drakes of Tokoyokoku}}</ref> used thousands of lanterns to ward them off.<ref name="TBC2">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2|Before Sun and Moon}}</ref> But these efforts were not particularly effective and so the people prayed and lamented until one of the [[Primordial One]]'s Shining Shades, [[Istaroth]], answered their prayers and gave [[Abrax]] enough knowledge to create the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]].<ref name="TBC2" /> The people of Enkanomiya relied on the light of the Dainichi Mikoshi for an untold amount of years until Watatsumi Omikami came several thousand years ago and defeated the Dragonheirs of the Depths, suppressing them under the sea with its jade corals. Soon after, Watatsumi Omikami brought the people of Enkonomiya to the surface and created Watatsumi Island for them to live in.<ref name="Moon-Bathed Deep"/>

===Legacy===
The spirit of Watatsumi Island constantly feels the calls of Enkanomiya, down in the depths. As a result, its soil is slowly bleaching, becoming Holy Soil. If this continues, Watatsumi Island will one day become a desert as pale as the moonlight.

According to tradition, every several centuries, the shrine maidens of Sangonomiya Shrine must take advantage of the moment when the spirit veins flow smoothly in order to break the barrier between Enkanomiya and Sangonomiya, to retrieve a [[Jade Branch of a Distant Sea|Jade Coral Branch]], left behind by the [[Orobashi|Omikami]] to suppress the Dragonheirs of the Depths, and perform the [[Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri]] ritual in order for the sunken "spirit" to return, which will stop the erosion of the Holy Soil.

However, though there are many Jade Coral Branches, as this tradition continues, the Dragonheirs of the Depths may one day break through its barrier and invade Watatsumi Island.<ref name="Moon-Bathed Deep"/>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Dragonheir of the Depths
|zhs      = 深海龙嗣
|zhs_rm   = Shēnhǎi Lóngsì
|zht      = 深海龍嗣
|zht_rm   = Shēnhǎi Lóngsì
|zh_tl    = Deep Sea Dragonheir
|ja       = アビサルドラゴエア
|ja_rm    = Abisaru Doragoea
|ja_tl    = Abyssal Drago-heir
|ko       = {{tt|심해|深海}} {{tt|용|龍}}의 {{tt|자손|子孫}}
|ko_rm    = Simhae Yong-ui Jason
|ko_tl    = Deep Sea Dragon's Offspring
|es       = Dragón de las profundidades
|es_tl    = Dragon of the Depths
|fr       = Héritier du dragon abyssal
|fr_tl    = Heir of the Abyssal Dragon
|ru       = Глубинный дракон
|ru_tl    = Abyssal Dragon
|th       = ทายาทมังกรทะเล
|th_rm    = Thayat Mangkon Thale
|th_tl    = Sea Dragonheir
|vi       = Rồng Biển Sâu
|vi_tl    = Deep Sea Dragon
|de       = Drachenerbe des Abgrunds
|de_tl    = Dragonheir of the Abyss
|id       = Abyssal Dragonheir
|pt       = Dragão do Oceano
|pt_tl    = Dragon of the Ocean
|tr       = 
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = 
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}
[[Category:Dragons]]

[[pt-br:Dragão Herdeiro das Profundezas]]