{{Terminology Infobox
|image      = For the Same Land Draught of Lucidity.png
|type       = Lore
|region     = Khaenri'ah
|region2    = Natlan
}}
The '''Draught of Lucidity''' is a medicine developed by [[Guthred]], a [[Khaenri'ah]]n military doctor who lived during the [[cataclysm]]. It was created to treat [[Abyssal Corrosion Syndrome]], an illness caused by exposure to [[Abyss]]al power.<ref name="FtSL">{{Ref/Quest|For the Same Land}}</ref>

==Overview==
The Draught of Lucidity dispels the psychological impact of the Abyss. However, it is reserved for the worst cases of Abyssal Corrosion Syndrome due to its severe side effects, which include chronic migraines for the rest of the patient's life.<ref name="FtSL"/> Although the draught was designed for humans, it is also effective on [[Saurian]]s, as seen when a small dosage helped to uplift [[Ayo]]'s mood.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|As the Sun Rises and Sets}}</ref>

==History==
During the cataclysm, the endless battles against the Abyss inflicted many hallucinations among Khaenri'ahn soldiers, to the point where some attempted to kill each other. In order to develop a treatment as fast as possible, Guthred used himself as a test subject for the draught. He passed away shortly after the draught was completed.<ref name="FtSL"/>

Following the Abyssal invasion of [[Natlan]] in {{Quest|The Rainbow Destined to Burn}}, the [[Fatui Harbinger]] [[Capitano]] distributed doses of the draught among the [[Flower-Feather Clan]] to cure their afflicted warriors.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Draught of Lucidity
|zhs     = 「清幻剂」
|zhs_rm  = "Qīnghuàn-jì"
|zht     = 「清幻劑」
|zht_rm  = "Qīnghuàn-jì"
|ja      = 「静幻剤」
|ja_rm   = "Seigen-zai"<ref>{{Ref/Quest|For the Same Land|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ko      = 「환각 제거제」
|es      = Poción de lucidez
|fr      = Décoction de lucidité
|ru      = Эликсир Ясности
|th      = "โพชั่นคืนสติ"
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Thuốc Thông Suốt
|de      = Trank der Klarheit
|id      = Obat Penjernih Pikiran
|pt      = Tônico da Lucidez
|tr      = Sağduyu İlacı
|it      = Decotto della lucidità
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}