{{Act Infobox
|image          = Secret Summer Paradise Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Secret Summer Paradise
|actNum         = III
|prev           = Mirage Paradise in Crisis!
|next           = 
}}
'''Dreams and First Encounters!''' is the third act of the [[Secret Summer Paradise]] event.

==Quests==
# [[Treehouse Theater: Candlelit Shadows Dancing]]
# [[Back to Normal: The Story Hidden in the Bottle]]

==Summary==
{{Description|The repair process is almost complete. Once the great wheel turns again and the Veluriyam Mirage goes back to normal, the time will come for all secrets to be revealed...}}
;Treehouse Theater{{Colon}} Candlelit Shadows Dancing

The next morning, the Traveler and Paimon sees that the others are already gathered. Lessig confessed that he is the cause of the chaos in the domain because he unknowingly touched a water orb, which is the core of the domain. To redeem himself, he offered to perform some more repairs and maintenance to support the domain. Idyia tells them to prepare for the day. Afterwards, the Traveler heads to the location of the final component with Klee, Kaeya, and Kokomi. The person they are looking for this time is [[Zosimos]], a stage director.

Arriving at Zosimos' treehouse, they find Zosimos and Idyia tells him about the Central Hub component. Zosimos says that he has it but before he gives it to them, he wants them to help him out with his stage first. He explains that he is working on a script for a play and he feels motivated after seeing everyone coming. Idyia tells the group that he always wanted to write an epic story about a thief and a mage and now he wants them to perform it. After finishing his script in a very short time, Zosimos briefly tells everyone about their role and hands them the script.

They all go to a big theatre to perform the play. Klee, Kaeya, and Kokomi will be performing while the Traveler will works backstage to help moving the props around during the performance from the preprints because all of Zosimos' set are composed entirely of preprints. After the performance, Klee and Kaeya comes of the stage with their stage costume that Zosimos designed and Idyia tailored. Zosimos asks for everyone's honest opinion of the play, Paimon and Idyia gives him some criticism and a feedback on how he can improve it.

He thanks everyone for helping him and finally gives them the final component, [[Travel Lamp|a bottle-lamp]]. Right after that, Kaeya comes out the stage wearing his stage costume that Idyia sewn as a surprise for Zosimos. Zosimos is touched with their act and seeing his own performance makes him really happy. He tells Kaeya and Klee that they can keep their costume as a thank you gift. Afterwards, the group bids farewell with Zosimos.

;Back to Normal{{Colon}} The Story Hidden in the Bottle

The group went to the area where they first met Water Droplet and finds out Collei and Eula were already there. Idyia tells the Traveler they need to enter the preprint to put the three components in the core, which in the form of a spindle. After placing the three components, the spindle still won't move. Idyia says that it takes time but Kaeya mentions that with her "special powers", she can fix it right away. Kokomi also sensed elemental energy on every residents despite them not having a vision. She deduces that Hydro Eidolons can change into any form, including human form. Idyia then reveals her true self and transform into an [[Oceanid]].

Paimon realizes that every resident they have met are Hydro Eidolons replica of previous human visitors and Idyia used the Streaming Projector to bring their wishes to life. The components are also the gifts given to Idyia before they left the domain. Idyia tries to fix the core, but nothing happened. Kokomi proposes to borrow the [[Shinrou Casket]] from the core to fix the Central Hub. Kokomi explains that the relic can listen to the wishes of those who come to pray to build up "shinki," which gives it its power. She tells Idyia to use it by making a wish. Idyia wish for everyone who came to Veluriyam Mirage will achieve what they truly wish for in reality. The Shinrou Casket begins to glow and by its power, the Central Hub begins to turn again as the residents watches from afar.

Returning to Silver Bottle Courtyard, everyone are praising Idyia for her accomplishments Klee says that she wants to ride the Choo-Choo Cart again and get to the top of the wheel. Idyia mentions that there's only space for few people and Klee chooses the Traveler to go with her. At the top, Idyia says that she likes to come here and spend some time alone every time someone leaves the domain. She adds that some people got upset when they find out they can't bring their creations outside the domain and destroy everything, but some people like the residents they met asked her to create a Hydro Eidolon replica of them to continue their dreams. Idyia tells them to enjoy the domain now that everything is running again. Klee wants to get everyone for one last ride on the Choo-Choo Cart.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dreams and First Encounters!
|zhs     = 梦与最初的故事！
|zhs_rm  = Mèng yǔ Zuìchū de Gùshì!
|zht     = 夢與最初的故事！
|zht_rm  = Mèng yǔ Zuìchū de Gùshì!
|zh_tl   = Dreams and the Very First Story!
|ja      = 夢とはじまりの物語！
|ja_rm   = Yume to Hajimari no Monogatari!
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 꿈과 최초의 이야기!
|ko_tl   = Dreams And First Stories!
|es      = ¡Sueños y nuevas historias!
|es_tl   = Dreams and New Stories!
|fr      = Rêves et premières rencontres !
|fr_tl   = Dreams and First Encounters!
|ru      = История о сне и начале!
|ru_tl   = Story of the Dream and Beginning!
|th      = ความฝันและเรื่องราวเมื่อแรกเริ่ม!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Giấc Mơ Và Câu Chuyện Ban Đầu!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Träume und die ersten Begegnungen!
|de_tl   = Dreams and the First Encounters!
|id      = Kisah Mimpi dan Awal!
|id_tl   = Story of Dreams and Beginning!
|pt      = Sonhos e Novas Histórias!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Rüyalar ve İlk Karşılaşmalar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sogni e primi incontri!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[pt-br:Sonhos e Novas Histórias!]]