{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Carassius Auratus Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Carassius Auratus Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Yoimiya
|next           = Star-Pickers' Passage
|ARReq          = 30
|archonQuestReq = [[Chapter II]]: Act I - [[The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia]]
}}
'''Dreamlike Timelessness''' is the first act of [[Yoimiya]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Carassius Auratus Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed the {{Quest|The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia}} and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 30.

During the act, the [[Traveler]] joins Yoimiya as she runs to prepare for the next batch of fireworks and helps mend an old conflicting tension between a runaway stowaway and his guard friend.

==List of Quests==
# [[The Firework Girl's Strange Stories]]
# [[Expectations Not to Be Betrayed]]
# [[A Sliver of Hope]]
# [[Together Under the Fireworks]]

==Summary==
;The Firework Girl's Strange Stories
Wandering around the beaches of [[Inazuma City]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] run into three children who are looking for the [[Bake-Danuki|Great Mujina Youkai]], a [[youkai]] that plays pranks on people. The two are incredulous such a monster exists and tries to tell them it isn't real, but they refuse to believe them and run off towards [[Yoimiya]].

Further down the shoreline, Yoimiya explains that children should enjoy their childhood and that they shouldn't yet need to learn about the harsher facts of life like the [[Vision Hunt Decree]]. She then mentions  that she has to check on the fireworks for the incoming show and explains to them that her family is well known throughout Inazuma for their spectacular fireworks.

At the shop, Yoimiya's father, [[Naganohara Ryuunosuke|Ryuunosuke]], greets the trio. He then goes on about the history of fireworks and the family business, but Yoimiya interrupts him, explaining that ever since a "workplace accident," her father is deaf. Yoimiya has to repeat to her father several times about the materials, and he tells her that they hadn't arrived yet.

Around the corner of her house, a man named [[Sakujirou]] crawls out. Yoimiya tells him that after the fireworks show, she'll find a boat for him to escape Inazuma. She explains that Sakujirou is an old customer that he smuggled himself into Inazuma. Despite being Inazuman by birth, the [[Tenryou Commission]] put an arrest warrant out for him. Yoimiya reassures him she'll find a way to keep him safe and Sakujirou returns into the house, while the Traveler accompanies Yoimiya on her errands.
----
;Expectations Not to Be Betrayed
Elsewhere in the outskirts of the city, the trio find a man named [[Kouichi (Expectations Not to Be Betrayed)|Kouichi]]. She asks on the status on the boat, and he tells her that he was questioned. He explains to the pair that since the [[Sakoku Decree]], any seaborne vessel being made regardless of size immediately gets the Tenryou's attention. Yoimiya apologizes for dragging him into her mess, but Kouichi insists that it is a payment for all the fireworks her family supplied him over the years. After a short conversation, Yoimiya tells the Traveler that despite all the work she does, she never minds as she wants to keep her customers happy. They return to the city in the hopes of finding materials for the special orders.

With the extra fireworks on hand, they return to the same spot they met Kouichi to wait for him. Yoimiya asks the Traveler about the outside world and if they are willing to stay in Inazuma. Upon hearing that they are looking for their sibling, she realizes how tough the situation they are in but offers them a place in Inazuma and some fireworks if they do return, as she wishes to leave the Traveler a good impression of the nation before they leave. Just then, Kouichi returns and they head to the boat to check on it.

After the escort preparations are complete, Yoimiya informs Sakujirou of the boat. The stowaway states that he regrets coming to Inazuma, stating that he left to avoid responsibility for arriving back here, but eventually heartache made him come back. Yoimiya then mutters about the Tenryou Commission being overzealous before remembering an old couple whose son works there, believing they would help, despite his reservations. Then remembering all the work she had to do, she leaves behind a note for her father.
----
;A Sliver of Hope
Heading to [[Konda Village]], the trio find the Imatani couple to deliver their fireworks, while the Imatanis also ask them to deliver some pickled radish to [[Satoru]]. After giving the radish and a short conversation, they return to the couple to talk about Sakujirou.

[[Imatani Saburou|Saburou]] then remembers that Yoimiya is busy and she then inquires about Sakujirou. They tell her that he was a good friend of their son [[Keisuke]], until one day they had a terrible argument as Sakujirou wanted to explore the outside world, while Keisuke stays in Inazuma. Yoimiya thanks them for their time and they return to her house to inform him of the news.

But as they arrive, Ryuunosuke tells them that the Tenryou had raided the house, looking for Sakujirou inside. Fortunately, he was able to escape, but Yoimiya is aware that he hadn't made up his mind yet and the resulting conflict would be disastrous for him. Learning that Keisuke lead the arrest, and that they left the city.
----
;Together Under the Fireworks
On the road out, they run into a blockade set by the Tenryou Commission and inquire with [[Yoshitaka]]. Yoshitaka refuses to let them through, so Yoimiya attacks and drives them away. Heading further inside, they find Keisuke and Sakujirou. Sakujirou has accepted his fate after losing to Keisuke, but Yoimiya intervenes and tries to connect them together. Keisuke is initially hesitant but agrees when Yoimiya challenges him to a duel, in which if she lost, she would allow him to arrest her, but if she won, she would have the two openly talk things out.

During the duel, Yoshitaka returns with backup, but Yoimiya prevails. Keisuke orders Yoshitaka to leave and the two reveal that they had a lot on their minds. Due to this, Keisuke allows Sakujirou to leave Inazuma, but reminds him not to kick the bucket early and he will help him if he ever decides to return. As Sakujirou leaves, Keisuke bemoans that he will get demoted, but nonetheless thanks Yoimiya for seeing through him. He then asks if she could make him the firework he used to set off with Sakujirou, but Yoimiya explains that Sakujirou has the order slip. However, seeing that Sakujirou had to leave without the completed firework, she gives that to Keisuke so he can set it off instead.

Yoimiya then takes the Traveler to the top of the cliff on [[Amakane Island]] where they witness the show. Sakujirou also catches the show from his boat and on recognizing his firework bursting in the sky, realizes that it was Keisuke that lit it and weeps at the sight. After the show concludes, Yoimiya hands the Traveler a slip for the golden firework as it was her creation for them. She hopes that the show will continue to grow in their hearts as they travel around Teyvat.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Dreamlike Timelessness|type=Story Quest}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dreamlike Timelessness
|zhs     = 如梦如电的隽永
|zhs_rm  = Rúmèngrúdiàn de Juànyǒng
|zht     = 如夢如電的雋永
|zht_rm  = Rúmèngrúdiàn de Juànyǒng
|zh_tl   = A Thoughtfulness Like Dreams and Thunder
|ja      = 夢が如く、雷の如し常しえ
|ja_rm   = Yume ga Gotoku, Kaminari no Gotoshi Tokoshie
|ja_tl   = Eternity Like Dreams, Like Thunder
|ko      = 꿈과 번개 같은 심오함
|ko_rm   = Kkum-gwa Beongae Gateun Simoham
|ko_tl   = Profundity Like Dreams and Lightning
|es      = Intemporal como un sueño
|es_tl   = Timelessness Like a Dream
|fr      = Intemporalité onirique
|fr_tl   = Oneiric Timelessness
|ru      = Мечтательное безвременье
|ru_tl   = Dreamy Timelessness
|th      = ดั่งฝันดั่งไฟฟ้าที่เหนือกาลเวลา
|th_rm   = Dang Fan Dang Faifa Thi Nuea Kan Wela
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vĩnh hằng như một giấc mơ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Traumhafte Zeitlosigkeit
|de_tl   = Dreamlike Timelessness
|id      = Keabadian Bagai Mimpi
|id_tl   = Eternity Like a Dream
|pt      = Atemporalidade Onírica
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Rüya Benzeri Sonsuzluk
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Eternità onirica
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Intemporal como un sueño]]
[[ja:夢が如く、雷の如し常しえ]]
[[pt-br:Atemporalidade Onírica]]
[[ru:Мечтательное безвременье]]