{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13014
|image         = Story Quest Dream of Falling.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Sapientia Oromasdis Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = Lingering Warmth
|character     = Nahida
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Avidya Forest]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Chatrakam Cave
|domain        = Dream of Falling (Domain)
|prev          = Dream of Awakening
|next          = Dream of Farewell
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*750;Mora*49,200;Hero's Wit*6;Mystic Enhancement Ore*11
|characters    = Anisah; Basimah; Debbi; Emira; Gaspar; Haydar; Ilman; Inas; Kathya; Kian; Maynar; Moseis; Nahida; Nasser; Paimon; Pawlin; Pedrush; Rakesh; Shadiyah; Thana; Traveler; Traveler's Sibling
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Dream of Falling''''' is the second part of {{Quest|Lingering Warmth}}.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Chatrakam Cave]]
# Defeat the attacking monsters {{Enemy List|Anemo Specter*2;Winged Dendroshroom;Grounded Hydroshroom}}
# Talk to [[Kathya]]
# Return to "A Moment of Dreams" again
# Follow [[Pedrush]] to check on the person who is currently dreaming
# Check on [[Debbi]]
# Enter the dream
#* The player will be teleported into the Quest Domain [[Dream of Falling (Domain)|Dream of Falling]]
# Talk to Nahida to understand the situation
# Enter the depths of the dream 
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Floating Dendro Fungus*2;Floating Anemo Fungus*2;Whirling Pyro Fungus}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Whirling Electro Fungus*2;Stretchy Geo Fungus*2}}
# Look for clues in the café
# Go to the deeper part of the dream
# Go deeper into the dream
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Stretchy Geo Fungus*2;Grounded Hydroshroom*2;Grounded Geoshroom}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*3}}
#* Returning to the location will call down the rain again, and allow Primeval Rosin to be obtained from the flower
# Look for clues near the cliff
# Go deeper into the dream
# Reach the deepest part of the dream 
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Primordial Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Hilichurl*3;Blazing Axe Mitachurl*2}}
#* Returning to the location will temporarily clear the pooling water, and allow Primeval Rosin to be obtained from the low-lying area
# Look for clues in the city
# Talk to [[Moseis]]
# Defeat the attacking monsters
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Grounded Geoshroom*2;Stretchy Anemo Fungus*2;Blazing Axe Mitachurl}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Hilichurl Fighter*2;Hilichurl Berserker*2;Anemo Samachurl}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Stretchy Electro Fungus*2;Electro Slime*2;Blazing Axe Mitachurl}}
# The dream is out of control
# Defeat Emira {{Enemy List|1 = Rockfond Rifthound{text=Emira? - ''Rampant Jnana Energy Aggregate''};Thundercraven Rifthound;Hilichurl}}
#* Each of the following enemies will spawn, in order, after any enemy other than Emira? is defeated: {{Enemy List|Geovishap;Stonehide Lawachurl}}
#* When Emira? is defeated, all other enemies are automatically defeated and dialogue proceeds.
# Talk to Moseis
# Wake from the dream

==Gameplay Notes==
* During Step 2 and from Step 8 onwards, Nahida will join the party as a trial character.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
<!-- World Levels -->
|wl                      = 5, 8
<!-- Character -->
|character_name          = Nahida
|weapon_name             = A Thousand Floating Dreams

<!-- WL 5 -->
|character_level5        = 71
|constellation5          = 3

|weapon_level5           = 71
|refinement5             = 1

|artifact_flower5        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather5       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands5         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet5        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet5       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level5         = 16
|set1_5                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_5      = 4

|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 5

|hp5                     = 17,893
|atk5                    = 1,424
|def5                    = 584
|em5                     = 346
|er5                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate5              = 51.8%
|crit_dmg5               = 91.9%

<!-- WL 8 -->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

|hp8                     = 22,938
|atk8                    = 1,781
|def8                    = 755
|em8                     = 485
|er8                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You realize that many people may be experiencing unusual dreams just like Ilman. To prevent the dreams from causing more harm, you must return to "A Moment of Dreams" to take measures.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look. She's sitting over there... and surrounded by monsters!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 1 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' C'mon, let's rescue her!

;(After defeating the opponents)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She seems to be in the same condition as [[Ilman]] earlier.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes, but luckily, she hasn't been injured or jolted awake yet. Let's carefully move her somewhere safer.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 01.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' See you tomorrow, Professor [[Aisha]]...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 02.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' Hmm... Huh? W&mdash;Why am I back here again?
:{{DIcon}} Nobody else is here.
:{{DIcon}} You were dreaming just now.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 03.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' Dreaming? But what about Professor Aisha...?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 04.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' Oh, I see. It was all just a dream... Well, that makes sense. After all, it hasn't changed a single bit.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's "it"?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 05.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' Nearly twenty years, and it still hasn't bloomed... *sigh*
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Does it have something to do with your dream? Please, tell us what you mean.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 06.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' Ah, sorry, I'm still feeling a little groggy. Please give me a moment here... Whew.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 07.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' Ahem, alright, where to start... Right, this plant... So, Professor Aisha gave me this plant just before she left.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 08.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' She was a good friend of my parents' and my first real tutor. She was also an outstanding [[Amurta]] researcher.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 09.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' In addition to her extraordinary academic talents, she was also skilled in combat, and would accept lots of work from the Adventurers' Guild.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so you mean she's left on an adventure?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 10.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' Yes. When I was about ten years old, she told me that she must go look for the secrets of "the Abyss," and that she would be gone for a long time.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 11.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' I grabbed hold of her and wouldn't let go. I didn't know what "the Abyss" was... I just knew that she was like family to me.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 12.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' She hugged me, and we cried for some time until I fell asleep. When I woke up, I was already back home.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 13.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' She still decided to leave, but had left behind a letter for me saying that I was the person she cared for most in this world.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 14.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' She claimed that investigating "the Abyss" could help more ordinary people protect the people and things they care about.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 15.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' She had obtained some important evidence during her past adventures... If she didn't set off right away, she might miss the perfect opportunity.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess "ad astra abyssosque" isn't just a slogan...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 16.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' She left a seed in the letter, telling me that if it sprouted and bloomed, then she'd come back, no matter what sort of risky situation she was in.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 17.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' She said she looked forward to seeing me all grown up...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 18.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' But strangely, I've tried watering it, feeding it, everything I could think of... but I've never been able to get it to bloom.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 19.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' I even went to ask the Amurta researchers, and they couldn't explain it, either.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' May I have a look at the plant?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 20.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' Of course. I was hoping the great Dendro Archon could help me solve this problem.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Let me see. Hmm, oh...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, we've never seen that look on Nahida's face before.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} (Wait, could it be...!?)
:{{DIcon}} (An expression pleading for help?)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sh&mdash;She looks a little unwell. Um, hold on, we'll be right back!
:;(The party separates from Kathya)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong, Nahida? You can't tell what's wrong with the plant, either?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' No, I immediately understood what's happening with that plant... I'm just not sure if I should say it.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' This plant is not known to the academic world. It's a new species that her teacher managed to cultivate by some special means.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 09.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Judging by its features, I can tell from the moment it sprouted, it'll never be able to bloom.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' I&mdash;It can't be...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It means that this "Professor Aisha" she keeps mentioning might have foreseen the danger, and was prepared to never return.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 11.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' From my experience observing people, she would undoubtedly regard this as a "brutal" revelation.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 12.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' When forced to confront such "brutal" truths, people may break down into tears, talk nonsense, or lose their tempers...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 13.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I know she has to face the truth, but at the same time, I don't want to hurt her... Tell me, {{Traveler}}, what should I do?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's a tricky one... Seems like you've already got a good idea of the feelings she might experience.
:{{DIcon}} I'll tell her.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 14.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But wouldn't that mean I'm just pushing it all on you? What if she just gets angry at you instead?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's all right. There are all kinds of people, and the examples you observed are just the most extreme cases.
:{{DIcon}} I've seen many situations like this before.
:{{DIcon}} There's always a way to work through it.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 15.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' O&mdash;Okay... Thank you.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go back and tell her.
:;(The party regroups with Kathya)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 21.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' Huh! It'll never bloom!?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 22.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' But how's that possible? If a plant is unable to bloom, doesn't that mean it can't reproduce, either? All that's left for it to do is slowly wither away!
:{{DIcon}} It seems like that may be exactly what your teacher intended.
:{{DIcon}} She meant to convey a message through the plant's true nature.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 23.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' Are you saying... she never intended to return? Seriously? So everything she said was a lie...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But she meant well! Since the separation was inevitable, she hoped that you would be able to come to grips with such a cruel parting a little later in life.
:{{DIcon}} She really cared about you.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah. Her love, care, and attention to you... All those warm moments were real.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 16.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I guess she had hoped that you could understand and respect her choice after learning the truth.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 24.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' ...I see. Sorry, I don't want to sound ungrateful, but it's just... just so much to take in.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 25.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' The dreams are so beautiful, yet reality is heartlessly cold.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 26.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' I really thought she had come back. I had so much to tell her...
:{{DIcon}} I can understand your grief.
:{{DIcon}} We're trying to investigate these dreams.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 17.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' These dreams may not be as pure and beautiful as they seem. Some kind of power may be exploiting your feelings.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 27.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' R&mdash;Really?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 18.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes. So with that in mind, until our investigation is completed, please return to the event and ignore any further temptations from your dreams.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 28.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' I see, thank you for rescuing me and sorry for the trouble. Luckily, the plant didn't get hurt either.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 kathya 29.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' Otherwise, I wouldn't have anything left to remember her by.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 19.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Thanks, Traveler and Paimon. She seems to have finally accepted the truth, but I think she'll still need a long time to come to terms with her feelings.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 20.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I saw her waver the moment you mentioned love.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 21.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It was almost like a gentle rain, arriving just in time to put out a fire that was about to spread.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's because people have something called "empathy."
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 22.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' "Empathy"? Hmm, I see... This is valuable knowledge indeed.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, you said there may be something that's trying to exploit their feelings. Any idea what that might be?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 23.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes. What's common between Ilman and Kathya's cases is that they've both lost someone dear to them.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 24.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' And now... they get to meet the people they cherish in their dreams again, and the people feel more real than anything a regular dream could hope to create.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 25.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Instead of interpreting it as a result of their longing, I have to consider a more antagonistic explanation... Someone is taking advantage of their longing.
:{{DIcon}} But what would be the motive?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, they're just causing these people to dream. What are they after?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 26.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' This is exactly what we need to investigate. Anyway, let's pay another visit to "A Moment of Dreams."
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 2 nahida 27.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I have a bad feeling about all of this... I hope things haven't gotten any worse.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Nasser, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq001 6 nasser 01.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' (So some people are having pretty realistic dreams, big deal. What are they so worried about?)

;(Approach "A Moment of Dreams")
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' We're back. How's everything here?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 pedrush 01.ogg}} '''Pedrush:''' Uh, I am so sorry, great Dendro Archon. We're still trying to figure out how to explain the whole thing to everyone.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 pedrush 02.ogg}} '''Pedrush:''' Because of your warning, we've brought dreamers here even if they were completely unaware of the danger.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 pedrush 03.ogg}} '''Pedrush:''' But some of them have already fallen asleep, and they haven't woken up for a long time. I fear there's nothing we can do about it.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 pedrush 04.ogg}} '''Pedrush:''' "A Moment of Dreams" is just a small interest group... We don't have enough staff members to handle this.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Just as I expected, it seems my guess was correct.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 paulin 01.ogg}} '''Pawlin:''' It's the Dendro Archon. She's back!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nasser 01.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' What happened? Why have we been gathered here?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Many of you here have been experiencing some beautiful dreams.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But I'm sorry to tell you that based on our investigation, there's some kind of conspiracy behind them.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Before we learn the truth, please don't try to recreate the scenes in your dreams. Whatever you see, don't be tempted by them.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 paulin 02.ogg}} '''Pawlin:''' Huh? But...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nasser 02.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' I don't think it's a big deal. Aren't we just dreaming? It's not like dreams will have an effect on others.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' We've already met two people who ran off to the countryside alone and got caught in dangerous situations by falling to the temptations in their dreams.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! These aren't just dreams &mdash; it's serious!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nasser 03.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' All right... I get it, I get it.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 paulin 03.ogg}} '''Pawlin:''' So does that mean once we have some conclusive results from the investigation, we can continue to enjoy these dreams?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nasser 04.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' Yeah, I still want to visit my sister in my dreams...
:{{DIcon}} No, not necessarily.
:{{DIcon}} It will depend on the results of our investigation.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nasser 05.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' I'm sorry if what I'm about to say sounds a little offensive, great Dendro Archon, but...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nasser 06.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' We had a discussion with the folks who just arrived here... In all of our dreams, we were able to reunite with people who were very close to us.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nasser 07.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' They all seemed as if they were alive again, which makes us reluctant to wake up.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes, that's also what we've observed in our investigation.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nasser 08.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' So, if the results of this investigation would mean an end to those dreams, that'd be quite cruel to us.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nasser 09.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' All of us understand the danger, but... perhaps you can't quite understand just how much those people mean to us.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nasser 10.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' I don't think everyone will be on board with the plan to abandon these dreams for good.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nasser 11.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' Before the conclusion of the investigation, they'll at least want to meet the people in their dreams one last time and say goodbye.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 pedrush 05.ogg}} '''Pedrush:''' We've never had such a difficult situation before. It appears that not many people are willing to cooperate.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So they still want to return to their dreams despite knowing the danger?
:{{DIcon}} It's hard to clearly say who's right and who's wrong here.
:{{DIcon}} Everyone has their own perspectives.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' That's right. Compared with these sweet and beautiful dreams, our warnings of danger are dull and emotionless... It looks like the situation will inevitably spiral out of control.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 09.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The more time we waste, the more people will ignore our warnings and return to their alluring dreams.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what should we do?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...Seems we have to go into a dream and find out the truth for ourselves.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 11.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Pedrush, is there anyone here who's experiencing a marvelous dream right now?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 pedrush 06.ogg}} '''Pedrush:''' Ah, let me think... Yes, this way.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 12.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Good, please take us there.

;(After the dialogue)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 pedrush 07.ogg}} '''Pedrush:''' This lady refused to heed our warnings and fell asleep here a little earlier.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Kathya, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 4 kathya 01.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' (What's so wrong about a beautiful dream?)

;(Talk to Kathya, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq002 kathya 01.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' Actually, I can really sympathize with everyone's feelings on this.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Nasser, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 4 nasser 01.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' (Even if the gods can sense our pain, they can't understand how fragile we truly are.)

;(Talk to Nasser, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq002 nasser 01.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' Sorry, I might have spoken a little out of turn just now.
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq002 nasser 02.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' I just think that the gods really don't understand us sometimes...

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Pawlin, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 4 paulin 01.ogg}} '''Pawlin:''' (...I can't help but be really curious, though. Just what are these dreams...?)

;(Talk to Pawlin, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq002 paulin 01.ogg}} '''Pawlin:''' All this commotion is making me wish I could experience this kind of dream, too.
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq002 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way, not on Paimon's watch!
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq002 paulin 02.ogg}} '''Pawlin:''' Alright, alright... No need to get so worked up.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Pedrush, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 4 pedrush 01.ogg}} '''Pedrush:''' (Hold it together now... Don't panic.)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Debbi, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 4 debbi 01.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' (What an amazing aroma...)
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Many people have been experiencing similar dreams where they have all met their cherished ones. To find out what created this phenomenon, the most direct way is to enter one of these dreams and see it with your own eyes.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Debbi)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 13.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hmm, she's only asleep and hasn't started sleepwalking... It seems she hasn't sunk too deep into her dream yet.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do we also need to fall asleep if we want to go into her dream?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 14.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Don't worry about that. I'm Lesser Lord Kusanali, after all.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 15.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Now, don't be nervous. Just close your eyes... imagine yourselves as waves gradually rolling onto the beach.
:;(Sounds of waves start playing)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 3 nahida 16.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You slowly wash over the shore and sink into the sand...
<!-- black screen transition -->
:;(Upon entering the dream, the Traveler catches a glimpse of [[Traveler's Sibling|their sibling]] in the distance)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong, Traveler? You look a little disoriented.
:{{DIcon}} ...No, it's nothing.
::{{A|vo nhdlq002 6 paimon 02a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, okay. Just remember that Paimon is always here for you!
:{{DIcon}} It seems this whole dream situation is getting to me, too.
::{{A|vo nhdlq002 6 paimon 02b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Paimon didn't notice anything...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, seems like we've made it into the dream!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 6 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hmm, I thought we would arrive at some familiar scene, but we seem to have landed in a completely unfamiliar place.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, so many giant plants, even in the sky. Amazing...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 6 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Theoretically, we should have gone straight into Debbi's dream. Things do seem to have gone a bit sideways here...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 6 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Anyway, let's see if we can find any leads.

;(Approach the portal)
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, a door? Hmm, wonder where it could lead...
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's not like we have any other way to go now. Let's go in and have a look.

;(Enter the portal)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, this place looks familiar! Isn't it Puspa Café?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon sees Debbi. She's right over there! Looks like we've come to the right place.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' These alluring dreams often portray a scene from real life, which concurs with our previous findings.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? But what about that space we were in just now?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it was like some kind of hub.
:{{DIcon}} The dreams may be connected.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can't mean... this is another collective dream!?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes, given that so many people have been experiencing these beautiful dreams, I would say it's very likely that they're interconnected.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Compared to an interconnected dream, independent individual dreams would be much harder to manage and manipulate.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon gets it now... Well, let's go talk with Debbi.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, but there are some other people next to her. Are they dreaming, too?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' If this space is exclusive to Debbi's dream, then the others beside her are most likely the people she cherishes.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Anyway, we should confirm that first, just to be sure.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How do we do that?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Just leave it to me.
<!--Tutorial
Tapping Nahida's Elemental Skill, All Schemes to Know, allows her to hear the inner thoughts of those hit by the skill.
Hold Nahida's Elemental Skill, All Schemes to Know, to select a specific person to hear their inner thoughts.
There seems to be many within this dreamscape whose hearts cannot be read with "All Schemes to Know"...
-->

;(Approach Debbi, optional)<!--dialogue will be skipped if ASTK is used first-->
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 debbi 01.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' The coffee here still tastes the same as ever, haha.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 debbi 02.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' You two have traveled all around Teyvat. Surely, you've all tasted better coffee than this.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 gaspar 01.ogg}} '''Gaspar:''' I suppose so, but no matter how good things may be elsewhere, nothing beats the taste of home.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 basimah 01.ogg}} '''Basimah:''' That's right! It's hard to change your tastes.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 8 debbi 03.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' Anyway, here's to your return home! Welcome back, everyone!

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Debbi)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 01.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' (Huh, how could they be...?)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 02.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' (Well, I guess it doesn't matter...)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' (Huh? She sounds a little hesitant.)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I've confirmed that this dream belongs only to Debbi. Because, I'm unable to hear the thoughts of the other two people with her.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, this is the power of the Dendro Archon...?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon had better watch her thoughts from now on.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hehe, don't worry. I don't often use my powers like this... It's rather impolite.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Alright, I need to get myself ready... It won't be easy to break it to her, but there's no avoiding it now.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 03.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' Th&mdash;The great Dendro Archon! Uh, what brings you here?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm sorry to interrupt your celebration, but... have you noticed that what's happening here doesn't quite match up with your memories?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 04.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' I&mdash;I don't quite understand, great Dendro Archon... What do you mean?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 basimah 01.ogg}} '''Basimah:''' I get it. The Dendro Archon is trying to say that it's a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that we're able to gather here.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 gaspar 01.ogg}} '''Gaspar:''' Hey, how about a cup of coffee for all of you, my treat! We just returned from a fruitful adventure.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 05.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' Memories, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Think carefully. You of all people should know what really happened to them.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Are you sure that meeting here and chatting the day away like this isn't just a product of your own wishful thinking?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 06.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' ...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 07.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' Yes, the reports from "[[The Steambird]]" were true... The ship they were on struck a reef and sank.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 08.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' And I never heard from Basimah and Gaspar again...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 basimah 02.ogg}} '''Basimah:''' Hey, c'mon now. What're you talking about, Debbi?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, trust your memories... Nothing you see here is real.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 09.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' I get it now. This is a dream, isn't it?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 10.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' But since it's my dream, it doesn't matter if this is real or not. I enjoy the way things are here... I no longer have to face the tragedies of real life.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 11.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' These friends mean the world to me. Nobody else can understand me like they do.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 12.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' There's nothing wrong with continuing this dream, is there?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm worried that if you were to continue dreaming like this, the lines between dreams and reality will gradually become too blurred for you.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 nahida 09.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' These dreams will always give you what you want, while reality remains full of pain and difficult situations... If you're not careful, you can get hurt.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 13.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' Don't worry, I still have control. I won't let it go that far.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 nahida 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Are you sure?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 gaspar 02.ogg}} '''Gaspar:''' Hey, how about we put all this troublesome stuff aside and get back to our coffee and snacks, hmm?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 gaspar 03.ogg}} '''Gaspar:''' Whether it's just a dream or real life, you should be happy.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can't just brush off something like this! We don't even know how you people got here, or where you even came from...
:{{DIcon}} Don't push it, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} These are important people to Debbi.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, sorry! Paimon didn't mean to upset anyone.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 14.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' No, it's alright. I understand that you're just trying to look out for me.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 nahida 11.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It seems that for now, this place is still relatively harmless for you.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 nahida 12.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But I wonder if there's any way to go deeper into the dream...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 15.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' Huh, now that you mention it, I once heard a strange voice tell me that there's an entrance here.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 debbi 16.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' I'm not interested in checking it out at the moment, but maybe I'll go in and have a look later.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 nahida 13.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Okay, thanks for your help.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 9 nahida 14.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Just as I expected, we're only on the surface of this dream. Let's go.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Debbi again, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 10 debbi 01.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' (*sigh* It's all just a dream...)

;(Talk to Debbi, Gaspar, or Basimah, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq002 debbi 01.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' I think I need a moment to calm down.
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq002 gaspar 01.ogg}} '''Gaspar:''' Hey, what's with the sad face?
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq002 basimah 01.ogg}} '''Basimah:''' Yeah, there's no need to worry about all that complicated stuff.
----
;(Enter the portal)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What are we doing here again?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a second!? We were just up there, no... down there... Uh, did we go up or down?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 10 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Don't panic, this is how dreams work.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 10 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' We've left Debbi's dream, but the dream is still continuing onward. I'm not sure where it'll lead us.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 10 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' This dream has the ability to create imaginary people, which is why people are so unwilling to wake up.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If it weren't for what we just saw, Paimon might still find that a bit hard to believe...
:{{DIcon}} So what awaits us further in the dream?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 10 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I have a guess. If these dreams are connected, then there should be some sort of order to them.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 10 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The fact that Debbi was able to realize that she was dreaming means that she is not very deep in the dream yet.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 10 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But the space we're in has been turned upside down. Do you remember the characteristics of dreams that I mentioned earlier?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh right! Dreams are chaotic!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 10 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' That's right. It's possible that we're heading deeper into this dream now, and the deeper we go, the closer we'll get to the essence of the dream.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, so the answers might be waiting for us deeper in the dream.
:{{DIcon}} We should hurry.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 10 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes, and we should get ready for whatever we may encounter.

;(Approach the [[Primeval Rosin]] receptacle)
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, it looks like we may need to put something inside there...

;(Enter the portal)
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, when it rains, it seems to disappear slowly.
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 13 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes, and it appears again as soon as the rain stops. It's less like a flower, and more like a Dendro Slime that's trying to keep out of sight.
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heh, here we go again with Nahida's analogies...

;(Enter the portal)
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? Are we back up here again? Ah wait, Paimon's confused! Are we up here or down there!?
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, good thing we didn't fall, hehe...
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 12 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes we did, we just fell upwards.
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's not helping, Nahida! Ugh, Paimon has no clue what's going on anymore!
----
;(Enter the portal unlocked by the Primeval Rosin receptacle)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, weren't we already here a little earlier?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 14 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' This is probably Ilman's dream.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why would he start dreaming again?
:{{DIcon}} Didn't we warn him?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 14 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes, but it seems that the danger isn't enough to stop him from longing for his wife.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Based on what we've learned so far, he must be sleeping more deeply for his dream to appear here.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 14 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But fortunately, he already knows us from before, so hopefully we'll be able to wake him up.

;(Approach Ilman)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ilman!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 01.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Oh, it's you! Incredible, I didn't know you would appear in my dream too.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you say dream? Wait, so you know this is a dream!?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 02.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Of course, such good things rarely happen to me in real life these days.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 03.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Here, let me introduce everyone. This is Maynar, my wife who I mentioned before, and this is our daughter, Haydar.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 maynar 01.ogg}} '''Maynar:''' Hello, it's a great honor to meet the Dendro Archon.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 haydar 01.ogg}} '''Haydar:''' Whoa, Dad, you know the Dendro Archon!? That's amazing!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 haydar 02.ogg}} '''Haydar:''' And what's this? *gasp* Is it a new toy!?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, it's Paimon! Not a toy!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, now's not the time for that! Nahida, this doesn't seem to add up with what we were expecting.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hmm, you're right. Let me think for a bit here...
:{{DIcon}} Ilman, did you...
:{{DIcon}} Secretly go back to that place again on your own?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! We didn't see him in "A Moment of Dreams" earlier. Paimon thought he'd gone home!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 04.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Sorry, I just had to make sure that Haydar could get a chance to see her mother.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 05.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' I had gotten pretty familiar with the hike, so I brought Haydar with me. I'm just glad we didn't meet any monsters along the way.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 maynar 02.ogg}} '''Maynar:''' Yes, I'm glad too. I didn't expect her to grow up so fast.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 maynar 03.ogg}} '''Maynar:''' It must have been very hard for him. I regret not being able to fulfill my role as a wife and a mother.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 06.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' No, don't talk like that. Let's leave all that unhappy stuff behind for now. Even if we're in a dream, it's still a blessing that we've been able to reunite in this way.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What should we do now? Should we... tell him the truth?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You can... You can let me break the news. I should... be the one to do it.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm sorry, but I should tell you that your dream did not create us. We are real people with our own consciousness.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Like the last time we met, we're still investigating this dream, and we've already learned some things about it.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 07.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' So you mean, there's something nefarious with this dream as well?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 maynar 04.ogg}} '''Maynar:''' Hmm? Ilman, what's going on?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 08.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' It seems the reunion of our family is destined to only be temporary.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 haydar 03.ogg}} '''Haydar:''' Huh? Is Mom leaving?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Maybe... But in all likelihood, that is indeed how things will end.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 haydar 04.ogg}} '''Haydar:''' ...Ah!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 haydar 05.ogg}} '''Haydar:''' No, Mom, you can't leave!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 maynar 05.ogg}} '''Maynar:''' I'm afraid I don't quite understand what's going on...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 maynar 06.ogg}} '''Maynar:''' Don't worry, Haydar. Mom's not going anywhere. Please don't cry.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 09.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Maynar doesn't understand any of this.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 10.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' I'm fully aware that this is a dream, so that's why I've never told her the truth, but...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 11.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Never mind. It's not like I would know what to say...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 12.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' I mean, I don't get any of the complicated stuff, but regardless of whether this dream is good or bad, you're here to resolve it, right?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 13.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Then please, let us enjoy this moment for just a while longer.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 14.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Regardless of whatever caused this dream to come to pass, I feel extremely grateful to have had the chance to reunite with my family.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 15.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' But, does this dream... really have to disappear?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm afraid so. Sorry.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 16.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Okay, I see...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 17.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Please, come this way. You can go even deeper into the dream by heading in this direction.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 18.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' I have heard that the further down you go, the more pleasant the dreams become... and the more you want to stay.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 19.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' The answer you're looking for may also be found there. Go ahead.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Thank you for helping us, and I'm truly sorry.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 20.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' You're welcome. It's not like I have any say in the matter. I'm just an ordinary person, after all. Who am I to interfere with the work of a god?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 21.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' I'll be right behind you. I should at least let Maynar and Haydar know what's going on here.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 15 ilman 22.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Otherwise, my daughter might be mad at her mother after we wake up...

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're not doing something bad... are we, Nahida?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 16 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' That depends on how you define "good" and "bad."

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Ilman, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 16 ilman 01.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' (Is this too cruel for Haydar? How can I ever get her to come to terms with this...?)

;(Talk to Ilman, Haydar, or Maynar, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq002 ilman 01.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' You go right on ahead, I'll catch up with you later.
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq002 haydar 01.ogg}} '''Haydar:''' Cheer up, Dad... And Mommy, too.
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq002 maynar 01.ogg}} '''Maynar:''' Thank you, Haydar... my baby.
----
;(Enter the portal)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's the same place again... This place is almost like a flight of stairs that connects all the dreams together!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But they appear to be getting more and more aggressive. Regular stairs wouldn't try to attack us.
:{{DIcon}} Let's recap what we've learned so far.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, something seems to be off about our theory.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ilman is clearly aware that he's dreaming, and he's enjoying it.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Rather than dreaming on a deeper level, he almost seemed... more awake?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I believe we're on the right track, but we just need another explanation.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It's not that the dreams are getting deeper, it's the owners' attachment to the dreams that's getting stronger.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But you would never mistake dreams for real life, right?
:{{DIcon}} Of course not.
:{{DIcon}} Although sometimes, I almost wish I could.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sometimes, Paimon almost wishes her dreams could be real!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But it's just a quick thought... It's not long before Paimon's thinking about other things... like Sticky Honey Roast.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Listen, we're real beings living in the real world, and that's where our focus should be.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' This also explains the insubstantiality of our dreams. No matter what they may become, we don't really care.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But if we decide to abandon reality and embrace our dreams, then our dreams would become far more substantial.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Wait, Paimon's starting to get it now!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Your mind will begin to build the dream far more attentively, which in turn will make it feel more real.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 09.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Do you remember how the [[Akasha]] can turn dreams into Jnana Energy?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Constructing a realistic dream consumes a similar energy.
:{{DIcon}} Which means...
:{{DIcon}} There's another dream out there that's responsible for this.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Does that mean there's a "host" of these dreams here like [[Nilou]] during the [[Sabzeruz Festival]]?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we wake that person up, this collective dream will end, right?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 11.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Mm-hmm, most likely.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 12.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But the collective dream in Sumeru City was created by the Akasha, and now the Akasha has been turned off.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 13.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' This has nothing to do with the [[Aranara]], and humans are not capable of creating a collective dream, which means...
:{{DIcon}} The host has something to do with the Akasha.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? So, did someone manage to restart the Akasha?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 14.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Mmm... That's impossible, but they are probably a scholar of the Akademiya who had a close connection with the Akasha.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 15.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Even so... How did they manage to do it, and how did they choose the host?
:{{DIcon}} Let's keep moving.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 16.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yeah, we haven't gotten to the end yet.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 17 nahida 17.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Once we know their motive, all the questions will resolve themselves.

;(Enter the portal)
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All the water that used to be here has turned into rain.
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 18 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Then let's get through here before the water level rises.

;(Insert the Primeval Rosin into the two receptacles)
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've finally made it. The destination is right ahead!
----
;(Enter the portal)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 20 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, a new place!
;(The camera pans around to show the location, which resembles [[Sumeru City]])
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 20 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, well, it's just new to Paimon in this dream...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 20 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' This should be the final destination.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 20 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Really?
:{{DIcon}} It's more ordinary than I imagined.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 20 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, these are just ordinary city streets.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 20 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I have powers related to dreams, so it's usually easy for me to tell who's dreaming and who's created by dreams.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 20 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I guess only those who have thoroughly accepted this dream will be able to come here.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 20 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are so many people here. How can we find the host?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 20 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Don't worry. I have a way.

;(Talk to Kian or Anisah, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 kian 01.ogg}} '''Kian:''' It's a bit noisy today, isn't it?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 anisah 01.ogg}} '''Anisah:''' Huh, you think so? I don't feel anything out of the ordinary.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 kian 02.ogg}} '''Kian:''' Oh, maybe you're right. It's always been quite peaceful here.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Kian, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 kian 03.ogg}} '''Kian:''' (Anisah is always so calm... I wish I were the same.)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' He's just in an ordinary dream, so it shouldn't be him.

;(Talk to Inas or Shadiyah, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 inas 01.ogg}} '''Inas:''' What should I buy? Hey, tell me what you think, Shadiyah.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 shadiyah 01.ogg}} '''Shadiyah:''' How about this? I think it would really suit you.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 inas 02.ogg}} '''Inas:''' Let me have a look... Oh, it looks great.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Inas, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 inas 03.ogg}} '''Inas:''' (Shadiyah has such good taste. I can never go wrong with her opinion.)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' No, it doesn't seem to be her.

;(Talk to Ilman, Haydar, or Maynar, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 haydar 01.ogg}} '''Haydar:''' Wow, what a beautiful place. Look Mom, the scenery is so pretty here!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 maynar 01.ogg}} '''Maynar:''' Be careful. Don't fall now.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 ilman 01.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Oh, hey! Seems we somehow managed to get here before you.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How did you beat us here? Didn't you have to go through that super crazy confusing place?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 ilman 02.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Uh, I'm not sure what you're talking about... All we did was walk through that passageway, and here we are.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' We're in a dream. The concept of fixed spaces doesn't always apply here.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Ilman, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 ilman 03.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' (Who doesn't want a dream to last forever...?)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' He's just entered the dream recently. It's definitely not him.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' However... Hm...

;(Talk to [[Thana]] or [[Rakesh]], optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 thana 01.ogg}} '''Thana:''' It's not going to rain soon, is it?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 rakesh 01.ogg}} '''Rakesh:''' Then maybe we should head home? I don't wanna get rained on.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 thana 02.ogg}} '''Thana:''' Yeah, let's wait for the weather to get better before we head back out again. It's not like we're in a rush or anything.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Thana, optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 thana 03.ogg}} '''Thana:''' (Sometimes I wish Rakesh could be more assertive, but... I guess I'm also happy enough with the way things are.)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' No, it's not her, unfortunately.

;(Talk to [[Moseis]] or [[Emira]], optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 emir 01.ogg}} '''Emira:''' Remember to come to the flower shop later. I've got a surprise for you.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 21 moseis 01.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Oh, sure thing, Emira. I'll be over as soon as I'm done with this.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Moseis)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 emir 01.ogg}} '''Emira:''' You know, I've heard that plants grow better if you play music for them.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 emir 02.ogg}} '''Emira:''' And on that note, it's been a while since I last heard you play.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 01.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Sorry, I've been a little busy these last couple days.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 02.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Oh, the Dendro Archon... What a pleasant surprise!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 emir 03.ogg}} '''Emira:''' Hmm? Oh! Welcome, great Dendro Archon! And your companions, too, welcome!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 emir 04.ogg}} '''Emira:''' I'm Emira. I run the flower shop here. And this is my husband, Moseis.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 03.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Yes, how may we help you?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You already know all about me. There's no need for all the pleasantries.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Perhaps I should call you, "the dream's owner"?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 04.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Hahaha, as expected of the Dendro Archon.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 05.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' I'm sorry, Emira. It seems my research has attracted the Dendro Archon's attention.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 06.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Why don't you go back to the flower shop, I'll come help you a little later.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 emir 05.ogg}} '''Emira:''' Okay, of course, dear. I'll see you later.
:(Emira leaves)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 07.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' It appears that I was too naive to think I could deceive the Dendro Archon in person like this.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 08.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' To avoid looking like too much of a fool, allow me to ask the first question: How well would you say you understand this dream?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' This dream was built by the Akasha, and it has the power to create imaginary people who no longer exist in the real world.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' As for you... you've found a unique way to become the owner of this dream, going so far as to have even given up the ability to wake up again.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Given up... the ability to wake up?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 09.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Hahaha, impressive! You truly are the embodiment of wisdom.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 10.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Please, tell me how you were able to arrive at such a conclusion. In return, I'll answer the question you're most curious about.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It's simple. Apart from you, this space only consists of real people who are dreaming and imaginary people who were created here.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Although you are here and appear no different from the others, I can't sense your dream.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' How can I wake up a person who's already awake?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 11.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Fascinating.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Since you're the fully awake owner of this dream, it can never collapse from you waking up.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 09.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Theoretically, this should also give you absolute control over this place. I have to admit, it really doesn't get much better than that.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But even knowing all of that, one question remains: How did you do it?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 12.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Isn't the answer right in front of you, great Dendro Archon? It's because I've dedicated my entire reality to this dream.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 13.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' I uploaded my entire consciousness into the Akasha when it was still running.
:{{DIcon}} Your entire consciousness?
:{{DIcon}} That's insane...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 14.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Actually, this all started because of an accident. My original goal was not about the Akasha or a collective dream...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 11.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' No, you were motivated above all to create a hyper-realistic "person"... The desire to reconnect with a "real" loved one is the one shared sentiment between all our dreamers.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 15.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' That's right. However, human models are too complicated. Only the Akasha has a Jnana Energy supply powerful enough for me to generate and sustain my models.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 16.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' The Akasha is truly magnificent. If I siphoned a minuscule amount of its energy, nobody would even notice. And even this "minuscule" amount of energy was already more than enough for my purposes.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 17.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Even using just crude methods, I was still able to train a fairly realistic person.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 18.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' I named my first work "Emira."
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You mean the girl we just saw!?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 19.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' She and I entered the Akademiya on the same day. Starting with admission procedures, we bumped into each other six times on just that first day.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 20.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' And because of that one day, we eventually went on to fall in love. We studied, conducted research, and made breakthroughs together.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 21.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Our rhythm was always in step. I felt like we were two separate bodies that shared the same heart...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 22.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' However, [[Eleazar]] later took her from me.
:{{DIcon}} So you're gathering others like you.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 23.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Yes, I need more training samples to perfect Emira's personality.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 24.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' I found their details in the Akasha's database. Using the pretext of testing for mental health disorders, I implanted signaling devices in their bodies.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 25.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' This way, I could connect them to a network, and Emira could feel their yearning. Little by little, they helped her to grow and develop a warm, human personality.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 26.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' To improve my efficiency and allow myself to focus on nothing but my research, I uploaded my consciousness as well, and became a part of the network.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 12.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hmm, so technically speaking, it's not that you won't wake up &mdash; it's that you can't wake up.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 27.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Yes. Because the Akasha was suddenly turned off, I lost all of my Jnana Energy. I became imprisoned in the very network I had constructed.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 28.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' At first, I panicked. But, after coming to grips with the situation, I realized that I could restart this world as long as I could find a replacement source of Jnana Energy.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That means... everyone in the network is providing you with Jnana Energy!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 29.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' That's all there really is to it. I don't think I'm doing anything wrong &mdash; I'm just saving them as well as myself.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 30.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' I provide a beautiful dream, and in return, I harvest their Jnana Energy as fuel for the dream.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 31.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' They can wake up anytime they wish. People need to sleep anyway, so why not have some beautiful dreams while they rest?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 anisah 01.ogg}} '''Anisah:''' I agree. This is the home we spent a great deal of effort on to build for ourselves.
:;(Everyone else approaches)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 kian 01.ogg}} '''Kian:''' Yeah, she's right. We are staying here of our own free will.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 maynar 01.ogg}} '''Maynar:''' I don't understand this at all, but I just want to spend some more time with my family. I don't want them to be sad.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 ilman 01.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' ...Thank you, dear. Great Dendro Archon, I hope you can understand.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 32.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' You don't need to gather around here. It's alright.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 33.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' The great Dendro Archon is nothing if not kind and considerate towards her people. She won't interfere with what we're doing here.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh oh, now he's playing dirty...
:{{DIcon}} (He used the imaginary people he created to influence the real people.)
:{{DIcon}} (He turned the real dreamers against us.)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 13.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It seems like I won't need you to answer my last question.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 14.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You're willing to tell me all your secrets because you have nothing to fear.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 15.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' If you use real people as your weapon and turn them against their archon, then there's nothing the archon can do.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 34.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' They just want to be with the people they cherish. I don't think there's anything wrong with me providing them with that opportunity.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 35.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' They don't wish to eternally part with their spouses and friends. What's so wrong about that?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 36.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' If you understood humans a little better or had also experienced firsthand the absolute devastation of loss, then perhaps you wouldn't be so cold towards us.
:{{DIcon}} She's not cold at all.
:{{DIcon}} You don't know the first thing about her.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 16.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' If you had used your talents and determination for a just cause, you could have become a sage of the new generation.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 17.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Unfortunately, you've committed one of the six cardinal sins of the Akademiya by "attempting the forbidden and fearing none."
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 18.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You equated people's feelings with cold Jnana Energy and deprived them of the pain that they have to face.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 19.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You lured them into these dreams, and even now remain completely unaware of how evil all of this truly is.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 37.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Pain? Luring? Those kinds of things haven't existed here from the moment this world was created.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 20.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' She's right here. This is Ilman's child, Haydar.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 ilman 02.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Huh? My daughter? What's wrong with her?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 21.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' This dream relies on a set network, which means that only those with devices planted in their bodies can enter this world.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 22.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Carefully think back and retrace your steps.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 ilman 03.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' I... secretly went back to the mountainside with Haydar. Maynar was already there waiting for me, and Haydar was able to see her mother...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 ilman 04.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Ah...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 ilman 05.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' You mean... she isn't actually the real Haydar?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 23.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' No, because unlike you, she can't enter this dream.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 24.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The moment you came into this dream, it created a "Haydar" to realize your wish of reuniting with your family.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 25.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' So, tell me: Where's the real Haydar?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 ilman 06.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' She's still out there on the mountainside...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 26.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' That's right. And she must have been terrified to see her father not in his right mind.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 27.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Not to mention the monsters in that area... The situation is very dangerous.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 ilman 07.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' If Haydar's still out there, then...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 haydar 01.ogg}} '''Haydar:''' What're you talking about, Dad? I don't understand.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 ilman 08.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' I must wake up right now! I can't leave her there alone.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 kian 02.ogg}} '''Kian:''' ...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 thana 01.ogg}} '''Thana:''' ...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 28.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It seems the others have also remembered something.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 29.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' People try to avoid pain and stay in their perceived bubbles of safety out of an instinct to protect themselves. This is human nature, but it is also one of their weaknesses.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 30.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' However, why are there still so many people striving to move forward even when they know the path ahead is dangerous and painful?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 31.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It's because people don't only live for themselves.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 32.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' They have families, loved ones, friends, and communities. They have dreams that they are still trying to achieve.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 33.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But in this dream, you showed them only the most comfortable and soothing things. This entire world has been built on a foundation of buried and unseen pain.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 nahida 34.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It's all just a well-devised scam.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 kian 03.ogg}} '''Kian:''' It seems like I've stayed in the dream for too long.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 thana 02.ogg}} '''Thana:''' I still have so many things I haven't done...
:;(Everyone except Moseis moves to stand behind Nahida, the Traveler, and Paimon)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 38.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Heh, I thought gods didn't understand humans. That would have explained why they created such a flawed world, where countless tragedies took place.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 39.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' I didn't expect you to arrive at the answer through sheer power of observation... But, unfortunately, it means nothing now.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 40.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' If you wanted to spend a little time in the waking world, go right ahead. In any case, I wanted to spend some time alone with Emira.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 41.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' As long as this dream continues to exist, you'll come back.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 42.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Humans aren't as strong as you think. Even if you're a god, they won't always listen to you.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 22 moseis 43.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' It's time to purge all the extraneous data and noise.

;(During the battle)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 23 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, monsters! Be careful!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 23 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' All of you, please get out of here and find somewhere safe!
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 23 moseis 01.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' I am the master of this dream. I can create endless waves of monsters with the snap of a finger.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 23 moseis 02.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Don't worry. They'll wake up before they get hurt. Emira doesn't like to see others in pain.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 23 moseis 03.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' If you know what's good for you, leave now.
{{Cutscene Description|Moseis uses his control over the dream to summon monsters, but you quickly take them out. The man, who believes he dominates everything within this realm, attempts to escape you by turning into a pure form of consciousness. However, the dream suddenly collapses in response. As the ground shakes, the people inside it gradually turn into monsters one by one. In the end, even Moseis' dearest Emira has transformed into a ferocious Rifthound and then attacks him. To save those who are still in this space, you raise your weapons against the monsters...}}
;(A cinematic plays)
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 cs moseis 01.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Heh, you haven't won just yet
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 cs moseis 02.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' This dream is mine!
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 cs moseis 03.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' If I go into hiding here, not even an archon can ever find me!
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 cs moseis 04.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' And as long as people yearn for happiness...
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 cs moseis 05.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' They will return here and rebuild this paradise!
:;(Moseis disappears)
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Stop!
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 cs paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What's that?
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 cs nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The dream is spiraling out of control and is collapsing now
:;(The people created by the dream hold their heads pain)
:;(Rakesh flickers into a [[Geovishap]])
:;(A female NPC wearing a brown dress flickers into a [[Thundercraven Rifthound]])
:;(Anisah flickers into a [[Stonehide Lawachurl]])
:;(Moseis reappears)
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 cs moseis 06.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Oh no! Emira!
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 cs moseis 07.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Emira... Emira!
:;(A [[Sumeru Rose]] falls to the ground and flickers)
:;(Emira holds her head in pain)
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 cs moseis 08.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Emira, are you alright?
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 cs emir 01.ogg}} '''Emira:''' I... I don't feel well
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 cs moseis 09.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' No... no... no!
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 cs moseis 10.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Please, no!!!
:;(Emira flickers into a [[Rockfond Rifthound]])
:;(The Rockfond Rifthound approaches Moseis with an open mouth)
:;(Cinematic ends)

;(During the battle)
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 23 emir 01.ogg}} '''Emira?:''' {{Obf|* * *}}, get away from there! Don't ruin my flowers!
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 23 haydar 01.ogg}} '''Haydar?:''' {{Obf|* *}}, what should I do? Where did {{Obf|* *}} go?
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 23 maynar 01.ogg}} '''Maynar?:''' {{Obf|* * *}} left because he doesn't want you anymore!

;(After defeating an enemy other than Emira)
:;(A Geovishap spawns)
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 23 anisah 01.ogg}} '''Anisah?:''' Ahhhhh, just shut up, {{Obf|* *}}!
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 23 shadiyah 01.ogg}} '''Shadiyah?:''' {{Obf|* * *}}, just decide for yourself!

;(After defeating another enemy other than Emira)
:;(A Stonehide Lawachurl spawns)
::{{A|Vo nhdlq002 23 rakesh 01.ogg}} '''Rakesh?:''' {{Obf|* *}}, stop bossing me around!

;(After defeating Emira)
:{{A|Vo nhdlq002 23 emir 02.ogg}} '''Emira?:''' Who... am I? I'm... not Emira. I'm {{Obf|* * *}}.

;(Approach Moseis)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, glad that's over...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But what happened just now?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' He's not very proficient in using the Akasha's technology, and he spent a lot of Jnana Energy creating monsters. Now the system is out of control.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' All the people he created also turned into monsters, including Emira.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It's terrible, even for a dream.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even Paimon's freaked out. Paimon can't imagine what they're going through.
:{{DIcon}} It's like a horrible nightmare.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The good news is that the chaos seems to have subsided.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Now we only need to wake up the people here, and let them return to their real lives.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 moseis 01.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Emira, my dear Emira...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 moseis 02.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' They're all gone. It was just a big dream after all.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 moseis 03.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' I couldn't change my fate, and my knowledge turned out to be useless. What a cruel world...
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Do you still think this is our fault?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 moseis 04.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' I don't care about that anymore.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 moseis 05.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' The Jnana Energy used to sustain this dream has all been transformed into monsters. This dream will soon collapse, and my consciousness along with it.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 moseis 06.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Let me disappear with Emira... I'd rather turn into dust than to ever wake up again.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It seems that everything that's happened is too much for him. He's lost all hope.
:{{DIcon}} I want to say that he's only getting what he deserves...
:{{DIcon}} But I can't help but also feel sorry for him.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I think seeing Emira turn into a monster was punishment enough for him.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' After comprehending the hollowness of the unreal, it's time to revisit the meaning of existence.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 moseis 07.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' Existence? Heh, I'm different from the others. I've long given up everything outside of my consciousness.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 09.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Using my knowledge of the Akasha, I have a way to extract your consciousness from here and put it inside a knowledge capsule.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The Akademiya has probably kept your body, so you should be able to wake up soon.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 moseis 08.ogg}} '''Moseis:''' No need... Just let me disappear. Reality means nothing to me now.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 11.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' This isn't compassion. I won't let you escape your punishment by simply disappearing.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 12.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' As for your life after that, it will be up to you how you want to exist.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 13.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Alright, Traveler and Paimon. We should go back.
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 14.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' We can finally wrap up this whole thing...
:;(Nahida turns to see a star fall from the sky)
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 15.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...Huh?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong, Nahida?
:{{A|vo nhdlq002 24 nahida 16.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Oh, nothing. Let's tell the people here to gather at "A Moment of Dreams" after they wake up.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial
|image1 = Tutorial Nahida All Schemes to Know 1.png
|text1  = Tapping Nahida's Elemental Skill, All Schemes to Know, allows her to hear the inner thoughts of those hit by the skill.
|image2 = Tutorial Nahida All Schemes to Know 2.png
|text2  = Hold Nahida's Elemental Skill, All Schemes to Know, to select a specific person to hear their inner thoughts.
|image3 = Tutorial Nahida All Schemes to Know 3.png
|text3  = There seem to be many within this dreamscape whose hearts cannot be read by "All Schemes to Know"...
}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/RIPm5fg5Fec
|caption1 = Dream of Falling Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Dream of Falling
|zhs     = 坠落之梦
|zhs_rm  = Zhuìluò zhī Mèng
|zht     = 墜落之夢
|zht_rm  = Zhuìluò zhī Mèng
|ja      = 墜落の夢
|ja_rm   = Tsuiraku no Yume
|ko      = 추락<->의 꿈
|es      = Sueño del caer
|fr      = Rêve de chute
|ru      = Сон о падении
|th      = ฝันอันร่วงหล่น
|th_rm   = Fan An Ruang-lon
|vi      = Giấc Mơ Sa Ngã
|de      = Traum des Fallens
|id      = Mimpi Kejatuhan
|pt      = Sonhos de Queda
|tr      = Düşüş Rüyası
|it      = Sogno della caduta
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

[[es:Sueño del caer]]
[[pt-br:Sonhos de Queda]]
[[th:ฝันอันร่วงหล่น]]