{{About|the World Quest series|the Forest Adventure Journal chapter and its completion requirements|Aranyaka (Gadget)#II: Dream Nursery}}
{{Act Infobox
|image          = World Quest The World of Aranara.png
|type           = World
|chapter        = Aranyaka
|actNum         = II
|actType        = Part
|prev           = Woodland Encounter
|next           = Nursery of Lost Dreams
}}
'''Dream Nursery''' is the second part of the [[Aranyaka]] [[World Quest]] series.

==Quests==
# [[The World of Aranara]]
# [[Children of the Forest]]
#* [[Encounter in the Woods]] and its following quests:
#** [[The Rhythm that Leads to the Gloomy Path]]
#** [[The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout]]
#** [[The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail]]
#* Required Quest Series:<ref group="Note">As quest series, they are not listed as child quests of ''[[Children of the Forest]]'' and are instead listed separately in the [[Quest]] menu.</ref>
#** [[Agnihotra Sutra]]
#** [[An Unwavering Culinary Dream]]
#** [[Varuna Gatha]] and its following quest:
#*** [[Sprouting Seedlings]]
#** [[Vimana Agama]]
# [[For A Better Reunion]]
# [[Festival Utsava]]
#* [[Delicious Riddle]]
#* [[Garden Fairies]]
#* [[Rishboland Tiger, Roaaar]]
#* [[Taste of Happiness]]

;Notes
{{Reflist|group=Note}}

==Summary==
===The World of Aranara===
[[Arana]] tells the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] that in order to reach [[Vanarana]], they'll need to play the Rhythm of the Great Dream to enter. However, Paimon is worried about [[Farewell, Archaic Lord|attracting Whopperflowers]], so the Traveler decides to get an instrument instead.

Returning to [[Vimara Village]], the Traveler talks to [[Amadhiah]] and acquire a [[Vintage Lyre|vintage lyre]] that he got from a bard from [[Mondstadt]] that visited the village. As they travel to Vanarana, Paimon summarizes the recent events. When they arrive, they find nothing except a strange arch and play the song, bringing them into the dream world and completing a challenge. They then run into an Aranara, who's naturally terrified of them. The Aranara then introduces itself as [[Arama]]. While they recognize them as the Golden Nara, the rest of the Aranara are still scared and thus Arama assigns them some tasks around Vanarana to gain their trust.

After completing the tasks, Arama has them play the song again on a [[Silapna]] to bring them into the Aranaras' home. Meeting with the village elder, [[Araja]], they learn that in order to produce a [[Bija]] to save [[Rana]], they would need to host a [[Festival Utsava]]. However, as many of the Aranara are not in the village, the festival can't start until they return and as such, the Traveler has to go get them.

===Children of the Forest===
The Traveler goes on an adventure with the Aranara by helping them in the various events that follow.

====Encounter in the Woods====
The dialogue in this quest serves as an introduction to the quests ''[[The Rhythm that Leads to the Gloomy Path]]'', ''[[The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout]]'', and ''[[The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail]]''.

====Agnihotra Sutra====
{{Transclude|Agnihotra Sutra|Summary}}

====An Unwavering Culinary Dream====
{{Transclude|An Unwavering Culinary Dream|Summary}}

====Varuna Gatha====
{{Transclude|Varuna Gatha|Summary}}

====Sprouting Seedlings====
After the events of [[Varuna Gatha]], [[Aranakula]] goes back to Vanarana to take care of the Vanarana nursery alongside [[Arakara]]. The Traveler and Paimon visit them, and they plant a [[Vasmrti]] into the soil to grow [[Viparyas]]. [[Aranakula]] tells the Traveler and Paimon that there are twelve more [[Vasmrti]] in [[Nursery|nurseries]] outside of the dream world.
<!--
====Vimana Agama====
{{Transclude|Vimana Agama|Summary}}
-->
===For A Better Reunion===
After helping the various members of Aranara, the Traveler and Paimon decide to return to check on Rana. The Traveler interacts with Rana and briefly enters the dream of Arana, who then appears and explains on the situation. She had previously placed the missing children into sleep and removed part of their memories before bringing them back to the village, which was why they had no recollection of what happened. Arana then mentions of a "child of snow" and reminisces about playing with the children, even if they will eventually forget about the Aranara when they grow up. Arama later arrives to fetch Traveler and Paimon to [[Festival Utsava]]. Arana stays behind to maintain the Ararakalari for Rana.

===Festival Utsava===
During the festival, the Traveler and Paimon visit many members of the Aranara and receive flowers from each of them, with the flowers serving as a symbol of friendship. Everyone then gathers around the stage to perform the [[Vintage Lyre|Rhythm of the Great Dream]] together. At the end of the festival, [[Arama]] weaves the flowers together into a [[Garland|garland]] for the Traveler, while [[Araja]] reveals that he cannot leave Vanarana's dream because he is the "Tree of Dreams". The Traveler and Paimon then take a rest at Araja's house before they and Arama leave [[Vanarana]] to offer the [[Vasoma Fruit]]s at the [[Fane of Ashvattha]] to obtain [[Bija]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dream Nursery
|zhs     = 梦中的苗圃
|zhs_rm  = Mèng Zhōng de Miáopǔ
|zht     = 夢中的苗圃
|zht_rm  = Mèng Zhōng de Miáopǔ
|zh_tl   = Nursery in a Dream
|ja      = 夢の苗畑
|ja_rm   = Yume no Naebatake
|ja_tl   = Dream Seedlings Field
|ko      = 꿈속의 모밭
|ko_rm   = Kkumsok-ui Mobat
|ko_tl   = Seedlings Field of Dream
|es      = El jardín onírico
|es_tl   = The Dreamlike Garden
|fr      = Pépinière dans un rêve
|fr_tl   = Nursery in a Dream
|ru      = Питомник грёз
|ru_tl   = Nursery of Dreams
|th      = สวนเพาะชำในความฝัน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vườn Trong Mơ
|vi_tl   = Garden in a Dream
|de      = Baumschule im Traum
|de_tl   = Nursery in the Dream
|id      = Kebun Bibit di Dalam Mimpi
|id_tl   = Seed Farm Inside a Dream
|pt      = Sementeira dos Sonhos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Düş Fideliği
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Vivaio dei sogni
|it_tl   = Nursery of Dreams
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:El jardín onírico]]
[[ru:Питомник грёз]]