{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest Dreams in the Gaps.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Enkanomiya
|subarea       = The Narrows
|chapter       = From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku
|summary       = The Traveler and Paimon visit The Narrows to retrieve a fragment of the Reins of Revival.
|startLocation = [[The Narrows]], [[Enkanomiya]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent
|next          = The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent
|characters    = Traveler
}}
'''''Dreams in the Gaps''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Enkanomiya]]. It is part of the [[From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku]] quest series.

==Steps==
{{Quest Description|You decide to head to The Narrows of Ouroboros to search for the fragment of the Reins of Revival.}}
# Go to [[The Narrows]]
# Activate the mechanism and open the gate to the secret room
# Investigate the secret room
# Obtain the fragment of the [[Reins of Revival Fragment (The Narrows)|Reins of Revival]]

==Walkthrough==
# Switch navigation from [[The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent]] to this quest if in the quest menu.
# Go to the [[Teleport Waypoint]] nearest to the navigation target.
# Jump down to an entrance near the waterfall.
# Use the nearby mechanism to switch to [[Evernight]] if not already done.
# Hit the [[Triangular Mechanism]] to open the doorway to the left and enter the secret room.
# There is a Seelie at a dead-end. Follow the Seelie up by climbing the wall and through a crack in the ceiling.
# Use the [[Places of Essence Worship]] to receive energy to activate and use the nearby mechanism when switched in [[Whitenight]].
# Open the chest to obtain the fragment.

===Post-Quest===
# After completing the quest, hit the Triangular Mechanism to open another room and obtain an Exquisite Chest.
# Follow the Seelie to open a hidden window and unlock a Common Chest.

After completing this quest, proceed to [[The Trail of Drake and Serpent]] and [[The Heart of Ouroboros]] to collect the other two fragments. If all three fragments have been gathered, continue with part 3 of [[The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent]].

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/umu6WIDh024?t=1013
|caption1 = Dreams in the Gaps Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dreams in the Gaps
|zhs     = 缝隙间的梦
|zhs_rm  = Fèngxì Jiān de Mèng
|zht     = 縫隙間的夢
|zht_rm  = Fèngxì Jiān de Mèng
|zh_tl   = Dreams in the Gap
|ja      = 隙間の夢
|ja_rm   = Sukima no Yume
|ja_tl   = Dream of the Gaps
|ko      = 틈새의 꿈
|ko_rm   = Teumsae-ui Kkum
|ko_tl   = Dream in the Gap
|es      = Sueños entre las grietas
|es_tl   = Dreams Among the Cracks
|fr      = Rêves parmi les failles
|fr_tl   = Dreams Among the {{w|Fault (geology)|Faults}}
|ru      = Сновидения в Улочках
|ru_tl   = Dreams in the Side-Streets
|th      = ความฝันในรอยแยก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Giấc Mộng Của Kẽ Hở
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Träume in den Spalten
|de_tl   = Dreams in the Gaps
|id      = Mimpi di Antara Celah
|id_tl   = Dreams Between the Gaps
|pt      = Sonhos Entre as Fissuras
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Boşluklar Arasındaki Rüyalar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sogni frammentari
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}
[[es:Sueños entre las grietas]]