{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Tapirus Somniator Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Tapirus Somniator Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Yumemizuki Mizuki
|ARReq          = 40
|archonQuestReq = [[Chapter II]]: Act III - [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]]
|storyQuestReq  = [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act II - [[Transient Dreams]]
}}
{{Description|According to Inazuman folklore, as the day wanes and eyelids grow heavy, a chubby little creature may visit those blessed by fortune. Should this happen, you'd best set aside whatever it is you're doing and go to sleep immediately, for this cute critter is a baku — a [[youkai]] who feeds on nightmares.<br>The current inhabitants of [[Inazuma]], however, need not be particularly well-blessed to rid themselves of unpleasant dreams. All they need do is book an appointment at the [[Aisa Bathhouse]] in [[Inazuma City]]. Rumor has it that each of the bathhouse's therapists is a baku in the guise of a young woman, and that they have helped many a nightmare-plagued patient find release from their troubles.<br>Nevertheless, the once-flourishing Aisa Bathhouse appears to be facing a financial crisis. To understand why, you must first rest your weary head and seek an encounter in the realm of dreams...}}
'''''Dream Eater's Melancholia''''' is the first act of [[Yumemizuki Mizuki]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Tapirus Somniator Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed {{Quest|Omnipresence Over Mortals;Transient Dreams|showType=0}} and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40.

During the Story Quest, the [[Traveler]] helps Mizuki with an issue regarding the Aisa Bathhouse, only to be dragged into a deeper plot by an eldritch yokai.

==List of Quests==
# [[Encounter in the Realm of Dreams]]
# [[Crisis at the Aisa Bathhouse]]
# [[A Deceit Called Happiness]]
# [[Descendant of Nightmares]]
# [[Afterword (Dream Eater's Melancholia)|Afterword]]

==Summary==
;Encounter in the Realm of Dreams
During a night walk in Inazuma, a mysterious floating youkai approached the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]]. Curious, they follow it and find a woman sitting alone by the shore. The moment they make eye contact, a crowd suddenly appears, lining up to see her. As the Traveler and Paimon try to help the agitated woman, she suddenly looks satisfied, as if she just ate something delicious. Realizing there are uninvited guests, the woman promptly gets them out of her dream. Introducing herself as [[Yumemizuki Mizuki]] and a [[yumekui-baku]] &mdash; a [[youkai]] that feasts on dreams and nightmares &mdash; and the [[Little Baku|floating youkai from earlier]] as her companion. She explains that they accidentally entered her dream while she was digesting her patients' nightmares. She quickly apologizes for consuming the Traveler's good dream and worries if it affected their mental state, but they reassure her that they're fine. As an apology, Mizuki offers them a VIP pass for the [[Aisa Bathhouse]] and invites them to visit.
----
;Crisis at the Aisa Bathhouse
Arriving at the Aisa Bathhouse, the Traveler and Paimon is greeted by an excited [[Aikawa Susumu]]. He briefly explains that Mizuki is a responsible clinical psychologist and that she is also the major shareholder and investor of the bathhouse. Despite Mizuki's help, the bathhouse is currently struggling financially. Entering the bathhouse, they are greeted by two baku staff, [[Hyakujitsuhaku Shion]] and [[Shiba Murasaki]]. To get the Traveler and Paimon stated with the VIP treatment, Mizuki recommends them to try one-on-one psychological consultancy to get their bad dreams eaten. Mizuki assigns Paimon to Shion, who uses food in her therapeutic approach. She later admitted to Traveler that she wants to personally treat them because she is interested on their unique psychology. Mizuki invites the Traveler to another room to start the therapy.

After some time in treatment, the Traveler is asked to relax and close their eyes. In their subconscious, shadowy figures of themselves appear. As Mizuki thoroughly inspects and consumes their nightmares, she instructs the Traveler not to look back and keep following her voice. When the therapy session ends, the Traveler wakes up. Mizuki explains that the Traveler was in a deep sleep and it is expected that she will feel drowsy. Paimon returns, and Mizuki explains that while she found overwhelming negative emotions, there were no bad dreams. She then invites the Traveler and Paimon to the hot springs.

During the bath, [[Yae Miko]] arrives at the bathhouse and reveals she was friends with Mizuki before becoming a Guuji. Miko tries to urge Mizuki to sell her struggling bathhouse's shares and invest in [[Yae Publishing House]] instead. She also warns that [[Emura Chuuya|Emura Ichigensai]] is starting his own psychotherapy services and promising a better result than Aisa Bathhouse. Refusing to hear any of Miko's advice, Miko quickly leaves the bathhouse. Curious about Emura's methods, Paimon asks Mizuki about him. Mizuki explains that he is a mysterious man who intentionally avoids her. The Traveler and Paimon decide to investigate the location Miko mentioned.

They arrive at the clinic and discover that they must pay first, take a number, and wait. While waiting, they chat with [[Susukida]] and [[Umihiko]], who praise Emura Ichigensai for taking all their problems away and leaving only happy thoughts. They call Aisa Bathhouse a scam, enraging Paimon. The Traveler fell asleep during the wait and experiences a nightmare of an eye that attacks her. After a long wait, Paimon wakes them, but just as their number is called, the clinic closes for the day. Frustrated, they return to Mizuki with little information.

At Aisa Bathhouse, the baku are shocked by Emura Ichigensai's claims, which they seen as nearly impossible. As Paimon recounts Umihiko's story of Emura Ichigensai's past, Shion recognizes it and suspects Emura Ichigensai is actually Emura Chuuya, a former patient with a terrible temper. He was blacklisted by Murasaki after demanding Shion to free him of all his troubles while Mizuki is gone. Suddenly, to everyone's surprise, Susukida and Umihiko arrive to book a therapy session despite their earlier insults. While Shion and Murasaki tend to them, Mizuki invites the Traveler and Paimon for a hot spring bath and snacks to complete their VIP experience. Afterwards, as they plan their next appointment, Mizuki is nowhere to be found. Aikawa Susumu explains that she usually disappears in the evening. Paimon suggests looking at the place where they first met her. There, they find Mizuki crying. She explains that it is the final stage of digestion process where she feels every negative emotions from the nightmares she ate. She confides in the Traveler, grateful for their support. Before they part, she asks them to meet her early tomorrow to book their next appointment.
----
;A Deceit Called Happiness
The Traveler and Paimon arrives at Aisa Bathhouse for their next appointment, but they found Shion and Murasaki in pain. Mizuki explains that it is a case of extreme indigestion and suspects that something is wrong with Susukida and Umihiko's nightmares. Mizuki has to find both of them to figure out of their nightmares in order to treat Shion and Murasaki, she asks the Traveler to help her track them down.

Finding Susukida and Umihiko at Emura Ichigensai's clinic, they are only showing happy emotions. After realizing that they have no memories of their visit to Aisa Bathhouse, Mizuki promptly enters their subconscious minds and realized that their troubles were never gone, it was only isolated from their conscious minds and will continue to fester. She asks the Traveler and they noticed anything strange yesterday, and they recounts it to Mizuki. Horrified, Mizuki deduces that an inhuman force is responsible and they have to stop Emura Ichigensai immediately. Susukida and Umihiko reveals that Emura Ichigensai is not coming today. Mizuki decides to return to Aisa Bathhouse to treat Murasaki and Shion, while the Traveler and Paimon decide to track Emura Ichigensai. The Traveler and Paimon choose to meet Miko to get more information.

At the Grand Narukami Shrine, they find Miko. She is disappointed that they cannot find Emura Ichigensai despite her "not-so-subtle hint". But after Paimon mentions Emura Chuuya, Miko gives them an address to his supposed home. She adds that despite her attitude to Mizuki yesterday, Miko is indeed worried of her but she will still respect her boundaries. Miko requests the Traveler to not tell Mizuki that they got his address from her.
----
;Descendant of Nightmares
After obtaining Emura Chuuya's address, Mizuki meets the Traveler and Paimon outside his residence. As they head inside, they are ambushed by monsters before finally finding Emura Chuuya. Mizuki tries to reason with him, but he remains in denial and convinced that he is already healed. After failing to convince him, Mizuki reveals the truth that they are inside his nightmare, and the enemies they encountered are manifestations of his suppressed negative emotions. At last, the entity possessing Emura Chuuya emerges from him and it is the same eye from the Traveler's nightmare. Mizuki identifies it as a nightmare monster, the natural enemy of yumekui-baku as they resides in nightmares. The youkai introduces himself as Kuroyume, who is the last of his kind. Before they can stop him, he escapes, having already found a way to revive his kind.

Tracking him, they suddenly plunge into a vast mist as they approach Emura Chuuya. Upon surviving the fall and landing in the subconscious layer of his dream, Mizuki explains that they must find the "light" to escape. As they navigate his nightmare, they witness fragments of his past; rejection by his father for aspiring to be a writer and from his classmates. After Mizuki makes him opens up to his mother in the last fragment, Mizuki is finally able to consume his nightmares. Kuroyume appears again and he brings them into the borderland, a hidden space deep within Inazuma's collective subconscious; as well as his hideout to survive his kind's extinction.

Determined to stop him, they gather lost sweet dreams along the way to rival his power. In the final arena, they engage him in battle. Despite their efforts, the sweet dreams prove insufficient and they run out of it. Kuroyume still grows stronger, while Mizuki is nearly succumbed to the nightmare's power. In a last-ditch effort, the Traveler offers their own sweet dream to Mizuki, restoring her strength. Together, they strike back, finally wounding Kuroyume but he remains alive. Paimon suddenly hears water. Mizuki realizes Emura Chuuya is somewhere underwater and Kuroyume is currently drowning him in the real world, which mean they must wake up immediately. As the only way to do so is jumping, she asks them to close their eyes, hold her hand, and jump together.

The Traveler and Paimon wakes up underwater as Mizuki reaches them and flies off into the sky together. When they witnessed [[Narukami Island]] is full of nightmare bubbles, Mizuki summoned many of her yumekui-baku kins to consume all of the nightmares. As Paimon stayed behind to watch the baku, the Traveler and Mizuki landed on a tree and spend the night watching the moon together. Paimon eventually find them and wants to book another appointment to Mizuki, which Mizuki replied to ask her again tomorrow.

The Traveler and Paimon wake up underwater, but Mizuki reaches them just in time and lifting them into the sky. As they fly together, they see Narukami Island covered in nightmare bubbles. Mizuki summons her fellow yumekui-baku to consume the nightmares. While Paimon stays behind to watch the baku, the Traveler and Mizuki land on a tree, spending the night together watching the moon. Eventually, Paimon finds them and asks to book another appointment. Mizuki tells her to ask again tomorrow.
----
;Afterword
The next day, the Traveler and Paimon visit Aisa Bathhouse once again. With Emura Chuuya no longer posing a threat, business has returned to normal. Shion and Murasaki, now recovered from their indigestion, are busy tending to patients. Mizuki greets them and offers another VIP pass in gratitude for their help in saving the bathhouse. Soon after, Miko arrives to share a news; Emura Chuuya has been rescued from the water and is no longer in critical condition, but his mind has regressed to that of a young child. To Miko’s surprise, Mizuki sincerely thanks her for her help. She admits to feeling inferior to Miko, but those very feelings have given her the strength to persevere. Miko, in turn, admits that if she hadn't been concerned about upsetting Mizuki, she would have taken a more direct approach despite being a Guuji. Mizuki then hands the Traveler and Paimon their VIP pass.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Dream Eater's Melancholia
|zhs      = 食梦者的忧郁
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 食夢者的憂鬱
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 夢喰いし者の憂鬱
|ja_rm    = Yumekuishi Mono no Yuutsu
|ja_tl    = Dream Eater's Melancholy
|ko       = 꿈을 먹는 자의 우울
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = La melancolía de una baku
|es_tl    = A Baku's Melancholy
|fr       = Mélancolie d'une mangeuse de rêves
|fr_tl    = A Dream Eater's Melancholia
|ru       = Меланхолия поедательницы снов
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ความเศร้าโศกของผู้กินความฝัน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Phiền Não Của Người Ăn Mộng
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Die Traurigkeit der Traumesser
|de_tl    = The Dream Eater's Sadness
|id       = Kemelankolisan Pelahap Mimpi
|id_tl    = Dream Eater's Melancholy
|pt       = Melancolia da Devoradora de Sonhos
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Rüya Yiyenin Melankolisi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Malinconia della mangiasogni
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.4}}

[[vi:Phiền Não Của Người Ăn Mộng]]