{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13015
|image         = Story Quest Dream of Farewell.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Sapientia Oromasdis Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = Lingering Warmth
|character     = Nahida
|startLocation = [[The Akademiya]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = Dream of Falling
|next          = Where Lies the Path Home
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*425;Primogem*60;Mora*27,825;Guide to Ingenuity*5;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|characters    = Debbi; Haydar; Ilman; Inas; Kathya; Kian; Nahida; Nasser; Paimon; Pedrush; Sitt; Thana; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Dream of Farewell''''' is the third and final part of {{Quest|Lingering Warmth}}.

==Steps==
# Inform A Moment of Dreams' participants of the situation
# Deliver the knowledge capsule containing Moseis' consciousness to the Akademiya
# Return to "A Moment of Dreams"
# Meet Nahida at the plaza

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The artificial dream failed to erase suffering but instead created a sweet illusion. It has gone out of control and eventually collapsed. Everyone has now returned to reality with mixed feelings...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 1 pedrush 01.ogg}} '''Pedrush:''' Oh, great. You're awake!
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 1 pedrush 02.ogg}} '''Pedrush:''' Everybody has started to wake up, and we've heard similar reports from around the city as well.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 1 pedrush 03.ogg}} '''Pedrush:''' From the looks of it, you were able to successfully resolve the issue!
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 1 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes, although it took us a good deal of effort.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 1 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' There will be many people gathering here shortly, so please do your best to maintain order.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 1 nahida 03a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo nhdlq003 1 nahida 03b.ogg}}--> '''Nahida:''' I need to go to the Akademiya with them now, but we'll be back soon.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are we going to ask about that scholar?
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 2 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes, but it may take some time for him to wake up after his consciousness returns to his body.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 2 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' We can leave the rest to the matra.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on [[Debbi]], optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 debbi 01.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' (The Traveler and the Dendro Archon must have done something deep inside the dream.)

;(Talk to Debbi, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 debbi 01.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' I felt a violent tremor somewhere deep within my dream, and then I woke up.
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 debbi 02.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' I guess we'll all wake up from our dreams sooner or later...

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on [[Nasser]], optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 nasser 01.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' (That's our Dendro Archon. I have to say, I'm very impressed.)

;(Talk to Nasser, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 nasser 01.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' They all started waking up around the same time. That's pretty amazing!

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on [[Pedrush]], optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 5 pedrush 01.ogg}} '''Pedrush:''' (Finally, it's over... It all went perfectly, but it was way too tiring, ugh...)

;(Talk to Pedrush, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 pedrush 01.ogg}} '''Pedrush:''' I'm really glad I reached out to you earlier. Otherwise, we wouldn't have been able to handle this situation on our own.
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You did a great job as well.
----
;(Approach [[Sitt]] at the Akademiya)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 sitt 01.ogg}} '''Sitt:''' Oh, it's the great Dendro Archon. How can I help you?
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I would like to check the registration records of a Kshahrewar scholar. He should be in an unconscious state right now.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 sitt 02.ogg}} '''Sitt:''' Okay, just a moment.
:{{Black Screen|After a while...}}
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 sitt 03.ogg}} '''Sitt:''' Sorry to keep you waiting, Dendro Archon. We have confirmed that there's a scholar named Beynuni who's been unconscious for a while. The cause was improper operation of the Akasha.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 sitt 04.ogg}} '''Sitt:''' He hasn't regained consciousness yet, and is still receiving treatment at Bimarstan.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Isn't his name Moseis?
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I guess he didn't want to be recognized or bothered by anyone.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Please give the knowledge stored in this to the matra, and ask them to import it into Beynuni's brain.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 sitt 05.ogg}} '''Sitt:''' Understood, but for safety reasons, I need to know why.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It's simple: This contains his consciousness. It's long been trapped inside of a dream.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' He's committed an act that affected the safety of Sumeru. After he wakes up, I'll inform the [[Cyno|General Mahamatra]] of all the details.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 sitt 06.ogg}} '''Sitt:''' I see. I'll take care of this right away. Thank you, great Dendro Archon.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Mm-hmm. No problem.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 3 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Alright, everyone should have gathered at "A Moment of Dreams" by now. Let's head back.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Sitt)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 sitt 01.ogg}} '''Sitt:''' (I've gotta be careful not to slip up with my work, especially in front of someone as important as the Dendro Archon.)

;(Talk to Sitt, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 sitt 01.ogg}} '''Sitt:''' I'll take care of it as soon as possible. Don't worry.
----
;(Approach "A Moment of Dreams")
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's be quiet and just listen in.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' I wonder what she's going to say.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hello, all of you who have just woken up.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm sorry for interrupting your beautiful dreams. I may have acted a little cold when handling things in the dream. I sincerely apologize for that.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Dreams have amazing power. They inspire us to remain resolute in the face of adversity, and help those with aspirations achieve their desires.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But dreams also have the potential to exploit people, confuse the senses, and distort the truth. Unfortunately, you were all chosen as prey for an elaborate scheme.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' As I've said before, I'm still learning, and cannot fully empathize with the pain of all the loss you've experienced.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But just take a good look around you, and you'll see many other people who have had similar experiences.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You should be proud that you've been able to gather here and look toward the future together.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The path of life is long, and it's hard for us to see the destination. This leads us to ask a lot of difficult questions...
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 09.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' What's the meaning of life? What's the purpose of my existence? Why do I keep experiencing pain and loss?
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' *sigh* Of course, the most comfortable choice is to stop progressing, give up thinking, and just keep repeating whatever you're already familiar with.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 11.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Whenever you have such thoughts, just look at the people and things around you.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 12.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Some people work hard all day so that their families can have a hot meal on the table at night.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 13.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Some people travel all over the world in order to create art that resonates with all of Teyvat.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 14.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Some venture in search of the world's secrets to prevent rapidly approaching, yet still unknown, world-shattering catastrophes.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 15.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Life is not just about yourself. Each and every one of your actions shapes you and the world around you.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 16.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' *sigh* Look, friends and family will remember what you've done, and even some people you've never met may benefit from your actions.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 17.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Therefore, many people will strive forward to forge new paths, even if they have to endure great pain to do so.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 18.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Once you begin your journey on that same difficult yet rewarding path, you'll come to know the answers to those big, existential questions, yet they will no longer feel as life-defining as they did before.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 19.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But if you were to believe that life is nothing but an empty, ephemeral dream, then that's also the only thing it'll ever become.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 20.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You are free to choose how you want to live your lives, but as your archon, I should first make this information known to everyone.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 4 nahida 21.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' In the end, it's up to you whether you want to embrace a beautiful dream at the cost of your real life.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nahida said she wanted to speak with us alone.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It seems like she went to the plaza in front of the Akademiya.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on [[Debbi]], optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 5 debbi 01.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' (Should we celebrate and go eat something special?)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on [[Nasser]], optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 5 nasser 01.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' (I should buy her a drink later.)

;(Talk to Debbi and Nasser, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 debbi 03.ogg}} '''Debbi:''' I discovered that Nasser and I get along pretty well. We both have pretty straightforward personalities.
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 nasser 02.ogg}} '''Nasser:''' It also turns out we both disagreed with the Dendro Archon. One in real life and one in the dream, haha.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on [[Haydar]], optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 5 haydar 01.ogg}} '''Haydar:''' (Dad is the best!)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on [[Ilman]], optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 5 ilman 01.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' (I'm so lucky Haydar wasn't hurt...)

;(Talk to Ilman or Haydar, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 ilman 01.ogg}} '''Ilman:''' Thank you for rescuing me. I'm really sorry. Luckily, Haydar wasn't injured because of my stupid mistake...
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 haydar 01.ogg}} '''Haydar:''' Dad said you're amazing. You're real heroes, thank you!

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on [[Inas]], optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 5 inas 01.ogg}} '''Inas:''' (I guess it'll take some time for me to get used to my new life, but that's fine with me.)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on [[Thana]], optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 5 thana 01.ogg}} '''Thana:''' (I'm so happy I've finally found a place to stay.)

;(Talk to Inas or Thana, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 inas 01.ogg}} '''Inas:''' Since we were neighbors in the dream, how about we rent a place together?
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 thana 01.ogg}} '''Thana:''' Sounds good. I can't afford a house on my own anyway... But I'm sure life will get better.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on [[Kathya]], optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 5 kathya 01.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' (All this time, I never realized that this is what Professor Aisha wanted... How did I not see it earlier?)

;(Talk to Kathya, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 kathya 01.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' I'm getting ready to go on an adventure, and I'm taking this plant with me.
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 kathya 02.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' I shouldn't just sit here waiting for her to come back. Professor Aisha was so determined to explore those secrets, so I should go take a look, too.
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 kathya 03.ogg}} '''Kathya:''' Thank you. May we meet again in the future.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on [[Kian]], optional)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 5 kian 01.ogg}} '''Kian:''' (So dizzy... I think I'm about to lose my lunch.)

;(Talk to Kian, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog nhdlq003 kian 01.ogg}} '''Kian:''' I'm still a little dizzy from sleeping so long... Just give me a moment here...
----
;(Approach Nahida, who is looking out to the east at the growing light of the coming dawn)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're amazing, Nahida! Even Paimon was nearly won over by that scholar in that dream.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Well, he's very good at manipulating the weaknesses of human nature, but perhaps he himself had fallen prisoner to them long ago.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' That dream was incredibly beautiful and enticing. Ordinary people couldn't see through it, and easily lost themselves within it.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But as long as you can still wake up, you can still move forward with your life.
:{{DIcon}} You've also learned a lot, Nahida.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Huh? What makes you say that?
:{{DIcon}} You can really empathize with others now.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right! You said that you didn't understand human feelings, but we saw how considerate you were with all these people.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your speech just now really connected with everyone. You did a good job!
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Thank you. I've heard a lot of sad stories along this journey, and several of them have touched my heart.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You can't say that the victims of the dream really did anything wrong, and what they wanted was also not unreasonable...
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' That's why I could understand them when they tried to resist us and protect the dream.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But all of my understanding and stirred feelings probably can't even account for even one percent of the pain they've experienced.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 09.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I don't think this "one percent" can be seen as an example of what you call empathy.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're too hard on yourself that's for sure.
:{{DIcon}} Nobody is capable of having absolute empathy.
:{{DIcon}} You should be a little more confident in yourself.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hehe, alright. I suppose going out into the world will help my confidence grow.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 11.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I've learned that emotions are nothing like knowledge, and that's why it's hard for me to put them into words sometimes.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 12.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Beynuni, or "Moseis," said that I had never personally felt the pain of loss, but I have a vague feeling that this isn't true.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 13.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The moment I entered the dream, I felt like I was wrapped in a blanket of warm feelings.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 14.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It was so warm that it felt like I had returned to the start of my life, and I didn't want to wake up anymore.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Huh... Did she see something in the dream, too?)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 15.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But when I opened my eyes, the feeling was gone without a trace.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 16.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' If I have to make an analogy for it, I would say I can no longer see words on a piece of paper after they have been erased, but I can still see the slight indentations of where the words had been written.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 17.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But now that I've experienced this dream... I think I can say with confidence that I won't dwell too much on the meaning of that warmth.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 18.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' It's enough that I can tell I was once supported by that warmth, and its existence has allowed me to get to where I am today.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 19.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' If I dwell too much on its exact nature, I would be putting the cart before the horse.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 20.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I gave a speech to inspire my people, so if I were to fail to live up to those words myself, then that would be too embarrassing, hehe.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Greater Lord Rukkhadevata has already shaped Nahida through her actions.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Even if she has been forgotten, Nahida's mind and willpower are the proof that she once existed.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Instead of telling her the truth, I should respect their decisions.)
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what's with that serious look?
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 21.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You keep looking like there's something you want to say. Is there anything you want to tell me?
:{{DIcon}} Uh, I forgot what I wanted to say.
:{{DIcon}} Nah, it's not important.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 22.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hehe, okay.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 23.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Since we just woke up, let's stretch a little bit.
:{{A|vo nhdlq003 6 nahida 24.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' A new day is about to begin.
:;(Nahida looks back out towards the horizon as the sun begins to rise)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dream of Farewell
|zhs     = 告别之梦
|zhs_rm  = Gàobié zhī Mèng
|zht     = 告別之夢
|zht_rm  = Gàobié zhī Mèng
|zh_tl   = Dream of Farewell
|ja      = 別れの夢
|ja_rm   = Wakare no Yume
|ja_tl   = Dream of Farewell
|ko      = 고별<->의 꿈
|ko_tl   = Dream of Farewell
|es      = El sueño de la despedida
|es_tl   = Dream of Farewell
|fr      = Rêve d'adieu
|fr_tl   = Dream of Farewell
|ru      = Сон о прощании
|ru_tl   = Dream of Farewell
|th      = ฝันแห่งการบอกลา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Giấc Mơ Cáo Biệt
|vi_tl   = Farewell Dream
|de      = Traum des Abschieds
|de_tl   = Dream of Farewell
|id      = Mimpi Perpisahan
|id_tl   = Dream of Farewell
|pt      = Sonho de Despedida
|pt_tl   = Dream of Farewell
|tr      = Veda Rüyası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sogno dell'addio
|it_tl   = Dream of Farewell
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

[[es:El sueño de la despedida]]
[[th:ฝันแห่งการบอกลา]]