{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|title         = Dreams of Bloom
|image         = World Quest Dreams of Bloom.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Dreams of Bloom
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Ritou Escape Plan]]
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|other         = *Unlocks [[Dreams of Bloom]] Event
|next          = 
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|characters    = Sakuya; Traveler
}}
'''''Dreams of Bloom''''' is an Event Quest that unlocks the [[Dreams of Bloom]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Sakuya]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Something seems to be troubling Sakuya the florist...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Sakuya)
:'''Sakuya:''' Hello there! How would you like to grow some flowers of your very own?
:{{DIcon}} What sort of flowers?
:'''Sakuya:''' Oh, interested, are we? Don't worry about not understanding everything at first, let me explain it to you in brief.
:'''Sakuya:''' My name is Sakuya, and I'm a gardener who also runs a little business regarding flowers on the side.
:'''Sakuya:''' Well, I call it a business, but really, I just send people flowers most of the time, or I help some store with ikebana...
:{{DIcon}} What's ikebana?
:'''Sakuya:''' Oh, you're not familiar? Ikebana is a very important art in Inazuma.
:'''Sakuya:''' In simple terms, you can consider ikebana the act of carefully cutting and processing flowers and other plants before arranging them in a suitable fashion...
:'''Sakuya:''' In specific, however, you need to take care to grasp the current state of the plants and trim the less presentable parts of them away...
:'''Sakuya:''' Moreover, your arrangement and placement must be suited to their environment, even down to the angle at which the flowers extend outward...
:'''Sakuya:''' These details must be given fastidious consideration, and can be a cumbersome process indeed.
:'''Sakuya:''' Even for someone who loves ikebana like me, it is a most tiring job...
:'''Sakuya:''' I used to have a storefront in the city, but the streets were far too noisy for me to concentrate on my work.
:'''Sakuya:''' So I closed the shop, and now I just receive customers next to my flower field.
:'''Sakuya:''' It's a quieter spot for sure, though I do get less business...
:'''Sakuya:''' Which is why I've specially devised a promotion plan to advertise my shop, "Sakuya's Flowers."
:'''Sakuya:''' I call this plan... "Dreams of Bloom"!
:{{DIcon}} And what does this plan entail, exactly?
:'''Sakuya:''' Specifically, it is about allowing customers to grow their own flowers and then create their own unique flower arrangements.
:'''Sakuya:''' If you're interested in giving it a try, just let me know. Growing and arranging flowers are both very interesting indeed, you know?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|Dreams of Bloom|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

[[es:Flores de ensueño (misión)]]
[[pt-br:Sonhos de Florescimento (Missão)]]
[[ru:Цветущие мечты (задание)]]