{{Item Infobox
|id           = 101699
|image        = Item Dream Sakura.png
|type         = Quest Items
|rarity       = 4
|description  = You held a single sakura petal in your hand before leaving [[Raiden Makoto]]'s realm of consciousness.<br />Its existence is a mystery. It appears no different from ordinary sakura {{sic|pedals}}, and there it silently sits in your storage just like any of the others. But you can no longer touch it, nor can you feel its weight or warmth. When an object loses any of the attributes that one would normally ascribe to it, how can its "existence" be proven for sure?<br />As you think back on the many sights the petal must have witnessed in the past, a certain guess comes to mind: that which sustains this sakura petal's existence must be someone's will.<br />But as to who this person is, and whether they are intentionally or unintentionally keeping this petal in existence, neither can be known. Nor can you prove whether that willpower is one derived from yearning, trust, or gratitude.<br />Perhaps, when "that person's will" changes, so too will this sakura petal disappear.<br />Just to be safe, it might be best to check back from time to time and see if it still exists.
|source1      = Complete [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act II: [[Transient Dreams]].
}}
'''Dream Sakura''' is a quest item obtained after completing [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act II: [[Transient Dreams]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dream Sakura
|zhs     = 梦樱
|zhs_rm  = Mèng Yīng
|zht     = 夢櫻
|zht_rm  = Mèng Yīng
|zh_tl   = Dream Sakura
|ja      = 夢櫻
|ja_rm   = Yumezakura{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Dream Sakura
|ko      = 꿈의 벚나무
|ko_rm   = Kkum-ui Beotnamu
|ko_tl   = Cherry Tree Of Dream
|es      = Flor de cerezo onírica
|es_tl   = Oneiric Cherry Flower
|fr      = Sakura onirique
|fr_tl   = Oneiric Sakura
|ru      = Сакура грёз
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Dream Sakura
|vi      = Anh Đào Mơ Mộng
|vi_tl   = Cherry Tree Of Dream
|de      = Traum-Sakura
|de_tl   = Dream Sakura
|id      = Sakura Mimpi
|id_tl   = Dream Sakura
|pt      = Sakura do Sonho
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[es:Flor de cerezo onírica]]