{{EventTabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Dreams of Bloom
|image             = Dreams of Bloom.png
|type              = In-Game
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-11-12 10:00:00
|time_end          = 2021-11-18 03:59:59
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/16809
|link2             = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/17033
}}
{{Description|The [[Inazuma]]n florist [[Sakuya]] wants to promote her shop, "Sakuya's Flowers," so she is organizing a new promotional activity...}}
'''Dreams of Bloom''' is an event from [[Version 2.2]].

==Event Details==
===Duration===
* Seed Exchange Duration: 2021/11/12 10:00 - 2021/11/18 03:59
* Flower Exchange Duration: 2021/11/12 10:00 - 2021/11/22 03:59

===Requirements===
* [[Adventure Rank]] 30 or above
* Unlock the [[Serenitea Pot]]
* Complete the Archon Quest "[[Ritou Escape Plan]]"

===Summary===
* The "Dreams of Bloom" event lasts for ten days. For the first six days, you can exchange for Dreambloom seeds from Sakuya's Flowers.
* You can then plant Dreambloom seeds in A Path of Value: Luxuriant Glebe in the Serenitea Pot. After a period of time, these seeds will grow into Dreamblooms with random colors.
* During the event, Travelers can use the Flower Stand Furnishings around "Sakuya's Flowers" to preview the arrangement effects of Dreambloom, or use the Flower Stand Furnishing of their choice from "Sakuya's Special Gardening Package" to create their own flower arrangement in the Serenitea Pot.
* During the event, you can set up Dreambloom requests via your "Wishlist" and ask for Dreamblooms from your friends.
* After completing the series of quests, you can choose one Flower Stand Furnishing from each of the three Sakuya's Special Gardening Packages obtained and obtain rewards such as Dreamblooms, Primogems, Character Level-Up Materials, Hero's Wit, Mystic Enhancement Ore, and Mora.
* After the event ends, you can still arrange Dreamblooms freely in your obtained Flower Stand Furnishing and display them in your Serenitea Pot, but the appearance of the Flower Stand Furnishing can no longer be switched.

==Dreamblooms==
Plant Dreambloom flower seeds into [[A Path of Value: Luxuriant Glebe]], and after a while, these seeds will grow into Dreambloom flowers which can be collected. The Dreambloom seed takes 10 minutes to grow. Each Dreambloom flower seed type can grow into different colors:
*{{Item|Dreambloom: Star Hibiscus Seed}}
**{{Item|Spring Dew Star Hibiscus}}
**{{Item|Autumn Star Hibiscus}}
**{{Item|Violet Silk Star Hibiscus}}
*{{Item|Dreambloom: Pearbell Seed}}
**{{Item|Fluorescent Pearbell}}
**{{Item|Sandbank Lotus Pearbell}}
**{{Item|Greenhat Pearbell}}
*{{Item|Dreambloom: Silkpod Seed}}
**{{Item|Dawnrouge Silkpod}}
**{{Item|Twilight Silkpod}}
**{{Item|Noontide Silkpod}}

===Seed Exchange===
{| class="article-table"
! Date!!Required Item(s)
|-
| 2021/11/12
| {{Card|Lavender Melon|3}}
|-
| 2021/11/13
| {{Card|Seagrass|3}}
|-
| 2021/11/14
| {{Card|Naku Weed|3}}
|-
| 2021/11/15
| {{Card|Sea Ganoderma|3}}
|-
| 2021/11/16
| {{Card|Amakumo Fruit|3}}
|-
|2021/11/17
|{{Card|Fluorescent Fungus|3}}
|}

==Flower Stands ==
After obtaining [[Sakuya's Special Gardening Package]] from completing various challenges, the player may choose one of the three Flower Stands, which can be customized with different Dreamblooms in the top, middle, and bottom Dreambloom positions.

*[[Flower Stand: Of Yore]]
*[[Flower Stand: Fleeting Life]]
*[[Flower Stand: Windsong]]

==Reward Preview==
{| class="article-table"
!Survey Objective!!Rewards
|-
|Obtain 1 Dreambloom Seeds
|{{Card|Primogem|60}}{{Card|Agnidus Agate Fragment|2}}{{Card|Mora|20,000}}
|-
|Plant and harvest 6 Dreamblooms
|{{Card|Primogem|60}}{{Card|Varunada Lazurite Fragment|2}}{{Card|Sakuya's Special Gardening Package|1}}
|-
|Plant and harvest 18 Dreamblooms
|{{Card|Primogem|60}}{{Card|Vayuda Turquoise Fragment|2}}{{Card|Mora|20,000}}
|-
|Plant and harvest 30 Dreamblooms
|{{Card|Primogem|60}}{{Card|Shivada Jade Fragment|2}}{{Card|Sakuya's Special Gardening Package|1}}
|-
|Obtain 12 Dreamblooms
|{{Card|Primogem|60}}{{Card|Prithiva Topaz Fragment|2}}{{Card|Mora|20,000}}
|-
|Obtain 24 Dreamblooms
|{{Card|Primogem|60}}{{Card|Vajrada Amethyst Fragment|2}}{{Card|Mora|20,000}}
|-
|Obtain 36 Dreamblooms
|{{Card|Primogem|60}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|6}}{{Card|Sakuya's Special Gardening Package|1}}
|-
|Set up 1 Dreambloom requests
|{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}{{Card|Mora|20,000}}
|-
|Give your friends Dreamblooms 1 times
|{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}{{Card|Mora|20,000}}
|}

==Battle Pass Missions==
{{Battle Pass Missions
|name     = Mystic Repose
|mission1 = {{Color|[Event]}} Plant 30 Dreamblooms during the Dreams of Bloom event
|exp1     = 1,500
}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|Primogem = 420
|Mora = 120,000
|Hero's Wit = 6
|Mystic Enhancement Ore = 12
|Sakuya's Special Gardening Package = 3
|Agnidus Agate Fragment = 2
|Varunada Lazurite Fragment = 2
|Vajrada Amethyst Fragment = 2
|Vayuda Turquoise Fragment = 2
|Shivada Jade Fragment = 2
|Prithiva Topaz Fragment = 2
|sort = Primogem,Sakuya's Special Gardening Package,Mora,Hero's Wit,Mystic Enhancement Ore,Agnidus Agate Fragment,Varunada Lazurite Fragment,Vajrada Amethyst Fragment,Vayuda Turquoise Fragment,Shivada Jade Fragment,Prithiva Topaz Fragment
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dreams of Bloom
|zhs     = 梦里生花
|zhs_rm  = Mènglǐshēnghuā
|zht     = 夢裡生花
|zht_rm  = Mènglǐshēnghuā
|zh_tl   = Within the Dream Blooms Flowers
|ja      = 花咲きし夢
|ja_rm   = Hana Sakushi Yume
|ja_tl   = Flower Blooming Dream
|ko      = 꿈속에 핀 꽃
|ko_rm   = Kkumsok-e Pin Kkot
|ko_tl   = Flower Bloomed in Dream
|es      = Flores de ensueño
|es_tl   = Dream Flowers
|fr      = Rêves de floraison
|fr_tl   = Dreams of Bloom
|ru      = Цветущие мечты
|ru_tl   = Blooming Dreams
|th      = ดอกไม้ในความฝัน
|th_rm   = Dokmai Nai Khwam Fan
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Giấc Mơ Hoa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Träume von Blüten
|de_tl   = Dreams of Blossoms
|id      = Mekar Dalam Mimpi
|id_tl   = Blooming Inside the Dream
|pt      = Sonhos de Florescimento
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Rüyalardaki Çiçek
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sogni fioriti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

[[es:Flores de ensueño]]
[[pt-br:Sonhos de Florescimento]]
[[ru:Цветущие мечты]]
[[vi:Giấc Mơ Hoa]]