{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71541
|image         = Event Quest Drills by Lamplight.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Springtime Charms
|requirement   = 
* Completed step 3 in ''[[Liyue Celebrates and Eight Adepts Face a Hidden Calamity]]''
|characters    = Minglan; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Springtime Charms/Drills by Lamplight|Drills by Lamplight]] subevent.
}}
'''''Drills by Lamplight''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Springtime Charms]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Minglan]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A [[Millelith]] soldier seems to be troubled by something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Minglan)
:'''Minglan:''' Surely that Sergeant isn't the one in charge... Well, good luck to them, then, they're gonna need it...
:{{DIcon}} Is something the matter?
:'''Minglan:''' Huh!? Oh, it's you, {{Traveler}}... Phew...
:'''Minglan:''' You scared me there! I thought the Sergeant had come over. If he overheard me, I'd get dragged away for more training...
:{{DIcon}} Do you guys... still have to train?
:{{DIcon}} Isn't it [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]] now?
:'''Minglan:''' Well, the bigger the festival, the busier we are.
:'''Minglan:''' [[Liyue Harbor]] is huge, and there are so many tourists coming in from all over the world.
:'''Minglan:''' To maintain order and ensure everyone's safety, the Millelith have set up quite a few new mobile units both in the city and in the wilderness.
:'''Minglan:''' Do you know what a mobile unit is? Hmm... just think of it as a team of Millelith soldiers who provide help wherever they go.
:'''Minglan:''' As long as you need help, just run up to a squad and ask for assistance, and they'll lend a hand.
:'''Minglan:''' Whether if you're in danger, lost something, or even got lost yourself, just go ask them for help.
:'''Minglan:''' But... since we need to cover such a large area, our Sergeant has even pulled out the reserve units that were originally on standby for training.
:'''Minglan:''' But those reserve units are all made up of rookies who haven't had much training. So the Sergeant said, why not hold a temporary training event to up their individual skill level?
:'''Minglan:''' I heard that... that particular Sergeant is really tough. Anyone who's been trained by him can't help but shiver when hearing his name...
:{{DIcon}} You've... undergone his training too?
:'''Minglan:''' I&mdash;I suppose you could say that. His training is actually really effective, but my legs turn into jelly at the mere thought of it...
:'''Minglan:''' Want to give it a try? During my training, I heard him mention your name a lot. He said you're not only a master of tactical deployment, but also excel at hand-to-hand combat...
:'''Minglan:''' Were it you in the training arena, you'd definitely out-perform all of us.
:{{DIcon|Drills by Lamplight}} I'd love to give it a try!
::'''Minglan:''' Alright. The courage you display... You're indeed the hero of Liyue. Then please, follow me.
:{{DIcon}} Let me think it over a bit...
::'''Minglan:''' That's alright. Just let me know when you want to give it a whirl. I'm sure the Sergeant would be more than happy to have you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Drills by Lamplight
|zhs      = 灯下演武
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 燈下演武
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 灯下演武
|ja_rm    = Touka Enbu
|ja_tl    = Martial Training Under the Lanterns
|ko       = 등불 연무
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Entrenamiento bajo las linternas
|es_tl    = Training Under the Lanterns
|fr       = Exercices à la lampette
|fr_tl    = Exercises by Lamplight
|ru       = Военная игра под фонарями
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ประชันใต้แสงไฟ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Diễn Võ Dưới Ánh Đèn
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Kriegskunst im Lampenlicht
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Bela Diri di Bawah Lentera
|id_tl    = Martial Training Under the Lanterns
|pt       = Apresentação Marcial sob a Luz
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Fener Işığında Talim
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Esercitazioni al lume di lanterna
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

[[pt-br:Apresentação Marcial sob a Luz]]
[[ru:Военная игра под фонарями]]