{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19150
|image         = Hangout Event Drowsy Evening Star.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Layla
|actNum        = I
|act           = Ever Silent Stars
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|requirement   = 
|next          = The Wisdom Seelie
|next2         = A Change of Pace
|characters    = Layla; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Drowsy Evening Star''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Ever Silent Stars}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the Akademiya
#*If Layla gets struggled with her thesis...
#**Help her to finish. Go to [[The Wisdom Seelie]]
#**Persuade her to take a break. Go to [[A Change of Pace]]

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Verify lines that play depending on if the player has met Layla before.}}
{{Quest Description|One day, you walk into the [[Sumeru Akademiya]]...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on [[Layla]], optional)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915001 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (Maybe I should just go back...)

;(If the player has not met Layla yet)
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Huh...?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 02.ogg}} '''???:''' What is it? Is there something on my face...?
::{{DIcon}} Are you a student here?
:::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 03.ogg}} '''???:''' *sigh* I may not be for long.
::{{DIcon}} Are you lost?
:::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 04.ogg}} '''???:''' In a way, I suppose I am... I have no idea what to do about my thesis.
::{{DIcon}} You're not a thief, are you?
:::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 05.ogg}} '''???:''' H&mdash;Hey, not so loud...!
:::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 06.ogg}} '''???:''' Ah no, that makes me sound suspicious... Hold on, do I really look that shady?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Anyway, I'm Layla, a Rtawahist student at the Akademiya... for now, at least. I was just looking up some information at the House of Daena...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But the more I read, the more I realized that my thesis lacks integrity. I didn't cover many of the possible outliers, and my calculations aren't precise enough.
:;(Stress Value +1)

;(If the player has already met Layla)
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *sigh* Oh, we meet again.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Sorry, but I don't really have time to chat right now.
::{{DIcon}} You seem a little tired.
:::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Yeah, it's been days since I've had a good night's sleep.
::{{DIcon}} Are you going to go visit [[Twirly-Whirly]]?
:::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, come to think of it, I haven't seen Twirly-Whirly in a long time...
:::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ah, but no, now's not the time for that.
::{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I was originally looking up some information at the House of Daena, but the more I read, the more I realized that my thesis is horribly lacking.
:;(Stress Value +1)

:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 15.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I should've been done with the first draft of my thesis by now, but I've barely written a third... *whimper*
:{{DIcon}} Okay, so what are you planning to do now?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 16.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Well... *sigh* I guess I have to keep looking up as much info as possible. I shouldn't give up now.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 17.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But who am I kidding... Maybe I'm not cut out to be a researcher. Maybe I shouldn't have come to the Akademiya in the first place. All I've done is cause trouble for my adviser and classmates.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 18.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I should probably notify my adviser sooner than later, so he can focus his attention on the other students... Ah no, I don't even have the guts to bring it up, and I haven't completely given up yet.
:{{DIcon}} Cheer up. Things probably aren't as bad as you think they are.
:{{DIcon}} You still have time, right?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 19.ogg}} '''Layla:''' To be honest, I haven't slept a wink for days... Just thinking about the awful state of my thesis keeps me up at night.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 20.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Lack of sleep hinders my ability to focus, and if I can't focus, I can't do any proper research or thinking. I'm stuck in a vicious cycle.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 21.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I've seen the caliber of the other Akademiya students, they're all geniuses and fast learners. I'm nowhere near as gifted as they are...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 22.ogg}} '''Layla:''' If it wasn't for someone who's been helping me out, my adviser probably would have kicked me out of the Darshan by now.
:{{DIcon}} Are they a sage?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 24.ogg}} '''Layla:''' If that was the case, I would've already left on my own... Just the idea of being watched by a sage is terrifying.
:{{DIcon}} Are they the Great Fungus Elder?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 25.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Huh, what's that? A fungus with a long beard? There's no such thing... though if there were, I'd love to give it a pat or two.
:{{DIcon}} Is this "someone" a good friend of yours?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 23.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *sigh* No, all my friends are back home. I'm the only one who got to come study at the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 26.ogg}} '''Layla:''' This might sound strange, but I actually don't know who's been helping me. I don't even know if they're a person or not.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 27.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Due to my lack of sleep, I sometimes get dizzy and faint when I'm stressed out...
:{{DIcon}} It's that bad, huh?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 28.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Yeah... But oddly enough, when I wake up, all the things I was stressing over are taken care of.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 29.ogg}} '''Layla:''' My homework's somehow finished before the deadline, and my papers are perfectly written.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 30.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But that's not all... my flowers are watered, laundry's done, even my broken Kamera was fixed...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 31.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I really don't know what's going on, but for now, I'm calling the phenomenon a "blessing from the stars."
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 32.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Maybe the stars above decided to help out after seeing all the effort I put into my research... Haha, if that's even possible...
:{{DIcon}} That sounds pretty extraordinary.
:{{DIcon}} I want powers like that.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 33.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *sigh* But, there's no point in me studying at the Akademiya if I keep relying on this mysterious phenomenon...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 34.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It comes down to my own efforts, improving one step at a time... How else can I honor my parents and live up to the expectations of everyone who knows me.
:{{DIcon}} That makes sense. The effort you put in is equally important.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 35.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh no, I've already spent too much time chatting...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 36.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *sigh* I still haven't made much headway on my thesis. At this rate, I'll need the Wisdom Seelie's help.
:{{DIcon}} You just said you wanted to rely on your own efforts...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 37.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Yes, but time's of the essence, so I have to take what I can get... Sorry, I'm just making excuses...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 38.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But the Wisdom Seelie is truly amazing and freely shares its endless knowledge.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 39.ogg}} '''Layla:''' If you want its help, all you have to do is write down your question, and you'll get a response a short while later.
:{{DIcon}} Can Seelies even do something like that?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it's some researcher who wants to remain anonymous?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 40.ogg}} '''Layla:''' No one knows who or what it actually is... It's just known as the Wisdom Seelie.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 41.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But getting an answer all comes down to the Seelie's mood. Sometimes it'll only give you a vague answer or play tricks on you. I'm pretty sure a researcher wouldn't do something like that...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 42.ogg}} '''Layla:''' All I can do right now is hope that it helps me...
:{{DIcon}} But what about the blessing from the stars?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 43.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Who knows if it'll happen this time... I can't put all my eggs in one basket.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 44.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Trying my luck with another phenomenon is better than doing nothing.

:{{Hangout Branch|It sounds a little sketchy, but I'll go check it out with you.|The Wisdom Seelie}}
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 45.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, really? But I don't want to take up your time...
::{{DIcon}} It's fine, I don't have anything going on.
::{{DIcon}} I'm worried that you'll pass out from exhaustion soon.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 46.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Sorry for the bother. You're too kind.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 47.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay, let's go give it a try. I've already prepared my question for the Seelie.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 48.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I just hope it can help me get through this predicament.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 49.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Among the countless legends surrounding the House of Daena, the Wisdom Seelie is one of the more popular ones lately...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 50.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It hasn't been around for long, but word of the Seelie's existence spread like wildfire. Many people have claimed that they've received a reply from it.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 51.ogg}} '''Layla:''' So it should probably help me as well, right?
::{{DIcon}} So do you just call its name and it appears?
:::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 52.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I don't know its name, and we have to keep our voices down in the House of Daena, or else you'll get some scary glares from the Mahamata.
::{{DIcon}} Or is there some kind of summoning ritual?
:::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 53.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Any funny antics in the House of Daena will get you escorted out... or perhaps thrown out.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 54.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Let's split up and ask around about the Seelie. Hopefully someone knows something more.
:;(Proceed to [[The Wisdom Seelie]])

:{{Hangout Branch|It's too risky to rely on some fishy legend to complete your thesis.|A Change of Pace}}
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 55.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Mmm... You're right. I need to keep a level head &mdash; I don't have time to waste.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 56.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But what do we do from here...? I can't just go back and start packing to leave.
::{{DIcon}} You should rest first.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 57.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Rest...? But my deadline's just around the corner. I don't think I can afford to rest right now...
::{{DIcon}} You won't be able to write anything in your current state.
::{{DIcon}} You'll waste even more time if you try to push yourself like this.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 58.ogg}} '''Layla:''' ...You do have a point. Sorry, I tend to panic easily... as you can see.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 59.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Then how should I rest? I definitely won't be able to sleep... As soon as I close my eyes, all kinds of thoughts start floating into my head.
::{{DIcon}} How about we head to Puspa Café?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915002 layla 60.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, that's a good idea. A cup of coffee might help clear my head. Let's go.
:;(Proceed to [[A Change of Pace]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial
|image1 = Tutorial Drowsy Evening Star.png
|text1 = Being long-tortured by her own anxious thoughts, Layla's {{color|help|Stress Value}} shows her current mental state.<br>This value will fluctuate as the story progresses. Appraise the situation carefully before making your choice.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Drowsy Evening Star
|zhs     = 昏昏沉沉的星星
|zhs_rm  = Hūnhūnchénchén de Xīngxīng
|zht     = 昏昏沉沉的星星
|zht_rm  = Hūnhūnchénchén de Xīngxīng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = うとうとする星
|ja_rm   = Uto-uto Suru Hoshi
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 몽롱한 별
|ko_tl   = Hazy Star
|es      = La estrella somnolienta
|es_tl   = The Sleepy Star
|fr      = Étoile du soir assoupie
|fr_tl   = Drowsy Evening Star
|ru      = Дремлющая вечерняя звезда
|ru_tl   = Drowsy Evening Star
|th      = ดวงดาวง่วงเหงาหาวนอน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ngôi Sao Mơ Màng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der schläfrige Stern
|de_tl   = The Drowsy Star
|id      = Bintang Malam Mengantuk
|id_tl   = Sleepy Night Star
|pt      = Estrela do Anoitecer Sonolenta
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Uykulu Gece Yıldızı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Stella assonnata della sera
|it_tl   = Sleepy Evening Star
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}