{{Event
|name              = Drumalong Video Submission Event
|image             = Drumalong Video Submission Event.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-06-13 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-07-04 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/134
|link2             = 
|link2name         = Winners Announcement
}}
Hello, Travelers~ Did you receive the mysterious invitation letter from the Arataki Gang? The event "The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival" has now begun in the game!

Come on and participate in the video submission event "Drumalong" and upload your musical performance challenge! You can also showcase your own musical performance challenge in the "Drumalong Showcase Page," and play the scores created by other Travelers~ Come join us and win in-game rewards!

[https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20220613ugc_sea-5544/index.html?game_biz=hk4e_global&utm_source=hoyolab&utm_medium=post >>Click to Enter "Drumalong Showcase Page"<<]

==Event Duration==
June 13, 2022 – July 4, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
Results and Winners List Announcement: The list of winners will be updated in HoYoLAB's "Drumalong" event post on July 26, 2022.

==How to Participate==
Participate in the "Drumalong" event via its video submission event post on HoYoLAB and record your musical performance challenge. (Travelers can play your own scores or other Travelers' scores)
# Go to HoYoLAB's "Drumalong" video submission event post, click "Post Video" on the page to upload your work.
Participation is considered successful once the two steps above are completed~

==Event Rewards==
Participation Rewards: Travelers who successfully participate in the event will receive Mora ×40,000, Hero's Wit ×2, Mystic Enhancement Ore ×2, and HoYoLAB "Drumalong" event-exclusive avatar frame (30 days)

(Participation Rewards and Primogem rewards for the video submission will be delivered in 7 days after the release of the Winners' List. Travelers can go to My Information > Information Management > Genshin Impact in HoYoLAB to fill in your Genshin Impact UID. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their in-game rewards.)
* Crimson Strings and Jade Bells (5 Winners)
** Primogems ×1,500 + Random Themed Mouse Mat + Random Character Impression Series Woven Bracelet + Random Character Emojis Hangable
* Spirited Song (10 Winners)
** Primogems ×800 + Random Themed Mouse Mat ×1
* Barrage of Drumbeats (20 Winners)
** Random Themed Mouse Mat ×1

==Submission Criteria==
# The title of the post must begin with "Drumalong" and the text must contain the server information of your game account where the video was recorded as well as the corresponding Sharing Code. It is recommended to post the video on YouTube with the tag #Drumalong.
# The content must be related to the "Drumalong" event and the game UID must be visible in the recording. The server of the game account where the video was recorded and the corresponding Sharing Code must be indicated in the post.
# Five works can be submitted per HoYoLAB account. Each submission can consist of up to one video.
# Works of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: those with content that violates HoYoLAB's Community Rules, those that plagiarize or defraud the work of other creators, those with no relation to Genshin Impact, works that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game or its characters.
# Travelers should participate in the event in accordance with the steps under How to Participate. In any of the following circumstances, participation will be deemed to be invalid:
#* Submissions that fall outside of the stipulated time period (UTC+8) or are posted outside of the Genshin Impact community (HoYoLAB).
#* Entries that are not posted on the submission event page.

==Judging Rules==
Judges will review the works on aspects such as the completeness, musicality, and creativity. At the same time, the popularity of the works will be taken into account to a certain extent. If a participant has more than one winning entry, only the highest prize won will be awarded.

==Things to Note==
# Travelers, please pay attention to the HoYoLAB system notification, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out through it. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping addresses according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their addresses within 15 days after the system notification is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Genshin Impact in HoYoLAB to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their in-game rewards.
# Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' copyright are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources and make sure to obtain authorization.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# By participating in this event, you agree to have your Nickname and UID presented in your work published on the event platform.
# If your work is a winning submission, you agree to the organizer announcing your work and nickname as the winner across all platforms for the event.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

[[ja:「豪鼓祭演」動画募集コンテスト]]
[[pt-br:Concurso de Vídeos de Festival de Tambores!]]
[[th:กิจกรรมประกวดวิดีโอ "การแสดงตีกลองโห่ร้อง"]]