{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73083
|image         = World Quest Dual Evidence.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Old Notes and New Friends
|part          = 1
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|Golden Slumber|showType=0}}
|characters    = Kalantari; Soheil; Hulwani; Traveler; Paimon
|startLocation = [[Aaru Village]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Land of Lower Setekh
|subarea       = Aaru Village
|prev          = Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand
|next          = Soheil's Wish
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*500;Primogem*60;Mora*40,000;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|rep           = Sumeru
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 470
}}
'''''Dual Evidence''''' is the first quest in the {{Quest|Old Notes and New Friends}}.

Players must finish the {{Quest|Golden Slumber}} and wait for [[Reset|daily reset]] to start the quest.

==Steps==
* Start the quest by approaching the [[Statue of The Seven]] near [[Aaru Village]]
# Enter [[Aaru Village]] with [[Kalantari]]
# Talk to [[Soheil]]
# Go to [[Duat Hall|the location indicated by the stone slate]]
# Follow [[Scarlet Sand Slate|the stone slate]]'s guidance and obtain full clearance (0/3)
#* Explore the [[Place of Rebirth]], [[Place of Breath]], and [[Place of Swallowing]] ruins
# Head to the Great Hall of Truths following the guidance of the slate
# Examine the giant device
# Explore the area and find a way to activate the giant device
# Continue forward
# Light the Primal Torches (0/3)
# Activate the device
# Defeat the "big guy with evil intentions"
#* {{Enemy|Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network|text=Field Annihilation Array: The Evincing Shadow}}
# Look for valuable items
# Return to Aaru Village and talk to Soheil

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing Step 4 and lighting up every sigil of the [[Scarlet Sand Slate]] grants the {{Achievement|Walk Like King Deshret's People}}.
* Completing Step 8 grants the {{Achievement|The Straight Path}}.
* Completing Step 12 grants the {{Achievement|The Path To Enlightenment}}.
* Completing this quest permanently turns off the cyclone on top of [[The Mausoleum of King Deshret]].
* The player can now access [[Aaru's Shut]] permanently.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|While in Aaru Village, you meet another Vahumana researcher named [[Kalantari]]. He has been fretting over his paper lately and is seeking help...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Statue of The Seven at Aaru Village)
:'''Paimon:''' We're back at Aaru Village again. Whoa! This place is still burning hot, just like how it was on our first visit.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders how [[Jeht]] and [[Tirzad]] are doing... Paimon's kinda concerned.
:{{DIcon}} They should be doing well.
::'''Paimon:''' Yes, that's what Paimon thinks too, even if we're just speculating here.
::'''Paimon:''' The last expedition should have helped with their composure, or... should we say that they're growing up?
::{{DIcon}} I'm not sure if we can call what Tirzad did "growing up"...
::'''Paimon:''' But Jeht said that he was like a tantrum-throwing kid...
:{{DIcon}} We'll meet again.
::'''Paimon:''' Yes, we'll definitely meet Jeht again as long as we continue adventuring.
::'''Paimon:''' As for Tirzad... We can find him in the Akademiya. He calls himself an Indoorsology researcher, after all...
:'''???:''' Tirzad... Adventure... Could it be...
:'''Kalantari:''' Sorry for interrupting your conversation. I'm [[Kalantari]], a student in the Akademiya. I seek traces of the past that remain on the earth.
:'''Kalantari:''' Were you part of Tirzad Hindi's recent expedition in the desert?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? How did you know?
:'''Kalantari:''' It really is you! He mentioned both of you in the acknowledgments of his paper.
:'''Paimon:''' Paper? Oh yeah, he did say he would focus on writing his paper once he got back. So it's done already?
:'''Kalantari:''' Yup, he locked himself in his room once he got back from the desert. The other researchers were worried that he was depressed from failing to obtain any results from his expedition.
:'''Kalantari:''' After a few days, we started betting on whether he would eat or drink first when he finally came outside. But he suddenly charged out and submitted a paper to the Akademiya...
:'''Kalantari:''' "The Golden Slumber: A Study on Governance in the Later Period of Al-Ahmar's Civilization and Stages of Survival."
:'''Kalantari:''' It may sound a little rude, but I never expected Tirzad to be capable of writing such a groundbreaking paper.
:'''Paimon:''' "Groundbreaking"? That sounds very impressive...
:{{DIcon}} It's like Paimon's slime dish...
::'''Paimon:''' Heehee! That means Paimon's also very impressive!
:{{DIcon}} That's an Indoorsology researcher for you...
::'''Kalantari:''' Indoorsology researcher...?
::'''Paimon:''' Yup, Tirzad did call himself an Indoorsology researcher when we first met.
::'''Kalantari:''' Indoorsology? I didn't see any mention of that in the paper... I guess I'll have to ask him when I get back.
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, how did he thank us in that groundbreaking paper of his?
:'''Kalantari:''' Hmm, let me think... It was at the end of the paper, so I can still remember it very clearly.
:'''Kalantari:''' "I'd like to dedicate this last paragraph to a Traveler and {{MC|m=his|f=her}} companion. They are like the corollas that blossom in the nursery, the bread and salt during a long trip, as well as a gift to me from the desert.
:'''Kalantari:''' Without them, I, in no way, could complete this paper."
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! {{Traveler}}! Tirzad really flattered us there. "A gift from the desert," huh? Paimon's blushing!
:{{DIcon}} I must agree.
:{{DIcon}} He did pay us though.
:'''Kalantari:''' No, you deserve the praise. Anyone who helps a researcher during the paper writing process is worthy of acknowledgement and gratitude.
:'''Kalantari:''' In the world of researchers, there's nothing more painful than writing a paper. If there is, it'll be getting stuck writing a paper.
:'''Paimon:''' Tirzad was worrying about his paper when we first met. He'd probably suffered quite a bit before then...
:'''Kalantari:''' To tell you the truth, lately, I've been trapped in that state of suffering as well. I decided to enter the desert, thinking that perhaps I could make some new discoveries based on Tirzad's thesis.
:'''Kalantari:''' I didn't expect to meet the very person featured in his acknowledgments. It must be fate that brought us together. So... can you help me like how you helped him...?
:{{DIcon}} No problem.
::'''Kalantari:''' Awesome! I knew taking a day off and coming to Aaru Village would be the right choice!
::'''Kalantari:''' Allow me to give you two a warm welcome. How does treating you to a meal sound? Of course, you'll be well compensated for your trouble. Whatever Tirzad paid, I'll... Uh, let's discuss that later!
::'''Paimon:''' Yay! Delicious food and Mora!
:{{DIcon}} Let me think about it...
::'''Kalantari:''' Oh, are you perhaps exhausted and in need of some rest after your last adventure? Or did Tirzad's lack of common sense leave you with a bitter taste?
::'''Kalantari:''' It's alright, I understand your pains. After all, it isn't easy for adventurers who travel the world to deal with researchers.
::'''Kalantari:''' But I'm different. I'm from a family of merchants in Port Ormos. I'm nothing like those researchers who don't even know how to communicate with people.
::'''Kalantari:''' Well, allow me to give you two a warm welcome. How does treating you to a meal sound? Of course, you'll be well compensated for your trouble. Whatever he paid, I'll... Uh, let's discuss that later!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm, getting paid and treated to a meal sure sounds like a good deal. {{Traveler}}, let's help him out.
::{{DIcon}} If you insist...
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe.
----
;(Approach the marked location in Aaru Village)
:'''???:''' Ka-lan-ta-ri!
:'''Kalantari:''' Huh? That voice sounds really familiar...
:'''???:''' Kalantari, I didn't expect you to sneak all the way to Aaru Village. This old bag of bones is going to fall apart chasing after you, you know?
:'''Kalantari:''' Oh, it's Mr. [[Soheil]]! Someone at your age should be reading through texts and records in the Akademiya. What are you doing all the way out here?
:'''Soheil:''' Hmph! What am I doing here? I'm here to stop you youngsters from running off into the desert, of course!
:'''Soheil:''' All of you have read quite a few papers, yet you can't keep your cool. Tirzad gains some success once, and you all go charging into the desert like mindless Fungi.
:'''Soheil:''' The sage is afraid you'll alert the matra and worried that you might damage the ruins, so I was sent to dissuade all of you.
:'''Kalantari:''' All of us...? But I came alone, and I even specially applied for paid leave to keep it a secret from everyone else.
:'''Soheil:''' You did come here alone, but you're not the only one with the same idea. Do you know how many leave applications the sage received yesterday?
:'''Soheil:''' Forty-six! A total of forty-six applications! All of them from young students wanting to try their luck after reading that paper!
:'''Soheil:''' They gave all sorts of excuses. Helping a neighbor whose house caught on fire, a Fungi invasion turning their homes upside down, accidentally consuming spoiled curry... If only they used their creativity on writing papers!
:{{DIcon}} Could it just be a coincidence?
::'''Kalantari:''' Exactly! I mean, so many people supposedly applied for leave, but I didn't see a single one of them here in Aaru Village.
:{{DIcon}} What a vast assortment of excuses.
::'''Kalantari:''' And that's exactly why you should trust them. As they say, the absurdity of the truth often exceeds any researcher's imagination.
::'''Kalantari:''' Besides, I haven't seen any other researcher here in Aaru Village, so there's a high chance they were all telling the truth.
:'''Soheil:''' Of course you didn't! I have already convinced all forty-five of them to go back while on my way here. You're the last one.
:'''Soheil:''' Listen. Academic research never relies on luck. Tirzad may have produced a well-written paper, but we still haven't verified its credibility.
:'''Kalantari:''' But... I've found a guide...
:'''Soheil:''' No buts! Having no prior experience is enough to get you lost in the desert. Even if you don't get lost, there's no guarantee you won't accidentally damage something within the ruins.
:'''Soheil:''' For the sake of your safety and the ruins', you must head back. If you refuse, I'll have to ask Hulwani from the Corps of Thirty to "escort" you back.
:'''Hulwani:''' Please head back.
:'''Kalantari:''' Uh... Alright...
:'''Soheil:''' That's how a researcher of the Akademiya should act. Alright, off you go.
:'''Kalantari:''' Huh? Mr. Soheil, you're not going back?
:'''Soheil:''' Of course not. I'll be staying here for some time to stop other rash researchers like you from entering the desert.
:'''Kalantari:''' I'm not rash... I&mdash;I'm just in need of inspiration for my paper. *sigh* I thought I finally had my chance.
:'''Kalantari:''' Goodbye, Traveler, and may we meet again. Safe travels.
:{{DIcon}} He looks really sad...
::'''Paimon:''' Being unable to write a paper really does seem like torture...
:{{DIcon}} Well, there goes our Mora...
::'''Paimon:''' We didn't even get our free food...
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Although the researcher named Soheil demands that Kalantari should return to the Akademiya, he himself does not plan to leave Aaru Village...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Soheil)
:'''Soheil:''' (*sigh* Why am I the one doing this?)

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Hulwani)
:'''Hulwani:''' (Aren't these scholars ever tired of running around? I just wanna return to Sumeru City...)

;(Talk to Soheil or Hulwani)
:'''Soheil:''' Sorry, I was so busy with Kalantari that I didn't get to greet you. I'm Soheil from the Usaibia family, and a researcher from Vahumana.
:'''Soheil:''' Did he plan to hire you as his guide? In that case, I'm sorry for ruining your business.
:'''Soheil:''' But it may not be a bad thing. Tirzad's paper isn't very credible, so you might have ended up going all the way for nothing.
:{{DIcon}} No, I believe him.
:'''Soheil:''' Oh? Why are you so sure? Wait. Are you... the ones mentioned in his acknowledgments...?
:{{DIcon}} "Blooming flowers"!
:{{DIcon}} "Bread and salt"!
:{{DIcon}} "The gift from the desert"!
:'''Paimon:''' Yes, that's us. We're the famed {{Traveler}} and Paimon, the travelers who went on an expedition with Tirzad!
:'''Soheil:''' Hmm, well. Being willing to support your employer is a good thing, I suppose. It shows that you value contracts just as the people of Liyue do. But you can't fool me.
:'''Soheil:''' I've been to the desert in my youth, but I have never once encountered places like the "Khemenu Temple" or "Khaj-Nisut" mentioned in that paper.
:'''Soheil:''' Besides that, the sandstorm at the top of the Mausoleum of King Deshret is still as I remember it from my youth. So, I suspect that Tirzad never entered the Mausoleum of King Deshret. He probably made it all up.
:'''Soheil:''' I'm fairly certain you took his Mora and got your stories straight so that when someone comes to check, his paper would seem more credible.
:'''Soheil:''' It might have been a good plan, but unfortunately, you ran into me.
:{{DIcon}} That's not the kind of person he is.
::'''Soheil:''' You don't understand researchers. I've seen so many researchers who appear to be honorable yet are shameless in private. What do you think the matra are for?
:{{DIcon}} We're not like that.
::'''Soheil:''' Well, I certainly believe that you're not easily tempted by Mora, so Tirzad must have made an offer that you couldn't refuse.
::'''Soheil:''' I've seen many researchers who would stop at nothing just to complete their papers.
:'''Soheil:''' Anyway, you're free to go. I won't pursue the matter. Just... don't help him write fake theses anymore.
:'''Hulwani:''' Please leave.
:;(The Traveler and Paimon leave)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, Paimon's so peeved! Paimon could sense him looking down on us beneath that polite tone!
:'''Paimon:''' He even said that about Tirzad! That was too much! He's saying we faked it just because he couldn't find a way into the ruins himself!
:'''Paimon:''' Ohh! Have you been taking good care of the stone slate Tirzad left with us?
:{{DIcon}} It's right here.
:'''Paimon:''' Perfect! That's an important piece of evidence!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait a minute... The symbol at its center has lit up! And it's pointing somewhere...
:{{DIcon}} It's probably because of Khaj-Nisut.
:{{DIcon}} It's probably because we finished King Deshret's trial.
:'''Paimon:''' You're right... In that case, we might be able to enter the depths of the ruins now. Y'know, the place we couldn't enter before.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go and take a look. If we find any solid evidence, that researcher will have no choice but apologize to Tirzad and us!
;(Unlock Ferryman's Clearance)

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Soheil again)
:'''Soheil:''' (To think there are so many frauds now, the world has certainly changed for the worse...)

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Hulwani again)
:'''Hulwani:''' (These two look very suspicious, but... Meh, whatever, they aren't scholars anyway.)

;(Talk to Soheil again)
:'''Soheil:''' Huh? Why are you still in Aaru Village? Are you thinking about trying to get something from me?
:'''Soheil:''' Just give up on that. I'm not Tirzad, Kalantari, or any of those other youngsters. I never try to take the easy way out.
:'''Soheil:''' Allow me to guide you to the right path. Start gaining knowledge now. Who knows, you might even make it into the Akademiya once you reach my age.

;(Talk to Hulwani again)
:'''Hulwani:''' Please leave. Don't do anything unnecessary.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Head to the Duat Hall following the Guidance of the Scarlet Sand Slate.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter Duat Hall)
:'''Paimon:''' According to the stone slate, we've arrived at our destination!
:'''Paimon:''' It's just that... Paimon doesn't see any special devices, even though we're definitely inside the Mausoleum now. Have we gone the wrong way?
:'''Paimon:''' Should we have another look at the stone slate?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? There's new writing on it... And three dots of light...
:'''Paimon:''' "The mortal plane is like a river between the underworld and Aaru. Mortals must not cross, must not probe, must not... Uh... Must not... Paimon doesn't know how to read that... or they shall descend into the underworld forever..."
:'''Paimon:''' "In order to ascend to Aaru, one must have a body like that of a vulture and soar above the underworld... Peck at three different organs in order to obtain the consent of Al-Ahmar, and fly across the river in the form of a falcon..."
:{{DIcon}} That word is "covet."
:'''Paimon:''' Oh... "Must not covet." But what does that mean? This all sounds pretty important, but Paimon doesn't understand anything.
:'''Paimon:''' Which one do you think is more important, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} "In order to ascend to Aaru"...
::'''Paimon:''' In order to ascend to Aaru... Does that mean Aaru Village? But Paimon doesn't think Aaru Village existed back then... Anyway, shouldn't the opposite of the underworld be a really wonderful place?
:{{DIcon}} "Peck at three different organs"...
::'''Paimon:''' Peck out three organ types... Do we really have to eat... organs...? That's scary...
:{{DIcon}} "Obtain the consent of Al-Ahmar"...
::'''Paimon:''' Obtaining the consent of Al-Ahmar should refer to opening a new path.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, if we sum it all up, we must do something to the "organs" to open a new path that leads to "Aaru." Um... It all sounds kinda mysterious...
:'''Paimon:''' But speaking of "organs"... Paimon thinks we've heard that one somewhere.
:{{DIcon}} Tirzad mentioned it, yes?
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! That guy was so stubborn then! He wouldn't listen to anyone and kept saying that King Deshret's legacy had to be in King Deshret's Mausoleum...
::'''Paimon:''' Then he went into a hall that he said was meant to store some "organs" and found a strange device. After that, the symbols on the stone slate just "clicked" and lit up.
:{{DIcon}} I've forgotten...
::'''Paimon:''' Oh! Paimon remembers now! Tirzad made us go to some hall used to store "organs," didn't he?
::'''Paimon:''' He was so stubborn then! He wouldn't listen to anyone and insisted that King Deshret's legacy had to be in King Deshret's Mausoleum. Then he found a strange device.
::'''Paimon:''' But in the end, it was wise ol' Paimon who discovered the link between the stone slate and the strange device, and made the symbol on the stone slate go "click" and light up!
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like you might have embellished things a little...
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, only a little! Anyway, the "organs" are the important part. Let's not dwell on the details!
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe "Peck at three different organs" refers to finding three devices just like before, and then we'll get to that place called "Aaru"!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go! Let's see what secrets King Deshret has been hiding in "Aaru"!
;(If the player already cleared Place of Rebirth and/or Place of Breath)
:'''Paimon:''' Still, Paimon thinks that those three dots of light on the stone slate include places we have been to. Their symbols have lit up too.
;(If the player already cleared Place of Rebirth OR Place of Breath)
::'''Paimon:''' Awesome! Just thinking about going to three separate places made Paimon tired, but it looks like we only have to find two more devices. Paimon is so grateful to Past-Paimon, hehe!
;(If the player already cleared BOTH Place of Rebirth and Place of Breath)
::'''Paimon:''' Great, just thinking about going to three separate places made Paimon tired, but it looks like we just have to find one more device. Paimon is so grateful to past Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Be grateful to me too.
:'''Paimon:''' Right, thank you, {{Traveler}}! Let's go look for the remaining devices!

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' Still, it's kinda funny to think that there are so many places around here that we haven't been to yet. How many palaces did this King Deshret guy build, anyway?
:'''Paimon:''' If only those researchers knew! Paimon bets they'd practically live here so they could write their theses!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Follow the Guidance of the Scarlet Sand Slate and go to the Place of Rebirth, Place of Breath, and Place of Swallowing to obtain greater power.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Light the first Primal Torch at the Place of Rebirth)
:'''Paimon:''' You can hear water running down that way...
:'''Paimon:''' Did we unlock some kind of hidden mechanism?

;(Approach the entrance to the Place of Swallowing ruins)
:'''Paimon:''' Also, guess we don't need Tirzad's or Jebrael's help to guess what the symbols on the stone slate mean anymore, huh?
:'''Paimon:''' It does feel that we're missing something without them bickering constantly, though.

;(Upon clearing the first ruins){{Verify|what if they're done out of order?}}
:'''Paimon:''' A new symbol's lit up on the stone slate! This should count as "pecking organs," right?
:'''Paimon:''' Whew, that sure does make Paimon hungry...

;(Upon clearing the second ruins){{Verify|did not show up when Place of Swallowing was done second}}
:'''Paimon:''' That's another symbol lit up. One more left to go!
:'''Paimon:''' Who knows what will happen next, though... That's kinda scary.
:'''Paimon:''' But no matter what happens, you'll protect Paimon, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Right?

;(If fall to the bottomless depth)
:'''Paimon:''' Watch out! Don't go near there!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|After all "organ" symbols on the stone slate have lit up, a place named "the Great Hall of Truths" has emerged.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the Hall of Great Truths)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon has been thinking for a while now... This place feels really important... It's like Stormterror's Lair but in the desert!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders if bards sang about this place during King Deshret's reign... Let's get a closer look.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Before you stands a giant device. Are you going to ascend to Aaru if you activate it?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, this device doesn't look like it's working. Maybe it hasn't been used in a while.
:'''Paimon:''' There might be a switch somewhere. Let's look around!

;(Operate all four [[Plinth of the Secret Rites|Plinths of the Secret Rites]])
:'''Paimon:''' There's a sound coming from the center of the hall. Paimon thinks a new path has been opened!

;(Enter the portal)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, is this... "Aaru"?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe?
::'''Paimon:''' Well, according to the stone slate, we've obtained King Deshret's consent and reached "Aaru."
::'''Paimon:''' But this place doesn't seem very much like "Aaru." There's only this frighteningly huge device. Paimon feels that "Aaru" should be more... more...
::{{DIcon}} More delicious?
:::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's right! It should be a place with a ton of delicious food!
::{{DIcon}} More beautiful.
:::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, exactly! It should at least be filled with greenery like Sumeru City!
:{{DIcon}} This shouldn't be "Aaru"...
::'''Paimon:''' Right, it doesn't look much different from the underworld we just passed through, and Paimon even sees a frighteningly huge device up ahead. Paimon feels that "Aaru" should be more... more...
::{{DIcon}} More delicious.
:::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's right! It should be a place with a ton of delicious food!
::{{DIcon}} More beautiful.
:::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, exactly! It should at least be filled with greenery like Sumeru City!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, at a time like this, another look at the stone slate couldn't hurt. ...Huh? There's a new line of words here!
:'''Paimon:''' "After flying across the river in falcon form, one must burn the embers of the sun at three places using feathers. Only through this may one obtain the mercy of Al-Ahmar and ascend to Aaru."
:'''Paimon:''' *sigh* There's more... Paimon's getting annoyed. Why can't King Deshret just finish explaining without stopping? This is getting exhausting.
:{{DIcon}} Don't forget about how Tirzad was maligned.
::'''Paimon:''' Right. That's right! We're here to make that Soheil guy apologize!
:{{DIcon}} Think about the treasure.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! You're right! The longer the adventure, the better the treasure. It's a pattern Paimon's discovered after many adventures, hehe! We should be glad this is taking so long!
:{{DIcon}} I'm so tired, let's head back...
::'''Paimon:''' Okay... But wait, we're here to make that annoying researcher, Soheil, apologize. He'll laugh at us if we head back now!
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, it isn't time to head back yet. Let's find out how to "burn the embers of the sun."
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|New guidance has appeared on the Scarlet Sand Slate. Continue investigating based on the emerged words.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' "Burn the embers of the sun" feels similar to "peck the organs" &mdash; it probably also means doing something to the big guys here.

;(Light one Primal Torch)
:'''Paimon:''' It's just as we thought. These objects that can light up are the "Embers of the Sun."

;(Upon lighting all three Primal Torches)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon hears something coming from the center of the hall again. We'll get to "Aaru" this time for sure!

;(Activate the device)
:;(The ground begins to shake and the Traveler and Paimon retreat)
:;(An elevator brings them up)
----
;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... This is... The highest point of King Deshret's Mausoleum...
:'''Paimon:''' It's all sand around... How could this be?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon sees another huge evil-looking guy up ahead. Let's go have a look, but we should be careful.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The top of the mausoleum transformed dramatically after you defeated the Primal Construct, and no more guidance has appeared on the stone slate since. Collect sufficient evidence to prove that you have entered the Mausoleum of King Deshret and return to Aaru Village to inform Soheil.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Defeat the enemy)
:'''Paimon:''' Phew! The big guy's finally down. Are you alright?

;(Open the Precious Chest)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Record of Aaru's Shut}})
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, we haven't come up completely empty-handed, but Paimon keeps having the feeling that there has to be more to "Aaru" than this...
:'''Paimon:''' This is... a stone slate covered in writing? We should take it back to Soheil. Bet he'll be speechless when he sees this!
----
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Soheil)
:'''Soheil:''' (I won't let this opportunity slip by.)

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Hulwani)
:'''Hulwani:''' (*sigh* These scholars are getting on my nerves!)

;(Talk to Soheil or Hulwani)
:'''Hulwani:''' No, I refuse to escort you into the desert.
:'''Soheil:''' But the Mausoleum of King Deshret, which has remained the same for centuries, has undergone an unprecedented change. You saw it too just now, didn't you? I need to make a record...
:'''Hulwani:''' It's also my first time seeing this change... However, the sage has prohibited researchers from entering the desert without his permission.
:'''Soheil:''' ...
:'''Soheil:''' I&mdash;I'm not like those rash young researchers. I've dedicated years to studying in the Akademiya...
:'''Hulwani:''' The answer is still "no."
:'''Paimon:''' Hello, long time no see. Seems like you're having a nice time in Aaru Village!
:'''Soheil:''' Huh? What are the two of you doing here? I did say that I wouldn't pursue the matter, but you should stop going around deceiving people.
:'''Soheil:''' I'm getting old, so my time is way more precious than yours. Besides, I have more important business to attend to. So, if you would excuse me.
:{{DIcon}} Wanna enter the desert?
:{{DIcon}} Wanna get closer to the Mausoleum of King Deshret?
:'''Soheil:''' No! Not at all! I would never go against the sage's restrictions! I just want to...
:'''Soheil:''' Wait a minute, both of you are all covered in dirt, and you're holding a suspicious stone slate... Did you just return from the desert, by any chance?
:'''Soheil:''' Are the... changes in the Mausoleum of King Deshret... linked to you?
:{{DIcon}} Yes.
::'''Soheil:''' How can that be? Generations of Vahumana researchers tried everything they could to open the mausoleum's entrance and discover the secrets within, yet none succeeded. But you two easily...
::'''Soheil:''' Can I take a look at the stone slate you brought back with you?
::{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Soheil:''' Thank you. The forest will remember your generosity!
:{{DIcon}} No, we're frauds.
::'''Soheil:''' Hah! I knew it! Wait... Wh&mdash;where did you get this stone slate from?
:{{Black Screen|Soheil's eyes open wide as he scans the stone slate from every angle. Even his breathing and speech speed up slightly.}}
:'''Soheil:''' Due to various reasons, practically all the records of the later period of Al-Ahmar's civilization have been lost. Even those that are occasionally dug up are just fragments. I've never seen such a perfect stone slate!
:'''Soheil:''' No, it's not only me. Even the sage may have never witnessed such a... miracle.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! You were calling us frauds just a short while ago!
:'''Soheil:''' Did you really enter the Mausoleum of King Deshret as Tirzad's paper described?
:{{DIcon}} Yep.
::'''Soheil:''' I&mdash;It really is true then...
::'''Soheil:''' In the name of Vahumana researcher Soheil and on behalf of my family, I sincerely apologize. I hope you'll be so kind as to forgive my greatest mistake &mdash; ignorance.
:{{DIcon}} No, he's a fraud.
::'''Soheil:''' Please stop joking. I've always thought highly of Tirzad and considered him the future of Vahumana. I'm not in the least surprised that he wrote such a wonderful paper.
::'''Soheil:''' Besides, he received a "gift from the desert" &mdash; the assistance of an outstanding traveler like you!
:'''Paimon:''' (Whoa, what a sudden change of attitude! It's like he's taken on a completely different character, just like the storytellers of Liyue do.)
:'''Soheil:''' Could you... allow me to carefully inspect that stone slate? I'll compensate both of you for it!
:'''Soheil:''' As for the amount... Hmm... Before that, let's go someplace quiet so I can take a closer look at that slate.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Soheil)
:'''Soheil:''' (Such a perfect stone slate... Just think about all the paper I can write based on it!)

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Hulwani)
:'''Hulwani:''' (Heh, he's a clear case of the pot calling the kettle black.)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dual Evidence
|zhs     = 二重证据
|zhs_rm  = Èrchóng Zhèngjù
|zht     = 二重證據
|zht_rm  = Èrchóng Zhèngjù
|zh_tl   = Dual Evidence
|ja      = 二重の証拠
|ja_rm   = Nijuu no Shouko
|ja_tl   = Dual Evidence
|ko      = 이중 증거
|ko_tl   = Dual Evidence
|es      = Evidencia aplastante
|es_tl   = Crushing Evidence
|fr      = Double preuve
|fr_tl   = Double Evidence
|ru      = Двойное доказательство
|ru_tl   = Dual Evidence
|th      = หลักฐานสองชั้น
|th_rm   = Lakthan Song Chan
|th_tl   = Double Evidence
|vi      = Gấp Đôi Bằng Chứng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Doppelter Beweis
|de_tl   = Dual Evidence
|id      = Bukti Ganda
|id_tl   = Double Evidence
|pt      = Evidência Duplicada
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Çifte Kanıt
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Doppia prova
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[es:Evidencia aplastante]]