{{Event Tabs
|subpage1 = A Tour of Wonders
|subpage2 = Zero Hour Invokation
|subpage3 = Evermotion Mechanical Painting: Invoker
|subpage4 = Heart of the Dice
}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|image           = Duel! The Summoners' Summit! Chapter.png
|type            = Story
|event_name      = Duel! The Summoners' Summit!
}}
'''Duel! The Summoners' Summit!''' is an Event Chapter.

Requirements: {{Quest|32;Ritou Escape Plan;Battlefield of Dice, Cats, and Cards|display=bullet|requirements=1}}

Recommended Quests: {{Quest|Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises;Beyond This World's Stars;Transient Dreams|display=bullet|requirements=1}}

==Story Quests==
===List of Rounds===
* Round I - [[Commence! A Suspect Genesis]]
* Round II - [[Roll! A Sea of New Acquaintances]]
* Round III - [[Cards Out! Grievances Begone]]
* Round IV - [[Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams]]

===Summary===
====Round I - Commence! A Suspect Genesis====
{{Main|Commence! A Suspect Genesis}}
Returning to the [[City of Mondstadt]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] overhear a [[Genius Invokation TCG]] tournament by two other participants, [[Lennard]] and [[Eichendorff]]. The two lament about being knocked out of the tournament but decide to spectate the other matches to see who would win the grand prize. This gets their attention, so they decide to talk to [[Diona]] to see if she knows anything about it.

When they arrive at [[The Cat's Tail]], they find Diona with another [[Kirara|person]] with two cat tails. The strange woman is delighted to see another person with a cat tail and mistakenly believes Diona to be a Mondstadt [[youkai]], though she corrects her error. The woman then leaves to avoid being late on her next delivery, but not before Diona tells her she's welcome at the tavern. Diona then spots the two and tells them that the woman was a courier from [[Komaniya Express]] who was picking up items left behind from a customer. When they ask her about the tournament, she refers them to [[Margaret]] for more information.

Finding Margaret at the fountain for her usual stroll, she tells them that they were too late to enter the tournament, but were welcome to try an unofficial one if they chose to. This leaves Paimon slightly upset, as she believed that the Traveler would easily steamroll the competition if they had been able to partake and unintentionally makes a good title about the feat. This catches the attention of another woman who comes up to them, introducing herself as [[Charlotte]], a journalist from [[The Steambird]]. Charlotte tells them that she had heard rumors of a "Card Snatcher" and was investigating them, revealing that she knows much about their feats, while pointing out that she has connections in [[Fontaine]], which could be useful for them if they went to visit, convincing them to help. Before they would start, she asks them to follow her as she needs to bring some money to a "rich" person in the city first.

The "rich" person is none other than [[Mona]], who is also surprised to see the Traveler and Paimon. Mona had not partaken in the tournament as she was focusing on astrology and did not want to cheat with her skills, as it would be unfair. After seeing her off, the three return to the venue and are at the finals, where they find [[Kaeya]] going up against [[Timmie]]. Charlotte soon spots suspicious people and alerts the Traveler to them, where they find the man being accosted by [[Treasure Hoarders]] at the walls. Driving the criminals away, the man, [[Adrian]] reveals that someone had paid him a lot of Mora for some apparently common card back and he had left to find a discreet area to check if the Mora was real or not when the Treasure Hoarders ambushed him. Adrian also reveals that the man appeared to be relieved when he got the card back, muttering that [[Liyue]] would be their next stop.

With no leads for the time being, the three return to the venue where they find that Timmie had won the duel against Kaeya, having made a brutal counterattack despite losing one of his character cards early in the match. They then look at a poster which Paimon believes are the inventors of the game, though Charlotte states that very little is known of them.

====Round II - Roll! A Sea of New Acquaintances====
{{Main|Roll! A Sea of New Acquaintances}}
Arriving into [[Liyue Harbor]], the Traveler, Paimon and Charlotte are immediately greeted by [[Baiwen]], who was there under [[Ningguang]]'s orders and that the Tianquan had anticipated their arrival. Charlotte follows Baiwen to meet with the famed leader while the Traveler and Paimon decide to investigate the Card Snatcher and head to the harbor for information. The attempt is unsuccessful but then the two are greeted by [[Kaedehara Kazuha]], who tells them that [[Beidou]] had returned to the harbor and thus he was spending time walking around the city. Learning of the situation from Paimon, he offers to help, though he does tell them that he did not sense the Card Snatcher in the area.

While talking, Paimon recognizes the courier from before, who appears to be lost. Initially startled, the courier introduces herself as Kirara and is pleased to see another Inazuman outside the country. Kirara tells them that she was looking for the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]], so they take her there and find [[Hu Tao]], who was busy reciting poems for her upcoming finals match against her opponent. Hu Tao gets her delivery from her and leaves a good review as Kirara leaves. She then admits her liking for the service, as she doesn't have to send her consultants back and forth anymore for such matters. After Kazuha gives her some advice, Hu Tao asks for a duel, though Kazuha does not have a deck as he had only watched the game from the sidelines. Paimon informs him how to play and despite his efforts, Hu Tao eventually wins due to using "[[Send Off]]" to wipe his summons, though states that he's surprisingly good at the game.

[[Keqing]] then arrives to take Hu Tao to the venue as both she and Hu Tao are informed about the Card Snatcher. Hu Tao tells them that he struck her as a "potential client" and that he had just won in a duel against [[Chongyun]] for his card back, who was then spotted in [[Wuwang Hill]]. The Traveler, Paimon and Kazuha head there, where they find him with [[Little Fang]], who was going to play with [[Little Yu]] there. As they were searching for her, they were beset by Treasure Hoarders but managed to drive them off. Kazuha then suggests using the Casket of Tomes to locate Yu and they manage to find her, who had hidden from the Treasure Hoarders. Chongyun is later filled in about the Card Snatcher, who tells them that he had grumbled about going to Inazuma before taking the children back home.

Returning to the venue, they find the match had been over, with Hu Tao having prevailed against her opponent, [[Brother Qian]], due to rolling six {{Pyro}} dice in one turn. Paimon informs Charlotte that their next destination would be Inazuma. Ningguang then arrives, having heard about the Card Snatcher. She tells them that a new type of card back had released and that players were trying to get it as they believed it improved their luck. When she decided to buy some however, she discovered that they had all been taken.

====Round III - Cards Out! Grievances Begone====
{{Main|Cards Out! Grievances Begone}}
Making their way to [[Ritou]], Inazuma the three are greeted by a large number of banners as if it was a national festival. Charlotte tells them what she had heard about the origins of the game and the King of Invokations novels before Paimon tells her that she believes the "fox lady" was likely responsible, referring to [[Yae Miko]], the owner of [[Yae Publishing House]]. As they walk into port center, they find [[Ei]] and introduce her to Charlotte, who becomes shocked and humbled upon learning that she's the {{Electro}} Archon. Ei reassures her that she doesn't need to be so formal while Charlotte is impressed with the Traveler's connections.

As Charlotte goes off to investigate the Card Snatcher, Ei tells the Traveler and Paimon that she too was participating in the tournament, only to lose in the semi-finals to her friend, who arrives. Miko teases her for not anticipating her tricks and remarks on how it wasn't her fault she spent all of her time inside [[Tenshukaku]]. Ei does admit that she should spend more time outside, but people still fear the "divine light"; her, as she felt that her opponents were terrified of what would happen if they had defeated her. Miko then states that she'll be relying on her tricks in the finals against [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]] before she sends them off to explore the venue.

When they arrive at the venue, the [[Outlander Affairs Agency]], they find [[Arataki Itto]] and [[Kuki Shinobu]] there, the former claiming to have been going for the grand prize, though Shinobu corrects him by stating that he was the only one in the [[Arataki Gang|gang]] not to pass the qualifiers and lost three rounds. While Shinobu had lost to Kokomi, she does not mind before Itto claims that he did not have a proper card back to win as both Paimon and Shinobu then correct him again. Regardless if the Traveler duels him or not, they ask for [[Kujou Sara]] and they point to where she is.

Finding Sara with [[Gorou]], Sara explains that while she initially rooted for Ei, the tournament itself is to foster friendship and friendly competition now that the islands are all on good terms before being reminded to return to the venue. While waiting, they find Charlotte with Kirara. Learning of the situation from them, Kokomi believes that Kirara would be the key to solving the case, but before she could explain, leaves for the finals.

Kokomi manages to defeat Miko, who had almost turned the match on her by appearing to lose one of her character cards by carelessness only to play two cards that required a fallen character to be used. Paimon congratulates Kokomi for winning before Miko startles her from behind, though not disappointed in the loss and offers a rematch. Kokomi accepts, but tells her that she's helping her friends out and thus she decides to play with Gorou, who had been instinctively hiding behind a support in fear of her. Kokomi explains that Kirara had been delivering parcels that coincided with the Card Snatcher's movements and concludes that there must be one delivery location. Kirara does admit that the client is in [[Sumeru]] but due to company policy, does not tell the exact location.

The Traveler deduces that the package was likely holding the card backs, though both Kokomi and Charlotte realize that the timing was off. However, they conclude that there might be multiple thieves involved and the one they were following only stole once before playing or trading for the others. Paimon concludes that their best bet is to go to delivery location in Sumeru, with the Traveler offering Kirara aid if the person had malicious intentions. While Kirara states that she could defend herself, she agrees to let them come on the condition that they would hide somewhere the client could not see them and that if they were malicious, to let the local authorities handle it.

====Round IV - Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams====
{{Main|Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams}}
Making their way to Sumeru, the group arrives at [[Caravan Ribat]] when Charlotte suggests getting a bodyguard in case the client was malicious. While looking around, they spot [[Cyno]], who had just won the tournament and is now the official King of Invokations. Learning that they were investigating criminal activity, Cyno agrees to help apprehend them. He suggests to Kirara that she lie down if they were thieves, which she refuses and decides to inform them by keeping one tail up and the other down. Arriving at the spot, Kirara meets with the client, [[Dedebaba]] and his lackeys [[Pabag]] and [[Papak]]. As she gives the box to her, she gets too curious and asks Dedebaba to open the box. Coupled with her tails waving uncontrollably, he realizes something is off and tries to kill her, resulting in the Traveler and Cyno springing into action.

Cyno and the Traveler easily subdue the Treasure Hoarders before he begins grilling them over the package. They reveal that the box was full of Genius Invokation TCG card backs as some of the members were getting fed up of small gigs and wanted something larger to make them known all across Teyvat. Papak reveals that the card backs actually had a secret message in them that would be revealed to mobilize the groups that have and didn't have [[Sumpter Beast]]. However, some of these members ended up getting addicted to the game and began showing the card backs off, some of which ended up being lost to other unrelated parties and caused panic as they believed their plan would be leaked. Thus, they had rushed to collect all the card backs, using Komaniya Express as a third party to safely delivery the card backs to them before making new ones.

Returning to Caravan Ribat, Charlotte briefly interviews Cyno about the tournament before he leaves to resume his work. Charlotte is impressed by the turn of events as she now has an exclusive news piece to report back to her superiors, while Paimon ponders about the founders of the game. Kirara asks them to follow her for a special delivery, which was not assigned to her by the company as the sender had passed away and no one had come to claim it. Heading to [[Vimara Village]], they eventually find the recipient, [[Garvipidam]], who was one of the game's founders. Kirara delivers the package and tells him that it came from a Mr. [[Gulab]], causing Garvipidam to become depressed as he could not stay with his friend in his dying moments and that he was taken too soon for someone of his caliber. He had known Gulab since his youth and when they enrolled in the Akademiya, he was a [[Rtawahist]] Dastur, but soon became afflicted with [[Eleazar]] and died with it. While in the hospital, the two would take some card and paint them, beginning the start of the game.

Kirara then reminds Garvipidam to open the package and he finds a letter in it where Gulab apologized for his illness but wanted him to make new friends with the game. Accepting the apology, he then plays a match with the Traveler. The group notes that his mood appeared to have improved. Kirara tells them that when her boss gave her the package, she had a feeling that she had to deliver it to its owner and couldn't abandon it. The group then departs, with Charlotte returning to Fontaine and Kirara returning to Inazuma.

==World Quests==
===A Tour of Wonders===
{{Main|A Tour of Wonders}}
[[Onnea]] stops the Traveler and asks them if they are here for the King of Invokations Grand Prix and if they are willing to listen about an event hosted by the Adventurers' Guild called A Tour of Wonders. The Traveler agrees to hear about it. Onnea goes to tell them that the Adventurers' Guild has placed multiple Scenic Checkpoints in various locations across Mondstadt and they have to find these Scenic Checkpoints and mark their Sightseeing Handbook with the commemorative stamps at each location. However, she warns that some of the locations are in remote areas and there may be monsters in there but she is confident that the Traveler is capable of handling them. She hands the Traveler their Sightseeing Handbook and tells them to have fun.

===Zero Hour Invokation===
{{Main|Zero Hour Invokation}}
The Traveler approaches [[Frida]]. Frida introduces herself as an adventurer commissioned by the Adventurers' Guild to help organize the King of Invokations Grand Prix. She is in charge of a special duel event called Zero Hour Invokation. The Traveler asks how is it any different from the usual TCG duel, Frida explains that it is an unofficial tournament with its own set of rules. In Zero Hour Invokation, they will not be using their own decks. Instead, they will be choosing three out of eight incomplete pre-built decks to form a full deck and within the three decks, there are some newly released cards. Apart from that, the rest of the rules is identical to Genius Invokation TCG. Frida offers to help  building their deck and tells them that they can also visit other cities to try out Zero Hour Invokation there.

===Evermotion Mechanical Painting: Invoker===
{{Main|Evermotion Mechanical Painting: Invoker}}
The Traveler approaches [[Félix Yogue]]. He welcomes the Traveler and tells them that he is invited by Mondstadt Adventurers' Guild to create several Mechanical Paintings based on certain Genius Invokation TCG card faces that can be disassembled and reassembled. According to the Guild, the paintings will be brought to be used in the King of Invokations Grand Prix as a minigame to liven things up. He also mention that he has Mondstadt's mechanical paintings with him and the Traveler is free to play with it.

===Heart of the Dice===
{{Main|Heart of the Dice}}
The Traveler approaches [[Fein]], which caught him in surprise. The Traveler overheard him saying something about a tabletop game and they asks him about it. He explains that the game is called Heart of the Dice, an innovative tabletop game designed by an adventurer from the Adventurers' Guild that combines Genius Invokation TCG and combat. The Traveler asks how are they combining card games and combat, but Fein does not understand it either but all he knows that the core gameplay mechanism would be strategically using their dice. He invites them to try the game.

==Open-World Interactables==
===Tournament Notice, Mondstadt===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with Tournament Notice board)
:'''Tournament Notice:''' Timmie is breezing right through the tournament as if he has the blessing of the Anemo Archon! And now he's one of the favorites to win Mondstadt's regional final!
:'''Message:''' Little Timmie really is something else. You all should've seen him play against that [[Fischl|golden-haired lass]], the way he won...
:'''Anonymous Reply:''' How absurd! Did you not see the plume glowing with holy light on that young boy's back?
:'''Anonymous Reply:''' Its scorching light must have shackled and blinded the Prinzessin's Auge der Verurteilung and twisted the scales of fate!
:'''Anonymous Reply:''' I shall bring my faithful retainers from the [[Immernachtreich]], and vengeance shall be mine!
:'''Scribbled-Over, Almost Illegible Message:''' ██y, don't ██ too late. If you see this ██, don't ██ to come back ██ for ██.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Tournament Notice, Liyue===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with Tournament Notice board)
:'''Tournament Notice:''' Be sure to visit the food stalls next to the tournament grounds, with a variety of snacks sure to please the palate! The Limited Edition Minty Qingxin Cakes are selling out quick!
:'''Message:''' Do these Minty Qingxin Cakes live up to the hype? I keep coming back but I've never managed to get my hands on one...
:'''Reply:''' New to the tournament venue, huh? Word is that the snack is a favorite among the adepti, so it sold out on the first day.
:'''Reply:''' It does taste refreshing, but it's also just a little bit bitter.
:'''Reply:''' It's so bitter.
:'''Reply:''' It's so bitter my tongue shriveled.
:'''Reply:''' It tastes good.
:'''Reply:''' Ugh, now I'm curious! When's this snack gonna be back on sale? Come on, you're missing out on so much business!
:'''Reply:''' Speaking of the adepti... Do they also play Genius Invokation TCG?
:'''Reply:''' Everyone likes to have fun, right?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Tournament Notice, Inazuma===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with Tournament Notice board)
:'''Tournament Notice:''' In Inazuma's regional final, Guuji Yae Miko of the Grand Narukami Shrine will be facing off against Sangonomiya Kokomi, Divine Priestess of the Sangonomiya Shrine!
:'''Tournament Notice:''' Will the imperious crash of thunder make itself heard within the unfathomable deeps?
:'''Yae Publishing House Advertisement:''' The revised hardcover version of King of Invokations is now available for purchase at all tournament venues! Free gift of Forbidden Dice with each purchase!
:'''Message:''' I'll always support Yae Miko-sama!
:'''Reply:''' She doesn't have a chance. I'm confident Madam Sangonomiya Kokomi will be the one that emerges victorious.
:'''Reply:''' In your dreams! Why don't you put your money where your mouth is and bet on it?
:'''Reply:''' Bring it on! Loser pays for dinner!
:'''The Tenryou Commission's Reply:''' Please abide by the tournament venue's rules and enjoy the tournament in a respectful manner.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Tournament Notice, Sumeru===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with Tournament Notice board)
:'''Tournament Notice:''' The exciting King of Invokations Grand Prix is in full swing! Many outstanding players have emerged from the competiton. Come participate in the duels today!
:'''Message:''' Huh, I didn't think you building designers could play cards so well. Quite a few players from Kshahrewar made it to the quarterfinals.
:'''Reply:''' What do you mean, "building designers"? We study structural geometry and mechanism theory, and it's MUCH more complex than staring at words all day in Haravatat.
:'''Reply:''' "Staring at words all day"? You should try "staring at words" a bit, maybe then you'd learn to write! Linguistics and Rune Studies are both extremely profound fields of knowledge.
:'''Reply:''' Everyone has their specialties. But since nobody is willing to yield, why don't we organize an Interdarshan Invokation Championship?
:'''Reply:''' Good idea!
:'''Reply:''' Great idea!
:'''Reply:''' I'll see you at the tournament!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Character Appearances==
===Playable Characters===
The following [[playable characters]] appear in this event in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or in the open world. The prerequisite(s) shown in the prerequisite column need to be completed for characters to appear in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Round I !! Round II !! Round III !! Round IV !! Open World !! Open World Prerequisite
|-
|[[Arataki Itto]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Beidou]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || Complete [[Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams]]
|-
|[[Chongyun]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Cyno]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Diona]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || Complete [[Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams]]
|-
|[[Ei]]<!--[[Raiden Shogun]]--> || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Gorou]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Hu Tao]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Kaedehara Kazuha]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || Complete [[Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams]]
|-
|[[Kaeya]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Keqing]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Kirara]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Kujou Sara]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Kuki Shinobu]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Mika]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || Complete [[Commence! A Suspect Genesis]]
|-
|[[Mona]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Ningguang]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Sangonomiya Kokomi]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || Complete [[Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams]]
|-
|[[Tighnari]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || Complete [[Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams]]
|-
|[[Yae Miko]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|}

===Other Notable Characters===
The following notable non-playable characters appear in this event in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or in the open world. The prerequisite(s) shown in the prerequisite column need to be completed for characters to appear in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Round I !! Round II !! Round III !! Round IV !! Open World !! Open World Prerequisite
|-
|[[Charlotte]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|Yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} ||Complete [[Commence! A Suspect Genesis]]
|-
|[[Garvipidam]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Gulab]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|spec}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|}

{{check|spec}} &mdash; Cinematic only

===Event Exclusive Non-Playable Characters===
The following non-playable characters only appear during this event in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or in the open world.

{| class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Quests !! Open World !! class="unsortable"|Notes
|-
|[[Felix Yogue]]||{{Check|yes|Evermotion Mechanical Painting: Invoker}}||{{Check|yes}}||NPC for [[Duel! The Summoners' Summit!/Evermotion Mechanical Painting: Invoker|Evermotion Mechanical Painting: Invoker]]
|-
||[[Fein]]||{{Check|yes|Heart of the Dice}}||{{Check|yes}}||NPC for [[Duel! The Summoners' Summit!/Heart of the Dice|Heart of the Dice]]
|-
|[[Onnea]]||{{Check|yes|A Tour of Wonders}}||{{Check|yes}}||NPC for [[Duel! The Summoners' Summit!/A Tour of Wonders|A Tour of Wonders]]
|-
|[[Frida]]||{{Check|yes|Zero Hour Invokation}}||{{Check|yes}}||NPC for [[Duel! The Summoners' Summit!/Zero Hour Invokation|Zero Hour Invokation]]
|-
|[[Luozi]]||{{Check|no}}||{{Check|yes}}||NPC for Zero Hour Invokation in Liyue
|-
|[[Takugen]]||{{Check|no}}||{{Check|yes}}||NPC for Zero Hour Invokation in Inazuma
|-
|[[Dunia]]||{{Check|no}}||{{Check|yes}}||NPC for Zero Hour Invokation in Sumeru
|-
|[[Adrian]]||{{Check|yes|Commence! A Suspect Genesis}}||{{Check|no}}||Event Story Quest NPC
|-
|[[Eichendorff]]||{{Check|yes|Commence! A Suspect Genesis}}||{{Check|no}}||Event Story Quest NPC
|-
|[[Lennard]]||{{Check|yes|Commence! A Suspect Genesis}}||{{Check|no}}||Event Story Quest NPC
|-
|[[Little Fang]]||{{Check|yes|Roll! A Sea of New Acquaintances}}||{{Check|no}}||Event Story Quest NPC
|-
|[[Little Yu]]||{{Check|yes|Roll! A Sea of New Acquaintances}}||{{Check|no}}||Event Story Quest NPC
|-
|[[Dedebaba]]||{{Check|yes|Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams}}||{{Check|no}}||Event Story Quest NPC
|-
|[[Pabag]]||{{Check|yes|Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams}}||{{Check|no}}||Event Story Quest NPC
|-
|[[Papak]]||{{Check|yes|Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams}}||{{Check|no}}||Event Story Quest NPC
|}

===Regular Non-Playable Characters===
The following regular (not event-exclusive) non-playable characters appear in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or have unique dialogue in the open world.

{| class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Quests !! Dialogue
|-
|[[Huffman]]||{{Check|yes|Commence! A Suspect Genesis}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Margaret]]||{{Check|yes|Commence! A Suspect Genesis}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Timmie]]||{{Check|yes|Commence! A Suspect Genesis}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Baiwen]]||{{Check|yes|Roll! A Sea of New Acquaintances}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Brother Qian]]||{{Check|yes|Roll! A Sea of New Acquaintances}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Guanhai]]||{{Check|yes|Roll! A Sea of New Acquaintances}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Uncle Sun]]||{{Check|yes|Roll! A Sea of New Acquaintances}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Yong'an]]||{{Check|yes|Roll! A Sea of New Acquaintances}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Kaede]]||{{Check|yes|Cards Out! Grievances Begone}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Karpillia]]||{{Check|yes|Cards Out! Grievances Begone}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Kurisu]]||{{Check|yes|Cards Out! Grievances Begone}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Qiuyue]]||{{Check|yes|Cards Out! Grievances Begone}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Vahid]]||{{Check|yes|Cards Out! Grievances Begone}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Xixi]]||{{Check|yes|Cards Out! Grievances Begone}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Amadhiah]]||{{Check|yes|Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Arezo]]||{{Check|yes|Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Zadith]]||{{Check|yes|Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams}} || {{Check|no}}
|-
|[[Draff]]||{{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes|Culminate! Chatter of Joyous Dreams|Diona and Draff}}
|}

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Duel! The Summoners' Summit!|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Duel! The Summoners' Summit!}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|Duel! The Summoners' Summit! Soundtracks|type=quest}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

[[pt-br:Duelo das Invocações!/História]]
[[ru:Дуэль! К вершинам карточного мастерства!/История]]