{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02019
|image         = Archon Quest C2A3 Duel Before the Throne.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = III
|act           = Omnipresence Over Mortals
|part          = 7
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          = Blind Loyalty, Reckless Courage
|next          = The Omnipresent God
|domain        = Narukami Island: Tenshukaku (Quest Domain)
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*925;Primogem*30;Mora*44,000;Funerary Mask*1;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|characters    = Signora;Kujou Sara;Paimon;Raiden Shogun;The Shogun;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|2|3|part=7}}

==Steps==
# Chase Kujou Sara to [[Tenshukaku]]
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Narukami Island: Tenshukaku (Quest Domain)|Narukami Island: Tenshukaku]]
# Talk to [[Signora]]
# Defeat Signora in a duel before the throne
#* {{Enemy|La Signora|text=La Signora &mdash; Eighth of the Fatui Harbingers}}
# Leave Tenshukaku

==Gameplay Notes==
* The player will not be able to continue the quest if [[Asakura]] is involved in another, like the [[Commission]] [[An Art to Be Honed]].
* Completing this quest will grant the {{Achievement|Duel Before the Throne (Achievement)}}.
* After completing this quest, the Trounce Domain [[Narukami Island: Tenshukaku]] will be unlocked.

==Idle Quotes==
Certain NPCs during this quest have special idle quotes while following Kujou Sara to Tenshukaku. Most are unnamed fallen soldiers.

* {{A|vo dqaq106 6 yatakoki 01.ogg}} [[Yata Kouki]]: "Ma'am!"<!-- same as in the previous quest, but only this guy -->
* {{A|vo dqaq106 6 soldiere 01.ogg}} "*panting...*"
* {{A|vo dqaq106 6 soldiera 01.ogg}} "Ahem..."
* {{A|vo dqaq106 6 soldierb 01.ogg}} "Oh no..."
* '''[[Asakura]]:''' "Madam Kujou Sara, she..." (no audio)
* "We can't stop her..." (no audio)
* {{A|vo dqaq106 6 soldierd 01.ogg}} "What's going on..."<!-- not the same as in Proof of Guilt! -->
* {{A|vo dqaq106 6 soldierf 01.ogg}} "*grimace*..."
* {{A|vo dqaq106 6 soldierg 01.ogg}} "*pained grunt*"
* '''[[Takeshi]]:''' "What is going on..." (no audio)

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Kujou Sara]] storms towards the [[Tenshukaku]] in a fury. Realizing that this is your chance to meet the [[Raiden Shogun]] again, but an unexpected yet familiar figure greets you before the throne...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon approaching Signora within Tenshukaku)
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 01.ogg}} '''[[Signora]]:''' The way people charge in here as they please... So uncivilized.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 02.ogg}} '''Signora:''' If I didn't know this was Tenshukaku, I might have mistaken it for some kind of street market.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 03.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Have you learned your lesson now?
:;(Sara is shown lying on the floor, knocked unconscious.)
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, what has she done to Kujou Sara...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 raidenshogun 01.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' The right to punish [[Inazuma]]ns for their crimes is mine alone. Not yours, Signora.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 04.ogg}} '''Signora:''' ...Then I apologize, Almighty Shogun.
:{{DIcon}} Signora!
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 05.ogg}} '''Signora:''' I know, I know, you can't get me out of your mind. But you really don't need to call my name all the time.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 06.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Don't go thinking I'm surprised to see you here. I'm well aware that you hate me, with the way you follow me around like a dark shadow.
:{{DIcon}} You're secretly distributing [[Delusions]]...
:{{DIcon}} You're trying to seize control of Inazuma...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 07.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Ah, so you came to expose my crimes in front of the Shogun?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 08.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Hehehe... I'm just a [[Snezhnaya]]n diplomat. I'm afraid I have no idea what you're talking about.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She doesn't take us seriously at all...
:{{DIcon}} For all who have lost their [[Visions]]...
:{{DIcon}} For all who have been harmed by Delusions...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 09.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Stop talking about people and things that I care nothing about.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 10.ogg}} '''Signora:''' They were nobodies to begin with, and their names will be forgotten. But now, at least, they get to be building blocks in the grand revolution to realize eternity...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 11.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Is that not the greatest honor they could hope for in their tiny little lives?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 12.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Almighty Shogun... do correct me if I'm wrong?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 raidenshogun 02.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} For [[Venti]]'s [[Gnosis]]...
:{{DIcon}} And for the people of [[Liyue]] you imperiled...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 13.ogg}} '''Signora:''' That's ancient history. You certainly love to hold a grudge.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 14.ogg}} '''Signora:''' The [[Tsaritsa]]'s dream is the noblest and purest thing in all the world.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 15.ogg}} '''Signora:''' These other mundane details you insist on mentioning... They're just necessary sacrifices. That's all.
:{{DIcon}} It's time for me to put a stop to this.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 16.ogg}} '''Signora:''' You? Stop me? Hahaha...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 17.ogg}} '''Signora:''' For what it's worth, I've grown tired of seeing you around as well. But I didn't have you down as someone quite so foolhardy.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 18.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Before you go saying something you can't take back, remember that you're Inazuma's most wanted criminal... I suggest you consider your circumstances very carefully.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 19.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Charging into Tenshukaku uninvited and lecturing me in front of the Shogun wasn't the brightest move. Don't you think it's time you stopped digging?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 20.ogg}} '''Signora:''' I'm not sure you realize quite how much distance there is between us, both in status... and in strength.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq106 5 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' I challenge you...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 hero 02.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq106 5 heroine 02.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' ...To a duel before the throne!
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 21.ogg}} '''Signora:''' ...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 raidenshogun 03.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Proceed.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 22.ogg}} '''Signora:''' My, you're full of surprises today... So you've learned to make the law of the land work for you too, hmm?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 23.ogg}} '''Signora:''' I'll admit that I never expected to be in a situation where the two of us were on equal footing.
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 24.ogg}} '''Signora:''' You are aware... that the loser must die? Are you sure this is what you want?
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}...
:{{A|vo dqaq106 5 signora 25.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Hehehe... then I will deign to share this last dance with you... till death do us part.
----
;(Battle begins)
::{{A|vo monster signora ice battle 01.ogg}} '''Signora:''' A lesson on [[Harbinger]] power and elegance? Hah... as you wish.

:;(When Signora is low on health)
::{{A|vo monster signora ice shieldbroken 02.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Tsk tsk, you've got some nerve laying your hands on me.
::{{A|vo monster signora cocoon flowers 01.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Harbinger power has become burdensome, I will manifest my destiny anew... Await my emergence and tremble, Traveler. You have reason to be afraid.

:;(When Signora's ice cocoon shield is low)
::{{A|vo monster signora cocoon stab 01.ogg}} '''Signora:''' The pale flame smolders...

:;(Signora emerges from her ice cocoon as the [[Crimson Witch of Embers]] with restored health)
::{{Black Screen|'' Crimson Witch of Embers, Rosalyne-Kruzchka Lohefalter ''}}
::{{A|vo monster signora cocoon ice 01.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Pale flame, lay waste to this frozen shell and witness my suffering. In fires of sin and retribution, your soul will be incinerated!

:;(When the Crimson Witch of Embers has 2/3 of her health)
::{{A|vo monster signora fire idle 01.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Immolation... a cherished agony... do you feel it?<!-- is this a battle line or a dialogue line? -->
;(Battle ends)
----
{{Cutscene Description|After a vicious battle, Signora finally lies defeated at your hands. As per the rules of a duel before the throne, the vanquished will be executed by the Raiden Shogun. Though her fate is sealed, Signora remains indignant. However, the Raiden Shogun utterly disregards her threats, executing divine punishment all the same. As for you, the victor, the Shogun grants you leave to depart from Tenshukaku.}}

;(Cutscene starts)
::{{A|vo dqaq107 cs signora 01.ogg}} '''Signora:''' So strong...
::{{A|vo dqaq107 cs signora 02.ogg}} '''Signora:''' But... But how...

:;(The Raiden Shogun walks down from the Throne, which puts the Traveler on guard, but she walks past the Traveler and towards Signora)
::{{A|vo dqaq107 cs signora 03.ogg}} '''Signora:''' I am a Snezhnayan diplomat
::{{A|vo dqaq107 cs signora 04.ogg}} '''Signora:''' You know what happens if you lay a finger on me...
::{{A|vo dqaq107 cs signora 05.ogg}} '''Signora:''' I swear, if you strike me, I will make sure...
::{{A|vo dqaq107 cs signora 06.ogg}} '''Signora:''' The Fatui will make sure that your precious Inazuma...
::{{A|vo dqaq107 cs signora 07.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Stop! I order you!
::{{A|vo dqaq107 cs signora 08.ogg}} '''Signora:''' And you!
::{{A|vo dqaq107 cs signora 09.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Filthy rats... All of you!!!

:;(The Raiden Shogun executes Signora with the [[Musou no Hitotachi]])
::{{A|vo dqaq107 cs raidenshogun 01.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' You are the enemy of eternity...
::{{A|vo dqaq107 cs raidenshogun 02.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' But as the victor, I acknowledge your honor
::{{A|vo dqaq107 cs raidenshogun 03.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Therefore... I shall allow you to leave Tenshukaku alive
;(Cutscene ends)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Duel Before the Throne
|zhs     = 御前决斗
|zhs_rm  = Yù Qián Juédòu
|zht     = 御前決鬥
|zht_rm  = Yù Qián Juédòu
|zh_tl   = A Duel Before the Shogun{{Sino|zh|ja|part=1}}
|ja      = 御前試合
|ja_rm   = Gozenjiai
|ja_tl   = A Contest in the Shogun's Presence
|ja_note = This is an idiomatic expression (''yojijukugo'') which refers to the "game (contest) held in the presence of a lord (daimyo, shogun)"
|ko      = 어전시합
|ko_rm   = Eojeon Sihap
|ko_tl   = Match Before the Shogun{{Sino|ko|ja}}
|es      = Duelo ante el trono
|es_tl   = Duel Before the Throne
|fr      = Duel devant le trône
|fr_tl   = Duel Before the Throne
|ru      = Дворцовая дуэль
|ru_tl   = Palace Duel
|th      = การประลองต่อหน้าท่านโชกุน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Duel Before the Shogun
|vi      = {{tt|Ngự Tiền Quyết Đấu|御前決鬥}}
|vi_tl   = A Duel Before the Shogun{{Sino|vi}}
|de      = Duell vor dem Thron
|de_tl   = Duel Before the Throne
|id      = Duel di Istana
|id_tl   = Duel in the Palace
|pt      = Combate de Vida e Morte
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Saraydaki Düello
|tr_tl   = Duel in the Palace
|it      = Duello dinanzi al trono
|it_tl   = Duel Before the Throne
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[es:Duelo ante el trono]]
[[ja:御前試合]]
[[pt-br:Combate de Vida e Morte]]
[[vi:Ngự Tiền Quyết Đấu]]