{{EventTabs
|story    = true
}}
{{Event
|name              = Duelist Rising
|image             = Duelist Rising.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-12-05 14:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-12-14 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/26144
|link3             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20221205-card-cnhdui/index.html
}}
{{Description|It is believed by some that the first step to becoming a great card duelist is to collect all the cards!<br />The "Duelist Rising" Web Event has begun!<br />*Cards unlocked during this web event are for display purposes only. Travelers can unlock the actual cards from the in-game gameplay.}}
'''Duelist Rising''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.2]].

==Event Period==
December 5, 2022 14:00 – December 14, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, Travelers need to complete the designated missions to obtain Genius Invokation TCG Card Unlock Chances. Consuming Card Unlock Chances allows you to unlock various Genius Invokation TCG cards.
# Card Unlock Chances can be obtained by completing missions. The mission list will be refreshed at 00:00(UTC+8) every day, but the number of obtained Card Unlock Chances will not be reset.
# Before unlocking a card, Travelers can choose the Elemental Type of the Character Card that they want to unlock. Otherwise, the Elemental Type of the card to unlock will be decided randomly.
# Each Card Unlock Chance can unlock 1 Character Card and 4 Action Cards. Unlocked cards can be viewed in Card Archive. While unlocking the cards, you may trigger more information about Genius Invokation TCG alongside extra rewards.
# Apart from consuming Card Unlock Chances to unlock Character Cards, Travelers can also click the Ask for Help button below the specified card to look for a friend with this card to help unlock it.
# Should you have unlocked the card, you can click the Offer Help button below the specified card to help other Travelers unlock it.

==Event Rewards==
# During the event, Travelers will need to unlock the designated number of Character Cards. Upon completion, you can claim Primogems and other in-game items on the Rewards page.
# Unlocking a Character Card of a certain Elemental Type for the first time will grant you additional rewards. You can refer to the information on the event page to learn more.

===Unlock Rewards===
{|class="wikitable"
!Mission
!Reward
!Card Unlocks
|-
|Unlocked 7 Character Cards
|{{Card|Primogem|40}}
|
|-
|Unlocked 14 Character Cards
|{{Card|Mora|20,000}}
|Unlock all Weapon Cards in this event
|-
|Unlocked 21 Character Cards
|{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}
|Unlock all Artifact Cards in this event
|-
|Unlocked all Character Cards
|
|Unlock all Talent Cards in this event
|}

===Unlock Element Rewards===
{{Card|Agnidus Agate Fragment|1|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Varunada Lazurite Fragment|1|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Vayuda Turquoise Fragment|1|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Vajrada Amethyst Fragment|1|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Nagadus Emerald Fragment|1|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Shivada Jade Fragment|1|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Prithiva Topaz Fragment|1|show_caption=1}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# Rewards need to be collected manually. Rewards cannot be claimed after the event ends. Please claim them in time.
# The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Duelist Rising
|zhs     = 牌手预演
|zhs_rm  = Páishǒu Yùyǎn
|zht     = 牌手預演
|zht_rm  = Páishǒu Yùyǎn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = 
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 플레이어 예행연습
|ko_rm   = Peulleieo Yehaengyeonseup
|ko_tl   = Player Rehearsal
|es      = Entrenamiento preliminar
|es_tl   = Preliminary Training
|fr      = Initiation aux cartes
|fr_tl   = Card Initiation
|ru      = Подготовка игроков
|ru_tl   = Players' Preparations
|th      = การซ้อมมือของดูเอลลิสต์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bài Thủ Tập Chơi
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Einstieg neuer Kartenbeschwörer
|de_tl   = Entry Point for New Card Invoker
|id      = Lahirnya Pemain Sejati
|id_tl   = The Birth of a True Player
|pt      = Teste do Jogador
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bir Düellocu Doğuyor
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Duellanti alle prime armi
|it_tl   = Novice Duelists
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

[[fr:Initiation aux cartes]]
[[ru:Подготовка игроков]]