{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|group            = 
|image            = NPC Dulphy.jpg
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Aurelie's troupe
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm11698261|Rebecca Chiara Marano]]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/rcmvoice/status/1722686046591201448 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Dulphy''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|To Yesterday}}.

She was a member of [[Aurelie]]'s theatrical troupe, and is particularly close with [[Lauwick]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
The [[Traveler]] meets Dulphy when her troupe is searching for an actress to replace her in the troupe's last show to honor their late director, [[Aurelie]]. 

Dulphy was born with an incurable illness and abandoned by her parents. She lived on the streets struggling with money until she met Aurelie, who took her in, trained her in singing and acting, and helped pay for her medication.

Dulphy is shown to be stubborn yet selfless. When her chronic illness flares up, she tries to push through to make sure the final show succeeds. She also hides the fact that her new medication is becoming less effective, forcing her to keep increasing the dose. When her symptoms become unbearable right before her character's final scene, she yields and asks [[Furina]] to take her place, trusting that she understands the importance of the story to the troupe and to Aurelie. [[Lauwick]] then takes her back to the [[rehearsal location]], scolding her all the way. After taking her original medication, Dulphy begins to recover.

After the troupe disbands, Dulphy decides to prioritize her own health and take step back from acting for a while. Lauwick, relieved but still worried for her health, says that he too will hold off on returning until she fully recovers.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Dulphy
|zhs     = 迪尔菲
|zhs_rm  = Dí'ěrfēi
|zht     = 迪爾菲
|zht_rm  = Dí'ěrfēi
|ja      = ドルフィー
|ko      = 델피
|es      = Dulphy
|fr      = Dulphy
|ru      = Дюльфи
|th      = Dulphy
|vi      = Dulphy
|de      = Dulphy
|id      = Dulphy
|pt      = Dulphy
|tr      = Dulphy
|it      = Dulphy
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[vi:Dulphy]]