{{Location Infobox
|image        = Dunyu Ruins.png
|type         = Subarea
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Lisha
}}
{{Location Intro|{{Lang|'''Dunyu Ruins'''|zh=遁玉陵|zh_rm=Dùnyù-líng|zh_tl=Fleeing Jade Mausoleum}}|description=<p>It is one of the three locations where the [[Nameless Treasure]]s can be found.</p>}}

==Quests==
{{Quests by Category List|heo=1}}

==Features==
===Exploration===
*[[Bloatty Floatty]]
*[[Rock Pile]]
*[[Ruins Torch]]
*[[Seelie]]

===Enemies===
====Common Enemies====
{{Column|2|
*{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer}}
*{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire}}
*{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire}}
*{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard}}
*{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Electrohammer Vanguard}}
*{{Enemy|Large Dendro Slime}}
*{{Enemy|Pyro Slime}}
*{{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Crusher}}
*{{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger}}
*{{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Marksman}}
}}

====Elite Enemies====
*{{Enemy|Fatui Pyro Agent}}
*{{Enemy|Ruin Guard}}

===Local Specialties===
*{{Item|Cor Lapis}}

===Interactables===
*[[Ruins Investigation Logs]]
*Notices
{{Dialogue start}}
::'''Notice:''' "No Treasure Hoarders nearby, don't take caution to protect yourself and your belongings."
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Seems like some of the words were changed by someone.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Puzzles==
===Dunyu Ruins Puzzle===
Solving the puzzle grants access to the Geoculus and one [[Nameless Treasure]].
# Find the locked Geo totem in the main ruins, located northeast of the nearest Statue of the Seven.
# Light 4 torches using Pyro attacks. Two of the torches are located one level below the Geo totem.
# Activate the Geo totem with a Geo attack. This will drain the lake to reveal the Geoculus, which is protected by a barrier. You must guide 3 [[Seelie]]s to their courts to remove the barrier.
# The 1st Seelie is located near the Geo totem.
# The 2nd Seelie is near a Ruin Guard, located up the stairs to the east of the Geoculus. The Ruin Guard will activate when you come close.
# The 3rd Seelie is locked in a building located up the stairs to the west of the Geoculus.
# Start the challenge outside the building and defeat all the Hydro Slimes within 1 minute. This yields an Exquisite Chest.
# Go through the unlocked gate to find the 3rd Seelie, which will go up through a hole in the ceiling. Climb up from the outside through the window. You can also use [[Venti]]'s skill or [[Wind Catcher]] to glide up through the hole. There is a Luxurious Chest here.
# After the barrier is removed, you can glide down to get the Geoculus. The Luxurious Chest beneath it contains a [[Nameless Treasure]] (quest item).

==NPCs==
* [[Ziwei]]  &mdash; Astronomer
* [[Iron Ingot]]  &mdash; Miner

==Descriptions==
{{Description|The Land of Hidden Jade. But the war of ages past is long over, and the mounds of glittering jade have long been destroyed. Now, only the whisper of flowing water remains.|Viewpoint, [[Viewpoint/Dunyu Ruins|Dunyu Ruins]]}}
{{Description|Every corner of Dunyu Ruins is filled with ancient vestiges, suspended in time inside the dead lake.<br />Without a doubt, there is still a large amount of treasure of unknown origin yet to be discovered.|[[Expedition]] description}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dunyu Ruins
|zhs     = 遁玉陵
|zhs_rm  = Dùnyù-líng
|zht     = 遁玉陵
|zht_rm  = Dùnyù-líng
|zh_tl   = Fleeing Jade Mausoleum
|zh_note = According to the [[Records of Jueyun#Vol. 6|Records of Jueyun: Hidden Jade]], {{Lang|Dunyu|zh=遁玉|zh_rm=Dùnyù|zh_tl=fleeing jade}} comes from {{Lang|"the land to which beauteous jade flees"|zh=美玉遁逃之处|zh_rm=Měiyù Dùntáo zhī Chù|zh_tl=the place that the beautiful jade flees}}.
|ja      = {{Rubi|遁|とん|玉|ぎょく}}の{{Rubi|丘|おか}}
|ja_rm   = Ton'gyoku no Oka<ref>[[Map]], Label: Dunyu Ruins (Japanese)</ref>
|ja_tl   = Dunyu Hill
|ko      = {{tt|둔옥릉|遁玉陵}}
|ko_rm   = Dun'ok-reung
|ko_tl   = Dunyu Tomb
|es      = Ruinas de Dunyu
|es_tl   = Ruins of Dunyu
|fr      = Ruines de Dunyu
|fr_tl   = Ruins of Dunyu
|ru      = Гробница Дуньюй
|ru_tl   = Dunyu's Tomb
|th      = Dunyu Ruins
|vi      = {{tt|Tuần Ngọc Lăng|遁玉陵}}
|vi_tl   = Fleeing Jade Mausoleum{{Sino|vi}}
|de      = Dunyu-Mausoleum
|de_tl   = Dunyu Mausoleum
|id      = Dunyu Ruins
|pt      = Ruínas de Dunyu
|pt_tl   = Ruins of Dunyu
|tr      = Dunyu Harabeleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Rovine di Dunyun
|it_tl   = Dunyu Ruins
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Liyue}}

[[es:Ruinas de Dunyu]]
[[ja:遁玉の丘]]
[[pt-br:Ruínas de Dunyu]]