{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01018
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = I
|act           = Of the Land Amidst Monoliths
|part          = 4
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = Wangshu
|prev2         = Custodian of Clouds
|prev3         = Moulder of Mountains
|next          = An Organization Known as Wangsheng
|exp           = 300
|mora          = 9,300
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}
|characters    = Paimon; Tartaglia; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|1|part=4}}

==Steps==
#Return to [[Liyue Harbor]] and find [[Childe]]

==Achievements==
* Completing this quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Of the Land Amidst Monoliths (Achievement)|Of the Land Amidst Monoliths]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Having sought out the adepti and completed the task [[Moon Carver]] entrusted to you, you return again to [[Liyue Harbor]] to look for Childe. He tells you that the [[Liyue Qixing]]'s response to the archon's passing has given him some food for thought...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talking to Childe)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You've finally returned. How was your journey to Jueyun Karst?
:;(Fastforward the Traveler's explanation)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...I see.
;(If the Traveler met with all the Adepti)
::{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 03a 1.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Moon Carver, Mountain Shaper, Cloud Retainer, Conqueror of Demons...
::{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 03a 2.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Some of these names have never come up in the intel the Fatui gets hold of.
::{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 03a 3.ogg}} '''Childe:''' As a returning gift, I too have information for you.
;(If the Traveler met with Xiao but not some of the other Adepti) <!-- In the "Wangshu" quest, Xiao says he will seek out the other adepti. Wasn't able to try it out, but perhaps something changes if you do that quest first. -->
::{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 03b 1.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh, you didn't get to see all the adepti yourself? Oh as they say, it's up to fate, no?
::{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 03b 2.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Not a worry. If you have the free time, there's no harming giving in a go again.
::{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 03b 3.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Besides, the information on the conqueror of demons is already very valuable. As a returning gift, I too have information for you.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Regarding the archon's passing... The Liyue Qixing's response really has given me food for thought...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' They've announced that, as the true killer has not yet been found, they are not allowing anyone to pay their respects to the Exuvia.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' They've even gone so far as to try and cut off information... But with the Rite of Descension and all, even the Qixing isn't able to keep a lid on things.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Exuvia?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' It's common knowledge in Liyue that Rex Lapis is also an adeptus.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The Geo Archon is also the God of Contracts, and is also known as the Exuvia, Prime of the Adepti.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The mighty and illuminated adepti of today all signed contracts to protect Liyue back then.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess that explains why they're all so focused on Liyue's well-being.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Naturally. They both have the responsibility and the aptitude for the job.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' If the ruling Qixing became unable to perform their duty properly, the adepti have the right to take corrective action.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 12.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The Geo Archon's spirit has risen, so why would the Qixing hide his vessel!? Truly suspicious.
:{{DIcon}} This makes things difficult for me too.
:{{DIcon}} I agree, something is definitely not right.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Right! He's the whole reason we came here!
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If the Liyue Qixing has locked up Exuvia and won't let anyone near...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then (Traveler's) quest to find The Seven is already over!
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 13.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh? You're trying to find The Seven? And just why might that be, pray tell?
:{{DIcon}} Nothing to do with you.
:{{DIcon}} No comment.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 14.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Heh... nice answer.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 15.ogg}} '''Childe:''' A knight that gets duped by the Fatui would really be no knight at all now, would they?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 16.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But, I can help you with that too you know.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? Really?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 17.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Give me some time.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 18.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Time... to find someone.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 19.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Someone who can help you break through this stalemate.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 20.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Truly fascinating. The harder they try to silence the situation, the greater the chaos that erupts...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 19 tartaglia 21.ogg}} '''Childe:''' If you want to be around to see it all come crashing down, best you stay alive until we next meet, yes?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Dust to Dust
|zhs     = 返尘
|zhs_rm  = Fǎn Chén
|zht     = 返塵
|zht_rm  = Fǎn Chén
|zh_tl   = Return to Dust
|ja      = 塵に返る
|ja_rm   = Chiri ni Kaeru
|ja_tl   = Returning to Dust
|ko      = 속세 복귀
|ko_rm   = Sokse Bokgwi
|ko_tl   = Return to Mundane World
|es      = Polvo eres y en polvo te convertirás
|es_tl   = Dust You Are and Dust You Will Become
|fr      = Tu retourneras à la poussière
|fr_tl   = To Dust You Will Return
|ru      = Прах к праху
|ru_tl   = Dust to Dust
|th      = กลับสู่แดนมนุษย์
|th_rm   = Klap su Daen Manut
|th_tl   = Return to Human Land
|vi      = Quay Lại Trần Thế
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Staub zu Staub
|de_tl   = Dust to Dust
|id      = Kembali Menjadi Debu
|id_tl   = Back to Dust
|pt      = Retornando aos Reinos Mortais
|pt_tl   = Returning to the Mortal Realms
|tr      = Topraktan Gelen Toprağa Döner
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Polvere alla polvere
|it_tl   = Dust to Dust
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}

[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]

[[es:Polvo eres y en polvo te convertirás]]
[[fr:Tu retourneras à la poussière]]
[[ja:塵に返る]]
[[pt-br:Retornando aos Reinos Mortais]]