{{Location Infobox
|image        = Dwelling in the Clouds Puzzle Complete.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Minlin
|subarea      = Qingyun Peak
}}
The '''"Dwelling in the Clouds"''' is a small floating island overlooking [[Qingyun Peak]]. It is unlocked by completing the [[Qingyun Peak#Three Cranes Puzzle|Three Cranes Puzzle]].

==Interactables==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Read:''' "This place above the clouds is built on a foundation of Plaustrite, one of the marvels of the world. Its original purpose was to serve as my private sanctuary, somewhere where I could get away from the world and escape the highs and lows of normal life.
:'''Read:''' Then the adepti took over the place as somewhere they could focus on seeking ultimate truth in seclusion. Now that [[Taishan Mansion]] is sealed off, they finally returned the place to me.
:'''Read:''' It's great to have it back, but I'm over it now. I want to go back to the world for a bit &mdash; I'll probably start with [[Guili Plains]]. Fitting, really &mdash; a round trip to the Plains of Returning and Departing, as they're also known... Hover around for a while, then hover away on a hovering stone... Heh."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Lore==
The "Dwelling in the Clouds" was created by [[Cloud Retainer]] long ago as a place to meditate and reflect. She was later persuaded by other adepti, with the approval of [[Rex Lapis]], to provide it as the location of the trial of "heaven" for those who sought the path of the adepti. For this, she built a small pavilion there. The location later came to be known as "Jadevoid," named for its foundation of [[Plaustrite]] and the trial of traversing the void to follow the path of the adepti. The name "Jadevoid" would later evolve to encompass all places where the adepti reside.<ref name="xianyun jadevoid story">{{Ref/CS|Xianyun|Jadevoid}}</ref>

At some point, Cloud Retainer left the [["Dwelling in the Clouds" Blueprints|blueprints]] for the manmade island on the Dwelling, hoping that someone with an affinity for it would one day discover it. When that failed to pass, she had the [[Traveler]] retrieve it for her.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|An Adeptal Summons}}</ref>

The Dwelling in the Clouds is now under Cloud Retainer's care again, as those who are able to follow the path of the adepti are now rare.<ref name="xianyun jadevoid story" />

[[Zhongli]] visited the Dwelling in the Clouds on the fifth day after completing the {{Quest|The Stars Inscribe the Year's Wishes}}.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Liyue}}

[[ja:雲中仙居]]