{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Dwight Lasker.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Narzissenkreuz Institute
|affiliationNote  = formerly
|affiliation2     = Institute of Natural Philosophy
|title            = Institute's Director

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Dwight Lasker'''<ref group="Note" name="DwightFull">Dwight's full name can be deduced between [[Forgotten Vessel]] and [[Veteran's Visage]]'s descriptions.</ref> was the director of the [[Institute of Natural Philosophy]] around 400–500 years ago.<ref name="AncientNotes">Interactable: [[Institute of Natural Philosophy#Ancient Notes|Ancient Notes]]</ref> He was also a member of the [[Narzissenkreuz Institute]] before the [[cataclysm]], and a childhood friend of [[Basil Elton]], [[Emanuel Guillotin]] and [[Karl Ingold]].<ref name="FV">{{Ref/Arti|Forgotten Vessel}}</ref><ref name="VV">{{Ref/Arti|Veteran's Visage}}</ref>

==Profile==
Dwight was born before the cataclysm 500 years ago and was sent to the Narzissenkreuz Institute during his childhood, where he became friends with Basil, Emanuel, and Karl.<ref name="FV" /><ref name="VV" />

At some point, Dwight became the director of the Institute of Natural Philosophy, a position he held until middle age.<ref group="Note">The director's age is presumed to be similar to that of Basil and the other friends. This inference is based on details found in stories such as the [[Heroes' Tea Party]] and Basil's quotes, which indicate that they are no longer young.</ref> He recruited numerous child prodigies as researchers at the Institute. It is known that [[Coppelius]] worked at his Institute when he was a child. Dwight mentioned "Ever since he was a child, he's always been incredibly talented."<ref name="AncientNotes" />

During the cataclysm, Dwight closed the Institute for the safety of its members. He wanted to prevent the young ones to go out and engage in battle. Dwight believed that it was crucial to prioritize post-disaster reconstruction rather than sending people to die.<ref name="AncientNotes" />

After the cataclysm, Fontaine experienced "the first flood period,"<ref name="ReneNote">{{Ref/Item|Rene's Investigation Notes}}</ref> during which most of the buildings would gradually be submerged. Dwight had selected a good piece of land near the [[Fountain of Lucine]] as the new location for the Institute of Natural Philosophy. However, he was informed that the area would be replaced by the [[Opera Epiclese]]. Dwight felt dissatisfied with this decision and criticizing "They'd sooner set faces aflame with shame and laughter! To think that anyone could be so comical..."<ref name="AncientNotes" />

Later on, Dwight and others paid their respects at Basil's grave. Emanuel Guillotin introduced his adopted son, [[Alain Guillotin]], to Dwight, seeking Institute support for Alain. Dwight later met with the newly appointed Iudex (likely [[Neuvillette]]) and believed that he was "much more reliable than Leon and those other clowns."<ref name="AncientNotes" />

Alain's research and breakthroughs in [[clockwork meka]] caught Dwight's attention. Later, Alain achieved satisfactory results in the early phases of his research on [[Ruin Machine|Khaenri'ah war machines]] and [[Primal Construct]]s energy. Impressed by Alain's progress, Dwight increased the Institute's investment in his work. Additionally, Dwight took notice of Alain's research assistant, [[Carter Scherbius]], frequently taking leaves of absence.<ref name="AncientNotes" />

Afterwards, Alain introduced [[Rene de Petrichor]] and [[Jakob Ingold]] to Dwight. After some consideration, Dwight accepted them and arranged for them to work in Alain's lab.<ref name="AncientNotes" /> However, this decision caused discontent among other researchers.<ref name="Log3">Interactable: [[Ancient Log#Ancient Log #3|Ancient Log #3]]</ref>

Dwight visited Carter while he was unconscious and collected his blood samples in an attempt to find a cure or a way to mitigate his illness. Meanwhile, Rene learned about Carter's condition. He decided to separate himself and Jakob from Alain's project.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Enigmatic Page (IV)}}</ref> Rene approached Dwight with a request for an independent research project related to the [[Abyss]], which included studying [[Durin]]'s [[Scarlet Quartz|blood]], [[Elynas (NPC)|Elynas]]' remains, and the [[Dark Mud]] from [[Liyue]].<ref>{{Ref/Item|Enigmatic Page (V)}}</ref> Dwight believed that the proposed research plan held significant practical value in addressing the toxins contaminating Fontaine's soil and water due to Elynas. Consequently, he decided to approve it. At the same time, Dwight discovered that Rene and Jakob were the adopted sons of his childhood friend, [[Karl Ingold]].<ref name="AncientNotes" />

Soon after, Alain achieved a remarkable feat by successfully inventing [[Arkhe]] energy systems, also known as "Pneumousia Energy."<ref name="4.0 SP">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/2E73BKNtOXI Version 4.0 Special Program]</ref> Dwight recognized this accomplishment as the biggest breakthrough in a century and believed that it had the potential to revolutionize society in its entirety.<ref name="AncientNotes" />

Dwight received a report regarding the [[Narzissenkreuz Ordo]] and their leader, referred to as the "[[Master]]."<ref name="Report">Interactable: [[Institute of Natural Philosophy#Ancient Investigative Report|Ancient Investigative Report]]</ref> He entrusted the investigation of the Narzissenkreuz Ordo to [[Emanuel Guillotin]], a former [[Marechaussee Hunter]] and his childhood friend.<ref name="AncientNotes" />

The whereabouts of Dwight are currently unknown. In present day, the [[Traveler]] found the [[Key to Some Place in the Institute|key]] to Dwight's office inside a chest within [[The Narzissenkreuz Ordo]] and discovered several [[rifthound]]s in his office.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Dwight Lasker
|zhs     = 德怀特・拉斯克
|zhs_rm  = Déhuáitè Lāsīkè
|zht     = 德懷特・拉斯克
|zht_rm  = Déhuáitè Lāsīkè
|ja      = ドワイト・ラスク
|ja_rm   = Dowaito Rasuku
|ko      = 드와이트<・: >라스커
|es      = Dwight Lasker
|fr      = Dwight Lasker
|ru      = Дуайт Ласкер
|th      = Dwight Lasker
|vi      = Dwight Lasker
|de      = Dwight Lasker
|id      = Dwight Lasker
|pt      = Dwight Lasker
|tr      = Dwight Lasker
|it      = Dwight Lasker
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}