{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Dyed Tassel.png
|set   = Long Night's Oath
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|An ancient heavy helmet. It is an heirloom that bears the mark of a venerable lineage of northern warriors.}}
'''Dyed Tassel''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Long Night's Oath]].

==Description==
It is said that the first [[Torchforger]] hailed from the wintry city of the furthest north, the Nightingale's emblem a mark of his illustrious heritage.<br>
Originally engaged as spies, the family was elevated to the gentry by the [[Belyi Tsar|Winter Tsar]];<br>
And thus did this man of humble origin step into the [[Zapolyarny Palace|royal palace]], now mingling among the [[Snowland Fae|fae]] dignitaries of the court.<br>
When the nations found themselves swept up by that [[Cataclysm|calamity]], the frontier regions &mdash; once the locus of high hopes during the pioneering age &mdash; found themselves bereft of the [[gods]]' protection.<br>
In [[Nod-Krai]]'s darkest hour, from the north came only a single rider clad in dark silver armor.<br>
As if knowing why he had come, the maiden of the new moon lit a beacon to dispel the darkness.

On the eve of their departure for the [[Lempo Isles]] to the south, a grand banquet was held for the warriors in the great mead hall.<br>
Of those present, the most striking was undoubtedly a certain young warrior, clad in a dark tasseled helmet, polearm clutched in hand.<br>
Among the {{tt|Ratniki|Russian for "warriors"}} of the time, few are those who still wore such archaic, cumbersome armor,<br>
For it symbolized their bloodline as [[Lightkeepers|descendants of those warriors]] who first fought alongside the Torchforger to repel the [[The Wild Hunt|black tide]].<br>
Despite having neither fief nor noble title, they continued to uphold the oaths of their ancestors,<br>
For they believed that somewhere out there, the lord of all fae and erstwhile protector of all [[Snezhnaya]] watched over them still.

Amidst the sludge-sullied tundra, now soaked too in the blood of heroes, the young warrior knelt among the bodies of his fallen comrades.<br>
Sacrifice had always been the {{tt|Ratnik|Russian for "warrior"}}'s fate and honor; but if he could save one more soul, rescue just one other, then all the better.<br>
And so, like his ancestors before him, he prayed to an old god that no one now called upon, as well as to the {{tt|Knyazes|Slavic title equivalent to prince or duke}} he had once held dominion over.<br>

Perhaps awakened by the sound of the horn, or drawn by the long-forgotten scent of bloodshed, or maybe just out of boredom,<br>
Somewhere out there, as if in answer to his pleas, a long-dormant phantom stirred from slumber.<br>
That ghostly blue wildfire of which ancient legends spoke would burn brightly anew on fresh fields of battle...<br>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Dyed Tassel
|zhs      = 被浸染的缨盔
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 被浸染的纓盔
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 染められし羽兜
|ja_rm    = Somerareshi Utou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = Dyed Feather Helmet
|ko       = 피로 물든 투구
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Morrión Contaminado
|es_tl    = Contaminated {{w|Morion (helmet)|Morion}}
|fr       = Pompon teint
|fr_tl    = Dyed Pompom
|ru       = Окрашенный шлем
|ru_tl    = Dyed Helmet
|th       = Dyed Tassel
|vi       = Mũ Giáp Bị Nhuốm Màu
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Gefärbter Quastenhelm
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Dyed Tassel
|pt       = Elmo Tingido
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Boyalı Püskül
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Nappa colorata
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Long Night's Oath}}

[[fr:Pompon teint]]
[[ja:染められし羽兜]]
[[vi:Mũ Giáp Bị Nhuốm Màu]]