{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20521
|type          = Commission
|region        = Mondstadt
|npc           = Harris
|summary       = Harris is worried that Iris did not bring proper supplies for her reconnaissance of Dragonspine, so he asks the Traveler to deliver some hot food to her.
|startLocation = [[Windwail Highland]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Harris; Iris; Paimon; Traveler
|requirement   = 
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}

'''Eat It While It's Hot''' is a daily [[commission]] in [[Windwail Highland]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Speak to [[Harris]]
#*The player acquires [[Harris' Special Cream Stew]]
#Deliver the food to [[Iris]] within the designated time
#*The food must be delivered within 70 seconds
#*If the timer runs out, the quest is reset

==Notes==
*There are multiple locations at which Iris can appear.
*Similar to the [[While It's Warm]] event, the timer continues to count down even while in-game menus are open.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The aroma of food wafts toward you from a camp below [[Dragonspine]] &mdash; but Chef Harris seems anxious about something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Harris)
:'''Harris:''' How can she go adventuring without her adventure fuel...
:{{DIcon}} "Adventure fuel"?
:'''Harris:''' Oh, I mean hot food. I was talking about Iris, the explorer &mdash; she should really get some hot food in her...
:'''Harris:''' She wants to organize an expedition into the mountains for a team of explorers. But she plans to head up alone first, camp out for a bit, and observe the conditions before coming up with a definite plan.
:'''Harris:''' The camp isn't all that far away, and it's still easy enough getting supplies delivered there...
:'''Harris:''' But still, camping up in the mountain, out in the snow... I feel like a hot meal would give her the extra energy she needs.
:'''Harris:''' I, however, wouldn't dare make the trip myself... what about you? Could you deliver this Cream Stew to Iris for me?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Harris:''' Thanks.
:{{DIcon}} Where do I find her?
::'''Harris:''' She said that the camp is partway up the mountain.
::'''Harris:''' She's a seasoned adventurer and knows to exercise caution. She won't have strayed far from the camp.
:'''Harris:''' This dish has been made fresh and is still piping hot. You'd better get it to Iris quickly. In these conditions, it'll go cold fast, and it won't be worth eating if that happens.
:'''Harris:''' That said, worst-case scenario, if you run into trouble along the way and the food becomes collateral damage, just come back here and I'll cook you a new one.
:;(Obtain [[Harris' Special Cream Stew]] ×1)

;(Talk to Harris again)
:'''Harris:''' This dish is a write-off once it goes cold. You should get going.

;(If timer runs out before delivery)
:'''Paimon:''' This dish has gone stone cold, we can't deliver it now...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's ask Harris for a fresh serving.
----
;(Talk to Iris)
:'''Iris:''' Hmm? What are you doing here? Are you an explorer, too?
:{{DIcon}} This Cream Stew is for you.
:'''Iris:''' Ah, Harris must have sent you. Thank you.
:'''Iris:''' I'd better not get used to his delicious cooking, or I'll never be able to go back to those dehydrated meal replacements...
:'''Iris:''' Haha, I'm just joking. As an adventurer, I know when to grin and bear it when it comes to food.
:{{DIcon}} Will you climb further up the mountain?
:'''Iris:''' Of course, this camp is just a stopover. I'll wait for a good opportunity, then see if I can set up camp a bit further on.
:'''Iris:''' Safe to say there'll be no hot food after that point.
:'''Iris:''' I'm not going to advance before it's safe to do so, though. After a little more observation here, I'll head back to camp, draw up a plan of action, and then make my decision.
:'''Iris:''' Thanks for coming all this way just to get some food to me. Here, take these in return.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Eat It While It's Hot
|zhs     = 趁热食用
|zhs_rm  = Chèn Rè Shíyòng
|zht     = 趁熱食用
|zht_rm  = Chèn Rè Shíyòng
|zh_tl   = Eat While Hot
|ja      = 美食は熱いうちに
|ja_rm   = Bishoku wa Atsui Uchi ni
|ja_tl   = While the Delicious Food is Hot
|ko      = 음식은 식기 전에
|ko_rm   = Eumsik-eun Sikkki Jeon-e
|ko_tl   = Eat It Before It Cool
|es      = Aprovecha que está caliente
|es_tl   = Dig In While It's Hot
|fr      = À servir chaud
|fr_tl   = To Be Served Hot
|ru      = Подавать горячим
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = กินตอนร้อน ๆ อร่อยที่สุด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Eating (it) While It's Hot is The Most Delicious
|vi      = Tranh Thủ Còn Nóng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Preis ist heiß
|de_tl   = The Prize is Hot
|id      = Sajikan Selagi Hangat
|id_tl   = Serve While It's Hot
|pt      = Coma Enquanto Está Quente
|pt_tl   = Eat While It's Hot
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}