{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23010
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Eat and Learn.png
|npc           = Jafar
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = 
|characters    = Jafar; Traveler
|rewards       = Delicious Minty Bean Soup*1/Mint Version;Delicious Panipuri*1/Potato Version;Delicious Shawarma Wrap*1/Raw Meat Version
|otherRewards  = 
* AR-Dependent Rewards
* Grants the {{Achievement|What's the Matter?}} if all three possible variants of the Commission have been completed.
}}
'''''Eat and Learn''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Jafar]]
#Give the cooking ingredients to [[Jafar]]
#*Give Jafar a [[Mint]]
#*Give Jafar a [[Potato]]
#*Give Jafar a [[Raw Meat]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing all three versions of the commission grants the {{Achievement|What's the Matter?}}

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}
Jafar will also reward one of the following upon completion:
*{{Item|Delicious Minty Bean Soup|x=1}}
*{{Item|Delicious Panipuri|x=1}}
*{{Item|Delicious Shawarma Wrap|x=1}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The foodie researcher Jafar is still studying "eating" today...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Jafar, optional)
:'''Jafar:''' (Hmm, I should keep in mind to enjoy my life...)

;(Talk to Jafar)
:'''Jafar:''' You seem to be in a rush, my friend. What's bothering you?
:{{DIcon}} Lots of things...
::'''Jafar:''' Ah... Indeed, I can see that you are tired and pressed for time.
::'''Jafar:''' You must have something on your mind that needs to be resolved as soon as possible.
:{{DIcon}} I'm alright, actually.
::'''Jafar:''' Oh, that's good, that's good.
::'''Jafar:''' Still, your steps are hurried. You seek to fix some problem or another, perhaps?
::'''Jafar:''' Well, I don't know what problem it is that you seek to solve, but I have a suggestion...
:'''Jafar:''' Rather than rushing about, I'd like to invite you to have a delicious meal with me if you are willing to wait but a little while.
:'''Jafar:''' Haste is indeed a normal part of life, yes... but as we often put it, even a raging river must sometimes flow peacefully through a serene stream.
:'''Jafar:''' You must take a little break every now and then.
:'''Jafar:''' Hmmm...
:;(Dialogue continues randomly based on the version of the commission)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Panipuri Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Jafar:''' Why don't we enjoy some Panipuri?
:'''Jafar:''' You don't have to pay me any Mora. Just help me find a Potato.
:'''Jafar:''' Any hey, don't make a big deal out of looking for one.
:'''Jafar:''' Remember, you are looking for a regular, run-of-the-mill potato, and there's no wrong choice.

;(Talk to Jafar)
:'''Jafar:''' Please find me {{color|buzzword|a Potato}}.
;(Give Jafar a Potato)
:'''Jafar:''' Ah, now that's a nice potato. Just wait a moment...
:{{Black Screen|Jafar has the ingredients ready and starts cooking...}}
:'''Jafar:''' These are the Panipuri made with the ingredients you brought. Please help yourself.
:;(Dialogue continues in Conclusion)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Shawarma Wrap Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Jafar:''' How about we enjoy some Shawarma Wraps?
:'''Jafar:''' You don't have to pay me any Mora. Just help me find a piece of Raw Meat.
:'''Jafar:''' It doesn't matter how you find the Raw Meat, by the way.
:'''Jafar:''' Just remember that you are looking for a piece of Raw Meat. This is no troublesome matter, and you shouldn't see it as such.

;(Talk to Jafar)
:'''Jafar:''' Please find me {{color|buzzword|a piece of Raw Meat}}.
;(Give Jafar a piece of Raw Meat)
:'''Jafar:''' That is very fresh meat indeed! Now, please wait here for a while.
:{{Black Screen|Jafar has the ingredients ready and starts cooking...}}
:'''Jafar:''' These are the Shawarma Wraps made with the ingredients you brought. Please help yourself.
:;(Dialogue continues in Conclusion)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Minty Bean Soup Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Jafar:''' Why don't we enjoy some Minty Bean Soup together?
:'''Jafar:''' You don't have to pay me any Mora. Just help me find a sprig of Mint.
:'''Jafar:''' Ah, yes &mdash; and don't be too picky when you search for that mint sprig.
:'''Jafar:''' Remember, you are just looking for a regular sprig. You aren't looking for troubles of any kind.

;(Talk to Jafar)
:'''Jafar:''' Please find me {{color|buzzword|a sprig of Mint}}.
;(Give Jafar a sprig of Mint)
:'''Jafar:''' That is an excellent sprig of Mint, indeed! Now, please wait here a while.
:{{Black Screen|Jafar has the ingredients ready and starts cooking...}}
:'''Jafar:''' This is the Minty Bean Soup, made with the ingredients you brought. Please help yourself.
:;(Dialogue continues in Conclusion)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Conclusion===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:'''Jafar:''' My pleasure. Enjoy your meal!
:'''Jafar:''' To me, eating means leaving all my exhausting work and research behind for a time...
:'''Jafar:''' I let my mind flow peacefully through that serene stream... this is how I relax.
:'''Jafar:''' Well, enjoy your meal to the fullest. I hope that it can also put your mind at ease.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Eat and Learn
|zhs     = 食与学
|zhs_rm  = Shí yǔ Xué
|zht     = 食與學
|zht_rm  = Shí yǔ Xué
|zh_tl   = Food and Learning
|ja      = 食と学
|ja_rm   = Shoku to Gaku
|ja_tl   = Food and Study
|ko      = 음식과 학문
|ko_rm   = Eumsikgwa Hakmun
|ko_tl   = Food and Study
|es      = Erudición gastronómica
|es_tl   = Gastronomic Erudition
|fr      = Alimentation et apprentissage
|fr_tl   = Feeding and Learning
|ru      = Еда и наука
|ru_tl   = Food and Learning
|th      = อาหารและการศึกษา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ẩm Thực Và Học Hành
|vi_tl   = Cuisine and Study
|de      = Speisen und Studien
|de_tl   = Dishes and Studies
|id      = Makan dan Belajar
|id_tl   = Eat and Learn
|pt      = Alimentos e Estudos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ye ve Öğren
|tr_tl   = Eat and Learn
|it      = Mangiando s'impara
|it_tl   = One Learns by Eating
|it_note = This is a play on the idiom {{it|Sbagliando s'impara|one learns by making mistakes.}}
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
==Navigation ==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru|In Series}}

[[es:Erudición gastronómica]]