{{Character Infobox
|type             = Historical
|deceased         = Past
|affiliation      = Mondstadt Aristocracy
|region           = Mondstadt
|father           = Landrich
|sibling          = Ingbert
|siblingNote      = Half-brother
|sibling2         = Parsifal
|siblingNote2     = Half-brother
}}
'''Eberhart''' was a historical figure who lived in [[Mondstadt]] during the [[Timeline#The Aristocratic Period|Aristocratic period]]. He was the half-brother of [[Parsifal]] and [[Ingbert]]. Due in part to his illegitimacy and the stories he heard of the old aristocracy, he came to resent his noble lineage and yearned to restore the original glory of the aristocracy, regardless of the cost.

He was the owner of the [[Unnamed Gladiator]] and manipulated the gladiator into continuing to fight even after he had won his freedom. After his gladiator's death at [[Vennessa]]'s hands, he would eventually become the mastermind behind the deaths of the [[Dragonspine]] expedition team primarily comprised of young Mondstadt aristocrats. During this event, he was grievously wounded and his ultimate fate has been left unknown.

==Profile==
===Personality===
{{Quote|So what if those who came after should despise me? I will do anything to achieve my goals.|Eberhart<ref name="Favonius Lance">{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Lance}}</ref>}}
Eberhart was cruel and manipulative, using his glib tongue and promises of fine rewards to entice his unnamed gladiator into continue fighting &mdash; and killing &mdash; for his sake.<ref name="gladfin">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Gladiator's Finale}}</ref><ref name="DM">{{Ref/Weapon|Deathmatch}}</ref> He uses this sort of manipulation later on to persuade the rest of the expedition team that those lost in the snowstorm would be able to make it back safely, and incite them to investigate a different location before their intended one in the hopes of reducing the numbers of the remaining members of the expedition.<ref name="AIJ2">{{Ref/Book|Ancient Investigation Journal: Part II}}</ref>

Eberhart believed that the ends justified the means, and was willing to stoop to all sorts of vile methods to achieve his goals. This included goading his half-brother Parsifal into becoming a criminal who eventually fled Mondstadt, as well as manipulating and eventually killing Parsifal's lover, the [[Blue-Eyed Spear Witch]].

==Story==
Little is known about Eberhart's origins or lineage, but he was an illegitimate heir to an aristocratic family, likely [[Landrich]]'s.<ref name="AIJ3">{{Ref/Book|Ancient Investigation Journal: Part III}}</ref> According to the author of the [[Ancient Investigation Journal]]s, this may have led him to plot a rebellion against his fellow aristocrats.

Eberhart owned an unnamed gladiator, and manipulated the gladiator into continuing to fight for his entertainment even after the man had won his freedom. This gladiator would eventually fall at Vennessa's hands.<ref name="gladfin" /><ref name="AIJ2" />

Some time before the expedition to [[Dragonspine]], Eberhart incited his legitimate brother [[Parsifal]] to become a phantom thief and then eventually deceived him, forcing him to flee.<ref name="AIJ3"/> Somewhere in this same time period, Eberhart studied under the Blue-Eyed Spear Witch, becoming her disciple to better learn how to use a spear.<ref name="Favonius Lance"/> After learning her ability to target fatal flaws, he used her love for Parsifal<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Crescent Pike}}</ref> as an opportunity to betray her and kill her.<ref name="Favonius Lance"/> It's unclear what his reason was for killing her, but his reason for causing his brother to flee was ostensibly so that he had a better chance of claiming legitimacy.<ref name="AIJ3" />

Some time after the death of his gladiator, Eberhart would embark on an expedition to Dragonspine alongside [[Ingbert]], [[Nick]], [[Luther]], and some other unnamed members. However, by this time, he already conspired to betray the aristocrats and laid several well-planned traps that dwindled the group's numbers down to only himself, Ingbert, and Luther. He attempted to slay Ingbert and Luther personally, and while he succeeded in taking down Ingbert and mortally wounding Luther, was gravely injured himself. He made it back to his boat with little trouble and left for Mondstadt, knowing that if news somehow made it back to Mondstadt, then [[Priscilla]] &mdash; a woman who was familiar with both Eberhart and Luther, but ultimately chose Eberhart's side &mdash; would light a torch at Stormbearer Point to warn him.<ref>{{Ref/HEO|Ragged Records}}</ref> According to Luther, this plot to kill Ingbert was probably to move ahead in the line of succession.<ref name="AIJ3"/>

According to [[Stevens]], there is no record of Eberhart returning to Mondstadt and so his fate afterwards is unknown,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Land Entombed}}</ref> although he has presumably died by now. It is also unclear whether the revolt he was going to be part of was Vennessa's rebellion or something entirely different, and whether he managed to take part in it or not.

==Trivia==
* Eberhart was likely the young noble that had the [[Royal Spear]] crafted and practiced with it in secret, as many of the details match up.

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Eberhart]]
[[pt-br:Eberhart]]