{{EventTabs
|story = false
}}
{{Event
|name              = Echoes of The Chasm
|image             = Echoes of The Chasm.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = <!--Flagship/Login/Submission-->
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-06-23 13:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-06-30 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/21709
|link2             = https://www.hoyolab.com/topicDetail/2525
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|The endless tunnels are paved with layers of soil and mud. Venture down valleys and canyons, follow the luminescent light, and awaken the echoes of ancient times.}}
'''Echoes of The Chasm''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 2.7]].

==Duration==
* June 23, 2022 – June 30, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)

==How to Participate==
# Head over to the page and click to play at least three tracks in the OST album.
# Click "Share to Win [[Primogems]]" at the bottom of the current page and choose a social media platform to share it to your personal social media homepage.<br />*Please note that your personal social media homepage is required to be made public.

==Event Rewards==
Among Travelers who have listened to the soundtracks and successfully shared the event, 2 million winners will be randomly selected and gifted with Primogems ×40 and an event-exclusive [[HoYoLAB]] avatar frame!<br />
We will inform you of the lucky draw results and the redemption codes for Primogems via HoYoLAB's forum message within 7 days after the event ends. The winners can redeem the received codes on the Genshin Impact official website or in-game.<br />
The redemption codes will expire after 3 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time~

==Event Rules==
# Travelers are allowed to participate multiple times in this event, but can only win the rewards once. The rewards will not be stacked.
# Given the large number of winners, the list of winners will not be announced this time. Please remember to check the lucky draw results via system message in HoYoLAB before July 7th. The redemption codes for Primogems are valid July 3rd, 00:00 through July 6th, 23:59:59. Winners who miss the deadline will be deemed to have forfeited their rewards. Please kindly wait for the arrival of your results and remember to check your HoYoLAB's forum message regularly.
# After sharing the event to your personal social media homepage, tagging content that violates laws, regulations, or community rules along the shared post is prohibited.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}
[[ru:Эхо из Бездны]]