{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Eduardo Baker.png-->
|realname         = 
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|affiliation2     = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = Jakob
|relative         = 
}}
'''Eduardo Baker''' was a historical figure and the outlaw leader of [[Fleuve Cendre]] before the [[cataclysm]]. He is the father of [[Jakob]].<ref name="FCF">{{Ref/Item|Fleuve Cendre Ferryman}}</ref> 

==Profile==
Eduardo is a [[Fontaine]] figure and a prominent figure in Fleuve Cendre before the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago. He used to operate taverns in Fleuve Cendre, where the [[Parsifal the Great]] and her younger sister [[Josephine]] performed when they were just starting their careers.<ref name="TFGM">{{Ref/Item|The First Great Magic}}</ref>

Eduardo and his wife had their child Jakob born in Fleuve Cendre, in the underground of [[Court of Fontaine]]. Initially, Eduardo protected the residents of Fleuve Cendre, using a bronze pipe to defeat the "richly nutritious water" and countless "livestock," such as crocodiles. He also protected the merchants from getting extorted, harassed, and blackmailed by the gangs, resolving the disputes between Fleuve Cendre "compatriots", and blessing the newly wedded. Eduardo became an outlaw leader who maintained order in Fleuve Cendre, gathering numerous followers. He once declared, "Let all that the sun shines upon belong to them, and let the Fleuve Cendre belong to us."

Eduardo was among those arrested resisting the purge of the Fleuve Cendre, and while being escorted to exile in the [[Great Red Sand|desert]]. He was rescued by his henchmen. Banding together with comrades active near [[Mont Automnequi]], they occupied [[Poisson]], and seizing the members of the [[Maison Gardiennage]] charged with transporting them as hostages, they made a series of unreasonable demands.<ref name="FCF"/> Parsifal, or possibly Josephine, who portrayed "Parsifal", also joined Eduardo's resistance group.<ref name="FCF" /><ref name="TFGM" /> Before the situation deteriorated further, [[Karl Ingold]] took a photograph of Eduardo, Jakob, the current mayor of Poisson [[Renault de Petrichor]] and his son [[Rene de Petrichor]], "Parsifal", Rosa Reed and her husband Thompson with their infant, and Tom Alter.<ref name="FCF" />

Eduardo presumably died during the [[Siege of Poisson]].<ref>Interactable: [[Institute of Natural Philosophy#Ancient Notes|Ancient Notes]]</ref><ref name="ReneNote">{{Ref/Item|Rene's Investigation Notes}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|As the Khvarena's Light Shows}}</ref> Eduardo's son Jakob and Renault's son Rene were sent to the [[Narzissenkreuz Institute]]. 

"Parsifal" used her trick to save Karl during the siege.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Moment of Judgment}}</ref> Many years later, during the cataclysm, the Narzissenkreuz Institute was submerged in water. Before [[Basil Elton]] set out, she entrusted Jakob and Rene to Karl, leading Jakob to change his surname to Ingold.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Veteran's Visage}}</ref>

<!--
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
-->
==Trivia==
* Eduardo used the [[Fleuve Cendre Ferryman]] as a weapon and called it the "Ferryman".<ref name="FCF" />
<!--
===Etymology===

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Eduardo Baker
|zhs     = 爱德华多・贝克
|zhs_rm  = Àidéhuáduō Bèikè
|zht     = 愛德華多・貝克
|zht_rm  = Àidéhuáduō Bèikè
|ja      = エドワルド・ベイカー
|ja_rm   = Edowarudo Beikaa
|ko      = 에드워드<・: >베이커
|es      = Eduardo Baker
|fr      = Eduardo Baker
|ru      = Эдуардо Бэйкер
|th      = Eduardo Baker
|vi      = Eduardo Baker
|de      = Eduardo Baker
|id      = Eduardo Baker
|pt      = Eduardo Baker
|tr      = Eduardo Baker
|it      = Eduardo Baker
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}