{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Efim Schneitzevich.png
|realname         = 
|region           = Snezhnaya
|location         = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Fatui
|affiliation2     = House of the Hearth
|title            = Teacher
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
{{Lang|'''Efim Snezhevich'''|ru=Ефим Снежевич|ru_rm={{#invoke:ru-rm|main|Ефим Снежевич}}}} is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|The Replacement's Secret}}. He is referred to by the [[Fatui]] operatives in [[Inazuma]] as the "Teacher."

==Profile==
Efim is a Snezhevich,<ref group="Note">Snezhevich is not a surname. It is a {{w|Eastern Slavic naming customs#Patronymics|patronymic}}, meaning "Son of Snow" in Russian. This is a masculine term.</ref> an orphan raised by the [[Fatui]], and [[Lyudochka Snezhevna]]'s superior. He grew up in the [[House of the Hearth]], and was an instructor there during [[Crucabena]]'s tenure as the House's head. After the current [[Arlecchino]] killed Crucabena and became the new head, Efim broke off from the House with some unsuspecting subordinates and continued pursuing the old Knave's directives, pretending to be following the new Knave to control his subordinates. His true goals and loyalty are unknown.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Chitose}}</ref>

After a ceasefire was announced between the [[Inazuma Shogunate]] and [[Watatsumi Army]], Efim and his subordinates arrived in [[Inazuma]] to restart the war by "poisoning" [[Watatsumi Island]] by posing as Shogunate personnel. He claimed to Lyudochka that he hoped that this would improve Arlecchino's prestige following [[Signora]]'s death.

He sent Lyudochka to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] and three others across [[Ritou]] and [[Inazuma City]]. Lyudochka began to enjoy life in Inazuma and started stalling her assignments, which he was made aware of after [[Tae]] informed him of her discovery of a light novel in Lyudochka's purse. Efim snapped at this as he was well aware of her intentional stalling and gave her his [["Final Instructions"]] before leaving, unaware that they were being listened in on by the [[Traveler]]. The Traveler defeated Lyudochka, who expressed remorse and opposed the plan. As her life was in danger by Efim as long as she was alive, the Traveler asked [[Momoyo]] to make a fake body double and put Lyudochka's clothes on them. Momoyo let herself get captured by the Fatui and Lyudochka's "corpse" was discovered, which Efim verified as hers from the clothing. Annoyed that his critical piece was gone, he tasked his subordinates to interrogate Momoyo and continue the operation as planned before being recalled to [[Snezhnaya]], unaware that the Shuumatsuban were fully aware of his plans.

===Appearance===
Efim has short swept-back grey hair and blue eyes. He wears the typical Fatui uniform.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Efim Snezhevich
|zhs     = 叶菲・雪奈茨维奇
|zhs_rm  = Yèfēi Xuěnàicíwéiqí
|zht     = 葉菲・雪奈茨維奇
|zht_rm  = Yèfēi Xuěnàicíwéiqí
|ja      = エフィ・シュナイツェビッチ
|ko      = 레핀<・: >슈나이제비치
|es      = Efim Snezhevich
|fr      = Efim Snezhevich
|ru      = Ефим Снежевич
|th      = Efim Snezhevich
|vi      = Efim Snezhevich
|de      = Efim Snezhevich
|id      = Efim Snezhevich
|pt      = Efim Snezhevich
|tr      = Efim Snezhevich
|it      = Efim Snezhevich
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist|1}}

[[pt-br:Efim Snezhevich]]
[[vi:Efim Snezhevich]]