{{About|the Event [[World Quest]]|the [[Version 2.4]] event|Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72674
|title         = Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas
|image         = Event Quest Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Chinju Forest
|subarea       = 
|event_name    = Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 30
* Complete [[Ritou Escape Plan]] and [[Tanuki-Bayashi in the Forest]]
|startLocation = [[Chinju Forest]], [[Inazuma]]
|next          = Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas: Snowswept Fairytale
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
* Unlocks the [[Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas]] event
|characters    = Ioroi; Kichiboushi; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas''' is an Event Quest for an event of the same name.

==Steps==
# Head to [[Chinju Forest]] to visit [[Ioroi]]
# Talk to [[Kichiboushi]]
# Talk to Ioroi
<!--
==Notes-->

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You have not gone to see Ioroi of Chinju Forest for quite some time now. Perhaps it's time to pay the sealed king of bake-danuki a visit...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon logging in)
:'''Paimon:''' Come to think of it, how's Ioroi doing nowadays?
:'''Paimon:''' Why don't we go to Chinju Forest to look for him? For all we know, he might've popped out of his stone stature already!

;(Approach Ioroi)
:'''Ioroi:''' Eeek&mdash;! The scent of humans! Nay, I am but a statue! A handsome, mighty statue, yes, but still&mdash;!

;(Talk to Ioroi)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey there, Ioroi!
:'''Ioroi:''' Eeek! You saw through me? How did... Wait, no, this scent...
:'''Ioroi:''' Ah, so it's you. It has been so long, I could not recognize your scent!
:'''Paimon:''' And you haven't changed at all, Ioroi &mdash; still scared of humans and stuck in a stone!
:'''Ioroi:''' Mmm!? What do you mean by that?
:{{DIcon}} Hope your seal can be lifted soon.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon means that we hope that your seal will soon be lifted.
:'''Ioroi:''' Bah, it is but a human seal! If I were but to try harder...
:{{DIcon}} *cough*
:'''Ioroi:''' ...
:'''Ioroi:''' Well. Regardless, I see you have taken goof care of the little ones. My little tanuki often say that they enjoy playing with their nice-smelling yellow-furred (Aunt/Uncle).
:{{DIcon}} Yellow-furred (Aunt/Uncle)...
:{{DIcon}} Nice-smelling...
:{{DIcon}} Also, it's not (Aunt/Uncle). It's Big (Sis/Bro).
:'''Ioroi:''' And here I had thought that humans were all the same as that fellow who had us sealed &mdash; wicked and scary. But it seems that there are still some good eggs amongst you.
:{{DIcon}} Most people are alright.
:{{DIcon}} Why, thank you.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right. Most of the people we've met are good people! You got sealed because you stole that comb...
:'''Ioroi:''' Hmph! And I've returned it! So if you ever meet that fellow who learned magic from [[Reizenbou]], tell him to get me out of this stone!
:'''Ioroi:''' Mmph! When you get down to it, everything is that sneaky kitsune's fault...
:'''Paimon:''' (Ioroi really complains like some old geezer, huh?)
:{{DIcon}} (Well, he is quite old.)
:'''Ioroi:''' Well then, neither your hands nor legs are made of stone, so you've been to many places, surely?
:'''Paimon:''' Yup! We came right over the ocean, you know?

:'''You tell Ioroi about your adventures in Mondstadt and Liyue.'''

:'''Ioroi:''' ...So, there are so many lands abroad. Very impressive.
:'''Ioroi:''' I have been subsisting off reports from the little tanuki all this while, and so do not know what the outside world is like.
:'''Ioroi:''' Once upon a time, I stood at the summit of [[Mt. Yougou]] and saw a very, very high mountain on the other side of the ocean. It was possibly even taller than Mt. Yougou. I still wonder, even today, what that place was.
:{{DIcon}} Across the ocean, you say...
::'''Paimon:''' That's gotta be [[Dragonspine]], right?
:{{DIcon}} From the direction you're referring to, that's probably Dragonspine.
:'''Ioroi:''' Mmmm, Dragonspine? Just thinking about that name makes my tummy feel cold. Goodness knows why that fellow wants to go there...
:'''Ioroi:''' ...
:'''Ioroi:''' As I said earlier, you are fine folks, yes? So...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon can smell this request coming a mile away!
:'''Ioroi:''' Mmm! Even like this, I am still the Hidden Protector of the Grove, defender of Chinju Forest, and thusly appointed by Her Excellency herself! If I was not sealed in stone, I would certainly use an eight-tatami large...
:{{DIcon}} Alright then. What do you need help with?
:{{DIcon}} Well...
::'''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon knows what you mean, (Traveler)! Will there be treasure?
::'''Ioroi:''' Treasure? Why, of course! I am the chief of five hundred and five bake-danuki, after all! Not a single one of Inazuma's treasures has ever escaped my sight.
::{{DIcon}} In that case, what do you need help with?
:'''Paimon:''' That's right, we're super good at helping!
:'''Ioroi:''' Though I cannot move on my own power, the little children can do so. As such, I would like to ask you to take the little tanuki out to train.
:'''Ioroi:''' Take [[Kichiboushi]] with you. He has been quite eager to see you since the last time you played together &mdash; quite eager indeed!
:{{DIcon}} Well, we can do that...
:{{DIcon}} One question, if you would...
:'''Paimon:''' That's true. We can't understand what Kichiboushi says, so wouldn't traveling together be kinda tough?
:'''Ioroi:''' Impossible. We tanuki understand human speech by nature. It is you humans who do not speak ours.
:'''Paimon:''' What? Is that how it is?
:{{DIcon}} But as travel companions...
::{{DIcon}} We'd like to chat as we travel, you know?
:'''Paimon:''' Just like Paimon does with (Traveler)!
:'''Ioroi:''' Mmph. Very well then. Now that I consider it, didn't someone once use our magic to make you some food?
:'''Ioroi:''' Now, I may look like this, but making you a "meal" that can allow you to understand Kichiboushi's speech is hardly impossible nonetheless.
:'''Paimon:''' Woo-hoo! Food!
:{{DIcon}} Is it gonna taste good, though...
:'''Ioroi:''' Now, now, don't you underestimate my culinary prowess!

:'''Although you can't be sure where Ioroi got it from...'''
:'''You and Paimon have a feast that "looks very delicious" off Ioroi's stone tummy.'''

:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, this is great!
:'''Ioroi:''' Of course. I am Ioroi, you know &mdash; the very same who once made [[Sashimi Platter]]s out of mud balls and tanuki fur to utterly deceive the Four Oni of Ogata!
:'''Paimon:''' That's awesome, Ioroi! But so, what did you make the meal we just had out of?
:{{DIcon}} Some questions are best left unasked, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, forget it. Let's go find Kichiboushi and have a chat!

;(Talk to Ioroi again)
:'''Ioroi:''' Through the power of the bake-danuki meal made by mine own hands, you, too, may speak to the little tanuki. Go, try having a chat with Kichiboushi.
:{{DIcon}} We'll do that.
:'''Ioroi:''' Go, then, go. I have all the time in the world to go nowhere, but it is not so with my little tanuki.
----
;(Talk to Kichiboushi)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey there, Kichiboushi! Long time no see!
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' Mm! White Fur, Yellow Fur.
:{{DIcon}} I guess "Yellow Fur" must be me?
:'''Paimon:''' Who're you calling White Fur?
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' Mm, very strong. Can understand.
:{{DIcon}} I'm (Traveler), and this is Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' And you'd better remember that!
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' Squelch squelch [[Lavender Melon]].
:'''Paimon:''' What? Lavender Melon? And what's "squelch squelch" supposed to mean?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, at least we can kinda-sorta communicate...
:{{DIcon}} "Kinda-sorta" is kinda-sorta right.
:'''Paimon:''' Whatever the case, (Traveler), let's go back and see Ioroi again. We are taking Kichiboushi out on a long journey, after all.
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' Ioroi! Yey!
:'''Paimon:''' Yey!

----
;(Talk to Ioroi)
:'''Ioroi:''' Mm! How goes it?
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' Mm! See White Fur, Yellow Fur, very happy. Lavender Melon Kapow!
:{{DIcon}} Lavender Melon Kapow...
:'''Ioroi:''' Hmm, quite the bright spark, aren't you?
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' Kapow!
:{{DIcon}} So, what does Lavender Melon Kapow mean again...?
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' Kapow is Kapow. Lavender Melon is Lavender Melon.
:'''Ioroi:''' Well, it seems that communications have been established without any problems. Ah, mine "culinary" skills are as fine as ever!
:{{DIcon}} ...I suppose so?
::'''Paimon:''' Nope, not at all! We can't understand a thing Kichiboushi's saying!
:{{DIcon}} ..."Without any problems," he says...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, Ioroi, here's the thing...

:'''You tell Ioroi how the attempted interactions are going...'''

:'''Ioroi:''' Mmm, so that's how it is. Not to worry. It is because you are not yet used to Kichiboushi's aura.
:'''Ioroi:''' Take it slow! The more used to his aura you are, the better you shall understand him!
:'''Paimon:''' How slow are we talking about here?
:'''Ioroi:''' Ah, hmm. Let me think about that...
:'''Ioroi:''' Eh! Whatever the case, do not be in a rush!
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' Rush no good.
:{{DIcon}} You don't know either, do you?
:'''Ioroi:''' Hmph! I will have you know that I am Ioroi, the long-lived king of bake-danuki! I simply do not put such premiums on time as you humans do.
:'''Paimon:''' (Even though he's spent most of his time sealed in that stone statue...)
:{{DIcon}} Then why can you speak to humans just fine, Ioroi?
:'''Ioroi:''' Mmph! Such impertinence! Rather, you should ask why you humans may speak to us.
:'''Ioroi:''' Having lived as long and become as powerful as I have, I have had at least some interactions with humanity.
:'''Ioroi:''' A long, long time ago, I often spoke with tengu, kitsune, oni, youkai, and humans alike. And while human stories often concern themselves, at least half of them involve bake-danuki who transformed into humans.
:'''Ioroi:''' Half of the remaining half are indeed about humans themselves, and the other half are about all the other youkai.
:'''Ioroi:''' But even in this half, a good half concern we tanuki, who clad ourselves in the guise of the other youkai. Then half again of the tanuki tales are those concerning me.
:'''Ioroi:''' Mmph, as such, you may see that I am the greatest of them all. Naturally, speaking to you young ones is no tall order at all.
:{{DIcon}} I get it. Five over sixteen to Ioroi, yes?
:'''Ioroi:''' Mm? What's "Five Over Sixteen"? Is it something that one may eat?
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' Sounds delicious. Want to eat.
:'''Paimon:''' (Traveler)'s referring to the percentage of stories that you're involved in, Ioroi.
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' Ioroi. Powerful!
:'''Ioroi:''' Hah, why of course! You have much to learn from my powers, you do.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Come to think of it, we're starting to get what Kichiboushi is saying, aren't we?
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' White Fur smart.
:'''Paimon:''' That might have been praise, but Paimon sure doesn't feel good about it.
:'''Ioroi:''' Good, good. Then I leave this child in your hands. Take him to go see the world and train!
:'''Ioroi:''' Why, when I was but a young tanuki, I too went on a pilgrimage to eighteen sites in Inazuma along the trail of the great bake-danuki [[Tsukumo]], never once straying from the tanuki paths &mdash; only thus did I reach my present stature.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Is that why you were sealed in stone?
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' Mm-haha! Stone!
:'''Ioroi:''' Eh!? You too, Kichiboushi...?
:'''Paimon:''' Ahem! So, uh, back on topic! Where should we go first?
:{{DIcon}} There's that place Ioroi mentioned earlier...
::'''Paimon:''' Uh-huh! Dragonspine it is, then!
:{{DIcon}} How does Dragonspine sound?
:'''Paimon:''' "If there's a mountain, we shall climb it" &mdash; ah, Paimon's been waiting for a chance to say something cool like that!
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' Mountain, there!
:'''Ioroi:''' Oooh, that sounds cold... Don't let your tummy get cold now, Kichiboushi. You'll catch a cold otherwise, and if you do, you won't be able to perform using your belly drum.
:'''Ioroi:''' Also, remember to eat properly and follow (Aunt/Uncle) Yellow Fur like a good boy.
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' Understand! Following (Aunt/Uncle) Yellow Fur!
:{{DIcon}} We'll take good care of Kichiboushi, don't worry.
:{{DIcon}} Don't you worry.
:{{DIcon}} It's not (Aunt/Uncle). It's Big (Sis/Bro).
:'''Paimon:''' Pleased to meet you, Kichiboushi!
:'''"Kichiboushi":''' Mm! No worry! Kichiboushi take care of you!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, looks like we're not completely getting through to him...
;(Quest completes)
----
;(Talk to Ioroi again)
:'''Ioroi:''' I leave Kichiboushi in your trusty hands. He is quite wise. Once he grows older, I plan to pass my titles of "Bake-Danuki King" and "Protector of the Grove" unto him.
:'''Ioroi:''' So, please take good care of him. Make sure he doesn't catch a cold!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas
|zhs     = 山海八所巡礼
|zhs_rm  = Shānhǎi Bā Suǒ Xúnlǐ
|zht     = 山海八所巡禮
|zht_rm  = Shānhǎi Bā Suǒ Xúnlǐ
|zh_tl   = Pilgrimage to the Eight Mountains and Seas
|ja      = 山海八処の巡礼
|ja_rm   = Sankai Hassho no Junrei{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Pilgrimage to the Eight Mountains and Seas
|ko      = 산해 여덟 곳의 순례
|ko_rm   = Sanhae Yeodeol Got-ui Sunrye
|ko_tl   = Pilgrimage to the Eight Mountains and Seas
|es      = Vuelta al mundo en siete días
|es_tl   = Around the World in Seven Days
|fr      = Huit sites au-delà des montagnes et des mers
|fr_tl   = Eight Sites Beyond Mountains and Seas
|ru      = Восемь мест от гор до морей
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ทริปแห่งขุนเขาและท้องทะเลทั้งแปด
|th_rm   = Tharip Haeng Khunkhao Lae Thong Thale Thang Paet
|th_tl   = Trip of the Eight Mountains and Seas
|vi      = Ngao Du Sơn Hà
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Übungsreise an acht Schauplätzen
|de_tl   = Practice Trip at Eight Venues
|id      = Delapan Penjuru Gunung dan Laut
|id_tl   = Eight Corners of the Mountains and Seas
|pt      = Oito Passeios sobre Montanhas e Mares
|pt_tl   = Eight Trips Over Mountains and Seas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}