{{Stub|More info from [[Springtime Charms]] event}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type      = Lore
|type2     = Liyue Culture
|image     = 
}}
The '''Eight Adepts''' lived in [[Liyue]] around the time of the [[Archon War]]. They were said to have had [[adeptus]]-like abilities, despite not being actual adepti.<ref name="Celebrates">{{Ref/Quest|Liyue Celebrates and Eight Adepts Face a Hidden Calamity}}</ref>

During the Archon War, they worked together to subdue the god [[Tao Dou]] when he disrupted the boundary between life and death. To do so, they used the [[Seven-and-Eight-Gates Method]], which cost the life of one of their members &mdash; the Lone Butterfly of the Crimson Flame.

==Known Members==
{| class="article-table"
! Subgroup !! Name !! Specialty
|-
|rowspan=3 | Three Hermits of Guizang
|Wind Reader
|Qimen Arts
|-
|Yunlai Angler
|Yunlai Swordsmanship
|-
|Wuwang Kid (Old Man Wuwang)
|Qihuang Sigils
|-
|rowspan=2 | Two Sages of Lianshan
|Sage Hu
|Gourd crafts
|-
|Sage Jian
|Bronze mirrors
|-
|rowspan=3 | Three Beasts of Tao Dou
|Lone Butterfly of the Crimson Flame
|
|-
|Jade-Plumed Silverwing
|
|-
|Gold-Eyed Celadon Mare
|
|}

==Lore==
It is said that Wind Reader and the Silverwing went traveling together following the defeat of Tao Dou. According to clan genealogies, Wind Reader's descendants became the [[Lan Yan|Lan Clan]] of [[Chenyu Vale]].<ref name="Celebrates" /> They continue to practice his Qimen Arts to this day, and treat the Silverwing &mdash; a silver sparrow &mdash; as one of their treasured symbols.

The Gold-Eyed Celadon Mare took to wandered the [[Qingce Village|Qingce]] mountain range in her form as a white horse.<ref name="Celebrates" /> If the tales of '[[Moonlit Bamboo Forest]]' are to be believed, she had a somewhat haughty personality, but was ultimately kind.

Very little is known of the Two Sages of Lianshan, except that they practiced the secret art of Lianshan and preferred to live in seclusion. The [[Hidden Palace of Lianshan Formula]] was once their place of cultivation.<ref name="Celebrates" />

The Yunlai Angler's rod-wielding techniques are believed to have formed the basis of Yunlai Swordsmanship, a sword-fighting style that is still practiced today (e.g., by [[Keqing]]).<ref name="Celebrates" />

Old Man Wuwang, who is said to have looked up to the Lone Butterfly, took up her mantle after she disappeared. He trained the founders of [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] in her methods, passing down the responsibility of guarding the border between life and death. Presumably, he also taught them about his own specialty, Qihuang sigils, which could be used to "catch demons, heal disease, and protect lives from the encroaching presence of death."<ref name="Celebrates" />

==Trivia==
* The Eight Adepts may have been inspired by the {{w|Eight Immortals}} from Chinese folklore.

==Gallery==
{{Furnishings by Category Gallery|titlematch=Eight Adepts%|header=furnishings inspired by the Eight Adepts}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}