{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Elchingen.png
|deceased         = Killed by [[Yurochka]]
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Fatui
|title            = Rich Businessman
|title2           = Fatui Remnant Member

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Elchingen''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]] event.

He introduces himself as a wealthy businessman from [[Fontaine]] who is sponsoring [[Kautilya]]'s [[Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament]], but is eventually revealed to be a [[Fatuus]] and a former subordinate of [[Il Dottore]]'s who seeks to gain his master's attention by wreaking havoc in [[Sumeru]] and eliminating the Traveler.

==Profile==
Elchingen claimed to be a wealthy, experienced businessman from Fontaine who has lived in Sumeru for a while and thus has adopted their clothing and traditions. However, other businesspeople attending the tournament remarked that his business decisions indicated that he was a rookie merchant who suddenly gained a fortune and did not know how to capitalize on it,<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Jutta}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/NPC|Yanbei}}</ref> while [[Yae Miko]] was suspicious of how he amassed such a large fortune without attracting any fame.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Most Fantastic Tournament You've Never Heard Of?}}</ref> It is unknown how much of his background is true after the revelation that he is a member of the Fatui.

In reality, Elchingen was a subordinate and admirer of Il Dottore's who sought an opportunity to cause chaos in Sumeru and to that end, bribed Kautilya, who had discovered a way to modify the Capturing Device and Withering Potion previously designed by [[Amurta]] scholars; the Capturing Device was modified into the [[Wisdom Orb]], while the Withering Potion was the basis for Floral Jelly. The two used the tournament as a ploy to gather [[Fungus|Fungi]] and make people drop their guard around the elemental creatures. After holding the contest a few times and integrating Fungi into people's everyday life, they would use a backdoor command installed on the Wisdom Orbs to take control of the Fungi and use them to cause destruction throughout Sumeru.<ref name="Biggest Crisis">{{Ref/Quest|The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Crisis!}}</ref><ref name="Missive">{{Ref/Item|Cyno's Missive}}</ref>

When the Traveler and [[Paimon]] appeared as contestants and made it to the Ultimate Trial, Elchingen decided to use the opportunity to make a name for himself in the Fatui by eliminating the Traveler with the Fungi, posing it as an unfortunate accident, and let Kautilya take all the blame. However, he overestimated the effectiveness of the Wisdom Orbs' backdoor command and [[Bongo-Head]] remained loyal to the Traveler. Yae Miko also easily broke the technique Elchingen used to seal the domain for Ultimate Trial and brought herself, [[Layla]], and [[Haniyyah]] into the arena. After rousing their respective Fungi from Elchingen's control, they proceeded to use their elemental companions to defeat Elchingen's minions.<ref name="Biggest Crisis" />

Elchingen fled the arena, only to find the [[Matra]] and the [[Corps of Thirty]] awaiting him. He and Kautilya were arrested and were set to be transferred to prison.<ref name="Missive" /> While awaiting his transfer, Elchingen managed to escape capture and sought to seek help from nearby Fatui divisions. However, an unnamed Fatui commander, who saw him as a liability and a danger to the Fatui, anticipated his actions and ordered [[Yurochka]] to rendezvous with Elchingen around [[Chatrakam Cave]], posing as an ally and assassinating him when the time was right, then eliminate the rest of Elchingen's subordinates.<ref name="Letter">{{Ref/Item|Mysterious Fatui Letter}}</ref> Based on the relevant description for the [[Special Wisdom Orb]], Yurochka succeeded in disposing of Elchingen,<ref>{{Ref/Item|Special Wisdom Orb|quote=If you look closely, you can even find [...] some blood. It seems that not only did someone snatch this, but that they might have met with some misfortune afterward...}}</ref> although the Traveler can encounter Yurochka and either defeats or kills him, leaving his status on the rest of his task unknown.

===Personality===
To most of his subordinates in the tournament, Elchingen was an amiable and reasonable boss compared to Kautilya. However, he reveals himself to be rather overconfident in his own abilities, readily admitting to his schemes once he believed his plan was guaranteed to succeed and becoming shocked when several individuals exploited the flaws in his plan.<ref name="Biggest Crisis" />

Elchingen deeply admired his master, Il Dottore, and wanted to prove his worth to the Harbinger. In optional dialogue, he tells the Traveler that their performance with Bongo-Head convinced him that "the relationship between master and servant improves dramatically when the servant is well-behaved."<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Unfathomable Defenses}}</ref> After Dottore departed from Sumeru, Elchingen blamed it on the Traveler &mdash; even though Dottore's reasons for leaving Sumeru actually had nothing to do with them &mdash; and hoped to kill the outlander. Elchingen's hastiness to get the attention of his superiors raised the ire of some of his other colleagues, which proved to be his undoing; an unnamed Fatui commander ordered Elchingen's assassination to prevent him from endangering other Fatui divisions.<ref name="Letter" />

===Appearance===
''(To be added)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Elchingen
|zhs     = 埃尔欣根
|zhs_rm  = Āi'ěrxīngēn
|zht     = 埃爾欣根
|zht_rm  = Āi'ěrxīngēn
|ja      = エルヒンゲン
|ja_rm   = Eruhingen
|ko      = 엘힝겐
|ko_rm   = Elhinggen
|es      = Elchingen
|fr      = Elchingen
|ru      = Эльхинген
|th      = Elchingen
|vi      = Elchingen
|de      = Elchingen
|id      = Elchingen
|pt      = Elchingen
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Elchingen]]