{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Dunyarzads Eleazar.png
|caption      = Dark, hardened scales are a symptom of Eleazar
|type         = Lore
|region       = Sumeru
}}
'''Eleazar''' was a chronic illness that was unique to [[Sumeru]].<ref>{{Ref/Loading|Eleazar}}</ref> It is a manifestation of [[The Withering]] on the human body<ref name="triumphant">{{Ref/Quest|Like a Triumphant Hero}}</ref> and is positively correlated with a person's elemental content.<ref name="Hospital - Report">{{Ref/HEO|Eleazar Hospital Notes|note=Diagnostic Report}}</ref>

Eleazar was eradicated upon the cleansing of [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]]'s tainted consciousness from Irminsul in {{Quest|Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies}}, but it had no cure prior to that event.

==Overview==
Eleazar is a manifestation of the Withering on the human body,<ref name="triumphant" /> and commonly presents as dark, hardened scales growing on a person's body, with slight numbness in the affected area, causing clumsiness. As it advances, patients experience fatigue and progressive nerve damage, particularly as the scales develop into ulcers and eventually necrose.<ref name="Hospital - Records">{{Ref/HEO|Eleazar Hospital Notes|note=Medical Records}}</ref> Patients ultimately become unable to control their own bodies and are rendered immobile.<ref name="chronic">{{Ref/Quest|Chronic Illness}}</ref> The afflicted may also fall into a coma as the disease progresses.<ref name="Hospital - Records" />

The typical conditions for the onset of Eleazar have not been detailed, but [[Collei]]<ref>{{Ref/Manga|14|pg=16}}</ref> and [[Dunyarzad]]<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Coming of the Sabzeruz Festival}}</ref> were born with Eleazar, while the late Arbaaz was described as "little,"<ref name="Etchings">{{Ref/HEO|Abbas' Escape|note=Unknown Person's Etchings}}</ref> suggesting he was rather young when he was admitted to the Eleazar Hospital.

From the Diagnostic Report of an unnamed doctor &mdash; likely [[Zandik]], who is also heavily implied to be [[Il Dottore]] &mdash; people with Eleazar have a higher elemental content than ordinary people.<ref name="Hospital - Report" /> While there is no true cure for Eleazar,<ref name="chronic" /> it can be controlled by managing and reducing elemental quantities within the bodies of those affected by Eleazar.<ref name="Hospital - Report" /> While testing his theory, the unnamed doctor found a treatment that was able to make a late-stage Eleazar patient's symptoms disappear completely.<ref name="Hospital - Records" /><ref name="Hospital - Report" />

Il Dottore and [[Barnabas|one of his subordinates in Sumeru]] successfully suppressed [[Collei]]'s Eleazar symptoms by infusing her with a god's remains (originally translated as ''archon residue'');<ref>{{Ref/VO|Cyno|About Collei}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Manga|12|2}}</ref> however, she was not only deeply traumatized by her experiences during her treatment,<ref name="chronic" /><ref>{{Ref/VO|Collei|More About Collei: III}}</ref> but also left with an unstable power over "black fire" and experienced other "plague"-like symptoms.<ref>{{Ref/Manga|2|1}}</ref> After [[Cyno]] sealed the god's remains inside her body, these side effects disappeared,<ref>{{Ref/Manga|13}}</ref> but she was then taken to [[Tighnari]] at [[Gandharva Ville]] for care due to the reemergence of her Eleazar symptoms.

[[Nilotpala Lotus]] can be used to help those suffering from Eleazar to recover energy,<ref name="chronic" /> and the forests of [[Sumeru]] are also effective at mitigating the effects of Eleazar,<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Kamran}}</ref> though the mechanism through which the forest alleviates the symptoms is unknown. However, the Withering has not only affected the forest, but has drastically worsened the effects felt by those afflicted by Eleazar.

==History==
One of the earliest occurrences of Eleazar, or symptoms that closely align with those of Eleazar, is recorded in [[Kasala]]'s memories. [[King Deshret]] inadvertently brought forbidden knowledge to his people, causing darkened scales to cover people's bodies and people heard crazed whispers in their minds. The land was wrought with death and destruction and even with [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]]'s help in erasing forbidden knowledge, King Deshret ultimately sacrificed himself to seal it away and his civilization collapsed.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Secret of the Scorching Desert}}</ref>

Sometime in the past, [[Sumeru Akademiya]] built a hospital at [[Dar al-Shifa]] in the [[Great Red Sand]] to study Eleazar and conduct research into treatments for the disease. A certain doctor, whose name was scrubbed out of extant records, found a successful treatment utilizing an unknown material. All that is known about it is that the "Specimens" saw this treatment as "blasphemous" due to their belief that Eleazar is inflicted as divine punishment.<ref name="Hospital - Report" /> [[Abbas]], a 23-year-old patient at the hospital, was the lone survivor out of a group of four and managed to escape the hospital by tunneling underground.<ref name="Etchings" /> The hospital was later abandoned for undisclosed reasons, and the Akademiya has barred all access to its ruins.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Juzjani}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/BB|Caravan Ribat Bulletin Board|Abandoned Eleazar Hospital}}</ref>

The [[Fatui]], led by Il Dottore, have also undertaken research on Eleazar and its treatment through the use of gods' remains. One of Dottore's subordinates obtained test subjects by claiming the Fatui had a cure and tricking parents into giving their Eleazar-afflicted children to them. Collei's parents were among those who handed their children to the Fatui.<ref name="chronic" /><ref name="Ch3-2">{{Ref/Manga|3|2}}</ref> While the Fatui performed their experiments in the desert, it is unclear whether they used the Eleazar Hospital in Dar al-Shifa, or if it was in another area of the desert; all that is known is that the facility has since become "charred ruins."<ref name="Ch3-2" /><ref>{{Ref/CS|Collei|4}}</ref>

Cases of Eleazar are increasing in Sumeru City, and residents with symptoms are encouraged to go to [[Bimarstan]] for treatment.<ref>{{Ref/BB|Mahamata Bulletin Board|Eleazar}}</ref>

Following the removal of Rukkhadevata's tainted consciousness from Irminsul, all symptoms of Eleazar disappeared and afflicted patients have recovered in just a few days.

==Characters with Eleazar==
Asterisks (*) denote characters who are known to have died from Eleazar or from complications during treatment.

* [[Abbas]]
* Akim*
* Arbaaz*
* [[Collei]]
* [[Dunyarzad]]
* Hakim*
* [[Kumar]]
* [[Emira]]*

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* ''Eleazar'' may be derived from the Hebrew אלעזר ("God has helped", el'azár), which is a Jewish given name. The more common name Lazarus derives from it.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Eleazar
|zhs     = 魔鳞病
|zhs_rm  = Mó Lín Bìng
|zht     = 魔鱗病
|zht_rm  = Mó Lín Bìng
|zh_tl   = Demon Scale Disease
|ja      = 魔鱗病
|ja_rm   = Marinbyou
|ja_tl   = Demon Scale Disease
|ko      = 비늘병
|ko_rm   = Bineulbyeong
|ko_tl   = Scale Disease
|es      = Eleazar
|fr      = Éléazar
|ru      = Элеазар
|th      = Eleazar
|vi      = Eleazar
|de      = Eleazar
|id      = Eleazar
|pt      = Eleazar
|tr      = Eleazar
|it      = Eleazar
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[de:Eleazar]]
[[ja:魔鱗病]]
[[ru:Элеазар]]
[[th:Eleazar]]