{{Hidden Exploration Objectives Infobox
|image      = 
|type       = Unordered
|req        = 
|region     = Sumeru
|area       = Land of Lower Setekh
|subarea    = Dar al-Shifa
|loc        = [[Dar al-Shifa]], [[Sumeru]]
|characters = Paimon;Traveler
}}
'''Eleazar Hospital Notes''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] that takes place in [[Dar al-Shifa]], [[Sumeru]]. Completing this objective grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Before My Time]]''.

==Steps==
# Enter the hidden Eleazar Hospital underground section in Dar al-Shifa
# Investigate the dust cloud left by a Masked Weasel (beside the spot [[Razak]] was at during the quest ''[[Cry From the Eleazar Hospital]]'') to obtain [[Ancient Key]].
# Unlock the old cabinet at the top of the ladder in the floor above using the Ancient Key

==Gameplay Notes==
* There are several optional interactables located in the underground section, which are not necessary to interact with for the Achievement but provide some more context into the situation at the hospital.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Investigate the dust cloud left by a Masked Weasel beside the spot Razak was at)
;(Obtain [[Ancient Key]])
----
;(Unlock the old cabinet at the top of the ladder in the floor above using the Ancient Key)
:'''Paimon:''' Hm... Paimon wonders what sort of treasure we'll find here.

:'''The shelves are full of thin books. You browse through them, and find that they seem to be hospital documents such as medical records or financial statements.'''
:'''You shut the door in disappointment.'''

:'''Paimon:''' Paimon thought there would be some special treasure inside... Even the wooden barrels and crates we find on our adventures are better than this! At least those had cabbage or fowl inside...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What's this? It looks like it fell out from over here...
:'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see... Maybe it'll lead us to treasure!
:;(Opens ''Medical Records'')
::"Patient Name: Abbas. Gender: Male. Occupation: Farmer.
::...
::Basic Status at Admission:
::Scabby skin at limb extremities. Multiple ulcers on the back, chest, and other bodily surfaces. Weakness of limbs and poor mobility observed.
::Mental faculties are coherent, though there are clear signs of fatigue, poor sleep quality, and poor appetite.
::Doctor in charge: Amoudi
::
::Week 1 of hospitalization:
::New scabs at limb extremities and enlarged ulcers. The left arm seems unusable and is in pain.
::Mental faculties are coherent, though there are clear signs of fatigue, poor sleep quality, and poor appetite.
::Doctor in charge: Amoudi
::<br />
::Week 3 of hospitalization:
::The scabs are scale-like and have spread across the surface of the body. There is necrosis in multiple ulcers. The patient has fallen into a coma.
::Doctor in charge: Amoudi
::<br />
::Week 9 of hospitalization:
::The necrosis of the ulcers has been effectively kept under control, and no new scabs have appeared on the surface of the body. The patient is in a comatose state.
::Doctor in charge: ███
::<br />
::Week 15 of hospitalization:
::The wound from the replacement treatment has not healed, even after a long time.
::No new scabs have appeared on the surface of the body. There is weakness in the limbs, and the patient cannot grasp items on their own. The patient is also experiencing fever and vomiting.
::Mental faculties are coherent, though fatigued. Poor sleep, and unable to eat.
::Doctor in charge: ███
::<br />
::Week 21 of hospitalization:
::We have started to manage to keep the scabs on the body surface under control, and the new limb's function has been restored. The patient is experiencing chronic coughing and is prone to fainting.
::Mental faculties are coherent and in a good state. Sleep quality and appetite are decent.
::Doctor in charge: ███
:'''Paimon:''' Uhh... [[Eleazar]] is so scary...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, what does the other document say...?
:;(Opens ''Diagnostic Report'')
::"Treatment subject: Abbas. Gender: Male. Occupation: Farmer.
::...
::Doctor in charge: ███
::<br />
::Status
::After 20 weeks of treatment, Specimen IV's new skin and new left arm have recovered well. No changes in appetite or sleep.
::Mental state fluctuates beyond the normal range. There have been multiple attempts to leave the care area. {{color|bz|"God's voice guides me"}} is cited as motivation, and the specimen is believed to have delusional tendencies. Additionally, the "God's voice" described in the confession is possibly related to the {{color|bz|Resonant Quake phenomenon present in the internal topographic structure of the dunes}}. This should be investigated to rule out ungovernable input interference.
::Increase supervision.
::...
::<br />
::Treatment Protocol
::The second phase of the ███ trial is beginning to see results. The next phase ██████. Objective: Specimen IV's organs ███████████████ Following extensive examination, Sample III is the best material for the third phase of the ███ trial.
::...
::Before the implementation of ███, ██████████████████████ is required. Continuous vomiting and skin ███ is a normal occurrence.  ███████████████████ must be prepared beforehand for Specimen IV to maintain the circulation of ███████████████.
::After completion of the basic ███ operation, observe the subject for one week. If normal physiological activity is observed in the organs, the rate of deterioration of surface scabs is reduced, and limb function is restored, the next phase of the ███ trial can commence.
::...
::<br />
::Physician's Note
::All specimens have one thing in common. Body elemental quantities were at abnormally high levels, and were positively correlated with the severity of the disease. After the ███ experiment, body elemental quantities were reduced, and samples self-reported a reduction in symptoms. It is reasonable to hypothesize that there is a causal relationship between elemental quantities and "Eleazar." More controlled trials should be conducted to exclude redundant variables.
::...
::Note: The enrichment process of elemental quantities in humans may be dynamically sustained.
::After the completion of early ███ experiments, within a short period of time, Specimen I's physical indicators trended to the norm. In later stages, due to ███ not being complete, the quantity of elements in the sample bodies rebounded, and symptoms increased, leading to Specimen I ████████. Could not be recycled for materials.
::Information obtained: Preparations must be made for long-term trials. ███ cannot be stopped before the specimens' symptoms have stabilized. Due to the nature of the trial, there must be a method to stabilize the sample's moods. Removal of ███ may be attempted.
::...
::Following the new method, the material rejection rate has been significantly reduced. Specimens II and III developed mental instability due to associative connections to fundamental inner qualities of ███, and tended to attribute the disease to unverifiable "divine punishment," consequently considering it "blasphemy" to accept ███ as treatment. It is a very interesting thought. Exploring neurostimulation and the resulting cognitive shifts could be a future research topic.
::Due to the above uncontrollable variables, they halted at Stage 2. A shame. However, the materials provided by these two samples were the best quality materials so far. It is reasonable to believe that the perfect performance of Specimen IV is related to the material quality provided by these two samples. Ultimately, once the three-stage experiment was completed, Specimen IV's symptoms disappeared completely, proving that:
::It is possible to use ███ to control the elemental content of a person's body without relying on elemental power. There is potential for weaponization.
::Discussions of research on ███ have to be increased in the future. Humans have unlimited potential. It may be foolish for me as a researcher to write this, but with enough input, I might be able to reach the level of a "god," or so people might call it.
::..."
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Paimon didn't understand a thing!
:{{DIcon}} I didn't get it either...
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon only understood the part that goes "God's voice guides me"... Does that mean there'll be unique voices guiding us here?
:{{DIcon}} Ignorance might be bliss here, to be honest...
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? You understood it? Paimon only got the bit that goes "God's voice guides me"... Does that mean there'll be unique voices guiding us here?

:{{DIcon}} It could be underground water flow or creature activity...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Who knows, there might be some underground ruins! Let's listen for any sounds and take a closer look when we hear something!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Optional Interactables==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Interact with "Emergency Notice")
:'''"Emergency Notice":''' "Patient Abbas, male, 23 years old. Mole on the left side of forehead, and left-handed. While his condition remains very serious..."
:'''"Emergency Notice":''' "...survival will be difficult without professional medical care. The patient's survivability..."
:'''"Emergency Notice":''' "...once found, immediately inform..."
:'''"Emergency Notice":''' "...don't give up, stay positive. All beings are under the watchful eye of the divine, so don't ever give up."
:'''"Emergency Notice":''' (The rest of the document has been rendered unreadable by weathering.)

;(Interact with "This Week's Meals")
:'''"This Week's Meals":''' "Keep a balanced diet, rest regularly, and maintain a good mood"
:'''"This Week's Meals":''' "Monday: [[Minty Bean Soup]], [[Tahchin]] (Lunch). [[Curry Shrimp]], [[Panipuri]] (Dinner)"
:'''"This Week's Meals":''' "Tuesday: Salad, [[Biryani]] (Lunch). [[Fish With Cream Sauce]], [[Potato Boat]] (Dinner)"
:'''"This Week's Meals":''' "Wednesday: Shakshuka, Bean Cake (Lunch)"
:'''"This Week's Meals":''' (the remaining sections are blank.)

;(Interact with "This Week's Shifts")
:'''"This Week's Shifts":''' "In case of emergency, contact the physician on duty immediately."
:'''"This Week's Shifts":''' "Monday: Ibrahim"
:'''"This Week's Shifts":''' "Tuesday: ███"
:'''"This Week's Shifts":''' "Wednesday: Amoudi"
:'''"This Week's Shifts":''' (The remaining sections are blank.)

;(Interact with Old Vase)
:'''Old Vase:''' (There seems to be the darkened remains of a stem inside the vase. It was probably used to hold flowers.)
:'''Old Vase:''' (The words "For Avin" are at the bottom of the bottle. It seems to have been a gift to someone named Avin.)

;(Interact with Dusty Tableware)
:'''Dusty Tableware:''' (There is a name inscribed on this bowl: Hakim.)

;(Interact with Dusty Tableware)
:'''Dusty Tableware:''' (There is a name inscribed on this bowl: Avin.)

;(Interact with Blackened Sugar Bowl)
:'''Blackened Sugar Bowl:''' (If there weren't crooked carvings of "Arbaaz," "Abbas," and "sugar jar" on them, it would be difficult to imagine that this dirty clay jar was ever used to store sugar.)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* The doctor whose name is redacted/censored here as ███ is most likely the Fatui Harbinger [[Il Dottore]]. The actual name written in the report in the blocked out part is likely [[Zandik]], which is highly likely to be the real name of Dottore.
* The story behind this Hidden Exploration Objective ties into another Hidden Exploration Objective, [[Abbas' Escape]], which retraces Abbas' escape route from the Eleazar Hospital.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Hidden Exploration Objective Navbox|Unordered}}