{{Element Infobox
|region       = Inazuma
|archon       = Beelzebul
|oculus       = Electroculus
|status       = Electro
|gem          = Vajrada Amethyst
|reaction     = Hydro, Cryo, Pyro, Anemo, Geo, Dendro
}}
'''{{Electro}}''' is one of the seven [[Elements]].

Its associated [[Archon]] is [[Beelzebul]], whose domain is [[Inazuma]].

==Elemental Resonance==
Having at least two Electro characters in a party of four results in the [[Elemental Resonance]]:
* '''High Voltage:''' Affected by [[Hydro]] for 40% less time. [[Superconduct]], [[Overloaded]], [[Electro-Charged]], [[Quicken]], [[Aggravate]], or [[Hyperbloom]] have a 100% chance to generate an Electro Elemental Particle (CD: 5s).

==Elemental Reactions==
{{Electro}} has the following [[Elemental Reactions]]:

* {{Icon/Element|Pyro}} '''[[Overloaded]]:''' Causes an explosion that deals {{Color|AoE Pyro DMG}} with high [[knockback]].
* {{Icon/Element|Hydro}} '''[[Electro-Charged]]:''' Deals {{Color|Electro DMG}} and high [[Poise Damage]] over time to all nearby targets with the Wet status.
* {{Icon/Element|Cryo}} '''[[Superconduct]]:''' Deals {{Color|AoE Cryo DMG}} and reduces the {{Color|Physical RES}} of enemies caught in the AoE by 40%.
* {{Icon/Element|Anemo}} '''[[Swirl]]:''' Deals {{Color|AoE Electro DMG}} while spreading the Electro status to nearby enemies.
* {{Icon/Element|Geo}} '''[[Crystallize]]:''' Creates an Electro shard. Picking it up creates an Electro [[Shield]] around the character.
* {{Icon/Element|Dendro}} '''[[Quicken]]:''' Applies a Quicken aura.
** {{Icon/Element|Electro}} '''Aggravate:''' Triggered when applying {{Electro}} to an entity with the Quicken aura. Adds [[Additive Base DMG Bonus]] to the attack that triggers this reaction.
** {{Icon/Element|Dendro}} '''Spread:''' Triggered when applying {{Dendro}} to an entity with the Quicken aura. Adds Additive Base DMG Bonus to the attack that triggers this reaction.
* {{Icon/Element|Dendro}}{{Icon/Element|Hydro}} '''[[Hyperbloom]]:''' Transforms a Dendro Core produced by the [[Bloom]] reaction into a homing Sprawling Shot that deals increased {{Color|AoE Dendro DMG}} in a small radius.

==Electro Status==
{{Electro}} on its own does not have any special effect, but it will allow Electro Elemental Reactions to occur. Certain mechanics in Inazuma, such as the [[Lightning Strike Probe]], will respond to characters or monsters affected by Electro.

Any source of {{Color|Electro DMG}}, including [[Electro Crystal]]s, will apply the {{Electro}} status. Getting struck by lightning or entering a body of water struck by lightning during a [[thunderstorm]] will also apply {{Electro}}.

===Electro Status to Self===
The following [[Talents]] apply the {{Electro}} status to its user and/or the active character.
{{Talents by Category Table|Electro Status to Self Talents}}

==Electro Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Electro Characters|noelement=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Electro Characters|noelement=1|nomodel=1}}

==Enemies==
{{Enemies by Category List|header=1}}

==Exploration==
Some environmental objects or obstacles are considered as Electro objects:
* {{Item|Electro Crystal|30}} (deals Electro DMG to the active character)
* [[Electro Current Puzzle]]
* Electro Rock Piles
* Electro Lanterns (applies Electro to the active character)

==Trivia==
* The symbol of the element Electro is likely based on {{w|Mitsudomoe}}, a symbol often found in traditional Japanese heraldry.
* In ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s story, {{Electro}} is likely the third element that the Traveler resonates with, and they are shown using Electro in cinematic cutscenes in ''[[Amidst Stormy Judgment]]'' and ''[[The Omnipresent God]]'' during [[Chapter II]] of the [[Archon Quest]]s.
** In ''Genshin Impact''{{'}}s gameplay, players are never forced to resonate their [[Traveler]] characters with or to even unlock any [[Statues of The Seven]] in [[Inazuma]]. It is therefore possible to play the entire game thus far<!-- as of Version 3.1 --> without ever resonating the Traveler character with Electro or even unlocking any Statues of The Seven in Inazuma.
* While uncommon in Teyvat, Electro energy can be observed in a yellow color.

===Etymology===
*The name Electro comes from the prefix for words related to electricity, "{{wt|electro-|electro-|English}}," which derives from {{Lang|the Ancient Greek word for amber|grc=ἤλεκτρον|grc_rm=ḗlektron}} (a natural resin, which &mdash; when rubbed &mdash; produces static electricity).

==Gallery==
{{Preview
|file = Status Electro
|caption = A character affected by Electro
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Electro
|zhs     = 雷
|zhs_rm  = Léi
|zht     = 雷
|zht_rm  = Léi
|zh_tl   = Thunder
|ja      = 雷
|ja_rm   = Kaminari
|ja_tl   = Thunder
|ko      = 번개
|ko_rm   = Beongae
|ko_tl   = Lightning
|es      = Electro
|fr      = Électro
|ru      = Электро
|th      = ไฟฟ้า
|th_rm   = Fai fa
|th_tl   = Electricity
|vi      = {{tt|Lôi|雷}}
|vi_tl   = Lightning
|de      = Elektro
|id      = Electro
|pt      = Electro
|tr      = Elektrik
|tr_tl   = Electricity
|it      = Electro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Element Navbox}}

[[de:Elektro]]
[[fr:Électro]]
[[id:Electro]]
[[it:Electro]]
[[ja:雷]]
[[pl:Electro]]
[[pt-br:Electro]]
[[th:ไฟฟ้า]]
[[tr:Elektrik]]
[[uk:Електро]]
[[vi:Lôi]]
[[zh:雷]]