{{Item Infobox
|id           = 220032
|image        = Item Electroculus Resonance Stone.png
|type         = Consumables
|group        = Oculus Resonance Stones
|invCategory  = Gadgets
|rarity       = 3
|effect       = A stone that can be used in [[Inazuma]] to search for nearby [[Electroculi]].
|description  = A stone that can be used in Inazuma to search for nearby Electroculi.

This strange device can resonate with [[Statue of The Seven|Electro Statues of The Seven]]. Due to this trait, it can detect the presence of Electroculi.

Across the span of endless years, even the most majestic cities and sculptures would be worn down by wind and rain, and even the power of Statues of The Seven would gradually dissipate. But this faded strength would coalesce once more into the [[Oculi]], which call out wordlessly to their Statues.
|source1      = Reach [[Reputation]] Level 8 in [[Inazuma]]
|reusable     = No
|usage        = Quick Use
|memento      = No
}}
'''Electroculus Resonance Stone''' is a consumable [[gadget]] that can be created through [[alchemy]]. Reach [[Reputation]] Level 8 in [[Inazuma]] to obtain [[Instructions: Electroculus Resonance Stone]].

After equipping it through the [[Inventory]], using this item will search out the nearest [[Electroculus]] from where you are currently.

If an Electroculus is successfully found, the item will be consumed and its general area will be highlighted with a blue circle. Upon entering its vicinity, a white arrow will point you towards its location. Once you get close enough, the [[Oculus]] symbol will appear on the map and the blue highlight will disappear.

If an Electroculus is not found in any nearby regions, it will notify you and the item will not be consumed. If the gadget detects an Electroculus in a very close proximity to the player, the item will not be consumed.

'''Note''': If you enter another player's world in [[Co-Op Mode]], it either appears to search for Electroculi based on what's in your world or just won't find any (and will display the animation that none are found). Since none will be found, it won't be consumed.

==Alchemy==
{{Recipe
|type = Crafting
|Naku Weed = 5
|Sakura Bloom = 5
|Amethyst Lump = 1
|Mora = 500
|sort = Naku Weed,Sakura Bloom,Amethyst Lump,Mora
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Electroculus Resonance Stone
|zhs     = 雷神瞳共鸣石
|zhs_rm  = Léishén-tóng Gòngmíng-shí
|zht     = 雷神瞳共鳴石
|zht_rm  = Léishén-tóng Gòngmíng-shí
|zh_tl   = Electroculus Resonance Stone
|ja      = 雷神の瞳の共鳴石
|ja_rm   = Raijin no Hitomi no Kyoumei-seki{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Electroculus Resonance Stone
|ko      = 번개 {{tt|신|神}}의 눈{{tt|동자|瞳子}} {{tt|공명석|共鳴石}}
|ko_rm   = Beon'gae Sin-ui Nundongja Gongmyeongseok
|ko_tl   = Lightning God's Pupil Resonance Stone
|es      = Roca de resonancia de electróculus
|es_tl   = Electroculus Resonance Stone
|fr      = Pierre de résonance Électroculus
|fr_tl   = Electroculus Resonance Stone
|ru      = Камень эха электрокула
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Electroculus Resonance Stone
|vi      = Đá Cộng Hưởng Lôi Thần Đồng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Elektroculus-Resonanzstein
|de_tl   = Electroculus Resonance Stone
|id      = Electroculus Resonance Stone
|pt      = Pedra de Ressonância de Electroculus
|pt_tl   = Electroculus Resonance Stone
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Gadget Navbox}}

[[es:Roca de resonancia de Electróculus]]