{{For|Elemental Reactions in [[Genius Invokation TCG]]|Genius Invokation TCG/Rules#Elemental Reactions}}
{{See also|Elemental Gauge Theory}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Reaction Electro-Charged.png
|caption      = Elements that trigger the Electro-Charged reaction (Electro and Hydro)
|type         = Elemental Reactions
}}
{{Elemental Reaction Intro|element1=Electro|element2=Hydro}}

Electro-Charged cannot damage off-field characters. Switching to a different character after being affected by Electro-Charged will temporarily pause its DoT ticks. However, if the Electro-Charged character becomes the active character again while still affected by Electro and Hydro, the DoT ticks will resume.

==Overview==
Electro-Charged targets will have both a [[Hydro]] and an [[Electro]] aura simultaneously. Electro-Charged DMG ticks once per second. Every tick reduces the Hydro and Electro auras of affected targets by 0.4 [[gauge unit]]s, and the ticks will stop once one of the auras is depleted. Note that the normal decay of elemental aura will still apply during Electro-Charged.

The coexistence of elements allows for effects like [[Thundersoother]] to be applied without forgoing Elemental Reactions entirely, and makes it possible for multiple reactions to be triggered on an Electro-Charged target if a third element is applied (e.g., [[Overloaded]] + [[Vaporize]], [[Superconduct]] + [[Frozen]], Electro + Hydro [[Swirl]]). However, when triggering reactions on an Electro-Charged target, the Electro reaction is prioritized, and the Hydro reaction will only be triggered if there are still gauge units of the triggering element left over after depleting the Electro aura.

==Damage==
{{See also|Damage#Transformative Reaction Damage|Elemental Reaction/Level Scaling}}
{{Transformative Reaction Damage}}

The Elemental Mastery bonus and any the target's Resistance multiplier are applied multiplicatively with the Base Damage.

==Number of Hits==
Electro-Charged deals damage immediately and continues to tick once every second for as long as it lasts. If Electro-Charged ends from either the Hydro or Electro aura expiring, another tick of damage will be dealt if over 0.5 seconds have passed since the last tick. Ticks of Electro-Charged will reduce the timers on both the Hydro and Electro auras unless the reduction would remove said aura.<ref name="EC">KeqingMains Theorycrafting Library: [https://library.keqingmains.com/combat-mechanics/elemental-effects/elemental-gauge-theory#electro-charged Section on Electro-Charged]</ref>

Electro-Charged will also deal damage to nearby targets with the Hydro status, but will not apply an Electro aura.<ref>Reddit: [https://www.reddit.com/r/Genshin_Impact/comments/j9213p/elemental_shield_weaknesses_and_elemental/ Elemental Shield Weaknesses]</ref>

==Environment==
If an Electro attack hits a body of [[water]], the water will become Electro-Charged for a short amount of time and any target that walks into it will take {{Color|Electro DMG}}. Electro-Charged Water can cause [[Overloaded]] and [[Superconduct]] when attacked with Pyro and Cryo respectively.

==Immunity Talents==
{{Talents by Category Table|Electro-Charged Immunity Talents|shortheader=grant immunity to the Electro-Charged reaction}}

==Tutorial==
{{See also|Elemental Trial}}
{{Tutorial
|image1 = Tutorial Elemental Trial Electro-Charged 1.png
|text1  = When {{Electro}} meets {{Hydro}}, Electro-Charged occurs. Electro-Charged continuously deals {{Color|Electro DMG}} until it wears off. Additionally, opponents affected by Electro-Charged will electrify nearby Wet opponents, dealing {{Color|Electro DMG}}.
|image2 = Tutorial Elemental Trial Electro-Charged 2.png
|image3 = Tutorial Elemental Trial Electro-Charged 3.png
|text2  = Use {{Hydro}} attacks in battle to make opponents Wet. Then, switch to an {{Electro}} character and use {{Electro}} attacks to trigger Electro-Charged and defeat your opponents swiftly!
}}

==Constellations==
{{Constellations by Category Table|Electro-Charged DMG Bonus Constellations|shortheader=increase the damage from Electro-Charged reactions}}

==Artifacts==
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Electro-Charged DMG Increase Artifacts|shortheader=increase the damage from Electro-Charged reactions}}

==Preview==
{{Preview
|file1=Status Electro-Charged Player
|caption1=A character affected by Electro-Charged

|file2=Status Electro-Charged Enemy
|caption2=Electro-Charged passing through enemies
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Electro-Charged
|zhs     = 感电
|zhs_rm  = Gǎndiàn
|zht     = 感電
|zht_rm  = Gǎndiàn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 感電
|ja_rm   = Kanden
|ja_tl   = Electric Shock
|ko      = {{tt|감전|感電}}
|ko_tl   = Electric Shock
|es      = Electrocargado
|es_tl   = Electro-Charged
|fr      = Électrocution
|fr_tl   = Electrocution
|ru      = Заряжен
|ru_tl   = Charged
|th      = ชาร์จไฟฟ้า
|th_rm   = Chage Faifa
|th_tl   = Electrically Charged
|vi      = {{tt|Điện Cảm|電感}}
|vi_tl   = Inductance
|de      = Unter Strom
|de_tl   = Electrically Charged
|id      = Electro-Charged
|pt      = Carregado Eletricamente
|pt_tl   = Electrically Charged
|tr      = Elektrik Yükleme
|tr_tl   = Electrically Charged
|it      = Electrocarica
|it_tl   = Electrocharge
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Element Navbox}}

[[es:Electrocargado]]
[[ja:感電]]
[[pl:Naładowanie elektryczne]]
[[pt-br:Eletricamente Carregado]]
[[ru:Заряжен]]
[[vi:Điện Cảm]]