{{CustomTabs
|tab1=Overview
|tab2=List
|tab3=Voice-Overs
}}
<noinclude>{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Combat Talents
}}</noinclude>

The '''Elemental Burst''' &mdash; or '''Burst''' for short &mdash; is a [[Talent]] that requires [[Energy]] to use and is usually more powerful than the [[Elemental Skill]]. In community circles, it is sometimes referred to as an "'''Ultimate'''" ("'''Ult'''" for short) or {{key|Q}} (reference to the corresponding default hotkey on PC).

Elemental Bursts grant a varying number of [[Invincibility Frames]] upon casting, during its duration where the character is immune to damage. For the duration of these i-frames, the HP bar locks, effectively preventing any forms of damage from enemies or debuffs for at least a few seconds, depending on the character.

==Overview==
Every [[character]] has the talent associated with the Elemental Burst unlocked by default. In order for it to be used, it is required to fulfill two conditions:
# Just like with the Elemental Skill, the Burst must not be on cooldown. When it is on cooldown, the Elemental Burst icon on the HUD located at the bottom-right side of the screen will show how much time it takes for it to be ready again, similar to Elemental Skills.
# The character must have gathered as much energy as the Burst's Energy Cost indicates. The Energy collected since the last time the Burst was used by the on-field character is reflected in the Elemental Burst icon as it fills with the character's element's color. Excess Energy is not taken into account.

Whenever both conditions are fulfilled, the Elemental Burst icon will glow and an audio cue will play, indicating that it is ready to be used. When a character off field has their Burst ready, the icon will appear next to their portrait and life bar. On certain mobile versions, this icon is replaced by a checkmark of the same color. The same checkmark will appear below other players' names in co-op and in the sidebar. After using an Elemental Burst, all Energy will be consumed and the skill will enter a short cooldown (Energy can still be gathered while in cooldown).

==Comparison==
This table describes how much energy each character needs for their burst and how long the burst cooldown is.
{| class="article-table tdc1 tdc2"
!Energy Cost
!Cooldown
!Characters
|-
|40
|12s
|{{Characters by Talent Category List|Energy Cost 40 Talents}}
|-
|50
|13.5s
|{{Characters by Talent Category List|Energy Cost 50 Talents}}
|-
|60
|15s
|{{Characters by Talent Category List|Energy Cost 60 Talents}}
|-
|70
|18s
|{{Characters by Talent Category List|Energy Cost 70 Talents}}
|-
|80
|20s
|{{Characters by Talent Category List|Energy Cost 80 Talents}}
|-
|90
|18s
|{{Characters by Talent Category List|Energy Cost 90 Talents&18s Cooldown Talents}}
|-
|90
|22s
|{{Characters by Talent Category List|Energy Cost 90 Talents&22s Cooldown Talents}}
|-
|100-200 [[Fighting Spirit]]
|18s
|{{Characters by Talent Category List|No_Energy_Talents&18s Cooldown Talents}}
|}

==Increasing Elemental Burst Damage==
===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Elemental Burst DMG Increase Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{See also|Elemental Burst Level Increase}}
{{Constellations by Category Table|Elemental Burst DMG Increase Constellations}}

===Weapons===
{{Weapons by Category Table|Elemental Burst DMG Bonus Passive Weapons}}

===Artifacts===
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Elemental Burst DMG Increase Artifacts}}

==Trivia==
* [[Barbara]] is the only 4-star character to have an Elemental Burst animation like those of 5-star characters. It is also the only burst that deals neither buff nor damage.
* The [[Traveler]] and [[Varesa]] are the only 5-star characters to have Elemental Burst animations like those of 4-star characters.
* [[Tartaglia]] and Varesa are the only characters to have an Elemental Burst with two distinct versions: Unlike all other Elemental Bursts with behavior that varies based on certain conditions<!-- e.g., Albedo, Alhaitham, Hu Tao, Kuki Shinobu, Ningguang, Yae Miko -->, the two versions of their Elemental Bursts have separate animations, [[voice-overs]], [[energy]] drain timing,<ref name="Genshin Academy burst info sheet">GenshinAcademy: [https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iLUT8Tafwih3RZbNlA59w6-x5NQdgPvsMc86b7W92DQ/edit#gid=0 Elemental Burst Frame Tests]</ref> [[cooldown]] start timing,<ref name="Genshin Academy burst info sheet" /> and [[targeting]] logic.
** Uniquely, Varesa's Elemental Burst has a separate energy cost, cooldown, and lacks a cut-in animation compared to the other version of her Elemental Burst.
** [[Wanderer]] also has separate voice-overs for his Elemental Burst based on whether he is in the Windfavored State or not at the time of casting, and he is the only other character to have Elemental Burst voice-overs that depend on certain conditions. However, the Elemental Burst itself is unchanged.
* [[Hour of Burning Skies]] is the only Elemental Burst that does not use Energy, instead making use of Fighting Spirit gathered from Normal Attacks and [[Nightsoul point]]s consumption.
** This makes Hour of Burning Skies the only Elemental Burst without a fixed cost, allowing it to be cast as long as Fighting Spirit is at 100 or higher, even if not fully recharged.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Elemental Burst
|zhs     = 元素爆发
|zhs_rm  = Yuánsù Bàofā
|zht     = 元素爆發
|zht_rm  = Yuánsù Bàofā
|zh_tl   = Elemental Burst
|ja      = 元素爆発
|ja_rm   = Genso Bakuhatsu<ref>{{Ref/VO|Traveler|戦闘力の単位について…|ja|note=About Measuring Fighting Strength}}</ref>
|ja_tl   = Elemental Explosion
|ko      = {{tt|원소폭발|元素爆發}}
|ko_rm   = Wonso Pokbal
|ko_tl   = Elemental Explosion
|es      = Habilidad Definitiva
|es_tl   = Definitive Ability
|fr      = Déchaînement élémentaire
|fr_tl   = Elemental Unleashing
|ru      = Взрыв стихии
|ru_tl   = Element Explosion
|th      = ท่าไม้ตาย
|th_rm   = Tha Mai-tai
|th_tl   = Death Technique Move
|th_note = {{th|ไม้ตาย|Mai-tai}} is a term originating from {{w|Muay Thai}} and {{w|Krabi-Krabong}} that refers to a technique that stops the opponent from continuing to fight.
|vi      = {{tt|Kỹ Năng|技能}} {{tt|Nộ|怒}}
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Spezialfähigkeit
|de_tl   = Special Ability
|id      = Elemental Burst
|pt      = Supremo
|pt_tl   = Supreme
|tr      = Element Patlaması
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Tripudio elementale
|it_tl   = Elemental Jubilation
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Element Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Talent Type Navbox}}

[[Category:Elemental Bursts| ]]

[[de:Spezialfähigkeit]]
[[fr:Déchaînement élémentaire]]
[[ja:元素爆発]]
[[pt-br:Supremo]]
[[ru:Взрыв стихии]]
[[th:ท่าไม้ตาย]]
[[vi:Kỹ Năng Nộ]]