{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Combat
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
The seven '''Elements''' of ''[[Genshin Impact]]'' are special [[Status Effects]] and types of [[Damage]] that can be applied in specific orders to trigger [[Elemental Reactions]].

==Visions==
{{Main|Visions}}
Some beings in [[Teyvat]] are mysteriously granted [[Vision]]s, which are external apparatuses that allow their owners to wield the elements. Visions take the form of crystals, each with the symbol and color of one element. Depending on the region in which they received their vision, they feature [[Vision/Gallery|ornaments]] characteristic of that region.

When an [[allogene]] dies, their Vision becomes a [[Masterless Vision]], losing its power and all indicators of its element. Sometimes, Masterless Visions will resonate with a new person. For this reason, Masterless visions are a commodity sought by the extremely rich.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Ningguang|Vision}}</ref>

There are seven elements in Teyvat, each with a corresponding [[Archon]] and their own [[nation]] that worships said Archon. While Archons are powerful, it is unknown what the nature of the relationship between an Archon and their element is. Similarly, while regions are heavily affected by the element of their Archon, it is unknown what the nature of the relationship between a region and its element is.

==Elements and Reactions==
{{See also|Elemental Reactions|Elemental Resonance}}
{{#lst:Elemental Reactions|reactiontable}}

==Elemental Damage Bonus==
{{Main|Damage Bonus#Elemental}}
These refer to Damage Bonuses (DMG Bonus) applied to specific elements.

==Elemental Resistance==
{{Main|Resistance#Elemental Resistances}}
These refer to a character or enemy's Resistance (RES) to a particular elemental type of [[damage]].

==Ley Line Disorders==
{{Main|Ley Line Disorders}}
Within the [[Spiral Abyss]] and certain [[Domains]], monsters or objects may have an aura that causes a harmful effect upon characters in its AoE. This is separate from the Enemy Special Element Skill Auras on monsters (see [[#Auras|below]]).

==Auras==
{{Main|Auras}}
Certain enemies like those on Floors 9-12 of the [[Spiral Abyss]] may have [[Auras]] that cause certain buffs, debuffs, or attacks during battle.

==Elemental Nodes==
{{Main|Elemental Nodes}}
Certain [[Domains]] and some parts of the overworld have '''Elemental Nodes''' or '''Infusion Stones''' that imbue nearby enemies with elemental affixes that can increase their offense and defense.

==Gauge Unit Theory==
{{Main|Gauge Unit Theory}}
This theory intends to explain Same Element Superposition, Elemental Reactions, Shield Breaking and other mechanics related to Elements.

==Trivia==
* As of [[Version 2.8]], the [[Dendro]] element is currently the only element without any playable characters.
* The [[Traveler]] is the only character in the game whose element can be changed as a playable character. Resonating with [[Statues of the Seven]] from different regions will cause the Traveler to change their element based on the region of the Statue of the Seven resonated with (e.g., resonating with a Statue of the Seven in [[Liyue]] will cause the Traveler's current Element to change to [[Geo]]). No other playable characters can have their elements changed, including characters who can canonically wield more than one element, such as [[Tartaglia]] (he has a Hydro Vision and an Electro [[Delusion]], but as a playable character, Tartaglia only wields Hydro) and [[Kazuha]] (who briefly resonated with an Electro Vision, in addition to his own Anemo Vision).

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Element Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Attribute Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Combat Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}
[[Category:Elements| ]]

[[es:Elementos]]
[[ja:元素]]
[[pt-br:Elementos]]
[[ru:Элементы]]
[[uk:Стихії]]
[[th:ธาตุ]]
[[id:Elements]]
[[fr:Éléments]]