{{CustomTabs
|tab1=Overview
|tab2=List
}}

<noinclude>{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Combat Talents
}}</noinclude>
The '''Elemental Skill''' &mdash; or '''Skill''' for short &mdash; is a [[Talent]] that does not require [[Energy]] to use but has a Cooldown period between each use. It is sometimes referred to as {{key|E}} (in reference to the corresponding default hotkey on PC).

==Overview==
Every [[character]] has the [[Talents|Talent]] associated with the [[Element]]al Skill unlocked by default.

Upon using the Elemental Skill, a [[Cooldown]] period will initiate, varying between each Elemental Skill. The Cooldown period's length is dictated by the CD stat of the Elemental Skill. The Elemental Skill cannot be used during the Cooldown period. After the Cooldown period passes, the player can immediately use the Elemental Skill again. Some skills can also be used multiple times before Cooldown such as Fischl's Oz. Cooldown can be reduced, reset, or extended by certain Talents, [[Constellations]], and other effects.

Some Elemental Skills for characters have multiple [[Charge]]s, meaning they can be used multiple times in succession. The number of Charges is indicated by the number of small squares on the Elemental Skill icon.

Some Elemental Skills have different behavior depending on whether the Elemental Skill button is tapped or held. Elemental Skills with a hold attack are usually more powerful when held, but in return require a longer Cooldown.

Elemental Skills also always deal {{Color|Black|Elemental DMG}} instead of {{Color|Physical DMG}}.

Most Elemental Skills generate [[Energy]] Elemental Particles when dealing damage to an enemy.

A special case is [[Tartaglia]]'s Elemental Skill, which allows him to switch between two different stances, ranged and melee. When switching to the Melee stance, the stats of the Elemental Skill affect the [[Normal Attack]], meaning all Elemental Skill DMG is done through the Normal Attack. Its Cooldown also depends on how long the player stays in Melee stance.

==Increasing Elemental Skill Damage==
===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Elemental Skill DMG Increase Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{See also|Elemental Skill Level Increase}}
{{Constellations by Category Table|Elemental Skill DMG Increase Constellations}}

===Weapons===
{{Weapons by Category Table|Elemental Skill DMG Bonus Passive Weapons}}

===Artifacts===
====General====
These artifacts have effects related to the use of the Elemental Skill.
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Elemental Skill Artifacts}}

====Damage Increase====
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Elemental Skill DMG Increase Artifacts}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Elemental Skill
|zhs      = 元素战技
|zhs_rm   = Yuánsù Zhànjì
|zht      = 元素戰技
|zht_rm   = Yuánsù Zhànjì
|zh_tl    = Elemental Battle Skill
|ja       = {{Rubi|元|げん|素|そ}}スキル
|ja_rm    = Genso Sukiru{{Cite}}
|ja_tl    = Elemental Skill
|ko       = {{tt|원소전투|元素戰鬪}} 스킬
|ko_rm    = Wonso-jeontu Seukil
|ko_tl    = Elemental Battle Skill
|es       = Habilidad Elemental
|es_tl    = Elemental Ability
|fr       = Compétence élémentaire
|fr_tl    = Elemental Skill
|ru       = Элементальный навык
|ru_tl    = Elemental Skill
|th       = สกิลธาตุ
|th_rm    = Sakin thatu
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = {{tt|Kỹ Năng|技能}} {{tt|Nguyên Tố|元素}}
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Elementarfähigkeit
|de_tl    = Elemental Ability
|id       = Elemental Skill
|pt       = Habilidade Elemental
|pt_tl    = Elemental Ability
}}

==Navigation==
{{Element Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Talent Type Navbox}}

[[Category:Elemental Skills| ]]
[[pt-br:Habilidade Elemental]]