[[Version 3.4]]
* Adjusted the rules for obtaining the Elemental Resonance effects: when there are four characters in your party, or four or more characters in your party due to trial characters, Elemental Resonance will take effect as normal, with the specific Elemental Resonance effect determined by the corresponding elements of the first through fourth characters in your party.
** Prior to the adjustment, Elemental Resonance would not take effect if a [[Trial Character]] was present.
----
[[Version 3.0]]
* Added Sprawling Greenery resonance with effect:
** Elemental Mastery increased by 50. After triggering [[Burning]], [[Quicken]], or [[Bloom]] reactions, all nearby party members gain 30 [[Elemental Mastery]] for 6s. After triggering [[Aggravate]], [[Spread]], [[Hyperbloom]], or [[Burgeon]] reactions, all nearby party members gain 20 Elemental Mastery for 6s. The durations of the aforementioned effects will be counted independently.
* Adjusted Soothing Water's effect:
** {{Color|Old effect:}} Affected by {{Pyro}} for 40% less time. Increases incoming [[healing]] by 30%.
** {{Color|New effect:}} Affected by {{Pyro}} for 40% less time. Increases [[Max HP]] by 25%.
* Adjusted High Voltage's effect:
** {{Color|Old effect:}} Affected by {{Hydro}} for 40% less time. [[Superconduct]], [[Overloaded]], and [[Electro-Charged]] have a 100% chance to generate an Electro Elemental Particle (CD: 5s).
** {{Color|New effect:}} Affected by {{Hydro}} for 40% less time. Superconduct, Overloaded, Electro-Charged, Quicken, Aggravate, or Hyperbloom have a 100% chance to generate an {{Electro}} [[Elemental Particle]] (CD: 5s).
----
[[Version 1.3]]
* Adjusted Enduring Rock's effect:
** {{Color|Old effect:}} Increases [[Poise|resistance to interruption]]. When protected by a [[shield]], increases Attack DMG by 15%.
** {{Color|New effect:}} Increases shield strength by 15%. Additionally, characters protected by a shield will have the following special characteristics: DMG dealt increased by 15%, dealing DMG to enemies will decrease their Geo RES by 20% for 15s.
----
[[Version 1.2]]
* Adjusted Protective Canopy's effect:
** {{Color|Old effect:}} Increases all [[Elemental RES]] by 15%.
** {{Color|New effect:}} All Elemental RES +15%, [[Physical RES]] +15%.
----
[[Version 1.0]]
* Elemental Resonance was released.
<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>