{{See also|Damage#Elemental Reaction Damage}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Attribute Elemental Mastery.png
|type         = Attributes
|type2        = Combat
|type3        = Game Systems
}}
'''Elemental Mastery''' is an [[attribute]] that enhances [[Elemental Reactions]].

For [[Overloaded]], [[Superconduct]], [[Electro-Charged]], [[Burning]], [[Shattered]] and [[Swirl]], Elemental Mastery increases reaction DMG; For [[Melt]] and [[Vaporize]], Elemental Mastery adds an additional DMG multiplier to attacks that trigger these reactions; For [[Crystallize]], Elemental Mastery increases the DMG absorption of shields created through this reaction.

Elemental Mastery can be increased by equipping [[artifacts]] or [[weapons]] that provide a bonus to Elemental Mastery. Additionally, some characters, such as [[Lisa]], gain Elemental Mastery by raising their character level. Other characters, such as [[Sucrose]], can boost their party's Elemental Mastery by triggering their ascension passives.

==Elemental Mastery Formula==
The higher a character's elemental mastery, the stronger the elemental reactions the character can release.
The <math>\% \text{EM Bonus}</math> is calculated depending on the reaction:
*Increases damage of [[Vaporize]] and [[Melt]] by '''X'''.
*Increases damage of [[Overloaded]], [[Superconduct]], [[Electro-Charged]], [[Burning]], [[Shattered]], [[Swirl]], [[Bloom]], [[Hyperbloom]], and [[Burgeon]] by '''Y'''.
*Increases the DMG Bonus provided by [[Aggravate]] and [[Spread]] by '''Z'''.
*Increases damage absorption of shields created by [[Crystallize]] by '''W'''.
*Where '''X''', '''Y''', '''Z''', and '''W''' are:<ref>NGA: [https://bbs.nga.cn/read.php?tid=23715498 1053EM Testing]</ref><ref>NGA: [https://bbs.nga.cn/read.php?tid=23633102 <nowiki>[心得交流]</nowiki> 伤害加成公式以及类型汇总(攻速有待测试)(更新1.6精通公式)] (use Ctrl+F to search "元素精通" for fast positioning)</ref><ref>KeqingMains Theorycrafting Library: [https://library.keqingmains.com/combat-mechanics/elemental-effects/transformative-reactions Transformative Reactions]</ref>

:<math>X = 2.78 \times \frac{\text{EM}}{\text{EM} + 1400} \times 100 \%</math>
:<math>Y = 16 \times \frac{\text{EM}}{\text{EM} + 2000} \times 100 \%</math>
:<math>Z = 5 \times \frac{\text{EM}}{\text{EM} + 1200} \times 100 \%</math>
:<math>W = 4.44 \times \frac{\text{EM}}{\text{EM} + 1400} \times 100 \%</math>

These values are used in damage or shield health calculations as:
:<math>\text{Reaction Multiplier} = (1 + \% \text{EM Bonus} + \% \text{Reaction Bonus})</math>

==Character Ascensions==
{{Characters by Ascension Stat Table|Elemental Mastery}}

Starting from Ascension 2, for 5 star characters 28.8 EM is gained per Ascension whereas for 4 star characters 24 EM is gained per Ascension.

==Increasing Elemental Mastery==
===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Elemental Mastery Talents}}

===Artifacts===
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Elemental Mastery Artifacts}}

===Weapons===
====Substat====
The following weapons have Elemental Mastery as a substat.
{{Weapons by Category Table|Elemental Mastery Substat Weapons}}

====Passives====
The following weapons have Elemental Mastery as a part of their passive effect.
{{Weapons by Category Table|Elemental Mastery Passive Weapons}}

==Increasing Party Elemental Mastery==
===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Party Elemental Mastery Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|Party Elemental Mastery Constellations}}

===Artifacts===
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Party Elemental Mastery Artifacts}}

===Weapons===
{{Weapons by Category Table|Party Elemental Mastery Passive Weapons}}

==Scaling==
===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Elemental Mastery Scaling Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|Elemental Mastery Scaling Constellations}}

==See also==
* [[Damage#Elemental Reaction Damage|Damage]] for more details on elemental reaction damage

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Elemental Mastery
|zhs      = 元素精通
|zhs_rm   = Yuánsù Jīngtōng
|zht      = 元素精通
|zht_rm   = Yuánsù Jīngtōng
|zh_tl    = Element Proficiency
|ja       = 元素熟知
|ja_rm    = Genso Jukuchi{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = Element Familiarity
|ko       = {{tt|원소|元素}} 마스터리
|ko_rm    = Wonso Maseuteori
|ko_tl    = Element Mastery
|es       = Maestría Elemental
|es_tl    = Elemental Mastery
|fr       = Maîtrise élémentaire
|fr_tl    = Elemental Mastery
|ru       = Мастерство стихий
|ru_tl    = Mastery of Elements
|th       = ความชำนาญธาตุ
|th_rm    = Khwam Chamnan Thatu
|th_tl    = Elemental Mastery
|vi       = {{tt|Tinh Thông|精通}} {{tt|Nguyên Tố|元素}}
|vi_tl    = Element Proficiency
|de       = Elementarkunde
|de_tl    = Elemental Studies
|id       = Elemental Mastery
|pt       = Proficiência Elemental
|pt_tl    = Elemental Proficiency
|tr       = Element Ustalığı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Maestria elementale
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Combat Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Element Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Attribute Navbox}}

[[es:Maestría Elemental]]
[[ja:元素熟知]]
[[pt-br:Proficiência Elemental]]
[[th:ความชำนาญธาตุ]]
[[uk:Майстерність стихій]]