{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = Elisa.png
|deceased         = Murdered by an assassin hired by [[Morris]] twenty years before the game's events
|region           = Fontaine
|spouse           = Morris
|spouseNote       = lover
|child            = Baptiste
|childNote        = son
|child2           = Veronique
|childNote2       = daughter
}}
'''Elisa''' is a mentioned character who appeared in ''[[Roses and Muskets]]''. She was the lover of [[Morris]] and mother of [[Baptiste]] and [[Veronique]].

==Profile==
Elisa was a maid who served the aristocratic family Morris was a member of. Morris eventually fell in love with Elisa and had a relationship with her, which culminated with Elisa becoming pregnant. Fearing repercussions from his family, Morris first told Elisa to keep quiet about their relationship and leave as far away as possible. Elisa did leave, but gave birth to two children, [[Baptiste]] and [[Veronique]] and sent a photo to Morris, who at the time had just entered a relationship with another woman. Morris, fearing that his life would be ruined if the photo was leaked to his family, proceeded to hire an assassin from [[Court of Fontaine: Fleuve Cendre|Fleuve Cendre]] to assassinate her and her children.

The assassin located and killed Elisa, but she was able to hide her children under their home, thus sparing them from death. Baptiste and Veronique would later attempt to avenge their mother's demise; at some point prior to the [[Fontinalia Festival]], Veronique was able to locate and kill the assassin. They would not be able to avenge Elisa's death, as [[Chevreuse]] prevented Veronique from killing Morris when she was able to corner him, though she promises that she would ensure Morris would not live a comfortable life in the [[Fortress of Meropide]].

===Appearance===
Based on the tinted photo inside of the pocket watch, Elisa had brown hair tied in a braid and green or blue eyes. Befitting her occupation, she wore a maid dress.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Where the Roses Bloom (Quest)}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Elisa
|zhs     = 埃莉莎
|zhs_rm  = Āilìshā
|zht     = 埃莉莎
|zht_rm  = Āilìshā
|ja      = エリサ
|ja_rm   = Erisa
|ko      = 엘리사
|es      = Elisa
|fr      = Élisa
|ru      = Элиза
|th      = Elisa
|vi      = Elisa
|de      = Élisa
|id      = Elisa
|pt      = Elisa
|tr      = Elisa
|it      = Elisa
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}