{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest Elixirs and Potions.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|event_name    = A Study in Potions
|part          = 1
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = Academic Exchange
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
* Unlocks the [[A Study in Potions]] event.
|characters    = Brother Qian; Hongyi; Paimon; Timaeus; Traveler; Ying'er
}}
'''Elixirs and Potions''' is an Event Quest during the [[A Study in Potions]] event.

==Steps==
# Pay [[Timaeus]] a visit
# Look for the Elixir Artificer
# Consult [[Brother Qian]]
# Consult [[Hongyi]]
# Consult [[Ying'er]]
# Assist Timaeus and Ying'er
# Go into the [[A Study in Potions/Dusty Wrack|Domain]] and test the Smoldersleet Potions

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Timaeus, the alchemist from Mondstadt, is currently troubled by a certain research topic...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Timaeus)
:'''Timaeus:''' Agh, so close... C'mon, Timaeus, you can do this! You're going to create your first Smoldersleet Elixir within the next nine hours!
:'''Paimon:''' Timaeus? What are you doing, and why're you looking all serious?
:'''Timaeus:''' It's you two! It's been a while, hasn't it?
:'''Timaeus:''' Sorry, I'm currently trying to make Smoldersleet Elixir. I'll be occupying this [[Crafting Bench]] in the meantime, I'm afraid.
:'''Paimon:''' Smoldersleet Elixir? Paimon's never heard that one before...
:'''Timaeus:''' This is a sort of mysterious medicine that has emerged of late. I only just discovered it, unexpectedly, in a certain academic tome.
:'''Timaeus:''' According to the author, the Smoldersleet Elixir originates in Liyue, and it can cause the strength of its user to multiply. Its efficacy is unmatched as well... I believe that it must be the work of powerful alchemy.
:'''Timaeus:''' The Elixir is highly regarded in Liyue, and is said to "re-invoke the radiant dignity within"...
:'''Timaeus:''' According to my estimations, my understanding of alchemy will advance by at least a decade if I prove able to synthesize this Elixir!
:'''Paimon:''' A decade? That's awesome!
:{{DIcon}} As long as the book is accurate, of course.
:{{DIcon}} As long as your estimations are on point, of course.
:'''Timaeus:''' Don't worry! The author of this book is a genuine genius. They've written all manner of acclaimed essays, to boot.
:'''Timaeus:''' Alchemy is a most fascinating science. As we seek to uncover the techniques of the ancients, we are also consulting with the research of our contemporaries, constantly evolving and improving.
:'''Timaeus:''' That's why I seek out all manner of texts &mdash; to uncover what help they may be to my study of alchemy.
:'''Paimon:''' You're a really positive guy, huh, Timaeus?
:'''Timaeus:''' If the two of you could lend me a hand, I'm sure that my research will be completed with ease and produce results that Mr. [[Albedo]] will acknowledge!
:'''Timaeus:''' I might even be able to become his assistant and stay with him at his encampment permanently, researching topics of even greater difficulty.
:'''Paimon:''' What do you say, (Traveler)? Should we help him out?
:{{DIcon}} Well, we do need that Crafting Bench...
:{{DIcon}} Let's help advance his academic career a little...
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, guess we're helping him!
:'''Timaeus:''' Thank you both so much! I'll find an appropriate way to repay you for sure!
:'''Timaeus:''' Once I'm done synthesizing the Smoldersleet Elixir, you shall be the first to enjoy its miraculous effects. {{sic|Believe you me}}, you'll be stronger in a blink of an eye!
:{{DIcon}} No need to be so polite...
:{{DIcon}} I don't exactly need external help to become stronger...
:'''Paimon:''' Never mind medicines or becoming stronger, Paimon just wants some good food!
:'''Timaeus:''' That's even easier! Once we finish this task, I'll provide you with the appropriate remuneration and invite you to a restaurant of your choice for a hearty meal!
:'''Paimon:''' Really? It's a deal, then!

:'''You assist Timaeus in his attempt to create the legendary Smoldersleet Elixir...'''

:'''Timaeus:''' *sigh* It seems that my current techniques are insufficient to create the Smoldersleet Elixir. Looks like we'll need the help of a specialist...
:'''Paimon:''' Like Albedo?
:'''Timaeus:''' No! Out of the question! Isn't that the same as asking your exam proctor for the answers!?
:'''Timaeus:''' If Mr. Albedo found out that I couldn't even make medicine, then it's all the more unlikely that he'll ever acknowledge me...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmmm, you do have a point...
:{{DIcon}} How about asking Sucrose?
::'''Timaeus:''' Sucrose is far beyond me in her understanding of alchemy, yes, but her field of expertise is essentially unrelated to the Smoldersleet Elixir...
::'''Timaeus:''' Also, she's usually very busy. I wouldn't want to disturb her...
:{{DIcon}} You could ask Lisa.
::'''Timaeus:''' Ms. Lisa is currently sorting out the book collection that library has within its walls. It's frighteningly hard work, so I hear... and I doubt she would be any less frightening if we disturbed her.
::'''Timaeus:''' Whatever the case, we should, ah, probably not bother her.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait! Then doesn't that leave us without any options?
:'''Timaeus:''' Not exactly. Our help lies not in [[Mondstadt]]... but in [[Liyue]].
:'''Timaeus:''' The text that I read mentions that "The artificer amidst quiet doors hides, the scented wind in the harbor abides."
:'''Timaeus:''' The "scented wind" is synonymous with the "south wind" in Liyue, so this Elixir Artificer who made our Smoldersleet Elixir must be someone who lives in the southern area of Liyue Harbor.
:'''Timaeus:''' Consulting this Artificer, then, is our most effective solution.
:'''Timaeus:''' So, would you two mind accompanying me to Liyue? I'm... honestly not too familiar with that place.
:{{DIcon}} Regarding the meaning of that poem...
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure of your conclusions?
:'''Timaeus:''' Of course! Please have faith in my analytic capabilities!
:'''Paimon:''' Liyue, huh... That's a long way out.
:'''Timaeus:''' Oh yes, I've heard that Liyue cuisine is very delicious. Once this is over, we can just eat there.
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, great idea! Paimon's in!
:'''Paimon:''' Better watch out, because Paimon's gonna eat every signature dish at [[Wanmin Restaurant]]. You can't ever get enough of those, that's for sure!
:{{DIcon}} That sounds really expensive...
:{{DIcon}} You sure your research funds will hold, Timaeus?
:'''Timaeus:''' Don't worry. Compared to the fruits of my research&mdash; uh, I mean, a little Mora is nothing compared to the favor I owe the two of you for helping me!
:'''Timaeus:''' Let's set off immediately!
----
;(Approach the marked spot in Liyue Harbor)
:'''Timaeus:''' Let me look at that map... the southern part of [[Liyue Harbor]] is known as Chihu Rock, right? That's where we'll find our Elixir Artificer, I'll wager.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, here's Chihu Rock! Let's go have a look around!

;(Talk to Brother Qian)
:'''Paimon:''' Hello there! Do you know the Elixir Artificer who lives around here?
:'''Brother Qian:''' Elixir what now? I've never heard of such a person...
:'''Brother Qian:''' Aren't only big shot artisans called something fancy like an "artificer?" I'm afraid someone of my station wouldn't know anyone like that.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Well, let's go ask someone else.

;(Talk to Hongyi)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey there! We're looking for the Elixir Artificer of Chihu Rock. Would you know where he lives?
:'''Hongyi:''' I'm sorry, but I'm not very familiar with the nicknames that my neighbors have, only their proper recorded names.
:'''Hongyi:''' Perhaps you could ask [[Ying'er]] from Scent of Spring.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, that makes sense! Ms. Ying'er should totally be familiar with what's going on around here. Let's just go ask her!

;(Talk to Ying'er)
:'''Ying'er:''' Oh, so glad to see that I'm finally on your mind. And you've brought a friend, too! Here to keep me company, perhaps?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh boy, Paimon's got a funny feeling about this already...
:'''Paimon:''' Actually, Ms. Ying'er, we're here to pay the Elixir Artificer a visit. Do you know where we can find this person?
:'''Ying'er:''' Oh my, you've got your foot in another boat already, I see. Ah, I must admit, I'm a little disappointed...
:'''Ying'er:''' But I must say that it's a pleasant surprise that you're digging into my deepest secrets like this.
:{{DIcon}} Secrets?
:{{DIcon}} A pleasant surprise?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait a minute! Does this mean that Ms. Ying'er *is* the Elixir Artificer?
:'''Ying'er:''' Growing ever smarter, I see. How adorable!
:'''Paimon:''' That's... unexpected!
:'''Timaeus:''' To think that the Elixir Artificer would be so young...
:'''Timaeus:''' Sure, the feeling is quite different from Mr. Albedo, but there's that same inscrutable aura!
:'''Ying'er:''' Ah, looking at your flustered faces, you must have some cares that need lifting. Come now, let's be direct, shall we?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon feels like this situation is about to take an unexpected turn...

:'''You and Timaeus explain his research into the Smoldersleet Elixir.'''

:'''Ying'er:''' Ah, so this alchemist is doing research into this wondrous Smoldersleet Elixir...
:'''Ying'er:''' I'm afraid that I am about to disappoint you.
:'''Ying'er:''' The "Smoldersleet Elixir" you seek is just an ancient perfume that is my specialty. It has nothing to do with alchemy.
:'''Timaeus:''' A perfume? Isn't that some sort of solid spice?
:'''Paimon:''' B&mdash;But it has such a cool name! And the book said that it could make people stronger...
:'''Ying'er:''' Hehe, I suspect that must have been a result of the perfume's popularity.
:'''Ying'er:''' The ancient writers once emphasized the virtues of "edification through immersion" &mdash; that is to say that human temperament and character can be affected by being steeped in aromas and lovely scents.
:'''Ying'er:''' Those who have used my ancient perfume find themselves becoming magnetic, confident, their relations ever improving, their careers ever climbing, their sailing ever smooth...
:'''Ying'er:''' Why, it's almost as if they had truly used an adepti elixir.
:'''Ying'er:''' As such, people gave that ancient perfume of mine a suitably poetic name before writing a simple poem to praise its efficacy.
:'''Paimon:''' So that's how it is!
:'''Timaeus:''' That can't be... Was the essay I read mistaken? Or was my understanding of the poem in error?
:'''Timaeus:''' Like for example: this elixir is said to "re-invoke the radiant dignity within." Doesn't that mean that it's capable of unlocking a person's inner power and potential, Ms. Ying'er?
:'''Ying'er:''' Oh dear. Actually, this phrase refers to a person's demeanor and temperament. What it really means is that the ancient perfume allows people to appear refreshed and radiant.
:'''Ying'er:''' Not that I blame you, of course. Poetry requires deep study, and it is quite different from the analysis of data and numbers. We are not meant to look at the words in isolation, but as a whole.
:'''Timaeus:''' So word-by-word analysis doesn't work in this case?
:'''Timaeus:''' But that book mentioned many of the curious effects of the Smoldersleet Elixir. Honestly, I was left speechless as I read them...
:'''Ying'er:''' Titillating mysteries are fascinating things, like a lovely silhouette seen through a window screen. So too, do books that record street rumors require a certain artistic license.
:'''Ying'er:''' Ah, but I must say, that really was high praise...
:'''Timaeus:''' How could this be...
:'''Paimon:''' So let Paimon get this straight: Timaeus' reference material bragged about the perfume's effects, and then he misread the poem, resulting in his believing that this Smoldersleet Elixir is some super powerful alchemical medicine?
:{{DIcon}} Well, can't say I didn't come mentally prepared.
:{{DIcon}} Feels like par for the course, somehow.
:'''Timaeus:''' So in the end, my research was based on incorrect arguments!
:'''Timaeus:''' Agh... I failed again, and I did a ton of fruitless work to boot!
:'''Ying'er:''' Now, now, don't get so down.
:'''Ying'er:''' They do say that "the path between mountains leads to new trails, and even the withered wood shall sprout anew"...
:'''Ying'er:''' Perhaps the ancient arts of producing perfume might give you a little inspiration and allow you to break through this final bottleneck in producing the medicine you desire?
:'''Paimon:''' That's true. Things might have developed weirdly, but you did get pretty far using your own understanding, Timaeus.
:'''Paimon:''' Since Ms. Ying'er's agreed to help, why not give it a go?
:{{DIcon}} Who knows, you might make some unexpected gains.
:'''Timaeus:''' You're right. Alchemy, too, is a deep science, and this isn't my first failure either. I've got to push through this!
:'''Timaeus:''' I can usually grasp what I'm reading. This is just a blip!
:'''Timaeus:''' Even if I can't produce some miracle medicine, improving the alchemical remedies we have currently is an accomplishment nonetheless!
:'''Timaeus:''' Ms. Ying'er, Traveler, let's head to the nearest Crafting Bench.

;(Approach the crafting bench)
:'''Ying'er:''' Now, the making of ancient perfumes is quite the delicate process.
:'''Ying'er:''' Think of your movements as a lover's caress. Gently peel the bud open, remove the petals, and stack them with care.
:'''Ying'er:''' Thinner petals on top, thicker ones below, leaving appropriate gaps between each, then mash them...
:'''Ying'er:''' Don't grip your mortar and pestle too tightly. Loose wrists, steady rhythm. Up and down, up and down...
:'''Ying'er:''' Wait until the petal sap has oozed out and the base of your mortar and pestle are moist before speeding up.
:'''Timaeus:''' Uh... *cough*
:'''Timaeus:''' Ms. Ying'er, I must say that your choice of words is most, ah, unique! Nonetheless, I understand what you mean.
:'''Timaeus:''' The raw materials must be handled carefully and placed into the container in the right order. The timing of immersing them into the base fluid must be precise so that we can better control the temperature...
:'''Timaeus:''' Creating alchemical potions of a high quality also requires similarly strict controls.
:'''Ying'er:''' Ah, you're quite the bright spark, aren't you? But that's not all.
:'''Ying'er:''' The sublimation effect of certain perfumes must be given utmost care. As such, suitable auxiliary materials, such as [[Mint]] and [[Starconch]], must be added.
:'''Ying'er:''' This way, the perfume's scent will diffuse quickly, allowing everyone around to relax.
:'''Ying'er:''' But this effect cannot be too strong, or the perfume will not endure long.
:'''Timaeus:''' ...Sublimate, you say?
:'''Timaeus:''' I get it! Actually, this aspect of making ancient perfumes is exactly what I'm looking for!
:'''Timaeus:''' Aerosolized medication can affect both the user and the environment, granting them more obvious effects than ordinary essential oils!
:'''Timaeus:''' Fine control over the sublimation speeds should allow such agents to last longer than essential oils as well.
:'''Timaeus:''' Yes, yes, this direction is very promising indeed!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, there's no place in this academic mumbo-jumbo for the likes of us, huh...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's leave them alone for a while, shall we?

:'''Under Ying'er's direction, Timaeus tries making an improved alchemical agent.'''

:'''Paimon:''' That smells great! Paimon feels refreshed and energized already!
:{{DIcon}} It really does perk you up.
:{{DIcon}} That is pretty amazing.
:'''Timaeus:''' It's a success! I finally succeeded in combining ancient perfume-making with alchemical agents!
:'''Timaeus:''' Thank you so much, Ms. Ying'er. If not for your expert instruction, there's no way I would have grasped these concepts and made these medicines so easily!
:'''Ying'er:''' Oh, come now. Too much humility will make you come off as shallow and overly polite. It was your own knowledge and discernment that proved key to your success.
:'''Ying'er:''' Well then... Won't you give the fruit of your ardent labor a name?
:'''Timaeus:''' Let's call them "Smoldersleet Potions," then! They're a combination of your perfume-making techniques and the features of alchemical potions together &mdash; a unique blend that will go down in history for sure!
:'''Ying'er:''' Oh my, how you flatter me~
:'''Paimon:''' But you know, that name's not all that different from Smoldersleet Elixir...
:'''Timaeus:''' Well, uh, let's get back on topic!
:'''Timaeus:''' Traveler, as promised, you shall be the very first user of the Smoldersleet Potion.
:'''Timaeus:''' It could still use some improvement in its current form, so could I trouble you to test its effects for me?
:'''Timaeus:''' Its effects should be more obvious in areas where the air flow is gentle.
:'''Timaeus:''' I've heard that Liyue has some domains in which no one sets foot. I reckon those would be ideal testing grounds!
:{{DIcon}} Well, in for one Mora, in for the lot...
:{{DIcon}} Honestly, you've got me pretty excited, too!
:'''Timaeus:''' Then you have my thanks.
:'''Timaeus:''' I'll remain here for a while longer to continue my discussions with Ms. Ying'er. Once I get your feedback, I'll make some improvements to the Smoldersleet Potion.
:'''Ying'er:''' We'll be waiting for good news from you~
----
;(Talk to Ying'er or Timaeus again)
:'''Ying'er:''' There's still a lot to learn in the field of perfumes and essential oils. Would you like to hear it?
:'''Timaeus:''' Of course! In fact, we could keep going for days and nights on end &mdash; as long as you don't mind, of course!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Elixirs and Potions
|zhs     = 丹剂与魔药
|zhs_rm  = Dānjì Yǔ Móyào
|zht     = 丹劑與魔藥
|zht_rm  = Dānjì Yǔ Móyào
|zh_tl   = Elixirs and Potions
|ja      = 丹剤とポーション
|ja_rm   = Tanzai to Pooshon
|ja_tl   = Elixirs and Potions
|ko      = 단약과 포션
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Píldoras y pociones
|es_tl   = Pills and Potions
|fr      = Élixir et potion
|fr_tl   = Elixir and Potion
|ru      = Эликсир и зелье
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ยาเม็ดและโพชั่น
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đơn Dược Và Ma Dược
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Elixier und Zaubertrank
|de_tl   = Elixir and Potion
|id      = Obat dan Ramuan
|id_tl   = Medicines and Potions
|pt      = Elixir e Poções
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

[[pt-br:Elixir e Poções]]