{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
<!--
|missing_NPC_idle     = yes
|missing_NPC_dialogue = yes
-->
}}
{{About|the NPC|the location|Elynas}}
{{Character Infobox
|name             = Elynas
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Elynas.png
|caption          = Elynas as a spirit in the form of a Melusine
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = Rhinedottir
|motherNote       = creator
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = Albedo
|sibling2         = Durin
|sibling3         = Primordial Albedo
|sibling4         = Rifthounds
|child            = Melusine
|childNote        = indirectly
|child2           = Breacher Primus
|childNote2       = indirectly
|relative         = 
}}
'''Elynas''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the ''[[Ancient Colors]]'' quest series.

He is known as "Father" by the [[Melusine]]s, a race unintentionally created by him.<ref name="LDRD">{{Ref/Quest|Limner, Dreamer, and Robotic Dog}}</ref> He is also the indirect creator of the [[Breacher Primus]] species.

==Profile==
===Personality===
When alive, Elynas used to enjoy exploring the world, initially unaware that his happiness brought others suffering. When he realized this, he became upset and sought to die so he could not harm others. After his death, Elynas would desire company despite not being able to communicate with them, since he knew that as long as he lived, he would bring suffering to others and did not want that to happen. He saw [[Jakob]] as a friend, even after he had transformed into an [[Iniquitous Baptist]] after being warped by the powers of the Abyss, commenting on how tall and strong he had become from his original human form.

===Appearance===
Elynas' true form, according to Jakob, is that of a massive beast. His remains are significantly larger than those of [[Orobashi]], and encompasses almost the entirety of [[Fontaine]]'s [[Beryl Region]].

In a spiritual form, Elynas takes on the appearance of a Melusine.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==
===History===
According to Elynas himself, he was originally an "unknown form" who floated in the "cosmic darkness" (likely referring to the [[Abyss]]), which he considered cold and lonely, often crying from a lack of company. However, he met his "Mother" at some point, who gave him his name and wanted to make sure that he would be born in a beautiful world, to give it life and a strong and healthy body that could walk the world. He had many siblings, both old and young, maintaining a good relationship with them. When they left the world beneath the earth, Elynas encountered life on Teyvat, which made him happy, but he eventually realized that his "happiness" resulted in suffering for the other races, which made him sad.<ref name="LDRD"/>

According to the logs of Fontaine Armada, Elynas seemingly appeared during the [[cataclysm]], causing severe pollution to the land and sea. The Director of the [[Narzissenkreuz Institute]] and other [[Oceanid]]s went to confront the disaster, while vice-director [[Basil Elton]] was recalled by Fontaine Armada to fight against Elynas. The Sponsian was repaired and the Fontaine Armada set off for what would be their final battle. The armada pursued Elynas for approximately 35 days, all the while attracting monsters from the [[Abyss]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Lone Phantom Sail}}</ref> For reasons unknown, Elynas had begun to bleed. Eventually, what remained of the fleet caught up to Elynas, and in a final attack, the Sponsian lunged at Elynas and was split in half, with one part being lodged in his body.

Elynas eventually bled out from his wounds and died<ref name="LDRD" />, though he retained his consciousness and was able to sense those who entered his body. Roughly 400 years prior to the events of the game, his body also drew the interest of [[Rene de Petrichor]]. He and [[Jakob Ingold]] entered his body multiple times, letting Jakob absorb Elynas' blood and empowering him with Abyssal power. Eventually, Jakob transformed into an [[Iniquitous Baptist]].<ref>{{Ref/Item|Enigmatic Page (III)}}</ref> Elynas was delighted by the arrival of these new friends. He took an interest in both Jakob and Rene, sensing a "strange, dark, cold cosmic power" within them, and generously shared his blood with them.<ref name="LDRD" />

Later on, Elynas noticed many people, including a "[[Lyris|spirit of the primordial waters]]," many [[Recon Log Mek|metal animals]], and people, entered his body,<ref name="LDRD" /> The members of the [[Marechaussee Phantom]], including [[Mary-Ann]] and her mechanical assistant [[Seymour]], arrived to arrest the members of the [[Narzissenkreuz Ordo]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Final Question}}</ref> Jakob and [[Caterpillar]] fought against them within Elynas' body. During the battle, Jakob caused an explosion, sending a massive shockwave through Elynas' body, killing many. The survivors never returned, which saddened Elynas as it meant he was lonely again. Seymour survived the explosion but sustained severe damage in the process.<ref name="LDRD" />

However, the wounds and broken flesh eventually resulted in the Melusines being born from mechanical or [[Clockwork Meka]] components (known as "tokens" by Melusines), which delighted Elynas as he saw them as beautiful and intelligent. Elynas taught them how to live and enjoyed the happiness and liveliness they had in their lives. It is also implied that the [[Breacher Primus]] were also created around the same time through a combination of the Abyss' power and his remains &mdash; these would serve as his "cells" to protect his body. Elynas remarked that the Breacher Primus were not as "smart" as the Melusine, though he did have some control over them when needed.<ref name="LDRD" />

===Present Day===
Eventually, the Melusines could no longer hear his voice, apart from [[Mamere]], though he did not mind, seeing that all children had to leave their parents one day. Some Melusines having learned about Elynas through legends, have misconceptions about him, leading to inconsistent descriptions. For example, [[Liath]] believes that Elynas is a gentle mother. At some point, Elynas learned a method to repair Seymour and later taught Mamere the repair technique.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|There Will Come Soft Rains}}</ref>

Elynas' remains would be stumbled upon by various [[wildlife]] that consumed it, potentially resulting in at least two [[Consecrated Beast]]s being created from the abyssal powers within his body.<ref name="Consecrated">A [[Consecrated Red Vulture]] and [[Consecrated Horned Crocodile]] can be found around his remains.</ref>

Jakob would continue collecting Elynas' blood in an attempt to revive him and create transcended "neohumans," though Elynas believed that he was trying to thank him for allowing him to use his blood. However, he did not want to be revived, as he knew that as long as he lived, he would bring suffering to the other races, especially the Melusines as his revived body would end up crushing their homes. Jakob hired a group of Eremites to buy paintings made with Elynas’ blood from Mamere in order to collect blood without resorting to violence, though this was unintentionally foiled by the Traveler, who ran into Mamere by chance while exploring [[Fontaine]].<ref name="LDRD" />

While helping Mamere fix Seymour and gather paint, they encountered Jakob and defeated him before he could restart Elynas' heart. Before leaving, Jakob cast a sealing spell on the Traveler and restarted Elynas' heart, intending to let the monsters and Elynas' digestive system destroy others. During the battle between Seymour and the [[riftwolves]], Elynas had a Breacher Primus release the Traveler and fought alongside them to prevent his heart from restarting. Elynas had Mamere create a painting for them as a way to express his gratitude.<ref name="LDRD" />

Jakob's plan granted Elynas a brief "time of life," allowing them to converse briefly. Elynas met with the consciousness of the Traveler in the form of a Melusine and expressed gratitude to the Traveler for stopping his revival, as it would have destroyed the Melusines' homes. He expressed a desire to return to life and explore the world without causing harm, promising to show the Traveler his true form should the opportunity arise. Before his "time of life" ran out, Elynas requested the Traveler to convey his blessings to Mamere. The Traveler conveyed his blessing to her, who remarked that she could no longer hear his voice.<ref name="LDRD" />

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* Elynas shares many common traits with the creations of [[Rhinedottir]].
** Elynas does not belong to the world of Teyvat, or the planet fundamentally. His cells are alien lifeforms created from the remains of Elynas and the power of the Abyss through unknown methods.
** Elynas and [[Durin]]'s experiences are remarkably similar. They both possess a childlike innocence and view their life-giver or creator as "Mother," and they had numerous "siblings." Their blood is poisonous and crystallizes, and it has a connection to the Abyss. In their lifetimes, they caused many disasters, yet they perceive these events as beautiful or entertaining. They continue to express their goodwill even in death or after death, and their hearts have been preserved in various ways.
** According to [[Canotila and the Book of Revealing|the Book of Revealing]], Rene discovered that Elynas, Durin, and [[rifthound]]s possess properties that are strikingly similar to Elynas' flesh and blood (verified by Jakob). Instead of decaying, Elynas' body was "hardening" and forming a layer of "protective membrane" on it. Rene believes that this is a self-defense mechanism designed to safeguard its internal organs.
* The space that Elynas felt "cold" and "cosmic darkness" most likely referred to the Abyss (or Void Realm), as he noticed that there was also "a bit of the dark, cold cosmos's power" within Jakob and Rene's body.
* [[Inazuma]]n style ships and [[Shogunate]] banners can be seen [["A Lonely Place"|within Elynas]], suggesting that he was in Inazuma at some point.

===Etymology===
* Elynas was a fictional king of {{w|Alba}}ny and the father of {{w|Melusine|Mélusine}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Elynas}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}