{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = Marechaussee Hunter Equipment Card.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Dissolved; consciousness absorbed by the [[Narzissenkreuz]] 500 years ago
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Narzissenkreuz Institute
|affiliation2     = Marechaussee Phantom
|affiliation3     = Maison Gardiennage
|title            = Marechaussee Hunter

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|child           = Alain Guillotin
|childNote       = adoptive son
|child2           = Mary-Ann Guillotin
|childNote2       = adoptive daughter
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Emanuel Guillotin''' was a [[Fontaine|Fontainian]] historical figure from 500 years ago and a former member of the [[Narzissenkreuz Institute]] and [[Marechaussee Phantom]]. He was the adoptive father of [[Alain Guillotin]] and [[Mary-Ann Guillotin]]<ref name="Forgotten Vessel">{{Ref/Arti|Forgotten Vessel}}</ref>

==Profile==
Emanuel was a member of the [[Narzissenkreuz Institute]] along with [[Basil Elton]], [[Dwight Lasker]] and [[Karl Ingold]]. He also has superior combat skills, capable of defeating the [[Champion Duelist]] [[Marfisa]].<ref name="Rightful Reward">{{Ref/Weapon|Rightful Reward}}</ref> Emanuel was lighthearted and carefree until the events of the [[Siege of Poisson]],<ref name="Rightful Reward" /> after which he became cold-hearted and detached, as people reminded him that they too had "red blood" flowing within them.<ref name="Veteran's Visage">{{Ref/Arti|Veteran's Visage}}</ref>

===Appearance===
Emanuel wore a mask known as the [[Veteran's Visage]] to hide the appalling scars on his face.

==Story==
Emanuel was raised alongside [[Basil Elton]], [[Dwight Lasker]] and [[Karl Ingold]] at the [[Narzissenkreuz Institute]]. There, he often played games with them, taking on the role of the "hero" to fight against Karl, who played Jabberwock the evil dragon.<ref name="Forgotten Vessel" />

Emanuel joined the [[Marechaussee Phantom]] in adulthood and directed the [[Siege of Poisson]], an incident which potentially led to the deaths of [[Rene de Petrichor]] and [[Jakob Ingold]]'s parents.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Enigmatic Page (II)}}</ref> The bloodshed left both a physical and mental mark on Emanuel, and prompted him to retire.<ref name="Veteran's Visage" />

After retiring from the Marechaussee Phantom, Emanuel sank deep into alcoholism and disengaged himself from others. Anticipating a threat to the Narzissenkreuz Institute, Basil asked Emanuel to become the guardian of Alain and Mary-Ann before departing for battle. Emanuel reluctantly accepted her request and took the kids in, despite having no love for children and wishing to not associate himself with anyone. Although they never grew close, Emanuel became attached to the siblings over time.<ref name="Veteran's Visage" />

After Basil's death, Emanuel and others paid their respects at Basil's grave. Emanuel introduced his adopted son, [[Alain Guillotin]], to [[Dwight Lasker]], the director of the [[Institute of Natural Philosophy]] and Emanuel's childhood friend, seeking Institute support for Alain and Mary-Ann.<ref name="Ancient Notes">Interactable: [[Institute of Natural Philosophy#Ancient Notes|Ancient Notes]]</ref> However, Mary-Ann refused it.

Dwight received a report one day regarding the [[Narzissenkreuz Ordo]] and their leader, referred to as the "[[Narzissenkreuz]]".<ref>Interactable: [[Institute of Natural Philosophy#Ancient Investigative Report|Ancient Investigative Report]]</ref> He entrusted the investigation of the Narzissenkreuz Ordo to Emanuel,<ref name="Ancient Notes" /> who undertook it to protect his son and daughter.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Hunter's Brooch}}</ref> However, he would become the first person to be dissolved by the Master; the Champion Duelist [[Marfisa]], who had been tracking Emanuel, became the second. In his last moments, Emanuel recollected moments of his life, thinking back to his time in the Narzissenkreuz Institute and the events of the Siege of Poisson. He regretted his inability to become a competent father figure for the siblings before being dissolved and assimilated by the Master.<ref name="Forgotten Vessel" />

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* Emanuel's surname, Guillotin, is derived from French doctor {{w|Joseph-Ignace Guillotin}}, who fought for using more humane methods of execution. This ultimately led to the development and usage of the {{w|guillotine}}, which came to be associated with him after he spoke in favor of it before France's National Assembly.

==Gallery==
===Genius Invokation TCG===
{{Genius Invokation TCG Cards by Featured Gallery}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Emanuel Guillotin
|zhs     = 埃马纽艾尔・吉约丹
|zhs_rm  = Āimǎniǔ'ài'ěr Jíyuēdān
|zht     = 埃馬紐艾爾・吉約丹
|zht_rm  = Āimǎniǔ'ài'ěr Jíyuēdān
|ja      = エマニュエル・ギヨタン
|ja_rm   = Emanyueru Giyotan
|ko      = 엠마누엘<・: >기요틴
|es      = Emanuel Guillotin
|fr      = Emanuel Guillotin
|ru      = Эмманюэль Гильотен
|th      = Emanuel Guillotin
|vi      = Emanuel Guillotin
|de      = Emanuel Guillotin
|id      = Emanuel Guillotin
|pt      = Emmanuel Guillotin
|tr      = Emanuel Guillotin
|it      = Emanuel Guillotin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|1}}