{{Event Tabs
|gallery = false
}}

==A Hero's Approval!==
{{Transclude|A Hero's Approval!|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Open-World Dialogue==
One-time dialogue; the characters will disappear after the player talks to them.
===Kinich===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Kinich]] near the [[Emblem of Steadfast Valor#Twist 'n' Spin 'n' Zig 'n' Zag|Twist 'n' Spin 'n' Zig 'n' Zag]] challenge)<ref group="Note" name="AQreq">Does not appear if {{Quest|Incandescent Ode of Resurrection}} has not been completed.</ref>
:'''Kinich:''' A courier told me that our combat readiness liaison found an excellent certification officer.
:'''Kinich:''' Turns out that it's you. An encouraging sign.
:'''Ajaw:''' Tsk, so they've even gone to YOU, of all people? Hey, Kinich, looks like freaks of a feather do flock together &mdash; this commission-freak never learned to say no either!
:'''Kinich:''' Oh, look. A new commission notification &mdash; "to shut a noisy dragon up."
:{{DIcon}} Oh, that? I just posted it.
::'''Ajaw:''' You... You... So that's how it's gonna be, huh? Ganging up on the [[Ajaw|Almighty Dragonlord]]... Just you wait!
:{{DIcon}} Oh, don't worry, you can handle that one later.
::'''Ajaw:''' Hmph! Do you think such paltry flattery means that the Almighty Dragonlord will owe you one or something?
:'''Kinich:''' Anyway, back on topic, {{Traveler}}. We'd like your help certifying these stages. Their difficulty and balance should be up to par.
:'''Ajaw:''' Difficulty? Where? Pfft! Don't be ridiculous.
:'''Kinich:''' And what would you consider difficult? "Have them randomly pick some halfwit partner before rappelling down a mountain blindfolded"?
:'''Kinich:''' And perhaps you'd also make it so that they'd only have a ten-percent chance of getting a [[Yumkasaur]] buddy, with their other options being [[Avatar of Lava|Avatars of Lava]] or [[Geo Slime]]s?
:{{DIcon}} That's practically begging for death.
::'''Ajaw:''' Hah, haven't you been tagging along with my little lackey long enough to know that that's just what the Scions of the Canopy love doing? My suggestion's perfect for them.
::'''Kinich:''' Perhaps you'd like to give us a demonstration, then?
:{{DIcon}} Oooh, now we're really talking...
::'''Ajaw:''' Hark! Hark! Now here's a person of refined tastes &mdash; way better than yours, at least!
::{{DIcon}} But I'd love to watch Ajaw show us how a pro does it first.
::'''Kinich:''' I second that motion, Ajaw. You are much more agile than the average challenger. And even if a monster gets lucky and lands a hit, not like you'll get smacked straight into an Ajaw-shaped hole in the ground, right?
:'''Ajaw:''' ...Such trivial challenges are far beneath the Almighty Dragonlord's dignity. Just amuse yourselves however you please, peons!
:'''Kinich:''' In any case, Irade offered me a good rate. Here's to you finding enjoyment in the challenge &mdash; and receiving satisfactory payment.
:{{DIcon}} I'm looking forward to it!
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me, Kinich!
:'''Kinich:''' I wish you well.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Xilonen===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Xilonen]] near the [[Emblem of Steadfast Valor#Indomitable Diamond-Breaking Will|Indomitable Diamond-Breaking Will]] challenge)<ref group="Note" name="AQreq" />
:'''Xilonen:''' Phew... The weather sure is nice. This trip out was well worth it.
:'''Xilonen:''' Hmm? Do my eyes deceive me, or do I spy our "{{Rubi|Tumaini|Hope}}"?
:{{DIcon}} What a coincidence, Xilonen.
:{{DIcon}} I took Irade's commission.
:{{Black Screen|You tell Xilonen about Irade and the exam stages...}}
:'''Xilonen:''' Ah, I see... I almost forgot. I did lend her a hand earlier. In fact, our tribe's stage is nearby.
:'''Xilonen:''' At first, she only got the "Calamity of Tetlahuitl," [[Nkunga]], and the "Sand Dagger of Seit'aad," [[Amuru]], to help her out.
:'''Xilonen:''' But those two aren't big on "mobility," preferring head-on clashes, so the resulting feedback was skewed.
:'''Xilonen:''' First thing [[Pacal]] did after hearing that was to ask me to give some suggestions.
:{{DIcon}} So the current stage is your work, then?
::'''Xilonen:''' More or less. Pacal, Irade, and I made a few minor modifications after some discussion.
::'''Xilonen:''' Now, the stages are more about getting yourself to advantageous ground quick and managing a shifting fulcrum in the heat of battle.
:{{DIcon}} You... really make just about everything, don't you...
::'''Xilonen:''' Eh, it's just a few simple devices. They weren't that hard to build.
::'''Xilonen:''' A one-time effort on my part for a continuous pipeline of stronger warriors for our tribe? That's a good deal &mdash; especially since I can use that extra free time to work through my commission backlog...
:{{DIcon}} Allow me to accept your trial, then!
:{{DIcon}} Let's hope you didn't make this too difficult...
:'''Xilonen:''' Please, everyone in Natlan has witnessed your strength. I doubt there's a challenge out there that could trip you up.
:'''Xilonen:''' Anyway, the stage is over there. Go try it out if you're interested.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Chasca===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Chasca]] near the [[Emblem of Steadfast Valor#Ascend, Seek, Destroy|Ascend, Seek, Destroy]] challenge)<ref group="Note" name="AQreq" />
:'''Chasca:''' No wonder I had a nagging feeling that I should come over and have a look... Well met, "{{Rubi|Tumaini|Hope}}."
:'''Chasca:''' Let me guess. You're here for the Flower-Feather Clan's warrior trial?
:{{DIcon}} That's right. I'm here to certify its difficulty!
::'''Chasca:''' You won't be disappointed, then. I've got nothing but the highest standards for Qucusaur Riders.
::'''Chasca:''' Teaching's not my strong suit, so when I was invited to design these stages, I went with "recalling tough challenges and piling them in one after the other."
:{{DIcon}} I could've come for you, for all you know.
::'''Chasca:''' Oh? That so...
::'''Chasca:''' So you wanna "transcend" my record, then? That's just my speed. I'll have {{Sic|to}} you know that I started by stuffing these stages full of tough challenges that I've faced in the past.
:'''Chasca:''' The result was... a ninety-nine percent failure rate on the part of our tribe's warriors &mdash; on the first stage, no less. As a result... There wasn't any choice but to take Irade's advice and tune the difficulty down a notch.
:'''Chasca:''' But I doubt that even the trials as they originally stood would have truly stretched you. If we wanted that... We'd have to go with situations even I would prove helpless in.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for the kind words, but I don't need special treatment!
:{{DIcon}} Haha, don't put me on a pedestal, now!
:'''Chasca:''' No, I do believe you worthy of such respect. I'm no teacher, but I've never misjudged the strength of those I meet.
:'''Chasca:''' And as far as yours is concerned... only the most trying of challenges would befit you.
:{{DIcon}} I need to consider the stages' suitability for ordinary warriors, though...
:{{DIcon}} The universality of the stages is not to be overlooked either!
:'''Chasca:''' ...Fair enough. You've got a task to complete, and we'll have more opportunities in the future.
:'''Chasca:''' One day, I'll lay out a banquet table of battle that "transcends" the pinnacle of Qucusaur Rider ability, just for you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

[[ja:勇気と努力の証/ストーリー]]
[[pt-br:Emblema da Coragem/História]]
[[ru:Эмблема непреклонной храбрости/История]]