{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Commission Emergency Supplies.png
|id            = 20073
|type          = Commission
|region        = Mondstadt
|npc           = Riese
|summary       = [[Riese]] asks the Traveler to help him fill the [[Emergency Supply Point]]s with ham.
|startLocation = [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Paimon; Riese; Traveler
|requirement   = 
|other         = 
*After completion, a [[Thank-You Letter]] can be found at one of the supply spots.
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}

'''Emergency Supplies''' is a commission quest that involves [[Dragonspine]] and the interactable [[Emergency Supply Point]]s. After completing the commission, the player can find a "[[Thank-You Letter]]" beside the northern box.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Riese]]
#Place the food supplies at the first location
#Place the food supplies at the second location
#Place the food supplies at the third location
#Report back to Riese

==Notes==
*Once accepted, co-op is inaccessible until the commission has been completed.
*A total of three [[Ham]]s will be needed.
*The third location requires melting snow.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Riese is preparing emergency supplies to protect some reckless adventurers from getting in trouble on Dragonspine...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Riese)
:'''Riese:''' Traveler! Wonderful timing. Could you do me a favor?
:{{DIcon}} What do you need?
:'''Riese:''' As you've no doubt seen, the conditions up here are horrendous. Even experienced adventurers would not dare to claim that they can handle all that Dragonspine can throw at them.
:'''Riese:''' I have orders from the [[Jean|Acting Grand Master]] to stand guard here and warn all citizens not to go up the mountain.
:'''Riese:''' However, while I have been able to persuade many citizens not to do so, those adventurers...
:'''Riese:''' I'm sure you know what I mean when I say that there's no use trying to convince them. They just want to go up that mountain.
:'''Riese:''' I've lost count of the number of matters I've had to resolve involving the adventurers... But they just keep coming anyway, and their ranks never thin.
:'''Riese:''' Trying to manage them all is an impossible task... As such, I've decided to prepare some supplies for them in designated spots on Dragonspine.
:'''Riese:''' In this way, those adventurers who have suffered a reverse and are preparing to turn back will have more opportunities to extricate themselves from the mountain.
:'''Riese:''' However, if some reckless fool drunk on their good fortune were to get too far up, then they'd only have themselves to rely on...
:'''Riese:''' So, could you help bring these supplies up the mountain?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it up to me.
::'''Riese:''' I shall be counting on you, then. *sigh* If only those adventurers had as good a sword-arm and as sensible a head on their shoulders as you do...
:{{DIcon}} Will they be of any use?
::'''Riese:''' Whether they will or not... It's better to have them than not.
::'''Riese:''' In such terrible conditions as the ones we have on this mountain, the more supplies we have, the better. All told, I'm counting on your help.
:'''Riese:''' I've marked three locations out on your map. You simply have to place {{Color|buzzword|one serving of Ham}} at each place.
:'''Riese:''' *sigh* I wish those adventurers had a little more self-awareness...

;(Talk to Riese again)
:'''Riese:''' Don't forget, you need to go to three locations, and deposit {{Color|buzzword|one serving of Ham}} at each place.
:'''Riese:''' I wish those adventurers had a little more self-awareness...
----
;(Interact with any Emergency Supply Point)
:'''Emergency Supply Point:''' This is an emergency supply point. If you should need anything, you may help yourself to the materials here.
:'''Emergency Supply Point:''' Dragonspine is a dangerous place. Please do not go too far in.
:{{DIcon}} Place Supplies
:;(Opens submission menu)

;(Upon arriving at the third location)
:'''Paimon:''' The snow's too deep around here. Looks like we need to shovel it out first.
----
;(Report back to Riese)
:'''Riese:''' Have you placed all the supplies?
:{{DIcon}} They're all where they need to be.
:'''Riese:''' That's wonderful. I can rest easy now.
:'''Riese:''' Still, I hope that those who go up the mountain will come sufficiently prepared and that they shan't have to use these emergency foodstuffs.
:'''Riese:''' Come to think of it, your clothes seem a little thin, too. Is this the latest fashion in Mondstadt or something?
:'''Riese:''' Whatever the case, please take these as a token of my thanks, and go put on some extra layers.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Emergency Supplies
|zhs     = 应急补给
|zhs_rm  = Yìngjí Bǔjǐ
|zht     = 應急補給
|zht_rm  = Yìngjí Bǔjǐ
|zh_tl   = Emergency Supplies
|ja      = 応急補給
|ja_rm   = Oukyuu Hokyuu
|ja_tl   = Emergency Supplies
|ko      = 응급 보급품
|ko_rm   = Eunggeup Bogeuppum
|ko_tl   = Emergency Supplies
|es      = Suministros de emergencia
|es_tl   = Emergency Supplies
|fr      = Rations d'urgence
|fr_tl   = Emergency Rations
|ru      = Экстренные припасы
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = อุปกรณ์ช่วยเหลือฉุกเฉิน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Emergency Support Equipment
|vi      = Tiếp Tế Khẩn Cấp
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Notfallrationen
|de_tl   = Emergency Supplies
|id      = Pasokan Darurat
|id_tl   = Emergency Supplies
|pt      = Suprimento de Emergência
|pt_tl   = Supply of Emergency
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:Suministros de emergencia]]
[[fr:Rations d'urgence]]