{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Emilie
|id             = 368185
|image          = Emilie Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Emilie''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Perfume...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Samples...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Experimental results...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Pick a fragrance to use...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Time for a walk...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Hi...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} An honor...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo emilie mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Hello. It's an honor to be invited into your home.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' It's even better than I imagined.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' I really appreciate the way this space combines popular aesthetics with your own personal style. Such a pleasant surprise.
::{{DIcon}} Got any decoration suggestions?
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Decorating is not one of my areas of expertise, I'm afraid. Although, I could certainly give you some advice on keeping the place well-ventilated, if you want.
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' The ventilation system I use in my perfume studio is one that I designed myself. As you can imagine, a perfume studio has more stringent ventilation requirements than other indoor spaces.
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Beyond that, it's worth giving some serious consideration to the position of doors and windows. Of course, these are just suggestions. If you have friends with more relevant expertise, you should ask them, too.
::{{DIcon}} Could you recommend some fragrances to suit this place?
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Hmm... For a place like this, I would recommend an herbal fragrance.
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' It would fit with the overall openness of the space, and bring in some of the earthy notes of the natural environment. Also, considering your occupation, it suits you down to a T.
:::{{DIcon}} Occupation? You mean, being a traveler?
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Exactly. From what I've seen, at least, that seems to be your primary occupation.
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' In my experience, travelers who spend a long time on the road have a better memory for scents than the average person.
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' And ultimately, it all stems from the ground beneath your feet &mdash; the soil. That's where you spend every step of your journey, from start to finish.
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Herbal notes capture the essence of the natural environment. They're most suited to people with the deepest connection to the land.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Do you have time for a chat?
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Of course. As long as I'm not keeping you from anything.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Why don't you pick a topic?
::{{DIcon}} Would this place work as a perfume studio?
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Ah, well, since you asked... Forgive me for being blunt, but I'm afraid not. The scenery here makes it a great place to live. But, it's missing quite a few necessities as far as a perfume studio is concerned.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Perfumes have very strict storage requirements. It takes a lot of dedicated equipment.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Of course, there's nothing stopping you from bringing the place up to spec. If you did that, it could make a fine studio space indeed.
::{{DIcon}} You seem like you're good at focusing.
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship2 06a 1.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Well, I'd have to agree with you there. It's very true.
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship2 06a 2.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' My work requires a high degree of precision. So, it's a good thing that I excel at staying focused.
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship2 06a 3.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Staying focused for three to five hours at a time is pretty easy for me.
::{{DIcon}} Got any tips for improving concentration?
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship2 06b.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' You're not the first person to ask me that question. Some people even believe certain perfumes can help you stay alert or increase productivity.
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' But, unfortunately, that's just wishful thinking.
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Certain fragrances can have a temporary relaxing effect on people, but long-term exposure to strong scents actually has a negative effect on the brain.
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' If you want my personal opinion, beyond being well-rested and sober, the best way to improve concentration is to minimize exposure to external stimuli.
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Before you begin a task, you need to remove all distractions and make sure your environment is suited to long hours of uninterrupted work.
:::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' If you ignore those two factors, you're setting yourself up for failure, no matter what your mental state is.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' The way you've designed this courtyard is quite ingenious. You could grow all kinds of plants.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' I'd like to try cultivating some plant specimens &mdash; with your permission, of course.
::{{DIcon}} Will they be fragrant?
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Some of them will.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' But plants that don't give off a strong fragrance are equally important.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Some plants don't have a distinct scent of their own, but can neutralize or modify other aromas. So they're often used to fine-tune a fragrance and control the intensity.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds almost like an experiment...
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Well, perfume-making is an experiment, and each ingredient is a different variable.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Hence why finding a suitable place to grow those ingredients is so important.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' The same ingredient will exhibit different properties in different environments. That's true for minerals and animal secretions, as well as plants.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' It looks like you have the capacity to adjust certain environmental parameters in this marvelous little courtyard of yours. Which means, all different kinds of flora and fauna can grow in an environment suited to them.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' It's like you have a courtyard-sized petri dish at your disposal. I can think of some other experiments you could run here, too... But those are forensics-related. They have to do with identification and cleaning.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' And private residences aren't really the best places to run those sorts of experiments. I don't want to ruin the lovely environment you have going here.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds kinda cool, though...
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Haha, then you're welcome to visit my laboratory any time.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' I heard you're an experienced alchemist, amongst other things? Perhaps we can trade expertise.
::{{DIcon}} Great! You're welcome here any time, as well.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Thank you! I'll certainly take you up on that invitation.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' This place is like an amalgamation of all your travels and everything you've experienced in life...
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo friendship3 16.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Perhaps, one day, a perfume will be made that perfectly encapsulates the unique character of this place.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Emilie.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Good Morning. Looks like you're ready to head out for the day.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Then, I won't take up any more of your time. Good luck with your endeavors.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Goodnight, Emilie.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Good night, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo emilie mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' By the looks of it, you've had quite a big day today. You should get some rest.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===The Nation of Hydro's Mottled Colors===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd emilie outskirts 01.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' There are a lot of houses and gardens like this on the outskirts of Fontaine.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd emilie outskirts 02.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Bright colors and fragrant flowers always have this way of washing away the exhaustion of travel.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd emilie outskirts 03.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Every time I come across something like this on the road, I always make sure to stop and appreciate it for a little while.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Court of Justice's Fresh Mist===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd emilie lucine 01.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Have you ever heard the saying, "All water in Fontaine converges in the Fountain of Lucine"?
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd emilie lucine 02.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Sometimes, I wonder about the water used to wash away the remnants of the dead... Does it carry traces of their resentment away with it?
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd emilie lucine 03.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Anyway, your fountain is quite different. The water is so much cleaner without all those coins people throw in to make wishes.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Émilie/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Émilie/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:エミリエ/仲間]]
[[ru:Эмилия/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Emilie/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Emilie/Bạn Đồng Hành]]