{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00389
|image         = Archon Quest C0A3 Empty Abode.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = III
|act           = Song of the Dragon and Freedom
|part          = 3
|startLocation = [[Stormterror's Lair]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Brightcrown Mountains
|subarea       = Stormterror's Lair
|prev          = Hurdle
|next          = Light Guiding Ceremony
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*300;Mora*8,775;Adventurer's Experience*3;Fine Enhancement Ore*10
|characters    = Diluc;Jean;Paimon;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|3|part=3}}
==Steps==
#Go towards [[Stormterror's Lair]].
#Enter the [[Decarabian's Tower|tower]].
#Find a way through the wind barrier.
#*The thorns blocking the path can be bypassed via [[Wind Currents]], or burnt down with [[Pyro]].
#Go to the upcurrent.
#Look for a way to the top of the tower.
#*An Exquisite Chest on the edge spawns upon approach and contains the recipe for [[Northern Smoked Chicken]].
#Enter the tower.
#*The [[Weird Statue|Ruin Guard]] is not an enemy.
#Go towards the top of the tower.

==Gameplay Notes==
* While reaching the top of the tower, players may optionally ride the wind current to the roof of the tower to find a Luxurious Chest and [[Anemoculus]].
** Reaching the top of the cupola by climbing the broken pillar grants the {{Achievement|The Remains of the Gale}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Assailed by many enemies, you realize that this road will not be an easy one. The way into Stormterror's Lair is strewn with obstacles, and so you must proceed with caution to find a path along the ruined walls.}}{{Dialogue Start}}
;(While approaching Stormterror's Lair)
:{{A|vo mdaq067 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like this is the front gate to {{Color|buzzword|Stormterror's Lair}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq067 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The gate is enormous compared to us... But still, Paimon wonders how Dvalin gets in there with a body that huge?
:{{A|vo mdaq067 1 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' He doesn't walk in, he flies in.
:{{A|vo mdaq067 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Oh. Hmm, you do have a point.
:;(At the entrance)
:{{A|vo mdaq067 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's stuck.
:{{A|vo mdaq067 2 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It's stuck.
:{{A|vo mdaq067 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, check out that {{Color|buzzword|roof}}. Is there a giant {{Color|buzzword|hole}} in it?
:{{A|vo mdaq067 2 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm... I suppose we could make use of that {{Color|buzzword|wind current}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq067 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's make a detour then. Heading up!
:{{A|vo mdaq067 2 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Let's make a detour then. Heading up!
:{{A|vo mdaq066 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Do you think there will be Abyss Mages hiding in the ruins?
:{{A|vo mdaq066 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Either way, if we do run into one, we will let the victorious Master Diluc do the&mdash;
:{{A|vo mdaq066 5 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Do not underestimate them just because I have beaten one of them before.
:{{A|vo mdaq066 5 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I'm not boasting. I'm simply saying there is more to the Abyss Order than a few mages.
:{{A|vo mdaq066 5 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Correct. That's why I tagged along, after all.
:{{A|vo mdaq066 5 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well, that &mdash; and also for your safety.
:{{A|vo mdaq066 5 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ah, why am I so diligent? Too diligent for a poet, in fact!
:{{A|vo mdaq066 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So says the person that made zero effort to search for the dragon tears and drank in the tavern all day!
:{{A|vo mdaq066 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't get it, what part of you is remotely diligent?
:;(When approaching the wind current)
:{{A|vo mdaq067 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look! A {{Color|buzzword|wind current}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq067 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It might lead us to the top of the tower.
----
;(At the top of Stormterror's Lair)
:{{A|vo mdaq067b 1 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh, we can't advance any further. The ruins seem to be guarded by ancient {{Color|buzzword|seals}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq067b 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this the work of Dvalin?
:{{A|vo mdaq067b 1 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' No. These ruins were once part of an ancient city. Dvalin just happens to be nesting in these ruins for now.
:{{A|vo mdaq067b 1 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' These ruins even predate the existence of The Four Winds.
:{{A|vo mdaq067b 1 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Mondstadt is a city without a ruler. However, before it was...
:{{A|vo mdaq067b 1 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It was ruled over by a tyrant.
:{{A|vo mdaq067b 1 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Anyway... I'll sing you that story when we have a chance [[Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land (Quest)|in the future]].
:{{A|vo mdaq067b 1 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The markings on this seal... If my archaeological knowledge is not mistaken, this appears to be a {{Color|buzzword|light actuator}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq067b 1 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If we retrieve and {{Color|buzzword|reintegrate}} all the {{Color|buzzword|parts}}, we should be able to {{Color|buzzword|get it working}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq067b 1 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' We should be close to completing the ceremony for this actuator.
:{{A|vo mdaq067b 1 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Let's put the {{Color|buzzword|last part}} back and see.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Empty Abode
|zhs     = 无人之家
|zhs_rm  = Wúrén zhī Jiā
|zht     = 無人之家
|zht_rm  = Wúrén zhī Jiā
|zh_tl   = Uninhabited Home
|ja      = 誰もいない家
|ja_rm   = Dare mo Inai Ie
|ja_tl   = House With Nobody in It
|ko      = 빈 집
|ko_tl   = Empty House
|es      = Una guarida desierta
|es_tl   = A Secret Lair
|fr      = Un foyer sans habitant
|fr_tl   = A Home Without Resident
|ru      = Пустая обитель
|ru_tl   = Empty Abode
|th      = บ้านที่ว่างเปล่า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Empty House
|vi      = Ngôi Nhà Không Người
|vi_tl   = Empty House
|de      = Herrenloses Heim
|de_tl   = Abandoned Home
|id      = Kediaman Tak Berpenghuni
|id_tl   = Abandoned Abode
|pt      = Moradia Vazia
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Boş Ev
|tr_tl   = Empty House
|it      = Una dimora abbandonata
|it_tl   = An Abandoned Abode
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[es:Una guarida desierta]]
[[ja:誰もいない家]]
[[pt-br:Moradia Vazia]]
[[vi:Ngôi Nhà Không Người]]