{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00396; 00400
|image         = Archon Quest C0A3 Ending Note.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = III
|act           = Song of the Dragon and Freedom
|part          = 8
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|prev          = When the Wind Dies Down
|next          = Rite of Descension
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*375;Primogem*30;Mora*11,325;Memory of Roving Gales*1;Adventurer's Experience*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*2
|characters    = Barbara;Jean;Paimon;Signora;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|3|part=8}}

==Steps==
# Meet [[Jean]] and [[Venti]] at the [[Favonius Cathedral|Cathedral]]
# Talk to Barbara
# Find Venti at [[Windrise]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest will grant the {{Achievement|Song of the Dragon and Freedom (Achievement)}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Amber]] says that Jean is waiting for you at the Cathedral. Apparently, it's something to do with the Holy Lyre der Himmel...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(At the Cathedral)
:{{A|vo mdaq072 2 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' This is Barbara, the Deaconess of the [[Church of Favonius|Church]]. She is here to retrieve the Holy Lyre der Himmel.
:{{A|vo mdaq072 2 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' May the [[Anemo Archon]] protect you.
:{{A|vo mdaq072 2 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I'm not really in a position to speak compared to our Acting Grand Master...
:{{A|vo mdaq072 2 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But I still want to thank you all on behalf of all of Mondstadt for your assistance!
:{{A|vo mdaq072 2 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Fortunately, everything was resolved peacefully... I can't imagine how an all-out war between the military and the dragon would have ended...
:{{A|vo mdaq072 2 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Now the [[Fatui]] have no choice but to keep their mouths shut.
:{{A|vo mdaq072 2 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' They must be annoyed that things didn't turn out as planned for them.
:{{A|vo mdaq072 2 qin 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' This time, they even lost their best excuse to pressure the Knights of Favonius.
:{{A|vo mdaq072 2 qin 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Diplomatically speaking, they gained nothing, and on the contrary simply proved just how vexatious they can be.
:{{A|vo mdaq072 2 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Sounds like quite the story. So, did you bring the Holy Lyre with you?
:{{A|vo mdaq072 2 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' We cannot ask you to keep defending the lyre forever. The [[Cardinal Calvin|Seneschal]] has been pressing me for a while now...
:{{A|vo mdaq072 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We ahh... did bring it with us... Ummm... It's just... it's a little...
:{{A|vo mdaq072 2 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, don't worry! I'm not here to collect rent! The Church has always received special funding...
----
;(A cinematic plays)
:{{Cutscene Description|The sight of the badly damaged Holy Lyre causes the pious Barbara to panic. Venti sees no choice but to use a magical illusion to "fix" the lyre, and the rest of you quietly leave the Cathedral before Barbara has the chance to see through it. But just outside the Cathedral, [[Fatui Harbinger]] [[Signora]] appears, steals Venti's [[Gnosis]], knocks you unconscious, and hastily departs.}}
:;(The Traveler hands her the [[Damaged Holy Lyre der Himmel]]. The poor state of the instrument shocks her)
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Aah...
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh...
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Wow...
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' AAAAAARGH!!! THE HOLY LYRE!!!
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, Lord Barbatos... Even if I atoned for these sins for the rest of my life...
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' ...it would still not be enough!
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' *sigh* ...
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh, give it here...
:;(Venti repairs the lyre with his Anemo power)
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' How could this&mdash;
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' The Holy Lyre... But how?
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Let Paimon see!
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' No! No!
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I don't know how you managed to fix it, but you'll never touch the lyre again!
:;(Barbara storms off with the lyre)
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...We ahh... really should get going...
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That trick I used to "repair" the Holy Lyre...
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hehe, I mean the magic I used...
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...It isn't going to hold forever you know.
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!?
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You&mdash; Tone-Deaf Bard!!!
::{{A|vo mdaq073 3 cs paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Don't go!
:;(Venti runs out of the Church with the Traveler and Paimon following him. They are ambushed by two [[Fatui Pyro Agent]]s before a woman, their leader, creates a small ice storm that freezes Venti's legs in place and blows a frozen Paimon away, while the Traveler is subdued by the Pyro Agents)
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs signora 01.ogg}} '''???:''' At last, Mondstadt's rodent ruler in the flesh.
::{{Black Screen|''La Signora, The Fair Lady &mdash; The Eighth of the Eleven Fatui Harbingers''}}
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs signora 02.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Scurrying through the streets, looking for leftovers...
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs signora 03.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Mondstadt calls this a god?
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Resident rodent... beats invasive vermin&mdash;
:;(Signora slaps Venti)
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs signora 04.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Don't you dare speak back to me, insolent bard.
:;(Venti summons the wind and dispels some but not all the ice encasing his legs)
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs signora 05.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Absentee archon of Mondstadt...
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs signora 06.ogg}} '''Signora:''' How impotent you have become...
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That smirk you wear looks out of place.
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Did you steal it from your master's face?
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs signora 07.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Should have held your tongue.
:;(Signora forcefully grabs Venti's Gnosis from his chest)
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs signora 08.ogg}} '''Signora:''' So. This is a Gnosis?
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs signora 09.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Wouldn't be caught dead wearing this ugly thing in public.
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Beauty is a waste... when the beholder has no taste...
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Venti...
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs signora 10.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Well, we have what we came here for.
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs signora 11.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Come. Before our dear Favonian friends arrive.
::{{A|vo mdaq073 2 cs signora 12.ogg}} '''Signora:''' Leave nothing for them to find.
:;(Both the Traveler and Venti fall unconscious as the Fatui leave the scene)
:;(Cinematic ends)
----
:{{Black Screen|''After much time has passed...''}}
:{{A|vo mdaq076 3 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Ah! Honorary Knight, you're awake!
:{{DIcon}} Venti... is he alright?
::{{A|vo mdaq076 3 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Um... I wouldn't say he's "alright," exactly.
::{{A|vo mdaq076 3 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I found you lying unconscious outside the Cathedral, and used my elemental powers to heal you...
:{{DIcon}} What planet... are we on?
::{{A|vo mdaq076 3 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Planet?
::{{A|vo mdaq076 3 paimon 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo mdaq076 3 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Don't listen to {{MC|his|her|mc=1}} nonsense, Miss Barbara!
::{{A|vo mdaq076 3 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Ahh... Um, okay, well basically, I found you lying outside the Cathedral, unconscious, and used my elemental powers to heal you...
::{{A|vo mdaq076 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks you could still use a final splash of ice-cold water to the face.
:{{A|vo mdaq076 3 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' That bard awakened first, but strangely, my healing powers had almost no effect on him...
:{{A|vo mdaq076 3 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' This is the first time I've encountered such a patient. But he just said "it's completely normal," and then got up and left the Cathedral...
:{{A|vo mdaq076 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He left? Already? Where'd he go?
:{{A|vo mdaq076 3 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' {{color|bz|The [[Symbol of Mondstadt's Hero]]}}, that's what he said.
:{{A|vo mdaq076 3 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I wanted to stop him, but Jean&mdash; I mean, Master Jean said to let him leave. How strange.
:{{DIcon}} (I think I understand...)
:{{DIcon}} (I think Jean understands...)
:{{A|vo mdaq076 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers Venti healing under {{Color|buzzword|that tree}} before...
:{{A|vo mdaq076 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (It's probably due to the connection between Windrise and the Anemo Archon. Master Jean has figured it out as well, but we can't tell Barbara...)

;(Talk to Barbara again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq076 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' The Fatui were the ones who attacked you? That's too much...
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq076 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Master Jean has already returned to the Knights Headquarters. She said that she will look for evidence.
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq076 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But she also said that if no traces were left behind, the Knights might find it difficult to lodge a complaint against the culprit.

----
;(Talk to Venti at Windrise)
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The wind amongst the branches is good, I love the way it smells...
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, I said the exact same thing the last time. *sigh* Why do I only say these things when I'm down on my luck?
:{{DIcon}} So... what is a Gnosis?
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ah, so you noticed.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' *sigh* This isn't something I'm meant to discuss with ordinary people. But I suppose I can let you in on the secret.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' As you know, [[Vision]]s are external magical foci that only a small minority of people possess. They use these Visions to channel elemental power.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' In truth, every wielder of a Vision is one who can attain godhood and ascend to [[Celestia]]. We call such people allogenes.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Allogenes? Paimon's never heard of them before.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hehe, that's because this is a secret that only archons are privy to. We don't need primitive tools like Visions.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Instead, each archon has an internal magical focus that resonates directly with Celestia itself... known as a Gnosis.
:{{DIcon}} What about the thing hanging off your hip?
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Eh-he. It's just a glowing glass ball I carry around to avoid suspicion.
:{{DIcon}} Huh...
:{{DIcon}} I feel cheated... but I guess I'm used to that by now.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So who was that nasty woman who sent Paimon flying and stole your Gnosis?
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Her name is Signora, No. 8 of the harbingers.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' She and the rest of the harbingers have been given god-like executive authority by the Tsaritsa of Snezhnaya, and with it, strength surpassing that of other mortals.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Tsaritsa of Snezhnaya? Isn't that...
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Indeed. She is one of The Seven, the Tsaritsa who reigns from the [[Zapolyarny Palace]], and the one person that the Fatui Harbingers all answer to.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 13.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The Seven don't always get along well, but still &mdash; I never thought that she would plot to steal another archon's Gnosis...
:{{DIcon}} What sort of god is the Tsaritsa?
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 14.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ah... How should I put this?
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 15.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Five hundred years ago, I knew her well. But I can't say the same is true now.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 16.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You see, a certain catastrophe happened five hundred years ago, and after that, she cut off all ties with me.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 17.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But we can save discussion of the Cryo Archon and the Fatui for another day.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 18.ogg}} '''Venti:''' {{Traveler}}, if you seek the rest of The Seven, many difficulties lie ahead of you still.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 19.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You should head for Mondstadt's neighboring nation of [[Liyue]]. The [[Geo Archon]] who reigns there, unlike me, administrates his entire region personally.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 20.ogg}} '''Venti:''' He only descends once every year to give his divine predictions, which set the direction for Liyue for the rest of that year.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even so, it sounds like he works much harder than a certain someone.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 21.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Eh-he?
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 22.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...In any case, this year's Rite of Descension is soon to begin. If you miss it, you'll just have to wait another year.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' WHAT!? Why didn't you tell us before? Well then bye. {{Traveler}}, we're going!
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 23.ogg}} '''Venti:''' One moment, Windborne Outlander.
:{{DIcon}} You mean me?
::{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 24a.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Yup.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry for borrowing the statue's Anemo power without asking...
::{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 24b.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, just use it gratefully &mdash; or, better yet, treat me to a glass of dandelion wine.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 25.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Traveler, as you set off on your journey once again, you must remember that the journey itself has meaning.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 26.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The birds of Teyvat, the songs and the cities, the Tsaritsa, her Fatui and the monsters... they are all part of your journey.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 27.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The destination is not everything. So before you reach the end, keep your eyes open. Use the chance to take in the world around you...
:{{DIcon}} Venti...
:{{DIcon}} I understand.
:{{A|vo mdaq077 4 venti 28.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Great. So that's that for the Anemo Archon's admonishments! Back to Venti Time!

;(Chat with Venti before continuing your journey)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' If you want to chat, now's the time &mdash; a bard stays not always in a single clime.
:{{DIcon}} About Dvalin...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02a 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Up till the end, Dvalin remembered his duty as one of the Four Winds.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02a 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' As such, I don't intend to forcibly strip him of that duty and force my ideals of freedom onto him.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02a 3.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I just hope that Dvalin will be able to choose for himself and understand what freedom is.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02a 4.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Before I became an archon, I too was taught the meaning of freedom in this way by a friend.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About the Abyss Order...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02b 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Kaeya shared some new intelligence, you say?
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02b 2a.ogg}} {{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02b 2b.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...I see. So, the Abyss Order has a {{MC|m=Princess|f=Prince}} who orchestrated the plan to corrupt Dvalin?
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02b 3a.ogg}} {{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02b 3b.ogg}} '''Venti:''' They were probably trying to turn Dvalin into a weapon of war for the Abyss. But that said, I have never heard of any such {{MC|m=Princess|f=Prince}} of the Abyss Order.
::{{DIcon}} Not an Abyss Order tradition, then.
::{{DIcon}} So this is a recent development...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02b 4.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I think so, too...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02b 5a.ogg}} {{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02b 5b.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Apparently, but how does a {{MC|m=Princess|f=Prince}} come out of nowhere and take command over the entire Abyss Order?
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About Signora...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 paimon 02c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That Fatui lady didn't hang around, did she? She just grabbed your Gnosis and left!
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02c 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' She wanted to avoid any eyewitnesses from the Knights of Favonius.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02c 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The slightest slip-up here would have destroyed the Fatui's diplomatic relations with the Knights.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 paimon 02c 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So they're just gonna keep acting like Mondstadt's allies as if nothing happened!?
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02c 3.ogg}} '''Venti:''' *sigh*... If only the seven nations had banded together against the Abyss Order in the first place.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02c 4.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The Fatui possess the strongest military among the seven nations. Yet they've used it to steal the Holy Lyre, covet the power of gods, and use Dvalin as a bargaining chip against the Knights...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 paimon 02c 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Speaking of the Lyre... didn't Diluc say something like this before?
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 paimon 02c 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He said that the Fatui can only run amok across the seven nations and threaten the Knights because of the harbingers.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02c 5.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Yes. As I said earlier, the Cryo Archon has given them authority and strength beyond that of other mortals.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02c 6.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The Tsaritsa... I haven't seen her in five hundred years. What is she thinking? What's her plan?
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02c 7.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Whatever the answer is, I have a feeling it's only going to make your search for The Seven all the more difficult...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About deities...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02d 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' As I said before, Vision wielders are known as allogenes and may ascend to Celestia.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02d 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' A Gnosis is a higher-order nexus of elemental manipulation and is emblematic of an archon's status as one of The Seven.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02d 3a.ogg}} {{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02d 3b.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But as for which of The Seven took your {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}}... I'm sorry, I don't know.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02d 4.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...Wait, as one of the Seven, I'm not clear of suspicion yet either, am I?
::{{DIcon}} You don't look like that god at all.
:::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 paimon 02d 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hang on a hot second! Tone-Deaf Bard is just one of Barbatos' many incarnations, who's to say&mdash;
:::{{DIcon}} We've known you long enough to trust you.
::{{DIcon}} We've known you long enough to trust you.
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02d 5a.ogg}} {{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02d 5b.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, we're a great team indeed! Say, once you find your {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}}, how would you like to become one of the new Four Winds?
::{{DIcon}} Perhaps...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 paimon 02d 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, you don't seem too into it, {{Traveler}}...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 paimon 02d 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Tone-Deaf Bard... If being one of the Four Winds means free food, you can consider Paimon!
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02d 6.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hahaha...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} There's nothing else...
::{{A|vo dialog mdaq077 venti 02e 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Well then, best be off to {{Color|buzzword|Liyue}}. If the descension ritual you fail to tally, then another year you must dally.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* When the Traveler stops the Fatui Pyro Agents from attacking Venti, they use Anemo power to do so even if they are not aligned with Anemo, as indicated by the colors on their outfit.
* In the original Chinese version of Signora's introductory line, she says {{Lang|"Well, well... In the end, we still had to retrieve the house hamster."|zh=哎呀，最后还是把家里的仓鼠找回来了啊。}} Venti's retort, in turn, was {{Lang|"What you describe is not a hamster, but a rat..."|zh=你说的不是仓鼠，是老鼠&mdash;&mdash;}}. While it is less insulting towards the Fatui as a whole than his English line, it nonetheless insults Signora by suggesting she couldn't distinguish rats from hamsters and thus misattributed the connotations associated with rats.
* In Gnosticism, {{w|Allogenes}} is a half-human, half-divine figure who, in some stories, becomes fully divine.
* When Venti explains the Harbingers' strength, the term "executive authority" is a translation of {{zh|{{wt|權柄|权柄|Chinese}}|rm=quánbǐng}}. This word is almost exclusively used to translate the Biblical New Testament's Ancient Greek word ''{{w|exousia}}'', which itself is typically rendered in English as "power" or "authority." The exact meaning of ''exousia'' is unclear, but it is generally taken to mean having the power to be in a position over others.
* When Venti calls the Traveler "Windborne Outlander," the original Chinese term is {{Zh|「捕风的异乡人」|rm=Bǔfēng de Yìxiāngrén|tl=the Foreigner Who Caught the Wind}}, identical to Act I's title ''[[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]]''.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ending Note
|zhs     = 尾声的尾声
|zhs_rm  = Wěishēng de Wěishēng
|zht     = 尾聲的尾聲
|zht_rm  = Wěishēng de Wěishēng
|zh_tl   = The End of the End
|ja      = 最後の最後
|ja_rm   = Saigo no Saigo
|ja_tl   = The End of the End
|ko      = 결말의 결말
|ko_rm   = Gyeolmal-ui Gyeolmal
|ko_tl   = The End of the End
|es      = Epílogo del epílogo
|es_tl   = Epilogue of the Epilogue
|fr      = Épilogue
|fr_tl   = Epilogue
|ru      = Эпилог эпилога
|ru_tl   = Epilogue of the Epilogue
|th      = จุดสิ้นสุดของจุดจบ
|th_rm   = Chut Sinsut Khong Chutchop
|th_tl   = The End of the End
|vi      = Cái Kết Cuối Cùng
|vi_tl   = The Final Ending
|de      = Das Ende vom Ende
|de_tl   = The End of the End
|id      = Catatan Akhir
|id_tl   = Ending Note
|pt      = Epílogo
|pt_tl   = Epilogue
|tr      = Final
|tr_tl   = Finale
|it      = L'epilogo
|it_tl   = The Epilogue
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[es:Epílogo del epílogo]]
[[ja:最後の最後]]
[[pt-br:Epílogo]]
[[vi:Cái Kết Cuối Cùng]]