{{Event
|name              = Pre-Registration for the "Endless Adventure in Teyvat" Themed Exhibition Now Open! Take Part to Win Event-Exclusive Merchandise!
|image             = Pre-Registration for the Endless Adventure in Teyvat Themed Exhibition Now Open Take Part to Win Event-Exclusive Merchandise.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-12-21 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-01-03 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/14500943
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>The online pre-registration for the first art exhibition of Genshin Impact game content: "Endless Adventure in Teyvat" is now open!<br>In this exhibition, visitors will be able to discover the culture and landscapes of the four nations from the Traveler's point of view as well as meet fellow Travelers with different personalities! I've even heard concept art of landscapes and character design drafts will be on display!<br>
[https://hoyo.link/c7EhBBAd Head over to the event page to pre-register now! >>>]<br>
Pre-register now for a chance to win a set of exhibition-exclusive postcards prepared by yours truly!}}
'''Pre-Registration for the "Endless Adventure in Teyvat" Themed Exhibition Now Open! Take Part to Win Event-Exclusive Merchandise!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.3]].

==How to Participate==
Post a screenshot of your successful pre-registration under the topic #AventureSansFinEnTeyvat and tell us what you're looking forward to seeing at the exhibition, and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Event Duration==
December 22, 2022 – December 28, 2022 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on December 30.

==Event Rewards==
We will randomly select 50 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to give them a set of exhibition-exclusive postcards. Winners can collect their reward on site by presenting their participating account ID.

==Notes==
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings: https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: comments with content that violates our Community Rules, comments that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself) or creating a new post (instead of commenting on this post), comments with no relation to Genshin Impact and the event, comments that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}