{{Event Tabs|rootpage=Endless Adventure in Teyvat/2023-08-28|story=0}}
{{Event
|name              = "Ride the Waves to a Rendezvous in Fontaine" Endless Adventure in Teyvat: Fontaine Edition Online Art Exhibition
|image             = Ride the Waves to a Rendezvous in Fontaine.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-08-28 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-09-10 03:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/21225762
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20230827exhibition/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Dear Traveler,<br>Fontaine's little-known secrets are being revealed! The Fontaine Expo's new map is now available~<br>P.S. See if you can find the hidden puzzles within the web page!}}
'''"Ride the Waves to a Rendezvous in Fontaine" Endless Adventure in Teyvat: Fontaine Edition Online Art Exhibition''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.0]].

==Event Duration==
Browse exhibition content to unlock pieces of the puzzle between August 28 – September 10, 23:59 (UTC+8). 

Browse exhibition content such as content related to character, scenery, and monster concepts to receive random pieces of the puzzle.

Each piece of the puzzle gives you one prize draw opportunity. Each person can get a maximum of 5 pieces/5 prize draw opportunities.

Prizes include: Primogems ×30, Fontaine Art Exhibition Merchandise Bundles, iPhone 14 Pro, etc. Please note, each participant may only receive a prize of each type once.

After this time, you will still be able to browse the web page content, but you won't be able to continue participating in this event or claim related event prizes.

==Physical Prize Details==
In order to provide third-party logistics services for the shipment of your prizes, we will be collecting and using personal information such as your address and contact information. The aforementioned personal information will only be used by us and the third-party shipment service provider. We will not provide any personal information to other third parties without your prior consent.

If you win a physical prize, please enter your shipping address before September 10, 23:59 (UTC+8). Please note that you will be unable to change your shipping address once you have confirmed it.

Please fill in your personal information accurately. If the issuance of prizes fails due to incorrect information, the official Genshin Impact team will not re-issue the prizes.

The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.

Winners are responsible for their own tax obligations in accordance with the personal income tax policies of their country or region. The actual amount is subject to change, please refer to the laws and regulations and tax policies of your country or region.

You can visit the game's official website for more information on our Privacy Policy. All personal data will be collected and used in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>This event is hosted by HoYoverse. References to third-party organizations are for informational and identification purposes only, and are not intended to imply endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation with HoYoverse or the event.
<nowiki>*</nowiki>The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
<nowiki>*</nowiki>This web event is provided purely for entertainment. It is not indicative of any related gameplay features in Genshin Impact.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ride the Waves to a Rendezvous in Fontaine
|zhs     = 踏浪寻影・聚首枫丹
|zhs_rm  = Tàlàng Xúnyǐng - Jùshǒu Fēngdān
|zht     = 踏浪尋影・聚首楓丹
|zht_rm  = Tàlàng Xúnyǐng - Jùshǒu Fēngdān
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 影を尋ねて波を踏む また、フォンテーヌで
|ja_rm   = Kage wo Tazunete Nami wo Fumu　Mata, Fonteenu de
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 파도 너머, 폰타인에서<->의 만남
|ko_tl   = Over the Waves, An Encounter in Fontaine
|es      = Búsqueda entre las olas - Encuentro en Fontaine
|es_tl   = Search Among the Waves - Encounter in Fontaine
|fr      = Sur les flots pour un rendez-vous à Fontaine
|fr_tl   = Upon the Waves for a Rendezvous in Fontaine
|ru      = Верхом на волнах на встречу в Фонтейне
|ru_tl   = Upon the Waves to an Encounter in Fontaine
|th      = ข้ามคลื่นตามหาเงา พบกันที่ Fontaine
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đạp Sóng Tìm Ảnh, Hội Tụ Fontaine
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Begib dich über die Wellen auf ein Rendezvous in Fontaine
|de_tl   = Head Over the Waves to a Rendezvous in Fontaine
|id      = Pencarian Mengarungi Ombak - Pertemuan di Fontaine
|id_tl   = A Search Through the Waves - Meeting in Fontaine
|pt      = A Busca pelas Ondas - O Encontro em Fontaine
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Dalgaların Üzerinde - Fontaine'de Buluşma
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ombre tra le onde: Incontro a Fontaine
|it_tl   = Shadows Among the Waves: Meeting in Fontaine
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

[[ja:テイワットでの果てなき冒険の旅/4.0]]
[[pt-br:A Busca pelas Ondas - O Encontro em Fontaine]]