{{Event
|name              = Endless Journey - Of Cherished Memories and a New Voyage: Travelers' Stories
|image             = Endless Journey.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-09-16 20:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-09-28 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/177
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20220919anniversary/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Another world, seven nations, all life<br>The story of Genshin Impact begins with a journey<br>For the past two years, countless Travelers have had memorable adventures in Teyvat.<br>On this special occasion, we invite you to relive these unforgettable travel memories together.<br>Let's remember the past to move forward into the future!<br>Share your Genshin Impact memories and stories!}}
'''Endless Journey - Of Cherished Memories and a New Voyage: Travelers' Stories''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.0]]. It is a part of the [[Two Year Anniversary Community Event]]s.

==Web Event==
Web Event Duration: September 19, 2022 11:00 – September 28, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)

# During the event, log into the [https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20220919anniversary/index.html web page] using your HoYoverse Account. (Supported third-party platform accounts: Google account, Apple ID, Twitter, Facebook account) Share the web page or share player stories to get an opportunity to enter the prize draw. Prizes include 1 million sets of Mora ×20,000, 20,000 sets of Primogems ×30, 2 sets of iPad Wi-Fi (64 GB), 30 sets of Genshin Impact plushies, 40 sets of Genshin Impact badges, 40 sets of Genshin Impact stands, and 30 sets of Genshin Impact mouse mats.
# During the event, you can participate in the draw once a day. Share the page or player stories for a prize draw opportunity. During the event, you can enter the draw a maximum of 3 times.
# Travelers who have won in-game items can use the Redemption Code obtained on the web page and use it to make in-game redemptions. Redemptions are valid until October 13, 2022 00:00 (UTC+8). Failure to redeem the rewards in time will be deemed to be a forfeiture of the reward.
# Travelers who have won a physical prize, please provide your details in "Reward History" on this page after September 30 to receive your reward. You can also check HoYoLAB's forum message on September 30 to get the prize information. If winning Travelers do not complete the form by 00:00 (UTC+8) on October 13, 2022, the reward will be considered forfeited. In order to provide third-party logistics services for the shipment of your prizes, we will be collecting and using personal information such as your address and contact information. The aforementioned personal information will only be used by us and the third-party shipment service provider. We will not disclose any personal information to other third parties without your prior consent.
# During the event, the information collected from Travelers by the Genshin Impact team will only be used for identification and notification purposes, and will not be used for other purposes. The Genshin Impact team will comply with the relevant laws and regulations on personal data protection and will properly and safely use and manage the aforementioned personal information.
# You can visit the game's official website for more information on our Privacy Policy. All personal data will be collected and used in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy.
# If you have any questions about this web event, please contact us via email at genshin_cs@hoyoverse.com.
# This event is hosted by HoYoverse. References to third party organizations are for informational and identification purposes only, and are not intended to imply endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation with HoYoverse or the event.
# This event is not associated with Apple Inc.
# Travelers can click and visit HoYoLAB > #EndlessJourney topic page for more information regarding the event.

==Submission Event==
===Event Duration===
* Submission Period: September 16, 2022 22:00:00 – September 28, 2022 23:59:59 (UTC+8)
* Voting Period: September 29, 2022 00:00:00 – October 11, 2022 23:59:59 (UTC+8)
* Judging Period: October 12, 2022 00:00:00 – October 23, 2022 23:59:59 (UTC+8)
* Results Announcement Period: October 24, 2022 00:00:00 – October 30, 2022 23:59:59 (UTC+8)

===How to Participate===
* Travelers are invited to submit entries during the submission period. Submit your post together with the topic #EndlessJourney and share your stories and memories with Genshin Impact over the past two years.
* Content and Number of Posts: There is no limit to the style and form of narration (including but not limited to images, text, game diaries, etc.). The stories related to Genshin Impact can be from the game or from Travelers' real-life experiences. There is no limit to the number of submissions per Traveler.
* Submission Method: Travelers should submit their entries to this event page. We encourage you to use the "Endless Journey" themed Game Diary on the HoYoLAB App event page, but feel free to submit your entries in any other form (image + text, images, etc.).
* Only entries submitted through this event page will be considered eligible. Entries submitted in any other way or without the topic #EndlessJourney will not be considered for the event.

===Event Rewards===
* First Prize (3 Winners): Primogems ×3,000 + Sony PlayStation®5 Console ×1
** Among the story entries that meet the requirements, 3 outstanding entries will be selected, and their respective authors will receive Primogems ×3,000 and a Sony PlayStation®5 Console.
* Second Prize (8 Winners): Primogems ×2,000 + iPad 64 GB ×1
** Among the story entries that meet the requirements, 8 outstanding entries will be selected, and their respective authors will receive Primogems ×2,000 and an Apple iPad 64 GB.
* Third Prize (20 Winners): Primogems ×1,000 + "Spark Knight" Klee Figure ×1
** Among the story entries that meet the requirements, 20 outstanding entries will be selected, and their respective authors will receive Primogems ×1,000 and a "Spark Knight" Klee Figure.
* Popularity Prize (30 Winners): Paimon Blind Box (Full Set of 6) ×1
** Among the story entries that meet the requirements, the top 30 most popular entries during the voting period will be selected, and their respective authors will receive a set of Paimon Blind Boxes (6 in a set).
* Popularity voting will be open on this event page from September 29, 2022 00:00:00 (UTC+8) to October 11, 2022 23:59:59 (UTC+8)

===Judging Rules===
* During the judging period, the organizer will conduct a comprehensive selection of all the story works that meet the requirements of the event. These works will be judged based on their narrativity, expressiveness, content layout, and degree of completion, and awarded first, second and third prizes.

===Event Rules===
# Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# Plagiarism, misappropriation of others' works, and infringement of others' intellectual property rights are strictly prohibited.
# Any submissions that violate laws and regulations, violate HoYoLAB's Community Rules, contain malicious smear content, exaggerations, and defamatory portrayals of game content are prohibited. If such content is found in your submission, it will be dealt with strictly according to the community rules. Go to the following website to view HoYoLAB's Community Rules: https://www.hoyolab.com/article/928383.
# Please make sure to participate in the event in accordance with the prescribed participation method and strictly abide by the rules. If Travelers fail to participate in the activity in accordance with the prescribed participation method, or fails to comply with the event rules, they will be disqualified from obtaining prizes.

===Work Showcase===
* High-quality stories with pictures will be displayed on the "Endless Journey - Of Cherished Memories and a New Voyage" page.
** To better present the works, Travelers are advised to use 1:1 scale images when submitting their contributions (e.g.: 500 x 500 image).

===Right of Attribution===
# You acknowledge and agree that your submissions on this event page will be viewed as non-classified and non-exclusive. You acknowledge that you unconditionally authorize the organizer with global, fully paid, royalty-free, permanent, transferable, sublicensable, and unlimited rights and authorization to use, reproduce, modify, publish, translate, create derivative works, rearrange, distribute, produce, sell, license, sublicense, transfer ownership, rent, lease, transmit, communicate, publicly display, publicly perform, provide access to your submissions in part or in whole, in any media, format, and form now or hereafter known. You are aware that, for any reason, you are not entitled to any compensation, expense, consideration or other remuneration for the exercise of your rights granted to us in this section, for your submissions.
# The organizer may use your submitted works in any way during or after the event, including but not limited to possible adaptations and compilations to a certain extent, and public releases on online platforms or offline to showcase your submitted works. These rights are independent of the final evaluation results of the event (i.e., whether you receive an award or not).
# Without prior written consent from the event organizer, you may not use the submitted works for commercial purposes during or after the event (including but not limited to authorizing any other third party for commercial use).
# You acknowledge and agree that select Traveler Stories may be used during or after the event in the form of online and offline advertising for Genshin Impact while protecting Travelers' personal information. The full nickname used by the Traveler when the story was published will be displayed in such promotional activities. By participating in the event, you agree to our access to and use of your nickname information during and after the event.

===Notes===
# When sharing story works, Travelers should pay attention to protect your personal information and never share content that contains personal information about you or third parties.
# The list of winners will be announced uniformly on this event page before October 24, 2022, 00:00:00 (UTC+8). Winners will be notified via system messages before November 1, 2022 23:59:59 (UTC+8) after the result announcement, so please pay attention to these messages.
# Winners of physical prizes must provide their delivery address and contact information within 10 business days of notification, or they will be deemed to have forfeited their rewards. To provide third-party logistics services for the shipment of your prizes, we will be collecting and using personal information such as your address and contact information. The aforementioned personal information will only be used by us and the third-party shipment service provider. We will not disclose any personal information to other third parties without your prior consent. Physical prizes will be sent within 90 natural days after you submit your recipient address and contact information as required.
#* Delivery times for physical prizes may be affected by the prevailing COVID-19 situation. Thank you for your understanding.
# For the distribution of event rewards, Travelers who have obtained Primogem rewards should go to My Information > Information Management > Genshin Impact in HoYoLAB to fill in your Genshin Impact UID before October 30, 2022 23:59:59 (UTC+8). If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID or filled in the incorrect UID after the deadline, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# After the list of winners is announced, if Travelers have any objection to the prize-winning works, they can provide feedback through the customer support email or in-game customer support. If the winning entry is found to be in violation of the event rules, we will revoke the prize and this user's account will be permanently banned from participating in any future official community events.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred. The organizer shall not be held liable if the winner is unable to receive the prizes for reasons caused by third parties (including but not limited to customs clearance, logistics, warehousing, etc.).
# You acknowledge and agree that the organizer may replace the physical prize with a substitute of equal value if prizes cannot be distributed due to inventory, logistics, or other factors beyond the organizer's control.
# By participating in this event, you authorize HoYoverse to publish your submitted works on online or offline platforms, and adapt and compile them in any way. Whether you receive a prize does not affect the rights granted to, owned, and exercised by the organizer, HoYoverse, as described above. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact Customer Service.
# By participating in this event, you are deemed to have understood and agreed to all content on this page, including but not limited to: Judging Rules, Event Rules, Right of Attribution, and Notes, etc.
# This event is not associated with Apple Inc.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Endless Journey - Of Cherished Memories and a New Voyage: Travelers' Stories
|zhs     = 无尽之旅-绮忆待新航，旅行者的故事
|zhs_rm  = Wújìn zhī Lǚ - Qǐyì Dài Xīnháng, Lǚxíng-zhě de Gùshì
|zht     = 無盡之旅-綺憶待新航，旅行者的故事
|zht_rm  = Wújìn zhī Lǚ - Qǐyì Dài Xīnháng, Lǚxíng-zhě de Gùshì
|zh_tl   = Endless Journey - Beautiful Memories Await a New Voyage, the Traveler's Story
|ja      = 果てなき旅-追憶は新たな船出を待つ、旅人の物語
|ja_rm   = Hate Naki Tabi - Tsuioku wa Arata-na Funade wo Matsu, Tabibito no Monogatari
|ja_tl   = Endless Journey - Recollectons Await a New Voyage, the Traveler's Story
|ko      = 끝없는 여정-소중한 추억과 새로운 시작, 여행자의 이야기
|ko_rm   = Kkeudeomneun Yeojeong - Sojunghan Chueokkkwa Saeroun Sijak, Yeohaengja-ui Iyagi
|ko_tl   = Endless Journey - Cherished Memories and a New Start, Travelers' Stories
|es      = Viaje sin límites - Reminiscencia a la espera de un nuevo viaje: Historias de los viajeros
|es_tl   = Voyage Without Limits - Reminiscence Waiting For a New Voyage: Stories of the Travelers
|fr      = Voyage sans fin - Souvenirs à la veille d'un nouveau départ : Anecdotes des voyageurs
|fr_tl   = Endless Journey - Memories at the Eve of a New Start: The Travelers' Anecdotes
|ru      = Бесконечное путешествие - О заветных воспоминаниях и новых дорогах: Истории Путешественников
|ru_tl   = Endless Journey - Of Cherished Memories and New Paths: Travelers' Stories
|th      = Endless Journey - ถักทอความทรงจำในการเดินทางครั้งใหม่: เรื่องราวของนักเดินทาง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Endless Journey - Hồi Ức Quý Giá Và Hành Trình Mới, Câu Chuyện Của Nhà Lữ Hành
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Endlose Reise – Warten auf neue Abenteuer, Geschichte der Reisenden
|de_tl   = Endless Journey - Waiting for New Adventure, Story of the Travelers
|id      = Endless Journey &mdash; Kenangan Indah Menantikan Perjalanan Baru: Cerita Traveler
|id_tl   = Endless Journey &mdash; Good Memories Awaiting For New Journey: Travelers' Story
|pt      = A Jornada Sem Limites - Lembranças à Espera de uma Nova Viagem, história do Viajante
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[pt-br:A Jornada Sem Limites]]