{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71810
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = 
* Complete the {{Quest|A New Star Approaches}}
* Complete the {{Quest|And This Treasure Goes To...}}
|next          = [[In Another Land]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Mora*20,000;Teachings of Prosperity*5;Teachings of Diligence*5;Teachings of Gold*5
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 184
|characters    = Alrani; Traveler
}}
'''''Endless Research''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Liyue Harbor]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Alrani]]
# Defeat all the hilichurls
# Speak to Alrani
# Use [[Elemental Sight]] to find the slimes
# Defeat all the slimes
# Speak to Alrani

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You meet [[Alrani]], whom you once saved from a cage, in [[Liyue Harbor]]. She still seems to want to investigate something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Alrani:''' Ugh. How am I supposed to write my thesis like this? What should I do...
:{{DIcon}} Are you okay?
:'''Alrani:''' I&mdash; What? Oh! It's you! Do you still remember me?
:'''Alrani:''' I was that, uh, person you found in a Treasure Hoarder cage down in Lingju Pass. Heh, in any case, thank you for saving me.
:{{DIcon}} What brings you here?
:'''Alrani:''' Well, uh, after being rescued by you, I went to look for [[Soraya]] at [[Wangshu Inn]]. By a stroke of luck, I was able to find her.
:'''Alrani:''' Soraya's a really good person &mdash; not only did she treat me to a meal, but she also helped re-organize my notes.
:'''Alrani:''' But... she told me afterward that the topic that I'd chosen has already been the subject of many prior theses at the [[Sumeru Akademiya|Akademiya]].
:'''Alrani:''' Unless I were to write an exceptional thesis, there's no way that I'll pass... She advised me to change angles &mdash; for example, I could write about something related to the elements.
:'''Alrani:''' But since I don't have a Vision and can't use the elements, I have no idea where to begin...
:'''Alrani:''' So there was nothing for it but to come to the city to try my luck and see if I could find any material here.
:'''Alrani:''' Wait... When you saved me back then, you fought in a very unique manner...
:'''Alrani:''' Do you have a Vision, by any chance?
:{{DIcon}} No, I don't.
:'''Alrani:''' Huh? You can fight in that manner without possessing a Vision? How can that be?
:'''Alrani:''' No, never mind. It's a very long story, no doubt... Either way, I have something to ask of you.
:'''Alrani:''' Could you demonstrate your manner of fighting to me? Perhaps I might discern something that can be used to refine my thesis...
:'''Alrani:''' Please help me out! If I don't finish this thesis, I'll be dead meat when I return to the Akademiya...
:{{DIcon}} Alright, sure...
::'''Alrani:''' Thank you so much! Let's go outside, then.
:{{DIcon}} Is the Akademiya that scary a place?
::'''Alrani:''' Oh, it's a very, very frightening place. I wake up sobbing every time I dream of it.
::'''Alrani:''' I'd rather stay in that Treasure Hoarder cage than have to do another draft or thesis defense.
::'''Alrani:''' Alright, that's enough about the Akademiya...
:'''Alrani:''' I recall noticing a group of hilichurls around these parts. Show me your fighting style, using them as your target!

----

;(After defeating the hilichurls)
:'''Alrani:''' Wow... Your fighting style really is quite unique.
:'''Alrani:''' By the way, I've also heard that Vision wielders can sense the presence of elements. I believe it's known as Elemental Sight...
:'''Alrani:''' Though you don't have a Vision, I've seen you manipulate elemental energy &mdash; so you should have this ability, right?
:'''Alrani:''' I happened upon a few slimes nearby, so could you demonstrate Elemental Sight? You can use it to find those slimes.

----

;(After using Elemental Sight)
:'''Alrani:''' Huh, you've used Elemental Sight already?
:'''Alrani:''' Are there elemental traces nearby? Strange... I don't sense anything.

;(After defeating the slimes)
:'''Alrani:''' Haha, from the perspective of someone without a Vision like myself, I didn't notice your use of Elemental Sight at all...
:'''Alrani:''' I suppose that might be something that only other Vision wielders can sense.
:'''Alrani:''' Still, thanks for demonstrating so many things to me.
:'''Alrani:''' *sigh* How I wish I had a Vision... Having an Electro Vision would be the best. Not only would it look cool, I could defend myself, too.
:'''Alrani:''' Hmm, no &mdash; Electro Vision would probably be the least attainable of all...
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure you can get one if you work hard.
:'''Alrani:''' No, it won't happen, no matter how hard I work&mdash;
:'''Alrani:''' Wait. Don't you know? It seems that nobody has obtained an Electro Vision for a whole year now.
:'''Alrani:''' I've heard that the Akademiya has been researching this matter for a while now, and they have concluded that the lack of Electro Visions granted to mortals is the will of the [[Ei|Electro Archon]].
:'''Alrani:''' I've also heard it said that [[Inazuma]]'s Electro Archon has proclaimed a "Vision Hunt Decree," which has aimed to confiscate the majority of all Visions from Vision wielders throughout Inazuma.
:'''Alrani:''' Those who disobey and withhold their Visions will be punished severely...
:'''Alrani:''' I once wanted to travel to Inazuma to write a thesis regarding this decree, but it really does seem dangerous over there...
:{{DIcon}} You'll be fine. You don't have a Vision.
:'''Alrani:''' H-Hey, don't say that! Just think about it, if people with Visions are already suffering, don't you think that those who go without would be even worse off?
:'''Alrani:''' I suppose I should just stay here in Liyue and finish my thesis in peace, then report back to the Akademiya in Sumeru with my findings as soon as possible. If I delay any longer, I won't hear the end of it...
:'''Alrani:''' Ah, right, I still have to thank you for showing me so many things. Take these as tokens of my appreciation.
:'''Alrani:''' I'll finish my thesis this time for sure!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/E1n3WkBKH3c
|caption1 = Endless Research Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Endless Research
|zhs     = 永无止境的研究
|zhs_rm  = Yǒngwúzhǐjìng de Yánjiū
|zht     = 永無止境的研究
|zht_rm  = Yǒngwúzhǐjìng de Yánjiù
|zh_tl   = Never-Ending Research
|ja      = 止まることのない研究
|ja_rm   = Tomaru Koto no Nai Kenkyuu
|ja_tl   = Endless Research
|ko      = 끝없는 연구
|ko_rm   = Kkeudeomneun Yeongu
|ko_tl   = Endless Research
|es      = La investigación interminable
|es_tl   = The Unending Investigation
|fr      = Recherches sans fin
|fr_tl   = Endless Research
|ru      = Бесконечное исследование
|ru_tl   = Endless Research
|th      = การวิจัยที่ไม่สิ้นสุด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nghiên cứu không ngừng nghỉ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unermüdliche Forschung
|de_tl   = Tireless Research
|id      = Penelitian Tiada Akhir
|id_tl   = Endless Research
|pt      = Pesquisa Sem Fim
|pt_tl   = Research Without End
|tr      = Sonu Gelmeyen Araştırma
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ricerche instancabili
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[es:La investigación interminable]]
[[ja:止まることのない研究]]