{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19137
|image         = Hangout Event Endless Smoke.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Ningguang
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Time Off!
|characters    = Andrei; Ekaterina; Nadia (Liyue)<!-- Hangout ending picture -->; Ningguang; Traveler; Vlad<!-- Hangout ending picture -->
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Endless Smoke''''' is a quest in {{Quest|The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest}}.

==Steps==
# Go to Northland Bank
# Leave the Northland Bank and talk to Ningguang
# Follow Ningguang and observe your surroundings
# Talk to Ningguang
# Follow Ningguang and observe your surroundings carefully again
# Talk to Ningguang
# Continue following Ningguang and observing your surroundings
# Talk to Ningguang
# Find the person following you
# Go back to Northland Bank for a confrontation

==Gameplay Notes==
* The correct suspicious person is blonde with blue eyes, wearing Snezhnayan clothing.
*Completing this quest grants the {{Achievement|Overprotectiveness}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Ningguang would like to relive the experiences she had when she was just starting out. She thus invites you to play a game of starting from the very bottom. When you mention the Northland Bank, she decides to let you have a look at how things are now.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to Northland Bank)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913701 ekaterina 01.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' Lady Ningguang...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913701 ekaterina 02.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' I would hope that you're not here to create further trouble for the Fatui?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913701 ekaterina 03.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' With all due respect, too much official pressure will risk driving our bank out of business.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913701 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' There is no need to be so hostile.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913701 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I'm just here to talk business. So, are you in business or not?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913701 ekaterina 04.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' That depends on the proposal. And it's not my decision alone.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913701 ekaterina 05.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' But first, tell me. Why should we believe that you really are here for business?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913701 ekaterina 06.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' Because if you're here to make us suffer huge losses like last time, then I'm sorry. But none of us here can afford that.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913701 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Straight to the point, I see. Works for me.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913701 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Traveler, we're leaving. Let's not waste any more of our time here.

;(Talk to Andrei)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913701 andrei 01.ogg}} '''Andrei:''' Lady Ningguang...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913701 andrei 02.ogg}} '''Andrei:''' Please go to the counter if there's something you need.

;(Talk to Ekaterina again)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913702 ekaterina 01.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' I have a lot on my plate right now. You can see yourselves out.
{{Dialogue End}}

===A Clumsy Cover-Up===
{{Quest Description|update|The reception at the Northland Bank is frosty. You and Ningguang can only leave. But right after you do, you immediately sense someone's eyes on you. Most curious...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Leave the Northland Bank and talk to Ningguang)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913702 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Do you see what I mean now? Their attitude was just as I expected.
:{{DIcon}} They were not even trying to hide their hostility towards you.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913702 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That's for sure. Although our diplomatic relations with Snezhnaya haven't broken down completely, I dealt them a rather ruthless blow with the size of the reparations payment I imposed.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913702 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This sum was paid by Northland Bank, so they are still wary of me to this day.
:{{DIcon}} So it is true. The Northland Bank is just an arm of the Fatui.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913702 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes. With some exceptions, but that is more or less correct.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913702 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If you encounter them in any other nations during your travels, be on your guard. They are more than just a commercial organization.
:{{DIcon}} Well, now I know... Does that make this trip worth it...?
:{{DIcon}} I guess I shouldn't have included this as an option...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913702 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That's okay. My intention here was to show you some of the repercussions of that great battle.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913702 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But that's quite enough politics for today. Let's get back to our fun little survival game.
:{{DIcon}} Wait a second.
:{{DIcon}} Can you sense it?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913702 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Now that you mention it... Yes. We're being watched.
:{{DIcon}} I think they've been following us since we left Northland Bank.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913702 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' What are they plotting this time?
:{{DIcon}} Let's grab them and ask the question.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913702 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Mm, my thoughts exactly. But we need to be discreet. If they realize we're onto them, we will lose the element of surprise.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913702 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Let's act natural, determine who our tail is, then lure them somewhere more deserted, so we can catch them.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913702 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Keep moving. Just walk forward at normal pace and don't do anything to give away that we suspect anything.
----
;(Follow Ningguang and observe your surroundings)

;(Talk to Ningguang)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913703 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Okay, I think we have a few potential suspects.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913703 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' There's a lot of foot traffic here, but if you look closely, you'll see only a handful of people have been watching us constantly.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913703 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But... I'm still not sure which of them is our tail...
:{{DIcon}} Let's keep going for now.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913703 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Agreed. Whoever it is will continue to follow us.
----
;(Follow Ningguang and observe your surroundings carefully again)

;(Talk to Ningguang)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913707 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I think we've narrowed it down a little further.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913707 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But let's stay calm until we're 100% sure.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913707 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It shouldn't take much longer.
----
;(Talk to a Suspicious Person during one of the "observe your surroundings" steps)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913704 suspiciouspersona 01.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' What's the big idea? I'm enjoying the view here.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913704 suspiciouspersona 02.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' Quit bothering me.
;(&minus;1 Heart)

;(Talk to a Suspicious Person during one of the "observe your surroundings" steps)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913705 suspiciouspersonb 01.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' Have you seen my Mora?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913705 suspiciouspersonb 02.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' Never mind. I'll keep looking.
;(&minus;1 Heart)

;(Talk to a Suspicious Person during one of the "observe your surroundings" steps)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913706 suspiciouspersonc 01.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' Shall I have noodles or rice tonight...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913706 suspiciouspersonc 02.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' Or maybe... what about both?
;(&minus;1 Heart)

;(Talk to a Suspicious Person during one of the "observe your surroundings" steps)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913708 suspiciouspersonb 01.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' Nope, it's not here either... *sigh*
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913708 suspiciouspersonb 02.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' I'm going to be in huge trouble when I get back home.
;(&minus;1 Heart)

;(Talk to a Suspicious Person during one of the "observe your surroundings" steps)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913709 suspiciouspersond 01.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' The words aren't coming. I need some inspiration.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913709 suspiciouspersond 02.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' Maybe a drink would help...
;(&minus;1 Heart)

;(Talk to a Suspicious Person during one of the "observe your surroundings" steps)
: {{A|vo ngcop001 1913710 suspiciouspersona 01.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' Huh? What're you doing?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913710 suspiciouspersona 02.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' Back off! Leave me alone.
;(&minus;1 Heart)

;(If all Hearts are exhausted)
:{{Black Screen|Hangout Event Ended}}
:You startled the person tailing you, causing them to flee. Observe your surroundings carefully and use non-conversational methods to ascertain your target.
----
;(Continue following Ningguang and observing your surroundings)

;(Talk to Ningguang)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913711 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I think I have the answer.
:{{DIcon}} Me too.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913711 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Let's get out of his line of sight and sneak up on him.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913711 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Don't get the wrong person, though, or all our efforts will have been for nothing.
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Snare===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Find the person following you)

;(If the player talks to the wrong person)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913712 suspiciouspersonb 01.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' What is it?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913712 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Mmm, wrong guy.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913712 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Ugh! He got away...
;(&minus;5 Hearts)

:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913713 suspiciouspersond 01.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' Hey. What is it?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913713 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Mmm, wrong guy.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913713 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Ugh! He got away...
;(&minus;5 Hearts)

;(If all Hearts are exhausted)
:{{Black Screen|Hangout Event Ended}}
:You chose the wrong person and startled the person tailing you, causing them to flee. Ningguang will have to come up with some other plan...

;(Talk to the right person)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 suspiciouspersona 01.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' Ah! What are you doing!?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Come now, did you really think we wouldn't notice you sneaking around?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 suspiciouspersona 02.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' What? I... I'm not doing anything.
:{{DIcon}} Come clean.
:{{DIcon}} There's no use trying to deny it.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I don't know what scheme Northland Bank has in the works, and I don't know what they're paying you.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But let's make a deal. How cooperative you are now decides how much immunity I give you when this gets investigated.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 suspiciouspersona 03.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' Uh... uh...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Or do you seriously think Northland Bank won't throw you to the wolves when push comes to shove?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Why don't you weigh the pros and cons and give me a clear answer before I retract my offer.
:{{DIcon}} (She is stern!)
:{{DIcon}} (She's not giving him a moment to breathe...)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 suspiciouspersona 04.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' S&mdash;Sorry, Lady Ningguang. My assignment was just to follow you, I promise. That's it...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 suspiciouspersona 05.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' When you showed up unannounced at Northland Bank, everyone was instantly on high alert. We figured you must be up to something, but your brief conversation left us none the wiser as to your intentions.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 suspiciouspersona 06.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' We couldn't just overlook it. We had to get to the bottom of it before we could put our minds at rest.
:{{DIcon}} Are they really this guarded against you?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I know they're wary of me, but this is still an overreaction, surely...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This all feels very suspicious. There must be more to this than he is letting on.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hmph, I only took you there to demonstrate how tense things are. Somehow we only tested the waters but ended up with the catch of the day.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Is there anyone else following us besides you?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 suspiciouspersona 07.ogg}} '''Suspicious Person:''' Yes. They would have seen this and reported back.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Then we need to get moving. The longer they have to react, the fewer clues they'll leave behind.
:{{DIcon}} Don't you need to prepare?
:{{DIcon}} Don't you need more evidence?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' No time. I'll just have to improvise.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913714 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Keep him with you. Do not let him slip away.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Confrontation===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go back to Northland Bank for a confrontation)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ekaterina 01.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' Argh! Are you saying that Ningguang hasn't done anything?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ekaterina 02.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' Impossible. She wouldn't have shown up here out of the blue without good reason.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ekaterina 03.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' Keep investigating. We must ascertain her intentions...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' So much commotion. This must be an important meeting.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ekaterina 04.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' Oh, great...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It looks like I wasn't supposed to be privy to the contents of this particular meeting. This simplifies things.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ekaterina 05.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' So you are here to investigate us, after all.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ekaterina 06.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' Where did you get wind of this...?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That doesn't matter.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' What matters is that I made a brief and inconsequential visit, and your first reaction was to immediately arrange a sizable surveillance operation with myself as the target.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You couldn't have advertised your guilty conscience more clearly if you'd tried.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You may as well come clean. You know I will not turn a blind eye to any violation of the rules in Liyue Harbor.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ekaterina 07.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' (Ugh, even if we cooperate with her investigation, she's bound to find problems even where there are none...)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ekaterina 08.ogg}} '''Ekaterina:''' Well, if you're such a stickler for the rules, you can carry out your investigation by the book. The Northland Bank has no obligation to cooperate. Even with a member of the Liyue Qixing.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913715 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Fine by me. Then I'll take my time. But you'll be begging to tell me everything by the time I'm through.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: Feint and Riposte===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Feint and Riposte
|character       = Ningguang
|act             = 1
|description     = No one wants to have to go up against Ningguang...
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Endless Smoke
|zhs     = 未尽的硝烟
|zhs_rm  = Wèijìn de Xiāoyān
|zht     = 未盡的硝煙
|zht_rm  = Wèijìn de Xiāoyān
|zh_tl   = Endless Smoke
|ja      = 終わらぬ硝煙
|ja_rm   = Owaranu Shouen
|ja_tl   = Endless Smoke
|ko      = 끝나지 않은 전쟁
|ko_tl   = Endless War
|es      = Humo sin fin
|es_tl   = Smoke Without End
|fr      = Fumée sans fin
|fr_tl   = Endless Smoke
|ru      = Дым неоконченного сражения
|ru_tl   = Smoke of Unfinished Battle
|th      = หมอกควันที่ไร้ที่สิ้นสุด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nhiệt Huyết Chưa Tan
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Endloser Rauch
|de_tl   = Endless Smoke
|id      = Asap yang Terus Mengepul
|id_tl   = Smoke that keeps Steaming
|pt      = Fumaça Infinita
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sonsuz Duman
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fumo infinito
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}