{{Event
|name              = The "Endless Adventure in Teyvat" Themed Exhibition Is Now Available! Take Part to Win Primogems and Merchandise!
|image             = The Endless Adventure in Teyvat Themed Exhibition Is Now Available Take Part to Win Primogems and Merchandise.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-01-03 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-01-10 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/14768757
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>The themed exhibition "Endless Adventure in Teyvat" is now available! Come discover the lively and vivid world of Teyvat!<br>[https://www.hoyolab.com/article/14537898 Learn more about the exhibition details >>>]}}
'''The "Endless Adventure in Teyvat" Themed Exhibition Is Now Available! Take Part to Win Primogems and Merchandise!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.3]].

==Offline Participation Method==
Take photos with any Mimo image in the venue, and post your photo with the topic #AventureSansFinEnTeyvat

==Event Duration==
January 3, 2023 — January 10, 2023 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on January 17.

==Event Rewards==
# We will randomly select 100 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to receive Primogems ×100.
# After confirmation by the staff onsite, you can obtain a limited-edition Exhibition Postcard B and an exhibition raffle qualification stamp.<br>Limited to 1,200 copies per day and will be distributed on a first-come, first-served basis.
# Redemption Site: B1, Room 5, Workstation

==Online Participation Method==
Share your story in Teyvat under the #AventureSansFinEnTeyvat topic and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Event Duration==
January 3, 2023 — January 10, 2023 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on January 17.

==Event Rewards==
We will randomly select 10 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to receive a Dodoco Plush Toy Hangable.

==Notes==
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings:  https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# Winners, please pay attention to System Messages to fill out your shipping address. Merchandise winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: comments with content that violates our Community Rules, comments that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself) or creating a new post (instead of commenting on this post), comments with no relation to Genshin Impact and the event, comments that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}