{{About|the commemorative gadget obtained in the [[Wishful Drops]] event|the event variant|Inquisitive Endora|the NPC|Endora (NPC)}}
{{Item Infobox
|id           = 220023
|image        = Item Endora.png
|type         = Gadgets
|invCategory  = Gadgets
|quality      = 4
|effect       = Commemorative gadget.
|description  = Just a very curious Lochfolk who only wishes to see the world. Might actually get along very well with [[Mini Seelie: Dayflower]], but please do not meld them together, thank you.
|source1      = [[Wishful Drops]] Event
|event        = Wishful Drops
|reusable     = Yes
|usage        = Equipment
|memento      = Yes
}}
'''Endora''' is a commemorative gadget obtained at the end of the [[Wishful Drops]] Event.

Endora is not a true gadget and is merely toggled on when equipped, thus regular gadgets can still be used as per normal. As it lacks the abilities which the Inquisitive version possesses, it is purely a cosmetic item.

==Notes==
* It cannot be used at the same time as any other [[Gadget]] of the "Equipment" type.

==Gallery==
{{Preview
|file1    = Item Endora Animation 3
|caption1 = Equipped

|file2    = Item Endora Animation 1
|caption2 = Animation 1

|file3    = Item Endora Animation 2
|caption3 = Animation 2

|file4    = Item Endora Animation 4
|caption4 = Underwater
}}

==Trivia==
* Endora, [[Mini Seelie: Brilliance]], and [[Itty Bitty Octobaby]] are the only companions that will remain with the player when it goes underwater in [[Fontaine]].
* During the World Quest Series [[Ann of the Narzissenkreuz]], the small Oceanid character [[Ann]] will occasionally accompany the player by staying by their side in a similar way as Endora does, even reusing her idle animations.

===Etymology===
* Her name is quite similar to the name of an {{w|Oceanids|Oceanid}} from Greek mythology, {{w|Eudora (mythology)|Eudora}}.
* Endora may be derived from the city {{Lang|{{w|Endor (village)|Endor}}|he=עֵין־דֹּאר}} (derived from Hebrew {{Lang|mini=1|he=עַיִן|he_rm=ayin|he_tl=spring, fountain}} + {{Lang|mini=1|he=דּוֹר|he_rm=dor|he_tl=dwelling}}) which can mean "fountain of dwelling."<ref>Biblehub: [https://biblehub.com/hebrew/5874.htm 5874. En-dor or En Dor or En-dor] ''Strong's Concordance''</ref>
** Incidentally, the Lochfolk hail from the nation of Fontaine, which means "fountain" in French.
* In Chinese, her name is transcribed as {{zh|嫣朵拉|rm=Yānduǒlā}}, where the character {{zh|嫣|rm=yān}} literally means "beautiful."
** Coincidentally, the character {{ja|嫣}} can be read as ''en'' in Japanese, which more closely matches her English name.
** In Japanese, her name is transcribed as {{ja|エンドラー|rm=Endoraa}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Endora
|zhs     = 嫣朵拉
|zhs_rm  = Yānduǒlā
|zht     = 嫣朵拉
|zht_rm  = Yānduǒlā
|ja      = エンドラー
|ja_rm   = Endoraa
|ko      = 엔도라
|es      = Endora
|fr      = Endora
|ru      = Эндора
<!--|ru_tl   = {{w|Eudora (mythology)|Eudora}}-->
|th      = Endora
|vi      = Endora
|de      = Endora
|id      = Endora
|pt      = Endora
|tr      = Endora
|it      = Endora
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Gadget Navbox}}

[[es:Endora]]
[[fr:Endora]]
[[ja:エンドラー]]
[[pt-br:Endora]]
[[ru:Эндора]]
[[zh:嫣朵拉]]