{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = List
|tab3 = Level Scaling
}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Tutorial Monster.png
|type         = Game Systems
}}
'''Enemies''' in ''[[Genshin Impact]]'' are creatures that can be defeated by players. They can be classified by their difficulty type ([[Common Enemies]], [[Elite Enemies]], [[Normal Bosses]], and [[Weekly Bosses]]), by their family ([[Automatons]], [[The Abyss]], [[Elemental Lifeforms]], [[Mystical Beasts]], [[Hilichurls]], [[Fatui/Enemies|Fatui]], [[Other Human Factions]], and [[Enemies of Note]]), or some other form of grouping (e.g., [[Slimes]]).

==Enemy Types==
===Common Enemies===
{{Transclude|Common Enemy|Desc|section=1|main=1|top=1}}

===Elite Enemies===
{{Transclude|Elite Enemy|EliteEnemyDesc|section=1|main=1|top=1}}

===Normal Bosses===
{{Transclude|Normal Boss|NormalBossDesc|section=1|main=1|top=1}}

===Weekly Bosses===
{{Transclude|Weekly Boss|WeeklyBossDesc|section=1|main=1|top=1}}

==Enemy Families==
{{Main|Enemy Families|Enemy Groups}}
Most of the enemies within the game can be grouped into enemy families based on their appearance and drops. Enemies that do not belong to any enemy family are considered [[Special Enemies]] or [[Enemies of Note]].
;Monsters (Non-Human)
*[[Automatons]]
*[[Elemental Lifeforms]]
*[[Hilichurls]]
*[[Mystical Beasts]]
*[[The Abyss]]
;[[NPC]]s (Human)
*[[Fatui/Enemies|Fatui]]
*[[Other Human Factions]]

==Enemy Level Scaling==
{{Main|Enemy/Level Scaling}}

For enemies, their HP, ATK and DEF are determined by '''base values''', '''level multipliers''' and '''special multipliers'''.

For animals, most of them have 0 DEF and 0 Resistance. Their level HP multiplier are 1 for all levels.

The ATK data are still under testing and not listed.

==Trivia==
*Before unlocking the first [[Statue of The Seven]], enemies do not drop anything when inside a certain radius near the starting point of the game.
*Enemies that are killed while [[Frozen]] or [[Planet Befall|Petrified]] will instantly spawn their Material and Artifact drops, skipping any death animations.
**When killed, Frozen enemies will disappear while spawning harmless clumps of ice, as if it was [[Frozen|Shattered]]. Petrified enemies will turn into dust that is scattered outwards.

==See Also==
* [[Enemy/List]]
* [[Wildlife]]

==Navigation==
{{Enemy Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Genshin Navbox}}
[[Category:Enemies| ]]

[[es:Enemigos]]
[[fr:Ennemi]]
[[ja:敵]]
[[pl:Przeciwnicy]]
[[pt-br:Inimigos]]
[[ru:Враги и монстры]]
[[th:ศัตรู]]
[[tr:Düşmanlar]]
[[uk:Вороги]]
[[vi:Kẻ Địch]]
[[zh:怪物]]