{{Event Tabs
|rootpage = Energy Amplifier/2024-08-12
|subpage1 = Characters
|gallery  = false
}}
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Hosseini]])
:'''Hosseini:''' Hmm? Is that you, {{Traveler}}, Paimon? Ah, wonderful, excellent timing! I was just about to head to the Adventurers' Guild to post a commission!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, well, well! A commission, coming right to us? Guess we're eating good tonight, {{Traveler}}!
:{{DIcon}} Ahem... Paimon...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, uh, that's right. As famed adventurers, we've got some standards when it comes to our fees...
:'''Hosseini:''' Don't you worry about that! As long as you manage the various experimental modules as you did before, you'll be well compensated &mdash; I guarantee it!
:'''Paimon:''' B&mdash;Before? Wait, have we met?
:'''Hosseini:''' *sigh* Have you forgotten me again? It's me, Hosseini, a researcher from Sumeru. We've worked together a bunch of times already, you know...?
:'''Paimon:''' S&mdash;Sorry, we just, uh...
:'''Hosseini:''' I hope you recall the Energy Amplifier, at least?
:{{DIcon}} Wait, you're Amplifier Man, aren't you?
:{{DIcon}} Nothing comes to mind there either...
::'''Hosseini:''' What about "Amplifier Man," then? Surely that rings a bell!
:'''Paimon:''' ...Oh, right! It's you! You're the one from The Chasm!
:'''Paimon:''' You're a lot more cheerful than when we saw you last... No wonder we didn't recognize you.
:'''Hosseini:''' Hehe, is that so? I guess I'm just that happy, then &mdash; I haven't been this lucky in a long while.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. What happened? C'mon, tell us!
:'''Hosseini:''' Well, it's a long story. After we parted last time, I returned straight to the Akademiya and proposed the idea of an artificial Energy Amplifier based on the data we collected.
:'''Hosseini:''' At first, my mentor seemed very excited by the proposal. Gave it the "highest praise" right on the spot, in fact. And then...
:'''Paimon:''' Then...?
:'''Hosseini:''' He booted me out of Sumeru to make me run errands for him in Fontaine.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, what? Why? Didn't he praise you?
:'''Hosseini:''' Oh, he did praise me! For having the gall to submit a fantasy novel as a project proposal, I mean.
:'''Paimon:''' Err, no matter how you spin it, that's definitely not praise...
:'''Hosseini:''' Indeed. I, too, found myself trapped in a pit of despair for some time. However, I had the good fortune of encountering some fine partners and investors here &mdash; they took up my project immediately.
:'''Hosseini:''' With their assistance, I've successfully integrated my previous research with Fontainian techniques to create an artificial Energy Amplifier &mdash; the "Hosseini Amplifier."
:'''Hosseini:''' As long as it passes the tests as my calculations predict it should, forget the trials of the God of Wisdom &mdash; I may yet even become a Sage.
:{{DIcon}} Haven't even graduated yet, have we?
:'''Hosseini:''' Ahem! No need to fuss over meaningless confounding variables like that. That's just a tiny twist on the road to success.
:'''Hosseini:''' The most important thing now is to experimentally verify the actual performance of my Amplifier. That's why I need volunteers to test it within Domains.
:'''Hosseini:''' Well, then, {{Traveler}}, would you like to volunteer to test my Hosseini Amplifier?
:{{DIcon}} Simply put, you need me to use it while I beat up baddies.
::'''Hosseini:''' Yes, precisely. I have nothing but faith in your capabilities, but the current Amplifier design isn't quite up to mark, so do be careful.
:{{DIcon}} Alright. Leave it to me!
::'''Hosseini:''' Now, {{Traveler}}, I have nothing but faith in your capabilities, but the current Amplifier design isn't quite up to mark, so do be careful.
----
;(Talk to Hosseini again, optional)
:'''Hosseini:''' So, how's the experiment going?
:{{DIcon}} Eh, within expectations, more or less.
::'''Hosseini:''' The Amplifier is functioning stably, and the recorded data is clear. Normally, I'd be thrilled.
::'''Hosseini:''' But after seeing how you fight for myself, I just feel like there's still much room for my device to improve.
::{{DIcon}} Well, I am a virtuoso of violently vanquishing villainy.
:::'''Hosseini:''' Haha, yes, that's true! So I too must keep at it, and work hard.
::{{DIcon}} Being able to spot issues is always a good thing.
:::'''Hosseini:''' Precisely. And as it happens, I already have some ideas, so this round of experiments was very productive indeed. Thank you, {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} I just noticed... you don't cough anymore.
::'''Hosseini:''' Huh. Now that you mention it... My cough has gotten better since my Amplifier started making progress.
::'''Hosseini:''' Perhaps it is as the doctors say, that "laughter is the best medicine"?
::{{DIcon}} Hope all goes well.
:::'''Hosseini:''' Thank you, {{Traveler}}.
::{{DIcon}} Can it cure your nongraduatitis?
:::'''Hosseini:''' We might need my mentor's mood to cooperate for that.
:::'''Hosseini:''' Theoretically, though, if the Hosseini Amplifier does perform up to par, he'll have to be happy whether he wants to be or not, ha!
{{Dialogue End}}

[[ru:Диск усиления/2024-08-12/История]]
[[vi:Đĩa Dẫn Năng Lượng/2024-08-12/Cốt Truyện]]