{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Engraved Wishes
|image             = Engraved Wishes.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-09-07 10:00:00
|time_end          = 2021-09-28 03:59:59
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/15731
|link2             = https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/e20210907-wish/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
The '''Engraved Wishes''' Web Event is about to begin. Travelers, let's go create your very own anniversary memory!

The first anniversary of Genshin Impact is approaching. Click the link below to send your Wishes and you will have the opportunity to engrave your own message on Paimon's blocks.

Want to obtain even more rewards? Invite other Travelers to take part in the Engraved Wishes Web Event! After the wishes are collected, we will randomly select 100 lucky participants, each of whom will receive an Amazon gift card valued at US$50. From all event participants, we will randomly select one participant to receive a PlayStation®5 Digital Edition Console (valued at US$827).

==Event Duration==
* Wishes Collection Phase: 2021/09/07 10:00 – 2021/09/28 03:59 (UTC+8)
* Wishes Engraving Phase: 2021/09/28 04:00 – 2021/10/25 23:59
* Engraving Inquiry Phase: 2021/10/26 00:00 – Long Term

==Eligibility==
[[Adventure Rank]] 20 or above

==How to Participate==
During the event, Travelers can send their Wishes to commemorate Genshin Impact's first anniversary and write down a message containing up to six English characters/numbers on a block. After verification, 50,000 lucky Travelers will be able to engrave their six characters on a physical building block of Paimon. From October 26, Travelers will be able to inquire about and obtain an electronic certificate of authentication for their block. The mysterious location where Paimon will land will be revealed at a later stage, at which time, Travelers will be able to see the offline Paimon block sculpture and find their own engraved blocks.

==Event Details==
*When writing your block message, please do not display content including personal information.
*Anything written within the 6 characters that discriminates against race, gender, religion, ethnicity, politics, region, or contains content aimed at bullying will not be eligible for block certification and will be disqualified from being engraved onto the blocks.
*Each account (UID) may only participate in sending one wish.
*Wishes will be displayed at the Wish Showcase Area.
*The system will randomly select 50,000 Travelers, and the inquiry period will open from 2021/10/26 00:00(UTC+8).
*If you have any questions about the Engraved Wishes Web Event, please feel free to contact us at genshin_cs@mihoyo.com.
*This event is available for Travelers on the following servers: America, Europe, Asia, TW/HK/MO

==How to Check==
Click here for information regarding the event https://mhy.link/a0buIBA6

==Raffle Rules for PlayStation®5==
*Participants in the raffle must be players of the game.
*If you have not followed the official Genshin Impact Facebook account (@Genshinimpact), you will be unable to receive notifications about winning and your rights to the prize will be deemed invalid.
*Please note, we are unable to answer questions about the status of event application and the results of the raffle draw.
*As the event is open to all game users worldwide, if the prize cannot be delivered to the winner's region due to issues of post, inventory, or other reasons, an Amazon gift card of equivalent value will be awarded.
*Please note that, currently, the address information can only be filled in once, and cannot be amended after confirmation of submission.
*Please note that we are not responsible for network issues during communication.
*Please note that this activity may be canceled or amended due to extenuating circumstances.
*Please pay attention to your Facebook account's direct message as the winning information will appear in it. Winners will be requested to contact the email address enclosed in the direct message to provide their shipping addresses. Winners of merchandise prizes who have not provided their address within one month after the winners are announced will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes and the prize will be canceled automatically.
*The delivery time of the prize will be subject to the specific timing of international logistics. Please note that we are not responsible for any delays, damages, or losses in the shipping process.
※ Prize winners are required to provide relevant personal information (the specific scope of collection is based on the information filling page) to ensure that merchandise prizes can be distributed in good time. Your personal information will be used for the sole purpose of mailing merchandise prizes won during this event. If our intended use of your personal information changes in any way, we will first contact prize winners to request their consent to the change. If a prize winner does not submit the requested personal information, it will not be possible to issue their prize. We will ensure that prize winners' personal information is not obtained or used by any unauthorized third parties.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Engraved Wishes
|zhs     = 刻印的祝愿
|zhs_rm  = Kèyìn de Zhùyuàn
|zht     = 刻印的祝愿
|zht_rm  = Kèyìn de Zhùyuàn
|ja      = 祝福の刻印
|ja_rm   = Shukufuku no Koku'in{{Assumed}}
|ko      = {{tt|각인|刻印}}의 {{tt|축복|祝福}}
|ko_rm   = Gak'in-ui Chukbok
|es      = Grabado de deseos
|fr      = Gravures de vœux
|ru      = Высеченные пожелания
|th      = สลักความปรารถนา
|th_rm   = Salak Khwam Pranthana
|vi      = Khắc Lên Lời Chúc
|de      = Eingravierte Glückwünsche
|id      = Ucapan yang Terukir
|pt      = Desejos Esculpidos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[es:Grabado de deseos]]
[[pt-br:Desejos Esculpidos]]