{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23011; 23032
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Equivalent Exchange Once More.png
|startLocation = [[Treasures Street]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = Return to Days of Winter
|next          = 
|requirement   = 
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Viktor; Hamawi; Paimon; Traveler; Lambad; Jut; Vsevolod
|npc           = Viktor; Hamawi; Jut
}}
'''''Equivalent Exchange Once More''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]. It is a continuation of [[Viktor]]'s Commission quests and requires completing ''[[Return to Days of Winter]]''.

==Steps==
The dialogue in this Commission changes after the Commission has been completed once. The subsequent version is randomly chosen between any version that is not the first Commission.

;Initial Version
# Talk to Viktor
# Talk to [[Hamawi]]
# Go to where the cart is
# Defeat all the Fungi and retrieve the plank
#* {{Enemy|Floating Hydro Fungus|x=3}}
# Report back to Hamawi
# Talk to Viktor

;Subsequent Version #1
# Talk to Viktor
# Talk to Hamawi
# Go to where the cart is
# Defeat all the Fungi and retrieve the plank
# Report back to Hamawi
# Talk to Viktor

;Subsequent Version #2
# Talk to Viktor
# Talk to [[Lambad]]
# Talk to Viktor

;Subsequent Version #3
# Talk to Viktor
# Talk to [[Jut]]
# Talk to Viktor

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this commission will add [[Viktor]] to Sumeru as an NPC.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You see a familiar face in Sumeru City...}}

===Initial Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Viktor, optional)
:'''Viktor:''' (What a wonderful place. Ah, if only I could stay here forever...)

;(Talk to Viktor)
:'''Viktor:''' Hmm... How should I carve this again...
:{{DIcon}} Hi!
:{{DIcon}} V&mdash;Viktor?
:'''Viktor:''' Ugh, who's there? Stop bothering me already, I'm...
:'''Viktor:''' Eh!? Traveler!? What brings you here to Sumeru?
:'''Viktor:''' Come on, [[Rudolf]] can't have sent you to beat me up, right? I did nothing but send [[Lily]] a little gift way back when!
:{{DIcon}} I'm just stopping by...
::'''Viktor:''' So you're still traveling. Just can't stop, can you?
:{{DIcon}} That's right, come back to Mondstadt with me!
::'''Viktor:''' Ha, ha, ha, alright. Want a pair of shackles to lead me away while you're at it?
::'''Viktor:''' Okay, enough joking around. I've got things to deal with.
:'''Viktor:''' But, you know... I didn't expect to see you here in Sumeru...
:'''Viktor:''' My original orders were to relocate from Mondstadt to Snezhnaya.
:'''Viktor:''' But another order came and I was sent to Sumeru City to assist [[Vsevolod|Mr. Vsevolod]]. Moreover, I was told that I was being transferred to [[Pulcinella|Lord Pulcinella]]'s command.
:{{DIcon}} Pulcinella?
:{{DIcon}} Another Harbinger?
:'''Viktor:''' Yes... Well, no. I shall stop here, or Mr. Vsevolod would criticize my insensitivity to affairs of confidentiality.
:'''Viktor:''' *sigh* The names of our Lord Harbingers are no secret. I can never understand why he's so antsy about it.
:{{DIcon}} So, what are you doing in Sumeru?
:'''Viktor:''' Oh, Mr. Vsevolod and I are mainly responsible for logistical support and coordination. In short, we go shopping a lot.
:'''Viktor:''' It doesn't sound like a big deal, but it's certainly nicer than idling away in the [[Favonius Cathedral|Mondstadt Cathedral]].
:'''Viktor:''' Hehe, my current job also comes with lots of free time, and no one's keeping an eye on me...
:'''Viktor:''' So I picked back my childhood wood carving hobby back up. And guess what, Sumeru happens to be rich in wood. Perfect for practice!
:'''Viktor:''' And you know what? My wood carvings are actually popular among kids. They have been bothering me about it, so I promised to carve one for them each.
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you with the Fatui?
::'''Viktor:''' Yes, so what? I mean... Who says a Fatuus can't make toys for kids?
::'''Viktor:''' Besides, I'm just the supply guy. As for all those fancy great deals, I'll just leave them to the Lords.
:{{DIcon}} You're not trying to pump the kids for information... Are you?
::'''Viktor:''' Hey! I'd never do that! What's with your horrible stereotype of us Fatui?
:'''Viktor:''' All in all, that's the situation here. I wasn't able to return to Snezhnaya, but I kinda like Sumeru. There's food, entertainment, and a pretty nice environment here.
:'''Viktor:''' After work, I just grab some food and get myself a nice sunny spot for some wood carving.
:'''Viktor:''' However... Haha, everyone gives me those skeptical looks, just like the one you gave me when [[Tales of Winter|we first talked]].
:'''Viktor:''' But there's nothing I can do. I'm a Fatuus after all.
:{{DIcon}} I still don't really trust you even now.
:{{DIcon}} Who says I trust you now? Stop cottoning up to me!
:'''Viktor:''' Okay... Basically, I'm quite happy with my life now, and I even managed to keep some savings.
:'''Viktor:''' If these days continue, I might just settle down here in Sumeru...
:'''Viktor:''' Ahem, well, that's enough of that. Now that you're also here, Traveler, let's continue our "equivalent exchange," if you're in.
:'''Viktor:''' But I'm also out of stories, so your payment will be in real currency this time around.
:{{DIcon}} Well, that works better for me.
:{{DIcon}} Am I taking commissions from the Fatui?
::'''Viktor:''' Of course not, you'll just be doing commissions for Viktor.
:'''Viktor:''' Alright, let me make the commission clear.
:'''Viktor:''' I ordered some wood from Hamawi lately, but it hasn't been delivered yet.
:'''Viktor:''' I can't go talk to him during working hours, or Mr. Vsevolod will scold me for sure.
:'''Viktor:''' Traveler, would you please do me a favor and ask Hamawi about my wood delivery?
:{{DIcon}} Just get my payment ready.
::'''Viktor:''' Rest assured. I won't let you down.
:{{DIcon}} You sure you're not up to anything...?
::'''Viktor:''' Come on, when did I play dirty tricks in our trades before? Don't worry, I can't be bothered, anyway... What's wrong with a peaceful, simple life?
:'''Viktor:''' Anyway, I'll leave this to you, Traveler.

;(Talk to Viktor again)
:'''Viktor:''' I didn't expect myself to ever be able to pick up wood carving again...
----
;(Talk to Hamawi)
:'''Hamawi:''' What awful luck...
:{{DIcon}} About Viktor's wood...
:'''Hamawi:''' Are you talking about the wood that the Fatuus ordered?
:'''Hamawi:''' *sigh* I knew dealing with the Fatui wouldn't end well.
:'''Hamawi:''' We were attacked by monsters while transporting that wood. All of us made it back alive, but our cart didn't. We were forced to leave the wood by the roadside.
:'''Hamawi:''' I dare not go over there, nor can I find someone to get rid of those monsters so soon...
:{{DIcon}} We aren't Fatui...
:'''Hamawi:''' Aren't you a Fatuus? Then why are you helping him?
:'''Hamawi:''' Anyway, I can only leave my cart there for now and see if I can hire someone to deal with the situation.
:'''Hamawi:''' If you are anxious to get the wood, I'll mark the approximate location of the cart on the map for you, then you can go take a look for yourself.
:'''Hamawi:''' *sigh* Nothing good ever comes of things that the Fatui are involved in...

;(Talk to Hamawi again)
:'''Hamawi:''' *sigh* Nothing good ever comes of things that the Fatui are involved in...
----
;(After picking up the plank)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the wood Viktor bought... Let's take some back.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Normal Wood}})
----
;(Talk to Hamawi)
:'''Hamawi:''' *sigh* Nothing good ever comes of things that the Fatui are involved in...
:{{DIcon}} About Viktor's wood...
:'''Hamawi:''' This wood... You've chased away all the monsters? You're stronger than you look...
:'''Hamawi:''' Thank you. I'll head over with a few others later and bring the wood back.
:'''Hamawi:''' *sigh* Nothing good ever comes of things that the Fatui are involved in...
----
;(Talk to Viktor)
:'''Viktor:''' How did it go? Has my wood arrived?
:{{Black Screen|You tell Viktor what happened...}}
:'''Viktor:''' Monsters again? Sheesh, is it just me, or does it feel like every cart in the world is being attacked by monsters...
:'''Viktor:''' Ugh, never mind... it's all good as long my wood gets here.
:'''Viktor:''' Oh, right. Here's the payment I promised you. Count it up if you like.
:'''Viktor:''' Uh, by the way... Um, is Lily doing well?
:'''Viktor:''' I didn't say goodbye to her before I left. I hope she isn't angry...
:{{DIcon}} She's doing really well.
::'''Viktor:''' Alright. *cough* Come on, don't look at me like that. I was just a little concerned!
:{{DIcon}} Go back and visit her yourself.
::'''Viktor:''' Mr. Vsevolod will definitely kick my rear end if I do that. Forget it.
::'''Viktor:''' I don't quite dare to send a letter directly either.
::'''Viktor:''' Receiving a letter from a Fatuus sounds like a bad thing, after all. Hahaha...
:'''Viktor:''' Anyway, make sure you count your remuneration up. I prepared the exact amount, Traveler.
{{Dialogue End}}
<!-- unconfirmed variant #3:
:'''Viktor:''' How did it go? Has my wood arrived?
:{{Black Screen|You tell Viktor what happened...}}
:'''Viktor:''' Monsters again? Why does it feel like every cart in the world is being attacked by monsters...
:'''Viktor:''' Never mind, as long my wood gets here.
:'''Viktor:''' Oh, right. Here's the payment I promised you. You can tally it up if you like.
:'''Viktor:''' Uh, by the way... Um, is Lily doing well?
:'''Viktor:''' I didn't say goodbye to her before I left. I hope she isn't angry...
:{{DIcon}} She's doing really well.
::'''Viktor:''' Alright. Ahem... Don't look at me like that. I was just a little concerned!
:{{DIcon}} Go back and visit her yourself.
::'''Viktor:''' Mr. Vsevolod will give me a real hiding if I do that. Forget it.
::'''Viktor:''' I don't quite dare to send a letter directly either.
::'''Viktor:''' Receiving a letter from a Fatuus sounds like a bad thing, either. Hahaha...
:'''Viktor:''' Anyway, count your compensation. I prepared the exact amount, Traveler.
-->
===Subsequent Version #1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Victor)
:'''Viktor:''' Hello, Traveler. You couldn't have come at a better time.
:{{DIcon}} How's your wood carving going?
:'''Viktor:''' Uh... Mr. Vsevolod found out that I've been carving wood in secret...
:'''Viktor:''' But he didn't really get angry about it. He just told me to stay focused while I'm at work... He even asked me for a wood carving of a bunny.
:{{DIcon}} Does he have a child to cajole too?
:{{DIcon}} You Fatui are real children at heart, aren't you...
:'''Viktor:''' Mr. Vsevolod said that my wood carvings have a strong Snezhnayan style, and that he really likes them.
:'''Viktor:''' I've heard that Mr. Vsevolod's orders have kept him from going home to his family in Snezhnaya for a very long time now.
:'''Viktor:''' I think he might really be homesick, unlike me...
:'''Viktor:''' *sigh* Let's stop here. Traveler, I've ordered another batch of wood from Hamawi. Please help me take a look at how it's going.
:{{DIcon}} Just get the payment ready.
::'''Viktor:''' Don't worry, I've prepared real currency for you this time.
:{{DIcon}} Don't you want to return to Snezhnaya?
::'''Viktor:''' It's not that bad for me... I don't have any relatives in Snezhnaya, and I'm used to traveling. It's quite comfortable here in Sumeru too...
::'''Viktor:''' I only spoke about returning to Snezhnaya because it was too boring in Mondstadt... *cough*!
::'''Viktor:''' Anyway, I'm leaving this to you. I'll have your payment ready.

;(Talk to Victor again)
:'''Viktor:''' I didn't expect myself to be able to pick up wood carving again...
----
;(Talk to Hamawi)
:'''Hamawi:''' What awful luck...
:{{DIcon}} About Viktor's wood...
:'''Hamawi:''' Are you talking about the wood that the Fatuus ordered?
:'''Hamawi:''' *sigh* I knew dealing with the Fatui wouldn't end well.
:'''Hamawi:''' We were attacked by monsters while transporting that wood. All of us made it back alive, but our cart didn't. We were forced to leave the wood by the roadside.
:'''Hamawi:''' I dare not go over there, nor can I find someone to get rid of those monsters so soon...
:{{DIcon}} We aren't Fatui...
:'''Hamawi:''' Aren't you a Fatuus? Then why are you helping him?
:'''Hamawi:''' Anyway, I can only leave my cart there for now and see if I can hire someone to deal with the situation.
:'''Hamawi:''' If you are anxious to get the wood, I'll mark the approximate location of the cart on the map for you, then you can go take a look for yourself.
:'''Hamawi:''' *sigh* Nothing good ever comes of things that the Fatui are involved in...

;(Talk to Hamawi again)
:'''Hamawi:''' *sigh* Nothing good ever comes of things that the Fatui are involved in...
----
;(After picking up the plank)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the wood Viktor bought... Let's take some back.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Normal Wood}})
----
;(Talk to Hamawi)
:'''Hamawi:''' *sigh* Nothing good ever comes of things that the Fatui are involved in...
:{{DIcon}} About Viktor's wood...
:'''Hamawi:''' This wood... You've chased away all the monsters? You're stronger than you look...
:'''Hamawi:''' Thank you. I'll head over with a few others later and bring the wood back.
:'''Hamawi:''' *sigh* Nothing good ever comes of things that the Fatui are involved in...
----
;(Version without Vsevolod)
::'''Viktor:''' How did it go? Has my wood arrived?
::{{Black Screen|You tell Viktor what happened...}}
::'''Viktor:''' Monsters again? Why does it feel like every cart in the world is being attacked by monsters...
::'''Viktor:''' Never mind. The wood got here, and that's what counts.
::'''Viktor:''' Oh, right. Here's the payment I promised you. Make sure to tally it up.
::'''Viktor:''' Uh, by the way... Um, is Lily doing well?
::'''Viktor:''' I didn't say goodbye to her before I left. I hope she isn't angry...
::{{DIcon}} She's doing really well.
:::'''Viktor:''' Alright. *cough*... Don't look at me like that. I was just a little concerned!
::{{DIcon}} Go back and visit her yourself, then.
:::'''Viktor:''' Mr. Vsevolod will give me a real hiding if I do that, so forget it.
:::'''Viktor:''' I don't quite dare to send a letter directly either.
:::'''Viktor:''' Receiving a letter from a Fatuus sounds like a bad thing. Hahaha...
::'''Viktor:''' Anyway, make sure you tally your remuneration, Traveler. I prepared the exact amount.

;(Version with Vsevolod; available if Subsequent Version #1 has been completed before){{verify}}
::'''Viktor:''' How did it go? Has the wood I ordered arrived?
::{{Black Screen|You tell Viktor what happened...}}
::'''Viktor:''' Monsters again? Why does it feel like every cart in the world is being attacked by monsters...
::'''Viktor:''' Never mind, as long my wood gets here, I'm fine with it.
::'''Viktor:''' Oh, right. Here's the payment I promised you. Tally it up if you like.
::'''Viktor:''' So... about Lily...
::'''Vsevolod:''' Viktor, is this the Traveler you told me about?
::'''Viktor:''' Ahem! Yes! Commander, this is the Traveler!
::'''Vsevolod:''' What were you talking about? Did I interrupt you?
::'''Viktor:''' No sir! I was talking with the Traveler about the commission!
::'''Vsevolod:''' Thanks.
::'''Vsevolod:''' Hello, Traveler. It's an honor to be with you today.
::{{DIcon}} Hello.
::'''Vsevolod:''' Hello Traveler. Actually, I've already learned about you through various means.
::'''Vsevolod:''' Looks like you and us the Fatui are meant to meet.
::'''Vsevolod:''' Viktor told me that you refused to join the Fatui in Mondstadt.
::'''Vsevolod:''' I don't know if that's still your choice?
::{{DIcon}} Yes.
::{{DIcon}} I refuse to join the Fatui.
::'''Viktor:''' Sir, this traveler actually is...
::'''Vsevolod:''' That's enough Viktor. I won't have any feelings about the Traveler's choice.
::'''Vsevolod:''' On the contrary... I respect those who stick to their choice and see it through.
::{{DIcon}} I stand by my decision.
::'''Vsevolod:''' I have no doubt about that.
::'''Vsevolod:''' If you would excuse me, I have other errands to run.
::'''Vsevolod:''' Hehe... I deeply believe that sooner or later we will have a chance to work together, Traveler.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Subsequent Version #2===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Viktor:''' Traveler, perfect timing! Come over here and help me with something.
:{{DIcon}} What are you up to now?
:'''Viktor:''' I'm trying to make a dish from Sumeru using Snezhnayan cooking methods.
:'''Viktor:''' But I don't recognize many spices from Sumeru, so I'm having to do it slowly by trial and error...
:{{DIcon}} Is this a Fatuus' job too?
::'''Viktor:''' Uh... Inspecting the quality of spices is within the scope of my job, of course.
:{{DIcon}} You sure seem happy about all this...
::'''Viktor:''' Huh? Uh... Sort of? I wouldn't consider it out of the ordinary. I go to work every day, after all.
:'''Viktor:''' But let's get back to business. Because my... work schedule for inspecting the quality of spices has been too tight, the spices are consumed rapidly.
:'''Viktor:''' After some discussions with Mr. Vsevolod, we've decided to commission Mr. Lambad to purchase spices for us.
:'''Viktor:''' We're regulars at Mr. Lambad's tavern, so we trust his judgment.
:'''Viktor:''' Traveler, please help me ask Mr. Lambad about how the purchase of spices is going.
:'''Viktor:''' Besides that... Ask him if he has any good food ready. It's almost mealtime...
:{{DIcon}} Alright.
:{{DIcon}} You just wanted food, right?
::'''Viktor:''' It's part of my job! Am I the kind of person who neglects his job and only thinks about food? Trust me, alright?
:'''Viktor:''' Unfortunately, Mr. Vsevolod is always away for work, or I would have introduced you to him.
:{{DIcon}} I don't want to get to know a Fatuus.
:{{DIcon}} I don't want to join the Fatui.
:'''Viktor:''' We'd just be saying hello. We aren't high-ranking Fatui, we just manage logistics. What kind of trouble could we possibly bring you?
:'''Viktor:''' Anyway, I'll be leaving this to you, Traveler.

;(Talk to Viktor again)
:'''Viktor:''' Mr. Vsevolod is working all day. In fact, I've even heard that he hasn't been back to Snezhnaya in years. I really wonder how he made it up till now...
----
;(Talk to Lambad)
:'''Lambad:''' Hello there. Is there anything I can help you with?
:{{DIcon}} I've been commissioned by Viktor...
:'''Lambad:''' Oh, this is about the spices he asked me to purchase, right? I've got them right here, and I'll send them over in a while.
:'''Lambad:''' Lunch? Oh my, we were quite busy today, so almost all the ingredients have been used up...
:'''Lambad:''' I know! Traveler, can you get me two potatoes?
:'''Lambad:''' In return... I'll make you some [[Panipuri]]. Thanks.

:'''Lambad:''' Did you get the potatoes?
;(Submit potatoes)
:'''Lambad:''' Perfect. These should be enough. Please give me a moment.
:{{Black Screen|Lambad starts cooking...}}
:'''Lambad:''' It's done. This serving is for you. Please take the other two servings of Panipuri to those two.
;(Obtain {{Item|Fatui Meal}})
----
:'''Viktor:''' So, what did Lambad say?
:{{Black Screen|You tell Viktor what happened...}}
:'''Viktor:''' Lambad really is a reliable boss and a really nice person.
:'''Viktor:''' Unlike the others who instinctively become wary of us when they find out that we're Fatui.
:{{DIcon}} That's your own fault, alright?
:{{DIcon}} It's the Fatui's fault that things are like that...
:'''Viktor:''' Oh, it smells really good. I bet Vsevolod would like it too.
:{{DIcon}} Seriously...
:'''Viktor:''' And here's the payment I promised you. Tally it up if you have to.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Subsequent Version #3===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Victor)
:'''Viktor:''' Why are these spices so expensive?
:{{DIcon}} Have you not bought the spices yet?
:'''Viktor:''' Traveler! You're finally here. Uh... I have a question for you...
:'''Viktor:''' D&mdash;Do you have any Windwheel Aster?
:{{DIcon}} Why are you suddenly asking that?
:{{DIcon}} What do you need Windwheel Aster for?
:'''Viktor:''' Remember how I was busy with the spices? I heard Lambad mention something called a "sachet" during our discussion.
:'''Viktor:''' To be specific, various flowers are dried in a small cloth pouch, some even sprinkle a dash of perfume on it...
:'''Viktor:''' So, they tell me that ladies are really fond of these "sachets"...
:{{DIcon}} I never expected this from you, Viktor...
:{{DIcon}} You're really planning on settling down in Sumeru, huh?
:'''Viktor:''' N&mdash;No! What are you talking about? Don't you remember that we spoke about sending Lily a letter?
:'''Viktor:''' After giving it a lot of thought, I've decided to write Lily a letter. Leaving without saying goodbye was a terrible decision...
:'''Viktor:''' Of course, making a sachet is absolutely beyond me, nor do I have enough materials. That's why I asked Jut to gather the materials for me.
:'''Viktor:''' But I couldn't afford the spices in his shop... So, I offered him "equivalent exchange."
:'''Viktor:''' Simply put, I'll give him rare plants in exchange for him helping me to gather rare spices.
:'''Viktor:''' I promised Jut that I'd get him a Windwheel Aster, but I can't return to Mondstadt right now...
:'''Viktor:''' So, Traveler, could you help me with this?
:{{DIcon}} Just get my payment ready.
::'''Viktor:''' No problem. There'll be enough to go around, believe me!
:{{DIcon}} Is this another one of the Fatui's plans?
::'''Viktor:''' Of course not. Mr. Vsevolod would have asked for funding if it were. Why would I even have to ask for your help then?
::'''Viktor:''' Anyway, I'm trying to get away from the Fatui now, so I don't care about any of their plans.
::'''Viktor:''' I've had enough of being suspected all the time...
::'''Viktor:''' Oh, don't tell anyone about this, or they'll call me in for a little... chat...
:'''Viktor:''' I'm counting on you. I'll be waiting for you here.
:'''Viktor:''' But how should I start my letter to Lily?

;(Talk to Victor again)
:'''Viktor:''' How should I start my letter to Lily?
:'''Viktor:''' "Dear Lily"... Wait, I can't write that.
:'''Viktor:''' "Hi, Lily"... Well, that doesn't sound too bad...
----
;(Talk to Jut)
:'''Jut:''' What does a Windwheel Aster smell like?
:{{DIcon}} About Viktor's commission...
:'''Jut:''' Yes, I did make an agreement with him. He'll help me find rare plants, and I'll help him make a sachet.
:'''Jut:''' You're the one he hired to help, right? If you get a Windwheel Aster, you can just pass it to me.
:'''Jut:''' Did you get the Windwheel Aster?
;(Submit {{Item|Windwheel Aster}})
:'''Jut:''' This is a Windwheel Aster? Hmm, an interesting plant indeed...
:'''Jut:''' I'll take it. Tell him to leave making a sachet to me.
----
;(Talk to Viktor)
:'''Viktor:''' So, Traveler, how did it go?
:{{Black Screen|You tell Viktor what happened...}}
:'''Viktor:''' Wonderful, thank you, Traveler.
:'''Viktor:''' Here's your payment. Now, I'll go back to writing Lily's letter.
:'''Viktor:''' *sigh* Writing a letter to her makes me more nervous than writing a report for Mr. Vsevolod...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Equivalent Exchange Once More
|zhs      = 等量再交换！
|zhs_rm   = Děngliàng Zài Jiāohuàn!
|zht      = 等量再交換！
|zht_rm   = Děngliàng Zài Jiāohuàn!
|zh_tl    = Equivalent Exchange Again!
|ja       = 等量再交換！
|ja_rm    = Touryou Sai Koukan!
|ja_tl    = Equivalent Exchange Again!
|ko       = 한 번 더 등가 교환!
|ko_tl    = Equivalent Exchange Once More!
|es       = ¡Intercambio equivalente!
|es_tl    = Equivalent Exchange!
|fr       = Nouvel échange de bons procédés !
|fr_tl    = New Two-Way Street!
|ru       = Ещё один равноценный обмен!
|ru_tl    = One More Equivalent Exchange!
|th       = การแลกเปลี่ยนที่เท่าเทียม... อีกแล้ว!
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Trao Đổi Bình Đẳng!
|vi_tl    = Fair Exchange!
|de       = Noch ein gerechter Tausch!
|de_tl    = Another Fair Exchange!
|id       = Pertukaran yang Setara&nbsp;... Lagi!
|id_tl    = Equivalent Exchange... Again!
|pt       = Troca Equivalente Mais Uma Vez!
|pt_tl    = Equivalent Exchange One More Time!
|tr       = Bir Kez Daha Eşit Takas
|tr_tl    = One More Time Equivalent Exchange
|it       = Scambio equivalente ancora una volta
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru}}