{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12039
|image         = Story Ere the End a Glance Back.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Acer Palmatum Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = A Strange and Friendless Road
|character     = Kaedehara Kazuha
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Mt. Yougou]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Mt. Yougou
|prev          = Through the Mist, a Name Unveiled
|domain        = Occupied Hold
|exp           = 575
|mora          = 38,100
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Guide to Diligence|5}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}{{Card|Kagotsurube Isshin|1}}
|characters    = Amenoma Yuuya; Kaedehara Kazuha; Kujou Kamaji; Murayama; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Ere the End, a Glance Back''' is the third and final part of [[Kaedehara Kazuha]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Acer Palmatum Chapter]]: Act I - [[A Strange and Friendless Road]].

==Steps==
# Go to the blade-testing venue
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Occupied Hold]]
# Enter the occupied hold and defeat the opponents
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Nobushi: Jintouban*2;Nobushi: Kikouban}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Nobushi: Jintouban*6}}
# Talk to Kazuha
# Keep going and defeat the opponents
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Nobushi: Hitsukeban*3}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Nobushi: Jintouban*4;Nobushi: Kikouban*2}}
# Talk to Kazuha
# Keep going and defeat the opponents {{Enemy List|Kairagi: Fiery Might*1}}
# Talk to Kazuha
# Keep going and defeat the opponents {{Enemy List|Nobushi: Kikouban*2; Kairagi: Dancing Thunder*1}}
# Talk to Kazuha
# Listen to what the cursed blade has to say
# Fulfill the cursed blade's wish
# Have a duel with [[Amenoma Yuuya]]
#* {{Enemy|Yoriki Samurai|text=Amenoma Yuuya - Amenoma Art Successor}}
# Return to [[Amenoma Smithy]]
# Accompany Kazuha while he gives [[Kujou Kamaji]] his response

==Trial Character==
* The weapon attributes change upon completing different rooms in the [[Occupied Hold]] Quest Domain. Kazuha will switch his weapon to [[Fillet Blade]] for the final fight in the domain.
* The weapon shown here is during the duel with Amenoma Yuuya.
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 4,6,8
|character_name          = Kaedehara Kazuha

<!--WL 4 stats-->
|character_level4        = 61
|constellation4          = 3

|weapon_name4            = Prized Isshin Blade (Shattered)
|weapon_level4           = 61
|refinement4             = 1

|artifact_flower4        = Medal of the Brave
|artifact_feather4       = Prospect of the Brave
|artifact_sands4         = Fortitude of the Brave
|artifact_goblet4        = Outset of the Brave
|artifact_circlet4       = Crown of the Brave
|artifact_level4         = 16
|set1_4                  = Brave Heart
|set1_piece_bonus_4      = 4

|normal_attack_talent4   = 4
|elemental_skill_talent4 = 7
|elemental_burst_talent4 = 4

|hp4                     = 18,729
|atk4                    = 1,254
|def4                    = 567
|em4                     = 91
|crit_rate4              = 50.6%
|crit_dmg4               = 72.4%
|er4                     = 104.7%

|character_level6        = 82
|constellation6          = 3

|weapon_name6            = Prized Isshin Blade (Shattered)
|weapon_level6           = 82
|refinement6             = 1

|artifact_flower6        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather6       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands6         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet6        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet6       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level6         = 20
|set1_6                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_6      = 4

|normal_attack_talent6   = 6
|elemental_skill_talent6 = 9
|elemental_burst_talent6 = 6

|hp6                     = 26,452
|atk6                    = 1,652
|def6                    = 903
|em6                     = 220
|crit_rate6              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg6               = 91.9%
|er6                     = 135.0%

<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name8            = Prized Isshin Blade (Shattered)
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

|hp8                     = 27,632
|atk8                    = 1,725
|def8                    = 955
|em8                     = 220
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
|er8                     = 135.0%
}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* Inside the domain, Kazuha will recover to full HP after completing each room.
* Kazuha will be the only character in the party for all the fights.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As it turns out, the one behind the missing-person case is a cursed blade that has possessed Amenoma Yuuya's body. To save the latter and to prove the absurdity of the blade's fixation, Kazuha eventually takes up the cursed blade himself.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the first room in the Domain)
:{{A|vo wylq103 1 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Leave everything on this journey to me.

;(After defeating the opponents in the first room)
:{{A|vo wylq103 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How are you feeling? You okay?
:{{A|vo wylq103 2 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I am alright. The blade is performing largely as I expected. Having gone so long without proper use and maintenance, it's become very difficult to use.
:{{A|vo wylq103 2 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Though he's making every effort to persevere, I do not think he can last much longer.
:{{A|vo wylq103 2 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo wylq103 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Something else on your mind?
:{{A|vo wylq103 2 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' How strange. Rather than trying to control me, he is instead trying to match my fighting rhythm.
:{{A|vo wylq103 2 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Let's keep going.

;(After defeating the opponents in the second room)
:{{A|vo wylq103 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, something's up with the blade!
:{{DIcon}} What's going on?
:{{DIcon}} It's grown... dimmer?
:{{A|vo wylq103 3 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I can sense that his strength is slowly fading away. The blade is becoming more and more difficult for me to wield.
:{{A|vo wylq103 3 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' He cannot hold out much longer. If he keeps persisting, he will likely break apart at any moment.
:{{A|vo wylq103 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... what would that do to Amenoma Yuuya...
:{{A|vo wylq103 3 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I will be careful with it. He also says he does not have any plans to give up easily.
:{{A|vo wylq103 3 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' He's still trying to achieve his goal...

;(Enter the third room)
:{{A|vo wylq103 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look out, ambush!

;(If Kazuha has lost significant health)
:;(The opponent is defeated instantly)
::{{A|vo wylq103 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That was such a close call...
::{{A|vo wylq103 5 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' My apologies... in the end, I still needed your help.
;(After defeating the opponent in the third room)
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you okay? It looked like you were really struggling the entire fight.
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes. And it looks like he's reached his limit.
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The sheen's grown a bit dimmer again. It doesn't look anywhere near as impressive as it did at the start.
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Perhaps this time, we'll finally have a chance to see his true form.
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' True form? What are you talking about... Huh? What the...!?
:{{color|menu|The illusion disperses, revealing the true form of this sword at last...}}
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this the same blade as before!? It looks like a piece of junk!
:{{DIcon}} The wear and tear is severe.
:{{DIcon}} It really looks like it's about to break.
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' If you choose to continue in the state you're in, you wouldn't even be able to beat samurai and kairagi, much less the Almighty Shogun.
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Maybe you truly did wield the power to rival the Shogun's light when first forged. But the long journey from Snezhnaya back to Inazuma has left you battered and broken.
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It barely needs stating anymore. Your ambition is a flight of fancy.
:{{DIcon}} Will he listen to you?
:{{DIcon}} Though the truth is right there in front of him.
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I've finally figured out why it was that you agreed to my bet.
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' You wanted to reach a state of harmony with me. For perhaps then, you would still be able to wield commendable power.
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But regrettably, we are nothing alike. I will never understand your obstinacy and cruelty, nor can I empathize with the one who made you.
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The only one who truly understood you had already passed away by the time you were born.
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's that supposed to mean?
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 murayama 01.ogg}} '''Murayama:''' There they are. Take them down!
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Where do they keep coming from!
:{{DIcon}} You shouldn't fight with this blade anymore.
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup yup, we can help this time!
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 kazuha 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Don't worry, I'll use my own blade.
:{{A|vo wylq103 5 kazuha 12.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It's just more of the same.

;(After defeating the second set of opponents in the third room)
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You fought way better with your own sword.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kagotsurubeisshin 01.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' ...You are a true Kaedehara, in flesh and in spirit. Though we fought briefly together, you have seen me for who I really am.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kagotsurubeisshin 02.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' No one knew anything of my story throughout my travels, nor did I tell it to anyone. You are the first person to know the truth.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kagotsurubeisshin 03.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' I thought that if I could achieve Isshin harmony with you, perhaps there would still be a ray of hope for me.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But in this, too, you have failed.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kagotsurubeisshin 04.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Indeed. No matter how hard I tried, I could not attain that perfect harmony that your personal blade does with you.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kagotsurubeisshin 05.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Too much time has passed... My physical state is poor, and without proper maintenance, I can only disguise my true appearance behind an outer sheen.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kagotsurubeisshin 06.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Yours is the blade that took on the Musou no Hitotachi... And what a magnificent blade it is. Perhaps I shall never reach that level of glory...
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Actually... this is just a generic blade that I picked up during my travels in Liyue.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kagotsurubeisshin 07.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Wh&mdash;What?
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Forging and maintenance are both important for a blade, but they are not everything.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' This blade has traveled the land with me for many years, and we have formed a close bond during that time. Plus, in the moment that I most needed it, I received aid from another power...
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Skill, blade, determination, and desire &mdash; all these must be aligned in the practice of Isshin Art.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kagotsurubeisshin 08.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' ...
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' There is something else I must tell you. Though your maker may not have been aware, your ability to possess your own consciousness derived from the power of the Tatarigami.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Tatarigami is a malevolence from the ancient past. It is the source of your mania and savagery.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Though you tried to cooperate with me while I was wielding you, the part of you driven by Tatarigami was constantly trying to seize control of my body.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kagotsurubeisshin 09.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' I sensed it, but I couldn't change it. It is an integral part of my consciousness.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I resisted its temptations because I wanted to save Amenoma Yuuya. But I do not know whether you yourself have any intention of trying to fight it.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I feel a great sense of regret for you, since you embarked on a journey bound for a destination you were destined never to reach.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kazuha 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The moment you embarked on this journey, you lost the only person who could have ever unleashed your true potential. And yet there was no way for you to turn your back on his ambition.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kazuha 12.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' You have known this for a long time. It is the true source of your despair.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kagotsurubeisshin 10.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' He gave me everything... my life, my form, my consciousness and purpose...
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kagotsurubeisshin 11.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' How could I possibly deny him his wish...
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kagotsurubeisshin 12.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' I said to him, "Do not worry. From here on, I shall forge your legacy."
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kagotsurubeisshin 13.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' How could I go back on my word...
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw...
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kazuha 13.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I believe our bet is now settled. I have nothing further to say.
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where are you going, Kazuha?
:{{A|vo wylq103 6 kazuha 14.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' He now has neither the ability, nor the motivation to cause further harm. Let's give him some time to reflect on things.

;(Talk to the Prized Isshin Blade, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog wylq103 kagotsurubeisshin 01.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' ...

;(Talk to Kazuha)
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' When I touched the hilt for the first time, it's as if I was transported to a strange dimension. It was somewhere I've never been.
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' A bladesmith lay quietly on the bed, his frail face barely visible under the moonlight. His breaths were weak, and his life near its end.
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' A newly forged blade lay by his side, listening attentively to his final words.
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... that was the blade's memory, wasn't it?
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Indeed. While in exile in Snezhnaya, the bladesmith eventually learned the truth behind everything that had happened. The Isshin Art had been dealt a devastating blow by the desertion of its best smiths.
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' He spent the rest of his life in the forge, not to vent his frustration and hatred, but to atone for his actions.
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' He felt intense regret at being tricked by the Fatui, but he could never again return to his homeland. His sole wish was to one day return his single proudest creation back to the land of his birth.
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' So he instructed this sentient blade to find a way back to Inazuma, no matter how long or how hard the journey. But he never wished to rival the gods...
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' All he wanted to show was that they once shone brilliantly as blade and smith, that they were still worthy of being trusted.
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's the true story...
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But after that, the blacksmith's intentions were warped by the Tatarigami, slowly turning his proud creation into the cursed blade of today.
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Right. I believe the bladesmith might never have known that the power he worked with was that of the Tatarigami. The hatred within that power is what sent the blade down its ill-fated path.
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' This blade has committed unforgivable atrocities, but only because it lost its original master. No one was there to correct its errors when it was losing its way.
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Shame it's too late now.
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 kazuha 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes, it is too late.
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 kazuha 12.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Time would not wait or stop because of his determination. While the world moved on, his ambition remained stubbornly stuck at that fleeting moment at the dawn of his journey.
:{{A|vo wylq103 8 kazuha 13.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' He seems to have calmed down though. Let's go and check in.

;(Talk to the Prized Isshin Blade)
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 01.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' When I look back at the past, I can remember the day of my forging like it was just yesterday.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 02.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' I once told him that I would pay any price to fulfill his wishes, such was the debt I owed to him for giving me the gift of consciousness.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 03.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' But darkness and slaughter numb the mind. Over time, I lost sight of the difference between gratitude and grudge.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 04.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Not only did I fail to fulfill his ambition... I also defiled it...
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' You are finally seeing reality clearly.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 05.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Since we agreed to the terms of the bet, I will honor the agreement, and release Amenoma Yuuya.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 06.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' But I still cannot bring myself to forsake his ambition. It is the entire purpose for my existence.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 07.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' So, may I ask you to help me fulfill the ambitions of myself and my creator?
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, now you're adding yours into the mix, too? Geez, don't push your luck mister!
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 08.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' It has to be done in this order. At least hear what I have to say... and if you don't agree, I will still release Amenoma Yuuya as promised.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 09.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' My physical form, as well as the knowledge I possess, should still be of some value to you.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' His attitude has grown a lot milder...
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you think, Kazuha? Should we give him a chance?
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Let's hear it.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 10.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Thank you all. When I was first forged, my maker was already terminally ill. He told me that he had wanted me to have the grandest opening battle.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 11.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Alas, after that, he never rose from his sickbed again...
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 12.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Nor have I ever had the chance to prove myself in battle since.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 13.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' My fights were devoid of any noble meaning. They were merely the next step in my never-ending journey... the next in a long line of transgressions.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 14.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' You are a fine warrior. I would like to request your hand in battle, and experience a true duel between samurai.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Oh, and who would be the opponent?
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 15.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' I will release Amenoma Yuuya, and restore his consciousness. Perhaps after that, you can convince him to commit to a fight with you.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kagotsurubeisshin 16.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' He must have plenty of reasons to both hate me and desire a good fight.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Understood. Then let's start by waking him up and seeing if he has the stamina and will to fight.

:'''Amenoma Yuuya finally regains consciousness. The party explains the situation to him.'''

:{{A|vo wylq103 9 amenomayuuya 01.ogg}} '''Amenoma Yuuya:''' I see. He used my body... to inflict harm on others.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 amenomayuuya 02.ogg}} '''Amenoma Yuuya:''' I utterly despise him and his actions, but since he stayed true to your agreement by releasing me, he must still have some remaining semblance of honor.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 amenomayuuya 03.ogg}} '''Amenoma Yuuya:''' If a duel can help to set this state of affairs in order, I am willing to put myself forward.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 amenomayuuya 04.ogg}} '''Amenoma Yuuya:''' I do not wish to be a mere victim in this story.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's no need to worry, we'll vouch for your innocence to the Tenryou Commission!
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 amenomayuuya 05.ogg}} '''Amenoma Yuuya:''' Thanks for your help. Who knows how this would have ended without your intervention.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Alright, then let's move on.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' More ronin could appear at any moment. We can't stay here.
:{{A|vo wylq103 9 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' In any case, for a final duel, I think we should aim for a greater sense of ceremony.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Having recognized that he is not on the same level as Kazuha, the cursed blade releases Amenoma Yuuya and seems to have contained his malice for now, though his obsession has not thus diminished...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo wylq103 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This reminds Paimon a bit of The Crux Clash.
:{{DIcon}} That was a much more relaxed occasion.
:{{A|vo wylq103 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, we still can't let our guard down, even now. Paimon has a sneaking suspicion that blade hasn't told us everything...
:{{A|vo wylq103 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still... even if he's way past the point of redemption, it's hard not to feel a teensy bit sorry for him.
:{{A|vo wylq103 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you ready?
:{{A|vo wylq103 10 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Ready?
:{{A|vo wylq103 10 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...Okay. Alright then.
:{{A|vo wylq103 10 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Successor of Isshin Art, Kaedehara Kazuha.
:{{A|vo wylq103 10 amenomayuuya 01.ogg}} '''Amenoma Yuuya:''' Successor of Amenoma Art, Amenoma Yuuya.
:{{A|vo wylq103 10 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Honored to cross blades with you.
:{{A|vo wylq103 10 amenomayuuya 02.ogg}} '''Amenoma Yuuya:''' It is my honor also.
----
;(After defeating Amenoma Yuuya)
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 amenomayuuya 01.ogg}} '''Amenoma Yuuya:''' ...Thank you for the experience.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 amenomayuuya 02.ogg}} '''Amenoma Yuuya:''' Although he appears battered and broken, in your hands, it seems he's regained a glimmer of brilliance.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 amenomayuuya 03.ogg}} '''Amenoma Yuuya:''' His sense of savage cruelty has completely faded away, but that same sense of determination remains strong.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' You also fought well. I'm sure he relished the experience.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' There are a few things that I shall leave him to tell you himself.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 kagotsurubeisshin 01.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' I must apologize to you for all that has transpired.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 amenomayuuya 04.ogg}} '''Amenoma Yuuya:''' You need not seek my forgiveness, nor do I have the right to forgive you on your victims' behalf.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 amenomayuuya 05.ogg}} '''Amenoma Yuuya:''' It is too late for all of that.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 kagotsurubeisshin 02.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' I do not wish for forgiveness. I only hope that you will see my transgressions as mine alone, and not let them stain the legacy of Isshin Art.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 kagotsurubeisshin 03.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' I strayed far from the straight and narrow path, but the Isshin Art still has a worthy successor in Kaedehara Kazuha.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 kagotsurubeisshin 04.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' I beseech you... please understand this.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 amenomayuuya 06.ogg}} '''Amenoma Yuuya:''' Yes. I, too, trust Mr. Kaedehara to do the right thing.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 kagotsurubeisshin 05.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Thank you, successor of Amenoma Art.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' This blade has also told me that he has another wish: He would like to visit the Amenoma Smithy.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Maybe we can go back there together.
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What does he want to go there for?
:{{A|vo wylq103 11 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I'm not sure. But I think that all this is about to come to an end.
----
;(Approach Amenoma Smithy)
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 amenomatoogo 01.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Ah, it's Yuuya! You have returned!
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 amenomayuuya 01.ogg}} '''Amenoma Yuuya:''' I am sorry to have troubled you. It's all thanks to them that I was able to return safely.

:'''You tell Amenoma Tougo about the various things that happened.'''

:{{A|vo wylq103 12 amenomatoogo 02.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' A prized Isshin blade, turned weapon that controls the human mind...
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 amenomatoogo 03.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' *sigh* Considering their forging philosophy, this was indeed within the realm of possibility. This is a great pity.
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 amenomatoogo 04.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' But I have some good news as well. Ryuuji from the Bantan Sango Detective Agency tells me that they've found the missing Mr. Nagato.
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Is he okay?
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 amenomatoogo 05.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Yes. Badly wounded, but he will live.
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 amenomatoogo 06.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' And now that Yuuya is back... it seems like the final ending to this story is a happy one after all.
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...I think I know what you want to do.
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong, Kazuha? Is the blade whispering in your ear again?
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes... he said, he wants to take control of me for a brief moment.
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? No way! Hasn't it learned its lesson?
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' He tells me that he's thought of another way to fulfill his maker's wish. And he assures me that he won't use my body for anything nefarious.
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I've decided... to let him do it.
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You...! But...! He...! Ugh, guess there's nothing we can say to change your mind, huh?
:{{DIcon}} The decision is yours.
:{{DIcon}} I trust your judgment.
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Thank you. I will explain my reasons later.
:{{A|vo wylq103 12 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Okay, I am ready. Let us begin, please stay true to your promise.
{{Cutscene Description|Putting forth the last remnants of its power, the prized Isshin blade exhorts Kaedehara Kazuha to go to the anvil in the smithy. Its final wish is to be reforged at the cost of everything that comprises its present consciousness. At its instruction, Kazuha hammers and forges, and the red blade slowly regains its luster. In this manner is the Isshin Art at last revived and continued...}}
;(A cinematic begins)
:;(Kazuha picks up the Prized Isshin Blade and a purple glow takes over Kazuha's eyes)
:;(He awakes in a [[Realm of Consciousness|realm of consciousness]])
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kagotsurubeisshin 01.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' My power is almost spent. Without him, my eventual demise is inevitable
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kagotsurubeisshin 02.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' But if I abandon the future to give everything I have in this moment, my physical form can be forged anew
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' "Everything"... you mean...?
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kagotsurubeisshin 03.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Yes, the cost is my entire consciousness
:;(The Prized Isshin Blade, as Kazuha, awakes in the real world and begins to reforge the sword)
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kagotsurubeisshin 04.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' You were right, there's nothing that I can accomplish now
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kagotsurubeisshin 05.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' But there's still a chance for Isshin Art
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kagotsurubeisshin 06.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Once remade, I will be a valuable resource for your studies
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kagotsurubeisshin 07.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Isshin lives on, and its finest hour is yet to come
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kagotsurubeisshin 08.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Even if I am not the one to prove its might to the Shogun...
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kagotsurubeisshin 09.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' As long as it is an Isshin blade, crafted by Kaedehara hands...
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kagotsurubeisshin 10.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' It will still fulfill his final wish
:;(In the realm of consciousness)
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kagotsurubeisshin 11.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Thank you, son of the Kaedehara Clan
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kagotsurubeisshin 12.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' Over the years, my real name has been forgotten by all. I'm ashamed to utter it, yet it remains strong in my mind:
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kagotsurubeisshin 13.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' "Kagotsurube Isshin"
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kagotsurubeisshin 14.ogg}} '''Prized Isshin Blade:''' This name is now yours to keep...
:;(The purple glow in Kazuha's eyes fades away)
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hm
:{{A|vo wylq103 cs kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Rest in peace
:;(Cinematic ends)

:'''After leaving the Amenoma Smithy, you learn of the blade's final words from Kazuha.'''

:{{A|vo wylq103 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's why he said it had to be done in that order...
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' His consciousness will disappear forever after fulfilling the bladesmith's wish.
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' "Kagotsurube Isshin"... It was the first time I ever heard his name.
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It seems like deep down, he disapproved of his own actions, and thus chose to bury this name deep within his heart.
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Only in the final moments before his consciousness faded was he willing to entrust it to another.
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like he really, really wanted to fulfill his maker's wish...
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The same fervent ambition that gave him the motivation to keep going forward also fueled the stubborn determination that blinded him to the path ahead.
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Speaking for myself, I'd rather see him recognize and atone for his mistakes than see him punished for them.
:{{DIcon}} Too dangerous, if you ask me.
:{{DIcon}} The remnants of defeated gods are nothing to scoff at.
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I understand. Perhaps this is a flaw in my personality... I've always been captivated by grand aspirations.
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hearing his wish to rival the divine light touched something inside of me, just as the sight of those who fought to repeal the Vision Hunt Decree did...
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Your quest to face the gods and trace your sibling inspires me in the same way.
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' After everything I've seen, perhaps these pursuits fascinate me a little more than they should.
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Kazuha...
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I will continue to support you from this point on. Know that you will have my assistance whenever you need it.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{DIcon}} I'll hold you to your word!
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, shouldn't we also go update Kujou Kamaji?
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 kazuha 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Oh, you're right. We need to tell him about the findings of our investigation.
:{{A|vo wylq103 13 kazuha 12.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' And it's also time to give him a response to the offer he made me.
----
;(Talk to Kujou Kamaji)
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kujoukamaji 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' You have returned! I hear that the issue has been resolved. Though this was a treacherous investigation indeed, we are most fortunate that no lives were lost.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kujoukamaji 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' The Tenryou Commission has already attended to the danger at the warehouse. The investigation into Amenoma Yuuya should conclude soon, I do not believe he will be charged with any crime.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you sure kept your ear to the ground.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Then we needn't recount all the details again. Now, as to your earlier offer, I wish to give you my answer... please take a look at this blade.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kujoukamaji 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' What's this?
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' "Kagotsurube Isshin," a weapon crafted using a long-lost blade forging art of the Kaedehara Clan.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' By means of a series of fortuitous events, I was able to recover and restore him. I also promised him that I will continue to study and pass on the secrets of Isshin Art.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' And so, it looks like I will likely continue with my journey across the nations, learning more about this blade as I go.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kujoukamaji 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I see... I understand.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The Kaedehara Clan has always been a family of bladesmiths, so it is only proper for me to continue on this path.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Were I to accept your goodwill, I may find myself embroiled in conflicts between the Shogunate and Sangonomiya. That would not suit me.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kujoukamaji 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Ah, you misunderstand, that was most certainly not our intent...
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I am aware, but I still desire to continue walking my own path.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kujoukamaji 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Very well. I can understand. Then let's pretend this offer was never raised.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kujoukamaji 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' However, if you should ever change your mind, or find yourself in need of the Shogunate's assistance, please do not hesitate to inform me.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Great, thank you for your generosity.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where will you travel to next, Kazuha?
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hmm... I'll probably take to the seas with Captain Beidou again for now.
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' As for my next destination...
:{{A|vo wylq103 14 kazuha 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Let's see where the wind takes me.
:;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Kujou Kamaji again)
:{{A|vo dialog wylq103 kujoukamaji 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Mr. Nagato's survival is the one silver lining in this whole catastrophe.
:{{A|vo dialog wylq103 kujoukamaji 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' We will continue to monitor his condition, and hope he recovers soon.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/QXe1mutvJAs
|caption1 = Occupied Hold Domain Guide (3 Chests)
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ere the End, a Glance Back
|zhs     = 穷途望归路
|zhs_rm  = Qióngtú Wàng Guīlù
|zht     = 窮途望歸路
|zht_rm  = Qióngtú Wàng Guīlù
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 窮途に帰路を求めて
|ja_rm   = Kyuuto ni Kiro wo Motomete{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Wishing to Go Back Home by the Dead End Road
|ko      = 궁지에서 나오는 길
|ko_rm   = Gungjieseo Naoneun Gil
|ko_tl   = Way to Get out of the Corner
|es      = Una mirada atrás al final del camino
|es_tl   = A Glance Back At the End of the Road
|fr      = Un regard en arrière avant la fin
|fr_tl   = A Glance Back Before the End
|ru      = Конец пути
|ru_tl   = The End of the Road
|th      = หวนกลับท่ามกลางความสิ้นหวัง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ngõ Cụt Mong Đường Về
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = In Verzweiflung verborgener Heimweg
|de_tl   = In Despair Shrouded Way Home
|id      = Di Saat Akhir, Menoleh ke Belakang
|id_tl   = At the End, Looking Back
|pt      = Um Olhar para Trás Antes do Fim
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yaklaşırken Sona, Geçmişe Bir Bakış
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Prima della fine, uno sguardo indietro
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Una mirada atrás al final del camino]]