{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Inspector Eroch.png
|type             = Manga-Only
|affiliation      = Knights of Favonius
|affiliationNote  = formerly
|region           = Mondstadt
|title2           = Inspector
|titleNote2       = formerly
}}
'''Eroch''' was a former Inspector for the [[Knights of Favonius]], and was most notably the reason why [[Diluc]] left the Knights of Favonius four years before the start of the game.

==Profile==
As an Inspector, Eroch had a relatively high level of authority within the Knights of Favonius and could order Diluc &mdash; a Captain at the time &mdash; to cover up the truth behind [[Ursa the Drake]]'s defeat and the reason for his father [[Crepus]]' death. This abuse of authority, which Eroch falsely claimed was to protect the Knights' reputation, led Diluc to resign in a fit of rage.<ref name="Manga 9">{{Ref/Manga|9}}</ref><ref name="Diluc CS3">{{Ref/CS|Diluc|3}}</ref>

After [[Jean]] reported the incident to Grand Master [[Varka]], he ordered an investigation into Eroch.<ref name="Kaeya Letters 1-3">Event [[Hidden Strife]] Optional Letters: [[Hidden Strife/Story#Letters in Dawn Winery|A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (I)&ndash;(III)]]</ref> Eroch was found to be a traitor and was "punished severely,"<ref name="Elegant Handwriting">{{Ref/Quest|All's Well That Ends Well (Quest)|note=A Letter With Elegant Handwriting}}</ref> although his punishment and ultimate fate are unknown.

==Story==
Little is known about Eroch or his role in the Knights of Favonius before the incident four years ago. However, one of [[Kaeya]]'s letters to Diluc following the incident suggests that even without the incident, Jean was going to have to deal with Eroch sooner or later if she were to become Master of the Knights.<ref name="Kaeya Letters 1-3" /><ref group="Note">In the Chinese version of A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (III), Kaeya says {{Zh|伊洛克本来也是她执权路上绕不过的坎|tl=Eroch has been unavoidable roadblock on her path to power to begin with, anyways.}}</ref>

Four years ago, on Diluc's eighteenth birthday, Fatui-backed saboteurs lured Ursa the Drake into attacking the Dawn Winery's caravan, which contained both Diluc and Crepus. Diluc could not defeat the drake even with his [[Vision]], but Crepus used a [[Delusion]] to defeat it at the cost of his own life. After returning to the Knights of Favonius headquarters, Eroch ordered Diluc to cover the incident up to protect the Knights' reputation. Diluc was enraged by this order and immediately resigned from the Knights,<ref name="Manga 9" /><ref name="Diluc CS3" /> with Eroch subsequently claiming credit for defeating the drake. However, Jean reported the matter to [[Varka]], who had his inner circle investigate the incident.<ref name="Kaeya Letters 1-3" /> After discovering that Eroch had betrayed them, Varka conferred her with the authority to punish Eroch as she saw fit.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|All's Well That Ends Well (Quest)|note=A Letter With Rough Handwriting}}</ref>

While Eroch was "punished severely"<ref name="Elegant Handwriting" /> and discharged from the Knights of Favonius,<ref>{{Ref/CS|Diluc|5}}</ref> his allies inside Mondstadt continued trying to undermine the Knights' authority. Jean was promoted to Master of the Knights and successfully uprooted the traitors while also fending off the Fatui,<ref name="Jean Vision">{{Ref/CS|Jean|Vision}}</ref> which had gained influence in Mondstadt after [[Dottore]] slew Ursa the Drake.<ref>{{Ref/Manga|1}}</ref> These accomplishments caused Jean to gain a Vision.<ref name="Jean Vision" />

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
* Eroch and Diluc's meeting about Ursa the Drake was held in an office usually used by [[Amber's Grandfather]], leading [[Amber]] &mdash; who was not yet a member of the Knights of Favonius at the time, but had been hiding in a cupboard to prank her grandfather when he returned &mdash; to overhear the entire conversation.<ref>{{Ref/Manga|8}}</ref> Sometime later within that year, her grandfather disappeared, leading people to suspect he had turned traitor.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Amber|3}}</ref> It is currently unknown whether his disappearance was related to the events unfolding around Eroch.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Eroch
|zhs     = 伊洛克
|zhs_rm  = Yīluòkè
|zht     = 伊洛克
|zht_rm  = Yīluòkè
|ja      = イロック
|ja_rm   = Irokku
|ko      = 일록
|es      = Eroch
|fr      = Eroch
|ru      = Эрох
|th      = Eroch
|vi      = Eroch
|de      = Eroch
|id      = Eroch
|pt      = Eroch
|tr      = Eroch
|it      = Eroch
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Eroch]]
[[ja:イロック]]
[[th:Eroch]]