{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Lore
}}
'''Erosion''' is a general term for the process of getting mentally {{wt|erosion|eroded|English}}, or worn down, by a combination of factors affecting someone's life, including natural memory loss as well as emotional loss or experiencing traumatic events. Eventually, erosion will cause a person to lose their sense of self. Even powerful, long-lived beings like [[gods]] and elemental [[dragon]]s are susceptible to erosion.

==Effects of Erosion==
Erosion naturally occurs over time and is both caused by and causes the loss of memories. Eventually, it will result in the loss of one's consciousness and sense of self, making them more irritable and suspect to explosive fits of rage; as a result, the more powerful a person is, the more dangerous they become under the effects of erosion. [[Zhongli]], the current form of the former Geo Archon [[Morax]], indirectly confirms the [[Traveler]]'s suspicions that erosion was one of his motivations for stepping down from his position.<ref name="ZL2P3">{{Ref/Quest|Amidst Chaos, the Rock Is Unmoved}}</ref>

Currently, the only entity known to have completely succumbed to erosion is [[Azhdaha]]. He lost his memories of Morax, [[Liyue Harbor]], and his coexistence with humanity despite Morax's attempts to delay Azhdaha's erosion. Mining at [[The Chasm]] damaged the [[ley line]]s, which inflicted pain on Azhdaha. Already irritable from the effects of erosion, Azhdaha flew into a rage and lashed out at the miners, forcing Morax and three of the [[adepti]] to seal him away underneath the [[Dragon-Queller]]. With what little consciousness he had left, Azhdaha willingly allowed himself to be sealed away; however, over time, erosion wore away his memories of his choice, leading him to believe Morax a tyrant.<ref name="ZL2P3" />

==Preventing Erosion==
{{Quote|Morax shared with us some of his power, to prevent further erosion. But... it was futile. Everything returns to dust. It is the natural order, an unstoppable force.|[[Azhdaha]] (through [[Kun Jun]]), about erosion<ref name="ZL2P3" />}}
Two attempts at stalling or circumventing erosion have been mentioned.

The first is Zhongli's attempt to halt Azhdaha's erosion by sharing his powers with Azhdaha, which ultimately failed. According to Azhdaha and [[Zhongli]], erosion is part of the "natural order" and is "imposed" by the [[Heavenly Principles]].<ref name="ZL2P3" />

The second is [[Ei]]'s creation of [[the Shogun]], an autonomous puppet designed with the explicit purpose of withstanding erosion.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Raiden Shogun|About the Raiden Shogun: Eternity}}</ref> Following the losses she sustained during the [[cataclysm]], Ei became fixated on "eternity," hoping to preserve Inazuma's prosperity forever. Aware that her spirit was susceptible to erosion, she created the Shogun, who would rule [[Inazuma]] in her stead while she secluded herself within the [[Plane of Euthymia]] to stave off erosion through meditation.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Raiden Shogun|4}}</ref> Because Ei believed she could potentially become an enemy of eternity herself, she deliberately made the Shogun's operational rules difficult to change even by herself, as change would not be conducive towards eternity.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Lonesome Euthymia}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Erosion
|zhs      = 磨损
|zhs_rm   = Mósǔn
|zht      = 磨損
|zht_rm   = Mósǔn
|zh_tl    = Abrasion
|ja       = 摩耗
|ja_rm    = Mamou<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Amidst Chaos, the Rock Is Unmoved|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl    = Abrasion
|ko       = {{tt|마모|磨耗}}
|ko_rm    = Mamo
|ko_tl    = Abrasion
|es       = Erosión
|es_tl    = Erosion
|fr       = Érosion
|fr_tl    = Erosion
|ru       = Эрозия
|ru_tl    = Erosion
|th       = การสึกกร่อน<!--also การสึกหรอ, สึกกร่อน-->
|th_rm    = Kan suek kron
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = {{tt|Sự|事}} Mài Mòn
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Erosion
|id       = Erosi
|id_tl    = Erosion
|pt       = Erosão
|pt_tl    = Erosion
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox}}