{{CharacterTabs}}
<!--{{Quote|Official description|Description from the Official Website<ref>Official Genshin Impact Website: [LINK <character name>]</ref>}}-->
==Personality==
<!--{{Quote|In-game text|In-game character attributes and profile page text}}-->
Escoffier is the owner of an unnamed restaurant that frequently places orders with the [[Collective of Plenty]] for [[Varesa]]'s fruits. She is very strict with the quality of the food she uses and her dishes; she examines her orders meticulously, rejecting it completely if she discovers even just one imperfection in the order.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Varesa|About Escoffier}}</ref>  These standards have resulted in her being extremely strict and gathering a reputation as the "demon chef", with even the tiniest lapse of judgement resulting in a quick and harsh scolding from her.

==Appearance==
<!-- {{See also|character's outfit(s), default first}}
<!-- Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 3-4 sentences. Outfits should be described on the outfit pages. -->
Escoffier has pale skin, and bluish cyan eyes with pink pupils. She has long, hip-length curled light ginger hair with a small white chef hat with ruffles and a dark teal ribbon wrapped around the chef hat and a gold heart-shaped metal design and black part with gold rims along with two small teal blue bows. Attached to the bow is her {{Cryo}} Vision.

She also wears white apron-dress like layer having cutouts on the sides with white and gold ruffles having large golden buttons, white cuffs having maroon frills and a maroon, blackish gray dark purple and white skirt with a bow having white lines on the purple ruffle parts, the back parts are black with sliver designs and extend slightly farther down, Thigh-high white sheer stockings with white lines and bow and heart designs, Black heels with gold accents and teal soles.

Additionally, Escoffier wears the Self-Adapting Movement Signal Tracking Support Mek on her back. It is shaped like a tail, and many people often mistake it as one.

==Official Introduction==
<!-- Article from Hoyolab -->
{{Official Introduction
|title     = Frosting and Bake, the Best Taste to Make
|link      = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/37959168
|character = Escoffier
}}
{{Quote|The Fairy of Fondant Felicity? The Towering Tyrant of Taste? Oh, Escoffier's hardly the terror the papers make her out to be. She simply loves cooking, and she can be a bit... strict about it. Is it so surprising that she doesn't respect those who don't take cooking seriously? Don't worry, I just know you'll get along — like cinnamon and vanilla!}}
For a long time, [[The Steambird]]'s Gourmet Column has been known by food afficionados as a culinary weathervane. As a regular feature on this column, Escoffier, the ex-Head Chef of [[Hotel Debord]], and her "precision gastronomy" are all the more famed in Fontaine.

In the process of "analyzing," "extracting," and "harmonizing," she has not only deconstructed Fontainian views on "flavor" but even their foundational cognition of "tastiness." Thusly disassembled and reconstructed, the secret code constituting the sense of taste has been redefined in delicacy upon the very tips of their tongues.

Critics have never been stingy with praise for this genius chef, but neither have they ever shied away from the controversies surrounding her. Escoffier's image as one meticulous in both the kitchen and its management has proved long-lasting, while her merciless critiques of both colleagues and apprentices have made her quite the hot topic in the culinary world...
<!--
==Character Stories==
{{Character Story
|title1        = Character Details
|text1         = 
|mention1      = 

|title2        = Character Story 1
|friendship2   = 2
|quest2        = 
|other2        = 
|text2         = 
|mention2      = 

|title3        = Character Story 2
|friendship3   = 3
|quest3        = 
|other3        = 
|text3         = 
|mention3      = 

|title4        = Character Story 3
|friendship4   = 4
|quest4        = 
|other4        = 
|text4         = 
|mention4      = 

|title5        = Character Story 4
|friendship5   = 5
|quest5        = 
|other5        = 
|text5         = 
|mention5      = 

|title6        = Character Story 5
|friendship6   = 6
|quest6        = 
|other6        = 
|text6         = 
|mention6      = 

|title7        = 
|friendship7   = 4
|quest7        = 
|other7        = 
|text7         = 
|mention7      = 

|title8        = Vision
|friendship8   = 6
|quest8        = 
|other8        = 
|text8         = 
|mention8      = 
}}

==Namecard==
{{Namecard|Insert namecard name}}
-->
==Constellation==
{{Constellation Lore|Dulciaria Structura}}
<!--
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Character Trials==
{{Trials by Character}}
-->
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Mail==
{{Mails by Category List|noheader=1}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* Given her role as the owner of a restaurant, Escoffier is most likely named after French {{w|Chef|chef}}, {{w|Restaurateur|restaurateur}} and culinary writer {{w|Auguste Escoffier}}. 

==Other Languages==
===Character Title: Tasteful Excellence===
{{Other Languages
|en       = Tasteful Excellence
|zhs      = 明绚千韵
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 明絢千韻
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 絢爛のフレーバー
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 화려한 맛<->의 화음
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = La Guinda del Pastel
|es_tl    = The Icing on the Cake
|fr       = Exquise excellence
|fr_tl    = Exquisite Excellence
|ru       = Изысканное великолепие
|ru_tl    = Exquisite Magnificence
|th       = ท่วงทำนองเลิศรส
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Muôn Hương Hòa Quyện
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Kulinarischer Glanz
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Tasteful Excellence
|pt       = Brilho de Mil Melodias
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Lezzette Mükemmeliyet
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Eccellenza di sapori
|it_tl    = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Character Navbox|link type=lore}}

[[ja:エスコフィエ/ストーリー]]
[[ru:Эскофье/Лор]]
[[th:Escoffier/เนื้อเรื่อง]]
[[tr:Escoffier/Hikaye]]
[[vi:Escoffier/Cốt Truyện]]