{{Quest Infobox
|id             = 74658
|image          = Etienne Icon.png
|type           = World
|group          = Request
|region         = Fontaine
|area           = Belleau Region
|subarea        = Romaritime Harbor
|startLocation  = [[Romaritime Harbor]], [[Fontaine]]
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep            = Fontaine
|characters     = Etienne; Baguette; Traveler
}}
'''''Etienne's Raw Meat Request''''' is a [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
# Give 8 servings of Raw Meat to Etienne

==Request Details==
"Tales of Humanity":<br>
Raising dogs is hard work. My Baguette never seems to run out of energy.<br>
Every day I'm completely shattered after finishing work, but Baguette somehow still wants to go out for a walk!<br>
I don't even have the strength to go out and buy more dog food for the following day...<br>
If someone could bring over some fresh {{Color|buzzword|Raw Meat}} to my place that would be much appreciated. I'd even be willing to pay extra!

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Etienne needs 8 servings of Raw Meat.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Raw Meat...
:'''Etienne:''' Phew... My savior! You're finally here.
:'''Etienne:''' You've brought all the raw meat, right? Hand them over. I'll get Baguette's dish done and go to rest.
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Raw Meat is ready.
::'''Etienne:''' Great, thanks. This is for you, Player. I can finally cook something nice this time.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Etienne:''' Then could I trouble you to hurry up a little? I'm really tired, and just want to go get some rest.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Etienne's Raw Meat Request
|zhs     = 安托万的兽肉需求
|zhs_rm  = Āntuōwàn de Shòuròu Xūqiú
|zht     = 安托萬的獸肉需求
|zht_rm  = Āntuōwàn de Shòuròu Xūqiú
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = アントワーヌの獣肉のリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Antowaanu no Kemononiku no Rikuesuto
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 앙투완<->의 짐승고기 의뢰
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Carne cruda para Étienne
|es_tl   = Raw Meat for Etienne
|fr      = De la viande pour Étienne
|fr_tl   = Meat for Etienne
|ru      = Сырое мясо для Этьена
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = คำขอ Raw Meat ของ Etienne
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Yêu Cầu Về Thịt Của Etienne
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Étiennes Bitte um rohes Fleisch
|de_tl   = Etienne's Request for Raw Meat
|id      = Daging Untuk Etienne
|id_tl   = Meat for Etienne
|pt      = Encomenda de Carne Crua de Etienne
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Etienne'nin Çiğ Et İsteği
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La richiesta di carne cruda di Étienne
|it_tl   = Étienne's Raw Meat Request
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

[[ja:アントワーヌの獣肉のリクエスト]]