{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = 
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Gurabad
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = Nefumat
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Etta''' was a woman who lived in [[Gurabad]] during the reign of [[Parvezravan]].

==Profile==
Etta was a maid conscripted from the desert populace during Parvezravan's reign. She was the lover of [[Nefumat]], a slave, and they longed to escape Parvezravan and one day find freedom.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Record of Lamb-Devourer Rock}}</ref> They were conscripted on the same day and sent to work at two different sites in the [[Hypostyle Desert]].

The two managed to meet several times by giving various excuses to be absent from work, which are transcribed in the sites' leave of absence tablets as happening on the same days with the same excuses. By the 25th day both were given final warnings to stop slacking, or else be expelled from Gurabad. On day 26, Nefumat fled from his worksite and was branded a fugitive. It is suggested that he fled to Etta's worksite: that day, Etta convinced the overseers at her worksite to allow a "very clever friend" of hers to work there, which was accepted.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Transparent Ruins Record (I)}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Item|Transparent Ruins Record (II)}}</ref>

Nefumat and Etta were likely the parents of the unnamed architect of [[Aaru's Shut]], who called himself the "product of a tryst between a fugitive and a maid." The architect's father died during the destruction of Gurabad orchestrated by [[Liloupar]], though the architect and his mother both survived. The architect's mother was convinced that [[King Deshret]] had destroyed Gurabad, and she carried that belief for the rest of her life.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Record of Aaru's Shut}}</ref>

<!-- 
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Etta
|zhs     = 埃泰
|zhs_rm  = Āitài
|zht     = 埃泰
|zht_rm  = Āitài
|ja      = エテイ
|ja_rm   = Etei
|ko      = 에타
|es      = Etta
|fr      = Etta
|ru      = Этта
|th      = Etta
|vi      = Etta
|de      = Etta
|id      = Etta
|pt      = Etta
|tr      = Etta
|it      = Etta
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}