{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Euergetia.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Remuria
|title            = Harmost

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = [[Cassiodor]] (brother)
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Euergetia''', also referred to as the '''benefactrix''',<ref name="E3">Interactable, Caesareum Palace: [[Caesareum Palace#Ancient Engravings #3|Ancient Engravings #3]]</ref> was one of the four [[Harmost]]s of [[Remuria]] before its downfall.

==Profile==
Euergetia is described as kindhearted by [[Cassiodor]], and the two of them had a sibling-like relationship.<ref>Interactable, Hortus Euergetis: [[Hortus Euergetis#Ancient Engravings|Ancient Engravings]]</ref> She was very knowledgeable about the nature of the "false and true celestial signs,"<ref>Interactable, Faded Castle: [[Faded Castle#Harmost's Notes (I)|Harmost's Notes (I)]]</ref> and she believed [[Erinnyes (NPC)|Erinnyes]] did not believe in any [[god]] at all, stating that no religious person would commit atrocities in the name of a god.<ref name="Northern">Interactable, Faded Castle: [[Faded Castle#Investigation of the Northern Barbarians|Investigation of the Northern Barbarians]]</ref>

After she perished during the destruction of Remuria, [[Boethius]] wished to revive Remuria with her, but he was unable to.<ref name="FCSN">Interactable, Faded Castle: [[Faded Castle#Someone's Notes|Someone's Notes]]</ref>

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Story==
As a Harmost of Remuria, Euergetia had "universally known benevolence and authority", ordering the Vicarius of Legio VI Rithimi Versi, Hirtius, to compile an investigation on the society and beliefs of the northern barbarians.<ref name="Northern" />

At some point, she entrusted Legio VI Rithimi Versi to Boethius.<ref>Interactable: [[Caesareum Palace#Ancient Engravings #1|Ancient Engravings #1]]</ref> They intercepted [[Scylla]]'s assault on Remuria, and during this time, Euergetia used blood and the bones of someone or something else to forge the chains that bound [[Scylla]].<ref>Interactable, Caesareum Palace: [[Caesareum Palace#Ancient Engravings #2|Ancient Engravings #2]]</ref><ref group="Note">The original Chinese text ({{zh|…大调律师优恩尼娅以血与（难以辨识）之骨所锻的三条锁链…}}) does not specify whether the blood belonged to Euergetia or someone else, leaving it open to interpretation.</ref>

Unbeknownst to most Remurians, Scylla's invasion was part of [[Remus]]' plan to destroy [[Phobos]] by causing his own death and having Scylla control the power that would be unleashed with the Requiem. With Scylla sealed, the resulting explosion destroyed Remuria,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Gradus ad Capitolium}}</ref> and Euergetia was among the casualties.<ref name="FCSN" />

===Legacy===
Following Euergetia's death, the Remurian soldier Aetius recorded an epitaph, extolling Legio VI's loyalty and dedication to both Remuria and Euergetia.<ref name="E3" />

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* The name Euergetia likely comes from the epithet ''Euergetes'' (feminine: ''Euergetis''), a title given to benefactors.
** The epithet comes from the practice of ''Euergetism'', where wealthy individuals would donate part of their wealth to their community.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Euergetia
|zhs     = 优恩尼娅
|zhs_rm  = Yōu'ēnníyà
|zht     = 優恩尼婭
|zht_rm  = Yōu'ēnníyà
|ja      = ユーレゲティア
|ko      = 에우르게테아
|es      = Evergetia
|fr      = Euergetia
|ru      = Эвергетия
|th      = Euergetia
|vi      = Euergetia
|de      = Euergetia
|id      = Euergetia
|pt      = Euergetia
|tr      = Euergetia
|it      = Euergetia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}