{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 14008
|image         = Story Quest Ever-Surging Memories.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Diluvies Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = The Remains of the Past Day
|character     = Neuvillette
|startLocation = [[Fountain of Lucine]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Fountain of Lucine
|prev          = A Familiar Threat
|next          = In a New Light
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*550;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|characters    = Arnim; Arouet; Baderico; Blathine; Boileau; Bruno; Carole; Clodomir; Clotaire; Cooper; Corneille; Delphine; Esseim; Gravier; Hagihara; Herbier; Irimia; Faustier; Lori; Lothaire; Massena; Navia; Neuvillette; Oudinot; Paimon; Prume; Rastignac; Serrurier; Simone; Suavegothe; Tetreaux; Thibert; Traveler; Vautrin; Veleda
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Ever-Surging Memories''' is the second part of {{Quest|The Remains of the Past Day}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Fountain of Lucine]]
# Explore the nearby area
# Return to the [[Palais Mermonia]]
# Look for suspicious documents
# Meet up with [[Navia]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 2, the player will be in a special story mode where the party is limited to the Traveler and all actions are restricted except for walking, climbing, and Quest Navigation.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Neuvillette comes up with another way to investigate &mdash; using his powers to search for memories and emotions within the Fountain of Lucine. You hope everything goes as planned...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Boileau, optional)
:{{A|vo sllq002 1 boileau 01.ogg}} '''Boileau:''' Monsieur Neuvillette?

;(Talk to Boileau, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 boileau 01.ogg}} '''Boileau:''' Are they headed towards the Fountain of Lucine?

;(Approach Corneille, optional)
:{{A|vo sllq002 2 corneille 01.ogg}} '''Corneille:''' I probably shouldn't disturb them...

;(Talk to Corneille, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 corneille 01.ogg}} '''Corneille:''' I wonder what's going on...

;(Approach the Fountain of Lucine)
:{{A|vo sllq002 5 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Looks like we got lucky today &mdash; there's hardly anyone around.
:{{A|vo sllq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What should we do next?
:{{A|vo sllq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, can you still hear voices from the fountain?
:{{DIcon}} Not really.
:{{DIcon}} Should I drink more Primordial Seawater?
:{{A|vo sllq002 5 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Perhaps leave the investigation to me. I need you to take a few steps back and keep a safe distance.
:{{A|vo sllq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A safe distance? Neuvillette, what exactly are you&mdash;
:{{Color|menu|Neuvillette's cane strikes downward, causing the ground to ripple outward and the Fountain of Lucine to shine radiantly.}}
:{{A|vo sllq002 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, it's glowing!
:{{Black Screen|<!--white screen-->As the Fountain of Lucine lights up, a wave of dizziness washes over you...}}
:;(Everything has a sepia effect except for the Traveler)
:;(The Traveler walks up to the fountain and looks at their reflection)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (What just happened?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Everything looks a little different than how they are normally... I should continue forward and take a look around.)

;(Approach the area boundary, optional)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (There's nothing here...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I probably shouldn't go too far, just to be safe.)

;(Approach Neuvillette and Carole)
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 calore 01.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Thank you for bringing us here, Monsieur Neuvillette.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 calore 02.ogg}} '''Carole:''' The Court of Fontaine is truly incredible. There's so many things I've never seen or heard before...
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I understand your excitement, but there's no need to thank me.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Although I've responded to your wishes, it was not without personal interest. Melusines' special sight makes them especially suited for joining the Marechaussee Phantom. I am certain you'll become an indispensable part of Fontaine's detective force.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 calore 03.ogg}} '''Carole:''' I know, but I'm really glad to be of help!
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 calore 04.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Not only can I repay you for your kindness, but also... it feels like my life has become a lot more meaningful.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' But a meaningful life also comes with its risks.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 calore 05.ogg}} '''Carole:''' It's definitely the safest to just stay in the village, but I want to see the outside world nonetheless.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 calore 06.ogg}} '''Carole:''' In truth, I've never really understood the purpose of my existence, or what I'm capable of contributing to this world.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 calore 07.ogg}} '''Carole:''' For almost twenty years, we've stayed in our village without finding any answers. That's why we wanted to leave our village and look for the meaning of our existence elsewhere.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I understand your confusion. In fact, I feel the same way.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I, too, came here for an answer to my questions about my own existence.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 calore 08.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Really? Could you tell us what we should do to fit in as you did?
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 calore 09.ogg}} '''Carole:''' The truth is... many people threw rocks at us today and told us to go back to our village. It hurt a lot when they hit me in the head... and I tried really hard not to cry.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Logically speaking, both time and effort are essential when different species attempt to peacefully co-exist. It will be a difficult road ahead, with countless obstacles to overcome.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Different identities and ways of thinking all contribute to strengthening the barrier between one another. Removing it will be no easy feat.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' There aren't many suggestions I can share, because just like you, I haven't fully integrated into this society. Despite my social status, I'm still an outsider.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 calore 10.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Oh, I see... Let's all do our best, then!
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 calore 11.ogg}} '''Carole:''' I'm confident that we'll find the meaning of our existence one day.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I believe in you, but you shouldn't lose sight of the difficulties ahead. If you run into any trouble, I suggest that you inform [[Vautrin]], the captain of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 calore 12.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Huh? Is he the person I met in the Palais Mermonia earlier?
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 neuvillette 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Yes. Do you have any concerns?
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 calore 13.ogg}} '''Carole:''' That stone-faced human... He didn't even bother to look at me when I tried talking to him! It felt like he wasn't interested in anything but work.
:{{A|vo sllq002 8 neuvillette 12.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' He is an earnest man. There will be plenty of opportunities to work together in the future, so please try to get along.
:;(They fade away)

;(Approach Carole and Baderico)
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 01.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Hello, can I help with anything?
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 baderico 01.ogg}} '''Baderico:''' Thanks, but no need.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 02.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Oh...
:;(Baderico leaves)
:;(Carole walks over to a group of passersby)
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 03.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Hello! I'm Carole, a Melusine! Is there anything you need help with?
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 chimne 01.ogg}} '''Simone:''' Get away from here! I'm calling the [[Garde]]s!
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 04.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Please calm down... I don't mean to cause any harm.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 chimne 02.ogg}} '''Simone:''' Hmph, hard to say.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 clotaire 01.ogg}} '''Clotaire:''' Yeah, we should probably stay away from these monsters. Haven't you realized? Strange incidents have been increasing ever since they came.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 chimne 03.ogg}} '''Simone:''' Why should we trust this species from who-knows-where anyway? I can't believe Neuvillette allowed them into the Court of Fontaine just like that.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 clodomir 01.ogg}} '''Clodomir:''' Exactly! That so-called Chief Justice even granted them official positions. Not only that, but they're now responsible for investigating cases as well! I swear there's some hidden agenda at play here.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 clotaire 02.ogg}} '''Clotaire:''' Go away! Quit acting innocent!
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 05.ogg}} '''Carole:''' I'm not leaving! I won't let you say bad stuff about him!
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 06.ogg}} '''Carole:''' We joined the Marechaussee Phantom and solved lots and lots of cases... We've never done anything wrong!
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 clotaire 03.ogg}} '''Clotaire:''' Solving cases? With Neuvillette in cahoots with you! You could've fabricated it all, and no one would know!
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 clotaire 04.ogg}} '''Clotaire:''' So tell me, how can you guarantee that you Melusines aren't involved in anything that occurred recently?
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 07.ogg}} '''Carole:''' I...
:;(A man approaches)
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 vautrin 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Didn't I tell you before? Don't go advertising if you're not a good talker.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 08.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Vautrin?
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 vautrin 02.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' Aside from spreading unjustified rumors, if you continue insulting members of the Marechaussee Phantom, the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol has every right to subject you to interrogation.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 vautrin 03.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' There have indeed been an increase in cases recently &mdash; perhaps due to the shifting currents of conspiracy, and I understand your concern. However, there has been no evidence pointing towards Melusines being involved.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 clotaire 05.ogg}} '''Clotaire:''' Tsk, even the Captain of the Security Patrol is on their side. Neuvillette's newly "reformed" police force is already corrupt to the core...
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 chimne 04.ogg}} '''Simone:''' How can two completely different species possibly coexist?
:;(The passersby leave)
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 09.ogg}} '''Carole:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 vautrin 04.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' You heard that?
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 10.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Yeah.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 11.ogg}} '''Carole:''' I don't understand... Why won't anyone believe us?
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 vautrin 05.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' There have been rumors saying that you were born from calamity... and that you inherently bring danger to those around you.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 vautrin 06.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' There are countless negative rumors about you floating around in Fontaine. It's near impossible for you to become a part of this society... best if you give up before it's too late.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 12.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Monsieur Neuvillette said that we needed to put both time and effort in. I don't know how long it'll take, but I can at least try making my best effort.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 13.ogg}} '''Carole:''' I still want to try a little harder. Thank you for bailing me out earlier.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 vautrin 07.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' *sigh*
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 14.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Okay, I won't be taking any more of your time. I painted a lot of flyers last night, so I have to stay and hand them out to everyone...
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 vautrin 08.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' Give them to me.
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 calore 15.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Y&mdash;You're not gonna take them away... right?
:{{A|vo sllq002 9 vautrin 09.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' We'll hand them out together. The faster we get this done, the sooner we can head back.
:;(They fade away)

;(Approach Neuvillette, Carole, and Vautrin)
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 calore 01.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Monsieur Neuvillette, what's this?
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Medals of Peace, awarded to you and Vautrin.
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Thank you for your continuous dedication in the past five years. You've taken one small step forward in helping Melusines gain the trust of humans.
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 vautrin 01.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' I think I'll pass...
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 calore 02.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Hey, don't say that. We wouldn't have made it this far without you!
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 calore 03.ogg}} '''Carole:''' It won't be long before Melusines begin living peacefully with the humans... Just the thought of it makes me happy.
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 vautrin 02.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' Don't keep your hopes up. We've barely scratched the surface. There's still a long way to go before that dream of yours comes true.
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 calore 04.ogg}} '''Carole:''' Ugh, you blockhead! Don't ruin the mood!
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Vautrin brings up a good point. The trust humans have placed in you is still very fragile. Any small incident could undermine the hard work you've put in.
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Please be on your guard for the next few days.
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 vautrin 03.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' Yes, Sir.
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 calore 05.ogg}} '''Carole:''' ...Okay, got it.
:;(They fade away)
:{{Color|menu|Two people are conspiring not far away.}}
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 thibert 01.ogg}} '''Thibert:''' Medal of Peace? Ha, "peace" isn't going to give us back what's rightfully ours.
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 suavegothe 01.ogg}} '''Suavegothe:''' Are you sure we should do this? We're no match for Neuvillette, even with all our powers combined. What if...
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 thibert 02.ogg}} '''Thibert:''' Nah, not gonna happen. As long as he remains in his position, there's no chance he'd take us out personally.
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 thibert 03.ogg}} '''Thibert:''' There are rules even he must comply with in the political sphere... unless he wants to become an enemy of Fontaine.
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 thibert 04.ogg}} '''Thibert:''' So quit worrying and just go ahead with it. I've already planned out the murder. Once we lay the blame on the Melusines, as the person who brought them to the Court of Fontaine, Neuvillette will be left with no excuse.
:{{A|vo sllq002 10 suavegothe 02.ogg}} '''Suavegothe:''' I guess you're right. Ugh, if he'd just left things the way they were, it never would've had to come to this... But he's forced our hand. Time to teach him a lesson.
:;(They fade away)

:{{Color|menu|The conspirators successfully incite the people...}}
;(Approach Thibert and the crowd around him)
:{{A|vo sllq002 11 thibert 01.ogg}} '''Thibert:''' Turn the murderer in!
:;(They fade away)

;(Approach Suavegothe, the two people behind her, and the Melusine)
:{{A|vo sllq002 11 suavegothe 01.ogg}} '''Suavegothe:''' Melusines can't be trusted! That goes for Neuvillette too!
:;(They fade away)

;(Approach Clotaire, the two people beside her, and the Melusine)
:{{A|vo sllq002 11 clotaire 01.ogg}} '''Clotaire:''' Peaceful coexistence? What a joke. Get out of the Court of Fontaine and don't ever come back!
:;(They fade away)

;(Approach Vautrin and Rastignac)
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 rastignac 01.ogg}} '''Rastignac:''' The results of the investigation are in, Captain Vautrin.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 vautrin 01.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' Go on.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 rastignac 02.ogg}} '''Rastignac:''' There is no direct evidence, but reasonable inference indicates that the ones controlling the situation are supporters of the old regime whose interests have been undermined by the reform.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 rastignac 03.ogg}} '''Rastignac:''' They tricked Miss Carole into going to the crime scene and pressed charges against her. After that, they incited panic among the people in order to make Monsieur Neuvillette confess to his mistakes and yield up power.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 rastignac 04.ogg}} '''Rastignac:''' The Gardes were stopped by the enraged mob and couldn't intervene in time. Miss Carole... chose to sacrifice herself to pacify the situation.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 vautrin 02.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 vautrin 03.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' And she called ME a blockhead...!
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 vautrin 04.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' A little investigation would've cleared things up! Why didn't she wait until we'd established the truth? She didn't have to prove her innocence like that...
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 rastignac 05.ogg}} '''Rastignac:''' The situation had rapidly escalated to a physical altercation between infuriated citizens and the Gardes. Miss Carole might've thought there was no better plan...
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 vautrin 05.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' *sigh* That is indeed something she'd do.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 rastignac 06.ogg}} '''Rastignac:''' Captain Vautrin, should I present these results to Monsieur Neuvillette right away?
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 vautrin 06.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' There's no need. Notify the Gardes to restrict public access to all information.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 rastignac 07.ogg}} '''Rastignac:''' Restrict access to... Wait, are you planning to&mdash;
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 vautrin 07.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' There's something I've never told Carole &mdash; I had a little sister named Illaria who passed away when I was very young.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 vautrin 08.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' She's just like Carole in every possible way. Innocent, kind... always believing the best of people. People like her are the most vulnerable to deception and betrayal.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 vautrin 09.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' From the moment I met Carole, I knew that she'd be easily manipulated by others. I kept a cold demeanor and tried lecturing her into giving up...
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 rastignac 08.ogg}} '''Rastignac:''' ...Looks like she was unfazed by that.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 vautrin 10.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' Yes. In fact, some of her spirit must've rubbed off on me instead... because I too began working towards that pie-in-the-sky dream of hers.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 vautrin 11.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' I should've known. Those cowards don't have the guts to confront Neuvillette &mdash; they even avoided causing trouble for me... They were after Carole all along.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 vautrin 12.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' Can you understand how I feel? Right now, there's only one thought on my mind: Only through bloodshed can their debt be repaid.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 rastignac 09.ogg}} '''Rastignac:''' I understand, but I'm certain Monsieur Neuvillette wouldn't accept that as a solution.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 vautrin 13.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' That's exactly why we need to keep this a secret. Give me the list of suspects. What happens after this has nothing to do with any of you.
:{{A|vo sllq002 12 vautrin 14.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' I will take responsibility for everything.

;(Interact with the Bulletin Board, optional)
:'''Opera Epiclese Notice Board:''' Rules of the Opera Epiclese and Announcements Pertaining to the Opera Epiclese. Not for other usage.
:{{DIcon}} Continue Reading
:;(Continues randomly to one of the following entries, each with "Continue Reading" and "Leave" options)
::'''Notice:''' "The damage previously caused in an accident during the staging of 'The Final Battle of the White Armada' has been repaired."

::'''Administrative Announcement:''' "In the coming days, Mr. Bletchley of the Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering will display a modified combat clockwork meka &mdash; an improved version of the Lord-Artificer's Cal. Scherbius.
::'''Administrative Announcement:''' "...Due to the peculiarity of this exhibit, the Maison Gardiennage reserves the right to implement preventative questionings and controls. For details, refer to AOCF-008.EA-T-099."

::'''Administrative Announcement:''' "...Non-Maison Gestion approved activities at the Salacia Plain, Thalatta Submarine Canyon, and all underwater regions within 1 kilometer of the Fortress of Meropide (including non-underwater areas beneath sea level)..."
::'''Administrative Announcement:''' "...These will be deemed illegal activities during the construction of a tunnel at the Opera Epiclese... For details, refer to AOCF-036.T-108C."
::'''Administrative Announcement:''' (Scribbled graffiti: "None will stop me from finding the Ordo's secret treasure!")

::'''Performance Announcement:''' "The fantastical masterpiece of the great Coppelius, 'Clockwork Coppelia'!"
::'''Performance Announcement:''' "...Spiritual sequel 'Pygmalion in the Mirror' will soon take to the stage!"

::'''Performance Announcement:''' "The greatest tale of heroism from the pre-Cataclysm era &mdash; of the gallant defense of Poisson, a relentless pursuit of tyrants and bandits! The most exciting historical opera in recent decades will soon be performed at the opera house!"
::'''Performance Announcement:''' "The script has passed through Maison Gestion and Gardiennage supervision to recreate the real-life events."
:{{DIcon}} Leave

;(Enter the Opera House)
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 baderico 01.ogg}} '''Baderico:''' Did you know? They're hearing a major case today, and the criminal is Captain Vautrin of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol!
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 baderico 02.ogg}} '''Baderico:''' Apparently, he resorted to personal measures to seek revenge for Carole and settled the score with the group that framed his friend... Hey, why aren't you saying anything?
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 lothaire 01.ogg}} '''Lothaire:''' I'm thinking... We should try our best to bail him out when the trial commences.
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 baderico 03.ogg}} '''Baderico:''' Bail him out? Why?
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 lothaire 02.ogg}} '''Lothaire:''' Shh, keep it down. Haven't you realized? Both Vautrin and Carole are Neuvillette's most trusted subordinates. After everything that happened to Carole, Neuvillette's guaranteed to do everything he can to keep Vautrin around.
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 lothaire 03.ogg}} '''Lothaire:''' Besides, now that the old regime has been uprooted, Neuvillette's status is secure as can be. As long as we redirect public opinion, Neuvillette will be able to give Vautrin a reprieve. The benefits are endless...
:{{Black Screen|A raucous commotion gradually began to rise in the opera house...}}
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 baderico 04.ogg}} '''Baderico:''' Vautrin sought vengeance for his friend for a valid cause. This represents the justice he upholds!
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 baderico 05.ogg}} '''Baderico:''' Please think about it. If the same thing had happened to you, wouldn't you feel the same way as he did?
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 prume 01.ogg}} '''Prume:''' Yeah, that's right!
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 lothaire 04.ogg}} '''Lothaire:''' This whole thing started because of those despicable cowards who levied false accusations against Carole! How could Vautrin be declared guilty for seeking revenge?
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 vautrin 01.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' Monsieur Neuvillette...
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 baderico 06.ogg}} '''Baderico:''' Mr. Vautrin is innocent!
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 together 01.ogg}} '''Audience:''' He's innocent!
:;(The scales of the Oratrice tip to the right)
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Order.
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I acknowlege your arguments. Vautrin, your revenge could be seen as a form of justice.
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I understand your decision. Which is why I cannot help but feel regret... and even grief about the judgment I must now impose.
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' However, personal justice does not equate to justice as defined by the law. To execute your plan for revenge, you abused your authority and conducted informal executions. Your actions have thus violated the law.
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Therefore, you will be declared... guilty.
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 baderico 07.ogg}} '''Baderico:''' What!?
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 lothaire 05.ogg}} '''Lothaire:''' That can't be... Monsieur Neuvillette, please give this a little more thought. He has done so much for Fontaine!
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Vautrin... my friend. Is there anything else you want to say?
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 vautrin 02.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' Neuvillette...
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 vautrin 03.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' What have I done to deserve this? I've closely followed every one of your orders! Can't you see? Everyone in this room believes that I'm innocent... why can't you just let me off!?
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 vautrin 04.ogg}} '''Vautrin:''' Is this what justice means to you? Answer me, Neuvillette!!
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...Order.
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Since there have been no further objections, the Oratrice will now deliver the final verdict regarding the charges against Mr. Vautrin.
:;(The lights on the Oratrice light up and the scales tip to the left)
:{{A|vo sllq002 13 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' According to the judgment of the Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale, Mr. Vautrin will be declared... guilty.
:{{Black Screen|{{A|vo sllq002 13 vautrin 05.ogg}} "Goodbye, Monsieur Neuvillette."}}
:{{Black Screen|{{A|vo sllq002 13 baderico 08.ogg}} "This all happened because of Carole's naive ideas..."}}
:{{Black Screen|{{A|vo sllq002 13 lothaire 06.ogg}} "How can different species peacefully coexist anyway?"}}
:;(In the present)<!--screen transition-->
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, stop spacing out!
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, what's wrong? Are you not feeling well?
:{{DIcon}} What was that...
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Apologies, it seems like my memories got the better of me.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I tried my best to suppress the power of Hydro within myself, but it seems like it still caused the emotions within the Fountain of Lucine to boil over.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Due to my negligence, the overflow of emotions and memories must have affected you as well. Are you alright?
:{{DIcon}} I'm fine.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! The Hydro Dragon is more powerful than Paimon thought...
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, the last time we came here, {{Traveler}} only heard voices from the Fountain of Lucine... No "emotions boiling over" or anything.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It is as you said. This might be because I'm different.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It is not only the Fountain. I can sense emotions from all waters in Fontaine. Rivers, lakes... and even the rain.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds awesome!
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' But I rarely ever do anything like this. Emotions carried by water are always chaotic and disconnected. As an outsider, having my mind occupied with irrelevant memories isn't exactly a pleasant experience.
:{{DIcon}} The memories I saw were related to you.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Which ones?
:{{DIcon}} From when you brought Carole to the Court of Fontaine...
:{{DIcon}} To when you declared Vautrin guilty.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It's fine. I prefer not to speak of those memories, but that does not mean I am deliberately hiding them.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It was a coincidence, but perhaps it is a good thing that you saw everything in that form.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You should now understand why I believe there to be a conspiracy behind all this... These two cases are much too similar. I felt like I needed to do something.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, Paimon's starting to lose track of what you're saying...
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't leave Paimon out of the conversation! Paimon wants to help too!
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 12.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Then let us get back to the point. While I was investigating the Fountain, I discovered something strange.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 13.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I did not sense too much hatred towards me within its accumulated emotions.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 14.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' However, I did find some resentment directed towards [[Kiara]]. If I remember correctly, it seemed to be related to a smuggling case.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 15.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I don't know what caused this to happen, but it seems like there won't be a shortcut to finding the organization that may be pulling the strings here.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Didn't we read about that in one of those documents?
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 16.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You've read about it? In that case, the resentment should've come from that incident&mdash;
:{{Color|menu|Navia walks over from close by.}}
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Huh, what are you doing here? I was just about to look for you at the Palais Mermonia.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Navia! Nice to see you again! Is there something we can help with?
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I've heard some things... But I'm not purposely asking around or anything, don't worry!
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Rumors are abroad that someone's scheming against Melusines, and that you're investigating the case.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' So I told the Spina di Rosula to keep an eye out for leads. We've had unfamiliar faces showing themselves at the Fleuve Cendre lately. Maybe you'll find the suspects among them.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 17.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Thank you.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 18.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...Where did you hear about all this?
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' The Chief Justice out on investigation, accompanied by {{Traveler}} from afar... No matter how you conceal your whereabouts, there will be countless eyes watching you.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You talked to Kiara, but didn't ask her to keep things secret. People curious to know asked around for information. Then, it was only a matter of time before word of the threatening letter spread all across Fontaine.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's what Charlotte meant...
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 19.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Indeed. I did not expect that this could be kept hidden for too long, but the rumors still spread faster than I imagined.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm... You know, it could be because... you attract more attention than you think.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Anyway, any progress with the investigation?
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 20.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The suspects who threatened Kiara might have to do with a certain smuggling case, but it is still uncertain if there is, in fact, another party behind all this.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 21.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' We are planning to return to the Palais Mermonia to revisit some details and identify the senders of that threatening letter.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Alright, then I'll round up the Spina di Rosula and follow up on their progress.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Wait for my word. Ta-ta!
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Neuvillette, do you think there will be any problems now that the word is out?
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 22.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I have already considered that possibility, and I do not think there will be any. As a matter of fact, once the word gets out, no one would dare to harm Kiara in broad daylight.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 23.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' What is more important is how the case is perceived by the public. Four hundred years ago, they chose to side with the old regime and direct their resentment towards the Melusines.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 24.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...I hope the same won't happen again. Let us head back to the Palais.
:{{Color|menu|You are walking along the street.}}
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Strange... What are these people doing out on the streets so late at night?
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did something happen? Let's take a look around!
:{{Color|menu|Someone is speaking loudly nearby. You take a closer look.}}
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 corneille 01.ogg}} '''Corneille:''' Have you heard? Someone's plotting against a Melusine! This is one hundred percent the truth &mdash; even the Chief Justice is investigating in person!
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 serurier 01.ogg}} '''Serrurier:''' WHAT? That's it! Who's been threatening Melusines? Show yourself!
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 herbier 01.ogg}} '''Herbier:''' Our enemies are lurking in the shadows and won't easily reveal themselves, but no amount of hiding will keep us from finding them!
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 corneille 02.ogg}} '''Corneille:''' That's exactly what I wanted to say! The Gardes have already begun to take action... We can't just stand by and watch.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 corneille 03.ogg}} '''Corneille:''' Think about how much we owe them! Now that they're in danger, how can we sit back and do nothing?
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 herbier 02.ogg}} '''Herbier:''' Everyone, please stay alert to your surroundings from now on. If you see any suspicious persons, report them to the Gardes immediately.
:{{Color|menu|You continue forward, and there are two Gardes behind a Melusine.}}
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 veleda 01.ogg}} '''Veleda:''' It feels like you've been following me this whole time. Did something happen?
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 deliphine 01.ogg}} '''Delphine:''' We were informed that...
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 lowrey 01.ogg}} '''Lori:''' Ahem! Nope, we just finished our shifts and happened to be strolling by.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 veleda 02.ogg}} '''Veleda:''' Have you had dinner yet? Why don't we check out the new items at the dessert shop together?
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 deliphine 02.ogg}} '''Delphine:''' This isn't a good time to be out and about.
:{{Color|menu|At this time, you hear the loud grumble of a hungry stomach.}}
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 lowrey 02.ogg}} '''Lori:''' C'mon, don't act tough. I bet you're hungry too.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 deliphine 03.ogg}} '''Delphine:''' *sigh* Alright, let's go buy a cake or something.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 veleda 03.ogg}} '''Veleda:''' You shouldn't ever skip meals, especially if you have another shift scheduled for later.
:{{Color|menu|You continue forward. Two Gardes are speaking by the wall.}}
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 cooper 01.ogg}} '''Cooper:''' I heard even Neuvillette's keeping an eye on the situation. Haha, this is the perfect chance to get promoted. We gotta make sure we give it all we've got!
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 burnett 01.ogg}} '''Bruno:''' Seriously? Were you planning to shirk your duties if Neuvillette wasn't involved?
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 cooper 02.ogg}} '''Cooper:''' Relax, I was just playing. We've worked together for years now. If something happened to them, I'd be haunted by regret for the rest of my life.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 burnett 02.ogg}} '''Bruno:''' That's more like it. We should stand guard until the criminal has been caught.
:{{Color|menu|The people on the streets are still carrying on a spirited discussion.}}
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 serurier 02.ogg}} '''Serrurier:''' Come and fight me instead, you cowards!
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 corneille 04.ogg}} '''Corneille:''' Have you heard? Even the Special Patrol came to help...
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 cooper 03.ogg}} '''Cooper:''' Shh, look! Isn't that Neuvillette? I think he's looking at us!
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like there's nothing to worry about.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 25.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Mm.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 26.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...This is truly wonderful.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sooo... Wanna go over and say hi?
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 27.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' No, I should stay where I am. My appearance could give rise to unnecessary commotion.
:{{A|vo sllq002 14 neuvillette 28.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Let us stick to our plan and return to the Palais Mermonia. The faster we uncover the truth, the better.

;(Talk to Cooper and Bruno, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 cooper 01.ogg}} '''Cooper:''' *sigh* All this reminds me of a rumor I've heard.
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 burnett 01.ogg}} '''Bruno:''' What rumor?
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 cooper 02.ogg}} '''Cooper:''' I've heard that the emblem on our hats didn't always look like this.
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 cooper 03.ogg}} '''Cooper:''' A long time ago, Melusines weren't a part of the design. The police emblem only included the scales symbolizing the law.
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 cooper 04.ogg}} '''Cooper:''' The emblem was redesigned later on to commemorate a Melusine's sacrifice.
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 burnett 02.ogg}} '''Bruno:''' That must've been a long time ago...

;(Talk to Serrurier, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 serurier 01.ogg}} '''Serrurier:''' Hmph, no one can stay hidden on my watch.

;(Talk to Corneille, Herbier, or Blathine, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 corneille 02.ogg}} '''Corneille:''' I must keep the Melusines safe.
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 herbier 01.ogg}} '''Herbier:''' I just can't sit back and watch...
----
{{Quest Description|update|Neuvillette has found some clues. Return to the Palais Mermonia and review the official documents again.}}
;(Read "About the smuggling case...")
:{{A|vo sllq002 19 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The smuggling case was solved by the joint forces of the Gardes and Marechaussee Phantom... This is the one.
:{{A|vo sllq002 19 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The list of involved suspects should be... Ah, found it.
:{{A|vo sllq002 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What does it say?
:{{A|vo sllq002 19 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The principal offenders Domenico, Inika, Youna and others have been caught. They have been sent to the Fortress of Meropide following trial.
:{{A|vo sllq002 19 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Those with close connections or mutual interests with the offenders but who did not participate in the case will not stand trial.
:{{A|vo sllq002 19 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Among them, surveillance of [[Esseim]] has ceased on account of his good behavior. All other personnel remain on our watchlist.
:{{A|vo sllq002 19 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So many names... Is the one who sent that threatening letter to Kiara on the list?
:{{A|vo sllq002 19 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Yes. There's something suspicious about Esseim, to be precise.
:{{A|vo sllq002 19 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It seems like he's closely related to the core members of the smuggling case, and he moves around without much restriction.
:{{DIcon}} Should we tell Navia about this?
:{{A|vo sllq002 19 sedna 01.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' Monsieur Neuvillette, someone claiming to be from the Spina di Rosula just checked in with us.
:{{A|vo sllq002 19 sedna 02.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' He said and I quote, "We have located the suspect. They're chatting at the café."
:{{A|vo sllq002 19 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How did Navia find them so quickly? We've only just figured out the suspect's name...
:{{A|vo sllq002 19 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I too am perplexed. The café isn't too far from here. We should head over and take a look.

;(Read "About the smuggling case..." again, optional)
:'''About the smuggling case...:''' "The smuggling case was solved by the joint forces of the Gardes and Marechaussee Phantom."
:'''About the smuggling case...:''' "The principal offenders have received judgment based on the severity of their crimes."
:'''About the smuggling case...:''' "Please refer to the appendix for the list of names."
:{{DIcon}} Continue Reading
::'''About the smuggling case...:''' "The principal offenders [[Domenico]], [[Inika]], [[Youna]] and others have been caught. They have been sent to the Fortress of Meropide following trial."
::'''About the smuggling case...:''' "Those with close connections or mutual interests with the offenders but who did not participate in the case will not stand trial."
::'''About the smuggling case...:''' "Among them, surveillance of Esseim has ceased on account of his good behavior. All other personnel remain on our watchlist."
:{{DIcon}} Leave
----
{{Quest Description|update|You've identified the name of the criminal, and it seems like Navia has gotten some new leads as well...}}
;(Talk to Arouet, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 arouet 01.ogg}} '''Arouet:''' Neuvillette made an appearance in person! This is the perfect chance to make a name for myself.
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 arouet 02.ogg}} '''Arouet:''' Hmm... But how should I make the most of this and get the word out...

;(Approach Café Lutece)
:;(Three people sit uncomfortably at the table next to Navia's, with Spina members standing behind them)
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Navia, we're here!
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, check out all these people... Hey there, are you Navia's friends too?
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' These are the people who have had recent dealings with the Marechaussee Phantom. They're usually hidden in the Fleuve Cendre, but I sent for someone to invite them over.
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Invite them over?
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Exactly. Now, I heard there's great coffee here, and so I asked them if they'd like to come and have some.
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 oudinot 01.ogg}} '''Oudinot:''' Y&mdash;Yeah, it's our pleasure to be guests of the Spina di Rosula...
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 massena 01.ogg}} '''Massena:''' Haha, I've wanted to have a meet-up like this for ages!
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, something feels off...
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But oh well. Let's get back to business. Is there anyone called Esseim here?
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 esseim 01.ogg}} '''Esseim:''' Yes, that's me.
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You're Esseim?
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 esseim 02.ogg}} '''Esseim:''' Y&mdash;Yes, Monsieur Neuvillette...
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Did you write that threatening letter to Kiara?
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 esseim 03.ogg}} '''Esseim:''' Um...
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ahem.
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 esseim 04.ogg}} '''Esseim:''' I&mdash;I did. But I was just following orders...
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Orders from whom?
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 esseim 05.ogg}} '''Esseim:''' ...Domenico. He was my boss... I couldn't disobey his orders...
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Domenico? Where is he now?
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The Fortress of Meropide.
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well, ah, I'm afraid even the Spina would have trouble looking into that place.
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Looks like you'll have to make the trip yourselves. This was as much as I could do.
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You've done more than enough. I am extremely grateful for your help.
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Leave the formalities for later. You should find Domenico first.
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' If he really is the one setting up the conspiracy, it'd be best if he's exposed as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo sllq002 20 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright then, let's head to the Fortress right now!

;(Talk to Navia, Tetreaux, or Faustier, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Please escort the remaining guests back to the Fleuve Cendre. I appreciate your help!
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 together 01.ogg}} '''Tetreaux & Faustier:''' Yes, boss.

;(Talk to Oudinot, Massena, or Esseim, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 oudinot 01.ogg}} '''Oudinot:''' Whew... That was a close call.
:{{A|vo dialog sllq002 massena 01.ogg}} '''Massena:''' Are we really in the clear, though?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ever-Surging Memories
|zhs     = 翻涌不歇的回忆
|zhs_rm  = Fānyǒng Bù Xiē de Huíyì
|zht     = 翻湧不歇的回憶
|zht_rm  = Fānyǒng Bù Xiē de Huíyì
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 止まらぬ思い出
|ja_rm   = Tomaranu Omoide
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 솟구치는 기억
|ko_tl   = Surting Memories
|es      = Mar de la remembranza
|es_tl   = Sea of Remembrance
|fr      = Souvenirs récurrents
|fr_tl   = Recurring Memories
|ru      = Нахлынувшие воспоминания
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = กระแสความทรงจำไร้สิ้นสุด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Dòng Hồi Ức Sôi Sục
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wiederkehrende Erinnerungen
|de_tl   = Recurring Memories
|id      = Aliran Kenangan Tiada Akhir
|id_tl   = Flow of Never Ending Memories
|pt      = Memórias Inabaláveis
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Taşan Anılar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ricordi in piena
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

[[vi:Dòng Hồi Ức Sôi Sục]]