{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20031
|type          = World
|image         = Adventurers' Guild Mondstadt.png
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|summary       = [[Katheryne]] introduces daily [[commissions]] to the Traveler.
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 12
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|exp           = 100
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|2}}
|characters    = Katheryne (Mondstadt); Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}

'''Every Day a New Adventure''' is a World Quest that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]. Completing this quest unlocks [[Commissions]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Katheryne]]
#* After talking to Katheryne, the player unlocks [[Commissions]] in the [[Adventurer Handbook]].
#* The player can optionally complete the commissions before talking to Katheryne.
# Complete 4 Daily Commissions, then talk to Katheryne
#* This step is skipped if the player already completed all 4 Daily Commissions.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Katheryne]] of the [[Adventurers' Guild]] seems to have a new commission for you.}}

===Branch 1===
The player will receive this dialogue branch if they have not completed the Daily Commissions.
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' We meet again, avid adventurer.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Are your adventures going smoothly?
:{{DIcon}} I'm like a well-oiled adventuring machine.
::{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 03a.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' That is the spirit. Keep it up!
:{{DIcon}} Actually, adventuring is quite taxing work.
::{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 03b.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' It is always that way when you are starting out. Preparing properly before an adventure can help things go more smoothly.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' It seems that you have a wealth of experience under your belt now. Time to introduce you to the formal work of the Guild.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' The Guild receives requests from far and wide each day, and assigns {{Color|buzzword|commissions}} to adventurers accordingly.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' These commissioned adventures are the main source of compensation for our guild members.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What kind of commissions are they?
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 07.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' It is a mixed bag! Anything from running an errand for a fellow citizens to dealing with monsters. Some are textbook, others are extremely dangerous.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 08.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' But you do not have to take my word for it. You should find out for yourself.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 09.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Here you can find the details of today's commissions.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 10.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Please report back to me upon completion. There will be a generous reward waiting for you.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 11a.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Excellent. I knew I could count on you, Traveler.
:{{DIcon}} How generous are we talking?
::{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 11b.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Patience is a virtue! You will find out soon enough. I am sure you will not be disappointed.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 12.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I await your return with great anticipation, (Traveler). Ad astra abyssosque!
----
;(Talk to Katheryne after completing the commissions)
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 13.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' You did a fine job, Traveler! Outstanding performance, considering it was your first time.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 14.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' The requester even asked me to thank you on their behalf.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 15.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' And, as promised, you are due your reward.
;(Proceed to [[#Ending|Ending]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 2===
The player will receive this dialogue branch if they have already completed 4 Daily Commissions prior to talking to Katheryne.
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo tips entrustb katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I heard something through the grape vine, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo tips entrustb katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Word has it that you completed a {{color|buzzword|commission}}. The requester sends their thanks.
:{{DIcon}} What commission? Refresh my memory.
::{{A|vo tips entrustb katheryne 03a 1.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' You helped someone in need while you were out on the road.
::{{A|vo tips entrustb katheryne 03a 2.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' In fact many of those you will meet have commissioned the Guild to assist.
:{{DIcon}} I was just being a Good Samaritan.
::{{A|vo tips entrustb katheryne 03b.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' And that is exactly what makes you our avid new adventurer.
:{{A|vo tips entrustb katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Let me explain the Guild's system to you in a little more detail.
:{{A|vo tips entrustb katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' The Guild receives requests from far and wide each day, and assigns commissions to adventurers accordingly.
:{{A|vo tips entrustb katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' These commissioned adventures are the main source of compensation for our guild members.
:{{A|vo tips entrustb katheryne 07.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' On the subject of compensation, I should mention that the Guild has prepared a little something for you.
;(Proceed to [[#Ending|Ending]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending===
:{{DIcon}} Claim Daily Commission Reward
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo tips entrust katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne''': Thank you for completing today's commissions. Here is your reward.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you shouldn't have! Except, you totally should.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 16.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' This is a token of the Guild's gratitude.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 17.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' We receive many new commissions every day, and without the efforts of each and every adventurer there is no way we could respond to them all.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 18.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' If you complete enough commissions each day, you will be eligible to claim a special reward from me.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 19.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Your Adventurer Handbook keeps a record of how many adventurers you complete each day.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 20.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Make sure you claim your daily rewards on the days that you complete sufficient adventures. There is a limited quantity of rewards, so it will become forfeit should you not claim it.
:{{DIcon}} Okay. Thanks for the explanation.
::{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 21a.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' You're more than welcome. After all, you are the one helping me.
:{{DIcon}} Only one reward per day?
::{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 21b_1.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' As things currently stand, yes... My apologies.
::{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 21b_2.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' But please be assured that we are constantly pushing Headquarters to make sure all our adventurers receive fair and adequate compensation.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 22.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' And please note that helping a fellow adventurer to complete a commission also counts towards your eligibility for a daily reward.
:{{A|vo tips entrusta katheryne 23.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' We encourage you to work actively with your fellow adventurers. Ad astra abyssosque!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Tutorial==
{{Transclude|Tutorials/Every Day a New Adventure}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Every Day a New Adventure
|zhs     = 每天都是新的冒险
|zhs_rm  = Měitiān Dōushì Xīn de Màoxiǎn
|zht     = 每天都是新的冒險
|zht_rm  = Měitiān Dōushì Xīn de Màoxiǎn
|zh_tl   = Every Day is a New Adventure
|ja      = 毎日が新しい冒険
|ja_rm   = Mainichi ga Atarashii Bouken
|ja_tl   = Every Day is a New Adventure
|ko      = 하루하루는 새로운 모험
|ko_rm   = Haruharuneun Saero'un Moheom
|ko_tl   = Every Day a New Adventure
|es      = Cada día una nueva aventura
|es_tl   = Each Day a New Adventure
|fr      = Chaque jour est une aventure
|fr_tl   = Every Day Is an Adventure
|ru      = Каждый день новые приключения
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ทุกวันคือการผจญภัย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Mỗi ngày đều là cuộc mạo hiểm mới
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Jeden Tag ein neues Abenteuer
|de_tl   = Every Day a New Adventure
|id      = Setiap Hari adalah Petualangan Baru
|id_tl   = Every Day is a New Adventure
|pt      = Todo Dia uma Nova Aventura
|pt_tl   = Every Day a New Adventure
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[pt-br:Todo Dia uma Nova Aventura]]