{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03006
|image         = Archon Quest C3A1 Ever So Close.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|actNum        = I
|act           = Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark
|part          = 7
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Alhaitham; Dori; Mizri <!-- Cutscene -->; Paimon; Tariq; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|subarea       = Port Ormos
|prev          = Lost in Prosperity
|next          = The Coming of the Sabzeruz Festival
|exp           = 575
|mora          = 22,755
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}} {{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Ever So Close|chapter=3|act=1|part=7}}

==Steps==
# Go to [[Wikala Funduq]] to look for [[Alhaitham]]
# Go out into the wilds to test the [[Canned Knowledge]]
# Initiate first combat test
#* Wave 1 {{Enemy List|Floating Hydro Fungus;Whirling Cryo Fungus*2}}
#* Wave 2 {{Enemy List|Floating Dendro Fungus;Stretchy Pyro Fungus*2}}
# Talk to Alhaitham
# Open your Inventory and use the Canned Knowledge
# Initiate second combat test
#* Wave 1 {{Enemy List|Floating Dendro Fungus;Floating Hydro Fungus;Whirling Cryo Fungus*2}}
#* Wave 2 {{Enemy List|Floating Dendro Fungus;Floating Hydro Fungus;Stretchy Pyro Fungus*2}}
# Talk to Alhaitham
# Ask Alhaitham about the test results
# Wait until 07:00 two days from now
# Go ask [[Dori]] about the whereabouts of the [[Divine Knowledge Capsule]]
# Inform Alhaitham
# Go to the agreed location
# Exchange "pointed words" with the members of [[Ayn Al-Ahmar]]
#* Wave 1
#** {{Enemy|Eremite Crossbow|x = 2|nobr = 1}}
#** {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Scout|text='Ayn Al-Ahmar' Tumart}}
#* Wave 2
#** {{Enemy|Eremite Ravenbeak Halberdier|x = 1|nobr = 1}}
#** {{Enemy|Eremite Sword-Dancer|x = 1|nobr = 1}}
#** {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Scout|text='Ayn Al-Ahmar' Tariq}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* The fight against the members of Ayn Al-Ahmar is in an area with a barrier. Teleportation out of the area is possible and resets the quest to the previous step, "Go to the agreed location."
* The [[time]] cannot be changed during the fight against the members of Ayn Al-Ahmar.

==Achievements==
* Using [[Activated・Canned Knowledge]] will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[The House of Canned Time]]''.
* Completing the quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark (Achievement)|Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As agreed, you gain Dori's trust. Now, it is finally time to discuss "business" with Alhaitham.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After completing the previous quest)
:{{A|vo xmaq007 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Our dealings with [[Dori]] went smoothly enough. Let's head to [[Wikala Funduq]] and meet up with [[Alhaitham]].
:{{A|vo xmaq007 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hopefully now, he'll finally tell us about what the [[Akademiya]] lost.

;(Approach Alhaitham)
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You two made it. And from the looks on your faces, you were successful.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, there's so many people from the Akademiya here! Why would you pick this place as our meet-up spot?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Well, Wikala Funduq is under the Akademiya's control, so naturally, the Akademiya has people working here. I came to [[Port Ormos]] under the pretense of conducting official business.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're a pretty daring guy...
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Relax, no one here is interested in anything we say, and the matra won't come here. Okay now, tell me how your encounter with Dori went.

:'''You bring Alhaitham up to date and give him the Canned Knowledge you purchased...'''

:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, we did what you asked. So, can you tell us about the [[Knowledge Capsule]] that the Akademiya lost now?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Before that, I have to ask &mdash; why are you two so intent on tracking it down? You don't have to answer, of course.
:{{DIcon}} It's not a secret or anything.
:{{DIcon}} We want to meet with the Dendro Archon.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 paimon 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq007 2 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, {{MC|he|she}} just wants to meet the [[God of Wisdom]] and ask her about something important. We've been in Sumeru for a while now, but we still haven't found a way.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When we heard that the Akademiya had lost something that might be related to the gods, we came here in case it turned out to be our lucky break.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' In that case, you're on the right track.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' A short while ago, the Akademiya lost a Knowledge Capsule in the desert. It's supposedly a [[Divine Knowledge Capsule]] &mdash; use it, and you'll gain the wisdom of the gods.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 paimon 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq007 2 paimon 06b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, there's really such a thing as that!? Hey, if we find it, do you think we could learn how to meet the Dendro Archon? Ooh, or how to find your {{MC|sister|brother}}?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I highly doubt it has any mystical properties, but it does indeed exist, and it's right here in [[Port Ormos]].
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... where exactly?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That's what we need to find out next.
:{{DIcon}} Your goal is to find it, too?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I won't deny that. I am investigating because I'm curious as to what the Divine Knowledge Capsule truly is.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' As you know, the [[Eremites]] in Port Ormos also have their eyes on it. It is an extremely precious item. The knowledge contained within may bring great power or wealth to whoever has it in their possession.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Several brigades have been vying for ownership of it as of late, but there is still no victor.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' My personal finances and connections cannot compete with those of the Eremites. After attempting various methods, I finally managed to reach a tentative agreement with several brigades.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I agreed to forego ownership of the Divine Knowledge Capsule in exchange for the opportunity to study it. After all, there's no harm in understanding what it is.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' However, there are those who are less amenable to negotiation, such as those from [[Ayn Al-Ahmar]].
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' They adamantly believe that the Divine Knowledge Capsule contains [[King Deshret]]'s power, and that he will return to this world when they obtain it. They refuse to let anyone from the Akademiya tarnish their deity's soul.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you kept hounding them because they refused to cooperate with you?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 16.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Yes. Ayn Al-Ahmar isn't exactly wealthy, but its members are determined to get that capsule by any means necessary. To that end, they've resorted to many methods more foul than fair in order to amass sufficient funds.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 17.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' So, I've been sabotaging their business to force them into negotiating with me.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 18.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The Divine Knowledge Capsule should be up for a secret auction within the next few days. Each brigade will place their own bid, and the prize will be covertly given to the winner.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 19.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' To ensure the capsule's security and to evade the matra's notice, the winning brigade will not publicly disclose their victory.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 20.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Unless I know whose hands the Divine Knowledge Capsule ends up in, my agreements with them will fall through.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 21.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Dori is the most reliable source of information, but that avenue was previously closed to me. With you on board now, the situation is different.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In other words, you wanted us to befriend Dori so you could find out where the Divine Knowledge Capsule is?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 22.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Yes, you can say that, but this arrangement harms none of us.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 23.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The day after tomorrow, go back to Dori and try to purchase information on the Divine Knowledge Capsule's whereabouts. If she has no information, wait two days and approach her again.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 24.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' If I get the opportunity to study the Divine Knowledge Capsule, I will relay my findings to you. Will that suffice as compensation?
:{{DIcon}} That's exactly what I want.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 25.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Okay. Then we'll meet up in two days.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alhaitham, before you go! We actually bought a Knowledge Capsule for ourselves, but we're not sure how to use it.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 26.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You two want to try using a Knowledge Capsule? Sure, I can teach you.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 2 alhaitham 27.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Doing so right under the Akademiya's nose is a bit problematic, though. What do you say we head to the outskirts of town.
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq007 3 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Alright, this place works. Show me the capsule you purchased.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 3 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hm, Swordfighting Techniques VIII... A combat-class Knowledge Capsule. This class is something of a rare find these days, since most have been taken by the Eremites to augment their battle capabilities.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Aw yeah, what a great buy!
:{{A|vo xmaq007 3 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' If you want to determine the efficacy of this capsule, I can evaluate your combat ability. However, effects will likely be minimal if you already possess a high amount of strength.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 3 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' We can conduct a controlled experiment where you fight two battles: one before using this Knowledge Capsule, and one after.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 3 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' While you fight, we can use an [[Akasha Terminal]] to monitor your various physical parameters.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 3 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' There may be variances in your physical strength between the two tests, as well as a disparity in your opponents' abilities... But don't worry, I'll run statistical analyses afterward to mitigate any confounding effects.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... Alhaitham, you must've been one of those guys at the Akademiya who got top grades on everything!
:{{A|vo xmaq007 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's curious about something, though. You definitely weren't one of those students who needed Canned Knowledge to graduate from the Akademiya, right? So why are you risking getting caught by the matra for this capsule?
:{{DIcon}} I'm also curious about this.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 3 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' When you are unable to understand a researcher's actions, most cases can be attributed to curiosity. This is but one theory.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Sounds like you're trying to avoid the question.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 3 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Alright, let's begin the test. Just fight as you normally do.

;(Talk to Alhaitham before defeating the opponents)
:'''Alhaitham:''' (Alhaitham lifts his chin and looks into the distance, seemingly waiting for you to provide battle data.)

;(Talk to Alhaitham after defeating the opponents)
:{{A|vo xmaq007 4 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Alright, I'll link your Akasha Terminal to record data.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 4 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The next step is to use this Knowledge Capsule.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 4 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hold it in your hand. I'll help you establish a connection with it so you can activate its power.
;(Obtain [[Activated・Canned Knowledge]] ×1)

;(Use the Canned Knowledge)
:'''(Traveler):''' (I feel like I just had an epiphany...)
:'''(Traveler):''' (As if I saw countless sword-wielding figures fighting one moment, and then in the next, they disappeared into the recesses of my memory.)
:{{A|vo xmaq007 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, how are you feeling?
:{{DIcon}} I felt something for a moment.
:{{DIcon}} Whatever was inside the Knowledge Capsule became a part of my memory.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean that it worked?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 4 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Alright, time for round two. Fight with the same composure as before.

;(Talk to Alhaitham before defeating the opponents)
:'''Alhaitham:''' (Alhaitham is, as he was previously, waiting for you to provide a new batch of combat data.)

;(Talk to Alhaitham after defeating the opponents)
:{{A|vo xmaq007 5 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Now, I'll start recording data again.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alhaitham, how's it going?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 5 alhaitham 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq007 5 alhaitham 02b.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Well, the Knowledge Capsule you purchased did improve {{MC|his|her}} combat capability. During the second fight, {{MC|his|her}} overall fighting performance increased by 0.073%.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... how much?
:{{DIcon}} 0.073%.
:{{DIcon}} That's basically zero.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaarrrgh! Dori's such a jerk! She totally scammed us! One million Mora? This thing isn't worth a tenth of that amount!
:{{A|vo xmaq007 5 alhaitham 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq007 5 alhaitham 03b.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Of course, this could be because {{MC|he|she}} is so powerful that the capsule's contents were unable to produce a substantial increase.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 5 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' At the very least, this test allowed me to gain more insight into you two. Our deal seems increasingly worth my investment.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 5 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'm heading back to the Wikala Funduq. I await your response in two days' time. This is Mora for when you ask Dori for information. Pay her as much as she requests.
:;(Obtain [[Bag of Intel Transaction Funds]])
----
;(Wait two days)
:{{A|vo xmaq007 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see Dori today and ask her about where the Divine Knowledge Capsule is.

;(Talk to Dori)
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Here, over here! Welcome back, my loyal patrons. What can I do for you this time?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' You name it! Canned Knowledge, supplies, or anything else you need, I'll find a way to get it... Where there's a waterfall of Mora, there's a way.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can you really get us anything we want? Anything at all?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 03.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Aha! So it appears that Canned Knowledge alone is no longer sufficient for your opulent appetite? Then please, oblige me, tell me what you have in mind!
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to buy info on the whereabouts of the Divine Knowledge Capsule.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 04.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Oh, hehehe! I knew customers with pockets as deep as yours would undoubtedly crave something more profound than ordinary Canned Knowledge.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 05.ogg}} '''Dori:''' But you know, that kind of information isn't going to be cheap.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 06.ogg}} '''Dori:''' After all, I had to work really hard to weasel my way into the auction site. Not to mention that if anyone found out that I was the leaker, I would be in big, big trouble.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But how can we be sure your information is accurate? Paimon's curious how you just happen to have this kind of info the moment we need it.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 07.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Hehehe... Because to me, anything of value is what I consider to be my supply. Therefore, I must always be aware of what's hot on the market in order to secure more sales.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 08.ogg}} '''Dori:''' As for the information's authenticity, well, you've no need to worry about that. I used a [[Kamera]] to take a picture of the transaction. That way, no one can dispute it.
:{{DIcon}} Name your price.
:{{DIcon}} I'll buy the information.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 09.ogg}} '''Dori:''' It's always a pleasure doing business with such sterling patrons.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 10.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Ahem, now that you've paid in full, here's the scoop: The Divine Knowledge Capsule was purchased yesterday by a certain [[Mizri]], the leader of Ayn Al-Ahmar.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ayn Al-Ahmar? You mean the [[Eremites]] who worship King Deshret?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 11.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Ah, so you're already familiar with them.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 12.ogg}} '''Dori:''' The group has done everything in their power to obtain the Divine Knowledge Capsule. After all, they believe it contains the power of King Deshret.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 13.ogg}} '''Dori:''' That Divine Knowledge Capsule is unlike any other Canned Knowledge I've seen before. It was glowing bright red.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 14.ogg}} '''Dori:''' The capsule is clearly visible in the picture I took. You can look for yourself.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks for the info, Dori.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 7 dori 15.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Please, it's my pleasure. It's all thanks to discerning customers such as yourselves that my efforts yesterday were not in vain. Please, don't hesitate to contact me if you ever need anything else in the future &mdash; Mora for Dori opens doors!
:;(Obtain [[Picture of the Transaction]])

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo xmaq007 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we figured out where the Divine Knowledge Capsule is! It turns out it ended up in the hands of Ayn Al-Ahmar.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's head back and talk to Alhaitham!

;(Talk to Dori again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq007 dori 03.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Remember to bring a token of our friendship the next time we meet, okay? I like to think it's built on a firm foundation of solid, shining Mora...
----
;(Approach Alhaitham)
:{{A|vo xmaq007 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alhaitham! We got the info you wanted!
:{{A|vo xmaq007 9 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Really? Alright, let's hear it.
:{{DIcon}} It's in the hands of Ayn Al-Ahmar.
:{{DIcon}} The very group that we're about to face.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dori even gave us evidence to verify the intel. Have a look!
:{{A|vo xmaq007 9 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Huh, look at that... clear as day. It must have taken some guts just to infiltrate the scene of the Eremites' transaction. But then to get close enough to take a picture like this... Bold move, Dori. Very bold move.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 9 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Alright, the person in this picture is indeed Mizri, the leader of Ayn Al-Ahmar, and the glowing red capsule he's holding appears to be the Divine Knowledge Capsule.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 9 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' In which case, if we play our cards right, when we confront them next week, we should be able to force them to show their hand.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At first, Paimon didn't get why you were provoking these Ayn Al-Ahmar guys, but now it sorta makes sense. Everything's playing right into your hands.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After we defeat them, we can finally have a serious talk with their boss and get him to lend us the Divine Knowledge Capsule!
:{{A|vo xmaq007 9 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Thank you for your time and efforts. Take a few days off while I make some preparations. Let's meet up again on the afternoon of the arranged date, three o'clock sharp.
:{{DIcon}} We'll be there.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 9 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' See you then.

:'''A few days later, on the day of the meeting with Ayn Al-Ahmar...'''

:{{A|vo xmaq007 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alhaitham sure is taking his time. Where could he be? Oh, there he is!
:{{A|vo xmaq007 9 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Sorry to keep you waiting. Let's head to the pier in front of [[Pharos Lighthouse]].
:{{A|vo xmaq007 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, let's go!
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq007 10 tariq 01.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' Alhaitham... I knew you were crazy, but I didn't know you were crazy enough to actually show up.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 10 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It was I who demanded that these negotiations take place. I was more worried that you might go back on your promise, but to your credit, it appears that you're sticking to your word.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 10 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' This is turning into quite an occasion. I also brought some backup &mdash; I assume you don't mind.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 10 tariq 02a.ogg}} <!--{{A|vo xmaq007 10 tariq 02b.ogg}} -->'''Tariq:''' Backup? Aren't you the brat from the restaurant the other day? You've come to support this lunatic because he helped you out? Hmph, fine, your funeral.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 10 tariq 03.ogg}} '''Tariq:''' I'm not going to mince my words: once we're done with you, you'll be nothing more than fish food. Get 'em, boys!
:{{A|vo xmaq007 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh oh, here they come! Uh, good luck you two!
----
;(After defeating the opponents, a cinematic begins)
{{Cutscene Description|The scuffle between you and the members of Ayn Al-Ahmar begins. When you are about to defeat them, their leader, Mizri, finally shows up. But he seems to have fallen into madness. Alhaitham subdues him immediately. Meanwhile, the Matras of the Akademiya have also arrived to arrest Mizri. Alhaitham takes the Divine Knowledge Capsule away while checking on the {{sic|Any}} Al-Ahmar leader, but neither you nor the Matras notice his action.<br />The Matras then bring the maddened Mizri away, but when they walk past you, you hear the man uttering: "World... forget me."}}
::'''Tariq:''' Ugh!
::'''Tariq:''' Akademiya scum...
:;(Mizri slowly walks in, growling)
::'''Tariq:''' Boss...
::'''Tariq:''' Finally!
::'''Tariq:''' Did you use it?
::'''Tariq:''' Great
::'''Tariq:''' Now we can...
:;(Mizri continues to walk towards Alhaitham, the Traveler, and Paimon)
::'''Tariq:''' ...Boss?
:;(Mizri stops in front of Alhaitham, the Traveler, and Paimon)
:;(From Mizri's point of view, the [[Akasha Terminal]] interface gets covered by red hexagons and becomes black)
:;(The Akasha Terminal on Mizri's ear turns red, and he falls to his knees, holding his head in pain before letting out a long shout)
:;(Tariq runs up to check on Mizri but gets assaulted by him instead)
::'''Tariq:''' Boss!
::'''Tariq:''' Boss...
::'''Tariq:''' What's wrong?
::'''Paimon:''' What happened to him?
:;(Mizri picks up Tariq and throws him in the direction of the Traveler)
::'''Alhaitham:''' We have to cut his Akasha connection &mdash; now!
:;(Alhaitham goes to fight Mizri and attacks his Akasha Terminal which sparks and powers off, becoming white)
:;(A [[Matra]] and members of the [[Corps of Thirty]] enter)
::'''Matra:''' Target acquired
::'''Matra:''' Arrest him
:;(From the Matra's point of view, Alhaitham is highlighted, and a panel with text in the [[Sumeru Language]] comes up with his information)
::'''Matra:''' Do not impede our work
::'''Matra:''' Is that understood, Alhaitham?
::'''Alhaitham:''' Of course
::'''Alhaitham:''' I was only trying to help
:;(Alhaitham quietly takes the Divine Knowledge Capsule)
::'''Matra:''' Take him away!
::'''Mizri:''' ...World
::'''Mizri:''' ...Forget me...
:;(Cinematic ends)
----
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? What in Teyvat just happened? It's like that big guy suddenly lost his mind...
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It looks like he used the Divine Knowledge Capsule.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean, the Divine Knowledge Capsule did that to him?
:{{DIcon}} Speaking of which, [[Haypasia]] did mention...
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, you mean how some researchers go insane after getting knowledge from [[Irminsul]]?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I've heard of numerous incidents of researchers in [[Satyavada Life]] going insane. The state that man is now in suggests that this is a similar situation.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' This Divine Knowledge Capsule does appear to be linked to the gods, but beyond that, it doesn't seem anything like the rumors suggest. Possessing it doesn't grant you divine wisdom or power.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Did you hear what he said? "World... forget me..." What could that possibly mean?
:'''(Traveler):''' (That's exactly what I heard before at Irminsul...)
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If the matra took him away, then that means the Akademiya got the Divine Knowledge Capsule back, too. What a shame, we were so close...
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, Paimon didn't expect the Divine Knowledge Capsule would be so dangerous. Imagine if we'd tried to open it... Who knows what would've happened to us...
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' As things stand, there is no reason for me to remain in Port Ormos. I believe our collaboration has also reached its end.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we were so busy trying to find the Divine Knowledge Capsule that Paimon forgot to ask you something! Since you're a member of the Akademiya, do you have any idea how we can go about meeting [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]]?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Truthfully, I don't. Lesser Lord Kusanali appears to exist outside of Sumeru's entire administration. Most of the time, you wouldn't know she exists at all.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Moreover, since the Akademiya possesses the Akasha, a symbol of our deity's wisdom, scholars have no reason to desire to make contact with the deity herself anyway...
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Everything about Lesser Lord Kusanali is such a mystery.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'm heading back to the Akademiya. How about you two?
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aah, it's almost the day of the [[Sabzeruz Festival]]! Maybe we should head back, too. We've been rushed off our feet over the past few days, so maybe a little rest and relaxation will do us good.
:{{DIcon}} You have a point.
:{{DIcon}} Let's return to Sumeru City.
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then we'll part ways here, Alhaitham. Until we meet again!
:{{color|menu|Once you all leave, Alhaitham brings his attention back to the Divine Knowledge Capsule.}}
:{{A|vo xmaq007 11 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hmm... Now, do I deal with this thing first, or should I produce the report that the higher-ups require?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ever So Close
|zhs     = 近在咫尺的目标
|zhs_rm  = Jìnzàizhǐchǐ de Mùbiāo
|zht     = 近在咫尺的目標
|zht_rm  = Jìnzàizhǐchǐ de Mùbiāo
|zh_tl   = The Target Within Reach
|zh_note = 近在咫尺, "near at a very short distance": an idiom meaning to be almost within reach
|ja      = 間近に迫った目標
|ja_rm   = Midjika ni Sematta Mokuhyou
|ja_tl   = Soon-Approaching Goal
|ko      = 눈앞으로 다가온 목표
|ko_rm   = Nunapeuro Dagaon Mokpyo
|ko_tl   = Approaching Goal
|es      = Al alcance de la mano
|es_tl   = Within the Hand's Reach
|fr      = Si près du but
|fr_tl   = So Close to the Goal
|ru      = Так близко
|ru_tl   = So Close
|th      = เป้าหมายที่อยู่ใกล้เพียงคืบ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Gần Ngay Trước Mắt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Ziel zum Greifen nah
|de_tl   = The Target Within One's Grasp
|id      = Target di Depan Mata
|id_tl   = Target in Sight
|pt      = Na Palma das Mãos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Her Zamankinden Daha Yakın
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Così vicini
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter III}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 3]]

[[es:Al alcance de la mano]]