{{About|the Event World Quest|the Version 2.8 Event|Evermotion Mechanical Painting|the Furnishing item|"Evermotion Mechanical Painting"}}
{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Evermotion Mechanical Painting
|image         = Event Quest Evermotion Mechanical Painting.png
|type          = World
|summary       = [[Félix Yogue]] asks Traveler to find the missing components of his device.
|requirement   = 
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 18 or above
* Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]
|characters    = Félix Yogue; Paimon; Swan; Traveler
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|next          = Evermotion Mechanical Painting: Finale
|exp           = 
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
|event_name    = Evermotion Mechanical Painting
}}
'''''Evermotion Mechanical Painting''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Evermotion Mechanical Painting]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Félix Yogue]]
# Collect [[A Box of Components|Components]]
<!-- defeat Blazing Axe Mitachurl ×1, Hilichurl Grenadier ×2, Hilichurl Fighter ×1 -->
# Talk to Félix Yogue

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Félix Yogue, a person from the [[Court of Fontaine]], seems to be having some problems...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Félix Yogue:''' The passion of Mondstadt is well-founded, I say. More so than I imagined, in fact... even their [[hilichurls]] are so very lively.
:'''Swan:''' Regardless, Mr. Yogue, we ask that you not go out by yourself again.
:'''Félix Yogue:''' What? Then what about my machine? I'm still missing... um...
:'''Félix Yogue:''' 1, 2, 3... 18... 19 components!
:'''Swan:''' We've got adventurers working on finding them. Just wait here in the city where it's safe, please...
:'''Félix Yogue:''' But without that device, my... It's a matter of inspiration, you understand? What shall I do when inspiration strikes?
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Ah, it comes and it goes... Like a belch after a good drink, or a candle in the wind!
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Hmm, actually, that's not a bad analogy. I should write it down. I'm sure [[Xavier]] would love it...
:'''Swan:''' You...
:'''Swan:''' Huh? Honorary Knight? Ah, wonderful! Just the person I wanted to see! Please, over here!
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:{{DIcon}} Did something happen?
:'''Swan:''' Well, allow me to introduce you. This man here is from the Court of Fontaine...
:'''Félix Yogue:''' No man am I, but a daydreamer! That is how we name ourselves!
:'''Swan:''' ...So, Mr. Yogue, this is our Honorary Knight...
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Yogue! Félix Yogue. Salutations to you, Honorary Knight! Long have I heard of your many exploits.
:{{DIcon}} You know of me?
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Of course, of course! Who wouldn't?
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Your battle against [[Dvalin]] in Mondstadt made headlines in [[The Steambird]] for three whole weeks!
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Hahaha, if those reporters knew that I was speaking to you right now, why, they would be beside themselves with envy!
:{{DIcon}} What's The Steambird?
::'''Félix Yogue:''' Ah, you don't know? It's a... Ah, let's say it's a rather popular newspaper in the Court of Fontaine.
::'''Félix Yogue:''' You once got their sales up to record numbers, I'll have you know.
:{{DIcon}} Headlines, you say?
::'''Félix Yogue:''' Indeed! And you got their sales up to record numbers, to boot!
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Front-page, full-length, expert interviews up the wazoo, and the best hand-drawn illustrations Mora could buy! You made a lot of people mad Mora there.
:'''Swan:''' Well then... Traveler, Mr. Yogue, I shall leave you guys alone... I've got some other things to handle at the moment, if you'll excuse me.

:'''Swan leaves in a hurry...'''

:'''Félix Yogue:''' Ah, it is as I was told. The [[Knights of Favonius]] have a never-ending backlog of work.
:{{DIcon}} So, why are you here in Mondstadt?
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Me? Well, I'm actually planning to tour [[Teyvat]].
:'''Félix Yogue:''' As for the purpose of my trip, why, it is to promote these Kinesis Cores that I have made.
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Simply put, a Kinesis Core is a form of clockwork device. As long as its mainspring is wound from time to time, these cores can provide motive force for a long period of time.
:'''Félix Yogue:''' I even created a sort of perpetual-motion toy powered by the Kinesis Core to show off its capabilities. I call it the [["Evermotion Mechanical Painting"|Evermotion Mechanical Painting]].
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Unfortunately, while I'd love to show the device to you...
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Its allure was all too much for even monsters to resist.
:'''Félix Yogue:''' At the moment, they must have divvied my device up into many pieces in a manner most unfriendly, playing around with each component...
:'''Félix Yogue:''' I have, of course, asked for the help of the [[Adventurers' Guild]], but I have received no news from any adventurer so far...
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Honorary Knight, could you help me out as well, if you have a mind to?
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Believe me, neither my device nor the payment due will disappoint you!
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Wonderful. You are indeed a mighty adventurer, and a mighty sympathetic one, too. Just as the papers said!
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Ah, it's a shame that we're in Mondstadt. Were we in the Court of Fontaine, I would bring a few reporters from The Steambird for an exclusive interview with you.
:'''Félix Yogue:''' I'm sure that your charisma would bowl them over to the point where you'd be guaranteed another three weeks' worth of headlines &mdash; not to mention the requisite royalties.

;(Talk to Félix Yogue again)
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Well, {{MC|Mr.|Ms.|mc=1}} Honorary Knight, I leave the matter of these components to you.

;(After defeating the opponents)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, that's a big box of parts. This has gotta be the stuff Yogue wanted.

;(Return to Félix Yogue)
:'''Félix Yogue:''' You've returned, Honorary Knight. What news of the components?
:{{DIcon}} You mean these?
;(Submit [[A Box of Components]])
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Yes, indeed! Ah, this is wonderful! Heavens, yes!
:'''Félix Yogue''' Well now, since all the components have been returned to us, all that's left is to combine them...
:'''Félix Yogue:''' Well then... Honorary Knight, if you want, you can attempt to put all the pieces together.
:'''Félix Yogue:''' It will be an interesting experience, trust me!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|Evermotion Mechanical Painting|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[ru:Вечно движущаяся картина (задание)]]
[[pt-br:Pintura Mecânica de Movimento Perpétuo]]