{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Liyue
|chapter       = Ningguang
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest
|description   = Now that the banquet is over, next up is Ningguang's meeting with her informants.
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Business as Usual
|characters    = Baishi; Baiwen; Baixiao; Big Xu; Francis; Lao Ke; Little Long; Nannan; Ningguang; Traveler; Xingxi; Zhizhi
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Exchanging Intelligence''' is a quest in [[Ningguang]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest]].

==Steps==
# Go to [[Mingxing Jewelry]] to collect the item
# Meet the informants
# Go to the south wharf to meet the person behind the scenes
# Go see the children
# Play with the children at the north wharf

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to Mingxing Jewelery to collect the item)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hello, I'm here to collect the item I handed in for repair.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 xingxi 01.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Ah, Lady Ningguang. One moment please, I'll fetch it immediately.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Very good. Don't rush, now. Please handle it with care.
:{{DIcon}} Is it something very valuable?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hmm... Yes and no.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You probably imagine that Mingxing Jewelry deals exclusively in expensive luxury goods.
:{{DIcon}} True, that's my impression.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, not exclusively.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The workers here are very skilled, so I like to come to them when I need something custom-made.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This time, though, I just had them do a simple repair. The item is quite ordinary. In fact, the cost of the repair was more than the item was ever worth.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 xingxi 02.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Lady Ningguang. Your comb has been fixed. Please inspect it and see whether you're satisfied with our work.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 xingxi 03.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' We did everything we could to restore it to its original condition. You'll still see a few marks on there, though. This was unavoidable because of how badly damaged the item was.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That's fine. Thank you for your hard work.
:{{DIcon}} You were right about it being a little ordinary.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, though it is something very precious to one of my informants. It reminds her of her mother.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' My informants often provide me with extremely important information. It's only fair that I endeavor to meet any requests they have in return.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Trust is of far greater importance than profit in the relationship between me and my informants.
:{{DIcon}} I thought useful intel could only be bought with Mora.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It's understandable to think that way. And in the vast majority of cases, you'd be completely right.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But things are a little different with these particular informants. Mora doesn't get you very far with this crowd...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' And this only makes me all the more excited to meet with them.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Thank you for the repair, Xingxi. This is a great help.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 xingxi 04.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Oh, don't mention it. It's always a pleasure, Lady Ningguang.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913301 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Let's go and meet them.
;(Obtain [[Repaired Comb]] ×1)

;(Talk to Xingxi again)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 xingxi 01.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Take care, both of you. Please come again!

----

;(Meet the informants)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 zhizhi 01.ogg}} '''Zhizhi:''' Aunty Ningguang!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 littlelong 01.ogg}} '''Little Long:''' Hi, Aunty Ningguang!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hello my dears! It's been a long time, hasn't it?
:{{DIcon}} The informants are... children?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes indeed. And they are some of my most reliable helpers and friends.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I didn't want to involve them in intelligence gathering for me at first, but they, on the other hand, were so enthusiastic about the idea that I thought it couldn't hurt to try. I treated it as a little game between us.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It turned out that they delivered the goods and thoroughly enjoyed themselves while they were at it. So, it was a win-win.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' So! Fill me in, how have you all been doing?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 littlelong 02.ogg}} '''Little Long:''' Great! Mom and Dad have taken me on loads of cool trips recently. It's been loadsa fun!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 zhizhi 02.ogg}} '''Zhizhi:''' But... you didn't do your homework, did you...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 littlelong 03.ogg}} '''Little Long:''' Yeah, but... it's not my fault.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 zhizhi 03.ogg}} '''Zhizhi:''' You still gotta try. Like teacher says, Liyue Harbor is in a new age now, and we've got a really important part to play.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This new age started after that great battle, you know.
:{{DIcon}} I didn't know it would have such a profound impact.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Well, this is a dramatic change, unique in all of the millennia of Liyue's history. Everyone is eager to do their part and make their mark in the age of humanity.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' What about you, Nannan? You haven't said anything yet, and you're looking a little unhappy.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 01.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' I... I'm fine... Um... Just dunno what to say.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 littlelong 04.ogg}} '''Little Long:''' Oh yeah, I just remembered! A load of really big boats came into the harbor the day before yesterday!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 zhizhi 04.ogg}} '''Zhizhi:''' Yeah, that's right! All the merchants were there and it was really noisy, and then the people on the boat started unloading all these crates. There was a salty, kinda fishy smell in the air.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Oh, I see. That'll be the fishing boats coming back from the open ocean. How much cargo were they carrying? Remember, I taught you how you can tell.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 littlelong 05.ogg}} '''Little Long:''' Yep! I made sure to look at the waterline, just like you said. They looked really full this time!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' My goodness! Well, it sounds like they made quite a big catch.
:{{DIcon}} How can you tell?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The heavier the boat, the lower the hull sits in the water. So you can tell how heavily loaded a vessel is from the height of the waterline.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' How deep a fully loaded vessel will sit in the water varies from ship to ship. But it's something you can tell from experience, at least for the kinds of vessels you see regularly.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 littlelong 06.ogg}} '''Little Long:''' Hee-hee, since Aunty Ningguang taught me how to do it, I can tell with just one look!
:{{DIcon}} Very clever!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 02.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' Um, a few days ago, I heard some people saying that a big merchant from Fontaine is coming soon to buy Luminescent Spines.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 03.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' They said that when they get here... the price will go up a lot.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Oh, really?
:{{DIcon}} (That's the opposite of what Ningguang's analysis found out...)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Who did you hear this from? Do you remember what they looked like?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 04.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' Um... no, I don't remember...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Alright, never mind. So how about what they said &mdash; do you remember their exact words?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 05.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' Um... um, I don't remember that either. Sorry...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 littlelong 07.ogg}} '''Little Long:''' Are you okay? You're usually the one that talks the most. What's gotten into you today?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 16.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It's okay, don't be upset. Actually, I brought you a little something to cheer you up. How about that, hmm?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 06.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' It's... my comb! You remembered!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 17.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Of course I did. If I make you a promise, I will always keep it.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 07.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' Thank you, Aunty Ningguang. Thank you so much...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 18.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It was just a small favor, really. Nothing to get overexcited about.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 08.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' But... but they said you'd be too busy to remember about a boring old comb.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 19.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' "They"?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 09.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' Uh oh...
:{{DIcon}} (It looks like there's a story here.)
:{{DIcon}} (No wonder she was fumbling her words.)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 20.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It's alright, don't worry. There just seems to be some kind of misunderstanding here. Why don't you take this opportunity to clear it up? Don't you think that'd be best?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 zhizhi 05.ogg}} '''Zhizhi:''' Yeah! Aunty Ningguang's not gonna blame you.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 10.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' I'm sorry, I&mdash;I... I told you a lie...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 11.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' That thing about the Luminescent Spines wasn't something I heard. Um, two people came and told me to say it to you.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 12.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' I told them I didn't wanna lie to Aunty Ningguang, but, um, they told me you'd forgotten all about the comb, and I didn't know how to argue with them...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 13.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' Then they bought me a new comb, and, and I...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 14.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' I'm sorry! I'll give them the comb back right away! No comb is better than the one you helped get fixed for me!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 21.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I know how much it means to you. It was a gift from your mom before she left Liyue Harbor, wasn't it?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 15.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' Yep, it was! I'll be extra careful with it from now on. When mom gets back, she'll be so sad if she finds out I broke it...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 22.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I must say, this is most intriguing...
:{{DIcon}} It looks like someone is trying to scam you.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 23.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' How about this: You tell me where those two people are, and I'll take the comb back to them for you. Sound good?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 nannan 16.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' Okay... um, they're over at the docks. They said I should go and meet them when I've finished the mission...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 24.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Alright then. Don't worry, it'll all be fine. I'll be right back.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 littlelong 08.ogg}} '''Little Long:''' Are you gonna go punish the bad guys?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 25.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Now now, this is a grown-up situation, okay? It's not fun and games anymore. And don't try and follow me.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913302 ningguang 26.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I'm just going to have a polite discussion with those two grown-ups about what they're allowed to do and what they're not allowed to do.

;(Talk to Little Long again)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 littlelong 01.ogg}} '''Little Long:''' If you'd told us sooner, we would've figured out that it's a lie.

;(Talk to Zhizhi again)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 zhizhi 01.ogg}} '''Zhizhi:''' Yeah. All three of us together makes a pretty smart group!

;(Talk to Nannan again)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 nannan 01.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' I got it, thanks...

----

;(Go to the south wharf to meet the person behind the scenes)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 xu 01.ogg}} '''Big Xu:''' Don't you think that kid's gonna fluff her lines? Also... let's be honest, this is, uh, a new low for us...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 01.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' Ugh, yes, I know... but we didn't have any other options. Just try not to overthink it, okay? Nannan's one of Ningguang's most trusted informants.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 02.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' Ningguang adores that kid. She's not gonna get all suspicious just because her story doesn't quite add up.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It sounds like you underestimated me. And the children, as well.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 03.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' L&mdash;Lady Ningguang!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You knew how important that comb was to Nannan, and you exploited that fact to emotionally manipulate her.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You coached a child to lie, made her betray her own innocence and confuse her conscience. Do you not realize how contemptible that is?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 04.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' I... Uh...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 xu 02.ogg}} '''Big Xu:''' Sorry, Lady Ningguang! We... we never should have crossed you like this!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That's not the point. Business is business, and at some point we're all trying to get the better of one another. So if all you'd done is fool me by feeding me false information, I'd make a loss and that would be the end of it.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But you cannot put Mora above all else. You cannot go exploiting children for profit. Do you have any idea just how much damage that will cause?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 05.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' It was hardly our first choice either... We were only acting out of necessity.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 06.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' We've been business partners for years now. We've gotten by, I guess, but never had any opportunities to expand.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 07.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' When we heard about the movement in the Luminescent Spine market, we thought to heck with it. Let's go all in on this one, see if we don't get lucky for once.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 08.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' So we stocked up a huge stash of Luminescent Spines and watched as the price went up and up. We thought, this was gonna be it. We were gonna make our fortune.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 xu 03.ogg}} '''Big Xu:''' But we waited and waited and this mystery merchant from Fontaine never came. More and more people started to suspect it was all a huge scam.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 xu 04.ogg}} '''Big Xu:''' Suddenly, everyone with Luminescent Spines was running for the exit, selling as fast as they could. But we had so much inventory that no one was willing to buy it...
:{{DIcon}} And that's when you thought of Ningguang?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 09.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' Well, yeah. As soon as Lady Ningguang makes a move, everyone follows her lead, and the price takes a steep hike...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 10.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' If we don't sell the goods, we're both bankrupt. We're in debt up to our eyeballs! We just didn't have any other choices...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' To be brutally honest, "We took out a loan and made a speculative investment" is not a sob story.
:{{DIcon}} Your business analysis was correct.
:{{DIcon}} This supports your conclusion about the Luminescent Spine hype.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But not everyone has the capability to make rational decisions.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Greed, a lust for wealth, and impatience can all cloud your judgment.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Do you now realize how dire the consequences of wild speculation can be?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 11.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' A hundred percent. We've both barely slept in days.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 12.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' We begged people to take our stock off our hands... They laughed at us, called us idiots, thought it was all hilarious...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 xu 05.ogg}} '''Big Xu:''' We messed up. Completely and catastrophically messed up...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 xu 06.ogg}} '''Big Xu:''' The savings we worked so hard our whole lives to build up, decimated just like that. All we want now is a chance to start over.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hmm... Well, I can take your Luminescent Spines off your hands. But we will need a detailed contract.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The portion of what I pay that exceeds the average price of Luminescent Spines in the past, you will need to pay back to me by some means in our future business dealings.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 13.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' Huh? But... but that means our profit is zero...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Then you're free to find another willing buyer.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But if you're seriously still insisting on turning a profit under these circumstances, I'm afraid you're beyond redemption.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 xu 07.ogg}} '''Big Xu:''' Lady Ningguang is right. Let's swap the goods for cash and use it to pay off our debts, and be done with it. This is a lifeline, and we should be grateful for it. Forget about making money.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 14.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' Yes, yes, you're right...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I have no particular need for Luminescent Spines, but I'm quite sure I can uncover a market for it with a little research.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 15.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' Okay, so, uh... shall we get this deal done now, or...?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' No need to hurry. Our deal is hardly the urgent matter here. Atoning for your transgressions is the main order of business.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 16.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You took advantage of a child, and you are coming with me to make a full and unreserved apology.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 17.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This is an opportunity for you to show remorse.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 oldke 16.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' O&mdash;Okay...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913303 ningguang 18.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Come on, let's go back and see the children.

----

;(Go see the children)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' We're back. Everything's all sorted.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 nannan 01.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' Huh? Oh, it's those two...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 oldke 01.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' ...I'm sorry, Nannan. I was lying to you when I told you that Lady Ningguang wouldn't fix your comb.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 oldke 02.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' I was completely in the wrong, and I promise I'll never do anything like this again. Can you find it in your heart to forgive me?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 nannan 02.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' Hmmmm... What do you think, Aunty Ningguang?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I think it should be your choice, and yours alone.
:{{DIcon}} No matter what your decision is, we support you.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 nannan 03.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' Well...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 zhizhi 01.ogg}} '''Zhizhi:''' Since it's all sorted now, and nothing super bad happened, I guess it's okay.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 littlelong 01.ogg}} '''Little Long:''' But we can't just let them off. We gotta show them you don't mess with us!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That's true. I'd certainly hate to see anyone else try to con you.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 nannan 04.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' I've made up my mind.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 oldke 03.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' ...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 nannan 05.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' I want them to come play with us.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 oldke 04.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' ...Uh, what?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 littlelong 02.ogg}} '''Little Long:''' Yay! Now we have someone to play hide-and-seek with!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 zhizhi 02.ogg}} '''Zhizhi:''' Great idea! Let's go play hide-and-seek at the North Wharf!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 oldke 05.ogg}} '''Lao Ke:''' W&mdash;Wait a second...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 littlelong 03.ogg}} '''Little Long:''' Nope, no waiting! C'mon!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hehe, so full of energy.
:{{DIcon}} We should go with them.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913304 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, of course. I wouldn't feel comfortable leaving them alone with those two buffoons.

----

;(Play with the children at the north wharf)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Let me guess what you're thinking.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You're thinking that there's not a huge difference between me turning these children into my informants and the actions of those two businessmen. Am I right?
:{{DIcon}} You got me.
:{{DIcon}} I mean, it's not AS bad, but...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' They were completely different when I first met them.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' They'd run away as soon as they saw me, or they'd be shaking with nerves and unable to speak.
:{{DIcon}} You are Lady Ningguang, after all.
:{{DIcon}} I'd be nervous, too.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But gradually, they stopped seeing me as someone to be afraid of, and started seeing me as someone they can trust.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' For my part, I did my utmost to fulfill the duties of a responsible adult.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I played games with them, but I also taught them observation skills, analytical skills, how to think critically. I never taught business, though.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Now, they're much further ahead in their studies and far more mature than their peers. This has given them confidence in themselves.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I think that this is beneficial to them.
:{{DIcon}} You are a lot like a teacher to them.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, perhaps I am.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I never had the chance to receive a good education as a child. That's why I hope to teach these children myself. Hopefully I can pass on some of what I have learned.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Someday, they may realize that not everything is a win-win deal, that deception and one-upmanship are facts of life. But there's nothing wrong with that.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' When that happens, they will be ready to face the world head-on and become exceptional businessmen and women. But until then, I am here to protect them.
:{{DIcon}} Are you raising them to be your heirs?
:{{DIcon}} Are you raising them to be your competitors?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I will one day die, new Qixing will replace the old, and Liyue will continue to prosper.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I hope the name, Ningguang, will live on, but not as a person. As more of a symbol.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 16.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If I can pass on everything I have learned, I can create a legacy that will live on long after I am gone.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 littlelong 01.ogg}} '''Little Long:''' Come on, Aunty Ningguang! Hurry up!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 nannan 01.ogg}} '''Nannan:''' We're not gonna wait forever~!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 17.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Coming!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913305 ningguang 18.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Come on, let's enjoy this while we can.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: While the View Remains Good===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = While the View Remains Good
|character       = Ningguang
|act             = 1
|description     = Times flies and the good years slip away easily. But the name "Ningguang" will remain a symbol for generations to come.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Exchanging Intelligence
|zhs     = 情报交换
|zhs_rm  = Qíngbào Jiāohuàn
|zht     = 情報交換
|zht_rm  = Qíngbào Jiāohuàn
|zh_tl   = Information Exchange
|ja      = 情報交換
|ja_rm   = Jouhou Koukan
|ja_tl   = Information Exchange
|ko      = 정보 교환
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Intercambio de información
|es_tl   = Information Interchange
|fr      = Échange d'informations
|fr_tl   = Information Exchange
|ru      = Обмен информацией
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = แลกเปลี่ยนข่าวกรอง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trao Đổi Tình Báo
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Austausch von Informationen
|de_tl   = Exchange of Information
|id      = Pertukaran Informasi
|id_tl   = Information Exchange
|pt      = Troca de Informações
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}