{{Hidden Exploration Objectives Infobox
|image      = 
|type       = Quest-Like
|req        = Complete [[The Wild Fairy of Erinnyes]]
|region     = Fontaine
|area       = Erinnyes Forest
|subarea    = Loch Urania
|loc        = [[Loch Urania]], [[Erinnyes Forest]]
|characters = Pahsiv; Paimon; Traveler
|rewards    = {{Card List|Adventure EXP*350, Primogem*40, Varunada Lazurite Fragment*3, Guide to Equity*3, Xenochromatic Crystal*6}}
}}
'''Exchange! Pahsiv!''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] that takes place in [[Loch Urania]], [[Erinnyes Forest]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Pahsiv]]
# Give Pahsiv all 6 [[Foggy Forest Branch]]es and empty out her shop's stock with [[Tidalga]]s

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this Hidden Exploration Objective awards the {{Achievement|Tomorrow, and Tomorrow, and Tomorrow}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Pahsiv)
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon! {{Traveler}}!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, it's you, Pahsiv! Nice to see you again! What are you doing around here?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv... working! Pahsiv... tired! Pahsiv... lie down!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? You're... working?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Foggy Forest Branch... Foggy Forest Branch... very throw!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? What's a Foggy Forest Branch?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Foggy Forest Branch... Information!
:'''Pahsiv:''' [[Weeping Willow of the Lake|Willow]], collect. [[Foggy Forest Path|Mist]], handle. Spring, send.
:'''Paimon:''' Foggy Forest Branch... Mist information!
:{{DIcon}} So you mean it's information about the Foggy Forest Path?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Foggy Forest Branch... very throw! Very many places!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv... searching! Pahsiv... tired! Pahsiv... eat! Pahsiv... lie down!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Foggy Forest Branch... Very not many! But boxes, very many!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Ah... Thank you Paimon, thank you {{Traveler}}, here!
:{{DIcon}} You found us a treasure chest again?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv! Box, treasure, flower, shiny, sweet, very many!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, so there's other stuff, too? Y'know, Pahsiv, you're real nice, but it'd be bad if we kept taking your stuff for free. Why don't we exchange things instead?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Ex... change?
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! We're friends, and friends should exchange gifts in earnest with one another!
:'''Paimon:''' So, we're gonna help you find your Foggy Forest Branches, and exchange those for your stuff. Whaddya say?
:{{DIcon}} And we can get you some stuff to eat, too.
:'''Paimon:''' Right, we can do that! You're having a hard time by yourself, after all.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Eat! Tidalga! Pahsiv!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' You like Tidalga?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Tidalga! Tidalga! Tidalga Tidalga Tidalga!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, does that mean you eat five meals, or five Tidalga a day? Uh... Wow, you might have Paimon beat for appetite!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, what about the Branches, then? Can we find 'em by following the Foggy Forest Path?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Melusine...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Foggy Forest Branch... very throw! Very many places! Very Erinnyes!
:{{DIcon}} The Branches are all over Erinnyes, then?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Smart {{Traveler}}! Pahsiv!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Foggy Path has flowers. Branches, also flowers!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Branch, branch, branch, branch, branch, branch... Number!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Oh, Paimon gets it now. The Branches can be found in places with the [[Lakelight Lily|same flowers]] as the Foggy Forest Path, and there are six locations, right?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Smart Paimon! Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, guess we're all clear now, eh? Make sure you rest up, Pahsiv. Just leave this to us!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon, {{Traveler}}, good thing! So slowly, slowly! Pahsiv!

;(Talk to Pahsiv again)
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon! {{Traveler}}!
:{{DIcon}} We brought the Branches.
::'''Pahsiv:''' Branches! Branches! Pahsiv!
:;(Opens submission menu)
:{{DIcon|Shop}} I brought some Tidalga.
::'''Pahsiv:''' Tidalga! Tidalga! Tidalga Tidalga Tidalga! Swap!
:;(Opens shop menu)
::'''Pahsiv:''' Thanks, Paimon. Thanks, {{Traveler}}! Thanks, Tidalga!
::'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv!
----
;(After submitting {{Item|Foggy Forest Branch|x=6}})
:'''Paimon:''' It's nice to see you so happy, Pahsiv, but uh, what are we gonna use these for, again?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Foggy Forest Branch, very many useful! That visitor, very many useful!
:{{DIcon}} So this is something that visitor needs?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv! Branch... Information!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Ah... Thank you, Paimon, thank you, {{Traveler}}. Treasure, give!

;(After submitting all Branches and buying all available items)
:'''Pahsiv:''' Boxes... Treasures... Melusine...
:'''Paimon:''' Um, Pahsiv, did we run you all outta stuff?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv... go out! Pahsiv... find!
:{{DIcon}} It's fine if you don't have anything with you.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right. We can just give you Tidalga anyway!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Melusine!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon, friend... earnest! {{Traveler}}, friend... earnest! So... swap!
:'''Paimon:''' Um, well, alright then. How long will you be out, Pahsiv? Are we gonna see you around?
:'''Pahsiv:''' See... around?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, that's how we express the desire to meet again!
:{{DIcon}} "See you around" is how we say goodbye.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right. We did say previously that we'll teach you how to say goodbye, didn't we? Well, why don't you try saying it?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Good... bye?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, do you not know what that means?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Well, you can consider it a sort of exchange or swap, too. Kinda like swapping one tomorrow for another...
:'''Paimon:''' You take a bit of your tomorrow and give it to us, and we'll give a bit of ours to you &mdash; and that's how we'll meet again! What do you think? Get it now?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Swap tomorrow... for tomorrow! Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, looks like you get it! In that case, let's say "see you around" for now &mdash; that way, we'll definitely meet again!
:'''Paimon:''' See you around! Pahsiv!
:{{DIcon}} See ya!
:'''Pahsiv:''' See you, {{Traveler}}! See you, Paimon!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Hidden Exploration Objective Navbox|Quest-Like}}