{{Event Tabs
|subpage2 = Combat Units
|subpage1 = Stratagems
}}

==Combat Units==
{|class="article-table tdc1" style="width: 100%"
!Name
!Information & Description
<!--Hilichurls-->
|-id="Anemo Samachurl"
|{{Card|Anemo Samachurl|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Anemo|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Hilichurls}}<br>
* Basic Ranged unit that {{Color|bp|cannot target Flying units}} and casts a {{Color|bp|Vortex}} at enemies on the ground after being deployed: Continually sucks in opponents within range, dealing Anemo DMG.<br>Normally summons whirlwinds to attack, which deal {{Color|bp|AoE}} Anemo DMG to enemy Ground units.
* A gamepiece based on Anemo Samachurls.<br>A wizened, mumbling hilichurl, one that spreads the message of Anemo. For reasons unknown they have mastered the secret of commanding the flowing winds.<br>"Anemo" often plays a pivotal role on the battlefield, and effectively using the effects created by its power can yield considerable advantages. Using these commonly-found Anemo Samachurls as a starting point to research Anemo-based tactics not only acts as a cost-saving measure, but allows for steady, incremental progress.
|-id="Hydro Samachurl"
|{{Card|Hydro Samachurl|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Hydro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Single-Target}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Hilichurls}}<br>
* Basic Ranged unit that {{Color|bp|cannot target Flying units}} and casts {{Color|bp|Healing Rain}} immediately after being deployed: Create an area where rain continually falls, applying Hydro and healing your targets.<br>Normally recites incantations, aiming at a single enemy Ground unit, dealing Hydro DMG after a short period.
* A gamepiece based on Hydro Samachurls.<br>A wizened, mumbling hilichurl, one that chants of the power of Hydro. For reasons unknown they have mastered the secret of summoning water and rain.<br>"Hydro" often plays a pivotal role on the battlefield, and effectively using the effects created by its power can yield considerable advantages. Using these commonly-found Hydro Samachurls as a starting point to research water-based tactics not only acts as a cost-saving measure, but allows for steady, incremental progress.
|-id="Hilichurl Fighter"
|{{Card|Hilichurl Fighter|Lv.20|type=Enemy|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Hilichurls}}<br>
* Basic Melee unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|4 members}}. They use clubs to attack enemies, dealing Physical DMG. They may have a fearsome offense, but they are rather frail.
* A gamepiece based on Hilichurl Fighters. Each unit has 4 fighters.<br>The primitive wandering inhabitants of Teyvat's wildernesses, they are tribal warriors with a simple belief in the power of their physical prowess.<br>Compared to the massive Mitachurls, they are far nimbler. In battle, their club-wielding style of fighting is more similar to ordinary soldiers, and they can sometimes even cooperate well with their companions, making them an excellent sample for researching teamfighting tactics.
|-id="Cryo Hilichurl Shooter"
|{{Card|Cryo Hilichurl Shooter|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Cryo|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{ESS Attribute|Hilichurls}}<br>
* Basic Ranged unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|2 members}}. They fire Ice Arrows at enemies, dealing Cryo DMG. Well-suited to being deployed in the rear, attacking enemies from the back ranks.
* A gamepiece based on Cryo Hilichurl Shooters. Each unit has 2 shooters.<br>The primitive wandering inhabitants of Teyvat's wildernesses. These archers wield simple crossbows, and unmelting ice shrouds their arrowheads.<br>Based on field observations, Hilichurl Shooters will cooperate with their comrades who are better suited to close-quarters combat, forming the basic elements of combined arms combat tactics by coordinating ranged fire with melee attacks, and understand concentrating firepower on key targets. Hilichurl Shooters are therefore considered a standard ranged unit, useful for undertaking in-depth research that will produce easily applicable results...
|-id="Electro Hilichurl Shooter"
|{{Card|Electro Hilichurl Shooter|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Electro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{ESS Attribute|Hilichurls}}<br>
* Basic Ranged unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|2 members}}. They fire Electro arrows at enemies, dealing Electro DMG. Well-suited to being deployed in the rear, attacking enemies from the back ranks.
* A gamepiece based on Electro Hilichurl Shooters. Each unit has 2 shooters.<br>The primitive wandering inhabitants of Teyvat's wildernesses. These archers wield simple crossbows, and their arrowheads are crafted from carved Electro Crystals that will deliver an electric shock upon impact.<br>Based on field observations, Hilichurl Shooters will cooperate with their comrades who are better suited to close-quarters combat, forming the basic elements of combined arms combat tactics by coordinating ranged fire with melee attacks, and understand concentrating firepower on key targets. Hilichurl Shooters are therefore considered a standard ranged unit, useful for undertaking in-depth research that will produce easily applicable results...
|-id="Pyro Hilichurl Shooter"
|{{Card|Pyro Hilichurl Shooter|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Pyro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{ESS Attribute|Hilichurls}}<br>
* Basic Ranged unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|2 members}}. They fire Pyro arrows at enemies, dealing Pyro DMG. Well-suited to being deployed in the rear, attacking enemies from the back ranks.
* A gamepiece based on Pyro Hilichurl Shooters. Each unit has 2 shooters.<br>These archers wield simple crossbows, and their arrowheads are coated with a thin layer of flammable material that can set their targets on fire.<br>Based on field observations, Hilichurl Shooters will cooperate with their comrades who are better suited to close-quarters combat, forming the basic elements of combined arms combat tactics by coordinating ranged fire with melee attacks, and understand concentrating firepower on key targets. Hilichurl Shooters are therefore considered a standard ranged unit, useful for undertaking in-depth research that will produce easily applicable results...
|-id="Crackling Axe Mitachurl"
|{{Card|Crackling Axe Mitachurl|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Electro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{ESS Attribute|Hilichurls}}<br>
* Elite Melee unit. Swings its massive axe to deal {{Color|bp|AoE Electro DMG}} to nearby foes.
* A gamepiece based on Crackling Axe Mitachurls.<br>Muscular hilichurls who wield large, two-handed axes. Attacks with large strikes and uses Electro Slimes to infuse their axes with Electro. Their blows are very lethal, and they can seriously pressure a defensive line made up of ordinary humans.<br>In addition, Crackling Axe Mitachurls are widely distributed, and their numbers are nothing to sneeze at. They can be considered a "mainstay frontline unit" among monsters, and by focusing research on understanding the characteristics of their combat, generalized tactics for dealing with similar-sized monsters may be formulated.
|-id="Blazing Axe Mitachurl"
|{{Card|Blazing Axe Mitachurl|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Pyro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{ESS Attribute|Hilichurls}}<br>
* Elite Melee unit. Swings its massive axe to deal {{Color|bp|AoE Pyro DMG}} to nearby foes.
* A gamepiece based on Blazing Axe Mitachurls.<br>Muscular hilichurls who wield large, two-handed axes. Strong enough to infuse their battle axes with remarkably destructive Pyro Elemental energy, they can seriously pressure a defensive line made up of ordinary humans.<br>In addition, Blazing Axe Mitachurls are widely distributed, and their numbers are nothing to sneeze at. They can be considered a "mainstay frontline unit" among monsters, and by focusing research on understanding the characteristics of their combat, generalized tactics for dealing with similar-sized monsters may be formulated.
|-id="Frostarm Lawachurl"
|{{Card|Frostarm Lawachurl|Lv.30|type=Enemy|element=Cryo|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Hilichurls}}<br>
* Apex Melee unit. Periodically uses earthshaking attacks and heavy blows to deal {{Color|bp|AoE Cryo DMG}}.<br>After being deployed, it will apply {{Color|bp|Cryo elemental Frost Armor}} to itself. While the Frost Armor exists, the Frostarm Lawachurl's skills will be enhanced and it will take less damage, but the Armor will break after a set period of time or being subject to enough Elemental Reactions.
* A gamepiece based on a Frostarm Lawachurl.<br>A mysterious "lord" of hilichurls that stalks the snow and fog.<br>This huge hilichurl is referred to as a "lawa" by its brethren. Its body, honed to the very limit, almost seems to blend into its Cryo-filled environment, and its stoic nobility is like that of the frozen northland rivers.<br>To normal humans, units of this level can be considered among the greatest threat. They must be pinned down by tough melee squads, allowing precise strikes from ranged troops to weaken the foe, before finally combining their strength to repel it. Adding this unit into the wargame is the equivalent of adding a variable akin to a "great general," which helps push the tactical deductions that can be made to the absolute maximum.
|-id="Hydro Hilichurl Rogue"
|{{Card|Hydro Hilichurl Rogue|Lv.30|type=Enemy|element=Hydro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Hilichurls}}<br>
* Apex Melee unit. Periodically squeezes a Hydro Slime to {{Color|bp|unleash large quantities of Hydro bubbles}}, dealing Hydro DMG and immobilizing weaker enemies.<br>Normally uses a scythe to perform spinning attacks, dealing {{Color|bp|AoE Hydro DMG}}.
* A gamepiece based on a Hydro Hilichurl Rogue.<br>Hilichurl wanderers unaffiliated with any specific tribe. They can often be found roving the wilds as if in voluntary exile. They seem to possess a higher level of intelligence than commonplace hilichurls.<br>Among the humanoid enemies commonly enocuntered by the armed forces and adventurers of various nations, Hydro Hilichurl Rogues are considered among the most dangerous. They wield their scythes dexterously and lethally, and only the most elite and skilled warriors can face them alone. For these reasons, warriors often consider this humanoid capable of breaking through formations, and will focus their forces on dealing with them first.
<!--Elemental Lifeforms-->
|-id="Hydro Slime"
|{{Card|Hydro Slime|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Hydro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Elemental Lifeforms}}<br>
* Basic Melee unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|3 members}}, and they are {{Color|bp|immune to Hydro DMG}}. They will bounce and attack nearby enemies, dealing Hydro DMG.
* A gamepiece based on Hydro Slimes. Each unit has 3 slimes.<br>A small monster created by the sedimentation of Hydro dispersed throughout nature, it is one of the most common dangers faced by adventurers and the security services of various nations alike.<br>For a human warrior with a given amount of training, a single slime poses a very limited threat. But when moving in groups, they become far more dangerous. They can be considered a standard unit for executing Elemental warfare, and discovering effective tactics for dealing with other Elemental creatures.
|-id="Pyro Slime"
|{{Card|Pyro Slime|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Pyro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Elemental Lifeforms}}<br>
* Basic Melee unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|3 members}}, and they are {{Color|bp|immune to Pyro DMG}}. They will bounce and attack nearby enemies, dealing Pyro DMG.
* A gamepiece based on Pyro Slimes. Each unit has 3 slimes.<br>A small monster created by the sedimentation of Pyro dispersed throughout nature, it is one of the most common dangers faced by adventurers and the security services of various nations alike.<br>For a human warrior with a given amount of training, a single slime poses a very limited threat. But when moving in groups, they become far more dangerous. They can be considered a standard unit for executing Elemental warfare, and discovering effective tactics for dealing with other Elemental creatures.
|-id="Electro Slime"
|{{Card|Electro Slime|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Electro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Elemental Lifeforms}}<br>
* Basic Melee unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|3 members}}, and they are {{Color|bp|immune to Electro DMG}}. They will bounce and attack nearby enemies, dealing Electro DMG.
* A gamepiece based on Electro Slimes. Each unit has 3 slimes.<br>A small monster created by the sedimentation of Electro dispersed throughout nature, it is one of the most common dangers faced by adventurers and the security services of various nations alike.<br>For a human warrior with a given amount of training, a single slime poses a very limited threat. But when moving in groups, they become far more dangerous. They can be considered a standard unit for executing Elemental warfare, and discovering effective tactics for dealing with other Elemental creatures.
|-id="Cryo Slime"
|{{Card|Cryo Slime|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Cryo|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Elemental Lifeforms}}<br>
* Basic Melee unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|3 members}}, and they are {{Color|bp|immune to Cryo DMG}}. They will bounce and attack nearby enemies, dealing Cryo DMG.
* A gamepiece based on Cryo Slimes. Each unit has 3 slimes.<br>A small monster created by the sedimentation of Cryo dispersed throughout nature, it is one of the most common dangers faced by adventurers and the security services of various nations alike.<br>For a human warrior with a given amount of training, a single slime poses a very limited threat. But when moving in groups, they become far more dangerous. They can be considered a standard unit for executing Elemental warfare, and discovering effective tactics for dealing with other Elemental creatures.
|-id="Hydro Mimic Finch"
|{{Card|Hydro Mimic Finch|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Hydro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Deploy Freely}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Elemental Lifeforms}}<br>
* Basic Melee unit. Can be deployed into enemy formations. It can use its leaping attacks to deal {{Color|bp|AoE}} Hydro DMG, and is {{Color|bp|immune to Hydro DMG}}.<br>Deals {{Color|bp|AoE}} Hydro DMG after being defeated.<br>{{Color|bp|Special: Ambush}}. When it enters the field, it will be deployed directly into the enemy combat zone.
* A gamepiece based on Hydro Mimic Finches.<br>A Hydro Mimic creature created by the concentrated life force of Oceanids. Only a very small number of elite soldiers among the participating forces have seen such beings before.<br>Their pure Hydro-elemental body structure and area of effect Hydro attacks are both highly worthy of study, for any force that can effectively resist Hydro Mimic Finches can fend off other creatures with devastating offensive capabilities and maintain the integrity of their defensive line.
|-id="Mutant Electro Slime"
|{{Card|Mutant Electro Slime|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Electro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Elemental Lifeforms}}<br>
* Elite Melee unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|2 members}}. Can ram enemies, dealing {{Color|bp|AoE Electro DMG}}. {{Color|bp|Immune to Electro DMG}}.<br>Periodically charges itself and nearby Electro Slimes, dealing {{Color|bp|AoE Electro DMG}}.
* A gamepiece based on Mutant Electro Slimes. Each unit has 2 members.<br>A monster created by the coalescing of Electro dispersed throughout nature.<br>Electro Slimes can undergo mutations to become bright yellow. Due to the abundant Electro within its form, it will deliver an electric shock to its surroundings from time to time, and it can even cause nearby Electro Slimes to release electric arcs.<br>As one of the medium-level threats most often faced by adventurers and the armed forces of various nations, and as it has some ability to cooperate, it is eminently suited to filling in the line of battle.
|-id="Large Hydro Slime"
|{{Card|Large Hydro Slime|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Hydro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{ESS Attribute|Elemental Lifeforms}}<br>
* Elite Ranged unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|2 members}}. It can attack individual opponents with Hydro bubbles, immobilizing weaker enemies. {{Color|bp|Immune to Hydro DMG}}.
* A gamepiece based on Large Hydro Slimes. Each unit has 2 members.<br>A monster created by the sedimentation of Hydro dispersed throughout nature. A larger and more powerful Hydro Slime that can create bubbles to entrap its enemies. It is said that they can grow to truly staggering sizes if given an energy-rich environment.<br>As one of the medium-level threats most often faced by adventurers and the armed forces of various nations, it is eminently suited to filling in the line of battle.
|-id="Large Cryo Slime"
|{{Card|Large Cryo Slime|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Cryo|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{ESS Attribute|Elemental Lifeforms}}<br>
* Elite Ranged unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|2 members}}. Attacks individual opponents with icy thorns. {{Color|bp|Immune to Cryo DMG}}.<br>This unit has a {{Color|bp|Cryo Elemental Shell}} that protects itself. The Shell will break after being subjected to enough Elemental Reactions.
* A gamepiece based on Large Cryo Slimes. Each unit has 2 members.<br>A monster created through the coagulation of Cryo in the natural environment. These slimes can use the abundant Cryo energies within themselves to freeze the moisture in the atmosphere and form a protective shell around themselves. They can also utilize a similar principle to freeze the water around them.<br>As one of the medium-level threats most often faced by adventurers and the armed forces of various nations, it is eminently suited to filling in the line of battle.
|-id="Electro Specter"
|{{Card|Electro Specter|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Electro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Elemental Lifeforms}}<br>
* Elite Flying unit that will {{Color|bp|take flight}} after being deployed. Unleashes Thunderstrikes that deal {{Color|bp|AoE Electro DMG}}. {{Color|bp|Immune to Electro DMG}}.
* A gamepiece based on Electro Specters.<br>A monster born from highly-concentrated Electro elements that can float in the air.<br>As a relatively compact and resilient flying monster, Specters have long been considered the touchstone for anti-aerial defensive capabilities by the armies of various nations. The results of attacking them with ordinary bows are far from ideal, and the mobility of more powerful ballistae and cannons is quite limited. Perhaps a highly mobile firing platform with significant firepower is required to deal with them...
|-id="Pyro Specter"
|{{Card|Pyro Specter|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Pyro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Single-Target}} {{MSES Attribute|Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Elemental Lifeforms}}<br>
* Elite Flying unit that will {{Color|bp|take flight}} after being deployed. Launches Pyro energy projectiles at individual enemy units. {{Color|bp|Immune to Pyro DMG}}.
* A gamepiece based on Pyro Specters.<br>A monster born from highly-concentrated Pyro elements that can float in the air.<br>As a relatively compact and resilient flying monster, Specters have long been considered the touchstone for anti-aerial defensive capabilities by the armies of various nations. The results of attacking them with ordinary bows are far from ideal, and the mobility of more powerful ballistae and cannons is quite limited. Perhaps a highly mobile firing platform with significant firepower is required to deal with them...
|-id="Cryo Specter"
|{{Card|Cryo Specter|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Cryo|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Single-Target}} {{MSES Attribute|Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Elemental Lifeforms}}<br>
* Elite Flying unit that will {{Color|bp|take flight}} after being deployed. Launches Cryo energy projectiles at individual enemy units. {{Color|bp|Immune to Cryo DMG}}.
* A gamepiece based on Cryo Specters.<br>A monster born from highly-concentrated Cryo elements that can float in the air.<br>As a relatively compact and resilient flying monster, Specters have long been considered the touchstone for anti-aerial defensive capabilities by the armies of various nations. The results of attacking them with ordinary bows are far from ideal, and the mobility of more powerful ballistae and cannons is quite limited. Perhaps a highly mobile firing platform with significant firepower is required to deal with them...
|-id="Eye of the Storm"
|{{Card|Eye of the Storm|Lv.30|type=Enemy|element=Anemo|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Elemental Lifeforms}}<br>
* Apex Flying unit. {{Color|bp|Takes flight}} after being deployed. {{Color|bp|Immune to Anemo DMG}}. It will create a Vortex that sucks in nearby enemies, and then it will drop from the air to deal {{Color|bp|AoE Anemo DMG}}.
* A gamepiece based on an Eye of the Storm.<br>The corporeal form of extremely high-quality Anemo energies, it recklessly, heedlessly wields storms to all but sweep nearby enemies off their feet.<br>Due to their strong staying power and ability to stay in midair for extended periods, Eyes of the Storm are an iconic heavy Flying unit. Their addition to the wargames allows for research into effective methods for armies to repel such high-pressure aerial threats.
<!--Mystical Beasts-->
|-id="Floating Anemo Fungus"
|{{Card|Floating Anemo Fungus|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Anemo|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Mystical Beasts}}<br>
* Basic Flying unit that will {{Color|bp|take flight}} after being deployed. Launches Anemo energy projectiles at enemy units that require a period of charging, dealing {{Color|bp|AoE Anemo DMG}}.
* A gamepiece based on Floating Anemo Fungi.<br>A spore organism of some intelligence. It possesses extreme adaptability. Its hollow umbrella-like structure gives it excellent buoyancy, allowing it to float, suspended in midair. It is a classic small to mid-size Flying unit. When using the power of Anemo to attack, it can affect targets within a certain area of effect — a trait worthy of study. Its relatively moderate movement speed makes it an easy target for most soldiers, but its cuteness in both appearance and habit makes it difficult to pull the trigger...
|-id="Floating Hydro Fungus"
|{{Card|Floating Hydro Fungus|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Hydro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Mystical Beasts}}<br>
* Basic Flying unit that will {{Color|bp|take flight}} after being deployed. Launches Hydro bubbles at enemy units that require a period of charging, dealing Hydro DMG and immobilizing weaker enemies.
* A gamepiece based on Floating Hydro Fungi.<br>A spore organism of some intelligence. It possesses extreme adaptability. It appears quite fragile, and most individuals found out in the wild are generally harmless, yet some Floating Hydro Fungi have significant capabilities of understanding, and have great potential to assist warriors in battle. For this reason, studying their battle patterns could improve your martial capabilities.
|-id="Hydro Cicin"
|{{Card|Hydro Cicin|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Hydro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Mystical Beasts}}<br>
* Basic Flying unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|3 members}}. It will {{Color|bp|take flight}} after being deployed, launching a Hydro Bullet Attack at enemies.
* A gamepiece based on Hydro Cicins. Each unit has 3 members.<br>A very small creature that can manipulate Hydro a little bit. Its strength isn't anything to write home about, but under certain conditions, it can exert considerable power — Thanks to its compact dimensions and ability to fly beneath the treetops, it is difficult to detect Cicins, making early warning difficult. When conducting raids, they are often already nearly on top of their targets before they are discovered, by which point it is far too late to organize a defense. For this reason, using groups of Cicins as the hypothetical enemy is more than sufficient when training soldiers to deal with small, agile targets.
|-id="Electro Cicin"
|{{Card|Electro Cicin|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Electro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Mystical Beasts}}<br>
* Basic Flying unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|3 members}}. It will {{Color|bp|take flight}} after being deployed, launching an Electro Bullet Attack at enemies.
* A gamepiece based on Electro Cicins. Each unit has 3 members.<br>A very small creature that can manipulate Electro a little bit. Its strength isn't anything to write home about, but under certain conditions, it can exert considerable power — Thanks to its compact dimensions and ability to fly beneath the treetops, it is difficult to detect Cicins, making early warning difficult. When conducting raids, they are often already nearly on top of their targets before they are discovered, by which point it is far too late to organize a defense. For this reason, using groups of Cicins as the hypothetical enemy is more than sufficient when training soldiers to deal with small, agile targets.
|-id="Geovishap Hatchling"
|{{Card|Geovishap Hatchling|Lv.25|type=Enemy|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Deploy Freely}} {{ESS Attribute|Mystical Beasts}}<br>
* Elite Melee unit that can be deployed to enemy ranks. Uses spinning attacks to deal {{Color|bp|AoE Physical DMG}} in an area around it.<br>{{Color|bp|Special: Ambush}}. When it enters the field, it will be deployed directly into the enemy combat zone.
* A gamepiece based on Geovishap Hatchlings.<br>A young vishap with a hard Geo exoskeleton. Vishaps are exceptionally agile creatures that one would be wise not to underestimate in battle.<br>Thanks to their special way of moving, Geovishap Hatchlings have the ability to execute surprise attacks, covering distance quickly. The protection their armor offers against ordinary weapons is also an important part of their overall combat efficacy. Understanding the combat capabilities of such monsters is an effective way to increase the ability of each nation's military forces to deal with fast-moving, heavily armored units.
|-id="Bubbler Seahorse"
|{{Card|Bubbler Seahorse|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Electro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{ESS Attribute|Mystical Beasts}}<br>
* Elite Ranged unit that normally attacks with an Electro orb fired from its tail, dealing {{Color|bp|AoE Electro DMG}}.<br>This unit has an {{Color|bp|Electro elemental Fontemer shell}}, which will break after receiving a certain amount of elemental reactions. After the shell is broken, it will switch to a spraying attack, dealing Hydro DMG to a single enemy unit.
* A gamepiece based on Bubbler Seahorses.<br>The adult form of a male Bubbly Seahorse. It is extremely aggressive and can utilize the power of both Electro and Hydro in combat.<br>Dangerous creatures with element-based defenses can be difficult foes to face, and anyone who faces them must exercise the highest level of caution. In addition, Bubbler Seahorses can attack with both Electro and Hydro, making them extremely valuable subjects for research. Naturally, while most soldiers will never have the chance to dive and engage in underwater combat, the lessons learned from this enemy will aid them in containing foes more widely found and yet more deadly...
|-id="Winged Cryoshroom"
|{{Card|Winged Cryoshroom|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Cryo|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Single-Target}} {{MSES Attribute|Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Mystical Beasts}}<br>
* Elite Flying unit that will {{Color|bp|take flight}} after being deployed. Charges to attack enemies in the air and swoops down to attack enemies on the ground, dealing Cryo DMG.
* A gamepiece based on Winged Cryoshrooms.<br>A mimetic life form made out of spores that has extreme adaptability.<br>Going well past mere appearances, this being even imitates the habits of birds. When it flies about, it will scatter icy flowers in its wake. These crystal cores, too, are spores.<br>As this creature has a position of command amongst colonies of fungal beasts, it can be seen as a kind of command unit that increases overall combat power, training warriors on how to take out an enemy's command center.
|-id="Sternshield Crab"
|{{Card|Sternshield Crab|type=Enemy|Lv.25|element=Pyro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Single-Target}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{ESS Attribute|Mystical Beasts}}<br>
* Elite Ranged unit that normally attacks by firing a Pyro orb, dealing Pyro DMG.<br>This unit has a {{Color|bp|Pyro elemental Fontemer shell}}, which will be broken after receiving a certain amount of elemental reactions. After the shell is broken, it will switch to a close-quarters attack, dealing Physical DMG.
* A gamepiece based on Sternshield Crabs.<br>A crab that makes its home in borrowed shells. After finding a shell that fits its current size and getting used to the shell's characteristics, it can display considerable offensive and defensive capabilities. Just like it's name of "Sternshield" implies, normal human weapons have a hard time taking out targets with such full-body armor at a stroke. They also have the ability to propel Pyro forth, attacking enemies at range, so they're practically mobile turrets, and thus the ideal enemy for warriors to practice assaulting fortified positions.
|-id="Consecrated Red Vulture"
|{{Card|Consecrated Red Vulture|Lv.30|type=Enemy|element=Pyro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Mystical Beasts}}<br>
* Apex Melee unit. Will unleash a large quantity of {{Color|bp|flaming feathers}} when attacking for the first time after being deployed, dealing {{Color|bp|AoE Pyro DMG}}.<br>Normally uses its wings in sweeping attacks, dealing {{Color|bp|AoE Pyro DMG}}.
* A gamepiece based on Consecrated Red Vultures.<br>A scavenging bird of prey that has mutated after feeding from greater lifeforms. The greater lifeforms devoured by Consecrated Beasts often have nigh-immortal consciousness that can never be fully silenced or eradicated. The very power and consciousness gained by Consecrated Beasts devouring these lifeforms will, in turn, drive them to seek more violence and carrion. The Consecrated Red Vulture was included in the wargames precisely because of the danger it poses, as one of the highest threat-level units.
|-id="Consecrated Scorpion"
|{{Card|Consecrated Scorpion|Lv.30|type=Enemy|element=Electro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Mystical Beasts}}<br>
* Apex Melee unit. Will unleash a large quantity of {{Color|bp|Electro stings}} when attacking for the first time after being deployed, dealing Electro DMG in a {{Color|bp|huge area}}.<br>Normally attacks continuously with its pincers, dealing {{Color|bp|AoE Electro DMG}}.
* A gamepiece based on Consecrated Scorpions.<br>An arthropod that has mutated after feeding from greater lifeforms. For ordinary travelers and adventurers, running into a Consecrated Scorpion is basically a death sentence. In order to find ways to fight against and exterminate these extremely dangerous creatures, this extremely dangerous creature was added to the wargame, such that the armed forces can carefully research how to effectively attack and defend against them through accumulating extensive experience...
<!--Human Factions-->
|-id="Treasure Hoarder Scout"
|{{Card|Treasure Hoarder Scout|Lv.20|type=Enemy|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{ESS Attribute|Human Factions}}<br>
* Basic Ranged unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|3 members}}. Hurls throwing knives to deal Physical DMG.<br>{{Color|bp|Special: Squad Reserves 2}}. The squad has 2 reserve members, which will replace squad members that fall on the field.
* A gamepiece based on a Treasure Hoarder Scout, each unit has 3 members.<br>A member of the decentralized criminal organization that has footprints all over the continent and even deep within unknown domains. Within the group, this unit is usually responsible for scouting and tailing. Their equipment may be quite crude, but can sometimes still be very annoying...<br>This kind of "lightly armed human faction" is the classic example of a unit consisting of large numbers of low-threat members. Though not particularly difficult to deal with, they are useful for training warriors to deal with waves of enemy harassment.
|-id="Treasure Hoarder Handyman"
|{{Card|Treasure Hoarder Handyman|Lv.20|type=Enemy|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{ESS Attribute|Human Factions}}<br>
* Basic Melee unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|3 members}}. Uses fisticuffs to deal Physical DMG.<br>{{Color|bp|Special: Squad Reserves 2}}. The squad has 2 reserve members, which will replace squad members that fall on the field.
* A gamepiece based on a Treasure Hoarder Handyman, each unit has 3 members.<br>A member of the decentralized criminal organization that has footprints all over the continent and even deep within unknown domains. Among the Treasure Hoarders, these individuals engage in physical labor, and will display surprising agility and strength when the group is under attack.<br>This kind of "lightly armed human faction" is the classic example of a unit consisting of large numbers of low-threat members. Though not particularly difficult to deal with, they are useful for training warriors to deal with waves of enemy harassment.
|-id="Treasure Hoarder Pyro Potioneer"
|{{Card|Treasure Hoarder Pyro Potioneer|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Pyro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{ESS Attribute|Human Factions}}<br>
* Basic Ranged unit that throws reagent bottles towards opponents, dealing {{Color|bp|AoE Pyro DMG}}.<br>When a Ground opponent is hit, a burning zone will be left on the Ground, dealing continuous Pyro DMG.
* A gamepiece based on Treasure Hoarder Pyro Potioneers.<br>A member of the decentralized criminal organization that has footprints all over the continent and even deep within unknown domains. Risk-takers who utilize their knowledge of chemistry to mix volatile and flammable brews that aid in their comrades' dastardly deeds.<br>Though as individuals, their combat skills are completely unremarkable, the Pyro Element reagent bottles they hurl create dangerous areas that continually burn, giving them the ability to effectively pin down their enemies. Learning about suppressive tactics and area denial from such a classic example is beneficial to soldiers of all stripes.
|-id="Nobushi: Kikouban"
|{{Card|Nobushi: Kikouban|Lv.20|type=Enemy|element=Electro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Single-Target}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{ESS Attribute|Human Factions}}<br>
* Basic unit with both Ranged and Melee capabilities. Periodically uses its Thunderbow to attack Ground or Flying units, dealing Electro DMG.<br>Normally uses its iai tachi to attack Ground units, dealing Physical DMG.
* A gamepiece based on Nobushi: Kikouban.<br>Samurai who have fallen into banditry. They possess highly advanced sword skills and also use crossbows to ambush opponents, using any means to win.<br>Compared to ordinary bandits or Treasure Hoarders, this kind of foe has many more combat styles at their disposal. Their movements can be quite varied and difficult to predict, making them a subject worthy of detailed study. Using them as a unit during the wargame is conducive to training the thinking capabilities of soldiers, such that they might avoid suffering losses should they cross swords with such foes in the future.
|-id="Kairagi: Fiery Might"
|{{Card|Kairagi: Fiery Might|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Pyro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Single-Target}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Human Factions}}<br>
* Elite Melee unit with excellent staying power. {{Color|bp|Taking time to concentrate power}} into their katana, they deal massive Pyro DMG to a single enemy unit.<br>{{Color|bp|Special: Final Frenzy}}. After friendly Kairagi units are defeated, they heal themselves and are immune to control effects for a time. (Can only trigger once per battle)
* A gamepiece based on Kairagi: Fiery Might.<br>Samurai who have fallen into banditry. They possess highly advanced martial arts skills, and can use the Kamuna art, which should have been lost, to infuse their blades with the power of Pyro using talismans.<br>This type of foe has a robust physique, and are individually quite powerful. They are up to being used as the tip of the spear in assaults, breaking through defensive lines with evenly distributed forces. Researching their tactical tendencies is useful for resisting enemy units capable of rapidly penetrating defensive lines, or for setting up agile defense systems that allow for quickly concentrating forces to defend against dangerous foes before they can break through to the rear.
|-id="Kairagi: Dancing Thunder"
|{{Card|Kairagi: Dancing Thunder|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Electro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Single-Target}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Human Factions}}<br>
* Elite Melee unit with excellent staying power. {{Color|bp|Taking time to concentrate power}} into their katana, they deal massive Electro DMG to a single enemy unit.<br>{{Color|bp|Special: Final Frenzy}}. After friendly Kairagi units are defeated, they heal themselves and are immune to control effects for a time. (Can only trigger once per battle)
* A gamepiece based on Kairagi: Dancing Thunder.<br>Samurai who have fallen into banditry. They possess highly advanced martial arts skills, and can use the Kamuna art, which should have been lost, to infuse their blades with the power of Electro using talismans.<br>This type of foe has a robust physique, and are individually quite powerful. They are up to being used as the tip of the spear in assaults, breaking through defensive lines with evenly distributed forces. Researching their tactical tendencies is useful for resisting enemy units capable of rapidly penetrating defensive lines, or for setting up agile defense systems that allow for quickly concentrating forces to defend against dangerous foes before they can break through to the rear.
|-id="Eremite Sunfrost"
|{{Card|Eremite Sunfrost|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Cryo|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Human Factions}}<br>
* Elite Melee unit. {{Color|bp|Takes time to concentrate power}} into dual blades, dealing {{Color|bp|AoE Cryo DMG}}.
* A gamepiece based on Eremite Sunfrosts.<br>A professional mercenary who cares about nothing outside of work and the mission at hand.<br>As a warrior who has long wandered the harsh and unforgiving sands, they are formidable in combat even without unleashing the broken ominous spirits sealed within their weapons. Due to how their fighting style balances power and speed, the efficacy of a Sunfrost in battle is comparable to that of a squad. Their ability to use Cryo skills can provide significant control over the battlefield...
|-id="Eremite Desert Clearwater"
|{{Card|Eremite Desert Clearwater|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Hydro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Single-Target}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Human Factions}}<br>
* Elite Melee unit. Attacks multiple times with its blade, dealing Hydro DMG to a single enemy unit.
* A gamepiece based on Eremite Desert Clearwaters.<br>A young lady lost in the ancient dream of the desert songs. To her, the thrill of bloody battle is her true reward.<br>The Desert Clearwater is the classic example of an agile yet deadly light unit that can use their mobility to take advantage of weak points while two sides are locked in combat to play a decisive role in deciding the outcome. The way she locks onto a single enemy and launches a continuous and ferocious assault is enough to make the soldiers of any army consider their tactics carefully before facing such a foe...
|-id="Eremite Scorching Loremaster"
|{{Card|Eremite Scorching Loremaster|Lv.30|type=Enemy|element=Pyro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Single-Target}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{ESS Attribute|Human Factions}}<br>
* Apex ranged unit. {{Color|bp|Summons}} a Spirit of Omen: Scorpion after being deployed. The Eremite Scorching Loremaster and Spirit of Omen: Scorpion will work together, each dealing Pyro DMG to a single opponent.
* A gamepiece based on Eremite Scorching Loremasters.<br>A person hailing from the loosely-organized mercenary bands of the desert. Even though they will work for anyone as long as the pay is good, they will never forget their roots in the Great Red Sand, memorizing and passing on the poems and secret histories like sparks in the wind and raindrops in clouds.<br>Should they be unfortunate enough to find themselves facing a Scorching Loremaster, the danger to warriors and adventurers alike comes not just from her outstanding individual prowess, but also her wisdom and planning, which are unlike those possessed by any monsters. Courage, concentration, and constant clear-headed resolve are necessary to defeat such a foe.
|-id="Eremite Galehunter"
|{{Card|Eremite Galehunter|Lv.30|type=Enemy|element=Anemo|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{ESS Attribute|Human Factions}}<br>
* Apex ranged unit. {{Color|bp|Summons}} a Spirit of Omen: Glede after being deployed. The Eremite Galehunter and Spirit of Omen: Glede will work together, each dealing {{Color|bp|AoE Anemo DMG}}.
* A gamepiece based on Eremite Galehunters.<br>A person hailing from the loosely-organized mercenary bands of the desert. They are considered among the most experienced of archers, using longbows instead of the more commonly found mechanical crossbows. They do not even need their eyes — merely their ears, with which they sense the flow of wind and sand alike — to judge the location of their foes. Their lethal skill with bows allows wargaming responses to powerful long-range suppression tactics.
<!--Automatons-->
|-id="Suppression Specialist Mek - Ousia"
|{{Card|Suppression Specialist Mek - Ousia|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Pyro|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Single-Target}} {{MSES Attribute|Ranged}} {{ESS Attribute|Automatons}}<br>
* Elite Ranged unit that fires homing missiles, attacking a single enemy and dealing Pyro DMG.
* A gamepiece based on Suppression Specialist Meks.<br>A specialist clockwork meka adapted from the Cal. Scherbius type. They are primarily designed for offensive purposes. Outside of Fontaine, they can use pre-prepared Energy Blocks to move over short distances for short periods of time.<br>As an autonomous weapon of similar size to ordinary human soldiers, the dimensions and offensive capabilities of this meka have reached a certain balance, making it easier to deploy, move, and conceal. The combination of formidable ranged firepower and robust armor allows it to manifest significant offensive and defensive capabilities at the same time, and it is thus rated as a pillar of the battlefield.
|-id="Nimble Harvester Mek - Pneuma"
|{{Card|Nimble Harvester Mek - Pneuma|Lv.25|type=Enemy|element=Anemo|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|Team}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Automatons}}<br>
* Elite Melee unit. Each squad has {{Color|bp|2 members}}. Periodically {{Color|bp|charges}}, dealing Anemo DMG to enemies in a straight line.<br>Will normally stay in the same spot performing spinning attacks that deal Physical DMG.
* A gamepiece based on Nimble Harvester Meks — Pneuma. Each unit has 2 members.<br>A clockwork meka designed to excavate and transport sand and soil that is powered by the energy produced from pneuma-ousia annihilation reactions. For this wargame simulation, it was designed as a unit that can only have the Pneuma alignment. Thanks to its unique appearance, it can quickly buzzsaw forward, striking targets along a straight line with considerable destructive force. Tactics developed to deal with this kind of meka can be adapted to defend against and respond to the attacks of catapults, rolling boulders, and all kinds of other tough monsters that make use of spinning movement.
|-id="Ruin Guard"
|{{Card|Ruin Guard|Lv.25|type=Enemy|show_caption=1|nolink=1}}
|
{{MSES Attribute|AoE}} {{MSES Attribute|Melee}} {{MSES Attribute|Cannot Target Flying}} {{ESS Attribute|Automatons}}<br>
* Elite Melee unit with strong staying power, this machine uses mechanical combat methods to deal {{Color|bp|AoE Physical DMG}}.
* A gamepiece based on Ruin Guards.<br>An ancient humanoid war machine armed with "explosive firepower" that can be found all over Teyvat. The armed services of various nations often use it as the default hypothetical enemy, and look for ways to destroy them from medium to long range. This is because the immense power they possess would utterly overwhelm ordinary people, and engaging in close combat with them is a very bad idea. Based on preliminary analysis, Ruin Guards are far more destructive towards buildings than to small, agile units, and so they have been designated as playing the role of the terrifyingly strong battering ram in this simulation.
|}