{{Event Tabs
|subpage2 = Combat Units
|subpage1 = Stratagems
}}

==Open-World Dialogue==
===Ematol===
{{Transclude|Ematol|Exercise Surging Storm|main=1|top=1}}

===Phonia===
{{Transclude|Phonia|Exercise Surging Storm|main=1|top=1}}

==Epilogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Gain a total of 4000 Wargame Medals)
:'''Phonia:''' Thank you for your help, Honorary Knight and your Helper in White. You are indeed the famed heroes of Mondstadt &mdash; your Wargame records are marvels worthy of repeated breakdown and analysis.
:{{DIcon}} Hehe, go us!
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, well, {{Traveler}}'s faced down countless monsters in real life! Guess we've been a big help to the Knights of Favonius after all, huh?
:{{DIcon}} Just glad I could help.
:'''Phonia:''' Yes, this Wargame has gone very well indeed. Both the 7th Company and the Knights as a whole could gain much from analyzing these results.
:'''Phonia:''' This way, our efforts to improve security in the areas surrounding Mondstadt should go more smoothly. For example, we'll be better able to deal with [[Big Pudgy Problem!|sudden attacks of Slimes]] on [[Tunner|older folk]], or [[Urgent Repairs|hilichurls assaulting caravans]]...
:'''Paimon:''' Y'know, Paimon somehow feels like that's happened waaaay too many times... Wait, does this mean that they'll never happen again?
:'''Phonia:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' R... Right?
:'''Phonia:''' It will take some time, but we...
:'''Ematol:''' Phonia! Phonia! Listen&mdash; Oh, it's you, Honorary Knight, and your Helper in White! Hey there!
:'''Phonia:''' ...What is it this time?
:'''Ematol:''' C'mon, what's with that face? I was just going to give a report regarding the Wargames...
:'''Ematol:''' Hmph. Anyway! While I was "wargaming in silence" &mdash; just as you requested, by the by &mdash; I discovered something incredible!
:'''Paimon:''' Something super duper incredible?
:'''Ematol:''' That's absolutely right! You see, even though these are just simulations, if we multiply explosive power by ten times...
:'''Ematol:''' Wouldn't that miniaturized explosive arrow we developed previously be enough to beat a Ruin Guard in one hit?
:'''Paimon:''' ?
:{{DIcon}} ?
:'''Phonia:''' ...
:'''Phonia:''' Let me just ask you this first... Why did you have to multiply the power by ten?
:'''Ematol:''' Well, that would make the simulation results prettier, wouldn't it? I mean, it might not be possible in real life, but such data is always exciting, right?
:'''Ematol:''' So long as we work hard toward that goal, we might someday get those very results! To create a beautiful explosion that has almost one-tenth of a Jumpy Dumpty's power... Ahhh...
:'''Phonia:''' Well, you should have multiplied the explosion's power by a hundred times, then.
:'''Ematol:''' Huh? Oh, right! Well, that's Phonia for you. If we multiplied the explosive force by a hundred times, then we could... We could defeat just about any monster!
:'''Ematol:''' Especially if we also used the enhanced model equipped with the Spikey Fish King-Type Tactical Core. That could destroy a whole group of Ruin Graders with one shot&mdash;
:'''Phonia:''' Really? Then why stop there? Why not multiply it ten million times? Perhaps we might even blow the Favonius Cathedral up to where it can have a nice chat with the Fontaine Research Institute.
:'''Phonia:''' And then, once the church strings you up for all to see, I can finally cut ties with you and find a normal tenant to rent out my house to.
:'''Ematol:''' Uhhh... I was kidding, you know? Just kidding, I swear!
:'''Phonia:''' Don't worry, so was I. I'm your direct superior, in any case. Were you to be strung up in public, I'd be on the hook for negligence as well. Besides, I can't find anyone to rent the house out to, anyway.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, so the joke's that you don't actually have prospective tenants... Wait, that's a terrible joke!
:'''Phonia:''' Aaanyway, thanks again for your help, you two. And Ematol? When you get back, you're going to reflect on changing simulation parameters of your own accord &mdash; no arguing.
{{Dialogue End}}

[[pt-br:Jogo de Guerra/5.2/História]]
[[ru:Натиск яростной бури/История]]