{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19045
|image         = Hangout Event Expansive Eya.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Bennett
|actNum        = I
|act           = Fantastic Voyage (Hangout Event)
|startLocation = [[Thousand Winds Temple]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Thousand Winds Temple
|prev          = Adventurous Acquaintance
|domain        = Deserted Ruins of Eya
|characters    = Bennett; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Expansive Eya''''' is a quest in the fourth branch of {{Quest|Fantastic Voyage (Hangout Event)}}.

==Steps==
# Enter the ruins
#* Enter [[Temple of the Wolf]]'s Quest Domain: [[Deserted Ruins of Eya]]
# Talk to Bennett
# Accompany Bennett and proceed onward
# Talk to Bennett
# Activate the mechanism
# Talk to Bennett
# Accompany Bennett and proceed onward
# Talk to Bennett
# Investigate the room with Bennett
#* There are three investigation spots
# Talk to Bennett
# Wait for Bennett to unlock the gate mechanism
# Solve the puzzle of the mechanism
#* Solution: First activate the mechanism surrounded by '''three''' torches, then the one with '''one''' torch, then the one with '''two''' torches.
# Help Bennett open the treasure chest

==Gameplay Notes==
* The order of the mechanisms to activate for the final puzzle is based on the placement of the torches around the mechanism.
** The smaller 3×3 pattern around the mechanism with one torch shows the position of the first mechanism to activate in the larger 3×3 grid.
** The pattern around the mechanism with two torches shows the first position as well as the position of the second mechanism to activate.
** The pattern around the mechanism with three torches shows the first two positions as well as the position of the third mechanism to activate.
* Solving the puzzle without making any mistakes will give the player the {{Achievement|The Power of Luck}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|An adventurer requires naught but courage and strength. The two of you prepare to head directly to the [[Deserted Ruins of Eya]].}}
===Expansive Eya===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Bennett after entering the ruins)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904501 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It feels pretty ordinary here... I was expecting some kind of sense of impending doom.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904501 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Could it be that because you're here with me, I'm feeling more at ease? Hehe...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904501 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I've caught the scent of treasure in the air! Come on, let's go!
----
;(Talk to Bennett after following him into the next room)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' This room's setup seems to be somewhat tricky.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' The things that stand out are the two mechanisms in front of us, one on the left, and one on the right.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But... it seems like there's some sort of danger lurking around the mechanisms...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' If my years of adventure experience are anything to go by, it would be a disaster if we activated the wrong mechanism, haha.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' How about letting me try it out first?
:{{Hangout Branch|Go ahead! We won't get anywhere just staring at them.|#Ending: No Wonder It's a Top-Class Commission|Ending: No Wonder It's a Top-Class Commission}}
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hehe, leave it to me.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah, but as you know, I really don't have any luck.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' So I'll leave it to you to decide which of these two mechanisms we should trigger.
::{{DIcon}} The one on the left.
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' That's the one I was thinking of too! Let's see...
::{{DIcon}} The one on the right.
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Actually I was thinking of the one on the left, so maybe that means that the one on the right must be the correct one. Let me see...
::'''???:''' *clicking sounds*
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' What was that noise...?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh no! It looks like all the exits are blocked! Guess I still managed to get the wrong one.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 13.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' This... this is really bad...
::
::<h4>Ending: No Wonder It's a Top-Class Commission</h4>
::<dl><dd><dl><dd>{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = No Wonder It's a Top-Class Commission
|character       = Bennett
|act             = 1
|description     = As expected of an A-rank commission! One misstep and we're stuck in here!
}}</dd></dl></dd></dl>
:{{Hangout Branch|Hmm, how can I let you face the danger alone?|#Ending: Fortunate Outcome|Ending: Fortunate Outcome}}
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 14.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hmm... I could try it out myself...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 15.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But... What do you think we should do? Let's do it your way!
::{{DIcon}} Take one each, activate them simultaneously.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 16.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Well, that's a possibility... yeah.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904502 bennett 17.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Let's try it then! I'll take the right side, you take the left!
----
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904505 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Go stand by the mechanism, and when we're both ready, let's trigger them!
::
:;(After activating the mechanism)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904507 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Cooool! The door is open. We got it right!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904507 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Good thing we went with your idea. You definitely live up to your reputation.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904507 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' And... I haven't had this feeling of working together with friends in ages. I've really missed it, hehe.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904507 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Anyway, let's move on!
----
:;(Talk to Bennett after following him into the next room)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh... so this room has...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...Four mechanisms. Which means...
::{{DIcon}} We need four people...
::{{DIcon}} Two of us won't be enough...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' That's what I'm thinking, based on the last room...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I think we're gonna need four people to trigger all the mechanisms at the same time.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ahhh... If only the rest of Benny's Adventure Team were here...
::{{DIcon}} What's the deal with Benny's Adventure Team, anyway?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...I hate to admit it, but the truth is... it's gone. It remains in name alone.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' The only reason Katheryne hasn't deregistered "Benny's Adventure Team" is because she took pity on me.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' In fact... *sigh* the number of adventurers on the team has been below the registration requirements for a long time already.
::{{DIcon}} You mean... you're the only one left?
::{{DIcon}} All the other members are gone?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Haha... yeah. Royce, Heckler, and Jack were all members of Benny's Adventure Team.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' A lot of things went down, but mostly it ended because of my bad luck.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I completely understand why they quit the team. I'd never want to put them in danger on my account. *sigh*
::{{DIcon}} Don't take it personally.
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Yeah, I felt really let down at first, but I'm pretty much used to it now. It's okay!
::{{DIcon}} They're all traitors. (&minus;1 Heart)
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 13.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Heh, don't say that! Adventurers should be free to do what they please, so leaving an adventure team is a completely normal thing to do.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 14.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Even though I'm the only one left on Benny's Adventure Team... One day, I'm gonna make sure its name is known all over Teyvat!
::{{DIcon}} You can do it, Bennett!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 15.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hehe, thank you.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 16.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Let's focus on the problem at hand...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 17.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah, sorry, the thought of the adventure team got me all sentimental.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 18.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Now that I think about it more carefully... Maybe we're making too many assumptions about the solution to these mechanisms.
::{{DIcon}} You mean, the solution may be different from the previous room?
::{{DIcon}} You're right, we shouldn't jump to conclusions.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904503 bennett 19.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Exactly. Okay, I'll take a quick look at these mechanisms while you look around for any other clues.
----
:;(Investigating the first clue)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904508 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There doesn't seem to be anything here...
:;(Investigating the second clue)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904508 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's so dusty. Paimon bets no one has been here in a long, long time.
:;(Investigating the third clue)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904508 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey that looks like a notebook!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904508 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's grab it and check it out with Bennett, shall we?
::;(Obtain {{Item|Lost Adventure Notebook}})
::
:;(Talking to Bennett)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' An adventurer's notebook? What's it doing here...?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Maybe it's got some clues on how to crack these mechanisms! Shall we take a look?
::;(Opens the [[Lost Adventure Notebook]]):
::: "Eric can't hold on any longer... We had no choice but to give up. I'll leave this notebook here. Maybe this treasure is destined for someone else.
::: As you may have noticed, the {{Color|help|mechanism installed by the door needs someone operating it constantly}}. Otherwise, the other mechanisms cannot be operated.
::: But there's a catch...
::: The person operating the mechanism by the door takes on an enormous risk.
::: If the other mechanisms are operated in the wrong sequence, that person will face...
::: One other word of advice:
::: {{Color|help|The number or torches does not indicate the sequence of operation}}... We made that mistake, and paid a painful price. Perhaps... {{Color|help|the order has something to do with the position of the torches on the ground}}?
::: What is the answer?
::: Oh, how I wish to know...
::: But Eric physically can't take any more..."
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Whoa... It really does have some information about them.
::{{DIcon}} It's some very valuable guidance.
::{{DIcon}} Why do I feel... it's a bit ominous?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It seems that the writer is holding something back.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Well, since they've placed their hopes on future adventurers, we can't let them down.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' The notes say that the mechanism at the entrance needs to be controlled by someone continuously...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But if the mechanisms are activated in the wrong sequence, the person in charge of the mechanism at the entrance will...
::{{DIcon}} Get hurt?
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Yeah, I guess that's what the notes are referring to when they say... "Eric can't hold on anymore"...
::{{DIcon}} ...Die?
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Uh... You think so!? Surely it can't be that bad!
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It says in the notes that Eric "can't hold on anymore." That at least proves that it is possible to "hold on" up to a point.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Anyway, I'll take that role.
::{{DIcon}} Who says it's up to you?
::{{DIcon}} We should at least do rock, paper, scissors...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Haha, it's okay, it's okay. Getting injured is just part of my daily routine.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 13.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'm pretty used to it by now. At the very least, I should be able to last longer than this Eric guy, haha.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 14.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' And more importantly, I trust you!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 15.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' You can definitely crack this mechanism puzzle, right? I mean come on! You're the great adventurer that I've always admired.
::{{DIcon}} Bennett...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 16.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Alright, alright, let's just focus on solving these mechanisms!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 17.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Remember what the notes say... Hmm...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 18.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' "The number of torches is not the hint for the activation sequence..."
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 19.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' "Perhaps... the sequence is related to the position of the torches on the ground."
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 20.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Well, don't put too much pressure on yourself just because you're afraid I'll get hurt!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904504 bennett 21.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Just go with your gut and do it.
----
:;(The first time you fail)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904511 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ow! Argh... it's okay, it's okay. If this is as bad as it gets, I can handle it.
:;(The second time you fail)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904511 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah! *cough* *cough* I'm fine... don't let me influence your... thinking...
:;(If you fail thrice)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904511 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ugh... is it over yet... I think I...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904511 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'm... sorry...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904511 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I don't think my body... can... take this anymore...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904511 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'm sorry... I failed you... ''(&minus;5 Hearts)''
::;'''Hangout Event Ended'''<br>Journey Over
----
:;(After completing the puzzle)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904511 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' You... you solved it?
::{{DIcon}} Yeah, piece of cake.
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904511 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Haha! That's the great adventurer I'm talking about! Awesome!
::{{DIcon}} All thanks to you, Bennett. (+1 Heart)
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904511 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh! Uh... heh, I didn't really do anything. You're the one who nailed this.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904511 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Let's go and open the chest, shall we? I can't wait!
::
:;(Open the Luxurious Chest)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904506 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Wow, that was quite a haul!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904506 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' This must be the proudest moment for any adventurer!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904506 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Not only getting the chest, but having this golden opportunity to join you on an adventure. For me, that's a pretty major treasure already, hehe...
::{{DIcon}} The feeling is mutual.
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904506 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Really! Then I'm honored, haha.
::{{DIcon}} The chest is the most important thing here.
:::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904506 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hmm... I guess you're right, finding chests is where the real romance of being an adventurer lies!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904506 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But there's one other thing that I find the most amazing of all...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904506 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' The fact that nothing really bad happened to us this whole adventure. This is the first time in my whole adventure career that it's ever turned out this way!
::{{DIcon}} This is just one of the many possible outcomes.
::{{DIcon}} But it shows that fortunate outcomes do exist.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904506 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' That sounds very deep... but I think I get what you're saying.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904506 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' You are saying that no matter how unlucky I might be, there will always be times when luck is on my side, right?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904506 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Yeah... This is a really big thing for me.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904506 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' And you know, I have a feeling that...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904506 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...It was your kindness and goodwill towards me that helped me avoid a lot of bad luck... even find a little good luck...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904506 bennett 13.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hehe, it's a bit embarrassing to say that out loud, but all in all, thank you... for everything!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904506 bennett 14.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I hope I get to go on another adventure with you soon!
::
::<h4>Ending: Fortunate Outcome</h4>
::<dl><dd><dl><dd>{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Fortunate Outcome
|character       = Bennett
|act             = 1
|description     = Perhaps it was your goodwill that allowed you to snatch hold of some good luck amid all that misfortune.
}}</dd></dl></dd></dl>
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Expansive Eya
|zhs     = 埃伊亚遗迹冒险
|zhs_rm  = Āiyīyà Yíjì Màoxiǎn
|zht     = 埃伊亞遺蹟冒險
|zht_rm  = Āiyīyà Yíjī Màoxiǎn
|zh_tl   = Eya Ruins Adventure
|ja      = エイア遺跡大冒険
|ja_rm   = Eia Iseki Daibouken
|ja_tl   = Great Adventure in Eya Ruins
|ko      = 에야의 유적 모험
|ko_rm   = Eya-ui Yujeok Moheom
|ko_tl   = Eya Ruins Adventure
|es      = Aventura en las ruinas de Eya
|es_tl   = Adventure at the Eya Ruins
|fr      = Au cœur d'Eya
|fr_tl   = In the Heart of Eya
|ru      = Исследование руин Эйа
|ru_tl   = Eya Ruin Investigation
|th      = การผจญภัยในซากปรักหักพังแห่ง Eya
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thám Hiểm Di Tích Eya
|vi_tl   = Explore Eya Ruins
|de      = Abenteuer in den Ruinen von Eya
|de_tl   = Adventurer in the Ruins of Eya
|id      = Eya yang Luas
|id_tl   = Vast Eya
|pt      = Aventuras nas Ruínas de Eya
|pt_tl   = Adventures at the Eya Ruins
|tr      = Geniş Eya
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La vastità delle rovine
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[ja:エイア遺跡大冒険]]