{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Progression
|type2        = Game Systems
}}
'''Experience (EXP)''' can refer to multiple ways of [[progression]] in [[Genshin Impact]].

==General==
World and Character growth are the central progression systems.
*{{Item|Adventure EXP}} increases [[Adventure Rank]].
*{{Item|Character EXP}} increases the Level of each [[Character]].

==Items==
[[Weapons]] and [[Artifacts]] can also be leveled by [[Weapon EXP]] and [[Artifact EXP]] respectively. Both EXP values have no in-game icon.

==Reputation==
Each nation has their own [[Reputation]] EXP:
*{{Item|Mondstadt Reputation EXP}}
*{{Item|Liyue Reputation EXP}}
*{{Item|Inazuma Reputation EXP}}
*{{Item|Sumeru Reputation EXP}}

==Events==
Some events have their own event experience that go along with them.
*{{Item|Battle Pass EXP}} is used to progress in the [[Battle Pass]].
*{{Item|Lantern Rite Festive Fever}} is used to progress in the [[Lantern Rite]] event.
*{{Item|Moonchase Festival Festive Fever}} is used to progress in the [[Moonlight Merriment]] event.
*{{Item|Weinlesefest Festive Fever}} is used to claim rewards in the [[Of Ballads and Brews]] event.

==Other Forms of EXP==
*{{Item|Companionship EXP}} increases the [[Friendship Level]] of each Character besides the [[Traveler]]. Increasing Friendship Levels gradually reveals new pieces of lore in the character's profile, among other perks.
*{{Item|Trust}} is used to increase [[Trust Rank]] in the [[Serenitea Pot]] Housing system.
*{{Item|Player EXP}} is used to increase [[Player Level]] in [[Genius Invokation TCG]].

==Navigation==
{{EXP Navbox|All}}

[[Category:Experience| ]]

[[ru:Опыт]]