{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12010
|image         = Story Quest Yoimiya A1 Expectations Not to Be Betrayed.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Carassius Auratus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = Dreamlike Timelessness
|character     = Yoimiya
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Amenoma Tougo; Hajime; Kouichi (Expectations Not to Be Betrayed); Morihiko; Naganohara Ryuunosuke; Paimon; Sakujirou; Traveler; Yoimiya
|startLocation = [[Naganohara Fireworks]], Inazuma City, Inazuma
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          = The Firework Girl's Strange Stories
|next          = A Sliver of Hope
|exp           = 500
|mora          = 31,125
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|voiced        = yes
}}

'''Expectations Not to Be Betrayed''' is the second part of [[Yoimiya]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Carassius Auratus Chapter]]: Act I - [[Dreamlike Timelessness]].

==Steps==
#Prepare a boat for [[Sakujirou]] alongside Yoimiya
#Look for firework materials in the city
#*Talk to [[Morihiko]]
#Go to [[Amenoma Smithy]]
#Head to the designated location to meet [[Kouichi (Expectations Not to Be Betrayed)|Kouichi]]
#Go and confirm the ships' condition
#Tell Sakujirou the ship's location

==Gameplay Notes==
*Morihiko can be found near [[Kuroda]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You return with [[Yoimiya]] to [[Naganohara Fireworks]], but discover a stowaway hiding inside the shop named [[Sakujirou]]. To prevent his capture at the hands of the [[Tenryou Commission]], you must find a way for him to leave [[Inazuma]] while preparing for a fireworks show.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After talking to Yoimiya at [[Naganohara Fireworks]])
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh yeah, if it's fine with you, can I ask how you two first met?
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 paimon 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo xglq002 1 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{MC|He|She|mc=1}} saved me from drowning this one time, and after that we started traveling together... Why do you ask?
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, nothing... I'm just quite envious of your relationship.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If my pops had a person like you around, his being deaf wouldn't hold things up all the time.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' ...Huh? Why do you look so excited?
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Because, because...
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You said "person," and not "floating child," or "mascot"!

;(Knock on Window)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq002 sakujirou 01.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Thank you for helping me with the escape plan.
:{{A|vo dialog xglq002 sakujirou 02.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' I wish I wasn't so indecisive...

;(Talk to Naganohara Ryuunosuke)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq002 naganohararyuunosuke 01.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Hehe, she's always full of life.
:{{A|vo dialog xglq002 naganohararyuunosuke 02.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' That's my girl, that's my girl...
----
;(Upon reaching the location)
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' [[Kouichi (Expectations Not to Be Betrayed)|Kouichi]]! I'm here, how is the boat coming along?
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 kouichi 01.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Yeah, it's... alright, I guess. Um, I was questioned though...
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 kouichi 02.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Wait, wait. Should we really be talking about this in front of them?
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 06a.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, don't worry, they're my friends, you can trust them! They came with me to check up on the boat.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! You could say we're all in the same BOAT here! Haha...
:{{DIcon}} Pleasure to meet you.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 kouichi 03.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Oh, I see... Sorry, I didn't mean to doubt you, I'm just being cautious. The boat is ready, but I'll have to be discreet moving it here.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why is that?
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 kouichi 04.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Because of the [[Sakoku Decree]]. The [[Tenryou Commission]] is really suspicious of any kind of seaborne vessel. Even the smallest ones &mdash; they'll stop and interrogate us, demanding to know what we plan on doing with it. It's a real nuisance.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I understand. I'm sorry for dragging you into this mess...
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 kouichi 05.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Haha, don't be silly. I'm actually happy that you came to me for help. I've always come to you for fireworks, and again this time &mdash; so just consider this my way of saying thank you.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 kouichi 06.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Right, I'll go fetch the boat now. I should be back shortly.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Thank you! If it's on the way, you can always pick up your fireworks from my house. Everything was made in strict accordance with what was on the paper slip, you won't find the slightest thing wrong with them.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 kouichi 07.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Alright then. The fireworks show will be starting soon, won't it &mdash; you should make sure your new friends get to see it. It's an Inazuman tradition, after all.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 09a.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yep, that's the plan! ...Oh! You know what, you should tell them about your past &mdash; about the first time you ordered fireworks from my family.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 kouichi 08.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' That's a long story, actually... Where do I start...
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 kouichi 09.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' ...Oh, uh &mdash; maybe I'll come back to that after moving the boat here.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, right, yeah. Got caught up in the conversation there, hehe.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 kouichi 10.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Okay, well, I'll leave you to it for now and meet you back here later.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, lucky he reminded me, otherwise I would've ended up chatting the rest of the day away.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I've been so busy with the fireworks business these past few days that I haven't had a moment to stop and chat with anyone. Ugh, it's killing me.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Of course, Pops is happy to listen to me chatter away... but because he can hardly hear anything, it's difficult to get an interesting reaction from him...
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' ...Aaaand I'm doing it again, aren't I? Ugh. What I meant to say was, while Kouichi is bringing the boat here, we should try to find some firework materials.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I need to make fireworks not just for you guys, but for those kids and Sakujirou as well. We're missing a lot of materials.
:{{DIcon}} If it's too much trouble, don't worry about us.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 16.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It'll be fine. It's actually like this every year, there's always a bunch of extra orders to slot in here and there.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 17.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' When people want fireworks, it's always because they have something to commemorate. And if they miss the chance, they might never get another one. So, no matter how busy I am, I'm always happy to take their orders.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what you're trying to say is that you enjoy the work?
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 18.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, I do! I really do. Being born into a family of fireworks makers, I feel like since I was a kid, I've been obsessed with watching things go BOOM and then seeing all the lights and colors and...
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 19.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' ...Uh, but what I really wanted to say was: Don't worry about me, it'll all be fine!
:{{DIcon}} Oh, so THAT's what you meant...
:{{DIcon}} Your main point got a bit buried in all the extra information.
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 20.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sorry, sorry! It's just that good conversation can be as fleeting as fireworks, sometimes, you know? So when I'm in the mood and I've got a lot to say, I just have to get it all out there in one go and leave no regrets!
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 21.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Let's head to the city, I think I'll try my luck with some people that I know.
----

;(After talking to Yoimiya)
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Question! Doesn't it hurt your voice, talking all the time?
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 22.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It can get uncomfortable, I guess... But what else would I be using my voice for?
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... you kinda have a point.
----

;(Upon finding Morihiko)
:{{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 23.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Ah, here we are!

;(Talk to Morihiko)
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hello, Morihiko. How's business these days?
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 01.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' Haha, Yoimiya, there you are. I thought you might show up.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 02.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' No need to beat about the bush &mdash; you'll be here for the firework materials, I assume? I put a batch aside just for now. It'll definitely be enough.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Huh? Really? How did you know!?
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 03.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' Because a fireworks show is coming up! And that usually means you'll be running all over the place trying to get your hands on some last-minute materials.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 04.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' I've come to expect it now. There's always a few extras unaccounted for, eh.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So sorry for bothering you every time...
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 05.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' Ah, come on now, you know I didn't mean it like that! I'd sooner have my business go under than turn down one of your requests.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 06.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' What about you two, are you the ones needing some fireworks made?
:{{DIcon}} Hi, yes, thank you ever so much.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry for the trouble.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 07.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' Haha, it's no trouble at all, my friend.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 08.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' Once when I'd had an argument with my son, Yoimiya was the one who came and calmed him down.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 09.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' I'm hopeless at communicating with him. If it wasn't for Yoimiya, who knows, he probably would've run away by now...
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Naw, it was never gonna come to that. He's a sensitive kid and he cares a lot about your feelings. It's just... he doesn't know how to express it.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Maybe if you turned that frown upside down once in a while, he might feel more at ease.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 10.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' Yeah, I guess I'm probably too serious around him...
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 11.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' Which is strange, because I don't think I'm anything like that when I'm talking with other people...
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Don't worry about it! No one's perfect. If you have any more trouble in the future, just come to me.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Even if it's not fireworks-related, I'll happily oblige. Customers come first, always.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 12.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' Haha, alright then. Everyone's always saying what a good kid you are. Your father must be very proud of you.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 13.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' Go ahead and take the ore, by the way. It's on the house.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh no you don't! That's out of question!
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 14.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' Relax, just take it as a token of my gratitude.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Gratitude won't pay your bills, though... Don't do this to me, can't we just play by normal business rules here?
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 15.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' I already said it's fine. Please, just take it. Surely you've got a whole load of other things you need to get done today?
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Um... Well, how about this, then: I'll record this in my notebook, and we can consider it a down payment against any fireworks you want to purchase in the future.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 16.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' *sigh* There's no convincing you, is there...
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 17.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' Alright then, if you insist.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 morihiko 18.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' Pass on my regards to your dad. Tell him Morihiko wishes him health and happiness.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Will do. You look after yourself as well. Don't push yourself too hard &mdash; you don't wanna make yourself ill again.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Everyone seems to really like you, Yoimiya.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like you'd happily do anything for anyone.
::{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 12a.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You're not the first person to say that. In fact, some people think I'll literally do any favor they ask me to.
::{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 12a 1.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' When that happens, I say to them "Hey! This is a fireworks store! We do fireworks!"
::{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 12a 2.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But, ugh. They don't always listen. So, it can't be helped... but also, it's not really a big deal.
:{{DIcon}} Fireworks are pretty important to Inazumans, huh?
::{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 12b.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Well, for one thing, if you want to commemorate something, naturally you're gonna want something loud, bright, and beautiful.
::{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 12b 1.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But I think more importantly than that, everyone trusts us. If it wasn't for our customers, we wouldn't be able to stay in business.
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Anyway, we've got all the materials we need now, so that solves that problem!
:{{A|vo xglq002 2 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Next, we just need to go find someone to process them!
----

;(Go to [[Amenoma Smithy]])
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' [[Hajime]], [[Amenoma Tougo|Mr. Amenoma]]! It's me!
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 hajime 01.ogg}} '''Hajime:''' Ah, Yoimiya. If I'm not mistaken, you must be here for some firework materials?
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like everyone knows how busy Yoimiya gets leading up to the fireworks show.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 hajime 02.ogg}} '''Hajime:''' I'm very sorry, would you be able to wait for a while? I have quite a backlog of weapons orders right now.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No worri&mdash; Oh wait, actually... Ahh, yeah, that could be a problem... some worries.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, how about this! Do you need a hand? As long as we can get through your orders, you can help me process my ore, right?
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 hajime 03.ogg}} '''Hajime:''' Uh... that will depend on my master...
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, you don't mind, do you, Mr. Amenoma! As you know, it's not long now until the Naganohara Fireworks Show starts.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' There's still a lot of fireworks left to make. If I don't finish them on time...
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 amenomatoogo 01.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Talkative as ever, I see, dear child.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 amenomatoogo 02.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' The essence of [[Amenoma Art]] is patience and focus. When the mind is disturbed, it will show in the blade that is forged.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 amenomatoogo 03.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' If you badger Hajime like this, you will only succeed in disrupting his concentration.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 hajime 04.ogg}} '''Hajime:''' B&mdash;But, this is a special circumstance, surely! The [[Naganohara Fireworks Show]] is right around the corner...
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 amenomatoogo 04.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' So give me your ore, and I will process it for you.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 hajime 05.ogg}} '''Hajime:''' Huh!? Master... you mean, you'll do the work personally?
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 amenomatoogo 05.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Is that so surprising? It is, after all, the only option.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Thank you for helping out, Mr. Amenoma!
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 amenomatoogo 06.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' You're quite welcome. The Naganohara Fireworks Show is an important event, this I know well. In addition to this, I am indebted to Ryuunosuke for all the business he has given me.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 amenomatoogo 07.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' But Yoimiya... you should plan things more carefully in the future. Do not rush everything at the last minute.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, I'll try my best. In the future, I'll get some extra materials in to cover any unexpected changes of plan late in the day.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 amenomatoogo 08.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' *sigh* Though for you, dear child, no matter how much you prepare in advance, it may never be enough...
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 amenomatoogo 09.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Excuse me. I will be back shortly.

:'''''Amenoma Tougo finishes processing the ore.'''''

:{{A|vo xglq002 3 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Wow, Mr. Amenoma! Just look at the shape and size of these grains... It's beautiful. I'm at a loss for words.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's been a while since I've seen you take up your tools, but it looks like your craft hasn't degraded one bit.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 amenomatoogo 10.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Of course. I have studied these techniques my whole life... they are impossible for me to forget.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So have Amenoma Art and Naganohara Fireworks been working together for a really long time already?
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 amenomatoogo 11.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Back in the day, it was my master and Ryuunosuke's father. The people may have changed from one generation to another, but the ingredients required to make fireworks have remained the same.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 amenomatoogo 12.ogg}} '''Amenoma Tougo:''' Hajime, in the future, this will be up to you.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 hajime 06.ogg}} '''Hajime:''' I know, I know...
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hahaha, alright, I won't bother you guys any longer. Remember to come and watch the fireworks!
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Okay, (Traveler), time to head off.
:{{A|vo xglq002 3 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Kouichi probably isn't back just yet, but let's go wait for him.
----
;(Head to the location to meet Kouichi)
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Ah, just as I thought, he isn't back yet. But not to worry, because actually, I've been hoping for a chance to have a nice long chat with you all day.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sorry for dragging you with me everywhere... Everyone's been so good to me though. It's all gone really smoothly, hee-hee.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Feels like Paimon has barely spoken a word this whole trip.
:{{DIcon}} You seem to get along well with everyone.
:{{DIcon}} It was nice just listening quietly.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I felt like I was neglecting you guys, so I wanted to find an opportunity to catch up.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' When we first met, I was in a hurry. We didn't have a chance to sit down and have a proper chat.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You guys are travelers, right? So, where else did you go before coming to Inazuma?
:{{DIcon}} [[Mondstadt]], the City of Freedom.
::{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 06a.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sounds great! I heard that they pretty much have no rules over there, right? So people are free to live their life however they want, doing whatever makes them happy.
::{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 06a 1.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' My pops actually received a gift from one of his old customers over there. It was from the winery or something...
::{{A|vo xglq002 4 paimon 02a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Dawn Winery]]! Their [[Dandelion Wine]] is super famous.
::{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 06a 2.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, yes! That's the one. I remember when he drank it &mdash; hee-hee, I've never seen him enjoy a bottle of wine so much in his life! He was telling me all night about how good it tasted.
:{{DIcon}} [[Liyue]], the nation of contracts.
::{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 06b.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I haven't been to Liyue before, but from what I've heard from Miss [[Beidou]], it sounds like a really interesting place.
::{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 06b 1.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But something big happened there recently, right? Didn't their archon leave all of sudden?
::{{A|vo xglq002 4 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, a lot of crazy things went down as a result.
::{{A|vo xglq002 4 paimon 02b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Luckily, everyone worked together to stave off a [[Osial|huge disaster]] that could have wiped out the whole city.
::{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 06b 2.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, well that's good to hear. I gotta say, it's pretty remarkable that the citizens managed to step up and keep things going even after their archon left.
::{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 06b 3.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I mean, I sure can't imagine Inazuma without the [[Ei|Shogun]].
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' My friend once said to me that only people with a strong will and a clear purpose decide to go traveling. Maybe it's to see a certain view or to fulfill a certain wish...
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So. What made you guys embark on your treacherous journey to Inazuma?
:{{DIcon}} To track down an enemy god.
::{{A|vo xglq002 4 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And to find a lost family member, too.
:{{DIcon}} I'm looking for my lost {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}}.
::{{A|vo xglq002 4 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And we're looking for answers from the [[gods]], too.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You were separated from your family because of a god?
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That must be really tough.
:{{DIcon}} Sometimes it is.
:{{DIcon}} I'm slowly learning to cope.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I get it. Well, if that's how it is, then that's how it is. Eh-he, y'know, I was going to ask you guys if you wanted to stay here in Inazuma.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Unlike the outside world, what Inazuma seeks is eternity. In other words, a state of tranquility, where very little ever changes.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' The advantage of that is that if you're tired from your journey, Inazuma's a great place to come and rest.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Umm... let me put it this way. I was just worried that you might be getting weary, and if you keep pressing on in that state, you might start to lose sight of the things that made you want to start your journey in the first place.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Sometimes, that's also just how it is.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 16.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' When you're exhausted, everything becomes an uphill struggle. Even trying to have fun &mdash; you won't be able to enjoy yourself if you're too tired.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 17.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' An adventurer friend of mine once told me that if you're too focused on reaching the end of the race, you'll miss a lot of opportunities and precious moments to be had along the way.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} I'll bear that in mind.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 18.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Don't worry though, I'm sure I can think of some way to get you feeling relaxed and happy!
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 19.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' And you're here now, so even if you're gonna leave eventually, I wanna make sure you at least leave with fond memories.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 20.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Who knows &mdash; once you're reunited with your family, maybe you'll find Inazuma the right kind of place to call home.
:{{DIcon}} I'll add it to my list of candidates.
:{{DIcon}} It also depends what my {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}} thinks.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 yoimiya 21.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, I already have an idea of the color and type of fireworks I wanna give you guys. I'll keep it a secret for now, though.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 kouichi 01.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Yoimiya, I'm back! Sorry to keep you waiting! Let's head over to the boat... or, uh, did you want to keep chatting a little longer?
:{{DIcon}} We just finished, as it happens.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 kouichi 02.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Okay, good. Let's go, then. Just act naturally, though, we don't want to raise any suspicion.
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If it can withstand the storms out on the ocean, it must be super sturdy, right?
:{{A|vo xglq002 4 kouichi 03.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Absolutely. Rest assured that the quality is guaranteed.
----
;(Go and confirm the ship's condition)
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's way too small!
:{{DIcon}} It is technically sturdy though...
:{{DIcon}} Makes me think of [[Atsuko]].
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 kouichi 01.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Can't be helped, I'm afraid, this is the biggest and sturdiest boat that I can provide. It's built from the finest Inazuman timber.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 kouichi 02.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Still, I'll be the first to admit that if he's planning to ride this into the storm, it's going to be exceedingly dangerous...
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'm also hoping Sakujirou won't have to use it. It's just there as a last resort.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I gotta say, though, Kouichi, it feels like your craft has improved once again.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 kouichi 03.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Haha, I'm not the one you should be praising. It's all thanks to the guys who kindly pitched in.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 kouichi 04.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' To avoid detection, we each worked on our own materials separately, then assembled them secretly in the night.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 kouichi 05.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' This is the largest we could afford to build it. Any bigger and there's no way it would pass the Tenryou Commission's inspection.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Let's store the boat here for now, then. I'll fill Sakujirou in when I get back, he'll need to make some preparations before setting sail.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, Paimon feels really worried all of a sudden... Uh... Doesn't helping Sakujirou make you a collaborator in the eyes of the Tenryou Commission?
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Haha, maybe it does, but I knew what I was getting into from the moment I agreed to help him.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' My family has pretty good connections with the Yashiro Commission. We work very closely with them. And whenever there's a national event of any sort, the other two Commissions come to us, too.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' As long as I'm polite and respectful and don't cause a fuss, they won't look to cause trouble for me, either.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' And anyway, to your point about collaboration... you've been helping out too, right?
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's true, this was all a collaborative effort... wait, huh? *gasp* Oh no!
:{{DIcon}} We were chased by the [[Millelith]] in Liyue, too.
:{{DIcon}} Do we have to be the bad guys in Inazuma as well?
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Ah, so you're seasoned crooks already, eh? Don't know what I was worried about then! Hehe.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Anyway, thanks for everything, Kouichi.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, and your fireworks are ready, so just go and pick them up from my house whenever you want. While you're there, you can get my pops to settle the boat construction fees.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 kouichi 06.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Oh, don't worry about paying anything. [[Third Sis]] would be sure to scold me if she found out I'd taken Mora from the Naganoharas.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who's Third Sis?
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh! Uh, let me explain this one, it's a story my pops told me. There used to be a thriving merchants' guild in Inazuma, it got really prosperous.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' At one point, there were a dozen or so kids born around the same time to the families of the guild. They all grew up together, each of them learning their respective family's business.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' They were a tightly knit group of friends, but eventually, they all grew up and decided they each wanted to go into business themselves.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It was inevitable that their business would send them all to different corners of the world, and that they'd have far less opportunity to see each other in the future.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 kouichi 07.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' That's right. Just before we went our separate ways, the eldest of the group suggested that we should all go watch some fireworks together one last time.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, they were all very ambitious types, and each had their own knack for doing business. One by one, they left, until Kouichi was the only one of them remaining in Inazuma.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 16.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' After that, he hardly saw them. But whenever one of them did come back to visit, fireworks would always be involved.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 kouichi 08.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Yeah, no matter how close you and your friends are, there's always going to be some distance after being separated for a long time. But as soon as the fireworks lit up the sky, it'd instantly take us right back to our childhood, and we'd be chatting away like in the old days.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 kouichi 09.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' To us, those memories are eternal.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh, so this is what you meant when you were talking about commemorating things.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 17.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yep, that's exactly right. That's why I can't let people down when they're counting on me for their fireworks.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 18.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Anyway, I need to go update Sakujirou. See you, Kouichi! Thanks again for your help!
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 kouichi 10.ogg}} '''Kouichi:''' Yeah, I should get out of here, too. I don't want to get caught red-handed.
----

;(After the dialogue)
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 19.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Okay, story time. So, whenever Kouichi brings one of his friends from the trade association to see me, they always mention how they used to play with me when I was a kid, or held me once as a baby, or something.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 20.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But there are so many of them in that friendship group, and I don't remember anything from that age anyway. So I never have a clue who they are.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 21.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' One time, he shows up with another one of his friends, and the friend asks me if I remember him.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 22.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So I'm like, "Yes, I do! You held me once when I was just a baby!"
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 23.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Kouichi just bursts out laughing and says actually, this is one of his carpenter friends. Turns out he's a lot younger than he looks &mdash; just a few years older than me.
:{{A|vo xglq002 5 yoimiya 24.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I went bright red and must have apologized, like, a million times. Arghhhh, it was so embarrassing.
----

;(Tell Sakujirou the ship's location)
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' The boat is a-ready and waiting. I'll mark the location for you on the map. Before you leave, I recommend that you pack some food and water. You can never be too prepared.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 sakujirou 01.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Ah...
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 sakujirou 02.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' *sigh* After how much effort it took to get back in, it's hard to convince myself to leave again... especially when I'll be going up against the stormy ocean on a tiny little boat... My prospects don't look great.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Well, they won't look much better if you get caught by the Tenryou Commission...
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'm afraid that sooner or later, they are going to find you here. Time is starting to run out.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 sakujirou 03.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' I'm sorry, I'll make sure to get out of here before they come. I promise I won't cause you and your family any more trouble.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I didn't mean it like that. If we ran into any problems, I'm sure I'd figure something out.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But if the Tenryou Commission does catch up to you, then make a run for the boat.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 sakujirou 04.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Okay. I won't let them catch me...
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 sakujirou 05.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' But... *sigh* Ah, I guess this whole trip was a waste in the end.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why did you wanna come back to Inazuma anyway? Is there something you wanted to do?
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 sakujirou 06.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' I didn't use to like this place at all, that's why I left. But looking back on things now, I was really just running away from my responsibilities.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 sakujirou 07.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Once I started to realize that, I got restless. I couldn't stop thinking about the people and the things I'd left behind...
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 sakujirou 08.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' So, I... Ah, forget it, what does it matter now. It's too late, anyway. I originally wanted to make up for all my regrets, but instead, I found myself in the situation I'm in now.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' *sigh* What a pity...
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Talk to us about it, maybe we could&mdash;
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If only there was no Sakoku Decree, huh.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Anyway, don't worry, we're not going to bother you about it. We'll keep trying to buy you as much time as possible until you reach your final decision.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' The Tenryou Commission... If only they weren't so overzealous, there might be a way...
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, that's right! That elderly couple, old customers of ours &mdash; their son's in the Tenryou Commission, isn't he? Yeah, quite high up, as well.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That's it! I'll go talk to them. Maybe they can do something!
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 sakujirou 09.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Um... Are you sure they won't just report me instead?
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, don't worry about that. They're really nice people, I know them well. They won't cause us any issues.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 13a.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Alright, you should get back indoors, Sakujirou. We'll be back in no time time at all.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Okay, let's go. Time waits for no one.
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Wait, hang on... What about the fireworks? All those materials... there's so many orders to finish...
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 16.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' ...Pops! Pops!
:{{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 17.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, never mind. I know, I'll write him a note telling him to sort out the fireworks!

:'''''Yoimiya swiftly finishes writing the paper slip. You are finally ready to set off.'''''
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--other-->
<!--duplicates
* {{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 06a.ogg|1}}
* {{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 06b.ogg|1}}
--><!--
* {{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 09a.ogg|1}}
* {{A|vo xglq002 1 yoimiya 09b.ogg|1}}
--><!--
* {{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 13a.ogg|1}}
* {{A|vo xglq002 6 yoimiya 13b.ogg|1}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Expectations Not to Be Betrayed
|zhs     = 不可辜负的期待
|zhs_rm  = Bùkě Gūfù de Qídài
|zht     = 不可辜負的期待
|zht_rm  = Bùkě Gūfù de Qídài
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 裏切れない期待
|ja_rm   = Uragirenai Kitai
|ja_tl   = Expectations Which Cannot Be Betrayed
|ko      = 저버릴 수 없는 기대
|ko_rm   = Jeobeoril Su eomneun Gidae
|ko_tl   = Expectations Which Cannot Be Betrayed
|es      = Expectativas que se deben cumplir
|es_tl   = Expectations That Must Be Met
|fr      = Des attentes à ne pas trahir
|fr_tl   = Expectations Not to Be Betrayed
|ru      = Ожидания, которые нельзя обмануть
|ru_tl   = Expectations Which Cannot Be Let Down
|th      = การเฝ้ารอที่ไม่ผิดหวัง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Niềm Mong Mỏi Không Thể Phụ Lòng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kein Verrat an den Erwartungen
|de_tl   = No Betrayal To Be Expected
|id      = Harapan yang Tak Bisa Dikecewakan
|id_tl   = Expectations that Cannot Be Betrayed
|pt      = Expectativas que Não Devem Ser Traídas
|pt_tl   = Expectations That Should Not Be Betrayed
|tr      = İhanet Edilmemesi Gereken Beklentiler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Aspettative da onorare
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Expectativas que se deben cumplir]]
[[pt-br:Expectativas que Não Devem Ser Traídas]]