{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70661
|image         = World Quest Exploding Population.png
|type          = World
|summary       = Learn how to [[Fishing|fish]].
|requirement   = Unlocked the [[Serenitea Pot]] System
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|mora          = 30,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
|characters    = Katheryne (Mondstadt); Nantuck; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''Exploding Population''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Mondstadt]]. Completing this quest unlocks the [[Fishing]] system.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Katheryne]] in Mondstadt
#Talk to [[Nantuck]]
#Meet Nantuck at Cider Lake
#* After the Fishing tutorial, you will receive [[Wilderness Rod]] ×1, [[Fruit Paste Bait]] ×10, [[Redrot Bait]] ×10, [[False Worm Bait]] ×10, [[Fake Fly Bait]] ×10, and [[Formula: Fruit Paste Bait]] ×1
#Fish in [[Cider Lake]]
#Talk to Nantuck
#Catch an [[Ornamental Fish]] in the [[Stormbearer Mountains]]
#*[[Co-Op Mode]] is locked during this step
#Show Nantuck the Ornamental Fish

==Notes==
* Step 4 does not progress if the player has only caught Ornamental Fish.
* Steps 6 and 7 are skipped if an Ornamental Fish is caught prior to completing Step 5.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Mondstadt Adventurers' Guild seems to have posted a special commission...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:'''Katheryne:''' Ad astra abyssosque! Welcome to the [[Adventurers' Guild]].
:'''Katheryne:''' We've recently received a commission from the [[Fishing Association]], claiming that the fish activity in the nearby waters has been abnormal.
:'''Katheryne:''' Unfortunately, their report does not mention any specifics. Could you help us check in on the situation?
:'''Katheryne:''' I have full faith that no matter what the problem is, you will overcome it with ease.
:{{DIcon}} Fishing Association? Is it that fishing?
:'''Katheryne:''' Huh? "That fishing"? I'm not sure I understand... Is there any other kind of fishing to speak of?
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, the Fishing Association... The Fishing Association... Sure sounds like they're in the business of catching delicious fish!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, there's no time to lose &mdash; let's go check this out! Hehehe...
----
;(Talk to Nantuck outside the city)
:'''Nantuck:''' The fish have been really active these days...
:{{DIcon}} Do you need help?
:'''Nantuck:''' Yes, and here comes my help now, I suppose! Good day to you!
:'''Nantuck:''' Ahem. My name is Nantuck, senior fisherman of the [[Mondstadt Fishing Association]].
:'''Nantuck:''' Recently, many new fish species have suddenly appeared in nearby waters.
:'''Nantuck:''' I immediately contacted my friends in other regions, and sure enough, this has been happening everywhere.
:'''Nantuck:''' Some people say that this must be the [[Teyvat]] fish outbreak of the century!
:'''Nantuck:''' Actually, the reason hasn't been fully investigated, but I guess it has something to do with the improvement of the ecological environment...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, so you guys are in trouble because there are too many fish, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, [[Paimon]] will take care of it! As long as they don't taste bad...
:'''Nantuck:''' Haha, it's no trouble. In fact, the more fish, the better as far the Fishing Association is concerned. However, we need enough manpower.
:'''Nantuck:''' And to be honest, with the manpower we have available...
:'''Nantuck:''' We'd be hard-pressed to catch all the new fish species for research in a short time.
:'''Nantuck:''' But on the flip side, I thought, isn't this also a great opportunity for the Fishing Association to grow?
:'''Nantuck:''' So I put up a commission with the Adventurers' Guild. Well, how about it? Interested in joining us?
:'''Nantuck:''' Fishing is a lot of fun, you know!
:{{DIcon}} No problem, I'm good at fishing.
::'''Nantuck:''' Great, what an energetic youngster you are!
:{{DIcon}} Can I just go down and catch them straight?
::'''Nantuck:''' Isn't it really dangerous to dive straight in? You adventurers sure are bold...
::'''Nantuck:''' Unfortunately, those fish are not as brave as you. All of them will be scared away if they see such a huge being jump into the water.
::'''Nantuck:''' Best you refrain from doing such a thing.
:'''Nantuck:''' So... Let's start by going to [[Cider Lake]].
:'''Nantuck:''' That's where the fishing grounds I prepared for newcomers is, I'll teach you the basics first.
----
;(Talk to Nantuck at Cider Lake)
:'''Nantuck:''' This place will do! See those little fish in the water? They're so beautiful...
:'''Nantuck:''' Here, take some of these tools. We have fishing rods, bait, and formulas for making bait.
:'''Nantuck:''' First, place the bait on the hook, then aim for where the fish are gathering... then cast your rod! Then, dutifully wait for the fish to take the bait.
:'''Nantuck:''' I've heard that newcomers have something called "beginner's luck." I caught a large bass that was more than half a meter long back then! Well, go on then, give it a go!
:{{DIcon}} Here's to catching another Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! You shall have no other Paimon before this Paimon!
:'''Nantuck:''' Paimon? What a strange name, is it a kind of fish?
:{{DIcon}} It's a sort of "wonderous seafood" that I managed to catch last time.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! When did Paimon go from "emergency food" to "wondrous seafood"!?
:'''Nantuck:''' Ah, I see! I didn't realize that you were already an experienced angler.
:'''Nantuck:''' Well, that just makes me even more excited to see what you'll catch!

;(Talk to Nantuck again)
:'''Nantuck:''' Start once you're ready. I'm looking forward to seeing what you might catch!

<!--for paimon fishing dialogue, see [[Fishing]] voicelines section-->
;(Talk to Nantuck after catching a fish, if no Ornamental Fish were caught)
::'''Nantuck:''' How did it go? By the look on your face, I suppose you got a pretty good haul! Let me see.
::'''Nantuck:''' Oh? It's a newly discovered species of fish! That's wonderful!
::'''Nantuck:''' You're almost catching up with me back when I was in my glory days, hahaha!
::{{DIcon}} Can you also catch fish with your bare hands?
::'''Nantuck:''' Ahem... Seems like these ordinary little fish are a walk in the park for you. I should consider giving you something more challenging...
::'''Nantuck:''' You might not know this, but even fish from the same species can have huge differences between individuals because of differences in living environment and food.
::'''Nantuck:''' Even though they all look the same, some individuals are particularly active and energetic. They jump out of the water from time to time and are very eye-catching.
::'''Nantuck:''' These individuals are superior by far in terms of both commercial and aesthetic value.
::'''Nantuck:''' Many hobbyists buy them at high prices and keep them at home in their tanks for ornamental purposes. This is why such fish are also called "ornamental fish."
::{{DIcon}} So that means, apart from "Emergency Paimon"...
:::{{DIcon}} There's also "Ornamental Paimon"!
::'''Paimon:''' No, there isn't! How can there be so many kinds of Paimons!?
::'''Nantuck:''' Yes, that's precisely how it works. Looks like you've gotten it already!
::'''Nantuck:''' Recently, there have been many "ornamental fish" active in the waters near the Stormbearer Mountains, which I have marked on your map.
::'''Nantuck:''' Let's go over and check it out.
::;(Continue to next section)
;(Talk to Nantuck after catching a fish, if an Ornamental Fish was caught)
::'''Nantuck:''' How did it go? By the look on your face, I suppose you got a pretty good haul! Let me see.
::'''Nantuck:''' Oh? It's a newly discovered species of fish! Most stupendous... Hey, wait, what's that other fish in your bag?
::'''Nantuck:''' Wow&mdash; That's amazing! Do you know what this is? It's an "ornamental fish"!
::'''Nantuck:''' You might not know this, but even fish from the same species can have huge differences between individuals because of differences in living environment and food.
::'''Nantuck:''' Even though they all look the same, some individuals are particularly active and energetic. They jump out of the water from time to time and are very eye-catching.
::'''Nantuck:''' These individuals are superior by far in terms of both commercial and aesthetic value.
::'''Nantuck:''' Many hobbyists buy them at high prices and keep them at home in their tanks for ornamental purposes.
::'''Nantuck:''' This one in your bag is a true-blue "ornamental fish."
::{{DIcon}} So that means, apart from "Emergency Paimon"...
:::{{DIcon}} There's also "Ornamental Paimon"!
::'''Paimon:''' No, there isn't! How can there be so many kinds of Paimons!?
::'''Nantuck:''' Yes, that's precisely how it works. Looks like you've gotten it already!
::'''Nantuck:''' I'm really sorry I underestimated you before... no! I underestimated the elites of the Adventurers' Guild!
::'''Nantuck:''' Guess I should hurry up and put up more commissions. I have got to attract talent like you to join the Fishing Association, if that's the last thing I do!
::'''Nantuck:''' By the way, if you need fishing gear in the future, you can drop by our Fishing Association to have a look. Our prices are very affordable!
::'''Nantuck:''' Hehe, not to brag or anything, but we do have a good collection of fine goods!
::;(Quest ends)
----
;(After catching the fish and showing it to Nantuck)
:'''Nantuck:''' Back so soon, youngster? You're pretty quick, huh?
:'''Nantuck:''' Let me take a look... Wow! This one here is a true-blue "ornamental fish"!
:'''Nantuck:''' Y&mdash;You're definitely a first-class angler!
:'''Nantuck:''' I'm really sorry, it seems like I underestimated you before... No! I underestimated the elites of the Adventurers' Guild!
:'''Nantuck:''' Guess I should hurry up and put up more commissions. I've got to attract talent like you to join the Fishing Association, if that's the last thing I do!
:'''Nantuck:''' By the way, if you need fishing gear in the future, you can just swing by our Fishing Association to have a look. Our prices are pretty reasonable!
:'''Nantuck:''' Hehe, not to brag or anything, but we do have a good collection of fine goods!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/LE6dO-bnak4
|caption1 = How to Unlock the Fishing System
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Exploding Population
|zhs     = 鱼群大爆发
|zhs_rm  = Yúqún Dà Bàofā
|zht     = 魚群大爆發
|zht_rm  = Yúqún Dà Bàofā
|zh_tl   = Fish Explosion
|ja      = 魚群大発生
|ja_rm   = Gyogun Daihassei
|ja_tl   = Explosive Increase of Fish
|ko      = 고기떼 대폭발
|ko_rm   = Gogitte Daepokbal
|ko_tl   = Superexplosion of a Shoal of Fish
|es      = Boom acuático
|es_tl   = Aquatic Boom
|fr      = Espèces en recrudescence
|fr_tl   = Species in Resurgence
|ru      = Взрывной рост популяции
|ru_tl   = Explosive Increase in Population
|th      = การระเบิดปลาครั้งใหญ่
|th_rm   = Kār rabeid plā khrậng h̄ıỵ̀
|th_tl   = Big Fish Explosion
|vi      = Đàn Cá Ồ Ạt
|vi_tl   = Flock of Fishes
|de      = Fische in der Überzahl
|de_tl   = Fish in the Superiority
|id      = Ledakan Populasi Ikan
|id_tl   = Fish Population Exploding
|pt      = Grande Surto de Peixes
|pt_tl   = Great Fish Outbreak
|tr      = Patlayan Balık Popülasyonu
|tr_tl   = Exploding Fish Population
|it      = popolazione che esplode
|it_tl   = Exploding Population
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[de:Fische in der Überzahl]]
[[pt-br:Grande Surto de Peixes]]