{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Ritou
|event_name    = Thunder Sojourn
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 50
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
* Unlocks Act 4 of [[Thunder Sojourn]] - [[Thunder Sojourn/Automaton Front|Automaton Front]]
|characters    = Muzhen; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''Facing Distant Echoes''''' is an [[Event Quest]] that unlocks the Act 4 of the [[Thunder Sojourn]] event.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Muzhen]]
#Go to the ruins
#Talk to Muzhen
#Search the ruins

==Gameplay Notes==
*Co-op mode is available even the first time you are supposed to explore the domain to progress in this quest. Clearing the domain in co-op mode does not trigger the tutorial and does not complete this quest either.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The prep work is complete. Now all that is left is to head into the ruins to confront those mysterious ancient machines...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Muzhen)
:'''Muzhen:''' Well, looks like we've finally located our target! Great! Guess I can go back to the ship and get some sleep!
:'''Paimon:''' What? You're gonna leave just like that?
:'''Muzhen:''' Of course not, we're so close! Let's head out right now and capture ourselves a Ruin machine!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, and here Paimon thought you were going to return to the ship!
:'''Paimon:''' *sigh* Well, never mind. Let's follow her!

;(Upon arriving at the ruins)
:'''Muzhen:''' Haha, this is the place!
:'''Muzhen:''' To think that there would be underground ruins here too... *gulp*
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:{{DIcon}} Find anything new?
:'''Muzhen:''' N&mdash;Nothing, it's nothing.
:'''Paimon:''' You don't look so good. Are you unwell?
:'''Muzhen:''' Haha. I just don't normally get off the boat, so this ruin entrance is... well, quite a sight.
:'''Paimon:''' Really? Paimon doesn't think so.
:'''Muzhen:''' S&mdash;Still, the Captain's order still needs completing. I'm sure you're really curious as to what treasures lie within as well, aren't you, Traveler?
:'''Muzhen:''' So, could I invite you, experienced and skilled as you are, to take the lead?
:{{DIcon}} You're hopeless...
:'''Paimon:''' That she is! Come on, Traveler, {{sic|lets}} go!

;(Talk to Muzhen again before entering the Ruins)
:'''Muzhen:''' Hmm? Do you need to warm up or anything?
:{{DIcon}} Can you tell me anything about these ruins?
:{{DIcon}} Do you know anything about those mysterious machines?
:'''Muzhen:''' Well, I'm a Technical Officer, so I don't know much about world history, I'm afraid.
:'''Muzhen:''' Nonetheless, I believe these ruins to be related to the [[Cataclysm|great disaster]] that occurred five hundred years ago...
:'''Muzhen:''' I grew up listening to old sailors tell that tale, you know? They said that neither land nor sea could escape the reach of the Abyss...
:'''Muzhen:''' But to me, those were no different from the ghost stories they tell to scare children.
:'''Muzhen:''' I mean, only the terrors you can see are true, after all!

;(Upon entering the ruins)
::During the [[Thunder Sojourn]] event, Travelers can challenge the "[[Automaton Front]]" Domain. Defeat the [[Perpetual Mechanical Array]] to obtain precious [[Thunder Crystal]].
::Mechanisms such as [[Thunder Dwelling]]s and [[Nimbus Gem]]s will appear within this Domain. Use them wisely to defeat your opponents more easily!
----
;(Talk to Muzhen at Ritou Island, optional)
:'''Muzhen:''' *yawn* So sleepy... What's so good about being on land, anyway...
:'''Muzhen:''' Ah, hello there Traveler! Thanks for your help thus far.
:'''Muzhen:''' It's all thanks to you that we've got enough for the Captain to complete the order.
:{{DIcon}} Who would want this stuff, anyway...
:{{DIcon}} These components look rather sinister.
:'''Muzhen:''' Aye, rather dangerous-looking, eh?
:'''Muzhen:''' Well, our next objective is Sumeru, and I suppose only those weird researchers would study these things, anyway.
:'''Muzhen:''' They aren't like those traveling scholars who wander about outdoors. I believe they're people more akin to myself &mdash; technical experts who spend most of their time in their studies researching items.
:'''Muzhen:''' I would guess that those ruins don't just contain these few machines, either...
:'''Muzhen:''' If you're interested, you can continue to explore those ruins and pass any components you find to me. I'll pay well for them!
:'''Muzhen:''' After all, "the more the merrier" is the watchword here, both for us and for our client in Sumeru!
:{{DIcon}} Not back below decks yet?
:{{DIcon}} You're still here?
:'''Muzhen:''' Yes. My share of the work's basically done. I'm only needed again once the cargo inspection has been completed.
:'''Muzhen:''' As a result, Sea Drake kicked me back onto the shore.
:'''Muzhen:''' "Stop cooping yourself up in your cabin. Get some of that sea breeze, it'll do you some good." Hmph, he should just speak for himself!
:'''Muzhen:''' *yawn* Well, if there's nothing else, I'll be taking a nap now. Please excuse me...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Facing Distant Echoes
|zhs     = 直面悠远的回响
|zhs_rm  = Zhímiàn Yōuyuǎn de Huíxiǎng
|zht     = 直面悠遠的迴響
|zht_rm  = Zhímiàn Yōuyuǎn de Huíxiǎng
|zh_tl   = Facing Distant Echoes
|ja      = 悠遠なる響きと向き合う
|ja_rm   = Yuuen Naru Hibiki to Mukiau
|ja_tl   = Facing Distant Echoes
|ko      = 아득한 메아리와의 대면
|ko_rm   = Adeukan Me'ari-wa-ui Daemyeon
|ko_tl   = Facing Distant Echoes
|es      = Ecos distantes
|es_tl   = Distant Echoes
|fr      = Face aux échos lointains
|fr_tl   = Facing Distant Echoes
|ru      = Встреча с далёким эхо
|ru_tl   = Meeting with a Distant Echo
|th      = มุ่งหน้าไปยังเสียงสะท้อนที่อยู่ห่างไกลออกไป
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đối mặt với tiếng vọng xưa cổ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Entfernten Echos begegnen
|de_tl   = To Encounter Distant Echoes
|id      = Menghadapi Gema dari Kejauhan
|id_tl   = Facing Echoes from Afar
|pt      = Enfrentando Ecos Distantes
|pt_tl   = Facing Distant Echoes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[pt-br:4 Enfrentando Ecos Distantes]]
[[ru:Встреча с далёким эхо]]