{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Faded Emerald Tail.png
|set   = Unfinished Reverie
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|A tail feather ornament whose luster has long faded. The patterns on it are said to have been etched by the hand of a [[Masterful Craftsman|skilled artisan]] from long ago.}}
'''Faded Emerald Tail''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Unfinished Reverie]].

==Description==
"Whosoever lays eyes upon the turquoise-adorned carvings shall have their minds and souls seized by the ingenuity of their design,<br>
Whosoever lays eyes upon the intricate [[Iridescent Inscription|golden inscription]]s shall be profoundly moved by the [[Manqu (Historical)|artist]]'s outstanding craftsmanship."

The [[Sakkuk|young girl]] obeyed the commands of [[Scarlet-Eyed Youth|the youth]] to whom she was deeply bonded, seeking out traces of the renowned craftsman among the rumors that flew about in the streets.<br>
Yet she found nothing amidst the palatial courtyards and the feasts of the nobility.<br>
Thoroughly vexed by this, she took out the ornamental golden feather, and stared into the dim light, recalling the face of her late father.<br>
To the side, a drunkard with half his face hidden behind his cowl opened his mouth coldly, recounting the origin of the patterns adorning the feather.

Who would have thought the maker of such beautiful accessories would be a beggar of horrifying visage, loitering about a dilapidated tavern?<br>
The scars of having been burnt by a raging blaze marred the half of his face that was hidden under a hat, the flesh a melted slurry of blood.<br>
But the girl felt no fear, and after recovering from her surprise, she handed the accessory to him.<br>
On that night, his eyes upon the ornament whose light had long faded, he told her of things long lost in that land,<br>
The story of the emerald-colored quetzal with a long tail, of the time when he had been tasked with making something for one respected by all...

"That was my father, but he was condemned for protecting the [[Nanatzcayan|tribe]]'s [[Saurian|Saurians]], and his life was taken from him."<br>
The girl's voice was cold. The craftsman saw the same hatred he nursed burning within her eyes.

"Then I shall gladly serve you...r lord," he said, before she had even spoken of her purpose.<br>
In his heart, he was actually willing to serve her, but that was not something he needed to say.<br>
For he could see that at this time, someone else already occupied the girl's heart.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Faded Emerald Tail
|zhs      = 褪光的翠尾
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 褪光的翠尾
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 光褪せた翠尾
|ja_rm    = Koutai Seta Suibi{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 빛바랜 푸른 꽁지
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Cola Esmeralda Descolorida
|es_tl    = Discolored Emerald Tail
|fr       = Queue émeraude de fanaison
|fr_tl    = Emerald Tail of Wilting
|ru       = Блёклый изумрудный хвост
|ru_tl    = Faded Emerald Tail
|th       = Faded Emerald Tail
|vi       = Đuôi Phỉ Thúy Phai Màu
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Verblasste Smaragdschwanzfeder
|de_tl    = Faded Emerald Tail Feather
|id       = Faded Emerald Tail
|pt       = Cauda de Esmeralda Desbotada
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Solmuş Zümrüt Kuyruk
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Coda smeraldina scolorita
|it_tl    = Faded Emerald Tail
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Unfinished Reverie}}

[[fr:Queue émeraude de fanaison]]
[[ja:光褪せた翠尾]]
[[tr:Solmuş Zümrüt Kuyruk]]
[[vi:Đuôi Phỉ Thúy Phai Màu]]
[[zh:褪光的翠尾]]