{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Faithful Hourglass.png
|set   = Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A sand timepiece that the witch relied on in the story. Legend has it that if you recite the wrong incantation over it, time will suddenly flow exceptionally quickly.}}
'''Faithful Hourglass''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods]].

==Description==
...<br>
"If there was a magic pen... What would you write, Pie? Lots and lots of doggie biscuits?"<br>
The girl put down the book and scratched Pie behind the ears. The dog happily wagged its tail in response.<br>
"Oh! You can't write, can you, Pie? Then I'll write for you. Other than lots of doggie biscuits, we'd also..."<br>
She turned to the next page...

"How risible! As though a blue ribbon was something rare!" The young girl threw the guests out without hesitation, tossing their gifts into a corner. Sure, she had once been fascinated by ribbons blue as kingfishers, but now, such things could no longer hold her interest.<br>
"Poor child!" Her mother sighed.<br>
The girl was tired of her mother's preaching. Though her luck had been with her for but a short while, she had already easily obtained wealth, and the ease with which she won people's hearts she took for granted. This world naturally revolved around her, did it not? Such thoughts came to her more than once.<br>
"You're my mother. Why can't you love me like the others do?"<br>
Perhaps I don't need a mother that doesn't love me, the girl thought.<br>
And so, the girl left her home and family behind her. From then on, she could enjoy the good fortune bestowed by magic, with no need to be troubled by the remonstrations of conscience.<br>
She traveled until no scenery felt novel, and no sumptuous meal could make her feel grateful. Her life was like a never-ending ball. Guests came and left, but none tarried on the dance floor too long.<br>
She sometimes deliberately mistreated those she called "friends," but no matter how rude her behavior had been, the next day, all was forgiven with smiles all around, and they loved her as much as before.<br>
All only gave to her, and none asked for anything in return.<br>
...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Faithful Hourglass
|zhs      = 忠实的砂时计
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 忠實的砂時計
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 忠実な砂時計
|ja_rm    = Chuujitsu-na Sunadokei
|ja_tl    = Faithful Hourglass
|ko       = 충실한 모래시계
|ko_tl    = Faithful Hourglass
|es       = Reloj de Arena de la Fidelidad
|es_tl    = Hourglass of Fidelity
|fr       = Sablier temporel de fidélité
|fr_tl    = Time Hourglass of Faithfulness
|ru       = Верные песочные часы
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = Faithful Hourglass
|vi       = Đồng Hồ Cát Trung Thành
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Treue Sanduhr
|de_tl    = Faithful Hourglass
|id       = Faithful Hourglass
|pt       = Relógio da Lealdade
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Sadık Kum Saati
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Clessidra fedele
|it_tl    = Faithful Hourglass
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods}}

[[fr:Sablier temporel de fidélité]]
[[ja:忠実な砂時計]]
[[tr:Sadık Kum Saati]]
[[uk:Вірний годинник]]
[[vi:Đồng Hồ Cát Trung Thành]]
[[zh:忠實的砂時計]]