{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00380
|image         = Archon Quest C0A2 Fallen Tears.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = II
|act           = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|part          = 11
|startLocation = [[Thousand Winds Temple]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Thousand Winds Temple
|prev          = State of the Holy Lyre der Himmel
|next          = Crystal Tears
|concurrent    = Hidden Tears
|concurrent2   = Stolen Tears
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*250;Primogem*20;Mora*6,000;Character EXP*3,125;Fine Enhancement Ore*7;Teardrop Crystal (Fallen Tears)*1
|characters    = Diluc;Jean;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|2|part=11}}

It runs concurrently with ''[[Hidden Tears]]'' and ''[[Stolen Tears]]''.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Thousand Winds Temple]]
# Defeat the monsters guarding the ruin to complete the challenge
#* {{Enemy|Ruin Guard|x=1}}
# Obtain Dvalin's Tear
#* Open the [[Precious Chest]] that spawns after defeating the Ruin Guard to obtain a {{Item|Teardrop Crystal (Fallen Tears)|text=Teardrop Crystal}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The [[Holy Lyre der Himmel|Holy Lyre]] is in poor condition, but you manage to restore some of its [[Anemo]] power by using [[Dvalin]]'s tears. To restore its full power, you will need to look for more tears.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Afer completing the previous quest)
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' This search reminds me of a feud I once had with the [[Fatui]].
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Six months ago, a thief stole treasure from the East Temple of the Four Winds.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa. What was it? A cup used by [[Barbatos]]?
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' No. Although if such a thing existed, it would be very valuable.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Among all the relics they managed to dig up, one particular object was very rare...
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It was a vial which contained the Anemo God's breath.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Relics come in every shape and form huh...
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Anyone with an eye for fine art would like to add this relic to their collection.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Once word got out, the Fatui started trying to seek it out as well.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' They've made tons of counterfeits that can be found everywhere.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' In response, I just bought every one I could find, irrespective of its authenticity. We're still at it now.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 10.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I've bought more than two thousand fakes to date, and the Fatui are yet to find the real one.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa. You guys are insane...
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, it means that the real one must be out there somewhere on the black market, right?
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmmm... Paimon'll give you a discount on them if she finds any &mdash; cause Paimon's just great like that!
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 11.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Sure, you can try to find the real one. I'll take what you find, even if they're fake.
:{{A|vo mdaq056 4 diluc 12.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Once you're done, find me at the winery. I'll trade you a beer for every 20 you find.

----

;(After opening the Precious Chest)
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't think we'd find Dvalin's tears in a place like this.
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' As knights, we are taught to hone our investigative skills.
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! Very impressive!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Teardrop Crystal (Fallen Tears)|text=Teardrop Crystal}})

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' In my experience, the secret to finding what you are looking for is to never look for it in the first place.
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Don't think too much about it and don't search too hard... and before you know it, what you are looking for will appear right before your very eyes.
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What?
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 qin 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Don't worry about it too much. The more flustered you become, the less likely you are to find it.
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 qin 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Pay attention to what you see in your peripheral vision, and you might just stumble upon what you're looking for.
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' I don't know... It doesn't sound like that would work...
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 qin 06.ogg}} '''Jean:''' No, seriously, it does though. In fact, it's how I used to find my tortoise whenever he went missing.
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Wait &mdash; you had a pet tortoise!?
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 qin 07.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Yes, why? Something wrong, Paimon?
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, it's... uh, well, just surprising is all.
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 qin 08.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Why?
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't imagine Jean having a pet tortoise. Surely you find it hard to imagine too, Master Diluc?
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' No, I don't.
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I had one too when I was a kid. What's so strange about it?
:{{A|vo mdaq057 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? You too!?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fallen Tears
|zhs     = 遗落之泪
|zhs_rm  = Yíluò zhī Lèi
|zht     = 遺落之淚
|zht_rm  = Yíluò zhī Lèi
|zh_tl   = Fallen Lost Tears
|ja      = 紛失した涙
|ja_rm   = Funshitsu Shita Namida
|ja_tl   = Lost Tears
|ko      = 떨어진 눈물
|ko_tl   = Fallen Tears
|es      = Lágrimas derramadas
|es_tl   = Spilled Tears
|fr      = Larmes oubliées
|fr_tl   = Forgotten Tears
|ru      = Пролитые слёзы
|ru_tl   = Spilled Tears
|th      = น้ำตาที่เหลืออยู่
|th_rm   = Namta thiluea yu
|th_tl   = Remaining Tears
|vi      = Giọt Nước Mắt Bị Bỏ Quên
|vi_tl   = Forgotten Tears
|de      = Vergossene Tränen
|de_tl   = Shed Tears
|id      = Air Mata Jatuh
|id_tl   = Fallen Tears
|pt      = Lágrimas Caídas
|pt_tl   = Fallen Tears
|tr      = Dökülen Gözyaşları
|tr_tl   = Falling Tears
|it      = Lacrime perdute
|it_tl   = Lost Tears
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[es:Lágrimas derramadas]]
[[ja:紛失した涙]]
[[pt-br:Lágrimas Caídas]]
[[vi:Giọt Nước Mắt Bị Bỏ Quên]]