{{DISPLAYTITLE:Fantastic Voyage}}
{{About|the Hangout Event|the Elemental Burst talent|Fantastic Voyage}}
{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Hangout Bennett.png
|title          = Fantastic Voyage
|type           = Hangout
|actNum         = I
|character      = Bennett
|ARReq          = 26
|archonQuestReq = [[Prologue]] Act III: [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]
|keyReq         = 2
}}
'''Fantastic Voyage''' is the first act of [[Bennett]]'s [[Hangout Event]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player needs 2 [[Story Key]]s, must have completed [[Prologue]] Act III: [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 26.

==Summary==
The [[Traveler]] runs into Bennett, an adventurer from the [[Adventurers' Guild]], who is envious about his achievements. Bennett asks if he can accompany the Traveler in his adventures. They choose to either hang out around town, walk in the wilds, or explore newly-discovered ruins.

Choosing to hang out around town will result in the Traveler and Bennett going around various shops in order to buy the materials Bennett needs. They go to [[With Wind Comes Glory]] first, only to see that they're out of stock of what Bennett needs. Next, they go to [[Good Hunter]] to get a meal, only to be refused service by [[Sara]] due to being busy with a meal service order from a delegation from [[Snezhnaya]]. Lastly, they go to [[Mondstadt General Goods]] and are delighted to see that the store is offering 50% off on all items, despite Blanche being nowhere to be found. However, when Blanche finally arrives after a long time, she tells the two that the store is closed for the day and that the promo was for yesterday, much to their dismay.

If walking in the wilds is selected, Bennett invites the Traveler to stroll in a dandelion meadow. But, when they arrive, the dandelions have all been stripped of their seeds. They proceed to see a monster camp with no monsters and numerous chests; but when these chests are opened, only a couple of vegetables and some spare mora could be found. And while walking, the good weather suddenly becomes a raging thunderstorm. They are then approached by [[Jack]] who has to pick Bennett up as the latter's dads have all been asking for him. When Bennett leaves with Jack, the weather suddenly clears up.

If the Traveler chooses to explore the new ruins with Bennett, the route splits further depending on whether the two prepare food for the adventure or not. If the two prepare food, they create an [[Ominous Dish|ominous dish]] before heading out to the ruins, where the two get stuck inside and happen upon [[Royce]], who was also exploring the ruins. Royce berates Bennett for his misfortune, but upon realizing he is also stuck in the ruins, he asks for the food Bennett made. The Traveler can choose to either let Bennett give the food to Royce or not. Giving the food to Royce results in him collapsing from food poisoning. Not giving the food to Royce results in Bennett eating the ominous food himself, in the belief that it would make him unconscious, which he believes would lead to his bad luck dissipating momentarily.

If the two leave without preparing food, they go to the ruins and encounter a mechanism. Letting Bennett operate the mechanism alone leads to the two getting stuck in the ruins again, but operating the mechanism with Bennett will lead the two to a series of puzzles, which they all solve until they reach the end and earn a [[Luxurious Chest]] with a big haul. Bennett becomes ecstatic with the result and the fact that the adventure went without a hitch.
{{clr}}
==Quests==
{|class="wikitable" style="width:100%;"
|-
|rowspan="6"|[[Adventurous Acquaintance]]
|With Wind Comes Glory Order<br />([[Something... Other Than Adventure?]])
|Good Hunter's Opening Hours<br />([[Something... Other Than Adventure?#Good Hunter.27s Opening Hours|Something... Other Than Adventure?]])
|General Goods' Special Offer<br />([[Something... Other Than Adventure?#General Goods.27 Special Offer|Something... Other Than Adventure?]])
|'''Ending:''' [[Something... Other Than Adventure?#Ending: Fruitless Anticipation|Fruitless Anticipation]]
|-
|The Adventurer in the Dandelion Sea<br />([[What Is This, a Day Trip?]])
|Reap Without Sowing...?<br />([[What Is This, a Day Trip?#Reap without sowing....3F|What Is This, a Day Trip?]])
|Ad Astra...<br />([[What Is This, a Day Trip?#Ad Astra...|What Is This, a Day Trip?]])
|'''Ending:''' [[What Is This, a Day Trip?#Ending: Hasty Farewell|Hasty Farewell]]
|-
|rowspan="2"|Can't Make an Omelette Without Eggs<br />([[Adventurous Acquaintance]])
|rowspan="2"|[[Treacherous Thermadon]]
|'''Ending:''' [[Treacherous Thermadon#Ending: Taste Tester Royce|Taste Tester Royce]]
|-
|'''Ending:''' [[Treacherous Thermadon#Ending: Ready to Make Sacrifices|Ready to Make Sacrifices]]
|-
|rowspan="2"|[[Expansive Eya]]
|'''Ending:''' [[Expansive Eya#Ending: No Wonder It.27s a Top-Class Commission|No Wonder It's a Top-Class Commission]]
|-
|'''Ending:''' [[Expansive Eya#Ending: Fortunate Outcome|Fortunate Outcome]]
|}

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|type=Hangout Event}}

==Ending Rewards==
{{Hangout Event Rewards
|1 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Teyvat Charred Egg|5}}
|2 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Primogem|20}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Guide to Resistance|3}}
|3 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Agnidus Agate Fragment|3}}
|4 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Primogem|20}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Teyvat Charred Egg|5}}
|5 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Agnidus Agate Fragment|3}}
|6 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Primogem|20}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Guide to Resistance|3}}
}}

==Endings==
{{Hangout Event Endings
|character    = Bennett
|act          = 1
|ending1      = Fruitless Anticipation
|ending1_text = "Well, of course discounts weren't going to be that easy to come by..."
|ending2      = Hasty Farewell
|ending2_text = That is a misfortune of great enough magnitude to change even the weather.
|ending3      = Taste Tester Royce
|ending3_text = Should you say that it was... fortunate that Royce ate that first?
|ending4      = Ready to Make Sacrifices
|ending4_text = You shook misfortune off for a time, but the price for it was...
|ending5      = No Wonder It's a Top-Class Commission
|ending5_text = As expected of an A-Rank commission! One misstep and we're stuck in here!
|ending6      = Fortunate Outcome
|ending6_text = Perhaps it was your goodwill that allowed you to snatch hold of some good luck amid all that misfortune.
}}

===Achievements===
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=Fantastic Voyage (Hangout Event)|requirements=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fantastic Voyage
|zhs     = 美妙旅程
|zhs_rm  = Měimiào lǚchéng
|zht     = 美妙旅程
|zht_rm  = Měimiào lǚchéng
|zh_tl   = Wonderful Journey
|ja      = 素晴らしい旅
|ja_rm   = Subarashii Tabi
|ja_tl   = Fantastic Voyage
|ko      = 아름다운 여정
|ko_rm   = Aruemda'un Yeojeong
|ko_tl   = Beautiful Journey
|es      = Una aventura maravillosa
|es_tl   = A Marvelous Adventure
|fr      = Merveilleux voyage
|fr_tl   = Wonderful Journey
|ru      = Волнительное приключение
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การเดินทางแสนมหัศจรรย์
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hành Trình Kỳ Diệu
|vi_tl   = Marvellous Journey
|de      = Fantastische Reise
|de_tl   = Fantastic Voyage
|id      = Fantastic Voyage
|pt      = Viagem Fantástica
|pt_tl   = Fantastic Voyage
|tr      = Unutulmaz Serüven
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un viaggio fantastico
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[es:Una aventura maravillosa]]