{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!-- NPC Faramarz.png -->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru

|affiliation      = Great Red Sand
|title            = King
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = Badanah
}}
'''Faramarz''' was a historical figure in the [[Great Red Sand]], [[Sumeru]], who lived sometime after the death of [[King Deshret]].

He was the son of the King [[Badanah]] and the prince of several city-states which existed in the Great Red Sand. He conspired with his lover [[Makhaira]], who was also his father's concubine, to assassinate the obese king. Although they succeeded, the ensuing political turmoil eventually led Faramarz to assassinate Makhaira himself, while he was exiled to [[Dharma Forest]] and met an unknown fate.

He was the creator and wielder of [[Light of Foliar Incision]].

==Story==
Faramarz was born to King Badanah, who united several city-states in the Great Red Sand including [[Tulaytullah]] and [[Saleh]],<ref>Interactable: Vaguely-Readable Inscription, [[Primal Obelisk#Sobek Oasis|Sobek Oasis]]</ref> and was first in line to inherit the kingdom.<ref name="VRI Khaj">Interactable: Vaguely-Readable Inscription, [[Primal Obelisk#Khaj-Nisut|Khaj-Nisut]]</ref> Badanah indulged in food, wine, hunting, and conquest, and gathered a harem of concubines which included the sword dancer Makhaira.<ref name="Makhqua">{{Ref/Weapon|Makhaira Aquamarine}}</ref><ref name="LotL">{{Ref/Arti|Lamp of the Lost}}</ref>

Both Faramarz and Makhaira foresaw that Badanah's rule would lead the kingdom to its destruction. The two met each other during nighttime to plot Badanah's assassination, and during that time became lovers.<ref name="Makhqua" /> They drew up a plan to use the Badanah's love for hunting to lure him into a trap; based on various accounts related to Badanah's death, they used his falcon to lead him into a structurally unstable tower, which then collapsed under the obese king's weight and sent him plummeting to his doom.<ref name="Makhqua" /><ref name="LotL" /> Following Badanah's death, the tower was destroyed and the hunting falcons were killed to be buried with the king.<ref name="VRI Khaj" />

===Ascension and Troubled Reign===
With his father dead, Faramarz ascended the throne as the new king. However, his reign was a tumultuous one.<ref name="LotL" />

Due to his relatively young age, Makhaira became the queen-regent and took a more active role of meeting with their retainers to discuss the affairs of state. For unknown reasons, Faramarz abdicated for a first time in favor of his uncle Balash, the master of Tulaytullah, and moved to the Emerald Palace. Another of his uncles, Goraz, then raised an army against Balash to reinstate Faramarz. While Goraz was successful and Balash was implied to have died in the conflict, Faramarz was moved back to the Emerald Palace while Goraz and Makhaira ruled as co-regents. This eventually led to Goraz usurping Faramarz entirely, taking the throne for himself with Makhaira as his queen and exiling Faramarz.<ref name="VRI Khaj" />

Balash's earlier deposition did not sit well with the nobles of Tulaytullah, who rose up in revolt in response. Goraz was slain and Makhaira offered the rebels his head to appease them. Faramarz was reinstated for a second time, only for the people of Saleh to rise up themselves in hopes of gaining independence and reestablishing their original Khaganate. Once again, Makhaira appeased them.<ref name="VRI Khaj" />

Another twelve of Faramarz's uncles proceeded to each vie for the throne, leading to a protracted war. Although Faramarz eventually emerged victorious and took the throne for a fourth time, he grew wary of Makhaira's penchant for aligning with whoever best served her interest towards the throne and assassinated her with a viper's venom.<ref name="VRI Khaj" /><ref name="LotL" /> Sometime afterwards, a conspiracy forced Faramarz into exile one last time, and he departed for Dharma Forest.

===Exile to the Forest===
With the little wealth he had remaining, Faramarz departed for Dharma Forest, hoping to conquer it. However, he often encountered a huntress wielding a white bow &mdash; likely [[Hunter's Path]], a relic of the woods<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Scholar of Vines}}</ref> &mdash; and was repelled time and time again. She issued him a warning, which he chose to ignore: ''"You belong to neither the forest nor death, so stay far from the king's palace."'' After several years of this routine, he encountered the "teachings of death" and came to understand the huntress' warning, but decided to embrace his fate and died in the woods, metaphorically described as being "accepted by the beneficient dream."<ref name="LotL" /><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Wandering Evenstar}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* Based on the description of his manner of death, it is likely that Faramarz succumbed to [[The Withering]] or another [[Abyss]]-related force.

===Etymology===
*Like several other historical figures mentioned in the [[Vaguely-Readable Inscription]]s, the name {{w|Faramarz}} is derived from a character in the ''{{w|Shahnameh}}'', an epic about Persian mythological history. In the ''Shahnameh'', Faramarz is the son of the hero Rostam who is killed by Kay Bahman.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en        = Faramarz
|zhs       = 法拉玛兹
|zhs_rm    = Fǎlāmǎzī
|zht       = 法拉瑪茲
|zht_rm    = Fǎlāmǎzī
|ja        = ファラマーツ
|ja_rm     = Faramaatsu
|ko        = 파라마즈
|es        = Faramarz
|fr        = Faramarz
|ru        = Фарамарз
|th        = Faramarz
|vi        = Faramarz
|de        = Faramarz
|id        = Faramarz
|pt        = Faramarz
|tr        = Faramarz
|it        = Faramarz
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}