{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Farabi.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Mondstadt
|affiliation      = Amurta
|title            = Akademiya Student

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Farabi''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Of Ballads and Brews]].

==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Of Ballads and Brews===
====Springvale====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Farabi:''' The Snowboar that has been extinct for over a hundred years has reappeared, and they've left their original cold habitat in Dragonspine to live in warmer forests...
:'''Farabi:''' This is intriguing. Has something changed in the ecology of Teyvat recently? Hmm, I must study this closely.
:'''Farabi:''' I've been to Mondstadt before, but only to drown my sorrows. Thanks to your help, I'm back on my feet!
:'''Farabi:''' I will do what I can to speed my investigations up while you guys look for traces of Snowboars.
{{Dialogue End}}

====Dawn Winery====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Farabi:''' Hmmm... Something's bothering me. Does such a creature really exist?
:'''Farabi:''' Sorry, I was just thinking about something. Mr. Edmund told me today that he once found huge animal prints at the base of Dragonspine.
:'''Farabi:''' Based on the descriptions, they seem like the prints of a Snowboar. But can there really be a Snowboar that big?
:'''Farabi:''' Once we determine the route the Snowboars took, the next stage would be to go to Dragonspine to investigate their survival out in the wild. Let's keep an eye out for the huge prints then as well.
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Trivia==

* {{W|al-Farabi}} was an early Islamic philosopher and music theorist. He has been designated as "Father of {{W|Platonism in Islamic philosophy|Islamic Neoplatonism}}", and the "Founder of {{W|Islamic_philosophy#Political_philosophy|Islamic Political Philosophy}}".

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Farabi
|zhs     = 法拉比
|zhs_rm  = Fǎlābǐ
|zht     = 法拉比
|zht_rm  = Fǎlābǐ
|ja      = ファーラビ
|ja_rm   = Faarabi
|ko      = 파라비
|es      = Farabi
|fr      = Farabi
|ru      = Фараби
|th      = Farabi
|vi      = Farabi
|de      = Farabi
|id      = Farabi
|pt      = Farabi
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[es:Farabi]]