{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Story Quest Farewell to the Past.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter
|actNum        = II
|part          = 2
|act           = Transient Dreams
|summary       = 
|character     = Raiden Shogun
|startLocation = [[Araumi]], [[Inazuma]]
|requirement   =
|prev          = Cleansing Light
|next          = Radiant Sakura
|exp           = 600
|mora          = 44,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|10}}
|characters    = Ei; Fujiki; Fukami; Paimon; Raiden Shogun; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Farewell to the Past''' is the second part of [[Raiden Shogun]]'s [[Story Quest]]: [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act II - [[Transient Dreams]].

==Steps==
# Continue the pursuit
#* Head south-west
# Talk to Ei
# Defeat the [[Rifthounds]]
#* The player's party will be locked to only the Raiden Shogun during this battle.
#* The Raiden Shogun will temporarily become immobile at random moments throughout the fight.
#* Wave 1
#** {{Enemy|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp|x=2}}
#* Wave 2
#** {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp;Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp|#**}}
#* Wave 3
#** {{Enemy List|Thundercraven Rifthound;Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp|#**}}
# Talk to Ei and ascertain her condition
# Aid the samurai in defeating the Rifthounds
#* Wave 1
#** {{Enemy|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp|x=2}}
#* Wave 2
#** {{Enemy List|Thundercraven Rifthound;Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp|#**}}
# Talk to Ei and the samurai
# Go to the cave below the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]]
# Talk to Ei
# Enter the [[End of the Oneiric Euthymia (Quest Domain)|secret realm]]
# Talk to Ei
# Defeat the Raiden Shogun
#* The player's party will be locked to only the Raiden Shogun during this battle.
#* The player's Raiden Shogun cannot die<!-- at least 6 revives throughout the entire fight --> and will instead automatically recover to full HP. Energy is also generated periodically.
# Talk to Ei once again
# Talk to Paimon about how to respond

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
<!--World Levels-->
|wl                     = 5, 8

<!--Character-->
|character_name          = Raiden Shogun

|character_level5        = 71
|constellation5          = 3

|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

<!--Weapom-->
|weapon_name             = Engulfing Lightning

|weapon_level5           = 71
|refinement5             = 1

|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

<!--Artifacts-->
|artifact_flower         = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather        = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands          = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet         = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet        = Royal Masque
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4

|artifact_level5         = 16

|artifact_level8         = 20

<!--Talents-->
|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 5
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 8

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 11

<!--Stats-->
|hp5                     = 20,788
|atk5                    = 1,770
|def5                    = 732
|em5                     = 42
|er5                     = 204.4%
|crit_rate5              = 51.8%
|crit_dmg5               = 91.9%

|hp8                     = 26,939
|atk8                    = 2,274
|def8                    = 935
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 222.1%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Many people's memories have escaped from the damaged roots of the Sacred Sakura. Raiden Ei takes the opportunity to tell you many stories about her cherished friends and the Inazuma she wants to protect.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo sglq102 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should go. Let's keep following the traces.
:{{A|vo sglq102 1 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Very well. Based on my investigation so far, I believe this next pack of monsters should be the last.

;(Continue the pursuit and defeat the Rifthounds)
:{{A|vo sglq102 1 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Once again, please leave them to me.
:{{A|vo sglq102 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, hey! A&mdash;Are you sure you're alright? You're scaring us!
:{{A|vo sglq102 1 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Fear not. Fighting is what I do best.

;(Partway through the first wave, the Raiden Shogun is immobilized for a moment)
:{{A|vo sglq102 1 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Ugh...
:{{A|vo sglq102 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you alright?
:{{A|vo sglq102 1 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I'm fine, I...

;(After defeating the Rifthounds, or if Ei's HP falls below 25%)
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ei, maybe you should leave this one to us.
:{{DIcon}} You don't look too good.
:{{DIcon}} Don't force it.
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I...
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' My apologies.
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry about it! Just take a breather and get your strength back.
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll deal with the monsters!
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look... that's the same light again.

:{{color|menu|Three samurai emerge from the light at the critical moment.}}

:{{DIcon}} Time for another trip down memory lane.
:{{DIcon}} Who have we got this time...
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fujiki 01.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' Wh&mdash;Where am I?
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fujiki 02.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' Who are you... *gasp* Almighty Shogun, you're here too!
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fujiki 03.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' Are you injured, Your Excellency?
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Ahem... I'm quite alright. Just feeling a little stiff.
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fujiki 04.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' We, the Shogunate samurai, will defend the Shogun until the very end!
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fukami 01.ogg}} '''Fukami:''' Come on, men! They're coming back for more, let's get them!
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Don't. It's too dangerous.
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fujiki 05.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' Danger is our duty, Ma'am! If we were the kind to shy away from danger, we never would've taken up arms to begin with.
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fukami 02.ogg}} '''Fukami:''' No need to worry, Almighty Shogun. When the situation looks bleak, we will draw on the power granted to us by the gods.
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that a Vision?
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fujiki 06.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' It certainly is. I know the gods are omnipotent, and their willingness to grant their power to humans means that they have high expectations for us.
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fujiki 07.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' If the Almighty Shogun is in trouble, now of all times is the moment for us to honor that.
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's how samurai of that era understood Visions, huh...
:{{DIcon}} So full of hope.
:{{DIcon}} An unwavering commitment to resistance.
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fukami 03.ogg}} '''Fukami:''' Nobody knew where Your Excellency had gone, and we were starting to despair. But now we've found you. You are right here with us.
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fukami 04.ogg}} '''Fukami:''' Just the sight of you appearing before us once more has reignited the hope in our hearts.
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fukami 05.ogg}} '''Fukami:''' This hope is the light that will guide us out from the darkness.
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fujiki 08.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' Everyone, on me!
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll help too!
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fujiki 09.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' Huh...?
:{{A|vo sglq102 2 fujiki 10.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' Affirmative. But watch your backs!

;(Defeat the Rifthounds)
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fukami 01.ogg}} '''Fukami:''' Protect the Almighty Shogun!

;(After defeating the Rifthounds)
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fujiki 02.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' It seems like their attacks are finally over.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fukami 03.ogg}} '''Fukami:''' Huh, I've never fought so fiercely before!
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Thank you all...
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm... Are you okay? Maybe you should keep resting...
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I'm fine. I feel much better already.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fujiki 03.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' You fought phenomenally. It was truly awe-inspiring.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fujiki 04.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' The monsters will definitely come back. And when they do, it'll be more than a few rifthounds this time.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fujiki 05.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' Quickly, escort Her Excellency back to Inazuma City, and regroup with the general's forces as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fukami 04.ogg}} '''Fukami:''' When everyone sees the Almighty Shogun safely returning, their spirits will be lifted.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well... what're you guys gonna do?
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fujiki 06.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' We will stay here and guard against the monsters' advance. We cannot afford to let them get any further.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fujiki 07.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' We are brothers in arms. As long as we stick together, we can face any number of monsters that come our way.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *gulp*...
:{{DIcon}} (We have no business disrupting the reality they are experiencing.)
:{{DIcon}} Great, thanks. I appreciate it.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fukami 05.ogg}} '''Fukami:''' Just leave it to us! Fighting is what we do best!
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fukami 06.ogg}} '''Fukami:''' But the Almighty Shogun is the only one of us with the power to change the present state of affairs. Only Her Excellency can turn back the tide of despair and lead us onward into the future.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fukami 07.ogg}} '''Fukami:''' No matter what kind of threat faces Inazuma, we will always place our faith in the Almighty Shogun!
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Thank you all very much. I promise you that I will create a bright future for Inazuma.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I should not have left it this late to make this promise. But from this moment forth, know that I shall be true to my word.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fukami 08.ogg}} '''Fukami:''' Don't worry, Your Excellency. We will never doubt your word as long as we live!
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fukami 09.ogg}} '''Fukami:''' With you leading us, we will claim back everything that Inazuma has lost!
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 fujiki 08.ogg}} '''Fujiki:''' Glory to the Shogun!
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 together 01.ogg}} '''Samurai:''' Glory to the Shogun!
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...They're gone.
:{{DIcon}} Was that a promise to them...?
:{{DIcon}} Or a promise to yourself?
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It was both.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The people's sacrifice has always caused me immense pain, but in dwelling on the tragedy, I overlooked their splendor... The grief blinded me to how brightly they shone in their final moments.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The result being that in the centuries since their sacrifice, I have dishonored their will.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' You could take the view that whatever I say to them is meaningless, because they are but disembodied memories held in the Ley Lines.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But even so, they are due a resolution... I owe it to them and to all the people who have placed their faith in me to date.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well... Paimon thinks that even if it's a few hundred years later, you're doing right by them now. And that's what counts.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Thank you for your comforting words. But this is my basic duty as Inazuma's archon, and I have neglected it for far too long.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I used to think just like that samurai... that I was first and foremost a warrior, and my only duty was to face whatever challenge came my way.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But what Inazuma needs more than a warrior is someone like Makoto.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 14.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Even though I am utterly unlike Makoto, and can never become the person she was, I still need to do the things that she would have done.
:{{DIcon}} Humans are worthy of your trust.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 15.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes, they are. They are strong and resilient, and have much to be proud of.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 16.ogg}} '''Ei:''' As the Raiden Shogun they revere, I should not be the one to hold them back.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well said! Sounds to Paimon like you've figured things out.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 17.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Change will come to Inazuma, and with it, new possibilities. This will take time, but eventually, the future will bring healing to the scars of the past.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 18.ogg}} '''Ei:''' No matter how long it takes, I am committed to bringing this to fruition. This is my promise.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 19.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Now that we've dealt with the rifthounds, this matter is halfway resolved. It does not appear that the threat will escalate for the time being.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 20.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I will leave the Tenryou and Yashiro Commissions to handle the follow-up work, such as investigating the origins of this incident and tending to the root system.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alrighty then! Let's move on.

:{{A|vo sglq102 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ei looks calm on the outside, but Paimon bets her emotions must be all over the place right now, huh?
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She seems to have changed a lot since we last met her.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Hmm?
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong, Ei? C'mon, keep up.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 21.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Ugh...
:{{DIcon}} Ei!
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's going on? Are you feeling unwell again?
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 22.ogg}} '''Ei:''' My body... I can't move it.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 23.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It looks like the situation is more serious than I thought.
:{{DIcon}} Do you need to take a rest?
:{{DIcon}} We should get you back to the city.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 24.ogg}} '''Ei:''' No need. "She" is calling me. The time has come.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 25.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Can you help me walk, (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 26.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I need to go to the cave below the Grand Narukami Shrine.
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why? What's in there?
:{{A|vo sglq102 3 raidenei 27.ogg}} '''Ei:''' A battleground... One where I shall sever ties with the past and take the first steps into the future.
{{Dialogue end}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|Even as the monster incident draws to a close, Raiden Ei's body suddenly takes a turn for the worse once more. As if sensing something, she asks you to take her to the cave beneath the Grand Narukami Shrine...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the cave beneath the Grand Narukami Shrine)
:{{A|vo sglq102 4 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' We're finally here. The entrance should be nearby...
:{{A|vo sglq102 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, where'd that torii gate come from?
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright?
:{{A|vo sglq102 4 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's getting worse again... But it's fine, I'm about to put an end to it all.
:{{A|vo sglq102 4 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' This is a place I once sealed off with my own hands... The entrance to Raiden Makoto's realm of consciousness.
:{{A|vo sglq102 4 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It looks like "she" will no longer allow me to do with this body as I please.
:{{A|vo sglq102 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What are you talking about? And who is "she" &mdash; Makoto?
:{{A|vo sglq102 4 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Follow me.
:{{A|vo sglq102 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where are we g&mdash; aah, aaah aaaah!!!

:{{color|menu|You are dragged into a mysterious space by some unknown energy.}}

;(Enter the realm of consciousness)
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... Paimon's dizzy, where did we get sucked into this time...
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! This place...
:{{DIcon}} It does look a lot like the Plane of Euthymia.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look! Look, over there!
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's another Ei!
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 01.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' We meet again, Traveler.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 02.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' This body is an assistant to the one within. But it is also the guardian of the rules.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 03.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Should the one within wish to stray from the rules, this body shall stand in her way.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Paimon knows that voice... is that... the puppet!?
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 04.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' You have wandered the realm in my body, and you appear to have grasped the true essence of eternity.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 05.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' You believe your present self has greater certainty than your former self. Thus, you believe your present self is correct. Don't you?
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 06.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' But have you really been enlightened with new ideas? Or have you been degraded by irreversible erosion?
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I'm here to show you my answer.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' We are both warriors, and the dialogue we must now have shall be conducted by the blade alone.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhhh, wait, wait, wait, the atmosphere in here just took a turn for the worse!
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A&mdash;Are you, uh, are you alright now?
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The discomfort I was experiencing earlier was caused by the Shogun rejecting my continued use of her body.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' As she indicates, once I started entertaining the idea of change, I became hostile in her eyes.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But inside a realm of consciousness, I exist independently of her. She cannot affect me in this way.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Though she is a puppet, the Shogun has her own consciousness, too. When necessary, she appears here to confront me.
:{{DIcon}} I think you've mentioned this before...
:{{DIcon}} This is her system to safeguard against modifications to eternity?
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon gets that everyone has their internal battles and stuff, but... not like this! It's a bit extreme!
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ei's showdown with the Shogun... Never thought we'd see that day.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The rules I set for the Shogun are... no, the Shogun herself is the manifestation of my past ideals, the very foundation stone of eternity. It shall not be easily swayed.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I would not try to change her if it wasn't necessary.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Isn't there any other way? Can't you... talk it through? ...Or something?
:{{DIcon}} Ei isn't someone who leaves herself an escape route.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But they both just want the best for Inazuma...
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 07.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' My form is a symbol of supreme majesty, in which has been vested power over all the realm. It is the cohesive embodiment of all that constitutes the "Raiden Shogun."
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 08.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' It inherits Ei's pain &mdash; the pain of inevitable loss that comes as she moves forward. So too does it inherit her determination to reach eternity.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 09.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Every action undertaken is for the sake of resisting erosion.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 10.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Determination, courage, love, hatred... All of these will be degraded and distorted by the incessant flow of time.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 11.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Only rules shall remain constant for eternity.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Those were my thoughts when I created you.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Now they are towering obstacles that I have no choice but to overcome.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 12.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' You wish to make yourself my enemy?
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 13.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' I am your past, the everlasting law, the guardian of eternity.
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' And I am she who promised a dream to her subjects... Raiden Ei.

;(Fight the Raiden Shogun)
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 14.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' In the end, even the proud and mighty oni maiden was cut down and disgraced...
:{{A|vo sglq102 5 raidenshogun 15.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' Though your blade has been cleansed of her blood and filth, never shall it shine as brightly as it once did.

;(If the player's Raiden Shogun reaches low health for the first time)
:{{A|vo sglq102 6 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I shall not fall here.

;(When the enemy Raiden Shogun reaches low health, she completely recovers)
:{{A|vo sglq102 6 raidenshogun 01.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' The Kitsune's Sakura blossoms that once filled the skies fell to the ground as pitch-black rain...
:{{A|vo sglq102 6 raidenshogun 02.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' As long as the Ley Lines flow, the relentless erosion of time will never stop.
:{{A|vo sglq102 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sh&mdash;She's completely recovered!?

;(When the enemy Raiden Shogun reaches low health a second time, she completely recovers again)
:{{A|vo sglq102 6 raidenshogun 03.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' The divine lightning that envelops all of Inazuma will fade silently into the clouds...
:{{A|vo sglq102 6 raidenshogun 04.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' There shall never be another. Never, for the rest of time...

;(Upon defeating the enemy Raiden Shogun for the third time)
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have you finally defeated her?
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenshogun 01.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' It appears your martial prowess has not dulled.
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenshogun 02.ogg}} '''Raiden Shogun:''' But how long can your will remain strong?
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How the heck...
:{{DIcon}} Surely the Shogun puppet isn't invincible...?
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' In this realm of consciousness, her existence is tenacious indeed.
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' She was built to resist erosion. Her will is stronger than any other living being's, including you and me.
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then... does that mean this is gonna be a never-ending battle?
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Maybe. But I have to prove to her that my present will is no product of erosion. The future I shall forge will be a grand undertaking, one that will be resistant to erosion.
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' If I don't do this, the Shogun's rules can never change, and Inazuma can never move forward.
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' This is my duty. No matter how long this battle may last, months, years, centuries... And no matter how many times we must fight, I will defeat her.
:{{DIcon}} What will happen to Inazuma in the meantime?
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Five hundred years ago, humanity proved their strength in battle.
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Here in the present, they rely on their ambition to challenge wayward practices, tear them out like the diseased wood of an old sakura tree, so that new, healthy branches might spring to life in their place.
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It is about time that I learned to trust them.
:{{DIcon}} But can you bear to leave humanity to go alone?
:{{DIcon}} Everyone looks to the Shogun for hope.
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I understand that. But if the dreams of which Makoto spoke are true eternity, a short moment for which the Shogun does not exist is nothing to fear.
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I fight for the everlasting future of Inazuma. However long the battle may last, it is but a drop in the ocean of eternity.
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I vow to the subjects of Inazuma that I shall one day return. This is my oath. Please be my witness.
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' During my absence, I place everything in Miko's hands.
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, but this means that&mdash;
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Pass on my words.

:{{color|menu|You were chased out of that dimension by Ei.}}

:{{DIcon}} Ei!
:{{A|vo sglq102 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa!

----
:{{A|vo sglq102 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like we got kicked out...
:{{A|vo sglq102 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do we do? Are we really just gonna leave Ei and the Shogun to keep on duking it out in there forever!?
:{{A|vo sglq102 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She was making sense, and maybe this is the only way to change the Shogun's rules, but still...
:{{DIcon}} Ei has no physical body anymore, and has to rely on the Shogun.
:{{DIcon}} But this cannot be the only way...
:{{A|vo sglq102 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right? Also, Ei can be pretty stubborn at times, and has a history of rushing into difficult situations...
:{{A|vo sglq102 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What if she gets too obsessed with winning, and she forgets why she's there in the first place? It could happen... And then she might never leave again!
:{{DIcon}} We're not about to leave her just yet.
:{{DIcon}} Our work here isn't done.
:{{A|vo sglq102 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! We should help her out, like we did last time. The quicker she gets through this, the better.
:{{A|vo sglq102 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is there any way we can cut down how long she needs to spend in there? Or, y'know, help her win the fight?
:{{DIcon}} Umm...
:{{A|vo sglq102 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, whatever, we can't let anything bad happen to Ei while she's in there!
:{{A|vo sglq102 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Oh, but we also can't get in there anymore.
:{{A|vo sglq102 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, well first things first, we gotta find a way back in! C'mon brain juice, don't fail Paimon now! Um, okay, maybe if we both ram into it at the same time, really really hard&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} We need to talk to Yae Miko.
:{{A|vo sglq102 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you're right! Paimon nearly forgot about her!
:{{A|vo sglq102 8 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who knows if she really understands these consciousness realm-plane thingies more than we do... But there's no one else we can turn to. Alright, up the mountain we go!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Farewell to the Past
|zhs     = 断绝旧日之途
|zhs_rm  = Duànjué Jiùrì zhī Tú
|zht     = 斷絕舊日之途
|zht_rm  = Duànjué Jiùrì zhī Tú
|zh_tl   = Cut off from the Past
|ja      = 往日の途を断ちて
|ja_rm   = Oujitsu no Michi wo Tachite{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Giving Up the Road of Ancient Times
|ko      = 과거를 끊는 여정
|ko_rm   = Gwageoreul Kkeunneun Yeojeong
|ko_tl   = Journey to Break off Past
|es      = Adiós al pasado
|es_tl   = Goodbye to the Past
|fr      = Des adieux au passé
|fr_tl   = Farewells to the Past
|ru      = Отказ от старого пути
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ตัดเส้นทางในวันวาน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Cut the Path in the Past
|vi      = Tạm Biệt Quá Khứ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Abschied von der Vergangenheit
|de_tl   = Farewell of the Past
|id      = Masa Lalu Biarlah Berlalu
|id_tl   = Let the Past be the Past
|pt      = Despedida ao passado
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}