{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40086
|image         = Event Quest Farewell My Shroom Buddies.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Fabulous Fungus Frenzy
|actNum        = VI
|part          = 1
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Haniyyah; Layla; Paimon; Traveler; Yae Miko; Bongo-Head; Kindlejoy; Twirly-Whirly; Blitzara <!-- fungi -->
|startLocation = [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|subarea       = Port Ormos
|prev          = The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Crisis!
|next          = 
|mora          = 20,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Farewell, My Shroom Buddies''''' is the sixth [[Event Quest]] during the [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]] Event.

==Steps==
# Wait until two days later
# Meet up with [[Layla]]
# Meet up with [[Yae Miko]]
# Meet up with [[Haniyyah]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|It's about time to say goodbye to your shroom buddies...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Pass time)
:{{A|vo eqpm006 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), Bongo-Head! It's time for us to meet up with everyone in Port Ormos!
:{{A|vo eqpm006 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go see Layla first, then Miko, and finally... go give our Fungi over to Haniyyah.

;(Approach [[Berbere]]'s stall)
:{{A|vo eqpm006 2 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (Traveler), Paimon, Bongo-Head! Over here!
:{{A|vo eqpm006 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Layla! Have you and Twirly-Whirly been having fun these past few days?
:{{A|vo eqpm006 2 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Definitely! With Twirly-Whirly helping me carry my luggage, we could go camping really far away, and I got to see the stars from a different perspective. I even managed to make some progress with my paper!
:{{A|vo eqpm006 2 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Although... I've tried making almost everything on my food list now. Every time I used flour or something, it got in the air and gave me a coughing fit... But after all that, I still haven't figured out what Twirly-Whirly likes.
:{{A|vo eqpm006 2 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It would be great if the improved Wisdom Orb allowed us to communicate directly with the Fungi... Oh! I should mention that in my letter and get someone to ask a senior Amurta scholar!
:{{A|vo eqpm006 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's never seen you in such good spirits, Layla! You spoke a lot more than usual just now, and you're still full of life... You really go the extra mile for your shroom buddies.
:{{A|vo eqpm006 2 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Whew, I think I might've overexerted myself though... I'm flagging hard. Let's go see Miss Yae before I crash ...

;(Approach the marked location on the docks)
:{{A|vo eqpm006 3 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? You're earlier than I expected...
:{{A|vo eqpm006 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko, you're not leaving, are you? It feels like you never got to properly enjoy your vacation here...
:{{A|vo eqpm006 3 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, my needs for amusement have been more than met. Thanks to your help, our little inspiration hunt went perfectly. Not only did we gain invaluable experience in the tournament, we also had all the excitement of exposing a criminal conspiracy...
:{{A|vo eqpm006 3 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes, I think I might ask Souka to ditch her original characters and just make you the protagonists in her next novel.
:{{DIcon}} You were helping behind the scenes.
:{{DIcon}} You knew there was something up with Elchingen.
:{{A|vo eqpm006 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' True! It all makes sense now. You dropped so many hints, but it went over Paimon's head at the time!
:{{A|vo eqpm006 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why didn't you expose Elchingen right away, though? Why wait for things to escalate like they did?
:{{A|vo eqpm006 3 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Going for the big reveal right at the beginning would have been an anti-climax of the most literal kind. I wanted to see how you'd react in a situation like this, and you did not disappoint...
:{{A|vo eqpm006 3 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I thought that the story between you and the Fungi would follow a master-servant paradigm, but you offered something even better: companionship, based on mutual understanding.
:{{A|vo eqpm006 3 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' From a certain point of view, it seems fitting that Elchingen, the one person who could barely keep the word "Master" from his lips, met his downfall at your hand. Of course, considering what he's capable of, I'm sure he'll have his ways of continuing to put up a fight...
:{{A|vo eqpm006 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's getting confused again... In the future, we should take notes when Miko's talking and carefully look over them later...
:{{A|vo eqpm006 3 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That's enough chatting for now. I'll leave Blitzara in your hands. Remember to take good care of it.
:{{A|vo eqpm006 3 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I hope you really give this a good shot, you and Haniyyah. The future of this highly entertaining tournament depends on the decisions you make from now on... I'm excited to see what you've got in store for us.

;(Approach the marked location west of Port Ormos)
:{{A|vo eqpm006 4 haniyyah 01.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Hello, all. Right on time.
:{{A|vo eqpm006 4 haniyyah 02.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' I've collected all the other contestants' Wisdom Orbs and found a suitable place for our Fungi friends to live. I'll make absolutely sure the surrounding environment is not affected.
:{{A|vo eqpm006 4 haniyyah 03.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Say hello to everyone, Kindlejoy.
:{{DIcon}} "Kindlejoy"?
:{{A|vo eqpm006 4 haniyyah 04.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' That's Pyro-1's new name. When I saw how well-behaved it was when we first met, a sense of joy welled up inside me.
:{{A|vo eqpm006 4 haniyyah 05.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' If I'd just let go of my preconceived notions about Fungi and allowed myself to truly feel that moment... Maybe I could have felt like that all this time.
:{{A|vo eqpm006 4 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm so glad Haniyyah has finally worked things out...
:{{A|vo eqpm006 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Even though Paimon has gotten used to the name "Pyro-1" at this point, the new name holds so much more significance!
:{{DIcon}} Congratulations, Haniyyah.
:{{DIcon}} Congratulations to you too, Kindlejoy.
:{{A|vo eqpm006 4 haniyyah 06.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' I will commit to giving these gentle creatures the highest standard of care I can provide. Please rest assured that your Fungi friends will be safe with me.
:{{A|vo eqpm006 4 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I guess it's... time for us to say goodbye...
:{{A|vo eqpm006 4 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Go on, Twirly-Whirly. Be a good Fungus now, and do everything that Haniyyah says...
:{{A|vo eqpm006 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Blitzara, Miko will be back to visit when the next beast tamers tournament comes around.
:{{A|vo eqpm006 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' High five, Bongo-Head! It was really fun having you around. Paimon hopes you have a good time at Haniyyah's, and is really looking forward to seeing you again next time!
:{{DIcon}} We'll meet again... that's a promise!
:{{A|vo eqpm006 4 haniyyah 07.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' I hope that the day when humans and Fungi can live in harmony will come quickly...
:{{A|vo eqpm006 4 haniyyah 08.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' I believe in you all, you'll make it happen! I look forward to the good news!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Farewell, My Shroom Buddies
|zhs     = 再见，蕈兽伙伴！
|zhs_rm  = Zàijiàn, Xùnshòu Huǒbàn!
|zht     = 再見，蕈獸夥伴！
|zht_rm  = Zàijiàn, Xùnshòu Huǒbàn!
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = さようなら、キノコンの仲間たち！
|ja_rm   = Sayounara, Kinokon no Nakama-tachi!
|ja_tl   = Farewell, {{lex|Fungi|ja}} Friends!
|ko      = 안녕, 버섯몬!
|ko_rm   = Annyeong, Beoseotmon!
|ko_tl   = Goodbye, {{Lex|Fungi|ko}}!
|es      = ¡Adiós, compihongos!
|es_tl   = Goodbye, Buddy-Fungi!
|es_note = ''Compihongo'' is a combination of ''hongo'' "fungus" with any one of a number of words that can be translated as "buddy." Possible words include ''compi'' "buddy, pal"; ''compinche'' "sidekick"; and ''compañero/compañera'' "companion."
|fr      = Au revoir, mes amis Fongus...
|fr_tl   = Goodbye, My Fungi Friends...
|ru      = Прощайте, друзья-плесенники
|ru_tl   = Farewell, {{Lex|Fungi|ru}} Friends
|th      = ลาก่อนนะ คู่หู Fungus!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tạm Biệt Nấm Quỷ!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Tschüs, Pilzgefährte!
|de_tl   = Bye, Mushroom Companion!
|id      = Sampai Jumpa, Temanku Fungus!
|id_tl   = See You, My Fungus Friend
|pt      = Adeus, Cogumelos!
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

[[es:¡Adiós, compihongos!]]
[[ru:Прощайте, друзья-плесенники]]
[[pt-br:Adeus, Cogumelos!]]