{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Chapter I Act II.png
|type           = Archon
|chapter        = Chapter I
|act            = II
|region         = Liyue
|prev           = Of the Land Amidst Monoliths
|next           = A New Star Approaches
|ARReq          = 25
}}
'''Farewell, Archaic Lord''' is the second act in [[Chapter I]] of the [[Archon Quests]].

==Quests==
# [[An Organization Known as Wangsheng]]
# [[Moonfinger]]
# [[Three Poignant Perfumes]]
# [[The Realm Within]]
# [[Downtown]]
# [[Guizhong (Archon Quest)|Guizhong]]
# [[Zhongli's Treat]]

==Summary==
After returning from [[Jueyun Karst]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] return to the [[Northland Bank]] and informed [[Tartaglia|Childe]] of the adepti. Childe in turn tells them that the [[Liyue Qixing]] have hidden the [[Exuvia]], but he has a contact that can get them in. [[Ekaterina]] tells them that he is waiting for them at [[Liuli Pavilion]].

Arriving at the restaurant, Childe introduces the two to [[Zhongli]], a consultant of the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]]. Zhongli states that it is his duty to give Rex Lapis a proper farewell, as the adepti are slowly distancing themselves from the rise of mankind. Because of this role, he is capable of bringing the Traveler to the Exuvia. Although suspicious of Childe's intentions, he does not pry further and states that they must go to buy the needed funeral items, the first one being some [[Noctilucous Jade]], having been provided the [[mora]] from Childe.

The three visit the [[Jade Mystery]] and inspect [[Shitou]]'s samples. Although they only needed one sample of jade, Zhongli inexplicably tries to buy all three. However, Paimon stops him and suggests to re-evaluate the purchase. Zhongli is not bothered, but reveals to them how he can tell high-quality jade based on their [[Pyro]] affinity. Returning to Shitou, he reluctantly chips off a small sample from all three of his jade. Although the samples are paper-thin, Zhongli states that they can always reinforce the interior with [[Hydro]]. The Traveler recalls the massive cooking pot from the Meaty Tribe in [[Dadaupa Gorge]]. The three travel there and use the cooking pot to test the jade samples, fending off the angry tribe due to ruining their food.

With the third sample proving to be of the highest quality, the three return to Shitou and buy the third jade from him. Shitou then inquires as to why they are buying the jade, upon which Zhongli explains to him of Rex's passing. Saddened by the Geo Archon's death, Shitou sells the jade to them at half price, which the Traveler pays off. They then leave the jade for the jewelsmith to forge.

The next items on Zhongli's list are some perfumes which are created from flowers. They meet with [[Bolai]] and ask for some [[Silk Flower]]s. Unsurprisingly, Zhongli does not have any mora on him, but after learning why they are buying the flowers, Bolai gives the flowers to them for free. However, he has no idea how to create the perfume, so he suggests speaking to some women around the city for advice, culminating with the Traveler making some with [[Ying'er]]'s assistance. With all three perfumes on hand, they return to Zhongli and offer the perfumes to the [[Statue of the Seven]] outside the harbor.

Zhongli then tells them that he needs the [[Cleansing Bell]] from [[Madame Ping]], but refuses to go with them under the pretense of having some business to attend to. They find Madame Ping in Yujing Terrace, who tells them that the bell is inside her teapot, which is actually a domain, making them realize that she is one of the adepti. They recover the bell and return to Zhongli.

With the rite nearing completion, Zhongli heads to [[Granny Shan]] and takes the kites he had commissioned. Granny Shan is one of the few who appear to care for Liyue's old traditions and appreciates Zhongli's compliments on how well the kites are made. Zhongli now needs some extra work done, so Childe gives the Traveler a bag of mora to get the needed workers. They negotiate with [[Tic]], [[Tac]] and [[Toe]] to get the requested services, before returning to Childe. Childe allows them to keep the remaining mora in exchange for some information, offering to leave the vaults at the Northland Bank open in return. Before Paimon could answer, the Traveler reflexively refuses to help him, which upsets Childe. Zhongli then walks in, unaware of the conversation, and states that they need to get some [[Everlasting Incense]] from [[Bubu Pharmacy]].

Arriving at the pharmacy, they are greeted by [[Qiqi]]. Learning that they want some Everlasting Incense, she requests their prescription, but they are not using it for medicinal purposes. Qiqi appears to be unaware of the Geo Archon's passing, stating that she will give them some if they help her hunt a cocogoat, which they'll need to use the [[Guizhong Ballista]] in order to do so. The three head to [[Mt. Tianheng]] and find the disabled ballista. Zhongli recalls that there was a supply post nearby with spare parts, which they raid to repair the ballista. Doing so causes some [[Treasure Hoarders]] to attack the group, as they had disabled it in order to loot the surrounding area. They defeat the bandits but soon realize that there is no cocogoat, as the ballista would have detected it.

Returning to the pharmacy, they tell Qiqi that there is no cocogoat. She then takes out her notebook and realizes that she meant coconut milk, and the Traveler begins explaining how coconut milk is created. A man then appears and thanks them for taking care of Qiqi. Introducing himself as [[Baizhu]], he learns that they want some Everlasting Incense and offers to sell it for three million mora, which they can't afford. The Traveler is forced to go to Childe for aid, who is amused by the story and agrees to pay for the incense and set up a supply of coconut milk for the pharmacy. As the group talks, Childe excuses himself and asks Ekaterina if she had heard of anything useful. She tells him that the Qixing have hidden the Exuvia at the Golden House.

Zhongli asks the Traveler about their opinion collecting the materials for the rite. Regardless of their response, he tells them to meet him at the [[Third-Round Knockout]], a hole-in-the-wall tavern and he has brought mora to pay for the expenses. Arriving at the tavern, [[Iron Tongue Tian]] tells them a story about [[Ningguang]] just as a young woman appears, having found the Traveler. The woman introduces herself as [[Ganyu]] and that Ningguang has extended them an invitation to the Jade Chamber. Zhongli tells them to go, as such invitations are rare, and that he'll be waiting for them at [[Dihua Marsh]] when their business with Ningguang is done.

==Major Characters==
* [[Tartaglia|Childe]]
* [[Zhongli]]
* [[Ningguang]]

==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=Farewell, Archaic Lord}}

==Trivia==
* This was the last Archon Quest Act released in the Closed Beta Test and [[Version 1.0]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Farewell, Archaic Lord
|zhs     = 辞行久远之躯
|zhs_rm  = Cíxíng Jiǔyuǎn zhī Qū
|zht     = 辭行久遠之軀
|zht_rm  = Cíxíng Jiǔyuǎn zhī Qū
|zh_tl   = Farewell to the Archaic Body
|ja      = 久遠の体との別れ
|ja_rm   = Kuon no Karada to no Wakare
|ja_tl   = Farewell to the Eternal Body
|ko      = 오래된 몸과의 이별
|ko_rm   = Oraedoen Mom-gwaui Ibyeol
|ko_tl   = Farewell to the Old Body
|es      = Adiós, amo perfeccionado
|es_tl   = Goodbye, Perfected Lord
|fr      = Adieu à l'Exuvia
|fr_tl   = Farewell to the Exuvia
|ru      = Прощайте, древний лорд.
|ru_tl   = Farewell, Ancient Lord.
|th      = ลาก่อน เทพโบราณ
|th_rm   = Lakon Thep Boran
|th_tl   = Farewell, Ancient God
|vi      = Lời {{tt|tạm biệt|暫別}} thể xác {{tt|vĩnh hằng|永恆}}
|vi_tl   = Farewell to the Eternal Body
|de      = Der Abschiedsbesuch
|de_tl   = The Farewell Visit
|id      = Sampai Jumpa, Master Masa Lampau
|id_tl   = Farewell, Ancient Master
|pt      = Corpos que Partiram para Longe
|pt_tl   = Bodies that have Departed Away
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}

[[es:Adiós, amo perfeccionado]]
[[pt-br:Corpos que Partiram para Longe]]