{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75087
|image         = World Quest Farewell, Final Saurus Cracker.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = From One Case to Another
|part          = 4
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Cisik; Furball; Lamizana; Little One; Oberon; Paimon; Quilla; Taruka; Temach; Traveler
|startLocation = 
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tezcatepetonco Range
|subarea       = 
|poi           = 
|prev          = An Air Race and an Alibi
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*250;Primogem*30;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3
|otherRewards  = 
|rep           = "Flower-Feather Clan"
|repAmt        = 200
|voiced        = 
}}
'''''Farewell, Final Saurus Cracker''''' is a [[World Quest]] in {{Location|Tezcatepetonco Range}}. It is automatically started after the {{Quest|An Air Race and an Alibi}} is completed.

==Steps==
# [[Saurian Indwelling|Indwell]] an [[Iktomisaurus]] and track the strange scent
# Get to an elevated vantage point to get a better view of the situation
# Check for clues nearby
# Disguise yourself and follow the Iktomisaurus patrol to infiltrate the camp
# Investigate the camp
# Find a way out
# Defeat your opponents
# Return to the [[Pakpaka Flying School|flight school]]
# Talk to [[Taruka]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Defeating Quilla and Furball grants the {{Achievement|The Punchy Saurian!}}.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Every Contact Leaves a Trace}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Looks like it'll take more effort to get everything cleared up...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the camp)
:'''Paimon:''' Have you found anything, {{Traveler}}?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (That smells good... Really good.)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, slow down a bit, {{Traveler}}!

;(Approach base of the ladder)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, let's stop here and observe the situation from somewhere {{color|buzzword|higher up}}!

;(Climb up to the platform)
:'''Paimon:''' Why are there [[Saurus Crackers]] here? This letter...
::{{Readable|title=
|text=<!--
-->The last batch of goods was high quality, and the clients were very satisfied. Still, one or two did complain there weren't enough types of command, which is worth consideration. The feed has been delivered at the agreed-upon time. If there is a shortfall, I'll make it up with the next delivery.<br><!--
-->Also, if you make any progress with [[Paran]], that useless nephew of mine, please let me know, so I can get ready to give him a welcome. If things work out, I doubt he'll still have any love for the tribe. I've arranged for what comes after &mdash; all that's left is for him to come to me. Of course, rest assured that you'll be given your share in full.<br><!--
-->Also, have you decided on [[Soncoyoc]]'s replacement? He sent me a letter to press the issue, the annoying buffoon. Anyway, be sure to reply &mdash; I need some way of getting him off my case.<br><br><!--
--><div class="align-right">[[Hawka]]</div>}}
:'''Paimon:''' So [[Quilla]] was the mastermind, just like Paimon thought! Even if it was for an unexpected reason... Ugh, Paran's got rotten luck for sure.
:'''Paimon:''' Just thinking about how Taruka and [[Oberon]] might be imprisoned in the camp in front of us makes Paimon feel bad about doing nothing... They didn't do anything wrong.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... {{Traveler}}, let's think of a way to save them, shall we?
:'''Paimon:''' If we can {{Color|buzzword|hide amidst the Iktomisaurus patrol squad}}, maybe we'll have an easier time getting in!

;(Enter the cave)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}} seems to have discovered something. Let's follow him, quick!

;(Approach Oberon)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Raaaawr!
:'''Oberon:''' Cooo?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh... Is that you, Oberon?
:'''Oberon:''' Croooo!
:'''Paimon:''' ...You've, ah, grown a lot since we last met...
:'''Paimon:''' Guess Taruka was right about you gaining weight easily. Oh right, where is he? Why isn't he with you?
:'''Oberon:''' Cooo... Crrooo...
:'''Paimon:''' Um, at any rate, we should probably get out of here first!
:'''Paimon:''' Now that we've found Oberon, we don't have to hide anymore, right? Paimon's still worried, though, we don't know where Taruka is... We gotta hurry!

;(Leave the cave)<!-- ah yes, Pokemon. Probably could use better names for the icons -->
:'''Quilla:''' Since you've managed to find your way here, I suppose I can finally drop the "good merchant" act. I need a breather from dealing with all the idiots.
:'''Paimon:''' You meanie! How can you pin the blame for your crimes on other people? Everyone got the wrong idea about us thanks to you!
:'''Quilla:''' I'm a villain. Is it not natural for a villain to do bad things? Besides, doesn't the fact that those three idiots misunderstood prove that I'm good at what I do?
:'''Quilla:''' Haha, and now I'm going to do something more wicked still! This time, you're not going to get away.
:'''Quilla:''' Go get them, [[Furball]]!
:'''Furball:''' Gwoooo!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go, {{Little One}}!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}}? Are you really gonna take on someone that much bigger than you?
:'''Oberon:''' Crrooo...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Raaaawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Oberon looks kinda out of it. Is he just worried about Taruka, or has he eaten too many Saurus Crackers...?
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe {{Little One}} really wants to cheer him up, so he bravely stepped out to protect us?
:'''Quilla:''' The things in this world that courage alone cannot change outnumber the sand grains of [[Sumeru]]. Compared to something illusory like that, absolute control is more reliable.
:'''Quilla:''' Attack!
:'''Paimon:''' Amazing! {{Little One}} dodged the attack! That's just what [[Tepetlisaur]]s are good at, not even the sovereign of the skies can touch 'em!
:{{DIcon|Saurian Attack}} Attack.
::'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}} is ready to attack!
:{{DIcon|Saurian Defense}} Defend.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rooo... Rawr!
::'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}} seems to feel like defending too conservatively will lead to wasted opportunity. He's getting ready to attack!
:{{DIcon|Saurian Heal}} Use an item.
::'''Paimon:''' There's nothing we can use right now! Also, don't you think it's a bit too late to set [[Beast Trap]]{{sic}} now?
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rooo... Rawr!
::'''Paimon:''' Oh! {{Little One}} is ready to attack!
:{{DIcon|Saurian Run Away}} Run away.
::'''Paimon:''' This isn't the time to run away!
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Wrrooo... Rawr!
::'''Paimon:''' Even {{Little One}} gets it! Look, he's ready to attack!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' The attack hit! It dealt... almost no damage!?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, getting a hit in is already pretty impressive! Phew&mdash; Paimon's kinda feeling tired already. Have we really only gone one round? What's going on...
:'''Quilla:''' It's my turn now, right? Attack!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Little One}} quickly assumes a defensive stance to weather the opponent's fierce assault! He successfully blocks it!
:'''Quilla:''' Wait, your [[Saurian]] defended on his own right after attacking! Tch, despicable rule breaker...
:{{DIcon}} The best way to win a turn-based game is not to take turns!
:'''Paimon:''' What should we do next?
:'''Oberon:''' ...Krraaaaa!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Oberon seems to be pulling himself together!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Raaaawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't understand what they're saying, but it looks like they've reached some kind of... mutual understanding...?
:{{DIcon|Saurian Attack}} Use a Coordinated Attack.
::'''Paimon:''' Here we go! Show us what the flight school's future star is capable of!
:{{DIcon|Saurian Defense}} Defend.
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, we're two against one here. Our opponent probably can't attack both targets at once, so isn't this a waste of a turn?
:{{DIcon|Saurian Heal}} Use an item.
::'''Paimon:''' Eat Saurus Crackers to recover 5 HP!
::'''Paimon:''' ...Not that that's necessary!
:{{DIcon|Saurian Run Away}} Run away.
::'''Paimon:''' C'mon, things are going well. Why are you still thinking about running away!?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Oberon has blocked the opponent's aerial escape route, and {{Little One}} is launching an attack! A brilliant coordinated strike!
:'''Paimon:''' That's a lot of damage Furball's taking! Did it eat a bad hit to the foot? Like, "stubbing your toe against the corner of a table," bad? Either way, the opponent seems shaken up and unable to move!
:{{DIcon|Saurian Attack}} Attack, but I'm the one attacking.
::'''Paimon:''' You could do that... but c'mon, {{Little One}} doesn't get lots of chances to show his stuff as-is, so stop being so childish!
:{{DIcon|Saurian Defense}} Persuade the opponent to surrender.
::'''Paimon:''' If words could solve problems, why would there be so many conflicts in the world?
::'''Paimon:''' Ahem... Paimon's just saying that it isn't likely to work.
:{{DIcon|Saurian Heal}} Capture it with a magical item.
::'''Paimon:''' ?
:{{DIcon|Saurian Run Away}} Let's run away now!
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Wooo... Rrroo...
::'''Paimon:''' C'mon! You're even getting {{Little One}} down now!
:'''Oberon:''' Kraaaa!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh? It looks like {{Little One}} and Oberon have a plan...
:'''Paimon:''' Saurus Crackers? Where did these Saurus Crackers come from?
:'''Oberon:''' Coo! Krraaa!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, were you hiding them under your wings? What a cunning little Saurian... Taruka must have such a hard time dealing with you.
:'''Oberon:''' Crrooo...
:'''Quilla:''' Now's not the time! Hey! Stop!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Furball ignored her command and ran towards the Saurus Crackers! The chance to recover 5 HP is just too tempting!
:'''Paimon:''' Little does it know that it's the Saurian being served on that plate!
:{{Black Screen|In summary, the battle continued on in this way, each party trading hits.<br>{{Little One}} acted courageously, of course, like he was trying to prove himself. Though he would not ever be considered an outstanding student at the flight school, he could still use his other abilities to help his companions.<br>Surprisingly, even Oberon's unexpected weight gain helped. Now granted a larger physique than the average [[Qucusaurus]], he closed off the aerial battlefield and dealt Furball a heavy blow...}}
:{{Black Screen|Quilla herself proved useless in a fight, and thus fled after Furball lost the will to fight.<br>"You damned rule breaker! You... You won't win that easily next time! Just you wait and see!"<br>After reciting the trite lines that petty villains such as herself are wont to say, she ran away with the injured Furball.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! Paimon forgot to ask her where Taruka is...
:'''Oberon:''' Crooo...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, cheer up for now. Taruka's a smart kid. He'll be fine!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr! Raaaawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Yes, that's what you think too, right, {{Little One}}? C'mon, Oberon, let's get you back to the flight school first!
----
;(Return to the flight school)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Taruka! You're back already!
:'''Taruka:''' {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}! I'm so glad you're okay... I've told my sister and everyone about what happened. Lamizana's just as big of an idiot as I thought...
:'''Oberon:''' Crooo...
:'''Taruka:''' Yes, even dumber than you, birdbrain!
:'''Oberon:''' Crooo...
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, okay, guess he's really upset after being separated from you for so long. Also, he worked super well with {{Little One}} just now!
:{{DIcon}} There's still room for more improvement.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, we're still talking about a little Saurian, here! As long as you treat him right, Taruka, Paimon's sure he'll grow into an outstanding Qucusaurus!
:'''Oberon:''' Kraaaa!
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, how did you get back here? Did someone find you and save you?
:'''Taruka:''' I escaped by myself. I wanted to bring Oberon with me, but he was busy eating Saurus Crackers and wouldn't move no matter what I did. I got angry, so I left by myself.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? It was that easy?
:'''Taruka:''' After figuring out the movement patterns of the Saurian guards, I realized there was an opening I could use to escape. Got out of there smoothly afterward.
:'''Paimon:''' Y'know, you might just be the most reliable one here...
:'''Lamizana:''' What took you so long? I was just about to settle matters with that liar... a&mdash;and officially apologize to you guys, of course... I was way too arbitrary, and almost framed innocent people.
:{{DIcon}} Too late now.
::'''Paimon:''' That's right! You only appeared after everything ended. If that isn't trying to steal credit, then what is?
:{{DIcon}} I request monetary compensation! And my participation prize.
::'''Paimon:''' So you haven't forgotten about the participation prize...
:'''Lamizana:''' I haven't any leg to stand on, so I'll pay you the agreed compensation or whatever you want from me. I won't be stingy about it. You can even punch me if it'll make you feel better!
:'''Lamizana:''' I'm a real man, so I won't try to weasel out of my responsibilities.
:{{DIcon}} We'll get {{Little One}} to give you a punch.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:{{DIcon}} I'll have {{Little One}} kick you in the toes.
::'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Lamizana:''' Ouch! Ow! I haven't been hit, but it already hurts! Please stay your merciful hands... and feet!
:'''Paimon:''' Didn't you just say you're a real man who won't try to weasel out? How pathetic.
:'''Paimon:''' Forget it, we're not that petty. Don't you agree, {{Traveler}}, {{Little One}}?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Lamizana:''' Thanks for forgiving me. The flight school... well, it has no doors, but its figurative doors will always be open to you.
:'''Taruka:''' Since you and {{Little One}} are so close, I wanted to ask you for the secret to getting along well with little Saurians!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, no problem. We'll be back later if we get the chance!

;(Talk to Lamizana and Lliwa, optional)
:'''Lamizana:''' ...Does that mean you're willing to forgive me?
:'''Lliwa:''' Hah, I didn't say that. Taruka's my brother, and you got him caught up in that whole mess. On the off-chance something had happened to him...
:'''Lamizana:''' H&mdash;Hey, come on... He's alright, isn't he? And he's a bright kid, he should be able to turn things around no matter what kind of trouble he's facing! You should have more faith in him, too...
:'''Lliwa:''' Uh-huh. And who is it that's always saying that he's immature and unreliable, and...
:'''Lamizana:''' That was then, this is now! After all that, I see him in a whole new light. So, it be{{sic}} nice if you could re-evaluate your opinion of me, too...

;(Talk to Taruka, optional)
:'''Taruka:''' No point trying to earn pity points with me. No means no.
:'''Oberon:''' Crooo...
:{{DIcon}} How are things? Getting along with Oberon?
::'''Oberon:''' Crooo...
::'''Taruka:''' Come on, you, aiming your Saurian-chick eyes at someone else won't help you either. Just give up already.
::'''Taruka:''' See, he's been like this ever since he got told to watch his diet. I'm doing this for his own good, you know... Hmm, that sounds like something Lamizana would say...
::'''Taruka:''' A&mdash;Anyway, I'll adjust his diet whenever his flying performance gets back on track, or when he grows into an adult. Don't you worry!
:{{DIcon}} About your sister...
::'''Taruka:''' She and Lamizana are the same as ever, still real close and all... Bah, I don't get what she sees in him.
::'''Taruka:''' But that's her decision to make, so I won't stop her. I've got my own concerns, after all.
::'''Taruka:''' There's a lot I have to do before I can become the best adventurer in the [[Flower-Feather Clan]].
::'''Taruka:''' You've gotta become stronger with me, Oberon, or we won't be able to venture into [[Ochkanatlan]] together!
:{{DIcon}} I'll be off, then.
::'''Taruka:''' You're leaving? Alright. You're welcome back any time.

;(Talk to Oberon while indwelling a Saurian, optional)
:'''Oberon:''' Taruka so stingy! Just wanna eat teensy-weensy bit more, come on...
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Farewell, Final Saurus Cracker
|zhs      = 再见了，最后的龙龙饼干
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 再見了，最後的龍龍餅乾
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = さようなら、最後のちび竜ビスケット
|ja_rm    = Sayounara, Saigo no Chibi-ryuu Bisuketto
|ja_tl    = Farewell, Final Small Dragons Biscuit
|ko       = 안녕, 마지막 용용 쿠키야
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Adiós a la última sauriogalleta
|es_tl    = Goodbye to the Last Sauriocookie
|fr       = Adieux, derniers biscuits sauriennaurus
|fr_tl    = Farewell, Last {{Lex|Saurus Crackers|fr}}
|ru       = Прощай, последнее заврианское печенье
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ลาก่อนนะ Saurus Cracker อันสุดท้าย
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tạm Biệt Nhé, Chiếc Bánh Quy Saurus Cuối Cùng
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Lebt wohl, letzte Saurierkekse!
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Selamat Tinggal, Saurus Crackers Terakhir
|id_tl    = Farewell, the Last Saurus Crackers
|pt       = Adeus, A Última Bolacha Saurus
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Elveda, Son Sürüngen Krakeri
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Addio, ultimo Saurocracker
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}