{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73678
|image         = Event Quest Farmland Fugitives.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Of Ballads and Brews
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Farabi; Paimon; Traveler; Walter
|startLocation = [[Dawn Winery]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Dawn Winery
|prev          = Secret Forest Shadow
|next          = Target: Master of the Snowy Peaks!
|rewards       = Adventurer's Experience*2;Wanderer's Advice*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the ''Capture'' segment in the [[Of Ballads and Brews/Autumn Crisis|Autumn Crisis]] part of event
}}
'''''Farmland Fugitives''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Ballads and Brews]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Walter]] near [[Dawn Winery]]
# Participate in the hunt near Dawn Winery

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The area around the Dawn Winery has also been invaded by Forest Boars, and [[Farabi]], who is trying his best to look for Snowboar traces, seems to be poking around that same area today...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Walter)
:'''Farabi:''' You're here, Traveler.
:'''Farabi:''' Here's some good news. Because people have found concrete evidence of the survival of [[Snowboar]]s, I just received a letter from my mentor saying that my thesis has been approved.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, sounds like everything's going smoothly for you, eh? Congrats!
:'''Farabi:''' It's a good start, but the research that follows will take a long time, so I have to be prepared to stay in Mondstadt for a while.
:'''Farabi:''' Next, I have to figure out how the Snowboars managed to leave the snowy mountains and ended up in the forest.
:'''Farabi:''' Based on the tracks that have been found, I'm guessing that they descended the mountain from its western face, passed Dawn Winery, and then made their way to [[Springvale]].
:'''Farabi:''' If this hypothesis is correct, we should be able to find traces of them in the area. So, our goal today is to investigate this.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it. Uh, also, who is this guy beside you? He looks all dressed for a hunt.
:'''Walter:''' Hello, my name is Walter. Recently, I've taken up the responsibility of overseeing security near Dawn Winery.
:'''Walter:''' [[Edmund]] told me that you guys are looking for Snowboars. Could you come with me today? I happen to need some extra hands to help out.
:'''Walter:''' *sigh* Some Forest Boars broke into the nearby farms last night, scaring off all their pigeons and ducks. They still haven't found all of them.
:'''Walter:''' Traveler, when we are hunting later, please capture these small animals when you find them and bring them back with you.
:{{DIcon}} Of course. It's my pleasure.
:'''Walter:''' I heard that you know how to use hunting tools. I've got some around here too, so help yourself. We can set off once you're ready.
:{{DIcon|Capture}} All ready! Let's go!
:{{DIcon}} Wait, I have other things to do.
::'''Walter:''' Yeah, take your time. I'll be waiting right here.
----
{{Quest Description|update|Help Walter and Farabi by participating in the hunt near Dawn Winery.}}

;(Talk to Walter again)
:'''Walter:''' Well? We can set off if you're ready to hunt.
:{{DIcon|Capture}} All ready! Let's go!
:{{DIcon}} Wait, I have other things to do.
::'''Walter:''' Yeah, take your time. I'll be waiting right here.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Farmland Fugitives
|zhs     = 农园逸犯
|zhs_rm  = Nóngyuán Yìfàn
|zht     = 農園逸犯
|zht_rm  = Nóngyuán Yìfàn
|zh_tl   = Farm Fugitives
|ja      = 農園のお尋ね者
|ja_rm   = Nouen no Otazunemono
|ja_tl   = Farm Fugitives
|ko      = 농장 탈주범
|ko_tl   = Farm Absconder
|es      = Evasión en la granja
|es_tl   = Evasion in the Farm
|fr      = Fugitifs à la ferme
|fr_tl   = Fugitives in the Farm
|ru      = Беглецы с фермы
|ru_tl   = Fugitives from Farm
|th      = ผู้ลี้ภัยจากฟาร์ม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thủ Phạm Hoa Màu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Felder-Ausreißer
|de_tl   = Fields Fugatives
|id      = Buronan Para Petani
|id_tl   = The Farmers' Fugitive
|pt      = Fuga na Fazenda
|pt_tl   = Escape on the Farm
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[es:Evasión en la granja]]
[[pt-br:Fuga na Fazenda]]
[[ru:Беглецы с фермы]]