{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Faruzan
|id             = 368161
|image          = Character Faruzan Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Faruzan''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} As your senior...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Mechanisms...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Nonsensical rules...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Research funding...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Students...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Encountered any troubles?
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Seek my advice...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Oh, it's you. Have you encountered some troubles with your studies? Don't be afraid to tell Madam Faruzan. I'll give you all the help you need.
:{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Of course, if you are in need of some life advice, feel free to consult with me as well.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I'm quite comfortable. Don't worry, I'm not one of those crabby old geezers who love to find fault with everything... I'm usually quite easy to please...
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmm? Don't you believe me?
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Maybe I do nitpick every once in a while... but only with disrespectful students. Or those nonsensical rules at the Akademiya.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' You're very agreeable, and the scenery here is quite lovely, so why wouldn't I like it here?
::{{DIcon}} Glad to hear it.
:::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship1 05a 1.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Haha, one does not run into youngsters as kind and considerate as yourself nowadays.
:::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship1 05a 2.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Let's say, hypothetically, I were to discover some design flaws after staying here for some time... you wouldn't mind if I shared them with you, would you?
:::{{DIcon}} Sure! No problem.
::{{DIcon}} Do you need anything else?
:::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship1 05b 1.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmm... Could you get me some pens and paper?
:::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship1 05b 2.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' When I arrived in this realm for the first time, I was very surprised indeed by the unique configuration.
:::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship1 05b 3.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Just what kind of mechanism allows all of this to be ensconced in a single teapot... I need to do some research...
:::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship1 05b 4.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' But it wouldn't be polite to leave you with piles of notes everywhere...
:::{{DIcon}} Sure! No problem.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Good, good. It seems like I'll be able to research my interests here to my heart's content after all.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Even if it ends up taking me another hundred years... Hehe, I will be quite content here.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Speaking of "chatting"... I once contemplated this concept in quite some depth.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' So here's a question for you: What sets conversation apart from other means of information exchange &mdash; such as a debate, or passing on a message?
::{{DIcon}} The goal of "chatting" is to get to know somebody?
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Mm-hmm, that's exactly right.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' We want to learn more about the other person's feelings, opinions, and preferences. Plus, conversing also allows us to share interesting experiences, as well as ease each other's burdens.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' The exact topic of the conversation doesn't matter as long as you're learning about the other person.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Or to put it another way, every topic matters. For those who care about you, even the most trivial things about your life will be worth their full attention.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Alas. I regret to say in the past, I have never had the time to consider the value of conversation.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Day after day, I shut myself in and toiled away at my research... Even when I was out traveling in foreign lands, I made sure to keep my letters to friends and family short and to the point. I never shared any bad news, only the good.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I dare say that I earned the title of a scholar. Yet I cannot call myself a good daughter, student, or friend.
::{{DIcon}} Don't say that, Madam Faruzan...
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Thank you for your concern.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Whew... But there's no need to fret. You know me, I'm not one to dwell endlessly on the past...
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I say all this only as a reminder to myself:
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' It's important to appreciate what you have in the here and now... to value and cherish the people you are close to.
::{{DIcon}} I can't agree more!
::{{DIcon}} Well said, Madam Faruzan!
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Alright, there's no need to flatter me. If you agree with my sentiments, why don't you help me put them into practice?
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' As someone I greatly value, you may occasionally find yourself in receipt of a letter from me, or indeed I may approach directly for a face-to-face conversation.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...I just hope you won't find me to be excessively chatty.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmm... I'm trying to figure out what the kids from the desert might enjoy. Would they prefer snacks or toys...?
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Do you have some time to help me out?
::{{DIcon}} You're headed to the desert?
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Mm-hmm. A colleague of mine left the Akademiya some time ago to return to the desert as a teacher. I received a missive from her the other day.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' She was wondering if I had any interest in paying her a visit, and perhaps holding a few literacy classes for the students...
::{{DIcon}} That's great! You'll finally have some new students!
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Haha, so you haven't forgotten about my wish.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' But the point of this trip would be to just help them learn to read some of the most commonly used words.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' We want to make reading easier for them so they can hopefully discover more interests on their own.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' If some of the seeds that we plant today can take root and grow into lofty trees in the future, that is enough for me.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Whether they choose to pursue the same field of research as me is a separate matter... Ultimately, it will all depend on their natural aptitude.
::{{DIcon}} You're hoping that some of them do, right?
:::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 10a.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmph, look at you, trying to figure me out. Do I detect someone is getting a little too big for their boots?
::{{DIcon}} Surely you'll get at least ONE new student from this?
:::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 10b.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmph, look at you, trying to take a dig at me. Do I detect someone is getting a little too big for their boots?
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' There's no point in teaching you a different kind of lesson right this moment, though. I still need time to finish some prep...
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Speaking of prep... Ah, drat.
::{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' It just came back to me. A little while ago, the Akademiya announced a new set of rules for off-site teaching. Every instructor must fill out a whole set of application forms.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Ugh, what a nuisance.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Oh well, to the ends of the ruins with that. When they find me out, I'll just say my memory failed me. It's not like they can do anything to me.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo friendship3 16.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Planning for my visit to the desert is far more important. Why don't you come with me to pick out some gifts? Snacks and toys... Let's get a good selection of both.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Madam Faruzan!
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Good morning, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Ah, and suddenly the whole day seems a bit brighter...
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Madam Faruzan.
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Oh? Can't keep your eyes open anymore?
::{{A|vo faruzan mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' That means you've worked hard today. Anything you didn't complete can be finished up tomorrow. Get some good rest!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Of Settled Thoughts===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm faruzan library 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Oh! So many books... including some antiques that I've never laid eyes on before! Wow, just skimming through a few pages, I'm already captivated...
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm faruzan library 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Here, give me your hand. You've earned some candies. As for any questions you may have for me, or anything you want to bring to my attention... hold them for later.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm faruzan library 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Just let me peruse these treasures for a little while...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Amidst Prospering Markets===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm faruzan grandbazaar 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Do you think I could open a stall here? I can offer a few different services... translating ancient texts, deciphering puzzles, selling miniature mechanism models...
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm faruzan grandbazaar 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmm... Sounds like a perfect retirement plan... Hmph, forget it then!
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm faruzan grandbazaar 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' My body and mind are still in prime condition! Retirement? Maybe in another hundred years!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Faruzán/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Faruzan/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:ファルザン/仲間]]
[[ru:Фарузан/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Faruzan/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Faruzan/Bạn Đồng Hành]]