{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00454
|image         = Story Quest Fate's Chosen Lupical.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Lupus Minor Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 4
|act           = The Meaning of Lupical
|character     = Razor
|startLocation = [[Windwail Highland]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|prev          = Ravaged by Wolves
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*400;Primogem*60;Mora*14,150;Teachings of Resistance*5;Adventurer's Experience*7;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3
|otherRewards  = 
*Unlocks [[Wolf of the North Challenge]]
|characters    = Amber;Hopkins the Marvelous;Jotun;Boreas;Paimon;Razor;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Fate's Chosen Lupical''''' is the fourth and final part of {{Quest|The Meaning of Lupical}}.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Wolvendom]]
# Talk to Razor
# Check for strange things along the way
# Investigate the blood print
# Catch up to Razor
# Talk to Razor
# Go deeper into Wolvendom
# Talk to Razor about how to help the injured wolf
# Collect [[Wolfhook]] (0/1)
# Give a Wolfhook to Razor
# Challenge the [[Boreas|Wolf of the North]]
#* {{Enemy|Andrius|text=Boreas &mdash; Great Wolf King of the North}}<br>Fight will end after the [[Wolf of the North Challenge#Interlude Phase|Interlude Phase]].

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 1,2,3,4
|character_name          = Razor

|character_level1        = 30
|constellation1          = 2
|weapon_name             = Snow-Tombed Starsilver
|weapon_level1           = 30
|artifact_flower1        = Medal of the Brave
|artifact_feather1       = Prospect of the Brave
|artifact_sands1         = Fortitude of the Brave
|artifact_goblet1        = Outset of the Brave
|artifact_circlet1       = Crown of the Brave
|set1                    = Brave Heart
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|artifact_level1         = 12
|normal_attack_talent1   = 1
|elemental_skill_talent1 = 1
|elemental_burst_talent1 = 1
|hp1                     = 7,653
|atk1                    = 582
|def1                    = 261
|em1                     = 13
|er1                     = 103.5%
|crit_rate1              = 28.8%
|crit_dmg1               = 66.8%

|character_level2        = 35
|constellation2          = 2
|weapon_name2            = Snow-Tombed Starsilver
|weapon_level2           = 35
|artifact_flower2        = Medal of the Brave
|artifact_feather2       = Prospect of the Brave
|artifact_sands2         = Fortitude of the Brave
|artifact_goblet2        = Outset of the Brave
|artifact_circlet2       = Crown of the Brave
|set1_2                  = Brave Heart
|set1_piece_bonus_2      = 4
|artifact_level2         = 12
|normal_attack_talent2   = 1
|elemental_skill_talent2 = 1
|elemental_burst_talent2 = 1
|hp2                     = 8,176
|atk2                    = 625
|def2                    = 287
|em2                     = 13
|er2                     = 123.5%
|crit_rate2              = 28.8%
|crit_dmg2               = 66.8%
|phy_dmg2                = 17.8%

|character_level3        = 45
|constellation3          = 3
|weapon_name3            = Snow-Tombed Starsilver
|weapon_level3           = 45
|refinement3             = 1
|artifact_flower3        = Medal of the Brave
|artifact_feather3       = Prospect of the Brave
|artifact_sands3         = Fortitude of the Brave
|artifact_goblet3        = Outset of the Brave
|artifact_circlet3       = Crown of the Brave
|artifact_level3         = 14
|set1_3                  = Brave Heart
|set1_piece_bonus_3      = 4
|normal_attack_talent3   = 2
|elemental_skill_talent3 = 2
|elemental_burst_talent3 = 5
|hp3                     = 13,208
|atk3                    = 934
|def3                    = 372
|em3                     = 17
|crit_rate3              = 37.0%
|crit_dmg3               = 72.4%
|er3                     = 104.7%
|phy_dmg3                = 28.3%

|character_level4        = 57
|constellation4          = 3
|weapon_name4            = Snow-Tombed Starsilver
|weapon_level4           = 57
|refinement4             = 1
|artifact_flower4        = Medal of the Brave
|artifact_feather4       = Prospect of the Brave
|artifact_sands4         = Fortitude of the Brave
|artifact_goblet4        = Outset of the Brave
|artifact_circlet4       = Crown of the Brave
|artifact_level4         = 16
|set1_4                  = Brave Heart
|set1_piece_bonus_4      = 4
|normal_attack_talent4   = 4
|elemental_skill_talent4 = 4
|elemental_burst_talent4 = 7
|hp4                     = 16,221
|atk4                    = 1,146
|def4                    = 479
|em4                     = 34
|crit_rate4              = 50.6%
|crit_dmg4               = 72.4%
|er4                     = 104.7%
|phy_dmg4                = 38.9%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You are yet again led to Wolvendom. Are these Wolfhook seeds solid evidence? Are Razor and his wolf pack really behind the attack? Or are the Wolfhooks indicative of something else?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Razor)
:{{A|vo rzlq004 2 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Who's there?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Chill out Razor, it's only us.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 2 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' You... are also knight?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...So you don't know each other after all?
:{{DIcon}} "The red one, burny girl..."
:{{DIcon}} That wasn't [[Amber]]?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 2 razor 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' No. This girl is also red, but no so burny like [[Klee|other girl]].
:{{A|vo rzlq004 2 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' This is starting to make sense. Is this the wolf boy you were talking about?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Correct! His name is Razor.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 2 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Help me out.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 2 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' With what?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 2 razor 05.ogg}} '''Razor:''' No time. I sent Lupical away. People coming, bad people.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Those guys from earlier?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 2 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I understand. But first, I have a few questions&mdash;
:{{A|vo rzlq004 2 razor 06.ogg}} '''Razor:''' *sniff* I smell blood. Quick.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 2 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Blood? I hope the wolves didn't attack those idiots...

----

;(Investigating the Indiscernible Bloodstain)
:{{A|vo rzlq004 4 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Blood droplets!
:{{A|vo rzlq004 4 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Not human blood, wolf blood. Lupical blood...
:{{A|vo rzlq004 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Loopy what now? Are you gonna tell us what it means yet?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 4 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Lupical is family fate gave me. When wolf accepts human as its own. Or human accepts wolf. That is Lupical.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like gibberish to me.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 4 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' That's strange, where does the word come from? Surely it wasn't made up by the wolves?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 4 razor 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' It's just the name he gave.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 4 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' ...Who's "he"?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 4 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Guardian of this land.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wouldn't that be [[Barbatos]] though? He is the ruler of Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 4 razor 05.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Enough. Another clue. Follow me.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 4 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hey, wait! This is your chance to prove your innocence!
:{{A|vo rzlq004 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's already gone!

;(You find an injured wolf...)
:{{A|vo rzlq004 6 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' This is him. We find his blood. Bad men did this.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How terrible...
:{{A|vo rzlq004 6 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I do agree that it's awful. But that doesn't change the fact that&mdash;
:{{A|vo rzlq004 6 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' We didn't attack village! Not us!
:{{A|vo rzlq004 6 razor 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' [[Thundercraven Rifthound|A black wolf and his pack]], not from here. They try to take over land. They broke the code.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{color|buzzword|Whose code?}}
:{{A|vo rzlq004 6 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Guardian of this land.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 6 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' That's now the second time you've brought that up. Tell us who that is.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 6 razor 05.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I take Lupical further in. Follow me, maybe you see.

;(What's this? Huge claw marks in the rock...)
:{{A|vo rzlq004 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's this?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They're sooo huge...
:{{A|vo rzlq004 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, if that one from earlier was two meters high...
:{{A|vo rzlq004 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Imagine how high this one must be.

----

;(Talk to Razor about how to help the injured wolf)
:{{A|vo rzlq004 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where are we?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 10 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' {{Traveler}}, help me. Collect these.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aren't those wolfhook seeds?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 10 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Crush them. Put on wound. Bleeding stop.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 10 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It's true. Wolfhook seeds have a liquid coating that not only functions as a mild painkiller, but also has a hemostatic effect...
:{{A|vo rzlq004 10 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' ...I read that in a book.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 10 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' ...I have no idea.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 10 razor 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Hooks help seeds move. Liquid stops pain and bleeding.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 10 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Animal doesn't feel hooks, they take seeds far away.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 10 razor 05.ogg}} '''Razor:''' ...[[Lisa|Purple teacher]] told me so.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 10 razor 06.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I stay here, take care of this one. I answer red girl's questions.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 10 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Right. And if that lot does come back, I doubt they will try their luck against a member of the [[Knights of Favonius]].
:{{A|vo rzlq004 10 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Your wolf friend is not clear of my suspicion just yet. But {{Traveler}}, we'll still need you to fetch those seeds.

;(Talk to Amber, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog rzlq004 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Traveler, go and find some Wolfhooks. I need to talk with Razor.

;(Talk to Razor again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog rzlq004 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Looks like this. Can be used to stop bleeding.

----

;(Give a Wolfhook to Razor)
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're back! Have we got enough?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Yes. Enough.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Razor was just telling me about the wolven code of conduct. Mind-blowing stuff.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Thank you.

;(While you are talking, [[Hopkins the Marvelous|Hopkins]] and company turn up...)
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 hopkinsthemarvelous 01.ogg}} '''Hopkins the Marvelous:''' We've looked everywhere and haven't seen any other wolves.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 jotun 01.ogg}} '''[[Jotun]]:''' Yep, that's wolves for you. The one we managed to capture must have been sick or something.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 hopkinsthemarvelous 02.ogg}} '''Hopkins the Marvelous:''' Wh&mdash;What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 razor 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Revenge.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 jotun 02.ogg}} '''Jotun:''' It's him! The one who was raised by wolves!
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 hopkinsthemarvelous 03.ogg}} '''Hopkins the Marvelous:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 hopkinsthemarvelous 04.ogg}} '''Hopkins the Marvelous:''' So, it was you. I should have known wolves aren't smart enough to be behind this.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 hopkinsthemarvelous 05.ogg}} '''Hopkins the Marvelous:''' I can't believe you would help wolves plot against humans!
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 hopkinsthemarvelous 06.ogg}} '''Hopkins the Marvelous:''' They throw you some scraps and you treat them like kin? Have you forgotten what you are?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Enough!
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! You can't talk about Razor like that!
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 jotun 03.ogg}} '''Jotun:''' The Knights of Favonius are gonna let this guy off!?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' We. Did. Not. Raid. Village.

;(Challenge the Wolf of the North)
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 lupiboreas 01.ogg}} '''???:''' What is this disturbance to which I awaken?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 lupiboreas 02.ogg}} '''???:''' This is no offering to Boreas...
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 lupiboreas 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Not only do you come for my kind, so too do you fail to recognize your own transgression...
:{{A|vo rzlq004 12 lupiboreas 04.ogg}} '''???:''' I will not stand for such impertinence!
:{{A|vo rzlq004 13 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Please! Calm!
:{{A|vo rzlq004 13 lupiboreas 01.ogg}} '''Wolf of the North:''' You seek to protect these outsiders, Razor?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 13 lupiboreas 02.ogg}} '''Wolf of the North:''' You cannot tame my fury.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 13 lupiboreas 03.ogg}} '''Wolf of the North:''' You must clear their name with your sword.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 13 lupiboreas 04.ogg}} '''Wolf of the North:''' Show me what your humans have taught you. Bare your claws of steel.
{{Cutscene Description|You engage in a fierce battle with the Wolf of the North...}}
;(A cutscene plays)
::{{A|vo rzlq004 cs razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Please! Calm!
:;(Cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Please. Calm down.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 lupiboreas 01.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' Hmph...
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 lupiboreas 02.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' It's just like he said. An outside wolf pack coming in and breaking the rules. They will reap what they have sown.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 lupiboreas 03.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' But Razor &mdash; you must not get involved. This is for the wolves to settle between themselves.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 lupiboreas 04.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' You fight not with claws, but with the sword. You strike not with teeth, but with lightning...
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 lupiboreas 05.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' You are human, Razor.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I am not like them! I don't belong.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 lupiboreas 06.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' You are no wolf. This is a matter for the wolves, and the wolves alone.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 lupiboreas 07.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' And you, you are Razor's Lupical amongst humans. Your nobility stands out against others of your kind.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 lupiboreas 08.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' If you ever wish, you may train with me.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 lupiboreas 09.ogg}} '''Boreas:''' I have nothing further to say. May we meet again, Razor, and company...

;(Comfort Razor, who is in low spirits)
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hey... Razor, what's that look for? Why don't you come to the city for a few days?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! You have a friend in Mondstadt anyway right?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Y'know... that red, burny friend of yours?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' You're not safe in the wild anymore. But I know that you don't wanna hurt them.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 razor 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I'm fine. Don't worry. But I'm not city human...
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' But also not wolf...
:{{DIcon}} Razor...
:{{DIcon}} Cheer up...
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 razor 05.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Thank you. {{Traveler}}, Paimon and... other red girl.
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hey!? We've been with you all this time, and you still don't even know my name!?
:{{A|vo rzlq004 14 razor 06.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Goodbye.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fate's Chosen Lupical
|zhs     = 卢皮卡，即是命运的选择
|zhs_rm  = Lúpíkǎ, Jí Shì Mìngyùn De Xuǎnzé
|zht     = 盧皮卡，即是命運的選擇
|zht_rm  = Lúpíkǎ, Jí Shì Mìngyùn De Xuǎnzé
|zh_tl   = Lupical, Namely, Fate's Choice
|ja      = ルピカ、すなわち運命の選択
|ja_rm   = Rupika, Sunawachi Unmei no Sentaku
|ja_tl   = Lupical, Namely, Fate's Choice
|ko      = 루피카는 곧 운명의 선택
|ko_rm   = Rupika-neun Got Unmyeong-ui Seontaek
|ko_tl   = That is to say Lupical is Choose of Fate
|es      = Lupical, una cuestión del destino
|es_tl   = Lupical, a Matter of Destiny
|fr      = Lupical, le choix du destin
|fr_tl   = Lupical, Fate's Choice
|ru      = Лупикал - это выбор судьбы!
|ru_tl   = Lupical - This is Fate's Choice!
|th      = Lupical, ทางเลือกแห่งโชคชะตา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lupical, kỳ thực là sự lựa chọn của vận mệnh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Lupical, eine schicksalhafte Entscheidung
|de_tl   = Lupical, A Fateful Decision
|id      = Lupical, Ditentukan oleh Takdir
|id_tl   = Lupical, Chosen by the Fate
|pt      = Lupical, é uma escolha do destino.
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Lupical - Seçilmiş Kişi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Lupical predestinato
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Lupical, una cuestión del destino]]
[[ja:ルピカ、すなわち運命の選択]]
[[vi:Lupical, Kỳ Thực Là Sự Lựa Chọn Của Vận Mệnh]]