{{Weapon Series Infobox
|quality  = 4
|region  = Mondstadt
|passive = Windfall
|naming  = Weapon name: Favonius ''weapon''
|lore    = Weapons of the [[Knights of Favonius]]
|other   = Main attribute: Energy Recharge
}}
The '''Favonius Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 4-star [[Weapon Series]], themed after the [[Knights of Favonius]].

The shared ability bonus of this series is '''Windfall''':
{{Description|CRIT hits have a '''60–100'''% chance to generate a small amount of Elemental Particles, which will regenerate 6 Energy for the character. Can only occur once every '''12–6'''s.}}

Additionally all weapons of this series also share the same '''main attribute,''' Energy Recharge, but with different values.

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Favonius Series}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* The passive cannot be activated on hits that deal no DMG, even if they score a CRIT Hit.
* The passive has a chance to activate for each hit that deals damage to an enemy as well as for each enemy hit while the character is on the field. Therefore:
** Multi-hit skills such as [[Diona]]'s [[Icy Paws]] (5 hits) are more likely to activate the passive.
** Skills that deal AoE damage such as [[Venti]]'s [[Skyward Sonnet]] are more likely to activate the passive if the skill hits multiple enemies.
** If the character equipped with the weapon is not on the field when they deal critical damage, the passive will not activate.
* In [[Co-Op Mode]], triggering the passive generates elemental particles for all members of the team.

==Lore==
Standard issue weapons of the knights of Favonius, these weapons are easily able to channel elemental energy.

The traditional Favonius Bladework originates from [[Rostam]], the Wolf Pup. Up to the present nobody has surpassed his skill yet.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Sword}}</ref>

The bladework using a greatsword originated from [[Arundolyn]], the Lion of Light. However, since it took so much physical strength the form died out over time, as he would wield a greatsword and a longsword at the same time.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Greatsword}}</ref>

The use of spears in Mondstadt was revived near the end of the rule of the Aristocracy. [[Eberhart]] was the only noble that used spears, which he learned in secret, as nobles were expected to train in the sword. However, Eberhart trained under and slayed a spear-wielding witch in order to master the weapon. Spears are also an easy weapon for commoners, and were used when overthrowing the aristocracy.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Lance}}</ref>

The group best known for their archery in Mondstadt is the Outriders, a team of archer scouts trained by a mercenary from Liyue. Unfortunately, when he left the group became a shell of its former self.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Warbow}}</ref>

The only non-standard weapon among this series, the Favonius Codex is a secret tome that belonged to the scholars among the Knights of Favonius, particularly rare due to containing elemental crystals, something only someone who has mastered the elements can create.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Codex}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
<!-- This section is transcluded at the weapons. -->
{{Other Languages
|en      = Windfall
|zhs     = 顺风而行
|zhs_rm  = Shùnfēng Ér Xíng
|zht     = 順風而行
|zht_rm  = Shùnfēng Ér Xíng
|zh_tl   = Go With the Tailwind
|ja      = 追い風が吹く
|ja_rm   = Ooikaze ga Fuku
|ja_tl   = Blowing Tailwind
|ko      = 바람과 함께
|ko_tl   = With the Wind
|es      = Avanza con el viento
|es_tl   = Go With the Wind
|fr      = Charge critique
|fr_tl   = Critical Charge
|ru      = Дружественный бриз
|ru_tl   = Friendly Breeze
|th      = Windfall
|vi      = Đi Cùng Với Gió
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Folge dem Wind
|de_tl   = Follow the Wind
|id      = Wind Companion
|pt      = Companhia do Vento
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Talih Kuşu
|tr_tl   = Lucky Bird
|it      = Vento propizio
|it_tl   = Propitious Wind
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[es:Series de armas#Serie Favonius]]
[[ja:西風シリーズ]]
[[th:เซ็ต Favonius]]