{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70520
|image         = Event Quest Favonian Goodies and Buddies.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Of Ballads and Brews
|requirement   = Complete 10 Customer Flow Cycles in the ''[[Of Ballads and Brews/Charity and Creativity|Charity and Creativity]]'' segment
|characters    = Bernhard; Albedo; Mats; Pauline; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Favonian Goodies
|next          = Charity Event! A Great Success!
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|rewards       = Adventurer's Experience*2;Wanderer's Advice*4
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Favonian Goodies and Buddies''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Ballads and Brews]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go back to the shop and check how the charity event is going

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Favonian Goodies has caught the eye of many, and some good-hearted shopkeepers would like to pitch in and help out...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 bernhard 01.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Honorary Knight, Paimon! Good news! We have some new helpers!
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 bernhard 02.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' These two store owners heard about our charity sale. They want to donate their earnings and join us.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? A donation? Are you sure?
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 mats 01.ogg}} '''Mats:''' Absolutely!
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 mats 02.ogg}} '''Mats:''' Each extra donation means one extra person getting the help they need. Both Pauline and I think that's more important than us making more money than we technically need.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 pauline 01.ogg}} '''Pauline:''' This year's Weinlesefest is busier than previous years, so we met our target earnings more quickly than we expected. That's enough for us.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 pauline 02.ogg}} '''Pauline:''' It doesn't seem right to leave the important task of caring for our most vulnerable to you alone. We just want to help however we can. Please, it's the least we can do.
:{{DIcon}} We are extremely grateful.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Ahh, this is the warmest, fuzziest feeling ever...
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, but this does mean that we'll have to change the name of our shop! Uhh, how about... Favonian Goodies and Buddies.
:{{DIcon}} Adding words... one way to make a big name for ourselves.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds good to me.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, let's give this all we've got and make this a charity event to remember!
:{{Black Screen|With two new staff, the scale of the charity sale grows...}}
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Over here for snacks, fresh flowers, and general goods! Folks, grab bargains at Favonian Goodies and Buddies!
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Hey, look, it's Albedo!
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hello there.
:{{DIcon}} Welcome to our store!
:{{DIcon}} It's been a while.
:{{Introductory Note|Albedo}}
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looking to buy anything in particular, Albedo?
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I'm not in dire need of anything right now. I just heard that you were running the Knights of Favonius' stall, and thought I'd come over.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' As it happens, Timaeus and I made some progress in our research recently, so I took the opportunity to bring you a batch of our finished product. Consider it our contribution to the charity effort.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, so you came all the way here just to help us out? That's so nice of you!
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's take a look here, we got bottles of... wait, what is this stuff?
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It's an Extra-Strong Sobriety Potion that can sober up the intoxicated and alleviate hangovers.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Please hand them out for free to anyone who needs them. Having some complimentary items will undoubtedly help you attract more customers.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like a super-useful invention! It must have taken you ages...
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Oh? It must have been a while since I demonstrated my capabilities to you.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I most likely wouldn't have had any interest in research like this in the past.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But now I think that it's worthwhile using alchemy to make people's lives easier in small ways like this.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Definitely! Well, Paimon assumes so, 'cause Paimon's never been drunk before... but plenty of our customers probably have been.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It would definitely ruin the mood if someone fell into the lake or tripped over a rock after having one too many glasses of festive cheer.
:{{DIcon}} We can't take all this and give nothing in return.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Albedo, you should take some snacks back with you and share them with Klee. It's on the house!
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Alright then, I shan't refuse.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I had no idea you two had such keen business sense.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It's a savvy choice of location for selling snacks. There's a festive mood all around, and the division of labor is eminently sensible.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' If any other knight of Favonius were running the show, it would be a much more... generic operation.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, getting complimented by Albedo is an amazing feeling... This must be how it feels to drink an Extra-Strong Sobriety Potion when you wake up with a groggy head!
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway... it sounds like you know quite a lot about running a charity sale yourself, Albedo!
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Well, I provided a dozen or so landscape paintings for a previous charity event, also run by the Knights of Favonius.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They must have been worth a fortune!
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Well, the people buying them certainly thought so.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 15.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Some felt that my painting style was a rare one worth investing in, and offered a large sum of money for each work.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 16.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This, plus the sizable profits made from auctioning some of my still life paintings, seemed to give Alice an idea.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 17.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' She used her personal connections to apply for some sort of certification for my artwork... I believe they call it "copyright"?
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 18.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Later, many artists began to imitate my landscape paintings, and they became a common sight throughout Mondstadt.
:{{DIcon}} That sounds familiar...
:{{DIcon}} So it all came from you...
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 19.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' According to the rules of the copyright that Alice applied for, the artists need to pay me a portion of their revenue for each landscape painting of this style that they sell.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 20.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Wealth was never one of my goals. I don't care where the money goes, so I entrusted it to the Knights of Favonius and let them manage it.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 21.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I suppose it would be fitting to use it to pay for the destruction that Alice has created.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 22.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But from what I hear, they use it all on charitable initiatives, which is also a noble cause.
:{{DIcon}} So you've never participated in a charity sale...
:{{DIcon}} Yet you've done more for charity than any of us...
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You never cease to amaze, Albedo...
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 23.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Though it was hardly my original intention, I have come to embrace my unexpected philanthropic achievements.
:{{DIcon}} Good for you.
::{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 24a 1.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Thank you, {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} I want to learn to paint.
::{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 24b 1.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' And I am only too happy to share my expertise with you, however... practice is the most essential factor.
:{{Black Screen|You make some snacks for Albedo to take back with him...}}
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 albedo 25.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Well then, I will be returning to the workshop. I wish you and the shop all the best.
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks for your contribution, and good luck with your research!
:{{A|vo jyeq003 1 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come again when you're free!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Favonian Goodies and Buddies
|zhs     = 西风哗哗义卖联盟！
|zhs_rm  = Xīfēng Huāhuā Yìmài Liánméng!
|zht     = 西風嘩嘩義賣聯盟！
|zht_rm  = Xīfēng Huāhuā Yìmài Liánméng!
|zh_tl   = {{Lex|Favonius|zh}} Whoosh-Whoosh Charity Alliance!
|ja      = 西風ヒューヒューチャリティー連盟！
|ja_rm   = Sepyurosu Hyuuhyuu Charitii Renmei!
|ja_tl   = {{Lex|Favonius|ja}} Whoosh-Whoosh Charity Alliance!
|zhja_note = This is a pun, as the Chinese and Japanese equivalents for {{Lang|"Favonius"|zh=西风|ja=西風|sort=zh,ja}} mean "west wind," while {{zh|哗哗}} and {{ja|ヒューヒュー}} are common onomatopoeia for the sound of wind and rain in Chinese and Japanese, respectively.
|ko      = 서풍 슝슝 자선 연맹!
|ko_rm   = Seopung Syung-Syung Jaseon Yeonmaeng!
|ko_tl   = West Wind Whoosh-Whoosh Charity Alliance!
|es      = ¡Unión Benéfica de Favonius!
|es_tl   = Favonius Charity Union!
|fr      = Potes & bidules favoniens !
|fr_tl   = Favonian Buddies & Thingamajigs!
|ru      = Вкуснота и милота от Фавониуса!
|ru_tl   = Deliciousness and Cuteness from Favonius!
|th      = ร้านพันธมิตร Favonius แจกฟรีเหอะถ้าจะขนาดนี้!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Liên Minh Từ Thiện Gió Tây Vèo Vèo!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Favonius-Wohltätigkeitsunion!
|de_tl   = The Favonius Carity Union!
|id      = Aliansi Toserba Favonius!
|id_tl   = Alliance of Favonius Department Store
|pt      = Aliança Beneficente do Ventão de Favonius
|pt_tl   = Benefit Alliance of the "Ventão de Favonius"
|pt_note = {{pt|Ventão de Favonius}} is a name and may be translate as "Big Wind of Favonius"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[pt-br:Aliança Beneficente do Ventão de Favonius]]
[[ru:Вкуснота и милота от Фавониуса!]]