{{About|the Quest|the Furnishing|Favonian Goodies (Furnishing)}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70519
|image         = Event Quest Favonian Goodies.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Of Ballads and Brews
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Obtain at least 32,000 [[Business Earnings|funds]] in the ''[[Of Ballads and Brews/Charity and Creativity|Charity and Creativity]]'' segment
|characters    = Bernhard; Fischl; Mona; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Charity Event? Securing Funds?
|next          = Favonian Goodies and Buddies
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|other         = {{Card|Wanderer's Advice|4}}{{Card|Adventurer's Experience|2}}
* Unlocks '''The Knights of Favonius Charity Stand'''
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Favonian Goodies''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Ballads and Brews]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go back to the shop

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After going through a fair bit of effort, the starting capital for your charitable activities has been obtained. It's time to open for business...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After securing funds)
:{{A|vo jyeq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lemme see... Yep, looks like we've got enough funds now! Let's go see Bernhard.

;(Approach Bernhard)
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bernhard, we've got all the funds you need!
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 bernhard 01.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Already? Wow, you sure work fast!
:{{DIcon}} Everything's in place, we just need to open shop now.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 bernhard 02.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Alright, our suppliers are ready and waiting &mdash; just give me a moment.

:'''Bernhard pays the suppliers with Fairbrew Jellies, and before long the shop is complete.'''

:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 bernhard 03.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' What do you think? Not bad, huh? Of course, if you're in a creative mood at any point, feel free to redecorate the place however you want.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's great! Really looks the part!
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The shop definitely needs a name though! Hmm, how about... "Favonian Goodies"?
:{{DIcon}} Indubitably Paimonial.
::{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 04a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Paimon will take that as a compliment! Okay, Bernhard, so what do you need us to do next?
:{{DIcon}} What do we need to do next?
::{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 04b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! A little feedback on the name, please? A nod of the head, perhaps!?
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 bernhard 04.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Gathering the funds was a monumental task. It must have been very demanding. So don't worry about all the other menial things that need doing &mdash; I'll handle those.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 bernhard 05.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' You both have more experience than me. It'd be great if you could figure out the more managerial-level things like our sales strategy, {{w|Standard operating procedure|SOPs}}, {{w|Unique selling proposition|USPs}}, {{w|Quality control|QC}} principles, {{w|Performance indicator|KPIs}}...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 bernhard 06.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' I've gotta be honest &mdash; I hear other store owners using these terms, but I can't say I really know what they mean. I just know they're important... which means they're probably best dealt with by you.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So in other words, we'll be the shop owners who make the big business decisions, and you'll be the shop assistant doing all the actual day-to-day work?
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 bernhard 07.ogg}} '''Bernhard:''' Yep, my strength is in execution. Your shop, your rules! I am but a tool to be used however you see fit!
:{{DIcon}} Very selfless...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm... That sounds a little extreme. This is for charity, remember? We're not some cutthroat business executives...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 07a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 07b.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' Alright, why don't you go ahead and take a tight five, Bernhard? The two of us need to touch base on strategy.

:'''You and Paimon analyze the product offering and hash out some core strategic action points...'''

:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, we have a clear corporate mission statement: Our goal is to become the best darn snack shop in the whole festival market!
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now, let's all prepare to give 110% as we receive our first customers...
:{{DIcon}} We're open for business!
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' (Traveler)? Paimon? What a surprise!
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mona and Fischl! You came to check out the market, huh?
:{{Introductory Note|Mona}}
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hm! One was wise to follow one's intuition, and ask Lady Megistus to join the Prinzessin on a tour of this folk festival...
:{{Introductory Note|Fischl}}
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Extraordinary events may yet unfold even on this unexceptional autumn day... Splendid, most splendid!
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein is battling hard to suppress the euphoria in her voice. Seeing you here has put her in the most wonderful mood...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' O&mdash;Oz! Spare us your gratuitous embellishments!
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hehehe, maybe you should leave me to do the explaining.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Not long ago, Her Highness had a very nice dream, and took it as {{sic|an}} sign that something good was about to happen. Naturally, Her Highness' first thought was to come to me for some astrological guidance on the matter.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' She also noticed that the Weinlesefest was in full flow, and asked if I was interested in checking it out with her.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I, of course, agreed. I can take advantage of the festival-period discounts to purchase some bulk supplies for my present column-writing spree.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I must admit, without Her Highness' reminder, the Weinlesefest may well have completely passed me by...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Lady Megistus, might Her Highness remind you that the dream of which you speak occurred no less than nine days ago...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' And that only after awaiting Lady Megistus's return letter in vain for all this time did one have no recourse but to rap most furiously upon the door to thy abode...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Wait... it's been nine days already? NINE DAYS!? Where did the time go!
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 fischl 06.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' In light of the great importance this manuscript has to you, Lady Megistus, one shall not hold thy inattentiveness to the passage of time against thee.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' But I would implore you, Lady Megistus, to be attentive at least to the nigh-overflowing mailbox outside your door. There appear to be many others whose letters go unanswered.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Mona... you were so immersed in your research that you forgot all about the time, stopped checking your mail, and almost missed out on a huge festival.
:{{DIcon}} Sometimes, it's very important to not be disturbed.
:{{DIcon}} Your ability to focus is admirable.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ahem! Anyway! Time is of the essence, I have a lot of bulk-buying to do!
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Speaking of which &mdash; it's quite a surprise to see you running your own shop. And a snack shop at that, the most important kind!
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, actually, we're just helping someone else out, hehe. Feel free to browse around!
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to purchase?
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Let me think... Can you recommend anything that, um... goes well with a drink?
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure can! If you've got the hangries, then look no further! Just let Paimon check the menu...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a sec... "goes well with a drink"?
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh... is the writing going that badly? You know drinking isn't gonna solve your problems, right?
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' As it happens, mein Fräulein has been visiting Mona quite frequently as of late. It is possible that Lady Megistus is feeling the pressure from the constant interruptions.
:{{DIcon}} Hang in there, Mona!
::{{A|vo jyeq002 2 fischl 07a 1.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Restrain yourself, Your Highness!
::{{A|vo jyeq002 2 fischl 07b 1.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' H&mdash;Huh!?
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' No, no, it's nothing like that. This has nothing to do with drinking or with Fischl's visits, you all need to calm down...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Recently, Her Highness invited me to try her signature cold cut platter... Sorry, I mean Die Heilige Sinfonie!
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' It had such a unique taste and every bite was so sumptuous, before I realized it, I had finished the entire plate...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... Well, an empty plate is the highest compliment you can give to the chef.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 14.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Die Heilige Sinfonie is an excellent dish. It's filling, full of energy, and has a long shelf life. And if I'm not mistaken, it's often paired with alcohol, yes?
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 15.ogg}} '''Mona:''' It is in almost every respect a far superior dish to the so-called "Satisfying Salad," the sole exception being the steep price...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 16.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Fortunately, however, the Weinlesefest is upon us. A festival during which not only are wines sold at discounted prices, but also wine-related food products.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 17.ogg}} '''Mona:''' This opportunity is a godsend. I cannot let it slip by.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 fischl 08.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Rejoice, Lady Megistus! That dish was but a spontaneous creation hastily made in a moment of need while on a royal excursion. You shall have many opportunities to enjoy far finer culinary delights than this...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 oz 04.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein means to say that this dish represents a mere fraction of her full capabilities.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 18.ogg}} '''Mona:''' But of course! Far be it from me to suggest that the true breadth of Her Highness' culinary brilliance can be displayed in a single dish...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 19.ogg}} '''Mona:''' However, I cannot expect the sovereign to serve her subject... Ugh, what I mean is, I can't keep letting you cook for me when you're a guest in my home...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 20.ogg}} '''Mona:''' At the very least, I should have something more than salad in store for when people come around... With any luck, I'll be able to find something to your taste here...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 fischl 09.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Huh? Mona... is that really what this is all about?
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 oz 05.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein, might I suggest alternative phrasing that would be more faithful to your style? Perhaps "long had I foreseen this," or "thou needst not fret over thy affinity for salad."
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 fischl 10.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ahem! ...Most indeed! Lady Megistus!
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 fischl 11.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' You have long since earned the recognition of your Prinzessin... Devote yourself to deciphering the secrets of the starry sky. You need not spend precious hours in search of additional ways to delight me.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 21.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Don't worry, I won't always be as busy as this... it'll be quite nice to work on some other skills when I have the time.
:{{DIcon}} In that case...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Allow Favonian Goodies to be the solution to your troubles!
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In addition to our range of ready-to-eat drinking snacks, we also have a wide variety of semi-prepped dishes for sale. Why not get a few of each kind?
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Finishing off these ready-to-cook meals at home is easy as pie, takes no time at all, and can help you improve your cooking skills.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then, once you have more time on your hands, you'll be ready to challenge yourself with some trickier dishes!
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We can even come and help, if you want! (Traveler) is really good at cooking, it'd be no problem.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, piece of cake.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 22.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Haha, that's a great idea! I'm almost tempted to increase my budget now...
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 fischl 12.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Lady Megistus, your Prinzessin awaits your culinary masterpiece with great anticipation.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 oz 06.ogg}} '''Oz:''' But please keep Paimon's suggestion in mind and allocate your time wisely.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 mona 23.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm-hmm, oh, you just wait. The next time you dine at my home, I'm sure you will be pleasantly surprised!

:'''Mona buys some supplies, thanks you profusely, and leaves with Fischl and Oz, feeling very satisfied...'''

:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehehe, Favonian Goodies has just completed its first sale!
:{{DIcon}} A small sale...
:{{DIcon}} ...but a major milestone.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! And it makes Paimon so happy to see a delighted customer find something that they really like.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon never knew that selling things to people who need them could feel so fulfilling. Looks like being a shop owner is a pretty cool job after all.
:{{A|vo jyeq002 2 paimon 25.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, (Traveler), let's keep up the momentum and get our name out there!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Favonian Goodies
|zhs     = 西风呼呼义卖铺！
|zhs_rm  = Xīfēng Hūhū Yìmài-pù!
|zht     = 西風呼呼義賣鋪！
|zht_rm  = Xīfēng Hūhū Yìmài-pù!
|zh_tl   = {{Lex|Favonius|zh}} Whoosh-Whoosh Charity Shop!
|ja      = 西風ザーザーショップ！
|ja_rm   = Sepyurosu Zaazaa Shoppu!
|ja_tl   = {{Lex|Favonius|ja}} Whoosh-Whoosh Shop!
|zhja_note = This is a pun, as the Chinese and Japanese equivalents for {{lang|"Favonius"|zh=西风|ja=西風|sort=zh,ja}} mean "west wind," while {{zh|呼呼}} and {{ja|ザーザー}} are common onomatopoeia for the sound of wind and rain in Chinese and Japanese, respectively.
|ko      = 서풍 후후 자선 가게!
|ko_rm   = Seopung Huhu Jaseon Gage!
|ko_tl   = West Wind Puff-Puff Charity Shop!
|es      = Tienda Benéfiufiu de Favonius
|es_tl   = Favonian Charity Shop
|fr      = Bidules favoniens !
|fr_tl   = Favonian Thingamajigs!
|ru      = Вкуснота от Фавониуса!
|ru_tl   = Deliciousness from Favonius!
|th      = ร้าน Favonius การกุศลกว่านี้ก็แจกฟรีแล้ว!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Quầy Hàng Từ Thiện Gió Tây Vù Vù!
|vi_tl   = West Wind Puff-Puff Charity Shop!
|de      = Der Favonius-Wohltätigkeitsladen!
|de_tl   = The Favonius Charity Store!
|id      = Toserba Favonius!
|id_tl   = Favonius Department Store!
|pt      = Loja Beneficente do Ventão de Favonius
|pt_tl   = Big Wind of Favonius' Charity Store
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
[[pt-br: Loja Beneficente do Ventão de Favonius]]