{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Feather of Judgment.png
|set   = Gilded Dreams
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|This special feather was once used to weigh the hearts of the guilty, but it has since lost its original function.}}
'''Feather of Judgment''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Gilded Dreams]].

==Description==
"In the new world, everything shall be good."<br>
In ancient times, the edict of the high heavens descended into silence, and the land lost its master.<br>
The past, one of civilization and ease, was abandoned, submerged in choking darkness.

Later, the law, which even time could not reverse, would once again take the measure of all life in the desert.<br>
A feather to weigh hearts, and molten metal to measure divine wisdom, both ruling with selfless rationality.<br>
Obeying the judgment of the [[King Deshret|God King]], the law rooted in blood would be carved upon the desert paradise.<br>
And when the ideals of governance were twisted by deep sorrow, the dignitaries became abettors,<br>
Ignoring the palace foundations even as they gradually sank into the quicksand, moving forward toward an insane, light-less future.

"All betrayals must be mercilessly judged,"<br>
"And the judgment must be utter devastation."<br>
Later, the rules would be corrupted by pride and become shackles,<br>
And the unfortunate citizenry would have their destinies chained by their [[King Deshret|God King]]'s choice.

==Trivia==
*The concept of a feather which weighs hearts is derived from the "feather of {{w|Maat}}." Maat was the Ancient Egyptian concept of truth, balance, order, and justice, as well as the name of the goddess who embodied this concept. At the end of a person's life, a person's heart &mdash; a part of their soul &mdash; would be weighed on a scale against the feather of Maat. If the heart was lighter than the feather, the person led a virtuous life and would move on to Aaru, the namesake of [[Aaru Village]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Feather of Judgment
|zhs      = 裁断的翎羽
|zhs_rm   = Cáiduàn de Língyǔ
|zht      = 裁斷的翎羽
|zht_rm   = Cáiduàn de Língyǔ
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 裁断の羽根
|ja_rm    = Saidan no Hane
|ja_tl    = Feather of Judgment
|ko       = 심판의 날개
|ko_rm    = Simpan-ui Nalgae
|ko_tl    = Wing of Judgment
|es       = Pluma del Juzgamiento
|es_tl    = Feather of Judgment
|fr       = Plume du jugement
|fr_tl    = Feather of Judgment
|ru       = Перо суждения
|ru_tl    = Feather of Judgment
|th       = Feather of Judgment
|vi       = Lông Vũ Phán Quyết
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Feder des Urteils
|de_tl    = Feather of Judgment
|id       = Feather of Judgment
|pt       = Pluma do Julgamento
|pt_tl    = Feather of Judgment
|tr       = Yargı Tüyü
|tr_tl    = Judgement Feather
|it       = Piuma del giudizio
|it_tl    = Feather of Judgment
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Gilded Dreams}}

[[fr:Plume du jugement]]
[[ja:裁断の羽根]]
[[tr:Yargı Tüyü]]
[[vi:Lông Vũ Phán Quyết]]
[[zh:裁斷的翎羽]]