{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19080
|image         = Hangout Event Feathers Adrift in a Spring Breeze.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Kaeya
|actNum        = I
|act           = Shenanigans and Sweet Wine
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Aunt Zhang; Captain Wu; Chuyi; Guangzhi; Jiayi; Kaeya; Mr. Bai; Shitou; Tea Master Liu Su; Traveler; Xingxi
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = A Familiar Face in a Faraway Place
|next          = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Feathers Adrift in a Spring Breeze''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Shenanigans and Sweet Wine}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the Liyue Ministry of Civil Affairs
# Stroll around Liyue Harbor with Kaeya
# Admire the goods at Mingxing Jewelry
# Go to The Jade Mystery and have a look
# Go to Heyu Tea House to listen to the storyteller
# Chat with everyone
# Chat with everyone
# Chat with everyone
# Keep listening to the storyteller
# Talk to Kaeya
# Talk to Captain Wu
# Wait till 8:00 – 12:00 the next day
# Go to Yanshang Teahouse
# Go upstairs to find Kaeya and put your plan into action
# Have a chat with "Mr. Bai"
# Follow the hostess to the side and explain
# Talk with Captain Wu
# Go to the seaside

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this route grants the {{Achievement|Lucky Coin (Achievement)}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A chance meeting with a friend in a faraway land is hard to come by, so why not join up and travel together for a time?}}
===Feathers Adrift in a Spring Breeze===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908001 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I've heard that there's lots to see and do in Liyue, but I'm sure you're more familiar with the place than I am. So I'll leave the itinerary to you.
:{{DIcon}} I have friends all over Liyue, and can score discounts galore.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1908001 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Excellent. Well, hopefully I'll get to know some of these friends for myself.
:{{DIcon}} I know all the best scenic spots. Can't go wrong when you're with me.
::{{A|vo kycop001 1908001 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Great! Maybe you can tell me about your previous travels here along the way.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908001 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' It's such a satisfying feeling to just drop everything, go on a long trip, and see something new.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908001 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Who knows who we might cross paths with? We might even end up going on an impromptu adventure. Just like how I met you in [[Port Ormos]], and now we're here. Come on, let's see what's up ahead.

;(Approach Mingxing Jewelry)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908002 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Do you know this shop? It looks pretty nice from the outside. Shall we take a look?

;(Talk to Xingxi)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908002 xingxi 01.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Welcome to Mingxing Jewelry. We are a long-established trader of precious stones. Is there anything in particular you're looking for?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908002 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Let me see... Ah, some nice jewelry you've got here. Maybe I can grab something with a local flavor as a souvenir.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908002 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' What do you think, {{Traveler}}? See anything that suits my style? I trust your judgment.
:{{DIcon}} Already buying souvenirs on the first day of your trip?
:{{DIcon}} Goods from Mingxing Jewelry don't come cheap. Are you sure?
:{{DIcon}} Actually, let's check if they sell anything off the shelf.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908002 xingxi 02.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Ah, you're interested in souvenirs? If you're struggling to decide, you might want to consider getting some jade. You can't go wrong with a nice jade pendant. They're an elegant addition to your look whatever your age or gender.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908002 xingxi 03.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' If you're looking for a specific design, we can make it to your specifications. It does take some time to fulfill an order, however... High quality jade is hard to come by, so our waiting list is at least a couple of weeks.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908002 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, that's a pity. I'm just visiting, and I won't be in town for very long. So as much as it pains me to do so, I'm afraid I'll have to leave these beautiful bijoux behind.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908002 xingxi 04.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' No worries at all, Sir. If you're looking for something off the shelf, why not go and see Mr. Shitou at The Jade Mystery? He also deals in jade and precious stones.
:{{DIcon}} Ah, the guy with the uncut stones.
:{{DIcon}} Ah, you mean the jade-betting guy.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908002 xingxi 05.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Exactly. But on that note, let me give you a word of advice.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908002 xingxi 06.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' There's no risk in purchasing a piece of jade that's already been cut, but you could lose all of your Mora betting on uncut rocks.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908002 xingxi 07.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' Hehe, I won't say any more, as I don't want my fellow vendors to think I'm bad-mouthing them. But I think you catch my drift.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908002 xingxi 08.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' It's only human nature to spend a little when you're on a trip, but don't be too hasty to part with your cash.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908002 xingxi 09.ogg}} '''Xingxi:''' The Ministry of Civil Affairs takes everyone's economic well-being very seriously, and they often send out the Millelith to spread public awareness of well-known scams. As guests here, I'd encourage you to watch out for anyone trying to rip you off.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908002 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I think that's sound advice wherever you go in Teyvat. We appreciate it, Boss.

;(Talk to Shitou)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 01.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Welcome! Looking for uncut stones, or pre-cut jade? We've got plenty of both for your viewing pleasure!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Uncut stones? Ah yes, we were just briefed on that... Hmm, let's take a look at the pre-cut jade.
:{{DIcon}} (We should be careful...)
:{{DIcon}} (We mustn't rush into a purchase...)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 02.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' I believe I detect a quiet but distinct tone of apprehension in your words! Please rest assured, there's nothing to be quite so wary about with my business.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 03.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Feel free to peruse at your leisure. I think you'll find that everything I do here is entirely above-board and legitimate, and I sell only pure and unadulterated goods. No scam, guaranteed.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 04.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Sure, you can bet on jade and lose if you're unlucky, but that doesn't make it a scam.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 05.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' My terms are clear and transparent, and I only do business with willing customers. What scammer can claim that?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Sounds perfectly reasonable. At the end of the day, it doesn't matter how much the vendor is charging &mdash; if the customer decides to hand over their money, they're taking the bait of their own free will.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 06.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Yes, exactly, I'm glad you understand！...Although, your peculiar phrasing at the end there... You almost make it sound as if I really am scamming people...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 07.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Ahem, anyway, betting on jade is what it is! Feel free to try your luck, but if you can't afford to lose, then it's not for you. We don't need to cause each other any trouble.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 08.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' I'll leave you to browse at your own pace now while I deal with other potential customers.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hmm... Amber-colored jade would probably make for a good souvenir...
:{{DIcon}} Are you really thinking of buying it?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Why not? This is a quirky little place. Somehow, I'm inclined to entertain him for a bit.
:{{DIcon}} These Cor Lapis pieces are a Mora a dozen.
:{{DIcon}} I have better-quality pieces than these.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well, if you're not interested, then I guess we'll pass.
;(Captain Wu walks over)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 09.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Ahoy there, Captain! Fancy seeing you back in town. Struck any gold lately?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 captainwu 01.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' What, a poor sailor like me? You must be joking. I barely manage to make ends meet. What about you, Shitou? Still scamming people with your pile of rocks?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 10.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Hey, keep your voice down, can't you see I've got customers? But more to the point, when have you ever seen a customer get scammed in my store?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 captainwu 02.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' I mean, you want the full list? Or... Hold up, is that...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 captainwu 03.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Captain Kaeya! What, uh, brings you to Liyue? Heh...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...Oh, just taking a short trip with my friend. It's been a while.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 captainwu 04.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Yes... It's been a good while, hasn't it, haha.
:'''Kaeya:''' ...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Anywhere you'd recommend I visit while I'm here?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 captainwu 05.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Let me think... [[Wanmin Restaurant]]'s always a pretty good bet. [[Chef Mao]]'s [[Xiangling|daughter]] is a skilled chef, and their prices are very reasonable. My wife can't get enough of their boiled fish. You could give that a try.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 captainwu 06.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' And uh, speaking of my wife &mdash; she won't let me forget what a great help you've been to us before... So thank you, on her behalf.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Your wife?&nbsp;...Ah yes, how is she doing these days? Keeping well?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 captainwu 07.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Very well, thank you, very well... Anyway, uh, I've got something I need to do down at the south wharf, so my apologies, Captain Kaeya, but I'd better get going.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Alright, see you.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...Ah, I've finally remembered who that was. Captain Wu, he runs a transport business between Mondstadt and Liyue.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 11.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' I see... So you went through that whole conversation with no idea who you were talking to. Well, that explains the generic pleasantries... and the general awkwardness.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 12.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Old Wu's usually quite the chatterbox, so it's very unusual for him to just take off mid-conversation... How exactly do you two know each other, anyway?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he owes Kaeya money?
::{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Nope, that's not it. I don't give out loans.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he owes Kaeya a favor?
::{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' An educated guess. Yes, you could put it like that.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' It's pretty straightforward, honestly. The captain was making a delivery to Mondstadt when his ship sprang a leak. He overexerted himself fixing it and keeping the cargo dry, and ended up passing out from exhaustion. I took him to Mondstadt to recover.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 13.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Hmm, well it still seems strange to me. Sure, he's hardly the most charming conversationalist, and he's also mighty stubborn, but all of us know old Wu as an honest and kindhearted man.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 14.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' His eldest was once playing on that big rock over there when he took a tumble and injured himself. I helped to patch the kid up, and the next day, old Wu was here to buy a couple of uncut stones.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 15.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' I'm just surprised he was so quick to excuse himself, that's all. Normally, he's the kind of guy who, if you run into him on the street and he owes you a favor, he'll grab you by the hand and thank you profusely until you ask him to stop...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well, "stubborn" I can believe. Someone had drilled a gaping hole in his ship, and the water was coming in fast. How he managed to make it all the way to Mondstadt, not to mention with his cargo intact, I have no idea.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 16.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Someone drilled a hole in his ship!?&nbsp;...Oh dear, it must have been one of the less savory captains out there trying to sabotage his business, so they can squeeze their way into the market... When competition is stiff, sometimes things get ugly. It's the way of the world, unfortunately.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 17.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' His line of work isn't easy &mdash; the poor fellow usually has to set sail before the break of dawn. He's been loitering around a lot these past few weeks, though &mdash; I thought maybe he'd come into some Mora.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 18.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Competition is fierce these days, and there's not a lot of Mora to be made in shipping. So every day he stays idle is another negative day in the books... I do wonder what's gotten into him.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 19.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Anyway, I digress! We merchants protect our goods like our own lives, so who knows &mdash; maybe he had some important cargo to see to... Either way, good Sir, don't mind him.
:{{DIcon}} Kaeya's a good knight.
:{{DIcon}} Kaeya is a kind soul.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 15.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hehe, I am an upstanding member of the Knights of Favonius, after all. Just look me in the eyes. Don't you find me trustworthy?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 20.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' Since you asked about recommendations earlier... You're here from Mondstadt, yes? Might I suggest the Tea House as somewhere to rest your legs?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 shitou 21.ogg}} '''Shitou:''' If memory serves, they're just about to retell The Tale of Bravebeard, The Valiant from the top. Why not pay them a visit?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908003 kaeya 16.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Huh, sounds interesting enough. Let's check it out.

===Old Favors===
;(At the Heyu Tea House)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' So this is the Heyu Tea House...
:{{DIcon}} Let's find some seats.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 01.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Ah... W&mdash;We meet again, Captain Kaeya.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 02.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' What a coincidence! Twice in one day, hehe...
:{{DIcon}} Didn't you say you had something to do at the South Wharf?
:{{DIcon}} How are you already chilling at Heyu Tea House?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 03.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Oh... That didn't take me long. And I ran the whole way.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 auntzhang 01.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' Eh? Wu, weren't you just at Wanwen Bookhouse buying a book for your daughter? What's this talk about the wharf?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 guangzhi 01.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' Shh, just leave it be, Aunt Zhang. There's no need to embarrass him right in front of everyone else.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 guangzhi 02.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' I take it that you two aren't from around these parts? I'm a caravan guard by trade, and meeting people from all over the world is one of the main perks of the job for me. Why don't you join my table, so we can get to know each other?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oho, seems like the Tea House is the place to be in Liyue. Feels like I'm back in the Angel's Share.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Did you manage to get something for your daughter just now, Captain Wu?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 04.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Yes, thank you! If it weren't for you, Captain Kaeya, she might not even have made it into this world.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 auntzhang 02.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' I'm so lost, Wu... What's the story here?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 05.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' ...*sigh*
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 guangzhi 03.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' Your wife's originally from Mondstadt, isn't she? Did you run into Captain Kaeya when you were there on business? Or when you were visiting the in-laws?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 06.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' *sigh*&nbsp;...The latter.
:{{DIcon}} So wait, you two have met more than once?
:{{DIcon}} So wait, Kaeya's saved you more than once?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 07.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Oh, this is so humiliating... Anyway, back when my wife was pregnant, we were taking a trip to Mondstadt to visit her parents this one time, when we were mugged by a group of Treasure Hoarders near Dawn Winery.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 auntzhang 03.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' Oof, that sounds awful... Were either of you hurt?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 guangzhi 04.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' I mean, he's still here, and he's still got all his limbs, so they can't have roughed 'em up too bad... I'm guessing Captain Kaeya stepped in before they could do either of you any serious harm, huh?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 08.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Yes, he did. Thankfully, he heard my wife crying for help, and drove them away.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 09.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' My wife was injured and quite shaken up by the ordeal, so he took her to the winery, and asked them to look after her.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 auntzhang 04.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' Eh? So what happened to you? Where did you disappear to?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 10.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' I... I was in the water...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 guangzhi 05.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' Huh? What did you jump in the water for? You know they can still get you in there, right...?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 11.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' No, that's not&mdash; I didn't... Th&mdash;They threw me into the water. And, uh, stripped me of all my clothes...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 auntzhang 05.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' They did what? Did they have a weird {{Not a Typo|fe|tish}}, or something? Stripping a sailor naked and throwing him into the water... It's not like you were going to drown. So then what? I take it you swam to shore?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The Treasure Hoarders always move in groups, and fighting back when you're outnumbered isn't usually an option. It's no surprise that they quickly overpowered Captain Wu... I'm just glad that everyone made it out alright at the end.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 12.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Captain Kaeya! Please, there's no need for you to try to save face for me like this. I already owe you so much... You don't have to do anything more.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 01.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Yet despite that, I somehow only ended up humiliating myself further... *sigh* There's no point in me trying to save face now.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 13.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' They tossed me into the water to humiliate me, and to use it as leverage to get my wife to pay up. But they didn't know that I could swim...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 14.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' What I'd intended was to pretend to drown, then sneak back onto shore while they weren't looking, and find a way to rescue my wife...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 15.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' That was before Captain Kaeya appeared out of nowhere and saved the day. So then, I figured I'd get out of the water, get dressed, and catch up with you...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 16.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' But god knows what they did with my clothes &mdash; I couldn't find them anywhere! By the time I gave up looking for them, you were most of the way to the Winery, so I had to run after you with nary a thing on myself...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 auntzhang 06.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' Outrageous...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 guangzhi 06.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' So, uh... what happened next?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 17.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' I made it to the Winery, but the maids noticed me first... And they called the lord of the manor out to give me the beating the Treasure Hoarders never got around to...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 18.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' After my wife recovered consciousness, she had to have a long talk with the young lord to explain everything. He then escorted us both safely to Stone Gate...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 auntzhang 07.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' Pffhahaha, oh Wu, I'm sorry, but... Hahahaha...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 guangzhi 07.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' Yeesh... Good luck living that one down...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 19.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Trust me, I know. My wife never lets me forget. *sigh*...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...I'm sorry, Captain. I wasn't intending to share that story.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 20.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' It's fine, it's my own fault for thinking I could sweep it under the carpet and forget about it. I don't know if I can ever repay you for all you've done... That's why I get so embarrassed every time I run into you.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 21.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Still, it won't stop me from trying. You and your friend are here to catch the storyteller, right? The tea's on me &mdash; it's the least I can do.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908004 captainwu 22.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' In fact... They do serve some food here, too, but it's not the best. Okay, let me run and get some fruit to share... I'll be right back.

;(Talk to Guangzhi)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908011 guangzhi 01.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' I wonder how much [[Fan Er'ye]] caught of that... Old Wu really has no filter, does he...

;(Talk to Aunt Zhang)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908012 auntzhang 01.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' Ah, poor Wu, hahaha... Oh gosh, I'm so sorry, it's just... Pfft...

;(Talk to Kaeya)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908013 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' He really didn't have to share all the details of that story, but since he didn't seem to mind, I wasn't about to stop him...
:{{DIcon}} Did you forget about what had happened to him?
:{{DIcon}} Did you avoid bringing up the whole story on purpose?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908013 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I did actually forget at first. But once he brought up his daughter, the memory of his naked escapades came flooding back.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908013 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Diluc thought some pervert was harassing the maids. He charged straight out of the door, greatsword in hand and raring to go... I haven't seen him so angry in a long time, ahahaha.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908013 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...Ah. So many people owe me favors nowadays, it's hard to keep track of them all. I really should go check my favors ledger once I'm back and refresh my memory.
:{{DIcon}} You have a favors ledger?
:{{DIcon}} That's... alarming...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908013 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hey, you didn't think I was being serious, did you? Do I really strike you as the kind of person to keep track of favors in a notebook?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908013 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I just helped the guy out on a couple of occasions because I happened to be in the right place at the right time. I have no intention of asking him to do anything for me in return. At least... not so far.

;(Talk to Kaeya again, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908013 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hey, you didn't think I was being serious, did you? Do I really strike you as the kind of person to keep track of favors in a notebook?

:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 02b.ogg}}--> '''Captain Wu:''' I'm back with fruit! Please help yourselves, everyone. My treat.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Thank you.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 03.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Don't mention it. It's just a few fruits, nothing extravagant.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 04.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Once my new pharmaceutical business takes off and I have Mora to spare, I'll get you a proper thank-you gift and send it to the Knights of Favonius.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 guangzhi 01.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' Pharmaceutical business? So you've found a new career? No more shipping?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 05.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Shipping's impossible work nowadays. There's too much competition, and the margins are too small, so I've decided to switch gears.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 06.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' I'm going to become a partner of [[Bubu Pharmacy]], and provide funding for a brand-new medication they're producing.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 07.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' It's specially formulated to treat seasonal joint and limb pain. If you didn't know, it's a very common health complaint among sailors, but also extremely difficult to treat.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 08.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' I've suffered from it myself, which is why I know that a lot of people stand to benefit from this once it enters the market.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 09.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' It's a good cause, and a stable source of income. Whichever way you look at it, it's a step up from the back-breaking work I did before. I've already had some talks, and invested one million Mora for the first round of funding.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 auntzhang 01.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' That's impressive, Wu. I wouldn't have thought you had the connections for something like that. So is it Dr. [[Baizhu]] that you're in talks with?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 10.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Oh no, not Dr. Baizhu. Actually, it was his master, Dr. Baifuzi. His medical expertise and clinical experience are second to none, and he really cares about his patients.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 11.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' He gave me a few of his Traditionally Formulated Bone-Strengthening Pills when he saw me suffering from my leg pains one day. It was like a miracle cure &mdash; the pain immediately went away!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 guangzhi 02.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' Dr. Baizhu's... master?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 12.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Yeah. I told him I'd be enthusiastically recommending his medicine to the other guys at the docks, and after some hesitation, he just went right ahead and wrote up a prescription for me, completely for free.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 13.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' He said that he shouldn't really be handing out free prescriptions since, and I quote, "it goes against generations of tradition handed down by our forebears." But he just felt like it was the right thing to do... What a great guy.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 guangzhi 03.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' Uh... But I got chatting with Dr. Baizhu recently when the Secure Transport Agency did a delivery for Bubu Pharmacy... He told me that [[Baizhu's Master|his master]] has already passed away...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 14.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Huh!? Why would he say something like that? I mean, the guy's old, but he's still in great health.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Captain Wu... where did you meet this old master?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 15.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Uhh... just out on the street. I know that sounds dubious, but this is an educated and respectable gentleman we're talking about. There's no faking that.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 auntzhang 02.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' Hold on a second, I've just remembered something. My nephew-in-law met a medicine seller not too long ago too. He also described it as a miracle cure.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 auntzhang 03.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' He spent a lot of Mora on it, but when he brought it to Bubu Pharmacy, [[Herbalist Gui]] took one look and told him he'd bought nothing but regular painkillers.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 auntzhang 04.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' This Baifuzi you met &mdash; did he by any chance have a goatee and salt-and-pepper hair?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 16.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' He did...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' If I may, Captain Wu. There's a lot of Mora involved here. It seems like it would be worth asking this Dr. Baizhu about his master, just to set the record straight. You could show him the medicine as well. Clearly there's some misunderstanding here.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 17.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' You're right, Captain Kaeya. A quick trip to Bubu Pharmacy, and I can get Dr. Baizhu to clear all of this up. I'm sure it's all... I mean, hopefully it's all... fine...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 guangzhi 04.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' He left in a hurry... He must be stressed out of his mind right now.
:{{DIcon}} Should we go with him for moral support?
:{{DIcon}} I know Dr. Baizhu! Maybe I should go and help...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hey, let him deal with this, okay? No point in you stressing yourself out too. Fraud or not, it's up to Captain Wu to figure out exactly who he's gotten himself involved with.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm no [[Darknight Hero]] &mdash; or martial arts hero, for that matter. And neither are you.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Wait... Or are you? Now that I think about it, I can see you having a secret double-life as a martial arts hero in Liyue... You certainly have the personality for it.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Either way, Liyue has its own rules and regulations. Best to let the Ministry of Civil Affairs deal with this in the proper manner. If a couple of outlanders like us get involved, we might just end up muddying the waters &mdash; even with the best of intentions.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' We came here to enjoy ourselves, remember? We don't want to get our priorities mixed up. Oh, and look at that, the storyteller's taking the stage.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 teamasterliusu 01.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' It is said that the sky's the limit for the aspirational soul, but alas, for the woes of the world are equally limitless. No such stranger to woes was Huanguang, a man who, having suffered countless injustices at the hands of his fellow men, forsook them to dwell among the mountains and rivers.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 teamasterliusu 02.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' Yet fate fortuitous found him when he entered the tutelage of an adeptus, and learned many mystical arts from them. Per his master's wishes, he then returned once more to the human world &mdash; only this time, with a sworn duty to cleanse the land of demons, and to see justice done wherever he might tread...
:{{Black Screen|You listen to The Tale of Bravebeard, the Valiant.}}
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Is that all? Aw, I was hoping to hear the rest of the story.
:{{DIcon}} Did you like the storyteller?
:{{DIcon}} What did you think of the story?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' It was alright. I suppose the hero always has to sacrifice himself to save others, and it does make for some good storytelling. But it leaves you wondering how he really feels about the whole thing. Did he ever have second thoughts? Only he can know, I suppose.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 18.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Ah, I see the show is over.
:{{DIcon}} Did you find Baizhu?
:{{DIcon}} Were you defrauded?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 19.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Yeah, I saw Dr. Baizhu... Looks like it was a scam after all.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 auntzhang 05.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' Then what are you waiting for? Don't just stand there! You need to report this to the Ministry of Civil Affairs right away!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hold on, let's not lose our cool. Get your story straight first, so you can give them a clear and detailed account of events in the order that they occurred. And one more thing... Do you still have a way to contact this guy?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 20.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Well, I'd arranged to meet him at the Yanshang Teahouse once I've withdrawn the next sum of Mora... So I suppose he'll still be waiting on that.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Okay, so you've got another meeting lined up... Hmm...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 21.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' ...Ugh, I've got no one to blame but myself for this... I can't believe I was so gullible. I guess the world isn't made for naive simpletons like me.
:{{DIcon}} Don't say that. This is not your fault.
::{{DIcon}} Your good nature is nothing to be ashamed of.
::{{DIcon}} The way he abused your trust is despicable.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 22a.ogg}} {{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 22b.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' {{MC|m=Young man|f=Young lady}}, you're a good person, and I'm touched by your words of comfort. Still, it's up to me to find a way to get my Mora back.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 23.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' The consequences are mine alone to bear. Hah, at my age, I'm sure I should be comforting the young with words of wisdom rather than the other way around... What does that say about how I've spent my life...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hmm...
:{{DIcon}} What is it, Kaeya? Got a solution?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 15.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' It's obvious, isn't it? He needs to report the case to the Ministry of Civil Affairs.
:{{DIcon}} But I want to help.
:{{DIcon}} There must be more we can do.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 kaeya 16.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...Come with me.

;(Talk to Aunt Zhang, Guangzhi, or Captain Wu, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 auntzhang 06.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' That con-artist is human scum!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 guangzhi 05.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' Don't worry, Wu. We'll come with you to the Ministry to report the case.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 captainwu 24.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Surely I'll be able to get my Mora back... probably... hopefully...

;(Talk to Tea Master Liu Su, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908005 teamasterliusu 03.ogg}} '''Tea Master Liu Su:''' O woe is him, the hero that perishes before his time. O woe is his children, whose hearts will forever mourn his passing... But what will become of Bravebeard's younger sister, you ask? Till next time, dear listeners... All will be revealed in the next chapter.

;(Talk to Kaeya)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908017 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I am quite curious. How does our chivalrous martial arts hero intend to come to Captain Wu's rescue here?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908017 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' There are countless victims of injustice in the world. We can't try to help each and every one of them, can we?
:{{DIcon}} But you're a good person, Kaeya.
:{{DIcon}} Right now, we can at least help one person.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908017 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oho, I'm surprised. I didn't know you thought of me as someone who helps other people unconditionally.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908017 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm genuinely flattered, but we both know that I'm not that kind of person really.
:{{DIcon}} You didn't want others to laugh at Captain Wu's woes.
::{{DIcon}} And that's why I believe you'd be willing to help.
:{{DIcon}} You helped Captain Wu just because you were there, and you didn't even remember it.
::{{DIcon}} And that's why I believe you'd be willing to help.
:{{DIcon}} You even helped him think through where we can find the con-artist.
::{{DIcon}} And that's why I believe you'd be willing to help.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908017 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Your logic is very straightforward... and quite endearing in its simplicity.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908017 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' But I like how you think. So I'll indulge your martial arts hero aspirations for now.

;(Talk to Captain Wu)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908018 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Captain Wu, how would you feel about owing me one more favor?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908018 captainwu 01.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' I'm sorry, Captain Kaeya?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908018 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Let's say, hypothetically speaking, I found a way to recover your Mora that would leave the man who defrauded you feeling angry and frustrated, but give him no way to get back at you...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908018 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' If it could be done, and the only cost was owing me yet another favor &mdash; what would you say?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908018 captainwu 02.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' What exactly are you getting at?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908018 kaeya 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo kycop001 1908018 kaeya 04b.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' {{Traveler}} here is adamant that you should ask me for another favor. Personally, I blame the storyteller. After the inspiring tale of Bravebeard, {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s all gung ho about playing hero, and righting this injustice once and for all.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908018 captainwu 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo kycop001 1908018 captainwu 03b.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Captain Kaeya, {{MC|m=young man|f=young lady}}, I... Thank you. I will humbly accept your kindness.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908018 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Alright. Now, here's what I'm thinking...
:{{Black Screen|You develop a plan with Kaeya.}}
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908018 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Alright, then it's settled. Per our brave hero's plan, let's rendezvous at Yanshang Teahouse tomorrow.

;(Talk to Guangzhi or Aunt Zhang again, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908018 guangzhi 01.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' Don't worry. You can count on us.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908018 auntzhang 01.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' Absolutely. We're all neighbors here. Old Wu's problems are our problems too.

===The Gamblers===
;(Approach Yansheng Teahouse)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908016 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You're here. Good. I'll head upstairs first, and you join me in a bit.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908016 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You've got nothing to worry about. As long as this lucky coin's in my hands, it'll do as it's told.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908016 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Before I toss the coin, I'll get our guy to bet heads or tails. Then it's your turn to bet &mdash; now remember: {{color|buzzword|If I touch my chin, you bet heads. If I touch my forehead, you go for tails}}.
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
:{{Black Screen|Kaeya leaves.}}
:{{Black Screen|Everyone is in position.}}
:{{Black Screen|The plan is risky, but if anyone can pull it off, it's Kaeya.}}
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908016 chuyi 01.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' Hello. Are you waiting for someone?
:{{DIcon}} Ah, sorry, I must have spaced out for a second there.
:{{DIcon}} I'll head up now.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908016 chuyi 02.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' As long as you follow the rules of the Tea House, you're welcome here. Please be our guest.

;(Talk to Chuyi, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908016 chuyi 02.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' As long as you follow the rules of the Tea House, you're welcome here. Please be our guest.

;(Talk to Captain Wu, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 captainwu 01.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' I know all I have to do is wait here, but... No, forget it. I can't get cold feet now. I'll trust you and Captain Kaeya!

;(Talk to Aunt Zhang, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 auntzhang 01.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' This table's taken.

;(Talk to Guangzhi, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 guangzhi 01.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' This table's taken.

;(Approach Kaeya and Mr. Bai)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...Hmm, from the way you describe it, Liyue does sound like an attractive place to settle. Perhaps I might have to make the move here after all.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' All that awaits me back in Mondstadt is a horde of insufferable sycophants... Truly tedious. Hmph, the reason I left home in the first place was because I was reluctant to simply live off my inheritance.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 01.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' I understand. For one as ambitious as yourself, Mr. Rich, living off of the family fortune must feel like the dullest existence in the world...
;(The Traveler walks over)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Um, what are you doing? It's common courtesy to introduce yourself... Can't you see we got here first?
:{{DIcon}} Don't be so uptight. I'm just looking for a seat.
:{{DIcon}} The other tables are all taken. This was the only place left.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' They're running out of tables, huh? Looks like this location's getting too small for them... Very well, I'll make an exception for you this one time. Let's hope the tea, at least, won't disappoint me.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 02.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' So, my friend, what's your name?
:{{DIcon}} (Kaeya and I discussed titles in advance...)
::{{DIcon}} I am an aspiring foreign disciple of the [[Guhua Clan]].
:{{DIcon}} (I'm an aspiring foreign disciple of the Guhua Clan.)
::{{DIcon}} I am an aspiring foreign disciple of the Guhua Clan.
:{{DIcon}} (Kaeya is a young lord from a wealthy family.)
::{{DIcon}} I am an aspiring foreign disciple of the Guhua Clan.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 chuyi 01.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' Here is the tea that you ordered. Please enjoy.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ugh, this tea is... Never mind.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Mr. Bai, this has been a most pleasant and insightful conversation. I consider it good fortune that I encountered such a refined gentleman as yourself so far from home. Please allow me to pay for the tea.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 03.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Hehe, yes, good fortune indeed. In that case, I must thank you for your generosity.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You there, I'll get yours too.
:{{DIcon}} *nods*
::{{DIcon}} Far from home?
::{{DIcon}} Where are you originally from?
:{{DIcon}} ...Thanks.
::{{DIcon}} Far from home?
::{{DIcon}} Where are you originally from?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, you can't tell? My family's lived in Mondstadt for generations. I got bored sitting around at home, and decided to set off on a journey to expand my horizons.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The sights of Liyue Harbor are rather spectacular. I've half a mind to buy a waterfront property here, so I can come vacationing every year.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' That would be quite nice. If the family would spare me a little loose change, I could even invest in an antique shop or two so I have something to do during the day...
:{{DIcon}} But waterfront properties are so expensive...
::{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' And? The point of life is to enjoy yourself. If something makes me happy, it's worth every Mora.
:{{DIcon}} Flaunting your wealth much? Show off...
::{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Flaunting? Come on, we're talking, twenty, thirty million tops, surely? Isn't that just pocket change?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 04b.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Mr. Rich, just to clarify, that's quite a large sum of Mora as far as the common {{MC|m=man|f=woman}} is concerned. It's understandable that our friend over here feels out of {{MC|m=his|f=her}} league.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The name's Albert. Surname Rich, but only the servants in the house address me as Mr. Rich. Now that we're so well acquainted, Mr. Bai, please just call me Albert.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 05.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Hahaha, Albert does have a nice ring to it. It is my honor to become friends with someone of your... caliber.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You flatter me. What say you to acting as my guide during my time in Liyue? I'll pay you handsomely, of course. Naturally, board and lodging would be included, and I could pay you in the region of 50 thousand Mora per day.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 06.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' No need, my good friend, I shan't be so vulgar as to take your Mora. We're both men of character. The pleasure of your ongoing acquaintance shall be ample reward in itself.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 07.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' To join a noble gentleman on his travels is a rare opportunity. Please, let me draft up an exact itinerary... I'll make sure to give you the experience of a lifetime.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 15.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You there, you're welcome to join us if you want. Which clan did you say you were with? The... Hoo-Hah Clan, or something?
:{{DIcon}} It's the Guhua Clan...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 16.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Guhua, huh... Strange choice of name. Gotta say, I've been in Liyue for a while now. This is the first I'm hearing of them... I guess they're one of these obscure ones who keep to themselves.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 08.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Yes, well, there are many martial arts clans and factions in Liyue. It's only natural that you haven't become acquainted with all of them.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 17.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ah, fair enough. Still, weird name. Bet they have some even weirder practices.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 18.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Seriously though, what kind of skills do you guys train, anyway? It's all for show, right? I saw some people performing a few tricks down at the wharf. Is it that kind of thing?
:{{DIcon}} The Guhua Clan is devoted to the teaching of martial arts.
::{{DIcon}} If you're comparing the Guhua Clan to street performers, we have nothing to talk about.
:::{{DIcon}} I will take my leave now. I'll get my own check as well.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 19.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I already told the server to put it on my tab. Don't bother getting her to split the bill, it'll only complicate things.
:{{DIcon}} Our master teaches us not to accept free favors.
:{{DIcon}} I was merely passing by. Your generosity would be better served elsewhere.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 09a.ogg}} {{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 09b.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' {{MC|m=Young man|f=Young lady}}, there's no need to take things so seriously. Why don't you loosen up and enjoy the free drink?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 20.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Are you trying to make a point by throwing my generosity back in my face? Alright then, what if I say your bill is mine, and don't let you pay?
:{{DIcon}} ...Wanna fight?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 10.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Please, my friends, let's not get so worked up. Yanshang Teahouse is no venue for a duel. We'll all get escorted right out the door.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 11.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' You young people have hot tempers, I understand that. But there's no need to come to blows over a few words taken to heart when there are far more diplomatic ways to resolve the dispute.
:{{DIcon}} Ugh... Okay, then how about we settle this with a coin toss?
::{{DIcon}} I'll foot my own bill if I win.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 21.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Did I hear that right? So you'll only pay for yourself if you win, but I'll get the check for the three of us if you lose... It's not that I care about the Mora &mdash; after all, I offered to pay for everyone's drinks in the first place.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 22.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' No, what I find truly absurd is your refusal to play fair. I demand that you also pay for three if you win.
:{{DIcon}} What a load of hogwash.
::{{DIcon}} If I win the bet, you have to make a formal apology to the Guhua Clan.
:{{DIcon}} You insulted me first, and now you also want to dictate terms?
::{{DIcon}} If I win the bet, you have to make a formal apology to the Guhua Clan.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 23.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hmph, fine, you can have your apology if you win. But on one condition: We'll do the best of three, and the winner pays for the table.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 12.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Well, as long as you're no longer raring to fight... Peace begets wealth, as the elders used to say...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 24a.ogg}} {{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 24b.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Why don't you join us, Mr. Bai? Let's entertain this {{MC|m=guy|f=gal}} for a sec. We don't want {{MC|m=him|f=her}} to think you're stingy.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 13.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Uh... But I wasn't even a part of your argument...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 25.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' What are you trying to say, Mr. Bai? Whose side are you on here?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 14.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' I... O&mdash;Of course I'm on...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 26.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' And anyway, it's no big deal if you win. It's just a few cups of tea, after all, so you can just take it from your fees as my guide.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 baiqiming 15.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Ugh... Alright then, I suppose it's not all that different from the dice gambling games I used to play in my youth. If it's just for a few drinks... you can count me in.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 27.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Alright, now we're talking. Okay, now that we've agreed on the rules, how should we do this coin toss? After all, a Mora coin looks the same on both sides.
:{{DIcon}} Easy. We can just borrow a pen from the counter to mark one side.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908007 kaeya 28.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well, that should be simple enough. Here, I'll take this coin and ask the counter to draw a line on one side. You two can wait for me.

:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 01b.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' {{MC|m=Young man|f=Young lady}}, I can see that you haven't spent many years in the real world. You take everything far too personally.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 02.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' I, too, only met this Mondstadt millionaire by complete chance today, but we're getting along just fine. I actually came here to meet with a business partner, to count the cash from two recent investments, when this gentleman struck up a conversation with me.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 03.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' In the real world, you've got to keep up appearances. There's no need to offend the rich. After all, if you keep them happy, you can probably make some Mora off of them, too.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 04.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' You young people are much too impulsive. It pays to keep a level head.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Just so we're clear, let's say the marked side is "heads" and the unmarked side is "tails." Everyone has to pick a side before the coin toss. Oh, and no takebacks.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' We should also take turns tossing the coin.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 05.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Sounds fair to me. Why don't you do the first toss, Albert?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Alright, then I'll start us off. Here we... Wait, I nearly forgot to collect everyone's bets. Mr. Bai, heads or tails?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 06.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Hmm... I suppose the choice is arbitrary, since it's a fifty-fifty chance... I'll go with tails.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Let me think... I'll also go with tails. What about you? Heads or tails?
:{{DIcon}} Heads.
:{{DIcon}} Tails.
::'''Kaeya:''' ...
::{{DIcon}} (You remember that Kaeya touching his chin means heads) Heads.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 07.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Ugh, darn, I won... Lucky me, I guess...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I won as well. Guess there might be a formal apology in the cards after all.
:{{DIcon}} Hey, this is just the first toss...
:{{DIcon}} Let's keep going.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hmm... I have a suggestion. If one of us loses twice in a row, they should get knocked out while the other two carry on playing to decide the winner. Otherwise, with three of us playing, it'll start to get difficult to keep track of who's won the most times.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I flipped the coin last time, so why don't you go next? I don't want you blaming my coin-tossing skills if you guess wrong this turn. Here...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 08.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Now just wait a second, my dear friends. Please let me do the second toss.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh? Anxious to take your turn, Mr. Bai?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 09a.ogg}} {{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 09b.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' You are both young, and I've already seen your short tempers for myself. If Albert loses this round and this {{MC|m=young man|f=young lady}} wins, you'll be tied, and before you know it, you'll be at each other's throats again...
:{{DIcon}} Please, he was the one at fault.
:{{DIcon}} (The plan was for Kaeya to pass the coin to me next...)
:{{DIcon}} (This isn't a part of our plan! What should we do...)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 10.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Well, that's not my only consideration, either. You two may be too young to know this, but I've been around the block a few times... What's to say this isn't a trick coin, hmm?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 11.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' In dice games, people use all sorts of methods to rig the game. Some even fit the dice with mechanisms that give them whichever result they want.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 12a.ogg}} {{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 12b.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' If Albert wins the next round and you, {{MC|m=young man|f=young lady}}, lose for the second time in a row, then the third round will just be a tiebreaker between him and me, and you won't get your apology to the Guhua Clan.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 13.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' If that happens, only for you to then find out that the coin was rigged all along, you're sure to accuse me of working with Albert to scam you while mocking the Guhua Clan... I can only imagine the kind of vengeful warpath that would put you on.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 14.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' A purely hypothetical scenario, of course, but one that I'm bringing up now to avoid any misunderstanding further down the road. Go on, give me the coin. I'll show you how to check if it's been rigged.
:{{DIcon}} (Why is Kaeya still smiling...)
:{{DIcon}} (If he catches us out, we'll be in deep trouble...)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Very diligent of you indeed, Mr. Bai. Looks like I chose the right person to be my guide. Here, take it.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 15.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' A rigged coin will always be a little heavier than a normal coin, you see... This one seems perfectly normal to me, however. But don't take it from me, why don't you test it for yourself?
:{{DIcon}} No need.
::{{DIcon}} (Phew, that was a close call...)
:{{DIcon}} Pettiness is below me. I trust your judgment.
::{{DIcon}} (Phew, that was a close call...)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' What's your bet this time, Mr. Bai?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 16.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' I'll stick with tails.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Tails, huh... Well, you seem to have a feel for this, so I guess I'll match your bet again this round. Tails it is. And you?
:{{DIcon}} Heads.
:{{DIcon}} Tails.
::'''Kaeya:''' ...
::{{DIcon}} (You remember that Kaeya touching his chin means heads) Heads.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 17.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Hmm, well my luck's still just about holding out. The three of us are now tied, so no one drops out. Certainly better than Albert and I going head-to-head in the final round.
:{{DIcon}} My turn.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Mhm-mmm, well here you go. What'll it be, Mr. Bai?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 18.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Hmm... It's a tough decision this time.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha, that's what makes it fun, isn't it? Anyway, there's no need to stress. What's the cost of a few cups of tea compared to 50 thousand I'll be paying you every day?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 19.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' You make a good point. Alright, I'll take heads.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Okay, and now it's my turn to guess... Not that the outcome matters either way to me. I won't even notice the Mora's gone... Whatever, I'll take tails.
:{{DIcon}} Tails.
:{{DIcon}} Heads.
::'''Kaeya:''' ...
::{{DIcon}} (You remember that Kaeya touching his forehead means tails) Tails.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 20.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Ugh, why did it have to be heads? This whole thing started because you two got into a spat, and now I'm the one who has to foot the bill...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 21.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Hmm... What say you to another round?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 15.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Sure, why not? I'm having fun. I can go for as many rounds as you want.
:{{DIcon}} I'm out.
:{{DIcon}} You guys have fun.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 16.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hah, what a miserly person. Do as you please, the two of us can play.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 22.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' But Albert, all the fun of gambling is in the stakes involved. What say you to throwing a little loose change into the pot?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 17.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ah, come on now, no need to walk on eggshells here. Let's keep it simple, shall we? If you guess right, I pick up the tab. But if you guess wrong, I'm afraid it's still on you.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 23.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Sure, that's exactly what I was thinking.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 18.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well, here's the coin. You can toss first. I'll take heads.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 24.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Hmm... I'll choose...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 19.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Wouldn't it defeat the whole purpose of betting if you guessed the same as me? This is a two-person game now, surely one of us has to guess heads and the other tails?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 25.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Alright, alright. It all comes down to luck after all. I'll take tails.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 26.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Ooh, looks like [[Rex Lapis]] has smiled upon me today after all. Thank you for the tea, Albert.
:{{DIcon}} You're on a lucky streak today.
:{{DIcon}} Bet you wished you'd raised the stakes now, huh?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 20.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Heh, look at you, getting so giddy over some chump change. It's like you've never gambled with real money before, my old man... That's a real rush, I'm telling you. This is nothing by comparison... In fact, I'm starting to get a little bored...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 27.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Well, um... In that case, would you care for another game?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 21.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Sure, and let's up the stakes a little this time. Shall we say 50 thousand?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 28.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Oh... Maybe that's a little on the high side...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 22.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' What, 50 thousand? But that's just a single day's guide pay for you.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 29.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' ...Alright! I'll bet tails.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 23.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Great, then I'll bet heads. No takebacks.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 together 01.ogg}} '''Both:''' Heads (Tails)!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 31.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Ohh... how unfortunate. I shouldn't have gotten greedy. After all, in the long run, gambling is always a losing game. 50 thousand Mora, my goodness...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 32.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Albert, I'm terribly sorry but as it happens, I forgot to bring my coin purse with me today... Could you perhaps take this 50 thousand out of my guide fees? Call it an advance payment... That would make us even.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 24.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Advance payment? Sorry, I'm afraid that's not my style. It'll have to be cash.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 33.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Ah, this day's just getting better and better... Well, so be it. 50 thousand... let me see what cash I have on me...
:{{Black Screen|Mr. Bai takes out fifty thousand in Mora bills from his bag.}}
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 25.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Just fifty thousand? That's not what we agreed on.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 34.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Huh!? What are you talking about? I think you'll find that our bet was for 50 thousand!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 26.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' No, it wasn't. The amount was one million.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 35.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' One million? Are you insane? Come on now, Albert, be serious. A million here and a million there might be all fun and games to you rich types, but to ordinary folk like myself, this is no laughing matter!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 27.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I'm being perfectly serious. I know what I said, and what I said was one million Mora.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 36a.ogg}} {{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 36b.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' You're lying through your teeth! Hey, {{MC|m=young man|f=young lady}}, you tell him. Did you hear him say "one million" at any point during our bet?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, he said one million.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 37.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Huh!? What the... I'm not deaf, you know! I swear I heard 50 thousand... Wait...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 38.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Oh, I see... You two are in this together!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 39.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' I'd never met either of you before today, and out of nowhere you suddenly rope me into betting over a coin toss, and now you're accusing me of owing you one million Mora...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 40.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Hah, do you have any idea who you're trying to cheat? I know all the tricks in the book... I can't believe a couple of beginners like you managed to get this far...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 41.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Gah, well don't you try to celebrate just yet! You amateurs have a lot to learn about the art of the con!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 42.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Do you really think that nobody else will have heard all the commotion we just made? All I need is one witness, and this little scheme of yours falls apart.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 43.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Frauds, frauds I say! These two kids are trying to scam me out of my hard-earned Mora! Hostess! Oh, Hostess! Come quickly!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 kaeya 28.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Tsk, how pathetic...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 chuyi 01.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' What is going on here? If you can't abide by our rules, you're not welcome at Yanshang Teahouse. I don't care what the issue is, you don't get to make a racket like that in here. Halberd, Fang...!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 baiqiming 44.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Wait, wait, don't throw me out! These two con-artists are trying to steal my Mora. You can't let them get away with it!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908020 chuyi 02.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' Well, let's take this somewhere else. I don't want any of you disturbing the other guests.

;(Approach the group)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 chuyi 01.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' Okay, you two. Care you explain yourselves?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Gladly... He's making up completely spurious claims. We were betting Mora over a few coin tosses, and now he wants to back out &mdash; in the land of contracts, of all places.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' He won 250 thousand from me, then another 800 thousand from the both of us. Now he's refusing to pay up the measly 50 thousand that he lost in the final round...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 chuyi 02.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' Okay, so after settling up, a total of one million Mora should have changed hands... Sounds plausible enough.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 baiqiming 01.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' It's a complete pack of lies! Hostess, if you don't believe me, ask anyone else in the tea house. These kids were so loud, I guarantee you everybody in that room knows the true story!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 chuyi 03.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' Sorry to interrupt you all, but you're witnesses to the situation here. Is what Mr. Bai says true?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 auntzhang 01.ogg}} '''Aunt Zhang:''' Ah, thank goodness you're finally here, what took you so long? That old guy's been bragging about the Mora he's won so loudly I'm surprised the whole street didn't hear him. I was about to report him to the Ministry of Civil Affairs...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 guangzhi 01.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' Leave me out of this, I want nothing to do with gamblers and scammers. Please just bring me my check.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 chuyi 04.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' [[Yelan|Our new owner]] laid down the law not too long ago. We turn a blind eye towards casual games of dice, but there's zero tolerance for any explicit gambling with real Mora.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 chuyi 05.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' Return any winnings to the party you took them from, and we'll say that none of this ever happened. Otherwise, I'll have to bring in the [[Millelith]] &mdash; and I can assure you that they take a more hard-line on this kind of thing than we do.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 baiqiming 02.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' ...Why should I have to give them any Mora? I don't have any Mora on me!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, but I think you do. Two investments, was it? One of them to the tune of exactly one million, as it happens. Oh, and don't forget you still need to pay the tab.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 baiqiming 03.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' You... Wait, how did you...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 chuyi 06.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' Halberd, Fang! There's a gentleman here that I'd really like you to meet...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 baiqiming 04.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Please, please don't! I'll pay, alright?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' This was never your Mora to begin with. We'll be returning it to its rightful owner now.

===Sea-Fishing===
;(Talk to Chuyi again, optional)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908019 chuyi 07.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' We can't have this discussion in front of the other customers. Please step outside.

;(Talk to Captain Wu)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' What did you think, Captain Wu? Could you hear clearly from your corner on the second floor?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 captainwu 01.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Yes, everything! I... I can't thank you two enough...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 baiqiming 01.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Wu, this was your doing, wasn't it? You and the Mondstadter planned this whole thing!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 baiqiming 02.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Along with that {{MC|m=blond|f=blonde}} one... And all the customers on that floor were in on it too, weren't they?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 baiqiming 03.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' ...I know where you live. And I know what your wife looks like, and your pretty little daughter too. You crossed the wrong man today!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 captainwu 02.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Wh&mdash;Who'd be scared of a crook like you? I'll take you on, any day of the week!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 baiqiming 04.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Hmph, well let's see how long that false bravado of yours will last.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Look at that, he figured it out. Guess he's not as dumb as we thought.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 baiqiming 05.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Don't you two get cocky, either. Just you wait, I will hunt you down!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 chuyi 01.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' My apologies for having to leave this question until you'd vacated the premises, but I couldn't have things escalate inside the teahouse. I hope you can understand our position.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 chuyi 02.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' I noticed that all the guests on the second floor were present before you took your seats, then left almost immediately after you did.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 chuyi 03.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' Would I be correct in saying you were looking to set this man up?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 baiqiming 06.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Wait, so you saw through it right away!?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 chuyi 04.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' Under normal circumstances, we would never tolerate a scheme like this taking place on our grounds, as it risks damaging our owner's reputation.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 chuyi 05.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' However, I understand that our owner holds {{Traveler}} in high regard, and must have good reasons for their actions. Still, I would appreciate an explanation, if only so that I can answer to the owner.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ah, as I thought... When you're operating on someone else's turf, you run the risk of clashing with the master of the house... Thankfully, we considered that possibility before going ahead with our plan.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Over to you, brave hero {{Traveler}}. You're the one with connections in Liyue &mdash; it's your time to shine.
:{{Black Screen|You recount what happened to Captain Wu.}}
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 chuyi 06.ogg}} '''Chuyi:''' Okay, I understand the situation now. It goes without saying that I have no wish to stand in the way of your chivalrous deeds. I'll report everything you told me to our owner.
:{{DIcon}} Feel free to find me again if you need any further explanation.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well, Captain Wu, remember what I promised you? What do you think &mdash; angry and frustrated enough for you?
:{{DIcon}} I think you delivered.
:{{DIcon}} Shame he didn't cry like a big baby, though.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 jiayi 01.ogg}} '''Jiayi:''' Excuse me, coming through. Is this the Mr. Bai you reported to us?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 guangzhi 01.ogg}} '''Guangzhi:''' Yes, that's him alright! The one who scammed Captain Wu.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 baiqiming 07.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' ...W&mdash;Wait, wait! Where's your evidence, hmm? And Wu, you've already recovered your Mora. I don't deserve to be punished twice for the same crime!
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 jiayi 02.ogg}} '''Jiayi:''' You can't talk your way out of this one. You're already suspected of defrauding multiple victims out of smaller amounts, and the combined total meets the threshold for a conviction. If it turns out you're guilty in this case too, it'll only add to your sentence.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 jiayi 03.ogg}} '''Jiayi:''' Does the plaintiff have any witnesses? If so, we'd really appreciate if they could come with us and provide a testimony.
:{{DIcon}} Here, Sir. I'm happy to give a testimony.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 jiayi 04.ogg}} '''Jiayi:''' {{Traveler}}, You got tangled up in this too, huh?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 jiayi 05.ogg}} '''Jiayi:''' In that case, please come with me. Your witness statements will play a crucial role in helping to move this case forward.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 jiayi 06.ogg}} '''Jiayi:''' Don't worry, we won't take up too much of your time.&nbsp;...And you, Sir, can stop twiddling your thumbs &mdash; you're coming with us too.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 baiqiming 08.ogg}} '''Mr. Bai:''' Hey, keep your hands off me, I'll cooperate. I'll cooperate! Stop manhandling me, wahhh...!
:{{Black Screen|The Millelith takes the conman away. You give a testimony, then return to the teahouse entrance.}}
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 captainwu 03a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 captainwu 03b.ogg}}--> '''Captain Wu:''' Thank you so, so much, the both of you. I really don't know how I could ever begin to repay you...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well, I have an idea. We originally came here to do some sightseeing... Anywhere you'd recommend we go before the end of our trip?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 captainwu 04.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Let me think, now where would I want to go... Hey, are either of you interested in a fishing trip?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908008 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Sounds fun to me. Let's go.

;(At the docks)
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well, this was certainly an eventful end to my trip. It wouldn't have been possible without you... or my lucky coin, of course.
:{{DIcon}} I'm just glad that nothing went wrong when I tossed the coin.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha, wouldn't be much of a lucky coin if it had. Besides, I already taught you how to become attuned to it.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' You still need some practice to master the technique, but luckily it decided to play nice, and spare us any more complications.
:{{DIcon}} How do you control it, anyway?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Mm, a better question to ask might be, what do I do to make this coin happy to work with me, and show me whichever side I wish?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' My answer would be that I tell the coin a joke every time I toss it into the air. If it finds my joke funny, then it cooperates with me.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Of course, this whole arrangement hinges on a preexisting amount of trust between the two of us. I can't just get any strange coins to listen to me.
:{{DIcon}} He caught us off guard when he insisted on taking the second coin toss.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Yeah, I was a little surprised when he unwittingly called out our trick coin... But it didn't matter.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' A good gambler always keeps their options open. You have to have a contingency plan for when the odds are against you.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' So when I went to the counter, I marked a regular coin as well as my trick one.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' That safely avoided any risk of him finding out about the trick coin. But it also meant that we wouldn't be able to control the result of that round.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' But hey, what does it matter? The fact that he made things a little more challenging only made it all the more exciting to watch him slowly but surely fall into our trap.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Especially listening to him warn us about the possibility of a rigged coin, right as we were scamming him. That was my favorite part.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' As long as I chose the same bet as him, and you bet the opposite to me, it was always going to end up with him paying. Unless, of course, he'd had some other tricks up his sleeve that we hadn't thought of...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...Hehe, then things would have gotten really interesting.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 captainwu 01.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' You two are genuinely the smartest people I've ever met. I'm no intellectual, so I would never have been able to come up with a plan like this. Even when you described it to me, I only understood parts of it.
:{{DIcon}} Never change your good nature.
:{{DIcon}} All con artists get conned themselves sooner or later.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 captainwu 02.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' Well, I may not be the smartest guy around, but one thing I do know is this: One should always return tenfold the help that they've received from others.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 captainwu 03.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' We were just ordinary acquaintances. You had no reason to help me as much as you did...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 captainwu 04.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' If there's anything I can ever do for you in the future, anything at all, please let me know. You can always count on me. I guarantee it.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 15.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh? You seem agitated. Are you worried about owing me yet another favor?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 16.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hehe, there are two kinds of people who owe me favors. One is my friends, and the other, my informants.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 17.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' My informants have to fulfill whatever requests I make of them, no questions asked. The question is, which kind of person do you want to be?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 captainwu 05.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' I...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 18.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ah, and you're torn again. Too afraid to ask to be my friend, but also daunted by the dangers inherent in becoming my informant.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 19.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well, it's okay, because I just thought of a fun and easy way to get us out of this impasse. Let's do a coin toss.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 20.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' This is the regular coin I prepared for the contingency plan when I was borrowing a pen from the bar. Not the lucky one that does what I tell it to.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 21.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' If it's heads, we're friends. But if it's tails, you're at my beck and call... May the Lord of Geo decide.
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 captainwu 06.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' So... was it heads or tails?
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 kaeya 22.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' What do you think? What does your heart tell you?
:{{DIcon}} Kaeya just put the coin back in his pocket...
:{{A|vo kycop001 1908009 captainwu 07.ogg}} '''Captain Wu:''' ...I understand now, you have my most sincere gratitude. Uh... ahem, no that's a little too formal. What I'm trying to say is... Here. Your fishing rods... my friends.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: An Informant, or a Friend?===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = An Informant, or a Friend?
|character       = Kaeya
|act             = 1
|description     = "Do you want to be my informant, or my friend?"
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Feathers Adrift in a Spring Breeze
|zhs     = 行处春风飞鸟羽
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 行處春風飛鳥羽
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 春風に漂う羽
|ja_rm   = Harukaze ni Tabayou Hane
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 봄바람에 흩날리는 깃털
|ko_tl   = Feathers Fluttering in a Spring Breeze
|es      = Plumas que vuelan con la brisa primaveral
|es_tl   = Feathers that Fly with the Spring Breeze
|fr      = Plumes dans la brise printanière
|fr_tl   = Feathers in the Spring Breeze
|ru      = Перья на весеннем ветру
|ru_tl   = Feathers in a Spring Breeze
|th      = ขนนกในสายลมฤดูใบไม้ผลิ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Gió Xuân Thổi Lông Vũ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Flatternde Frühlingsbrise
|de_tl   = Fluttering Spring Breeze
|id      = Bulu yang Diterbangkan Angin
|id_tl   = Feathers Blown Away by the Wind
|pt      = Plumas à Deriva numa Brisa Primaveril
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bahar Rüzgarıyla Uçuşan Tüyler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Piume sospinte dalla brezza primaverile
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}