{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Feather of Homecoming.png
|set   = Resolution of Sojourner
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|A blue arrow fletching imbued with the sentiment of travelers that had once faded into the horizon.}}
'''Feather of Homecoming''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Resolution of Sojourner]].

==Description==
Hope was ripped to shreds by ruthless might, and promises of reunion disappeared like fleeting shadows.<br>The wandering traveler had once against lost a place to call home.

The [[Lawrence Clan|condescending evil]] stole his love's joy,<br>And the endless conflict ground down his irreverent soul.<br>Those gentle, playful rhythms of revelry,<br>Now turned to sharp, icy clangs.

For [[Wanderer's Troupe (Faction)|his comrades]], for his best friend, for the tables around which none would again share wine.<br>For freedom, for life, and for revenge against the evil that had taken her smile.<br>Thus resolved, the traveler plucked his last string, and fired his final arrow.

As he grew accustomed to life in this [[Mondstadt|foreign land]], he gazed up at the azure sky.<br>Ah, so the sky here was the same as the one back in his [[Fontaine|homeland]]...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Feather of Homecoming
|zhs     = 归乡之羽
|zhs_rm  = Guī Xiāng zhī Yǔ
|zht     = 歸鄉之羽
|zht_rm  = Guī Xiāng zhī Yǔ
|zh_tl   = Feather of Homecoming
|ja      = 帰郷の羽
|ja_rm   = Kikyou no Hane
|ja_tl   = Feather of Homecoming
|ko      = 귀향의 깃털
|ko_rm   = Gwihyang-ui Git'teol
|ko_tl   = Feather of Homecoming
|es      = Pluma del Retorno
|es_tl   = Feather of Return
|fr      = Plume du Voyageur
|fr_tl   = Feather of the Traveler
|ru      = Перо возвращения домой
|ru_tl   = Feather of Homecoming
|th      = Feather of Homecoming
|vi      = Lông Vũ Hồi Hương
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Feder der Heimkehr
|de_tl   = Feather of Homecoming
|id      = Feather of Homecoming
|pt      = Pluma do Regresso
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Eve Dönüş Tüyü
|tr_tl   = Homecoming Feather
|it      = Piuma del ritorno
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Resolution of Sojourner}}

[[fr:Plume du Voyageur]]
[[ja:帰郷の羽]]
[[tr:Eve Dönüş Tüyü]]
[[uk:Перо повернення додому]]
[[vi:Lông Vũ Hồi Hương]]
[[zh:歸鄉之羽]]