{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest Fecund Hamper.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Of Ballads and Brews
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Annette; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|2}}{{Card|Wanderer's Advice|4}}
* Unlocks the [[Of Ballads and Brews/Fecund Blessings|Fecund Blessings]] part of event
}}
'''''Fecund Hamper''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Ballads and Brews]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Sister [[Annette]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A new notice board has been placed near the Weinlesefest market. What is it for...?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Annette)
:'''Annette:''' Hello and welcome to Weinlesefest. May Lord Barbatos bless you.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, (Traveler), look! There's a noticeboard here, and there's a whole bunch of paper pinned to it. Is it a commission board or something?
:'''Annette:''' Hehe, no, they're not commissions. These are clues to find Fecund Hampers.
:'''Paimon:''' What's a Fecund Hamper? Ooh! Is it a sort of treasure?
:'''Annette:''' That's one way to look at it. It seems it's your first time participating in the festival. Would you like me to give you a brief explanation?
:{{DIcon}} Well, since Paimon's so interested...
:{{DIcon}} Go ahead, please.
:'''Annette:''' Alright. Simply put, a Fecund Hamper is a gift prepared by residents for lucky outsiders during the festival.
:'''Annette:''' We aren't just welcoming the return of Lord Barbatos, but we also mean to share the joy of harvest and reminisce about good times.
:'''Annette:''' Everyone will put a gift in a wooden box shaped like a barrel and hide it in a place that holds memories for them.
:'''Annette:''' Next, the owner of the gift will leave clues. The first person, no matter who, to find the box will get that gift.
:'''Annette:''' Other than gifts, everyone will also leave a message in the box to the person who finds it. This is a sincere blessing, often more valuable than the gift itself.
:'''Paimon:''' This sounds pretty fun!
:'''Annette:''' So, would the two of you like to try looking for a Fecund Hamper? You should be able to work the clues out easily if you have some knowledge of Mondstadt customs.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's try, (Traveler)! We might even find a gift from someone we know!
:'''Annette:''' Good luck and have fun!

<!-- Not sure if this is quest or NPC dialogue. Feel free to move. -->
;(Talk to Annette again)
:'''Annette:''' The clues for Fecund Hampers are on this noticeboard. You should be able to work the clues out quite easily if you have some knowledge of Mondstadt customs.
:'''Annette:''' The Church of Favonius is in charge of helping the residents place the gifts and post the clues on the board every year.
:'''Annette:''' There are many people preparing gifts this year, and the clues on the board will be updated regularly, so come and have a look when you have time.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fecund Hamper
|zhs     = 丰饶之箱
|zhs_rm  = Fēngráo zhī Xiāng
|zht     = 豐饒之箱
|zht_rm  = Fēngráo zhī Xiāng
|zh_tl   = Box of Fruitfulness
|ja      = 豊穣の箱
|ja_rm   = Houjou no Hako
|ja_tl   = Box of Fruitfulness
|ko      = 풍요의 상자
|ko_rm   = Pungyo-ui Sangja
|ko_tl   = Box of Richness
|es      = Cajas rebosantes
|es_tl   = Overflowing Boxes
|fr      = Paniers d'abondance
|fr_tl   = Baskets of Abundance
|ru      = Бочонок изобилия
|ru_tl   = Small Barrel of Fruitfulness
|th      = กล่องอันอุดมสมบูรณ์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Rương Bội Thu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Truhe des reichen Segens
|de_tl   = Chest of Rich Blessing
|id      = Gentong Berlimpah
|id_tl   = Abundant Barrels
|pt      = Cestos Abundantes
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
[[pt-br:Cestos Abundantes]]