{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Factions
|region       = Liyue
}}
The {{Lang|'''Feiyun Commerce Guild'''|zh=飞云商会|zh_rm=Fēiyún Shānghuì}} is a powerful trading guild based in [[Liyue]]. They apparently originate from [[Yilong Wharf]] in [[Chenyu Vale]] and have kept their old family home there as part of their property.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Liyue Celebrates and Eight Adepts Face a Hidden Calamity}}</ref>

It is involved in various endeavors, such as trading silk,<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Xu}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/NPC|Ogura Mio}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/NPC|Ogura Yuu}}</ref> printing books,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|This Novel Is Amazing!}}</ref> and selling tea.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Qiaoying of the Sacred Mountain}}</ref> They also commission the [[Sword and Strongbox Secure Transport Agency (Faction)|Sword and Strongbox Secure Transport Agency]] for moving and protecting goods in transit.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Gaming|About Xingqiu}}</ref>

They have a warehouse located in the [[Lisha]] region, to the left of [[Mt. Tianheng]] on the world map. They also have a shop in [[Sumeru]] selling jewelry and silk, as well as the materials used to create them.

==Members==
* Xingqiu's Great-grandfather (unnamed) &mdash; Guild founder (stylized 'His Lordship', retired)
* Xingqiu's Grandfather (unnamed) &mdash; Patriarch
* Xingqiu's Father (unnamed) &mdash; Guild Manager
* Xingqiu's Brother (unnamed) &mdash; First Son
* [[Xingqiu]] &mdash; Second Son
* [[Xu]] &mdash; Servant
* [[Sheng]] &mdash; Servant
* [[Hongxing]] &mdash; Servant
* [[Qiuwei]] &mdash; Retailer
* [[Lixin]] &mdash; Messenger
* [[Zhenchen]]
* [[An Su]] &mdash; Butler

==Trivia==
* {{Furnishing Mentions|name=The Feiyun Commerce Guild}}

===Etymology===
* The {{Lang|"Feiyun"|zh=飞云|zh_rm=Fēiyún|zh_tl=Flying Clouds}} in Feiyun Commerce Guild actually uses different characters than the {{Lang|"Feiyun"|zh=绯云|zh_rm=Fēiyún|zh_tl=Scarlet Clouds}} in [[Liyue Harbor#Feiyun Slope|Feiyun Slope]]. However, they are pronounced identically in Chinese. This may be intentional and one may be named after another.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Feiyun Commerce Guild
|zhs     = 飞云商会
|zhs_rm  = Fēiyún Shānghuì
|zht     = 飛雲商會
|zht_rm  = Fēiyún Shānghuì
|zh_tl   = Flying Cloud Commerce Guild
|ja      = 飛雲商会
|ja_rm   = Hi'un Shoukai
|ja_tl   = Flying Cloud Commerce Guild{{Sino|ja}}
|ko      = {{tt|비운|飛雲}} {{tt|상회|商會}}
|ko_rm   = Bi'un Sanghoe
|ko_tl   = Flying Cloud Company{{Sino|ko}}
|es      = Gremio de Comerciantes de Feiyun
|es_tl   = Feiyun Merchant Guild
|fr      = Guilde des marchands de Feiyun
|fr_tl   = Feiyun Merchants Guild
|ru      = Торговая гильдия «Фэйюнь»
|ru_tl   = Commerce Guild "Feiyun"
|th      = สมาคมการค้า Feiyun
|th_rm   = Samakhom kan kha
|th_tl   = Feiyun Commerce Guild
|vi      = {{tt|Thương Hội|商會}} {{tt|Phi Vân|飛雲}}
|vi_tl   = Flying Cloud Commerce Guild{{Sino|vi|part=1}}
|de      = Händlergilde Feiyun
|de_tl   = Merchants Guild Feiyun
|id      = Feiyun Commerce Guild
|pt      = Guilda de Comerciantes de Feiyun
|tr      = Feiyun Ticaret Loncası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Gilda dei commercianti di Feiyun
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[Category:Feiyun Commerce Guild| ]]

[[es:Gremio de Comerciantes de Feiyun]]
[[ja:飛雲商会]]
[[pl:Gildia Handlowa Feiyun]]
[[uk:Торгова палата Фейюнь]]