{{Artifact Infobox
|image = item Fell Dragon's Monocle.png
|set   = Nymph's Dream
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|An exquisitely-made monocle. Ancient anecdotes say that one might be able to see the future through it.}}
'''Fell Dragon's Monocle''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Nymph's Dream]].

==Description==
The heroes of different stories will naturally find different (expedient) holy swords, and they must also face different nemeses.<br>
But it is oft-said that heroes who live too long, live to become the evil dragon. And when many stories cross paths, perhaps one side's hero is another side's dragon.<br>
The tale that finally emerges will trend toward narratives that are easier to grasp &mdash; which is why heroes are heroes, and not evil dragons.<br>
That is why, for all their strength and schemes, the evil dragons will ultimately be defeated by the heroes wielding their holy swords.

And before the [[Rene|dragon]] falls into the [[Primordial Sea|chasm]] that dissolves all things, he will think of the times he once spent with the [[Alain Guillotin|hero]]. And at last, he will say:<br>
"Yes, hatred shall not fill me. I know that you have not seen [[??? (Fontaine)|the sights]] I have, and that is why you wish to stop me."<br>
"The [[All-Devouring Narwhal|star-beasts]] shall drink the [[Primordial Sea|amniotic fluid]] of the world dry. A hundred years from then, all life on its surface shall be wiped away."<br>
"I will surely return to save all souls. Ten years, even a hundred years may pass, but I shall be reborn as [[Narzissenkreuz|a new universe]]."

But the hero, victorious over the dragon, will also lose the thing [[Mary-Ann|most precious to him]] during the hunt.<br>
He will never again believe in anything that the sum of human knowledge cannot completely grasp and understand,<br>
And to the end of his days, he shall conceive of a [[Fontaine Research Institute|kingdom]] powered by [[Clockwork Meka|machines]] and [[Arkhe|energies]] not derived from the [[element]]s.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Fell Dragon's Monocle
|zhs      = 恶龙的单片镜
|zhs_rm   = È'lóng de Dānpiànjìng
|zht      = 惡龍的單片鏡
|zht_rm   = È'lóng de Dānpiànjìng
|zh_tl    = Evil Dragon's Monocle
|ja       = 悪龍の片眼鏡
|ja_rm    = Akuryuu no Katamegane
|ja_tl    = Wicked Dragon's Monocle
|ko       = 악룡의 단안경
|ko_rm    = Angnyong-ui Danan'gyeong
|ko_tl    = Wicked Dragon's Monocle
|es       = Monóculo del Dragón Protervo
|es_tl    = Wicked Dragon's Monocle
|fr       = Monocle de dragon démoniaque
|fr_tl    = Demonic Dragon's Monocle
|ru       = Монокль свирепого дракона
|ru_tl    = Ferocious Dragon's Monocle
|th       = Fell Dragon's Monocle
|vi       = Kính Mắt Của Ác Long
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Monokel des bösen Drachen
|de_tl    = Monocle of the Evil Dragon
|id       = Fell Dragon's Monocle
|pt       = Monóculo do Dragão Maligno
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Uğursuz Ejderin Gözlüğü
|tr_tl    = Sinister Dragon's Glasses
|it       = Monocolo del drago caduto
|it_tl    = Fell Dragon's Monocle
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Nymph's Dream}}

[[fr:Monocle de dragon démoniaque]]
[[ja:悪龍の片眼鏡]]
[[tr:Uğursuz Ejderin Gözlüğü]]
[[uk:Монокль грішного дракона]]
[[vi:Kính Mắt Của Ác Long]]
[[zh:惡龍的單片鏡]]