{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{About|the quest-exclusive NPC|the quest-exclusive enemy|Ferigees, Guardian of the Eternal Oasis}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Ferigees.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Slain during the events of Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part III
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = <!-- Where the character appears, if different from Region -->
|affiliation      = 
|title            = Guardian of the Eternal Oasis<!-- seen during the fight -->

|ancestry         = Jinn
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|siblingNote      = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Ferigees''' is a quest-exclusive NPC who appears in the {{Quest|Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part III}}.

Originally a [[Jinni]] who served [[Nabu Malikata]], she switched allegiances to [[King Deshret]] after her mistress' death and chose to house her soul inside a machine to safeguard the [[Orchard of Pairidaeza]], where Nabu Malikata is said to have been laid to rest.

==Profile==
Ferigees was one of the Jinn who served Nabu Malikata, the Goddess of Flowers. After her death, King Deshret promised to build a mausoleum for her, and the Jinn chose to serve him. Ferigees originally dwelled in [[Ay-Khanoum]],<ref name="NT3">Interactable: [[Nameless Tablet#Nameless Tablet (III)|Nameless Tablet (III)]]</ref> but realized that [[Liloupar]]'s machinations spelled doom for [[Gurabad]], where Nabu Malikata was laid to rest in the Orchard of Pairidaeza, or Eternal Oasis. To protect both the mortals and her mistress' slumber, Ferigees chose to sacrifice her Jinn body and indwell a machine.<ref name="NT3" /><ref name="NT7">Interactable: [[Nameless Tablet#Nameless Tablet (VII)|Nameless Tablet (VII)]]</ref><ref name="Defender Enchanting Dream">{{Ref/Arti|Defender of the Enchanting Dream}}</ref>

While searching for the Orchard of Pairidaeza, the [[Traveler]], [[Paimon]], and Liloupar &mdash; who was sealed inside a bottle and fragmented as punishment by King Deshret for masterminding the downfall of [[Gurabad]] thousands of years earlier &mdash; confront Ferigees. Ferigees considers Liloupar a traitor while Liloupar deems Ferigees' current state to be pitiable, culminating in a battle between the Traveler and the automatons summoned by Ferigees. The fight ends with the destruction of Ferigees' mechanical husk, spelling her doom. She spends her final moments rebuking Liloupar, warning her that the "Eternal Oasis" is empty when Liloupar reveals she believed Nabu Malikata was slumbering there.<ref name="DEF3">{{Ref/Quest|Dune-Entombed Fecundity: Part III}}</ref>

===Personality===
Ferigees holds a similar haughty manner of speech as her sister Liloupar, leading the Traveler and Paimon to remark that it appears to "run in the family." Despite describing mortals as "sightless" and "vacuous," Ferigees willingly guided the desert nations in the past and sacrificed her body to protect them,<ref name="NT3" /><ref name="Defender Enchanting Dream" /> even attempting to warn [[Parvezravan]] about Liloupar's schemes.<ref name="NT7" /> She bears deep disdain towards Liloupar for masterminding the fall of Gurabad, only ever calling Liloupar a "traitor" even when the latter refers to her as "sister."<ref name="DEF3" />

===Appearance===
Because Ferigees shed her Jinni body thousands of years ago, her original appearance is unknown. In the present, she appears as two orbs floating inside the machine housing her spirit.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
*In the original Chinese text, when Liloupar refers to Ferigees as "sister," she uses {{Zh|姐妹|rm=jiěmèi}}, a term which is typically used for a person whom the speaker is not familially related to. That said, Paimon and the Traveler sardonically remark on their similar manners of speech being an indication of a familial relation, and there is insufficient information about Jinn to say whether the two are "family" from a human perspective.

===Etymology===
*In the Iranian epic ''{{w|Shahnameh}}'', Ferigees is the wife of {{w|Siyâvash}} and mother of {{w|Kay Khosrow}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Ferigees
|zhs     = 菲莉吉丝
|zhs_rm  = Fēilìjísī
|zht     = 菲莉吉絲
|zht_rm  = Fēilìjísī
|ja      = フェリギス
|ja_rm   = Ferigisu
|ko      = 페리지스
|es      = Ferigees
|fr      = Ferigees
|ru      = Фериджиз
|th      = Ferigees
|vi      = Ferigees
|de      = Ferigees
|id      = Ferigees
|pt      = Ferigees
|tr      = Ferigees
|it      = Ferigees
}}
==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}