{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest Festival Afterword.png
|type          = World
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Akira; Genta; Mamoru; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Amakane Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Amakane Island
|prev          = The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival (Quest)
|event_name    = The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Festival Afterword''''' is a [[Event Quest]] during the [[The Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival]] Event. The quest automatically starts after completing all performances on any difficulty.

==Gameplay Notes==
* Mamoru and Akira disappears from the area after completing this quest.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After the performance, you find Mamoru, who appears quite flustered indeed. Has he encountered some trouble?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Bad news!
:{{DIcon}} What happened?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 02.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' [[Arataki Itto|Boss]] got arrested again!
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 03.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Just now, someone from the [[Tenryou Commission]] came to post a notice on the bulletin board saying our festival has to be suspended.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 04.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' I don't know what happened. I think maybe the boss sent some flyers to [[Tenshukaku]].
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 05.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' He did say that the Shogun would definitely not wanna miss the Almighty Arataki Great and Glorious Drumalong Festival, after all!
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Hmm... Well, I think Boss is right. The Almighty Shogun would definitely wanna come to the festival.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 genta 01.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Yeah... don't you agree?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 06.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Come on, who cares what we think?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 07.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Anyway, the boss was arrested on the spot by the [[Okuzumeshuu]]. They took him to the Tenryou Commission.
:{{DIcon}} What are you going to do?
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 08.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' [[Shinobu]]'s probably on the case by now.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 09.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' I heard the Okuzumeshuu charged the boss with causing a disturbance in a restricted military zone.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 10.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Then Madam Kujou Sara changed it to obstructing the public order.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 genta 02.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Ahhhhh, that despicable Kujou Tengu! How can she get away with charging Boss with a felony over something like this!
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 11.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' You idiot! That's a misdemeanor, she downgraded the offense. Usually, you just get a warning for that...
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 12.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Anyway, I guess we'll just have to wait until the boss gets out before seeing what to do about the festival.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 13.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Don't worry, Traveler. With Shinobu on the case, everything's gonna turn out just fine.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 14.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' You've been so supportive of our festival. When the boss gets out, I'm sure he'll want to thank you in person!
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 mamoru 15.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' I hope your journey, like our festival, will go from strength to strength.
:{{A|vo tips mug003 9 together 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Gang Members:''' From strength to strength!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Festival Afterword
|zhs     = 祭典后话
|zhs_rm  = Jìdiǎn Hòuhuà
|zht     = 祭典後話
|zht_rm  = Jìdiǎn Hòuhuà
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 祭典の後日談
|ja_rm   = Saiten no Gojitsudan
|ja_tl   = Festival Sequel
|ko      = 축제 뒷이야기
|ko_rm   = Chukje Dwit'iyagi
|ko_tl   = Festival Afterword
|es      = Conversaciones tras el festival
|es_tl   = Conversations After the Festival
|fr      = Épilogue du festival
|fr_tl   = Epilogue of the Festival
|ru      = После праздника
|ru_tl   = After the Festival
|th      = คุยกันหลังงานเทศกาล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Phía Sau Buổi {{tt|Lễ|禮}}
|vi_tl   = Behind the Festival
|de      = Nachwort des Fests
|de_tl   = Afterword of the Festival
|id      = Epilog Festival
|id_tl   = Festival Epilogue
|pt      = Após o Festival
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

[[ja:祭典の後日談]]
[[pt-br:Após o Festival]]
[[ru:После праздника]]