{{DISPLAYTITLE:Festering Desire}}
{{About|the Event Quest|the [[Weapons|Weapon]]|Festering Desire}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41210
|title         = Festering Desire
|type          = Story
|event_name    = The Chalk Prince and the Dragon
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|description   = After your journey up [[Dragonspine]], you and [[Paimon]] prepare to head back to the adventurer camp in the foothills to have a look. There, you meet [[Sucrose]], who asks for your help in investigating [[Albedo]]'s "secret."<br /><br />
Accepting her request, you go off and find Albedo and strike up a conversation with him. Discovering his secret proves an effortless task &mdash; it is an unusual sword. To unlock its secrets, Albedo asks you to use it in battle on the Snowy Mountain.
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20 and complete [[Princeps Cretaceus Chapter]] Act I: [[Traveler Observation Report]]
|startLocation = [[Windwail Highland]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = Archon's Rival
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
|characters    = Albedo; Paimon; Sucrose; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Festering Desire''' is the first quest of [[The Chalk Prince and the Dragon]] event. Finishing this quest unlocks Act I objectives in the event's menu.

==Summary==
After your journey up Dragonspine, you and Paimon prepare to head back to the adventurer camp in the foothills to have a look. There, you meet Sucrose, who asks for your help in investigating Albedo's "secret."

Accepting her request, you go off and find Albedo and strike up a conversation with him. Discovering his secret proves an effortless task &mdash; it is an unusual sword. To unlock its secrets, Albedo asks you to use it in battle on the Snowy Mountain.

==Steps==
#Head to the [[Dragonspine Adventurer Camp|adventurer camp]]
#Find [[Albedo]] and learn his secret
#Speak to Albedo
#Take up the [[Festering Desire|mysterious sword]] and do battle
#Defeat the [[Treasure Hoarders]]
#Speak to Albedo

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After completing [[Traveler Observation Report]])
:{{A|vo eqxs001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Look at that, (Traveler)! Looks like someone made camp here. Are other people adventuring nearby?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see how our fellow explorers are doing?

;(After arriving at the adventure camp)
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, it's [[Sucrose]]!
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you here to explore the Snowy Mountain too?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Aah! Y&mdash;You scared me... Please, don't scare me like that! I was giving my research report some much-needed consideration.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But you were standing over there, staring in to space...
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' N&mdash;Not at all! I was just thinking of a name for a new subspecies of Sweet Flower I propagated. It has seeds that are four times as large as normal.
:{{DIcon}} Four times? Sounds tasty.
:{{DIcon}} Can you eat that, I wonder?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Oh, are you interested? Wonderful! Next time, please allow me to show you the fruits of my work!
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' It's a shame. If I wasn't coming to this mountain, I would've brought some samples with me...
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, weren't you doing research in the city? How come you're here?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Timaeus and I were helping Albedo organize research data. Timaeus just left in fact. You didn't run into him?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure didn't.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' He said that he wasn't as sharp as Albedo when it came to data &mdash; by quite a long shot, in fact.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 07.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' The significance of some things Albedo is able to grasp almost immediately, but we on the other hand take considerable time. I fear that this must be the difference in our knowledge and experience showing...
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 08.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Timaeus seemed rather depressed about the matter. He said he was going to take a walk, so I'm currently settling the leftover affairs myself.
:{{DIcon}} (It feels like he's just leaving her high and dry...)
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 09.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I was originally going to take a look around myself after finishing up here, but unexpectedly, I gleaned some interesting data from these reports!
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 10.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' But, well... *sigh* Guess my search for secrets will have to wait...
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Secrets? Ooh, what secrets?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 11.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Hmm... Actually, do you two have time right now?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't have anything on us but that!
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 12.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Then could I ask you for a favor? In truth, I feel like Albedo is... concealing something from myself and Timaeus.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But isn't he your teacher? What would a teacher have to hide from his students?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 13.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' That's true, but I feel like he's always hiding something... It is my personal guess that it is some great secret of alchemy!
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait. How're you so sure?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 14.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Timaeus and I are both passionate researchers of alchemy. If it was anything else, Albedo wouldn't have an reason to hide it from us.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... You do have a point.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 15.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Could you help me investigate what it is that Albedo's hiding? Please! I'm... I'm just too curious!
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... What do you think?
:{{DIcon}} If the lady wishes it, we shall do it.
:{{DIcon}} I'm curious about Albedo's secret stash myself.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 sucrose 16.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Yes! Thank you, thank you!
:{{A|vo eqxs001 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, alright. Let's take a little trip, shall we?

;(Talk to Sucrose again)
:{{A|vo dialog eqxs001 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Albedo's secret must be something truly extraordinary. But if that's the case, why the secrecy in the first place?
----
;(Upon entering [[Albedo's Campsite]])
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo!
:{{DIcon}} Hey there. It's us again.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm? Why are you here?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Are you lost?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No we're not!
:{{DIcon}} Sucrose has commissioned us to probe you for secrets.
:{{DIcon}} Sucrose says that you conceal some unspeakable secret.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' A secret?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! What are you doing!?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Our mission calls for a delicate approach!
:{{DIcon}} Well, we weren't fooling him either way.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Sure, but still...
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Actually, you've arrived at just the right moment. I have business with you too, in fact.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Here you go.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's this?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' As you can see, it is a sword.
:{{DIcon}} Into forging, are you?
:{{DIcon}} Is smithing part of an alchemist's qualifications, too?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I did not make this sword. However, I did add some alchemical touches to it.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Would you like to try it out?
:{{DIcon}} You're giving it to me?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' My research indicates that this sword has some... unique properties. Only you can use it.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But I need to gather data from it quite urgently &mdash; so, could I bother you to use it in battle?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Waaait a second. How can there be a sword that only one person can use?
:{{DIcon}} Any adverse side effects?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Very astute of you. This sword has indeed had a curse laid upon it.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' An ordinary person would be unable to wield it at all. However, you are an exception.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh...?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Or perhaps I should say that only you are immune to the curse. As such, who could I find to help me, of not you?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 4 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' We gain little from saying more. Go find some monsters nearby &mdash; after all, some things are best discovered through practice.

;(Take up the mysterious sword and do battle)
:{{A|vo eqxs001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' How about those over there?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon still has a bad feeling about this...

;(After defeating the slimes)
:{{A|vo eqxs001 7 fierceman 01.ogg}} '''Ferocious Man:''' Over here! It's with this brat!
:{{A|vo eqxs001 7 fierceman 02.ogg}} '''Ferocious Man:''' Give it back, you thief!
:{{A|vo eqxs001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Treasure Hoarders? There are Treasure Hoarders in a place this cold?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 7 fierceman 03.ogg}} '''Ferocious Man:''' Enough talk! Hand it over!
:{{A|vo eqxs001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Watch out!

;(After defeating the treasure hoarders)
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that's rich &mdash; Treasure Hoarders calling us thieves!
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' They certainly arrived quickly.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, you're the thief they were talking about?
:{{DIcon}} You didn't filch anything from them, did you?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Goodness, no.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They seem to have been talking about this sword. What's going on?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Why are you looking at me like that? Of course I didn't steal this sword.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Not long ago, the Knights caught a band of Treasure Hoarders outside the city. The goods they were smuggling were also impounded.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This sword was one of those items. We believed it to be stolen plunder, but no one came to claim it, nor could we find out where it came from, so it languished in our stores.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I noticed it quite by chance while in our storehouse. To tell you the truth such an old sword would see little use outside of alchemy.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? You claimed it for yourself, just like that?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... then what happened? You just took it with you?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Indeed, and I initially intended to perform some experiments on it, but I unexpectedly discovered its true origins in the process.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This ancient-looking weapon once passed through the hands of a now-deceased blacksmith. It is a legendary magical sword.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A magical sword!?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It is said that the smith vanished not long after creating this weapon, with the weapon subsequently becoming lost to time.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Working backwards from its eventual fate as plunder, one can correctly guess that it was then stolen by the Treasure Hoarders, where it remained in obscurity till recently.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The blacksmith who made this weapon... disappeared!? That's kinda spooky.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No wonder its cursed!
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Exactly.
:{{DIcon}} To think that a human could make such a weapon...
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Do you know the story of {{Color|buzzword|Durin}} and this mountain?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' {{Color|buzzword|Durin}} was the black dragon who menaced Mondstadt, before finally being defeated by the combined efforts of {{Color|buzzword|Dvalin}} and the {{Color|buzzword|Ameno Archon Barbatos}}.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' After a fierce battle, the vanquished Durin crashed to ruin here, falling into the thick snow.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 15.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Snow gathers atop this mountain and never melts, which is a most curious phenomenon. Which leads one to wonder &mdash; was Durin's fall here purely by chance, or was it intent?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could it really have been intent?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 16.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Perhaps this place was chosen as a gravesite precisely so that the snow's power could seal the corrosive toxin coming from Durin's body.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 17.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It seems plausible that Barbatos would think of such a method.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Was Barbatos such a capable god?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 18.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Well, these are just my postulations. I don't have any evidence. But what's for certain is that this mountain and Durin are deeply intertwined.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 19.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' In fact, I believe that the very sword in your hand has Durin's remains in it.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A dragon's remains!?
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 20.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Indeed. The dragon's eyes, claws, and scales, ground into dust before being used to coat the blade.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 21.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' In this way, Durin's corruption and venom entered into the sword, and became the source of its power.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 22.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This is very advanced craftsmanship. I presume that having successfully forged the weapon, the smith must have tried it out themselves in their joy.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 23.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' But using this sword in battle would have allowed the corruption to seep through the blade's handle, and into their bodies.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 24.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Ordinary mortals cannot withstand such power. The blacksmith must then have fled, driven mad by the curse, before meeting their end in some unknown place.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eek...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 25.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' You've purified Dvalin's Tears before, which is a very rare ability indeed.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 26.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This ability has protected you from being corrupted or poisoned, and you can completely eliminate their effects.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 27.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Which is why you, and only you, can properly wield this sword.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, this sword really is huge... Yikes!
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' I&mdash;It's glowing!
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 28.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' As far as I'm concerned, this is where the real experiment begins.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 29.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The sword is still very week at present. However, it is able to absorb energy, and through that, it is able to constantly become stronger.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 30.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' In some sense, you could even say that it is a living thing.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 31.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Well then, Traveler, adventure with it to your heart's content. I need you to help it grow.
:{{A|vo eqxs001 9 albedo 32.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I believe that we will soon have all the proof we need.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Festering Desire
|zhs     = 腐殖之剑
|zhs_rm  = Fǔzhí zhī Jiàn
|zht     = 腐殖之劍
|zht_rm  = Fǔzhí zhī Jiàn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 腐植の剣
|ja_rm   = Fushoku no Ken
|ja_tl   = Sword of Humus
|ko      = 부식의 검
|ko_rm   = Busik-ui geom
|ko_tl   = Sword of Corrosion
|es      = Deseo Ponzoñoso
|es_tl   = Poisonous Wish
|fr      = Croc suppurant
|fr_tl   = Festering Fang
|ru      = Осквернённое желание
|ru_tl   = Desecrated Desire
|th      = ความปรารถนาแห่งดาบ Festering Desire
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Desire of the Festering Desire Sword
|vi      = Răng Nanh Rỉ Sét
|vi_tl   = Rusted Fang
|de      = Schwert der Verderbnis
|de_tl   = Sword of Corruption
|id      = Festering Desire
|pt      = Espada Pútrida
|pt_tl   = Putrid Sword
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}