{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40054
|image         = Event Quest Festive Elegance.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = True Tales of the Violet Garden
|act           = The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Kamisato Ayato; Katheryne (Inazuma); Murata (Inazuma); Onodera; Paimon; Traveler; Yae Miko
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|next          = The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture (Quest)
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
|event_name    = Hues of the Violet Garden
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Festive Elegance''' is the first part of the [[True Tales of the Violet Garden]]: Act I - [[The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture]] during the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Katheryne]] in [[Inazuma]]
# Go to [[Yae Publishing House]] to look for [[Yae Miko]]
# Go to the Irodori Festival site on [[Ritou]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Inazuman [[Adventurers' Guild]] seems to have a quest for you. Look for Katheryne for more details.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi Katheryne, we heard that you have a new commission for us?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 1 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' That's correct. There's a requester who has submitted a designated commission for the two of you.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A designated commission? Sounds like it must be pretty important. Uh, what kind of task is it, exactly?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 1 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hehe, there's no need to worry. This commission is not dangerous by any means. Perhaps you have heard that Inazuma will soon be holding a major festival &mdash; the "[[Irodori Festival|Magnificent Irodori Festival]]."
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay! A festival! Come to think of it, we haven't attended a festival in Inazuma for a while.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 1 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' The [[Yashiro Commission]] and [[Lady Yae]] are responsible for all the festival preparations. The one who has requested your help is none other than Lady Yae herself.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, so it's Miko's commission.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, you know Miko... She always has some unusual ideas in her head. You can bet a festival planned by her is gonna be one to remember.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'd better go to [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] and see what she needs us to do.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 1 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Lady Yae is currently at Yae Publishing House in [[Hanamizaka]], so there's no need to go all the way to the shrine. In fact, she has instructed me to have you directly meet with her there.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, well that's convenient enough. Let's go then!
{{Quest Description|Since you were commissioned by Miko herself, you might as well ask her for more details. You've heard that she can be found near Yae Publishing House...}}
;(Approach Yae Publishing House)
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Aratani and Kuroda, how are things coming along?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 aratani 01.ogg}} '''Aratani:''' All the books and commissioned prints for Yae Publishing House were bound and sent out yesterday afternoon, Lady Yae.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Very good. And [[Murata (NPC)|Murata]]?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 murata 01.ogg}} '''Murata:''' We have already received word from [[Eipekkusu]] and [[Sailing Breeze]] that the materials are all in place for "[[Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power]]" and "[[Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?]]"!
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well done. And what about you, [[Onodera]]?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 onodera 01.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' ...
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ahem. O&mdash;no&mdash;de&mdash;ra?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 onodera 02.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Oh, uh, yes Lady Yae! Everything is ready for the new issue release party.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You are the one who organized the plans for this release party. In other words, you are the team's fearless leader now. So please, show some confidence.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Besides, there's no need to be nervous. This project is destined for success, I feel quite optimistic about it.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I shall specially grant you leave for the next couple of days, Onodera. Please take the opportunity to have a good rest. After all, you will be very busy on the day of the release party.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 onodera 03.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Yes, Lady Yae. Thank you very much!
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Alright then, is everyone clear about their assignments? Good. We are running out of time, so let's get moving! Chop chop!
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, hello little ones. I take it you have received my commission, hmm?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Some organizer you are! It's nearly time for the festival and you're still over here ramping things up for your light novel business! Shouldn't you be getting back to the Grand Narukami Shrine?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You weren't thinking of dumping all the festival preparations on us, were you? Hmph, if so, then you can forget it, Paimon won't accept such a commission!
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, forget it!
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' My my, such harsh words... It hurts to hear that kind of talk from you two. But, as you can clearly see, I'm here working like a dog for the festival, yet you say I'm not doing my job.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Let me ask you, little ones, who ever said that the festival must involve the Grand Narukami Shrine?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? But isn't that a given? This is Inazuma, after all.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes, that is true. But now that the [[Sakoku Decree]] has been lifted, Inazuma is no longer the same nation that once resisted change tooth and nail.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Therefore, rather than sticking to the same old traditional festival, the [[Yashiro Commission]] and I have decided to shake things up a little... This time, we'll be holding an international cultural festival, distinctly Inazuman but with a unique twist.
:{{DIcon}} International...
:{{DIcon}} Cultural festival?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, I suppose I should start by telling you the origins of the Irodori Festival.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Legend has it that there were five poets in ancient Inazuma who were supremely gifted in singing and writing poetry. They are known as "[[The Five Kasen]]."
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Every year, one of the five would present a collection of the group's poems to the [[Raiden Shogun|Shogun]] for review, which would then spark cultured discussions regarding those works.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Thanks to them, Inazuma's culture blossomed and gained great influence at that time.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As time passed, people began creating various tales based on The Five Kasen. The Irodori Festival was also developed as a result to show appreciation for their works which so greatly enriched our lives.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like a festival that's really rooted in culture.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Indeed, to describe it in the words of the ancients, it'd be "refined elegance." Unfortunately, with the flow of time, people have gradually forgotten about The Five Kasen and the festival.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 20.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Which is precisely why I've decided to revive the Irodori Festival by...
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 21.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Holding a cultural convention featuring light novels!
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wa&mdash;Wait a minute... light novels!?
:{{DIcon}} What about all that "refined elegance" stuff you just said?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 22.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Please stop looking at me with those baffled expressions. In ancient times, poetry was all the rage. But nowadays, the entertainment format of choice is light novels.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 23.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The important thing is not the format but the creative work itself. It is impossible to come up with anything fresh if you're stuck using some rigid format of the past.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 24.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Speaking of which, don't you think that the concept of "focusing on the now" perfectly suits the current Inazuma?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 25.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' And besides, it's a great opportunity to reintroduce Inazuma to all Teyvat through light novels. As they say, it's two birds with one stone.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like...
:{{DIcon}} A whole lot of thinly veiled self-justifications?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, that was close... Paimon was nearly carried away by Miko's persuasive tongue.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' C'mon Miko, you can't fool us! We know you by now, this is all definitely stemming from your own personal interests!
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 26.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Haha, I can't deny that my hobbies had no part to play in this. However, regardless of whether it's light novels or a festival, catching people's attention with a fresh concept is the essence here.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 27.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well, what do you say? Aren't you two even a little curious about what interesting things you might see at the festival?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, maybe a little... Ah alright, Paimon's super curious now!
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 28.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe. Come, let's pay a visit to the venue in Ritou together. I promise that it will give you a whole new perspective on the festival.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 2 yaemiko 29.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' There we'll meet a special someone who will tell you more about your tasks.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Miko introduces the Irodori Festival to you breifly. Time to follow her to Ritou to see it for yourself.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the festival site)
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' During the Irodori Festival, the area around the [[Outlander Affairs Agency]] will become the main exhibition space for light novels.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Once things are in full swing, not only will there be lots of official and fan-created work on display, there'll also be exclusive giveaways, prizes, and new release parties.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' This small plaza in front of the [[International Trade Association]] will be called "The Five Kasen Plaza" during the festival, and nearby shops will be selling special light novel merchandise. You certainly won't want to miss out.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, how should Paimon put this... It's definitely not your typical festival, but it sure looks like it'll be quite the party!
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, it's like a light novel paradise.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Uh, Miko, what are these blank boards in the center of the plaza?
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes, those are&mdash;
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Ah, Lady Yae did mention that there would be some reliable helpers coming to assist with the festivities. It appears she meant you two.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' At last, we meet again, Traveler and Paimon. Tell me, how are you faring recently?
:{{Introductory Note|character=Kamisato Ayato}}
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's [[Ayato]]! Wow, so even a busy guy like yourself is here to attend the Irodori Festival.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Preparing festivals falls under the Yashiro Commission's scope of responsibilities. Seeing as Lady Yae has poured her heart and soul into the preparations, I'm obliged to be equally dedicated.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe. Come now Ayato, we're not strangers here. There's no need to sound so formal.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' We were just about to discuss the boards over here. They're related to our little helpers' tasks, so I'll let you give them a detailed rundown.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Certainly. I assume you two already know that the Irodori Festival originated from The Five Kasen. These five boards are here for painting their portraits.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' This Irodori Festival is not only the first major festival to be held in Inazuma since the lifting of the Sakoku Decree, it is also an event deeply rooted in culture and the arts.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 ayato 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Therefore, the Yashiro Commission has personally invited several cultural celebrities from other nations.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 ayato 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' For example, the artist we have invited to paint these portraits hails from the distant land of Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 ayato 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The Yashiro Commission will arrange accommodations and food in Inazuma for each of the distinguished guests. However, we fear that staying in a foreign land may feel a little uncomfortable.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 ayato 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Which is precisely why it would be ideal to have someone familiar with both Inazuma and other nations of [[Teyvat]] to serve as a guide for our guests.
:{{DIcon}} I get it now.
:{{DIcon}} So this is our commission.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 ayato 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I knew you would catch on. It is our hope that you would be able to guide the guests from the harbor to their residence at the International Trade Association while providing any necessary assistance along the way.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 ayato 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' This Arrival Schedule includes the details of the ships on which the guests will be arriving. All you simply have to do is go to the docks at the indicated times.
<!-- This line doesn't show in-game. :'''Kamisato Ayato:''' Which is precisely why it would be ideal to have someone familiar with both Inazuma and other nations of Teyvat to serve as a guide for our guests. -->
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It's settled then. My, look at the time. I have to meet with my editors, so I must be going now.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' During the festival, most of the Yae Publishing House's editors will be staying near the Outlander Affairs Agency. If you run into any problems, you may find them there.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 ayato 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' This festival requires the full cooperation of the [[Tri-Commission]], and there are still many minor details which require my attention, so I must excuse myself for now. I'll leave the guests in your hands.
;(Obtain {{Item|Arrival Schedule}})

:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All the details we need about the ships are on the timetable that Ayato gave us.
:{{A|vo rcjeq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's take a closer look and be sure to pick up the passengers according to the times written on it.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Festive Elegance
|zhs     = 堇庭风雅盛会
|zhs_rm  = Jǐn Tíng Fēngyǎ Shènghuì
|zht     = 堇庭風雅盛會
|zht_rm  = Jǐn Tíng Fēngyǎ Shènghuì
|zh_tl   = Violet Garden's Elegant Grand Meeting
|ja      = 菫庭の風雅な盛会
|ja_rm   = Kintei no Fuuga-na Seikai{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Violet Garden's Elegant Successful Meeting
|ko      = 자색 정원의 축제
|ko_rm   = Jasek Jeongwon-ui Chukje
|ko_tl   = Violet Garden's Festival
|es      = Elegancia festiva
|es_tl   = Festive Elegance
|fr      = Élégance festive
|fr_tl   = Festive Elegance
|ru      = Праздничная элегантность
|ru_tl   = Festive Elegance
|th      = งานเลี้ยงอันงามงดแห่งสวนม่วง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Buổi Tiệc Phong Nhã
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Festliche Eleganz
|de_tl   = Festive Elegance
|id      = Keanggunan Festival
|id_tl   = Elegance of Festival
|pt      = Elegância Festiva do Jardim Violeta
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[ja:菫庭の風雅な盛会]]
[[pt-br:Elegância Festiva do Jardim Violeta]]
[[ru:Странная история хмельной настойки Суико]]