{{Chapter Infobox
|type       = World
|event_name = Hues of the Violet Garden
}}
'''Festival Deeds''' is an Event [[World Quest]] chapter during the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==List of Parts==
* Part I - [[A Story for You]]
** Requirement: {{Quest|The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}
* Part II - [[About That Time We Saved the Tanuki Photo Board]]
** Requirement: {{Quest|What the Blue Flowers Left Behind|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}
* Part III - [[Buyer's Guide to the Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder]]
** Requirement: {{Quest|A New Painting in Pale Scarlet|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}
* Part IV - [[Pen Pals, Book Reviews, and the Super Lucky General]]
** Requirement: {{Quest|The Five Colors' True Form|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}

==Summary==
===Part I - A Story for You===
{{Main|A Story for You}}
{{Description|Albedo is waiting for you at the Five Kasen Plaza. He seems to have a request for you concerning Klee...}}
After hearing tales of [[Inazuma]] from [[Albedo]], Klee was hyped to set sights since arriving here. Albedo tasked both [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] to babysit [[Klee]] while he's busy for the festival (without explosions of course).

Arriving at the [[Inazuma City|city]], they are greeted by a [[Iwao|local child]] offering local cuisine. He also introduced her to [[Yoimiya]], who was down in the dumps due to fireworks being banned during the festival. Both Pyrotechnicians eventually made up and try to find some ways to have fun without setting fire in the festival.

After suggesting that they can both write stories, they get excited and write a picture book about [[Dodoco]]'s journey in Inazuma. Despite their plan getting the book printed, Yae Publishing House is too busy to accept the request. So [[Yae Miko]] suggests that they can edit their work to be shorter so it can be sold with an already published work.

The next day, [[Let's Go, Dodoco!]] was published as a sub-story for [[Alice]]'s Inazuman [[Teyvat Travel Guide]].

===Part II - About That Time We Saved the Tanuki Photo Board===
{{Main|About That Time We Saved the Tanuki Photo Board}}
{{Description|Kimura, the Doushin in charge of maintaining order at the Irodori Festival, seems to be having a hard time...}}
[[Kimura]] is worried that some group is hogging the photo board during the festival and the guards were stationed to not interfere. The Traveler accept the request to check the board, only to find a whole group of [[Arataki Gang]] trying to enjoy the festival with having no money to spend on something special there.

Their leader, [[Arataki Itto|Itto]] demands the Traveler to have a competition at Irodori Festival if they want to leave the board. The passing [[Thoma]] greets the group and suggests they do a volunteering competition where they help whatever in trouble in the area. At first, Itto is not interested, but knowing the prize is a special limited [[Rainbow Aster]] that he wanted, he accepted the deal and got to work.

Unbeknown to Itto, the Traveler just got word on their last request that the prize drink contains soybean milk. And just when Itto drank till the last drop, he crumpled to the ground due to his bean allergies, prompting both Thoma and Itto's gang to escort him to the doctor.

===Part III - Buyer's Guide to the Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder===
{{Main|Buyer's Guide to the Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder}}
{{Description|Something appears to have occurred in front of Eipekkusu, the place where Statues of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder are being sold...}}
The Traveler and Paimon come across [[Kujou Sara]] patrolling at the Five Kasen Plaza. She had wanted to buy a [[Statue of Her Excellency, the Almighty Narukami Ogosho, God of Thunder]] but was unable to since she has to report to duty before the shop opens. Instead, [[Yae Miko]] found a professional to assist in purchasing the statue on Kujou Sara's behalf.

As Kujou Sara leaves, the Traveler discovers [[Sayu]] in a barrel, who had overslept and missed the chance to buy the statue. In fear of what might happen to her if she's unable to get the statue, Sayu decides to sacrifice this month's salary and has the Traveler try to buy it off someone, but to no avail. After talking to the shopkeeper at Eipekkusu, they notice a discrepancy with the sales and so the Traveler and Paimon try asking [[Junpei]], once of the other buyers, to see if he knows anything. As they're talking to him, Kujou Sara reappears and reveals that someone has been hoarding statues to resell at higher prices. Since the reseller would likely destroy evidence and dash if confronted by the Tenryou Commission, Kujou Sara decides to conduct a sting operation and has the Traveler confront the culprit instead. After the culprit's arrest, the Traveler informs the Eipekkusu shopkeeper what happened and she gives the Traveler a statue as thanks.

The Traveler heads to the Inazuma City police station to give Kujou Sara the statue, but unexpectedly [[Ei]] comes up behind Kujou Sara. Sara is surprised and, in embarrassment, lies to Ei that the statue belongs to the Traveler before hurrying off without it. Ei says she has another statue at Tenshukaku and says she can have it sent to Kujou Sara with the Traveler's name as the sender.

===Part IV - Pen Pals, Book Reviews, and the Super Lucky General===
{{Main|Pen Pals, Book Reviews, and the Super Lucky General}}
{{Description|The day after the release event, the Irodori Festival plays host to two special guests...}}
The Traveler and Paimon meet [[Kokomi]] and [[Gorou]] who just arrived at the docks to come and buy books and meet up with Kokomi's pen pal. As it turns out, Kokomi's pen pal was actually [[Yae Miko]]. At the sight of Miko, Gorou quickly bolted and hid. Yae Miko wonders where Gorou is and Kokomi says he went to buy books to cover for him. After conversing with Yae Miko, Kokomi tells the Traveler to have Gorou actually buy the books so he doesn't feel too bad for hiding.

As the Traveler and Gorou buy the books, Gorou continuously gets "lucky" at every vendor, winning some kind of "Yae Miko"-related prize for being a lucky customer or the 100th buyer. After drawing the grand prize at a raffle machine, Gorou wins the full collection of every light novel published by the Yae Publishing House presented to the winner by Yae Miko herself along with a picture together with Yae Miko. Although he does not want to meet Yae Miko, Gorou does not refuse the prize but rather asks if he can have the light novels replaced by books related to agriculture to help Watatsumi Island and will cope with meeting Yae Miko to get these books. Murata, one of the Yae Publishing House staff, says she will have to check with Lady Yae first.

Murata reports back that Yae Miko approved the request and will even include a few extra works and along with a letter from her. But instead of presenting the books at the ceremony, Yae Miko decides to have them packaged and sent directly to Kokomi and Gorou's ship. At this news, Gorou is surprised that Yae Miko would cancel the ceremony as he expected her to try and make a fool out of him and figures he was too suspicious of her. The next night, the Traveler goes to see Kokomi and Gorou off at the docks. They remember the letter from Yae Miko, and Gorou reads it. Yae Miko's letter states that she was impressed with Gorou's courage and tells him that, in return for her kindness in granting the books, he should come to Yae Publishing House dressed up in a woman's outfit for an event. After reading the letter, Gorou shouts that he knew Yae Miko was up to something.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Festival Deeds Chapter|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Festival Deeds Chapter Quests}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Festival Deeds
|zhs     = 祭典之行
|zhs_rm  = Jìdiǎn zhī Xíng
|zht     = 祭典之行
|zht_rm  = Jìdiǎn zhī Xíng
|zh_tl   = Ceremonial Travel
|ja      = 祭典の旅
|ja_rm   = Saiten no Tabi
|ja_tl   = Festival Journey
|ko      = 축제 여행
|ko_tl   = Festival Travel
|es      = Una aventura festiva
|es_tl   = A Festive Adventure
|fr      = Actes festifs
|fr_tl   = Festive Acts
|ru      = Праздничные дела
|ru_tl   = Festive Matters
|th      = บันทึกงานเทศกาล
|th_rm   = Banthuk ngan theskal
|th_tl   = Festival Journey
|vi      = Hành Trình Lễ Hội
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein Schlendergang auf dem Fest
|de_tl   = A Leisurely Stroll at the Festival
|id      = Perjalanan Festival
|id_tl   = Festival Journey
|pt      = Jornada Festiva
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[ja:祭典の旅]]
[[pt-br:Jornada Festiva]]