{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73032
|image         = World Quest Festival Utsava.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Aranyaka
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = II
|act           = Dream Nursery
|part          = 4
|summary       = 
|characters    = Aragaru; Araja; Arakavi; Arakunti; Arama; Arana; Aranaga; Aranakula; Arapandu; Aranakin; Ararycan; Paimon; Traveler; Aramuhukunda
|startLocation = [[Vanarana]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Vanarana
|prev          = For A Better Reunion
|next          = For Fruits, Seeds, and Trees
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 25,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
}}
'''''Festival Utsava''''' is the fourth quest in the [[World Quest]] series [[Aranyaka]]: Part II - [[Dream Nursery]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Araja
# Enjoy Festival Utsava with Aranara in the Vanarana in the dream
# Talk to Arakavi
# Play a melody by the stage
# Look for Araja and Arama
# Head to Araja's house to rest

==Gameplay Notes==
*To progress past Step 2, the following must be completed:
**Talk to [[Araja]] and obtain [[Araja's Flower]]
**Talk to [[Ararycan]] and obtain [[Ararycan's Flower]]
**Talk to [[Aranaga]], [[Aranakin]], and [[Aragaru]]
**Talk to [[Arapandu]], [[Arakunti]], [[Aranakula]], [[Arakara]], and [[Arabalika]] and obtain [[Arapandu's Flower]], [[Arakunti's Flower]], [[Aranakula's Flower]], [[Arakara's Flower]], and [[Arabalika's Flower]]
**Talk to the unknown Aranara and obtain [[Nameless Flower]]
**Complete the quest ''[[Delicious Riddle]]'' and obtain [[Araesha's Flower]]
**Complete the quest ''[[Garden Fairies]]'' and obtain [[Aralila and Aranishat's Flowers]]
**Complete the quest ''[[Rishboland Tiger, Roaaar]]'' and obtain [[Arakanta's Flower]]
**Complete the quest ''[[Taste of Happiness]]'' and obtain [[The Siblings' Flowers]]
*Completing Step 1 of this quest is required to start the ''[[Static Views, Part 2]]'' quest.{{Verify}}
*Completing Step 4 grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Glittering Melody]]''.
*After the quest, you will be returned to the real version of [[Vanarana]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You returned to Vanarana with Arama after parting with Arana and Rana. It's finally time for Festival Utsava.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Paimon:''' We're back, Araja!
:'''Araja:''' Finally! Everyone's been waiting!
:'''Arama:''' Festival Utsava has started, but it's not in full swing yet since Nara friends didn't get back till now.
:{{DIcon}} There are so many Aranara here.
:{{DIcon}} Can we prepare the Bija once the festival is over?
::'''Araja:''' As far as I know, yes.
:'''Paimon:''' It's been a real grind adventuring like this huh. Let's just enjoy the festivities right now, (Traveler)!
:'''Arama:''' Yes, you must enjoy yourselves, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
:'''Araja:''' Yes. I'll see you later.

:'''Paimon:''' It's so full of life and joy! Our hard work didn't go to waste...
{{Dialogue end}}
----
===Talk Dialogue===
<!-- they show up as world quest markers but there is no actual "quest" that you get -->
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Araja)
:'''Araja:''' Nara (Traveler), Paimon, we meet again. Hehehe...
:'''Paimon:''' You look very happy, Araja!
:'''Araja:''' Hoho... I am indeed very happy to see Vanarana so lively, with so many Aranara having returned home. Ah, I never thought that I'd be able to participate in Festival Utsava in person...
:{{DIcon}} You haven't participated in it before?
:{{DIcon}} I'm very happy too.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon's really happy too! But haven't you ever participated in Festival Utsava before, Araja?
:'''Araja:''' The stories say that I did participate. It was a long, long time ago...
:'''Araja:''' I, Aramuhukunda, Arana, Araji... Many of us Aranara celebrated Festival Utsava together with [[Nara Varuna]].
:'''Araja:''' It was a very difficult time. But we still laughed and sang together during Festival Utsava. I like this story very much.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Then you did participate, didn't you?
:'''Araja:''' Oh, I did participate, in the stories. But I no longer remember that. Those stories were all things that Arana and the others told me later.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmmm... Araja is starting to sound a lot like a grandpa. Maybe Araja's just getting too old and can't remember clearly!
:'''Araja:''' Perhaps this is for the best... Anyway, Nara (Traveler), Paimon, will you take this?
:'''Paimon:''' It's a flower...
:'''Araja:''' Yes. I hope that this flower will follow you in your future travels.
:{{DIcon}} I'll accept it.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks.
:'''Araja:''' Nara time is much more precious than Aranara time, so I will not keep you from enjoying yourselves. Go look for Arakavi later. He is also preparing for the Festival Utsava ceremony.
;(Obtain [[Araja's Flower]])

;(Talk to Araja again)
:'''Araja:''' Oh my, I am so happy! I hope that you will be happy too. Our greatest wish during Festival Utsava is to see our Nara friends happy.
:'''Araja:''' Nara time is much more precious than Aranara time, so I will not keep you from enjoying yourselves. Go look for Arakavi later. He is also preparing for the Festival Utsava ceremony.

;(Talk to Ararycan)
:'''Ararycan:''' Nara (Traveler) and Paimon! Don't worry. The baddies that made Vanarana sick won't be coming back!
:'''Ararycan:''' Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon for helping Ararycan protect Vanarana. Ararycan has flowers for you!
:'''Ararycan:''' Take the flowers, friends of Ararycan!
;(Obtain [[Ararycan's Flower]])

;(Talk to Ararycan again)
:'''Ararycan:''' Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, for coming to Vanarana and celebrating Festival Utsava with us Aranara.
:'''Ararycan:''' Ararycan wants to spend more time together with you, good friends...

;(Talk to Arakavi)<!--unlike the rest, has no quest marker-->
:'''Arakavi:''' Oh? It's Nara (Traveler)! We learned many lost tunes thanks to you, Paimon, and Arama.
:'''Arakavi:''' You're well acquainted with the art of singing, right?
:{{DIcon}} I'm alright, I guess...
:{{DIcon}} I'm amazing.
:{{DIcon}} I might attract Whopperflowers...
::'''Arakavi:''' Hahaha, Nara (Traveler)'s really funny.
:'''Arakavi:''' Then please... What was the Nara phrase again? "Let me borrow your ears"... or something like that.
:{{DIcon}} I think you meant "lend me your ears."
:{{DIcon}} "Cover your ears?"
:'''Arakavi:''' Is that how it's supposed to be? Eh, anyway, let's meet again later!

;(Talk to Aradasa)
:'''Aradasa:''' ♪~

;(Talk to Arasudraka)
:'''Arasudraka:''' You're back, Nara (Traveler)! A Festival Utsava with you is a tale fit for songs!

;(Talk to Arayasa)
:'''Arayasa:''' "Even if you cover his eyes in gloom, you can't take away the light from his heart..."

;(Talk to Aranaga, Aranakin, or Aragaru)
:'''Aranaga:''' Festival Utsava... Feels familiar... Eh? It's White Floaty... and the Golden Nara.
:'''Aranakin:''' It's the Nara friend, and the Nara friend's friend. Hope you will have fun during Festival Utsava.
:'''Aragaru:''' A friend's friend is also our friend! Golden Nara and White Floaty are both Aragaru's friends!

;(Talk to Aranaga, Aranakin, or Aragaru again)
:'''Aragaru:''' Hehe, Festival Utsava, so lively! Vanarana is filled with joy!
:'''Aranakin:''' But Festival Utsava will end. Nara friends of Aranara might leave too.
:{{DIcon}} The forest will remember.
:'''Aranaga:''' The forest will remember, but...
:'''Aragaru:''' I pray that no wind shall blow away our happiness; that there shall be rain to wet the earth and keep our Nara friends a while longer...

;(Talk to Arapandu, Arabalika, Arakunti, Aranakula, or Arakara)
:'''Arapandu:''' Nara (Traveler) and Paimon! Thanks to your help, the [[Varuna Contraption]] is now in good shape, and so is the [[Ashavan Realm]].
:'''Arakunti:''' All Aranara have returned to Vanarana for the celebration of Festival Utsava, like birds returning to their nests.
:'''Aranakula:''' The angry rain becomes gentle again. And Aranakula finally gets to take care of the garden, growing [[Viparyas]], happy Viparyas...
:'''Arakara:''' Happy Viparyas make happy lanterns, and happy lanterns light the happy Festival Utsava...
:'''Arakara:''' Nara (Traveler), Paimon, the garden is doing great now, and Festival Utsava was a blast. Thank you for your help with healing the Varuna Contraption and bringing Aranakula back.
:'''Paimon:''' All's well that ends well! Hee-hee...
:{{DIcon}} Speaking of which... I'm quite curious about something...
::{{DIcon}} Why is Nara Varuna named Nara Varuna?
:'''Arapandu:''' Oh, it's because that Nara helped us heal the Varuna Contraption.
:{{DIcon}} Then what's {{MC|m=her|f=his}} real name?
:'''Arapandu:''' Um... No idea. Nara Varuna never told us {{MC|m=her|f=his}} real name.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} I see.
:'''Arabalika:''' Nara (Traveler) has also helped a lot. Nara (Traveler) is a brave Nara and has overcome many difficulties. That we can gather here together at Festival Utsava makes me very happy.
:'''Arakunti:''' We have something for Nara (Traveler).
:'''Arapandu:''' This is how Aranara say thank you.
:'''Aranakula:''' Nara (Traveler) will like it, and so will Paimon.
:'''Arabalika:''' Here is an Aranara flower for brave Nara and Paimon.
:'''Arakara:''' Arakara also has a flower. It's not a Viparyas, but still, it's for Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!
:'''Arapandu:''' Nara (Traveler), Paimon, thanks for everything you did for Vana. We Aranara will never forget our friends!
;(Obtain [[Arapandu's Flower]], [[Arabalika's Flower]], [[Arakunti's Flower]], [[Aranakula's Flower]], and [[Arakara's Flower]])

;(Talk to Arapandu, Arabalika, or Arakunti again)
:'''Arapandu:''' The last time we had such a lively Festival Utsava was when Nara Varuna came to Vanarana...
:'''Arabalika:''' The festival may be fun, but nothing lasts forever.
:'''Arakunti:''' Just like how [[Nilotpala Lotus]]es in the water never stay in bloom. They must always close sometime.

;(Talk to Aranakula or Arakara again)
:'''Aranakula''' This feels just like the time Nara Varuna celebrated Festival Utsava with Aranara all over again... Aranakula hasn't been so happy in a very long time, Nara (Traveler). *sob*
:'''Arakara:''' Viparyas hate tears. Festival Utsava is a happy festival. Aranakula will play a happy song for Viparyas!

;(Talk to the unknown Aranara)
:'''[[Aramuhukunda|???]]:''' How nostalgic. It's been hundreds of years since I last saw such a sight... It's thanks to you that I could see Vanarana's dreamscape again.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! So you're actually that old...?
:{{DIcon}} This is the first time I've heard Aranara use the word "years"...
:{{DIcon}} Your concept of time is different from other Aranara...
:'''???:''' Is that so? Maybe it's because I've absorbed more memories and knowledge. In Vanarana's dreamscape, there is no day and night. Everything is tranquil and peaceful.
:'''???:''' We have long lifespans too, so we have very little concept of time. We measure the passage of time by the growth of trees, the blooming of flowers, the rising of the moon, and so on.
:'''???:''' If we are going to have Festival Utsava, we should bear the [[Bija]] soon, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Yes... Speaking of which, what is a Bija? Araja and Arama didn't explain much about it before.
:'''???:''' You have become friends with Aranara, so you should have heard about the principle of the Ararakalari. Do you know of it?
:{{DIcon}} Arana mentioned the power of memory...
:'''???:''' Arana, huh? How nostalgic. I hope Arana's alright. A little hotheaded, yes, but I doubt you would have been told about this if that one hadn't considered you a friend.
:'''???:''' Bija is a fruit made from extracted dreams and memories &mdash; the crystallization of all that is precious to us Aranara. It is a fruit, but it is also a seed of hope.
:'''???:''' Bija can help to realize dreams, so long as these dreams are meant to help others. I'm sure that you and the Aranara preparing this Bija do have such wishes, yes?
:{{DIcon}} We want to save Rana.
:{{DIcon}} Arana hopes to save a friend.
:'''???:''' Yes, then there is no problem. Since Nara (Traveler) is a friend to Aranara, please take this.
:{{DIcon}} This is...
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:'''Paimon:''' A flower... Arana, Aranakin, and the others also gave us flowers...
:'''???:''' I see. It seems that this custom has not changed after all these years. I'm glad.
:'''???:''' In the past, Araja, Araji, Arapacati, and I... We all gave flowers to Nara Varuna too. {{MC|m=She|f=He}} is a friend we cherish beyond measure.
:'''???:''' This type of flower is a symbol of Aranara friendship. Those who take this flower accept Aranara friendship.
:'''???:''' We Aranara are not good with words. So it is a point of pride for them that their human friends are willing to accept their flowers.
:'''???:''' And having heard many stories of Nara (Traveler), I believe that to me, you are also a cherished friend. It would thus be a great honor for me if you would accept my flower. Thank you.
:{{DIcon}} You're too kind.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:'''???:''' We will surely meet again. The next time we meet, Nara (Traveler), Paimon, I hope you will come to my house.
;(??? becomes translucent and then disappears)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, he disappeared...
:'''Paimon:''' What a strange Aranara! Come on, let's go check on the others!
;(Obtain [[Nameless Flower]])
{{Dialogue end}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|According to Araja, we should find Arakavi after enjoying the time here. Seems that there is some ritual about music.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Arakavi)
:'''Arakavi:''' Hey, it's the Golden Nara! Perfect timing!
:{{DIcon}} My name is (Traveler)...
:{{DIcon}} Don't you know my name?
:'''Arakavi:''' Gold is a wonderful color, the same as sunshine. That's what I'd like to call you on this important occasion!
:'''Arasudraka:''' Regardless, your name shall be recorded in our songs. Nara (Traveler) is a good name, very lyrical!
:'''Aradasa:''' ♪~
:'''Arayasa:''' "The {{MC|m=boy|f=girl}} whose eyes and soul are as golden as the sun, thy name is Nara (Traveler)."
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, what about Paimon? Don't forget Paimon now!
:'''Arayasa:''' "The pearl in moonlight, pure as silver, thy name is Paimon..."
:'''Paimon:''' Yes, Paimon wants to hear more! Maybe something that lauds our friendship too...
:{{DIcon}} Back to the topic...
:{{DIcon}} (Wait for more.)
::'''Arayasa:''' "Gold and silver, the colors of the sun and moon, are the reflection of their friendship."
::'''Paimon:''' Not bad! Adding a few lines praising Paimon's wisdom would be nice, too!
::{{DIcon}} Let's not digress further...
::{{DIcon}} (Wait for more.)
:::'''Arayasa:''' "The paths of stars, of flowing water, are all an open aranyaka to the silver one. The riddle is the moonlight's bait, the wisdom is the pearl's glimmer."
:::'''Paimon:''' Very poetic! Y'know, Paimon's also very brave... sooo, get Paimon's drift?
:::{{DIcon}} That's enough, Paimon.
:::{{DIcon}} (Wait for more.)
::::'''Arayasa:''' ...
::::'''Arayasa:''' "Swelling like a specter, surging ahead like a boar..."
::::'''Paimon:''' Hey, who are you calling a [[Specter]]? What a letdown!
:'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler)! Paimon!
:'''Araja:''' You're here! Everybody's having a great time at the festival.
:'''Paimon:''' It's always nice to have someone to help out and play with, right, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} That's right!
:{{DIcon}} Oh.
:'''Arama:''' No, not in that way! We're happy because we made friends with Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
:'''Arama:''' Although Aranakin, Aranaga, and Aragaru don't remember you, the forest does. The story will live on.
:'''Araja:''' Yeah, the singing of a Nara friend with Aranara is the most important part of the festival in the story! Song gatherers, are you ready?
:'''Aradasa:''' ♪~
:'''Arayasa:''' "From the first cry after birth, this is the moment you've been preparing for..."
:'''Arasudraka:''' Stupid Arayasa, only baby Nara are born and would cry.
:'''Arakavi:''' We're ready! And so is the ancient "stage" where it will take place!
:'''Arakavi:''' It was Aramuhukunda before me, and there will be other song gatherers after me to make it grow. It's been waiting for a long time to hear the duet between Nara and Aranara again.
:'''Araja:''' I'm very much looking forward to it as well. Are you ready, Nara (Traveler)?
:'''Paimon:''' According to how it was done before, you should be playing instruments too, right? Paimon can't wait for your performance, (Traveler)!
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready.
:{{DIcon}} I'm a bit nervous...
::'''Arama:''' Huh. Even someone as mighty as Nara (Traveler) can get nervous?
:'''Araja:''' Don't worry, just use the instrument you're used to and play it at your own pace.
:'''Arakavi:''' Well then, Golden Nara, we shall sing together! Please take the lead!
:'''Arama:''' Go, Nara (Traveler)!

;(Talk to Arakavi again)
:'''Arakavi:''' Golden Nara, we shall sing together! Please take the lead!

;(Talk to Arama again)
:'''Arama:''' Yes! You will be fine, Nara (Traveler)! Hearing your song gives us courage to even face Marana!

;(Talk to Araja again)
:'''Araja:''' Oh my, I'm so touched...

;(Talk to Arayasa again)
:'''Arayasa:''' "This is our song..."

;(Talk to Aradasa again)
:'''Aradasa:''' ♪~

;(Talk to Arasudraka again)
:'''Arasudraka:''' May this song echo in Vanarana forever!

{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Now, we shall "sing" together with the Aranara in Vanarana. Maybe that is the part every Aranara looks forward to the most &mdash; singing with Nara friends.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Play the song)
;(A cutscene plays)
:;(The Traveler plays the Rhythm of the Great Dream and the Aranara sings along)
:;(Cutscene ends)

:'''The Aranara disperse following the duet.'''

:'''Paimon:''' Wow, that was great! Your playing and the Aranara song were both awesome!
:'''Arasudraka:''' Yeah, Nara (Traveler) is awesome! I'd love to travel with you and remember your songs!
:{{DIcon}} Thanks.
:{{DIcon}} It's a good thing that no Whopperflowers showed up.
:{{DIcon}} Aranara are very impressive.
:'''Arakavi:''' Such a radiant melody. How exciting! Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, and your song... What an epic tale!
:{{DIcon}} Not calling me "Golden Nara" anymore?
:'''Arakavi:''' I'm short on experience, but if the stories were true, the glow from Nara Varuna's song might have been dimmer than yours!
:'''Aradasa:''' ♪~
:'''Arakavi:''' Aradasa is right. Please take these as tokens of our appreciation, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, this is a lot of flowers...
:'''Arayasa:''' "Even though the horizon is so gray, it's such a blessing to meet you..."
:'''Aradasa:''' "...Singing your song forever is the pact between you and me."
:{{DIcon}} Thank you. I'll cherish your gift.
:{{DIcon}} I accept your gift.
:'''Aradasa:''' ♪~
:'''Arakavi:''' Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon guesses that Festival Utsava is coming to an end...
:{{DIcon}} And we're one step closer to getting the Bija.
:{{DIcon}} Finally, light at the end of the tunnel.
:{{DIcon}} We must help Rana.
:'''Paimon:''' We should ask Araja what to do next... Hey, where did Araja and Arama go?
:'''Arakavi:''' Oh, they went that way after the duet.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go over there.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, and farewell.
:'''Arasudraka:''' I do want to tell Nara (Traveler) that...
:'''Arasudraka:''' Arasudraka has learned why Nara (Traveler) entered Vanarana. Your and Arana's friend will be fine.
:'''Arasudraka:''' Also, no matter how dark the sky and land get, as long as your spirit emits warmth like a golden sun, there will always be hope.
:{{DIcon}} I understand. Thank you.
:{{DIcon}} Gotcha.
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, Arasudraka! (Traveler) has always been like that!
:'''Paimon:''' We'll get going now. Farewell!
:'''Arasudraka:''' Farewell!
;(Obtain [[The Song Gatherers' Flowers]])

;(Talk to Arayasa again)
:'''Arayasa:''' "...Singing your song forever is the pact between you and me."

;(Talk to Aradasa again)
:'''Aradasa:''' ♪~

;(Talk to Arasudraka again)
:'''Arasudraka:''' As long as your heart emits golden and warm lights like the sun, there will always be hope!

;(Talk to Arakavi again)
:'''Arakavi:''' *sigh* This is great...

;(Talk to Aragaru, Aranaga or Aranakin, optional)
:'''Aragaru:''' Aranakin, Aranaga, my heart feels empty. Have I forgotten something?
:'''Aranakin:''' Aragaru is "hungry" just like Nara?
:'''Aranaga:''' What is it... Can't remember...

;(Talk to Ararycan, optional)
:'''Ararycan:''' Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. Later, Ararycan will return to the bad dirty stuff, and see if anything bad happens.
:'''Ararycan:''' Ararycan is a good friend to Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, forever!

;(Talk to Arabalika, Arakunti or Arapandu, optional)
:'''Arapandu:''' Why not change the name of "Varuna Contraption" to "(Traveler) Contraption"?
:'''Arabalika:''' This sounds strange &mdash; but it also seems rather nice.
:'''Arakunti:''' Um...

;(Talk to Araesha, optional)
:'''Araesha:''' Oh... Nara, so smart. The taller, the smarter! It's true!

;(Talk to Arachatora, Arapacati, Araphala or Arasaka, optional)
:'''Arapacati:''' Are you going to continue with your cooking training?
:'''Arasaka:''' Yes!
:'''Arapacati:''' But you know, the flavors Nara like, are very strange.
:'''Araphala:''' But... That's why I must train...

;(Talk to Arayash, optional)
:'''Arayash:''' The festival... We must still keep our guard up.

;(Talk to Araprabhu, optional)
:'''Araprabhu:''' Festival Utsava is a happy day! So Araprabhu will...
:'''Araprabhu:''' Practice even harder!

;(Talk to Arakanta, optional)
:'''Arakanta:''' Festival Utsava is over? Time runs fast! Much faster than Arakanta! Arakanta wants more matches with Nara friend...

;(Talk to Arapas, optional)
:'''Arapas:''' Vanarana water is nice. But I heard, in the north, there is sweeter and clearer water...

;(Talk to Aralila or Aranishat, optional)
:'''Aranishat:''' How many times did Aralila lose? Did Aranishat win?
:'''Aralila:''' So many matches. Who won? Who lost? Aralila doesn't know!
:'''Aranishat:''' Huh? Forget it! Happy Festival Utsava, more important than winning.
:'''Aralila:''' Aranishat... really has a point.
:'''Aranishat:''' Aranishat and Aralila both won, twice. All Aranara, and friends of Aranara, all won, for many times!

----
;(Approach Arama and Araja's location)
:'''Arama:''' The last Festival Utsava took place during Nara Varuna's time! In many tales and recollections, Marana was everywhere back then.
:'''Arama:''' Trees died, and lush plains turned brown. It rained filthy red water... Red, not the lovely apple red. Very horrifying!
:'''Araja:''' I'm glad I don't remember it now. Many children returned to [[Sarva]] before they were done growing into [[Vasara Tree]]s. But there was still Nara Varuna and Festival Utsava.
:'''Arama:''' Yes. At the time, you must have been a young Aranara sapling like me!
:'''Araja:''' Right. I have lost a lot of memories, but still can recall Nara's tears. Salty drops fell from {{MC|m=her|f=his}} eyes, but I wasn't afraid.
:'''Araja:''' {{MC|m=She|f=He}} spoke to me at length about our adventures in the forest, and thus the tales were preserved. Then, {{MC|m=she|f=he}} left.
:'''Araja:''' I wonder where {{MC|m=she|f=he}} is now? {{MC|m=She|f=He}} was very much like you, Nara (Traveler). You two might be Nara, but you are shining like the warm, golden sun.
:'''Arama:''' Drifting seeds are destined to flourish on nice soil... same for Nara! One day, the wind in Nara's hearts will stop, halting their steps.
:'''Arama:''' But Nara (Traveler) is not like ordinary Nara. Nara (Traveler) will keep traveling, and will perhaps run into Nara Varuna someday!
:'''Araja:''' Yes, but you forgot, Arama, that Nara are not Aranara. Their time is short.
:'''Araja:''' Nara Varuna couldn't live as long as trees, nor share dreams and memories as we do. How lonely and lamentable the Nara are.
:'''Arama:''' ...Right. If only Nara (Traveler) were an Aranara! If so, we would've known each other from way before and shared so many memories.
:'''Araja:''' The forest will remember. I'll bring all of Vanarana's memories to meet Aramuhukunda in Sarva, like rivers converging into the sea.
:'''Araja:''' A very long time ago, Vanarana was destroyed in that Nara catastrophe. Since then, Aranara made dreams their home and distanced themselves from Nara.
:'''Araja:''' Only Nara Varuna has always been friends with Aranara and continued helping everyone after the destruction. Only then did Aranara trust Nara again, little by little.
:'''Araja:''' When we parted, {{MC|m=she|f=he}} told me that, maybe one day, another Golden Nara would come to us, and {{MC|m=he|f=she}} would bring us even better memories.
:'''Araja:''' I think that with you and Nara (Traveler), perhaps it's time for us to walk, sing, and play with Nara in the forests once again.
:'''Arama:''' But everybody trusts Nara (Traveler) and Paimon because they're genuinely good. It wouldn't be a problem if all Nara are nice like Nara (Traveler) and Nara Varuna!
:'''Arama:''' You sound like an old Nara, Araja!
:'''Araja:''' Oh, I'm very happy to have the festival and give the flowers to the Golden Nara, but I'm also reminded of a lot of other things...
:'''Paimon:''' Arama, Araja! What are you doing here?
:'''Paimon:''' Don't tell Paimon you ran away because you didn't like how (Traveler) played?
:'''Arama:''' No! Nara (Traveler)'s performance was a bright ray of sunshine. It felt very, very good.
:'''Arama:''' But the Bija is crucial to Arana's and Nara (Traveler)'s wish, so I had to get ready.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, the Bija...
:{{DIcon}} Right!
:{{DIcon}} I totally didn't forget that, ahaha...
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon blames it on Festival Utsava feast that (Traveler) made. It was so delicious that Paimon got distracted.
:'''Arama:''' I went looking for the [[Fane of Ashvattha]] right after the song ended.
:'''Paimon:''' That sounds like it had something to do with the [[Ashvattha's Concourse|concourses]] we visited before.
:'''Araja:''' Paimon is as bright as moonlight. That's where Ashvattha's Tree of Dreams is. It's an ancient, sturdy [[Vasara Tree]] that's able to produce Bija.
:'''Araja:''' However, I don't remember the location, nor am I able to leave Vanarana's dream, so it's all up to Arama to find it.
:'''Arama:''' Worry not. Like Nara (Traveler) and Paimon would say, "I got this!"
:{{DIcon}} You got this!
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon's confused. You said that you can't leave, Araja. Can't you go to places in a jiffy like Arama?
:{{DIcon}} Araja, what do you mean you "can't leave"...?
:'''Araja:''' I've been limited to moving only in Vanarana's dreams since a long, long time ago.
:'''Araja:''' A "Tree of Dreams" is required to anchor a dream this big, and I became that tree so everyone would have a home.
:'''Paimon:''' How can this be...
:'''Araja:''' What's the matter, Paimon? It's a good thing for me to house so many big dreams and be with everyone.
:'''Arama:''' Yeah, I want to be a great Aranara like Araja when I grow up, hosting many dreams like a tree with many leaves!
:{{DIcon}} Aranara have a different way of thinking...
::'''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon gets it...
::'''Paimon:''' Well, that eccentric Aranara we met before also said that Bija is yielded from the extraction of memories and dreams.
:{{DIcon}} We met an odd Aranara once...
::'''Paimon:''' Yes. It said that Bija is yielded from the extraction of memories and dreams.
:'''Paimon:''' Is that true? Can Aranara lose their memory?
:'''Araja:''' That's probably the case... but I can no longer recall it now.
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} So what should we do now?
:'''Arama:''' You got a lot of flowers during the festival, right, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon?
:'''Paimon:''' Not just during the festival! We got some from Aranakin, Aragaru, and Aranaga too...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wishes they could remember all the adventures we had together...
:'''Arama:''' Don't worry, no memories will be lost! The forest will remember, just like the rivers emptying into the sea, before being turned into the rain splashing down unto the earth.
:'''Arama:''' Give me all the flowers, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
:{{DIcon}} No way!
:'''Paimon:''' They're mementos of Aranara's friendship and are precious to us. What do you need them for, Arama?
:'''Arama:''' I'm putting my flowers and theirs together!
:'''Paimon:''' Since you put it that way, Arama...

:'''You hand Arama all of the flowers.'''

:'''Arama weaves a garland out of the flowers, including its own, and puts it on your head.'''

;(The Traveler wears a flower wreath on their head)
:'''Paimon:''' This is...
:'''Araja:''' Oh, it's so pretty. It looks great on you, Nara (Traveler)!
:'''Araja:''' This garland represents the blessings that we Aranara, as well as all of Vanarana, want to bestow upon our favorite Nara.
:'''Araja:''' Unlike you Nara, we Aranara can communicate in our dreams.
:'''Araja:''' Any sadness can be shared among all Aranara to soften its blow, and we share our joys as well.
:'''Arama:''' When Nara (Traveler) wears the garland, we'll be able to share the load on your mind, and we can protect you when you have nightmares.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
::'''Arama:''' I should be thanking you, Nara (Traveler), for accepting our flowers! That gives us greater joy than soaking in the sun, drinking sweet water, and dreaming nice things.
:{{DIcon}} I'll accept it.
::'''Arama:''' Thank you, Nara (Traveler), for accepting our flowers! That gives us greater joy than soaking in the sun, drinking sweet water, and dreaming nice things.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wants a garland too!
:'''Araja:''' I doubt that's necessary.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Why not?
:'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler) will be facing many great dangers and experiencing great sadness. We can ward off some of {{MC|m=his|f=her}} nightmares through the garland.
:'''Arama:''' On the other hand, Nara (Traveler) will protect Paimon from nightmares. You will always be together and will share both joy and sorrow.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right. We're the best of friends, after all!
:{{DIcon}} So what should we do now?
:'''Arama:''' We're going to offer the [[Vasoma Fruit]] at the Fane of Ashvattha. Then we can produce the Bija with Arana!
:'''Arama:''' I have studied you Nara before. Unlike Aranara, you have to "sleep" when the moon is up, and you come out only after the sun has risen.
:'''Arama:''' Would you like to sleep, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon?
:'''Paimon:''' Now that you mention it, Paimon's pretty bushed from all the fun today.
:'''Araja:''' You can rest in my house, if you'd like. Vanarana will guard your dreams.
:{{DIcon}} I'll take the offer. I'm feeling rather tired.
:{{DIcon}} Well, since Paimon's exhausted...
;(Obtain [[Garland]])

;(Talk to Araja again)
:'''Araja:''' You go get some rest. I want to stay and reminisce a little.

;(Talk to Arasudraka, optional)
:'''Arasudraka:''' Golden Nara, I hope you have many difficulties in your adventure, and you overcome all of them. This way, you will create many stories, and the stories can become beautiful songs!

;(Talk to Arakavi, optional)
:'''Arakavi:''' Nara (Traveler), we will not forget you. Even if we are no longer here one day, the forest will not forget. Even if the forest disappears one day, the earth will remember.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Paimon seems to have had a lot of fun at Festival Utsava and is pretty tired out. Though Aranara can't really understand what "rest" is, a nap should be needed for what's coming.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Arama in Araja's house)
:'''Arama:''' Actually, I've been wanting to ask you something. Why do Nara sleep?
:{{DIcon}} Because it brings us comfort.
:{{DIcon}} I don't know. I think sleeping is a waste of time.
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? Don't you think sleep is pretty comfortable, (Traveler)?
:'''Arama:''' I see! Aranara "hibernate" only when a great, great danger is present. We turn into tiny seeds and go into dreamless slumbers.
:'''Arama:''' But we will be isolated from others, and that's rather scary. Not to mention having to accumulate a lot of memories to change back into our previous forms...
:'''Arama:''' But you Nara are different. You must sleep often, and that's the only way you can dream. Dreams are precious, so I understand... But it is strange. You have had very few dreams lately, big Nara...
:'''Arama:''' Regardless, you can sleep here without worries. We will guard your dreams and stop bad things like [[Vanagni]] from getting in.
:'''Paimon:''' Sounds good, but...
:'''Paimon:''' Gah, you and your mentions of dreams... Paimon almost feels like meeting you and spending the festival with you might just all be a dream Paimon had after eating those mushrooms, and that all this will vanish once Paimon wakes up...
:'''Paimon:''' Will we still see you when we wake up?
:'''Arama:''' Of course!
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Good night!
:{{DIcon}} See you tomorrow, Arama.
::'''Arama:''' Farewell!

:'''You fall into a deep sleep...'''
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* In ''[[For the Children of the Past]]'', it is revealed that the unknown Aranara met here is [[Aramuhukunda]].
* Utsava (Sanskrit: उत्सव, lit. 'special occasion'), also referred to as Utsavam, generally means a festival or celebration or any joyous occasion, mostly associated with Hinduism.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1 = https://youtu.be/p9UvbcdjoVY
|caption1 = Quick Guide: Festival Utsava
}}
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Festival Utsava
|zhs     = 「无忧节」
|zhs_rm  = "Wúyōu-jié"
|zht     = 「無憂節」
|zht_rm  = "Wúyōu-jié"
|zh_tl   = "Worriless Festival"
|ja      = 「ウツァヴ祭」
|ja_rm   = "Utsavu-sai"
|ja_tl   = "Utsava Festival"
|ko      = 「우트사바 축제」
|ko_rm   = "Uteusaba Chukje"
|ko_tl   = "Utsava Festival"
|es      = Festival Utsava
|fr      = Festival Utsava
|ru      = Праздник Утсава
|ru_tl   = Utsava Festival
|th      = เทศกาลไร้อาวรณ์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lễ Hội Utsava
|vi_tl   = Utsava Festival
|de      = „Utsava-Fest“
|de_tl   = "Utsava Festival"
|id      = Festival Utsava
|pt      = Festival Utsava
|tr      = Utsava Festivali
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Festival di Utsava
|it_tl   = Festival of Utsava
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:El Festival Utsava]]
[[pt-br:Festival Utsava]]