{{Stub|images}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Lore
|region       = Liyue
}}
'''Fetor''' refers to the energy that leaks out when the border between life and death is disrupted. It is a symptom of death encroaching on the world of the living, and thus has negative effects on living beings.

Fetor is not [[Abyss]]al or [[god|divine]] in origin. According to [[Chongyun]], it is also distinct from "evil spirits," and according to [[Baizhu]], [[Changsheng]]'s secret art does not affect it. As Liyue's "border between life and death" is likely unique to the region, fetor likely is as well.<ref name="Calamity">{{Ref/Quest|Liyue Celebrates and Eight Adepts Face a Hidden Calamity}}</ref><ref name="Troops">{{Ref/Quest|The Funeral Parlor Has No Master, Yujing Terrace Calls the Troops}}</ref>

==Overview==
Fetor leaks into the world of the living whenever the border is disturbed. When this occurs, it is the responsibility of the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] to burn it away with their secret technique, the [[Mystic Arts in Teyvat#Art of Homa|Art of Homa]]. Most leaks are minor and are easily dealt with by the Funeral Parlor, but if a major leak occurs, the only way to remove the fetor may be to purify the entire border.

Fetor is easily absorbed by the body and, like Abyssal energy, seems to remain indefinitely. In humans, it greatly accelerates aging, which can cause fatigue, weakness, coma, and ultimately, death. For monsters, such as [[Hilichurls]], fetor seems to drive them into a frenzy. It is unclear whether they suffer the same consequences as humans. [[Qiqi]] is somewhat resistant to fetor,<ref name="Troops" /> implying that other [[zombie]]s are as well.

Fetor can accumulate to form Fetor Nodes; these can be temporarily dispelled with physical attacks.

[[Adepti]] are able to see fetor, while humans generally cannot. However, humans have reported feeling abnormally cold in the presence of fetor.<ref name="Troops" />

<!--
==Trivia==
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Fetor
|zhs      = 死气
|zhs_rm   = Sǐqì
|zht      = 死氣
|zht_rm   = Sǐqì
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 死気
|ja_rm    = Shiki<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Funeral Parlor Has No Master, Yujing Terrace Calls the Troops|note=Japanese voice-over}}</ref>
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 죽음<->의 기운
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Hálito de la muerte
|es_tl    = Breath of Death
|fr       = Fétidité
|fr_tl    = Fetor
|ru       = Дыхание смерти
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = กลิ่นอายความตาย
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tử khí
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Üblen Geruch
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Aura kematian
|id_tl    = Death Aura
|pt       = Fedor
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Ölüm enerjisi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Miasma
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}