{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73530
|image         = Event Quest Fight for Academic Reputation!.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Fayz Trials/2024-03-22
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Jami; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Gandha Hill]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Lokapala Jungle
|subarea       = Gandha Hill
|next          = Report the Experimental Data
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks [[The Great Fayz Reaction Debate]] Event.
}}
'''''Fight for Academic Reputation!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during [[The Great Fayz Reaction Debate]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Jami|the groaning researcher]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You meet a familiar-looking researcher sighing by the side of the road. Go ask him what's wrong.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Jami)
:'''Jami:''' Haha... *sigh*... Hahaha...
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, {{Traveler}}, this guy's laughing and crying at the same time... and he looks pretty familiar, doesn't he?
:'''Jami:''' Ah! It's been a while, you two. Do you still remember me?
:{{DIcon}} Err...
::'''Jami:''' It's me, Jami from Amurta! Inventor of the Fayz Potion! You know me!
:{{DIcon}} The one who's always sighing?
::'''Jami:''' Oh, so you remember that nickname... Yeah, it's me, Jami, the sighing Amurta researcher, shame of my school, and ashamed to this day to speak my name&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon thinks she remembers you now.
:'''Paimon:''' Is your research going well, then?
:'''Jami:''' Haha... Well... *sigh*
:{{DIcon}} Looks like that's a "no."
:'''Jami:''' No, no, thanks to you, my Fayz Potion research achieved rather impressive results.
:'''Jami:''' But I was so worried about disappointing my mentor... I never expected him to praise my work to the skies.
:'''Jami:''' "Ah, Jami, well done! A student I am proud of, indeed!"
:'''Paimon:''' Wait. Isn't that a good thing?
:'''Jami:''' It would have been good if we had just stopped there, sure... But what happened afterward was a true nightmare.
:{{DIcon}} And what happened, exactly?
:'''Jami:''' Maybe the data we got was *too* ideal, because my mentor, that smiling old fella with a wrinkly smile, got it into his head to "try it himself."
:'''Jami:''' So, I set the experimental site for him, and brewed up the most effective of Fayz Potions...
:'''Paimon:''' And...?
:'''Jami:''' And then... Under the watchful eyes of countless students, he boldly stood right in front of the monsters while drinking the potion and got ambushed for his trouble. They beat him in the blink of an eye...
:'''Jami:''' Fortunately, he's fine. He just needs some bed rest.
:'''Paimon:''' Pfft, hahaha!
:'''Jami:''' Hehe... *cough* Regardless, it was my lack of academic proficiency that embarrassed my mentor.
:'''Jami:''' That ill-tempered fogey then proceeded to blame me all the more for "not considering user needs" and "lacking awareness of practical circumstances." It was a real tongue-lashing, I'll tell you that.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, that's unreasonable! He's to blame too!
:'''Jami:''' Right? Anyway, that's why I'd like you two to&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Teach him a lesson?
:{{DIcon}} Bribe him?
:'''Jami:''' No, no! I've got no such ill intentions! Not right now, anyway!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, so you've had them "before," have you?
:'''Jami:''' Uh... That's... not super important right now.
:'''Jami:''' What I mean to say is that after reviewing previous experiments, I have come up with a "Long-Lasting Fayz Potion."
:'''Paimon:''' Err, and what's that supposed to do?
:'''Jami:''' I recalled my mentor's reaction when he was ambushed, and I suddenly realized that we ordinary people tend to freeze up in the face of danger, at a loss as to what to do...
:'''Jami:''' If you only drink the potion when you're already in danger, it might have no time to work on you.
:'''Jami:''' But this version is different. Once you've drunk it, it will trigger once you encounter danger, which can buy more time for normal folks.
:{{DIcon}} How can you tell if you're "in danger"?
:'''Jami:''' Didn't I say so earlier? Ordinary people will lock up when danger approaches. As long as you act normally after drinking the Long-Lasting Fayz Potion, it will not take effect.
:'''Jami:''' But once they freeze on the spot, the potion will kick in, slowing their "subjective" time.
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, so that's how it works. Paimon kinda gets it now. In that case... Are you asking us to help you complete your experiment?
:'''Jami:''' That's right. Although the Long-Lasting Fayz Potion was designed for ordinary people, experiments can still be risky, so it would be best to have someone with combat experience do the initial testing.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, let Paimon think. Should we help?
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon's suddenly a little hungry. We could use a meal at Lambad's Tavern, don't you think, {{Traveler}}? Do we have enough Mora for that?
:{{DIcon}} Hate to break it to you...
:{{DIcon}} We're over budget this month.
:'''Jami:''' *cough* Well, to tell the truth, despite the tongue-lashing, my mentor did grant me a considerable amount of research funding. I would be willing to pay handsomely...
:'''Paimon:''' In that case, let us lend you our aid!
:'''Jami:''' Thank you so much! Please, save me from my shattered academic reputation!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Fight for Academic Reputation!
|zhs      = 为学术声誉而战
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 為學術聲譽而戰
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 学術的名誉のために戦おう
|ja_rm    = Gakujutsuteki Meiyo no Tame ni Tatakaou!
|ja_tl    = Let's Fight for Academic Reputation!
|ko       = 학술 명예를 위하여
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = La batalla por la reputación académica
|es_tl    = The Battle for Academic Reputation
|fr       = Lutte pour la réputation académique !
|fr_tl    = Fight for Academic Reputation!
|ru       = Научная репутация на кону
|ru_tl    = Scientific Reputation at Stake
|th       = สู้เพื่อเกียรติยศของวิชาการ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Đấu Tranh Vì Danh Tiếng Học Thuật
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ein Kampf um den akademischen Ruf
|de_tl    = A Fight for Academic Reputation
|id       = Bertempur demi Kemuliaan Akademis
|id_tl    = Fight for the Glory of Academics
|pt       = Lute por Reputação Acadêmica!
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Akademik İtibar İçin Savaş!
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Lotta per la reputazione accademica!
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

[[pt-br:Lute por Reputação Acadêmica!]]
[[ru:Научная репутация на кону]]