{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74683
|image         = Event Quest Filmmaking Notes.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Traveler; Xavier
|startLocation = [[Café Lutece]], [[Court of Fontaine]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|next          = A Time-Tested Friendship
|rewards       = Primogem*10;Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Reel Ad-Venture]] event
|event_name    = Reel Ad-Venture
}}
'''''Filmmaking Notes''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Reel Ad-Venture]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Xavier]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Reunite with an old friend at [[Café Lutece]]...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Xavier)
:'''Xavier:''' Ho, we meet again, my gallant adventurer friend!
:{{DIcon}} Hello, my gallant film producer friend.
:{{DIcon}} Long time no see, Xavier.
:'''Xavier:''' How've you been recently?
:{{DIcon}} How've you been recently?
:'''Xavier:''' Oho, we're in sync! The mark of a friendship that has withstood the test of time, surely? But since I was a little faster, why don't we start with you?
:{{DIcon}} Same as always, working for the [[Adventurers' Guild]].
:{{DIcon}} With a little bit of saving the world on the side.
:'''Xavier:''' Haha, composed as always, I see. Were it anyone else, I'd call {{MC|m=him|f=her}} out for pulling my leg. But with you, I know it's all true.
:'''Xavier:''' As for me, things are the same as always &mdash; wrap shooting for one film, and it's time to start prepping for the next...
:'''Xavier:''' Recently, I've had this idea for an adventure plot &mdash; a group of people who start as strangers, but are forced to travel together after an accident to overcome a slew of trials and thrills...
:'''Xavier:''' Hmm, I haven't decided what sorts of thrills exactly, but things will go well enough for them to grow into heroes. As for the ending...
:'''Xavier:''' ...It's also undecided! Maybe our heroes shall go their separate ways, or blaze a trail into the realm of sequels.
:'''Xavier:''' I've got a few plot ideas besides that one. Frankly, I feel like I have a whole sea of them in my head that tips over every time I lie down at night, drowning me in inspiration.
:'''Xavier:''' On the one hand, I am sleep-deprived. But on the other, I'll never run out of great ideas for as long as I live.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like everything's going smoothly.
:'''Xavier:''' Well, not everything. There's always funding and sponsorships...
:'''Xavier:''' Sometimes, I'll run into generous sponsors with great taste or get opportunities like the [[Fontinalia Film Festival]], but those big breaks are few and far between, so I've had to think of my own solutions.
:{{DIcon}} Do you need any help?
:'''Xavier:''' Oho? Thanks for the concern &mdash; but no, I'm in no dire need of special assistance.
:'''Xavier:''' I'd avoid resorting to a friend's kindness to achieve my dream as much as possible. All I need from a friend are their kind regards, and to keep in touch.
:'''Xavier:''' I'll figure out some way to solve my financial problems. For instance, I'm helping my sponsors shoot some commercials. It doesn't pay very much, but it's a good source of stable income.
:{{DIcon}} Commercials?
:'''Xavier:''' Yes, ever since film became popular, many merchants and organizations have developed a taste for this new innovative marketing method. They'll go to someone with a plan, and have them help shoot the film.
:'''Xavier:''' Rather than focusing on narrative elements, a commercial needs to capture the audience's attention quickly, so they are faster-paced, and we filmmakers need to be more creative with our methods.
:'''Xavier:''' Oh... and the sponsors themselves are full of ideas, not all of them good. Some give contradictory suggestions, while others are befuddlingly unreasonable...
:'''Xavier:''' Ha, don't let anyone else hear a word of that, though.
:{{DIcon}} That sounds rough.
:'''Xavier:''' It's alright. There's a price to be paid for creating the stories I truly want to. It's like eating seafood &mdash; can't get at that sweet meat within without cracking the shell, can you? Don't worry about me.
:'''Xavier:''' Also, if you thought my previous examples were absurd, you should've seen the sponsor who insisted that I have my thriller film protagonist, a tough, no-nonsense guy, show up in the film's opening chugging a carton of their baby milk...
:'''Xavier:''' More commercials shot on the side means fewer product placements in my films... Put that way, commercial shootings seem like a much more pleasant option.
:'''Xavier:''' Ah, yes. Now that I think about it, there is a little something I could use your help with. Interested?
:{{DIcon}} What is it?
:'''Xavier:''' Well, it's been an age and a half since we last worked together. We shot tons of good films then, and if memory serves, you quite enjoyed the process too!
:'''Xavier:''' Want to try making a commercial together this time? They're quite different from films, but they have charms all their own.
:'''Xavier:''' I shot all the needed material beforehand, so you won't have to run around filming new scenes. All we need to do is add a little creative spice to the editing...
:{{DIcon}} So this is post-production and editing?
:{{DIcon}} If you need creative spice, you've come to the right person!
:'''Xavier:''' Great! In that case, come find me when you have time. Don't worry about the final product. I just want to do something meaningful with an old friend, and if anything comes up with the sponsors, I'll handle it.
:'''Xavier:''' Besides, commercials are meant to be interesting! Let us follow our muses and go with the flow. Who knows? Things might turn out better than we think!

;(Talk to Xavier again, optional)
:'''Xavier:''' Don't worry about the final product. I just want to do something meaningful with an old friend, and if anything comes up with the sponsors, I'll handle it.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Filmmaking Notes
|zhs      = 映影制作札记
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 映影製作札記
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 映影制作の思い出
|ja_rm    = Eiei Seisaku no Omoide{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 광고 제작기
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Notas de la kinografía
|es_tl    = Kinography Notes
|fr       = Notes de production
|fr_tl    = Production Notes
|ru       = Заметки режиссёра
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = จดหมายเหตุการถ่ายทำ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Ghi Chú Chế Tạo Phim
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Notizen zum Filmemachen
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Catatan Pembuatan Film
|id_tl    = Film Production Notes
|pt       = Anotações de Filmagem
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Prodüksiyon Notları
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Appunti regia
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.4}}

[[ru:Заметки режиссёра]]