{{Chapter Infobox
|image         = Film Notes Chapter.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
}}
'''Film Notes''' is a [[World Quest]] Series in [[Inazuma]].

Requirements: {{Quest|Omnipresence Over Mortals;"The Seventh Samurai"|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}

==List of Quests==
# [["Outlander Brigade!"]]
# [[Mushounin]]

==Summary==
The Traveler runs into [[Furuta]] at the [[Kamisato Estate]]. She mentions how [[Xavier]] was not satisfied with the film he had produced and had come to the [[Yashiro Commission]] for help. [[Kamisato Ayato|Ayato]] agreed to his request and sent [[Koharu]] to help. After meeting with the Traveler, Xavier offers them the role of {{MC|male|female|mc=1}} lead. They are then handed a script and begin filming. After finishing up, Xavier mentions how disappointed he was with how [[Sasano]] and Koharu performed, causing them both to quit. After the devastating loss, Xavier heads to the [[Uyuu Restaurant]] with the Traveler following shortly after. After enjoying a meal with Xavier, Uyuu's proprietor [[Okazaki Rikuto]] reads the script and offers his advice, causing Xavier to rework the entire thing. 

The Traveler then finds both Koharu and Sasano, asking them once again perform in the film. After the group reconvenes at the [[Komore Teahouse]], they look over the new script and leave to film again. Xavier, finally satisfied with the scene moves onto filming the next one at [[Nazuchi Beach]]. All goes smoothly and the film is finally recorded.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Film Notes Chapter|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Film Notes Chapter Quests}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Film Notes
|zhs     = 映影书写札记
|zhs_rm  = Yìngyǐng Shūxiě Zhájì
|zht     = 映影書寫札記
|zht_rm  = Yìngyǐng Shūxiě Zhájì
|zh_tl   = Written Film Notes
|ja      = 映影が残す思い出
|ja_rm   = Eiei ga Nokosu Omoide<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Xavier|note=Idle Quote, Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl   = Memories the Film Left Behind
|ko      = 활동 사진 기록 노트
|ko_tl   = Film Record Note
|es      = Notas kinográficas
|es_tl   = Kinographic Notes
|fr      = Notes de film
|fr_tl   = Film Notes
|ru      = Журнал кинематографиста
|ru_tl   = Cinematographer's Diary
|th      = จดหมายเหตุภาพยนตร์
|th_rm   = Chodmaihed Phabpayon
|th_tl   = Film Archives
|vi      = Ghi Chú Về Phim
|vi_tl   = Film Notes
|de      = Drehbuchnotizen
|de_tl   = Screenplay Notes
|id      = Buku Harian Penulis Film
|id_tl   = Diary of the Film Writer
|pt      = Notas Sobre Filmes
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Film Notları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Appunti in pellicola
|it_tl   = Film Notes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Notas kinográficas]]
[[vi:Ghi Chú Về Phim]]