{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74513
|image         = Finches Are Still the Cutest!.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Bing-Bang Finchball/2024-08-06
|group         = 
|chapter       = 
|actNum        = 
|act           = 
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Traveler; Paimon; Basima the Fifth
|startLocation = [[Romaritime Harbor]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Romaritime Harbor
|subarea       = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = no
}}
'''''Finches Are Still the Cutest!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Bing-Bang Finchball/2024-08-06]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Basima the Fifth]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Somewhere in Fontaine's Romaritime Harbor, you and Paimon run into a cheerful researcher-merchant who invites you to play a game...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Basima the Fifth)
:'''Basima the Fifth:''' Passing Travelers, I, Basima the Fifth, [[Amurta]] researcher, rising mercantile star of the Grand Bazaar and Romaritime Harbor alike, beseech thee not to leave too hastily...
:'''Basima the Fifth:''' Please. Relax thy body, clear thy mind, and listen closely, for I have a matter of utmost importance to share with you&mdash;
:'''Basima the Fifth:''' [[Finches]] are the cutest!
:'''Paimon:''' ?
:{{DIcon}} ?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, sure they are... But Miss Basima, you say you're a researcher... and a merchant, right? You should know saying something like that without any qualifications can lead to serious arguments!
:'''Paimon:''' Researchers are super cautious with their words, and merchants generally don't exaggerate too much, either... At least, that was Paimon's impression...
:'''Paimon:''' If you go around saying, "My theory is the best" or "My product is the greatest," isn't that just asking for anyone who doesn't buy it to do their best to discredit you?
:'''Paimon:''' Hang on, Paimon's getting a sense of déjà vu. It feels like we've had this conversation before...
:{{DIcon}} Well, then I've got something to add to that!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's the cutest!
:{{DIcon}} Period!
:'''Paimon:''' Wha&mdash; {{Traveler}}, that was really unexpected!
:'''Paimon:''' Even if it's not a joke, you shouldn't be so loud...
:'''Basima the Fifth:''' Hahaha! Now that's the spirit!
:'''Basima the Fifth:''' Of course I know that! There are no absolute "bests" in this world. Any academic theory can be overturned, and all products can be surpassed by new ones.
:'''Basima the Fifth:''' But no matter how the objective world changes, everyone has... people and things that they prize most highly &mdash; that they will hold most dear no matter what others say.
:'''Basima the Fifth:''' Those who are afraid of disapproval and who lose confidence in themselves will never become their best selves, and they'll never find someone who truly sees them!
:'''Basima the Fifth:''' Once you've tried my tabletop game "Bing-Bang Finchball", I'm sure you wouldn't hesitate to shout out "Finches are the cutest!"
:'''Paimon:''' Bing-bang... Finchball? You mean those things on the table beside you? Seems kinda familiar, somehow...
:'''Basima the Fifth:''' That's right, once you've played, you'll see for yourself just how adorable finches are!
:'''Basima the Fifth:''' I'm currently promoting this tabletop game. Those who get high enough scores can even win rewards!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, y'know what, Paimon finds Finches adorable too, so rewards aren't her top priority. The game just needs to be fun!
:'''Paimon:''' What do you think, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to give it a go, too!
:{{DIcon}} Let's see just how cute finches really are!
:'''Basima the Fifth:''' It seems we're on the same page &mdash; in which case, I hope you enjoy your experience to the fullest!
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Finches Are Still the Cutest!
|zhs      = 团雀依然最可爱
|zhs_rm   = Tuánquè Yīrán Zuì Kě'ài
|zht      = 團雀依然最可愛
|zht_rm   = Tuánquè Yīrán Zuì Kě'ài
|zh_tl    = {{Lex|Finches|zh}} Are Still the Cutest
|ja       = やっぱりヤマガラが一番可愛い！
|ja_rm    = Yappari Yamagara ga Ichiban Kawaii!
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 세상에서 제일 귀여운 건, 여전히 참새랍니다!
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¡Los pinzones, tan adorables como siempre!
|es_tl    = The Finches, So Adorable as Always!
|fr       = Des pinsons toujours si mignons !
|fr_tl    = Finches Still So Cute!
|ru       = Зяблики милее всех на свете!
|ru_tl    = Finches Are the Cutest of All in the World!
|th       = นกกระจอกยังคงน่ารักที่สุด
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Chim Sẻ Vẫn Là Đáng Yêu Nhất
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Der Fink ist immer noch der niedlichste!
|de_tl    = The Finch Is Still the Cutest!
|id       = Finch Masih Tetap Paling Lucu
|id_tl    = Finches Are Still the Cutest
|pt       = Passarinhos Continuam Super Fofinhos!
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Hâlâ Serçelerden Sevimlisi Yok!
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = I tordi sono sempre i più carini!
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[ru:Зяблики милее всех на свете!]]
[[vi:Chim Sẻ Vẫn Là Đáng Yêu Nhất]]