{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest Fine Wine From Yesterday.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|event_name    = Of Drink A-Dreaming
|summary       = Diluc stops by Angel's Share and requests a drink served by the Traveler.
|requirement   = Complete [[Of Drink A-Dreaming (Quest)]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = 
|primogems     = 30
|mora          = 20,000
|other         = 
|characters    = Diluc; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Fine Wine From Yesterday''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Drink A-Dreaming]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Luka]] and enter the tavern
# Head to the counter and get ready to open for business
# Talk to [[Diluc]]
# Mix Diluc the specified drink
#* "Now, could you make me a Gray Valley Sunset, then? I'll leave the size up to you."
# Give the drink to Diluc

==Gameplay Notes==
* "Now, could you make me a Gray Valley Sunset, then? I'll leave the size up to you."
** {{Ingredient|Juice|3<!--exactly-->}} in any size cup

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"Just now, I saw Master Diluc enter the tavern in a rush."<br />"Oh? Is Master Diluc going to mix drinks personally today? Can't miss out on this one... Come on, help me up."}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Another familiar face has arrived at the tavern.'''

;(Talk to Diluc)
:{{A|vo eqtj003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's Master Diluc! What brings you here? Do you have nothing to do today?
:{{A|vo eqtj003 1 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Heh, me? "Nothing to do"? Don't count on it. I heard you two were working as bartenders, so I thought I'd drop by to see how you're coming along.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you really do catch wind of things quickly!
:{{A|vo eqtj003 1 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' So, tell me, (Traveler). How do you like being a bartender?
:{{DIcon}} Actually, we just started...
:{{A|vo eqtj003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, it's still a little too early to tell. We haven't been at it for very long.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 1 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Just tell me your initial feelings.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 1 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Excited? Confused? Anything. How does it feel to be a bartender?
:{{DIcon}} It's a new experience.
:{{DIcon}} It's been a little hectic.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 1 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I see.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, didn't you want to ask Paimon, too?
:{{A|vo eqtj003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's initial feeling is... drinks taste good!
:{{A|vo eqtj003 1 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...
:{{A|vo eqtj003 1 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Good. I'm happy for you.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 1 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Now, could you make me a Gray Valley Sunset, then? I'll leave the size up to you.
:{{DIcon}} Sure, I'll get that started for you.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 1 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Great, take your time.
----
;(If the drink was not made correctly)
:{{A|Vo eqtj002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, this doesn't look like the drink they ordered. Just give this one to Paimon and try making another.

;(After making the drink correctly)
:'''Traveler:''' (Alright, this drink is looking good.)
----
;(After making the drink)
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Mmm. Not bad, not bad at all.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's all about the ingredients! If the fruit are fresh and juicy, then the drink will naturally be sweet and tasty without adding anything extra.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Sounds like I should thank the soil of Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It just so happens that Gray Valley Sunset is the first drink I ever mixed.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I was still quite young. My father laid out several ingredients and told me to experiment with them.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' No requirements and no instruction. In hindsight, he probably just wanted to test my creativity.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' In the end, I just made a glass of fruit punch, much like this one.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? But why fruit punch?
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' My [[Crepus|father]] was equally surprised. I didn't really put much thought into it, I just figured that it would taste sweet.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Looking back on it, I was so young and naive.
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't be so sure.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Oh?
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure your father thought it was a good drink.
:{{DIcon}} He must have enjoyed it.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 diluc 10.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I've never thought about it, I suppose... My father didn't say a word at the time.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 diluc 11.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' But, thank you.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 diluc 12.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' By the way, there's something I'd like to give you.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 diluc 13.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' But, I suppose it's better to wait until you have more experience with your bartender job. I have no doubt that you'll do very well.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And Paimon will... uh, be rooting for you! Hehe.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 diluc 14.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Very well. Then, I look forward to seeing your good work. See you around.
:{{A|vo eqtj003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come back soon when you have a minute!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fine Wine From Yesterday
|zhs     = 昨日佳酿
|zhs_rm  = Zuórì Jiāniàng
|zht     = 昨日佳釀
|zht_rm  = Zuórì Jiāniàng
|zh_tl   = Yesterday's Excellent Wine
|ja      = 昨日の美酒
|ja_rm   = Kinou no Bishu
|ja_tl   = High-grade Sake of Yesterday
|ko      = 지난 날의 좋은 술
|ko_rm   = Jinan Nal-ui Joeun Sul
|ko_tl   = Fine Alcohol From Past
|es      = Vino añejo
|es_tl   = Vintage Wine
|fr      = Du bon vin d'hier
|fr_tl   = Fine Wine From Yesterday
|ru      = Изысканное вино вчерашнего дня
|ru_tl   = Refined Wine of Yesterday
|th      = ไวน์ของวันวาน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Wine of Yesterday
|vi      = Rượu Ngon Trong Quá Khứ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Edler Wein von gestern
|de_tl   = Fine Wine From Yesterday
|id      = Anggur Berkualitas Hari Kemarin
|id_tl   = Fine Grape From Yesterday
|pt      = Bom Vinho de Ontem
|pt_tl   = Fine Wine From Yesterday
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[pt-br:Bom Vinho de Ontem]]
[[ru:Изысканное вино вчерашнего дня]]