{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19047
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Yun Jin
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Song That Knows Grace
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Countryside Wandering
|characters    = Yun Jin; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''First Glimpse of Meaning''' is a quest in [[Yun Jin]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[A Song That Knows Grace]].

==Steps==
# Wait for the next morning to meet up (06:00 – 08:00)
# Go to the agreed-upon place for your lesson
# Talk to Yun Jin
# Head to the northern outskirts of Liyue Harbor
# Talk to Yun Jin
# Defeat the nearby opponents
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Geo Slime*2;Large Geo Slime}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Geovishap Hatchling*2}}
# Talk to Yun Jin
# Break the red scarecrows
# Talk to Yun Jin
# Go to the stage that Yun Jin has set up
# Talk to Yun Jin
# Break all the red scarecrows while avoiding the blue ones
#* The party is locked to only the [[Traveler]]
#* Time limit: 65 seconds
# Talk to Yun Jin

==Gameplay Notes==
*Destroying all the red scarecrows without hitting any of the blue ones grants the ''[[Memories of the Heart]]'' achievement ''[[A Strict Master Trains a Talented Pupil]]''.

==Dialogue==
===Immersive Performance===
{{Quest Description|Yun Jin wandered into a perilous place while searching for inspiration, and would have been in trouble if not for your intervention. To thank you, she agrees to teach you some acting techniques...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Good. You're right on time.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Punctuality is an essential quality if you want to make it big in the acting world.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Without it, you won't be able to keep on top of all the work you need to do each day.
:{{DIcon}} So where should we start?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Well... first, I'd like you to answer me one question.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' {{Color|buzzword|How many pigeons}} flew from the bridge when you were passing through?
:{{DIcon}} Six.
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Close. It was seven.
:{{DIcon}} Seven.
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Huh? Yes, that's right... I'm amazed. Are you this good at everything...
:{{DIcon}} Eight.
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Close. It was seven.

;(If there were no pigeons at the bridge)
::{{DIcon}} I didn't notice any pigeons...
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Oh... Perhaps someone scared them off before you arrived?
::{{DIcon}} I... have no idea...
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm... Alright, never mind. We'll come back to that another time.

:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Anyway. The point of this question was to test your powers of observation.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 11.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Eyes are the medium for the transfer of emotion. You must train your eyes to be bright, active, and strong.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 12.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Watching the birds fly off, hover around, and come into land will not only exercise your eyesight but also cultivate attentiveness.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 13.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Indeed, my own daily training routine starts right here. I watch the pigeons to train my eyes, and I sing to the tide to train my voice.
:{{DIcon}} So next I need to train my voice?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 14.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' All in good time. Grasping all the techniques involved in opera singing and posture is not an overnight process
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 15.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Let's start from the very beginning, with some general theories to help you better understand the concept of performance.
:{{DIcon}} General theories?
:{{DIcon}} The concept of performance?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 16.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Of course. I am in written correspondence with performers from many nations in Teyvat, which has rather broadened my perspective on this topic.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 17.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' For example... Hmm... Let's start with something simple.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 18.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' How would you perform yourself?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 19.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Try to relive the events of that day when you were battling against an ancient god and fighting off the Fatui. What can you see? What did you feel?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 20.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Now, I want you to look out at the ocean in front of you, and recall the raging waves and the atmosphere of peril from that day...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 21.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Take a deep breath... now, gradually, embrace the scene, immerse yourself in it... and let all the emotions back in...
:{{DIcon}} The rage I felt trying to fend off the Fatui.
:{{DIcon}} The fear of being overwhelmed by an evil god.
:{{DIcon}} The camaraderie of fighting alongside trusted companions.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 22.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Good, good... so that's how you felt...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 23.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Next, I'd like you to focus on the goal you wanted to achieve at that time...
:{{DIcon}} To survive and continue my journey.
:{{DIcon}} To protect Liyue and my friends.
:{{DIcon}} To defeat the opposing god and Fatui forces.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 24.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Good, yes, use that...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 25.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Okay. Good! Now! All of this overwhelming emotion is welling up inside of you, and I want you to let it all out! All at once! Go!
:{{DIcon}} Fa-la-laaaa...
:{{DIcon}} Ha-ha-haaaa...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 26.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Stop!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 27.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Wrong. This is all wrong. There's no emotion, no soul...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 28.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Granted, the character you are trying to portray is your own self, but your performance didn't do the scene justice at all.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 29.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I couldn't hear you fighting for your life while gargantuan waves were crashing all around you. What I heard was the sound of someone doing vocal exercises by the beach on a calm day.
:{{DIcon}} If I may, we are by the beach, and it is a calm day.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 30.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Here's the thing. When you're acting, it's not only about getting into character — you also have to recreate the scene in your mind, as vividly as you can.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 31.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm... Now, I appreciate that you did actually experience this particular scene for yourself, but...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 32.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Maybe conjuring up specific details of your surroundings at the time is a little too advanced for novices?
:{{DIcon}} Well, it was a life-and-death situation...
:{{DIcon}} It was a pretty rare experience, even for me...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 33.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm, you're right. If we were looking for an environment to help evoke the emotions you felt at the time...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 34.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I suppose we could try again a little farther afield, at Guyun Stone Forest...
:{{DIcon}} N—No need to go all the way out there!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 35.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Oh? Too far away?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 36.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Don't worry. I was just thinking aloud. Besides, even at Guyun Stone Forest, we'd still have trouble recreating the state of the sea that day.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 37.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Let's try something else. Come with me to the suburbs just {{Color|buzzword|north of Liyue Harbor}}.
:{{DIcon}} (Sounds closer than Guyun Stone Forest, at least...)
:{{DIcon}} (It's not too far from Liyue Harbor...)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904701 yunjin 38.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' If you've got no objections, then let's head off.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Well-Honed Performance===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(At the location)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904702 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' The battle you fought on the Jade Chamber was a very strange set of circumstances, even for someone like you. It's quite normal that you can't get into character just like that.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904702 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I know it's hard to recreate every facet of the experience in your mind.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904702 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But what you could try is to replace the foes you faced in that scenario with ones you are much more familiar with.
:{{DIcon}} What do you mean, "replace"?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904702 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I'll give you an example. Let's say you're performing a scene where your character experiences the grief and pain of a death, but you yourself have never experienced this kind of tragic loss before.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904702 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Well, you can replace "death" with another, more familiar, scenario that evokes a similar sense of grief and pain for you. Such as... um...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904702 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' You bust a gut trying to find a treasure chest, only to finally reach it and find it filled with Cabbages and Radishes.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, the pain! The pain of it all!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904702 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Ah! Now you're catching on.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904702 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Action scenes work the same way. Perhaps the experience of facing an ancient god is a challenge to recreate...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904702 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But if you're replaying the kind of actions you perform every day, you just need to let go and your subconscious will guide you through.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904702 yunjin 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Come, show me how you normally fight — you can start with {{Color|buzzword|monsters}} nearby.

;(Talk to Yun Jin, optional)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904750 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Don't overthink it. Just fight like you normally do.

----

;(At the start of the battle)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904751 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' They're coming. Just do what you'd normally do in this situation.

;(After the battle)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904703 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Oh, that was wonderful! Such deft and fluid movements...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904703 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Just like a real adventurer!
:{{DIcon}} I am a real adventurer...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904703 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Let's perform the scene again now, while the battle is still fresh in your mind.

:'''''Yun Jin gets set up nearby...'''''

:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904703 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Look at those red-clad scarecrows — but I want you to see them instead as those Fatui who brandish the Sacrificial Knives...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904703 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Come, (Traveler). Let us reenact the battle on the Jade Chamber.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904703 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It's okay if you can't recall the events clearly. You can just replace them with the movements you are most familiar with...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904703 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' And... attack, (Traveler)! "The three adepti are manning the Guizhong Ballistas. Do not let the Fatui disturb their work!"

;(Talk to Yun Jin, optional)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904752 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' "The three adepti are manning the Guizhong Ballistas. Do not let the Fatui disturb their work!"
----
;(After the training)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm...
:{{DIcon}} H-how did it go?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I can't fault your movements in terms of technique...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But Fatui are larger than most monsters.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I don't think it was a conscious decision, but you were aiming a little too low, and you also didn't strike with enough force. Overall, it was just lacking that sense of being in the heat of the battle.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Veteran practitioners of this acting method are able to adjust and embellish their real life experience enough so that it makes an adequate substitute for the scene they are trying to portray.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But adjusting deep-rooted habits to adapt them for the stage... that's no easy task.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, it doesn't sound easy...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Still, this was only your first time trying this method and all things considered, I think you've done quite well.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But judging from your movements, I think this next method might suit you a little better.
:{{DIcon}} What is it?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Choreograph every aspect of your onstage performance in advance — every movement, every facial expression, even your emotions — and rehearse it thoroughly.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' You can reference existing characters from opera or imitate similar people from your own life...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 11.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' In short, you want to pin down every detail of the character you want to portray in your mind, and then work through them methodically and find ways to bring them out.
:{{DIcon}} I don't fully understand...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 12.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Well... In your case, what you need to do is imitate your past self.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 13.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Think of yourself not as you, but as somebody outside this world controlling your every move...
:{{DIcon}} That's even harder to understand!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 14.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Heh. It's complicated to explain, but once you give it a try, I think you'll get the hang of it.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 15.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Okay, how about we start by setting a simple scenario.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 16.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' The Fatui in red want to attack the Guizhong Ballista and the heavyweight guards in blue want to try and stop you.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 17.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' What you want to do is {{Color|buzzword|evade all the blues}} and {{Color|buzzword|go straight for the reds}}...

:'''''Yun Jin tells you the various details...'''''

:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 18.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...Yes, I think that sums it up.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 19.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' There's an open area {{Color|buzzword|to the north}}. I'll set up a stage for you.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904704 yunjin 20.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' When you've finished rehearsing everything in your mind, come and find me.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Meticulous Performance===
{{Quest Description|update|Under Yun Jin's careful tutelage, you start to grasp the basics of performing...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Yun Jin)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904705 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Well? Have you finished rehearsing?
:{{DIcon}} What was I supposed to be doing again...
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904705 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Um... basically, you need to {{Color|buzzword|break}} all the {{Color|buzzword|red scarecrows}} while {{Color|buzzword|avoiding the blue ones}}.
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready. I think.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904705 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' No need to rush. Take your time.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904705 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I shall guide you with my voice...
----
;(While you are breaking red scarecrows)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904754 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' (Translated) Thus did it transpire:
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904754 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' (Translated) Ten thousand swords could stay not {{MC|his|her|mc=1}} advance.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904754 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' (Translated) Eschewing blue, {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} once more ventured through their ranks.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904754 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' (Translated) "Commander down, red coattails torn in twain!"
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904754 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' (Translated) They fled in terror, peace restored again.

;(If time runs out)
:;(Return to the previous step)

;(If you break blue scarecrow)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904753 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Wrong, wrong, wrong! Start again!
:;(Return to the previous step)
----
;(After the training)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Now that was a little better! You managed to bring out more of that "fearless hero" quality that time.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm-hmm. My hard work coaching you has finally paid off.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' This method might not sound as sophisticated and exciting as the first two, but it's the most popular choice for teaching beginners.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Rigorous rehearsal and vocal training is at the core of this school of thought. It even works on those whose performance lacks emotional depth at first.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' As long as you practice diligently, with time, you will achieve mastery one way or another. Either your finely honed skills become a good substitute for innate talent, or the process of honing your skills cultivates genuine talent within you.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' People say that when you truly master the art of singing, even the birds and beasts will be drawn to your song.
:{{DIcon}} That's amazing!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I know. Looks like I still have a long road ahead of me when it comes to developing as a performer...
:{{DIcon}}Couldn't you have gone with the beginner's method first?
:{{DIcon}} Why on earth didn't you start with this one?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Well, because... even if I had, you wouldn't have put your heart into it.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It's been written on your face this whole time: "Just try and keep her occupied until the next show."
:{{DIcon}} Was it that obvious...?
:{{DIcon}} I thought I was doing a good job of hiding it...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm-hmm, don't forget that acting is my bread and butter. Did you really think I wouldn't be able to see through it?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 11.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Still, this is a rare opportunity and I hope you have at least learned something from it about the beauty of the performing arts.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 12.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' The operatic tradition carries countless historical memories within it. As long as the art is kept alive, the voices and faces of bygone heroes can be recreated on the stage for generation after generation.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 13.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' (Traveler), I hope that your voice and your face will make their mark on Liyue opera, too.
:{{DIcon}} My voice and face...?
:{{DIcon}} Make a mark on Liyue opera?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 14.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yes. As well as coaching you today, I have also been closely observing every movement you make.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 15.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Do you remember the basics of the final method?
:{{DIcon}} Reference existing characters from opera...
:{{DIcon}} Imitate similar people from your own life...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 16.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Don't you think there's a striking similarity between you, who stood up for Liyue and fought off a god of old, and the divine damsel in the play?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 17.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' With you as a reference in mind, I'm sure I can finally make a breakthrough in creating my own adaptation of this character.
:{{DIcon}} Studying me can help you achieve a breakthrough?
:{{DIcon}} So why was your first method to go and put yourself in danger?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 18.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Because as far as I'm concerned, the immersion method, drawing on life experiences, and imitating others are all valuable acting methods.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 19.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Even if my every movement is rehearsed to perfection, I can't move the audience without conveying emotion.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 20.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' And even if I fully master the character's emotions, a little choreography will help make the performance more polished and appealing.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 21.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Whatever the method is, as long as it offers something that can improve my performance, I will always give it a try.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 22.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Thank you for trying them out as well, (Traveler). It means a lot to me.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 23.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' And congratulations on making it to the end of your first acting class!
:{{DIcon}} When's my graduation ceremony?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 24.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Graduation ceremony? Hah, I'm afraid that's still a long way in the future.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 25.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' For now, I hope to incorporate part of you into my performance of the divine damsel. But one day... I hope to write an opera all about you...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 26.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' When that day comes, I hope you will be able to join me on stage, and give me some constructive criticism.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 27.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It'll take a lot of hard work to reach the point where you're ready to go on stage... but I'll be here to keep you on track every step of the way.
:{{DIcon}} You're such a strict teacher.
:{{DIcon}} You're a demanding coach.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 28.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Ugh, here we go again, so old-fashioned...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 29.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Then again, I suppose I will have to give you a lot of instruction along the way.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 30.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' And if I won't let you call me master, teacher, or coach, I've got to think of something you can call me...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 31.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Ah! I've got it. You can call me...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904706 yunjin 32.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' "Mentor." What do you think?
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: The Cast Contemplates the Play's Meaning===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = The Cast Contemplates the Play's Meaning
|character       = Yun Jin
|act             = 1
|description=Train a little harder today, that some day you might perform on the same stage.}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = First Glimpse of Meaning
|zhs     = 初窥戏中意
|zhs_rm  = Chūkuī Xì Zhòngyì
|zht     = 初窺戲中意
|zht_rm  = Chūkuī Xì Zhòngyì
|zh_tl   = First Glimpse of the Show
|ja      = 劇の奥秘に触れる
|ja_rm   = Geki no Ouhi ni Fureru
|ja_tl   = Touching Upon the Secrets of the Play
|ko      = 처음 느낀 리월극의 의미
|ko_rm   = Cheoeum Neukkin Riwolgeuk-ui Uimi
|ko_tl   = First Felt Meaning of Liyue Play
|es      = Una primera introducción
|es_tl   = A First Introduction
|fr      = Un premier aperçu
|fr_tl   = A First Glimpse
|ru      = Первый проблеск понимания
|ru_tl   = First Glimpse of Understanding
|th      = สัมผัสจุดเริ่มต้นของการแสดง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thoáng Qua Ý Trong Kịch
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der erste Blick auf die Bedeutung
|de_tl   = The First Glimpse of Meaning
|id      = Sekilas Makna yang Tersirat
|id_tl   = A Glimpse of Implicit Meaning
|pt      = Primeira Olhadela no Significado
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Anlamlı İlk Bakış
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un barlume di significato
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}