{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest First Miasmic Contact.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = The Chasm Delvers
|summary       = Investigate the mysterious environs beneath the stone and take pictures related to the black mud.
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Zhiqiong; Yelan
|startLocation = [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
|prev          = Chasm Spelunkers
|next          = Chasm Spelunkers
|exp           = 200
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
}}
'''First Miasmic Contact''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[The Chasm]], [[Liyue]]. It is part of [[The Chasm Delvers]] World Quest Series.

==Steps==
# Head to investigate the site of the first anomaly
# Defeat the monsters influenced by the dark mud
#* {{Enemy List|Pyro Abyss Mage;Hydro Abyss Mage|#*}}
# Head to investigate the site of the second anomaly

==Notes==
* The tunnel with the dark mud leads to the [[The Serpent's Cave]].
* [[Yelan]] makes a cameo in this quest.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Investigate the mysterious environs beneath the stone and take pictures related to the black mud.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the site of the first anomaly)
:'''Zhiqiong:''' This is the place, take a few pictures, if you would.

;(After taking a photo)
:'''Paimon:''' This looks like that dark-thingamajig that we saw earlier...
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Eh? Have you seen this before?
:'''Paimon:''' That's right, and Jinwu told us to warn you to be careful, too! And did you listen? Nooo...

;(Monsters appear)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no! Monsters incoming!

;(After defeating the monsters)
:'''Zhiqiong:''' *cough* *cough* Something's amiss. There weren't monsters here before. Does this strange black substance attract nearby creatures?

;(Approach the site of the second anomaly)
:'''Zhiqiong:''' This should be the second place... Eh? Where did it go?
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Well, fine. Since anomaly here is gone, keep following me through the tunnels.

;(Arrive at the site of the second anomaly)
;(The group glimpses a [[Yelan|suspicious figure]] leaving the area)
;(Quest ends)

:'''Paimon:''' Eek! Who was that? Did you see that?
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Ack! *cough* *cough* No, I didn't! Anyway, stop shouting, you scared me half to death!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wasn't being very noisy...

;(Approach the backpack near the Teleport Waypoint ahead) (optional)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like that person left some stuff behind...
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Hmm, the campfire is still warm. This place was recently used.
:'''Zhiqiong:''' Might've been the Treasure Hoarders. They show up just about everywhere.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/VdkYX09RPSY
|caption1 = First Miasmic Contact Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = First Miasmic Contact
|zhs     = 初识暗渊毒瘴现
|zhs_rm  = Chū Shì Àn Yuān Dú Zhàng Xiàn
|zht     = 初識暗淵毒瘴現
|zht_rm  = Chū Shì Àn Yuān Dú Zhàng Xiàn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 深淵瘴気と初の対面
|ja_rm   = Shin'en Shouki to Hatsu no Taimen
|ja_tl   = First Contact With Abyssal Miasma
|ko      = 암연 독기와의 첫 대면
|ko_rm   = Amyeon Dokkkiwa Cheot Daemyeon
|ko_tl   = First Miasmic Contact
|es      = Primer contacto miasmático
|es_tl   = First Miasmic Contact
|fr      = Premier contact miasmique
|fr_tl   = First Miasmic Contact
|ru      = Первая встреча с миазмами
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เผชิญหน้าพิษร้ายหุบเหวมืดครั้งแรก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lần Đầu Xuống Vực Gặp Chướng Khí
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Auftauchen des schwarzen Schlamms
|de_tl   = Appearance of the Black Slime
|id      = Kontak Miasmik Pertama
|id_tl   = First Miasmic Contact
|pt      = Primeiro Contato com Miasmas
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[pt-br:Primeiro Contato com Miasmas]]