{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Fischl
|id             = 368119
|image          = Character Fischl Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Fischl:''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]]. When spoken to, [[Oz]] will also appear from a flash of feathers and [[Electro]] to join in the conversation.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
*"The threads of fate..."
*"Mine Auge der Verurteilung..."
*"One has observed..."
*"The Immernachtreich..."
*"My dear familiar..."
When the player is nearby:
*"Ah, it is you."
*"Wayfarer of a world beyond."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo fischl mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ah, it is you, (Traveler), the wayfarer of a world beyond whose fate crosses mine own.
:{{A|vo fischl mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Dost thou wish to present any tidings to the Prinzessin before thee?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I behold the magnificent vistas of three thousand worlds and am intimately acquainted with the threads of past and future.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Feebly does the expanse that appears before me endeavor to capture my attention.
::{{DIcon}} You're very particular.
:::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship1 03a.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hmph. No mortal lifetime bears the imagination required to fathom the collective phenomena experienced by the Prinzessin.
::{{DIcon}} As long as you like it.
:::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship1 03b.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' For a mortal domicile, it offers a modicum of respite.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' This place is but a grain of sand in the shadow of my Immernachtreich.
::{{A|vo oz mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' But mein Fräulein, you previously said that you wished to stay here for a while.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship1 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship1 05b.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' That... that was but to demonstrate solidarity for (him/her) as a kindred soul of the outrealm!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Stalled have I the inexorable march of time and veiled the omnipresent gaze of fate.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Traveler from beyond, the sovereign Prinzessin shall arbitrate the discord of thine heart!
::{{A|vo oz mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' What mein Fräulein means is that she happens to be free right now.
::{{A|vo oz mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' If there is something on your mind, she is happy to listen.
::{{DIcon}} Actually, I want to know if anything is bothering you, Fischl.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Preposterous! I am the Prinzessin der Verurteilung! What mortal follies could venture to imprint themselves upon my psyche?
::{{A|vo oz mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' When I was out on reconnaissance, didn't the new recruits from the Adventurers' Guild joke about you since they couldn't understand what you were saying?
::{{A|vo oz mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Oz:''' I remember that you were distressed about this, mein Fräulein.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Nonsense! How could I be perturbed by such trifling antics from my retinue?
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Alas, I lament that those neophytes lack semblance to you, traveler from an outer world, the one delivered before me by the threads of fate.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' The one who perceives the truth and meaning of my declarations.
::{{DIcon}} You offer a surfeit of praise.
::{{DIcon}} I am honored to understand you.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Yes, indeed do I perceive rightly...
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' By my regard, should Oz be conducting reconnaissance on my behalf, I grant you permission to remain in my propinquity.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Now, relay the will of the Prinzessin to her attendants!
::{{A|vo oz mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Frankly, I also think this is a good idea.
::{{DIcon}} What if my understanding is off?
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Allay all doubt, for you are the one that I, the Prinzessin, have personally appointed. Hesitate not and proclaim my decrees to this world's denizens!
::{{DIcon}} If you two say so...
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' So shall it be.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Rejoice! That wanton brume of devilry hath dissipated beneath my immaculate radiance!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Stars cast from the celestial tapestry are the final moments of an hourglass.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Tremors erupting from the earth are the dying echoes of an ancient god's heart.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Shall I usher in this world's desolate finale with none save my own shadow?
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Oh, blessed one...
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' You... Would you accompany me to witness this world's end and greet the descension of eternal night?
::{{A|vo oz mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' What mein Fräulein means to say is...
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' O&mdash;Oz!
::{{DIcon}} No worries, I understand...
::{{DIcon}} I will be at your side.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' W&mdash;Wait, really? Are you serious?
::{{A|vo oz mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' M&mdash;Mein Fräulein...
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ah! Ahem...!
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Very good! Allow me to offer resplendent blessings to illuminate your fated travels!
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I, Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort...
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Along with my familiar of the night, Ozvaldo Hrafnavins, will safeguard your path ahead, for fate has revealed to me that this be decreed!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Fischl.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' The furtive shades of our destinies intertwine themselves beneath hallowed light. Should tenebrous forces obscure thine path, you may call out my name in humble supplication.
::{{A|vo oz mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein says, "Good morning, the sun is quite fine today. If you encounter any difficulties, please call for me."
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Fischl.
::{{A|vo fischl mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Profess tribute, for this space is exalted by my consecration. None shall interfere with your repose.
::{{A|vo oz mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein says, "Good night. May you have sweet dreams."
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Amidst Poetic Pondering===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md fischl study 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Most endearing!
:{{A|vo mimitomo md fischl study 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Who would've thought that one might find such a study outside treasure trove of the magus-custodian of books...? It is worthy of one's extended stay, and may invoke seven blessings of the Prinzessin out of ten!
:{{A|vo mimitomo md oz study 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' What mein Fräulein means to say is that most of the literature in this study is of interest to her.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Iter Ad Astra Abyssosque===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md fischl adventure 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hee-hee! One has witnessed how you have poured your heart and soul into the pursuit of the heavens and Abyssal Moon.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md fischl adventure 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Travelers, their appetite for adventure insatiable... Surely do they leave the most brilliant marks upon this paradise.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md oz adventure 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein means that she enjoys the style of adventurer camps. She never grows tired of it.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Фишль/Компаньон]]