{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Fishing Point
|tab3 = Gallery
}}
{{Tabs|subpages=0|class=custom-tabs-secondary
|tab1     = Fishing/Fishing Point/Mondstadt
|tab1name = Mondstadt
|tab2     = Fishing/Fishing Point/Liyue
|tab2name = Liyue
|tab3     = Fishing/Fishing Point/Inazuma
|tab3name = Inazuma
|tab4     = Fishing/Fishing Point/Sumeru
|tab4name = Sumeru
|tab5     = Fishing/Fishing Point/Fontaine
|tab5name = Fontaine
|tab6     = Fishing/Fishing Point/Natlan
|tab6name = Natlan
}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|title        = Fishing Point
|image        = Tutorial System Fishing 1.png
|type         = Game Systems
}}
<section begin="intro"/>'''Fishing Points''' are locations where [[fishing]] is possible.<section end="intro"/> The player will not be able to fish if they are currently in combat and/or the [[Traveler]] has fallen.

Walking, swimming, or sailing with the [[Waverider]] into a Fishing Point will scare the fish, causing them to disappear and be replaced by small bubble effects. Fish will reappear shortly after the disturbance leaves the Fishing Point's area.

A wide ripple effect of the Fishing Point's diameter indicates that fish are present at this spot. The effect will disappear once all its available fish have been caught, and will return once at least one fish has respawned. New fish will '''[[Reset|respawn every 72 hours]]'''.

Every fishing point has 2 sets of spawns, which may contain different types of fish:
* '''Night:''' Between the hours of '''18:00 – 06:00''', based on in-game time.
* '''Day:''' Between the hours of '''06:00 – 18:00''', based on in-game time.

While most fishing points contain an assortment of common fish, certain fishing points contain unique types of fish that are exclusive to that location:
* [[Fishing Point/Dragonspine|Dragonspine]]: {{Item|Snowstrider}}
* [[Fishing Point/Mt. Aocang|Mt. Aocang]]: {{Item|Abiding Angelfish}}
* [[Fishing Point/Tatarasuna|Tatarasuna]]: {{Item|Raimei Angelfish}}
* [[Fishing Point/Mawtiyima Forest|Mawtiyima Forest]]: {{Item|Peach of the Deep Waves}}
* [[Fishing Point/West Slopes of Mont Automnequi|West Slopes of Mont Automnequi]]: {{Item|Maintenance Mek: Platinum Collection|}}

==Fishing Points by Region==
* [[/Mondstadt|Mondstadt]]
* [[/Liyue|Liyue]]
* [[/Inazuma|Inazuma]]
* [[/Sumeru|Sumeru]]
* [[/Fontaine|Fontaine]]
* [[/Natlan|Natlan]]

==Trivia==
* The detection range for scaring fish has no vertical limit: it is possible to scare the point's fish by gliding way above the Fishing Point. This is most easily tested at the [[Fishing Point/Aaru Village|Aaru Village Fishing Point]].
* [[Fontemer Aberrant]]s in Fontaine do not scare the Fishing Point's fish.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox}}

[[ja:釣り/釣り場]]
[[pt-br:Pesca/Pontos de Pesca]]
[[ru:Места для рыбалки]]
[[uk:Рибальство/Місця для рибальства]]
[[vi:Câu Cá/Điểm Câu Cá]]