{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22004
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Fishing Jiangxue.png
|region        = Liyue
|npc           = Jiangxue
|summary       = Jiangxue asks the Traveler to fend off monsters so he may fish peacefully. However, a Ruin Hunter attacks them and Jiangxue must take care of it himself.
|startLocation = [[Dihua Marsh]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Jiangxue; Paimon; Traveler
|other         = 
*Grants the achievement [[A Nourishing Friendship]] if [[Yanxiao's Dilemma]] has also been completed.
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}

'''Fishing Jiangxue''' is a daily [[commission]] that occurs in [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Jiangxue]]
# Defeat opponents
#* Wave 1:
#**{{Enemy List|Dendro Samachurl;Hilichurl Berserker;Rock Shield Hilichurl Guard*2|#**}}
#* Wave 2:
#** {{Enemy List|Hydro Samachurl;Wooden Shield Mitachurl*2|#**}}
#* Wave 3:
#** {{Enemy|Ruin Hunter|x=1}}
#** The Ruin Hunter is invincible. The player must wait for Jiangxue to defeat it.
# Talk to Jiangxue

==Notes==
* This commission is one of the requirements for the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[A Nourishing Friendship]]," alongside [[Yanxiao's Dilemma]].

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Jiangxue is fishing by himself, but it seems like he's waiting for something to happen...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Jiangxue)
:'''Jiangxue:''' I hope I catch something eventually...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Jiangxue:''' Preparing to reel in the biggest catch you've ever seen!
:'''Jiangxue:''' I have a friend who enjoys cooking. If I catch a nice big fish for him, I bet it'll make him happy.
:'''Jiangxue:''' The only thing is, monsters keep stirring up trouble here, which disturbs the fish.
:'''Jiangxue:''' I sense strong elemental power in you. Would you be willing to deal with the monsters for me, so I can finally catch that fish?
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Jiangxue:''' Thank you.
:{{DIcon}} How can you tell?
::'''Jiangxue:''' I once had a [[Vision]], too. I don't bother using it anymore, but I can still [[Elemental Sight|sense elemental power]] when I want to.
::'''Jiangxue:''' With the power of the elements on your side, these monsters should be a piece of cake for you.
:'''Paimon:''' But how do you know when the monsters will get here?
:'''Jiangxue:''' Seeing is believing. Look out behind you.
:'''Paimon:''' Hah! That's the oldest trick in the book–
----
;(During Combat Wave 1)
:'''Paimon:''' Yikes! Where did they all come from!? This just makes no sense...
:'''Jiangxue:''' Strange thing to say. Monsters don't belong to humanity; why would they abide by human ideas of what makes sense?
:'''Jiangxue:''' I know monsters, and I understand how they think. That's why I can predict their behavior.
----
;(During Combat Wave 2)
:'''Paimon:''' That's how you know when they're going to turn up!
:'''Jiangxue:''' You can't use human logic to predict monsters' behavior. You have to use monster logic.
:'''Jiangxue:''' I know monsters, and I understand how they think. That's why I can predict their behavior.
----
;(During Combat Wave 3)
:'''Paimon:''' This one seems like a tough nut to crack...
:'''Paimon:''' I think we might have bitten off more than we can chew with this one!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh great, our new friend just carries on fishing like nothing's wrong!
:'''Jiangxue:''' Hmm... It seems like this fish will have to wait.
:'''Jiangxue:''' Close your eyes and stand back.
;(Cut to black)
----
;(Talk to Jiangxue)
:'''Paimon:''' You... you got them! But Paimon didn't see you lift a finger...
:'''Paimon:''' Who ARE you?
:'''Jiangxue:''' Just a fisherman.
:{{DIcon}} Hmm... This doesn't add up.
:'''Jiangxue:''' You're right, it doesn't. Lots of things in this world don't add up.
:'''Jiangxue:''' The [[Smiley Yanxiao|chef]] from the inn, for example. He used to be a sword fighter, now he loves to cook. He's stony-faced but has a heart of gold.
:'''Jiangxue:''' And the [[Verr Goldet|boss]]. She's a Mondstadter, but nobody from Mondstadt knows her.
:'''Jiangxue:''' And... you. You don't have a Vision, yet you can still use elemental power.
:'''Jiangxue:''' Some things don't add up, but that doesn't always mean they are to be feared.
:'''Jiangxue:''' Take these as a token of my thanks. I want to carry on fishing now.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* In Chinese, the commission name is a reference to the poem "River Snow" {{Lang|zh=江雪|zh_rm=Jiāngxuě}} written by the Tang Dynasty poet {{w|Liu Zongyuan}}. The relevant lines read, "In a lone boat, an old man, in rain hat and straw raincoat / Fishing alone, in the cold river snow" {{Lang|zh=孤舟蓑笠翁，独钓寒江雪|zh_rm=gūzhōu suōlǐ-wēng, dúdiào hán jiāngxuě}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fishing Jiangxue
|zhs     = 独钓江雪
|zhs_rm  = Dúdiào Jiāngxuě
|zh_note = See also [[#Trivia|Trivia]].
|zht     = 獨釣江雪
|zht_rm  = Dúdiào Jiāngxuě
|zh_tl   = Lone-Fishing Jiangxue
|ja      = 江雪の魚釣り
|ja_rm   = Kousetsu no Sakanatsuri
|ja_tl   = The Fishing of Jiangxue
|ko      = 혼자 낚시하는 강설
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La solitaria pesca de Jiangxue
|es_tl   = The Lonely Fishing of Jiangxue
|fr      = Pêcheur solitaire
|fr_tl   = Solitary Fisherman
|ru      = Рыбак Цзян Сюэ
|ru_tl   = Fisherman Jiangxue
|th      = Jiangxue นักตกปลาผู้โดดเดี่ยว
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Jiangxue the Solitary Fisherman
|vi      = Jiangxue Câu Cá Một Mình
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Einsames Angeln
|de_tl   = Lonely Fishing
|id      = Jiangxue Sang Pemancing
|id_tl   = Jiangxue The Fisherman
|pt      = Pesca Solitária de Jiangxue
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|Standalone}}

[[es:La solitaria pesca de Jiangxue]]