{{EventTabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Five Flushes of Fortune
|image             = Five Flushes of Fortune.jpg
|type              = In-Game
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-02-03 04:00:00
|time_end          = 2021-02-13 03:59:59
|link2             = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/8496
}}
'''Five Flushes of Fortune''' is an [[event]] in [[Version 1.3]].

Travelers can claim a [[Kurious Kamera]] from [[Ji Tong]]. Equip the [[Kurious Kamera]] and take pictures of specific targets to obtain photos of different colors. Collect photos of five different colors and exchange them for a [[#Fortune Trove|Fortune Trove]] to obtain [[Primogems]], [[Hero's Wit]], [[Mystic Enhancement Ore]], and other rewards!

{{Quote|[[Ji Tong]] seems to be puzzling over a seemingly faulty [[Kamera]]. He had hoped it would lend a distinctive tone to his photos, but all it seems to produce is colorful nonsense...|[[Version 1.3]] Special Program}}

==Requirements==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20 and complete [[Ji Tong]]'s quest "[[Kurious Kamera (Quest)|Kurious Kamera]]".

==Event Duration==
On America and Europe servers, the event starts at Daily Reset, 2020-02-03 04:00:00. Asia server starts right after the [[Version 1.3]] maintenance.

==Event Details==
*This is a 10-day event.
**Over the first 7 days, Travelers will receive 10 sheets of film plus a color target each day and can exchange photos with friends.
**In the final 3 days, Travelers will be unable to take new pictures with the Kurious Kamera. However, Travelers will still be able to exchange existing photos with friends and exchange complete photo collections for rewards.
*After the event ends, other tasks that require the Kurious Kamera can be accepted from Ji Tong.
*Each day, you can only take photos of targets of the relevant color.
**You only have to aim at your subject, the Kamera will take snapshots automatically when a valid target is in the viewfinder.
**Each object can only by photographed once, but berries or chilies on bushes are considered individual objects.
**Due to the faulty Kamera, you will receive a random Color Photo, regardless of the actual subject's color.
*The Photo colors are: <span style="color:#ff7575;">'''Crimson'''</span>, <span style="color:#8296ea;">'''Ultramarine'''</span>, <span style="color:#e2daab;">'''Pale Gold'''</span>, <span style="color:#d27e52;">'''Ochre'''</span>, and <span style="color:#c26cd0;">'''Purple Aster'''</span>.
===Photo Swap===
During the event, you can swap photos with a friend. To do so, simply click on the respective button on the event menu screen to see your friend list and their Photo collections. (You may only have 50 photos in the receiving queue at one time)

As you only require a ''total'' of 8 Color Photos per color type each, any ninth or above image you take of a color is only useful for exchanging with friends.

You can have a total of 50 unclaimed gifted photos at any one time. Once you exceed 50 unclaimed photos, they will be deleted from your possession in order of when they were taken, beginning with the earliest unclaimed photo.

==Fortune Trove==
Collect a set of Color Photos of five different colors and exchange them for a Fortune Trove.

You can only claim a total of 8 Fortune Troves during the event, you can however claim as many as you can and are not limited to one claim per day.
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center;"
! colspan="4" | Rewards
|-
! Guaranteed
! colspan="3" | Possible
|-
| style="vertical-align: top;" | {{Card|Primogem|60|rarity=5|show_caption=1}}
| style="vertical-align: top;" | {{Card|Hero's Wit|12|rarity=4|show_caption=1}}
| style="vertical-align: top;" | {{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|24|rarity=3|show_caption=1}}
| style="vertical-align: top;" | {{Card|Mora|120,000|rarity=3|show_caption=1}}
|}

==Subjects==
===<span style="color:#ff7575;">Red</span> Photo Subjects===
====Items====
*[[Jueyun Chili]]
*[[Apple]]
*[[Windwheel Aster]]
*[[Silk Flower]]
*[[Sunsettia]]
*[[Carrot]]
*[[Valberry]]
*[[Flaming Flower Stamen]]
*[[Snapdragon]]
*[[Calla Lily]]
<!--Does not count: Crimson Agate-->

====Creatures====
*Various Pyro [[Common Enemies|Common]] and [[Elite Enemies]], and [[Bosses]]:
**[[Pyro Slime]]
**[[Large Pyro Slime]]
**[[Large Dendro Slime]]
**[[Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer]]
**[[Fatui Pyro Agent]]
**[[Pyro Whopperflower]]
**[[Pyro Regisvine]] (Core, Corolla, and neck)
**[[Pyro Abyss Mage]]
**[[Pyro Hilichurl Shooter]]
**[[Hilichurl Berserker]]
**[[Hilichurl Grenadier]]
**[[Primo Geovishap]] (Pyro-infused)
*Various [[Wildlife]]:
**[[Lapis Glede]]
**[[Crimson Fox]]
**[[Squirrel]]
**[[Red-Tailed Weasel]]
**[[Sun Crab]]
**[[Red Horned Lizard]]
<!--To check: -->
<!--Does not count: Blazing Axe Mitachurl, TH: Pyro Potioneer, Golden Loach, Crimsonflank Pigeon-->

===<span style="color:#8296ea;">Blue</span> Photo Subjects===
====Items====
*[[Mist Flower Corolla]]
*[[Mint]]
*[[Dandelion Seed]]
*[[Starsilver]]
*[[Crystal Chunk]]
*[[Magical Crystal Chunk]]
*[[Small Lamp Grass]]
*[[Glaze Lily]]
*[[Noctilucous Jade]]
*[[Starconch]]

====Creatures====
*Various Hydro and Cryo [[Common Enemies|Common]] and [[Elite Enemies]]:
**[[Hydro Slime]]
**[[Large Hydro Slime]]
**[[Cryo Slime]]
**[[Hydro Cicin]]
**[[Cryo Cicin]]
**[[Fatui Cryo Cicin Mage]]
**[[Cryo Hilichurl Grenadier]]
**[[Cryo Hilichurl Shooter]]
**[[Cryo Samachurl]]
**[[Hydro Samachurl]]
**[[Frostarm Lawachurl]]
**[[Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire]]
**[[Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire]]
**[[Cryo Whopperflower]]
**[[Hydro Abyss Mage]]
**[[Cryo Abyss Mage]]
*Various [[Bosses]]:
**[[Cryo Regisvine]] (Core, Corolla, and neck)
**[[Andrius|Andrius, Dominator of Wolves]]
**[[Rhodeia of Loch|Oceanid and Hydro Mimics]]
**[[Anemo Hypostasis]]
**[[Primo Geovishap]] (Cryo-infused)
*Various [[Wildlife]]:
**[[Anemo Crystalfly]]
**[[Cryo Crystalfly]]
**[[Blue Horned Lizard]]
**[[Blue Frog]]
**[[Ocean Crab]]
<!--To check: Unusual Hilichurl, Treasure Hoarders: Hydro Potioneer, Emerald Finch-->
<!--Does not count: Ice Shield Hilichurl Guard, Treasure Hoarders: Cryo Potioneer, Treasure Hoarders - Crusher, Blue-Fin Bass, Blue Butterfly-->

===<span style="color:#f3db63;">Yellow</span> Photo Subjects===
====Items====
*[[Berry]]
*[[Cor Lapis]]
*[[Sweet Flower]]
*[[Mushroom]]
*[[Snapdragon]]
*[[Sunsettia]]
<!--Does not count: Cecilia, Philanemo Mushroom, Carrot, Calla Lily-->

===<span style="color:#d27e52;">Brown</span> Photo Subjects===
<!--====Items====
*[[Pinecone]]
*[[Matsutake]]

-->====Creatures====
*Various Geo [[Common Enemies|Common]] and [[Elite Enemies]] and [[Bosses]]:
**[[Geo Slime]]
**[[Large Geo Slime]]
**[[Geo Samachurl]]
**[[Stonehide Lawachurl]]
**[[Fatui Skirmisher - Geochanter Bracer]]
**[[Geovishap Hatchling]]
**[[Geovishap]]
**[[Primo Geovishap]]
**[[Geo Hypostasis]]
*Various [[Hilichurls]], mainly those with brown hair:
**[[Unarmed Hilichurl|Hilichurl]] (unarmed)
**[[Hilichurl Fighter]]
**[[Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard]]
**[[Rock Shield Hilichurl Guard]]
**[[Ice Shield Hilichurl Guard]]
**[[Hilichurl Shooter]]
**[[Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl]]
**[[Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl]]
**[[Ice Shieldwall Mitachurl]]
**[[Blazing Axe Mitachurl]]
**[[Stonehide Lawachurl]]
*Various [[Wildlife]]:
**[[Brownwing Falcon]]
**[[Umbertail Falcon]]
**[[Graywing Pigeon]]
**[[Crimson Fox]]
**[[Forest Boar]]
**[[Snowboar]] (can be still encased in ice)
**[[The Great Snowboar King]]
**[[Black-Back Hound]]
*[[Ruin Guard]] (only the ones you can fight)
*[[Ruin Hunter]]
*[[Ruin Grader]]
<!--To Test: Unusual Hilichurl, Crimsonflank Pigeon, Lapis Glede, Emerald Duck->
<!--Does not work: Geo Crystalfly, Sun Crab-->

===<span style="color:#c26cd0;">Purple</span> Photo Subjects===
<!--====Items====
*[[Electro Crystal]]
*[[Horsetail]]
*[[Wolfhook]]
*[[Violetgrass]]¡
-->
====Creatures====
*[[Electro Hilichurl Shooter]]
*[[Fatui Electro Cicin Mage]]
*[[Electro Slime]]
*[[Large Electro Slime]]
*[[Electro Hypostasis]]
*[[Primo Geovishap]] (Electro-infused)
*[[Electro Cicin]]
*[[Fatui Skirmisher - Electrohammer Vanguard]]

==Battle Pass Missions==
{{Battle Pass Missions
|name     = Lantern-Lit Sky
|mission1 = {{Color|[Event]}} Send or receive 1 photo in Five Flushes of Fortune
|exp1     = 1,200
|mission2 = {{Color|[Event]}} Claim 7 Fortune Troves in Five Flushes of Fortune
|exp2     = 1,200
}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|Primogem = 480
|Mora = 20,000
|Adventurer's Experience = 8
|Special Kamera = 1
|sort = Primogem,Mora,Adventurer's Experience,Special Kamera
}}
Note: The following rewards depended on which Fortune Trove was chosen each day. See [[Five Flushes of Fortune#Fortune Trove]] for more information on rewards.
{{Event Rewards
|sort = Mora,Hero's Wit,Mystic Enhancement Ore
}}
{{Event Rewards
|type = Event Items
|Kurious Kamera = 1
|sort = Kurious Kamera
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Five Flushes of Fortune
|zhs     = 福至五彩
|zhs_rm  = Fú Zhì Wǔ Cǎi
|zht     = 福至五彩
|zht_rm  = Fú Zhì Wǔ Cǎi
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 五彩招福
|ja_rm   = Gosai Shoufuku
|ja_tl   = Five Colors Good Luck Charm
|ko      = 복을 부르는 오색
|ko_rm   = Bok-eul Bureuneun Osaek
|ko_tl   = Fortune Calling Five Colors
|es      = Fortuna multicolor
|es_tl   = Multicolored Fortune
|fr      = Les couleurs de la fortune
|fr_tl   = The Colors of Fortune
|ru      = Пять оттенков фортуны
|ru_tl   = Five Hues of Fortune
|th      = โชคลาภหลากสี
|th_rm   = Chok Lap Lak Si
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Phúc Lộc Ngũ Sắc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Freude in fünf Farben
|de_tl   = Joy in Five Colors
|id      = Lima Warna Keberuntungan
|id_tl   = Five Colors of Fortune
|pt      = Fortuna Multicolorida
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Şansın Renkleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = I colori della fortuna
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[fr:Les couleurs de la fortune]]
[[ja:五彩招福]]
[[ru:Пять оттенков фортуны]]