{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70800
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Invitation of Windblume
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Ode to Flower and Cloud]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland;Dragonspine
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]<br />[[Entombed City - Outskirts]], [[Dragonspine]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|characters    = Allan; Brook; Terrified Schuster; Traveler
}}
'''Flavor of the Month''' is a [[World Quests|world quest]] unlocked after completing [[Ode to Flower and Cloud]] in the [[Invitation of Windblume]] [[Events|event]].

==Steps==
This quest has two versions, depending on whether [[Trulla Chapter]] Act I: [[Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip]] has been completed.

'''Version 1: Have not completed Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip'''
#Talk to [[Brook]]
#Talk to [[Allan]]
#*He will be found in [[Brightcrown Canyon]].
#*Obtain {{Item|Fresh Raw Meat|20|x=1}}.
#Return to [[Springvale]] and talk to Brook
#Give a set of [[Dandelion Seed]]s to Brook

'''Version 2: Completed Mondstadt Gastronomy Trip'''
#Talk to [[Brook]]
#Go to [[Dragonspine]] and find [[Terrified Schuster|Schuster]]
#Light the fire
#Talk to Terrified Schuster
#*Obtain {{Item|High-Quality Chilled Meat|20|x=1}}.
#Return to Springvale and talk to Brook
#Give the Dandelion Seeds and [[Slime Condensate]] to Brook

==Notes==
* In Schuster's version, if the fire gets extinguished after being lit, it will return to the "Go to Dragonspine and find Schuster" step until the fire is lit again.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Brook from Springvale wants to create a new dish during the Windblume Festival.}}
===Version 1===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Brook)
:'''Brook:''' Why isn't he here yet...
:{{DIcon}} Is something wrong?
:'''Brook:''' Actually, I was planning to create a new dish based on the theme of the Windblume Festival &mdash; specifically, the "taste of the wind," and I'm currently preparing the necessary ingredients.
:'''Brook:''' I commissioned Allan to help me go to Brightcrown Canyon to hunt for the freshest meat, but he hasn't returned yet, even after so long...
:'''Brook:''' At this rate, my ingredients won't be fresh any longer. Could you help me go to Brightcrown Canyon to see what the situation's like?
:{{DIcon}} I've got you covered.
:'''Brook:''' Thanks! I'll let you try out my new dish once you return!

;(Talk to Brook again)
:'''Brook:''' This dish must evoke the Windblume Festival somehow...
----
;(Talk to Allan)
:'''Allan:''' I... I'm saved... Thank you so much.
:'''Allan:''' I never thought that hunting one forest boar could get this hairy...
:{{DIcon}} So, about the ingredients Brook wants...
:'''Allan:''' Oh, did Brook send you? Well, I do have the fresh Raw Meat she wants with me.
:'''Allan:''' But I got careless while pursuing the boar and alerted the nearby monsters by mistake.
:'''Allan:''' I got what I came for, but I was also surrounded by monsters...
:'''Allan:''' Could you deliver the meat to Brook, Traveler? I need to go into the city and get my wounds treated at the Cathedral first...
:'''Allan:''' *sigh* Ah, Draff is going to give me an earful again, I just know it...
:;(Obtain [[Fresh Raw Meat]] ×1)
----
;(Return to Brook)
:'''Brook:''' Ah, you're back. Have you brought the Raw Meat with you?
:{{DIcon}} Got it right here.
:'''Brook:''' Hmm, let me see... It does seem very fresh indeed. I think this will do. This meat will serve as our main ingredient... Now we just need some condiment that brings out the "taste of the wind"...
:'''Brook:''' And when we're talking about that... We can only be speaking of "Dandelion Seeds."
:'''Brook:''' Could you help me gather some Dandelion Seeds, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:'''Brook:''' Great! I'll leave it to you then. I'm going to prepare this meat in the meantime. Once you've gathered those Dandelion Seeds, just bring them straight back to me.

;(Talk to Brook again)
:'''Brook:''' Do you have the Dandelion Seeds ready?
:;(Opens the submission screen)

;(After giving Dandelion Seed ×1)
:'''Brook:''' Thank you. Everything's ready now.
:'''Brook:''' Ah, right. This is for you. Please consider it my thanks for your help.
:'''Brook:''' But how should we prepare this food such that it will take up the "taste of the wind"?
:'''Brook:''' Cooking, frying... Hmm, no, perhaps we should place the original flavor of the ingredients front and center, before scattering the Dandelion Seeds on once the dish is ready...

===Version 2===
;(Talk to Brook)
:'''Brook:''' Why isn't he here yet...
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:'''Brook:''' You're... Oh, I remember you. You were [[Xiangling]]'s assistant, weren't you?
:'''Brook:''' The memories of our culinary duel are still fresh in my mind.
:'''Brook:''' I may have lost to her the last time, but this time, I will create a dish that has the "taste of the wind." Then I'll take it and ask her for a rematch!
:'''Brook:''' I specially commissioned an adventurer to help me go to Dragonspine and obtain some Chilled Meat for this dish.
:'''Brook:''' However, that adventurer ─ Schuster was his name, I think ─ has yet to return...
:'''Brook:''' I've heard that Dragonspine is a very dangerous place. I wonder if he might have run into some trouble... Could you help me search for him?
:{{DIcon}} I could do that, no problem.
:'''Brook:''' Thanks for your willingness to help. Make sure to light some fires to keep warm. Dragonspine is very cold, after all.

;(Talk to Brook again)
:'''Brook:''' I've heard of [[Chilled Meat]] from other chefs as well. It's said that this type of meat has a unique flavor...
:'''Brook:''' With these ingredients, I hope to make a dish that has some of that boom-shaka-laka...
----
;(Go to Dragonspine and find Schuster)
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' C&mdash;Cold... Why is it s&mdash;so cold...
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' C&mdash;Can someone... Can someone help me make a fire?
;(Light a fire)
;(Talk to Terrified Schuster)
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' I&mdash;I've been revived...
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' Y&mdash;You lit the fire... Th&mdash;Thank you, good-hearted traveler... Thank you...
:{{DIcon}} Are you alright?
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' A little warmer, that's for sure. I'll be fine... I was originally commissioned to come here to obtain some Chilled Meat...
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' I started out trying to look for some on the outskirts of Dragonspine, but as I walked, I misplaced my tinder &mdash; and that was before I also got lost by mistake...
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' If you hadn't arrived, I don't know what I would've done. You have my thanks.
:{{DIcon}} So, what're you going to do about Brook's commission?
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' Ah, so Brook sent you to find me, huh... *sigh* She must be beside herself right now, I imagine. But as it stands I haven't the energy to travel all the way to give her this meat...
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' I'm so sorry to ask this of you, Traveler, but could you help me deliver this Chilled Meat to her?
:{{DIcon}} You can count on me.
:'''Terrified Schuster:''' Thank you so much. As for me, I need to head down that campsite in the foothills to get a bowl of hot soup...
:;(Obtain [[High-Quality Chilled Meat]])
----
;(Talk to Brook)
:'''Brook:''' Oh, you're back.
:{{DIcon}} Back with the meat, yes.
:'''Brook:''' Oh, that's great! Wait... what about Schuster? He isn't in trouble, is he?
:{{DIcon}} No, he should be alright.
:'''Brook:''' That's good. It's good that nothing serious happened. Once I've finished this dish, I should bring him a serving too, I think.
:'''Brook:''' Speaking of that, this Chilled Meat really is different from normal meat. Perhaps a dish made from it really will have that certain... boom shaka-laka...
:'''Brook:''' Still, I think that [[Dandelion Seed]]s will be needed to make something that bears the "taste of the wind".
:'''Brook:''' But if we only do that, I feel that the result wouldn't be much different from any normal meat-based cuisine. We need some sort of decisive condiment.
:'''Brook:''' Oh right! That's it! In truth, I've actually met [[Xiangling]] a few more times since our contest, and I heard about a dish known as Mushroom Slime Stew from her.
:'''Brook:''' I've never used such strange and curious ingredients before... However amazing dishes require equally unique ingredients.
:'''Brook:''' Traveler, if I might trouble you again, could you help me look for some [[Slime Condensate]] and some Dandelion Seeds?
:{{DIcon}} Sure thing.
:'''Brook:''' Great, I'm counting on you, then. I'll continue to ponder my recipe here.
----
;(Talk to Brook)
:'''Brook:''' Have you gotten the Slime Condensate and Dandelion Seeds ready?
:;(Opens the submission screen)

;(After giving Dandelion Seed ×1 and Slime Condensate ×1)
:'''Brook:''' Wonderful. Now we can truly begin. Thank you so much.
:'''Brook:''' With this Chilled Meat and these two ingredients, I will surely be able to make a dish with true boom-shaka-laka!
:'''Brook:''' Ah, yes, here's something. Take it as thanks for your help.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Flavor of the Month
|zhs     = 「风」味美食
|zhs_rm  = "Fēng" Wèi Měishí
|zht     = 「風」味美食
|zht_rm  = "Fēng" Wèi Měishí
|zh_tl   = "Wind" Flavored Gourmet Food
|ja      = 「風」味美食
|ja_rm   = "Kaze" Aji Bishoku
|ja_tl   = "Wind" Flavored Gourmet Food
|ko      = 「바람 내음」 맛 음식
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Delicias del viento
|es_tl   = Delights of the Wind
|fr      = Vol-au-vent
|fr_tl   = {{wt|vol-au-vent|Flight in the Wind}}
|ru      = Блюдо со вкусом ветра
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = รสชาติแห่ง "สายลม"
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ẩm Thực Vị "Gió"
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geschmack des Windes
|de_tl   = Flavor of the Wind
|id      = Hidangan dengan Rasa "Angin"
|id_tl   = Dish with Flavor of "Wind"
|pt      = Sabor do Mês
|pt_tl   = Flavor of the Month
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[pt-br:Sabor do Mês]]