{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19067
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Mondstadt
|chapter       = Noelle
|actNum        = I
|act           = Chivalric Training
|description   = Noelle, who aims to become a Knight of Favonius, has shared her troubles with you and hopes that you'll be able to help her with her chivalric training. To get the workaholic Noelle some rest, you suggest that the two of you have some tea and let loose a little...
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Maid-in-Training
|next          = Gift and Intent
|characters    = Beatrice; Noelle; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Fleeting Leisure''' is a quest in [[Noelle]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Chivalric Training]].

==Steps==
#Go to Good Hunter and take a little break

==Dialogue==
===A Breather===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After [[Maid-in-Training]] or directly starting from menu)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Are there any particular snacks you like? I can get started with &mdash;
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...Oh, no need? I should take a break...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, okay then... In that case, let's head to Good Hunter and have a look...
----
;(Approach Good Hunter)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 beatrice 01.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Noelle&mdash;
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' B&mdash;Bea...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' What happened? Is there something I can help you with?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 beatrice 02.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Quinn! He's ignoring me again...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Take your time, no rush. I'm here to help.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 beatrice 03.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' I... *whimpers* ...noticed Quinn was in a bad mood, so I wanted to call him over for a chat...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 beatrice 04.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' And... a date, I guess.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh? A d&mdash;date...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So it's... that kind of problem?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 beatrice 05.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Yes! I've been over to him several times today already...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 beatrice 06.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' But no matter how I try to make conversation, he just focuses on his stall and ignores me completely!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 beatrice 07.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Noelle, everyone in Mondstadt thinks you're really cute...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 beatrice 08.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' You must be really popular, right? Can you help me out...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ah! Of... of course! It's a maid's responsibility to help the residents of Mondstadt!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It's just... I... I don't have any experience in this area...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 beatrice 09.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' *sigh* ...Even Noelle can't help me...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Please, don't worry! I... Oh! We also have the Honorary Knight here!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Honorary Knight... can you help Bea?
:{{DIcon}} Didn't we say we were going to take a break?
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I&mdash;I'm so sorry!
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But as a maid of Favonius, I can't stand idly by when people are in need.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I'll do some serious planning and make sure we can have a day off together another time!
::{{DIcon}} So even a break requires serious planning...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 16.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Indeed. But today... can you help Bea come up with a solution?
::{{DIcon}} Well, if you insist...
:{{DIcon}} I'll certainly do my best...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 17.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh! Thank you!
:{{DIcon}} Let's analyze the situation first...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 18.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Okay! Bea said that Quinn always seems busy and ignores everything she says...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 19.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But... I know that she's often looking for small talk with Quinn...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe the frequent small talk...
:{{DIcon}} ...So Quinn feels that Bea has nothing important to say to him...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 20.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' That's... a possibility!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 21.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' In other words... we just need to make Quinn realize that this time is different.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 22.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' For example... by sending him a little gift. Even Quinn would realize the difference a gift would bring!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 23.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But what kind of gift...?
:{{DIcon}} It shouldn't matter, it's the thought that counts.
:;(-1 Heart)
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 24.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Are you sure? I still feel the choice of gift matters... no matter what kind of relationship two people share.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 25.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But, I don't have any experience in this area. I'm sure you're right.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 26.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Then... if the gift doesn't matter, the choices are limitless... I can't decide...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 27.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Do you have any ideas?
::{{DIcon}} Sending a [[Mondstadt Grilled Fish]] should be fine.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 28.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Huh... Will this really get his attention?
::;(Proceed to [[Gift and Intent#It's the Heart That Matters|Gift and Intent (It's the Heart That Matters)]])
:{{DIcon}} Gifts convey our intentions, we should choose carefully.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 29.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' That's what I think!
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 30.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Everyone has their preferences, so it's important to choose the right gift if you want to get through to them.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 31.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' If it were me, I'd want roses.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 32.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' As for you, Honorary Knight... hmm...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 33.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I bet you like handmade things...
::{{DIcon}} Roses and handmade things both sound nice.
::{{DIcon}} But let's think about what Quinn might like...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 34.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, yes! I... I just wanted to try thinking from a different perspective...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 35.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm... Quinn... What kind of gift would he like...?
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 36.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' If I remember correctly, isn't Quinn one of the Four Drunkards of Mondstadt...?
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 37.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Perhaps something wine-related would do, but what...?
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 38.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm, simply thinking about it isn't really helping...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906701 noelle 39.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Let's go to Marjorie's store and see what's available.
::;(Proceed to [[Gift and Intent#Sincerest of Gifts|Gift and Intent (Sincerest of Gifts)]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fleeting Leisure
|zhs     = 片刻闲暇
|zhs_rm  = Piànkè Xiánxiá
|zht     = 片刻閒暇
|zht_rm  = Piànkè Xiánxiá
|zh_tl   = A Moment of Leisure
|ja      = 暫しの息抜き
|ja_rm   = Shibashi no Ikinuki
|ja_tl   = Fleeting Leisure
|ko      = 짧은 휴식
|ko_rm   = Jjalbeun Hyusik
|ko_tl   = Short Rest
|es      = Un breve descanso
|es_tl   = A Short Rest
|fr      = Une pause de courte durée
|fr_tl   = Fleeting Leisure Time
|ru      = Небольшой перерыв
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ช่วงเวลาแห่งการพักผ่อน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Leisure Time
|vi      = Phút Giây Nghỉ Ngơi
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Vergängliche Muße
|de_tl   = Transient Leisures
|id      = Kenyamanan Sekejap
|id_tl   = Fleeting Comfort
|pt      = Lazer Fugaz
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}