{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20740
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|summary       = [[Flora]] wants help collecting fresh flowers to put on display for her store.
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|exp           = 100
|rep           = Mondstadt
|repAmt        = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}{{Card|Cecilia|5}}{{Card|Small Lamp Grass|5}}{{Card|Windwheel Aster|5}}
|characters    = Flora; Traveler
}}
'''Flighty Flora... and Flora''' is a World Quest that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
Start the quest by talking to [[Flora]] in [[Mondstadt]].
# Collect flowers for Flora
# Report to Flora
# Collect one portion of [[Dandelion Seed]]s
# Report to Flora

==Notes==
<!-- Any notes about the quests that do not pertain to the steps themselves. -->
*After the quest is completed, the flowers gathered will be displayed in front of Flora's shop with the option to "Touch" them. This prompts dialogue from either Flora or [[Donna]] during daytime or nighttime respectively.
*:'''Flora:''' Hey! Those flowers are for display only! If you want to buy flowers, come look over here.
*:'''Donna:''' Hey! Miss Flora set out those flowers, you can't just pick any you want!

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Flora]] from the flower shop in [[Mondstadt]] is quite upset... It seems that many of her flowers have suddenly been blown away by the wind. She's looking for someone who could help her...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Flora)
:'''Flora:''' Would you like to buy some flowers?  I'm afraid you've come at a bad time...
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:'''Flora:''' A lot of the flowers in my shop were blown away by that huge wind from before.
:'''Flora:''' Not only were the flowers on display outside blown away, but so were some that I had left near the storefront.
:'''Flora:''' I still have a fair bit of stock, but the flowers put on display are the prettiest ones. A lot of customers are attracted by them.
:'''Flora:''' Now, these flowers have been blown away, and I still need to clean up the store, so I won't be able to find time to pick new ones...
:'''Flora:''' Traveler, if you're willing, could you help me pick some fresh flowers?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Flora:''' Great! Still, you might need to pick quite a few...
::'''Flora:''' Let me see... First, please help me pick one sweet flower and one small lamp grass from the Whispering Woods.
::'''Flora:''' Then go to Windrise, and get me one windwheel aster.
::'''Flora:''' Finally, help me pick a Cecilia from Starsnatch Cliff.
::'''Flora:''' Please come back as soon as possible once you have them. If they wilt, they can't be displayed at the storefront.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, I'm busy right now...
::'''Flora:''' Alright then. I'll go get some myself once I can find the time.
::;(Cancels quest)

;(Talk to Flora again)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About those flowers...
:'''Flora:''' You can find small lamp grass and sweet flowers in the Whispering Woods. Windrise is where you'll find windwheel asters, and you can find cecilias on Starsnatch Cliff.
:'''Flora:''' You can definitely get the freshest flowers from these areas.
:'''Flora:''' Once you've finished picking them, please bring them back to me as quickly as possible.

----

;(Report to Flora after collecting flowers)
:'''Flora:''' Welcome to Floral Whisper. Do you need anything?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About those flowers...
:'''Flora:''' Did you finish getting the flowers?
:{{DIcon}} Got 'em right here.
:'''Flora:''' These are all so fresh... Thank you. With these flowers out at the storefront, we're sure to attract a lot of customers.
:'''Flora:''' If I could make another small request... the wind also blew all the dandelions we had away.
:'''Flora:''' Although dandelions being carried away by the wind isn't a bad thing...
:'''Flora:''' But it still seems strange for a florist's in Mondstadt to not have dandelions.
:'''Flora:''' Dandelions can't just be plucked and brought back &mdash; they have to be regrown from scratch.
:'''Flora:''' So could you help fetch a batch of Dandelion Seeds for me?
:{{DIcon}} I'll do it.
::'''Flora:''' I'm counting on you, then. I recall that there are lots of dandelions just outside Mondstadt.
:{{DIcon}} Where should I start looking?
::'''Flora:''' There are lots of dandelions outside the city. You should be able to get them easily.

;(Talk to Flora again)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, about those dandelions..
:'''Flora:''' Dandelions can be found just outside Mondstadt, but I have to clean up the shop, and simply don't have time to leave...
:'''Flora:''' So please, help me gather a batch of Dandelion Seeds.

----

;(Report to Flora after collecting dandelion seeds)
:'''Flora:''' Welcome to Floral Whisper. Do you need anything?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, about those dandelions...
:'''Flora:''' Have you managed to get the dandelions?
:{{DIcon}} I have them.
:'''Flora:''' Thank you. This should be enough. I'll sow the seeds into these pots...
:'''Flora:''' ...Along with those flowers that you found for me earlier.
:'''Flora:''' Ah, yes. I have to thank you, don't I? This is a little token, please take it.
:'''Flora:''' Now, I have to quickly put these flowers inside these pots here. Then the dandelion seeds go there...

;(New flowers are displayed in front of the store)
:'''Flora:''' And we're done. Hehe, doesn't this look like a proper florist's now?
:'''Flora:''' Oh, right. The Dandelion Seeds have only just been sown, so there's nothing in the pot... I guess I'll have to take them off display for the time being.
:'''Flora:''' Ah, I really hope they grow up soon...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = IpW5RcG4gl4
|caption1 = Flighty Flora... and Flora

|video2   = jVpFvz0r8t8
|caption2 = Flighty Flora... and Flora Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Flighty Flora... and Flora
|zhs     = 轻飘飘的花与芙萝拉
|zhs_rm  = Qīngpiāopiāo de Huā Yǔ Fúluólā
|zht     = 輕飄飄的花與芙蘿拉
|zht_rm  = Qīngpiāopiāo de Huā Yǔ Fúluólā
|zh_tl   = Flighty Flower and Flora
|ja      = ふわふわした花とフローラ
|ja_rm   = Fuwafuwa Shita Hana to Furoora
|ja_tl   = Flown Flower and Flora
|ko      = 하늘하늘 흩날리는 꽃과 플로라
|ko_rm   = Haneulhaneul Heunnallineun Kkot-gwa Peullora
|ko_tl   = Buoyantly Fluttering Flower and Flora
|es      = Flora y las flores flotantes
|es_tl   = Flora and the Floating Flowers
|fr      = Flora, les fleurs et le vent
|fr_tl   = Flora, the Flowers and the Wind
|ru      = Унесённые цветы Флоры
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ดอกไม้ที่ล่องลอยไปตามลมและ Flora
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Flora và những đóa hoa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Fleißige Flora und das fliegende Pflänzchen
|de_tl   = Diligent Flora and the Flying Plantlet
|id      = Bunga dan Flora
|id_tl   = Flower and Flora
|pt      = Flora e as flores voadoras
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}