{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71656
|image         = Adventurers' Guild Inazuma.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|event_name    = Spectral Secrets
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|Ritou Escape Plan|showType=0}}
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|next          = Floating Spirits &mdash; The Investigation Ends
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|characters    = Katheryne (Inazuma); Traveler
}}
'''''Floating Spirits &mdash; The Investigation Begins''''' is an Event Quest that unlocks the investigation mechanic in the [[Spectral Secrets]] event.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Katheryne]] in [[Inazuma City]]

==Gameplay Notes==
*Players cannot claim rewards from Katheryne while the quest is active.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Recently, more and more adventurers have encountered a floating elemental being. [[Inazuma City]]'s [[Katheryne]] is releasing a series of commissions to minimize needless risks and lay the groundwork for further investigation.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:'''Katheryne:''' Ad astra abyssosque, Adventurer. We're thankful for your arrival.
:{{DIcon}} Any new commissions for me?
::'''Katheryne:''' Indeed, we are about to begin a new round of ecological surveys, in fact.
:{{DIcon}} I think I know where we're going with this...
::'''Katheryne:''' Oh? You've done such commissions before? That's great, then.
:'''Katheryne:''' Nonetheless, let me begin by explaining the situation.
:'''Katheryne:''' Recently, eyewitness reports concerning "[[Specters]]" have been increasing at an alarming rate.
:'''Katheryne:''' This is usually a very rare sort of elemental creature. As such, there must be some special reason behind their sudden resurgence.
:'''Katheryne:''' The Guild's understanding of these creatures is still very lacking, so we are currently mobilizing for an all-hands-on-deck investigation.
:{{DIcon}} Is it really such a powerful creature?
:{{DIcon}} You're mobilizing that many people?
:'''Katheryne:''' Due to the suddenness and strangeness of this event, we know little about the state of these Specters or the amount of danger they pose to people.
:{{DIcon}} Then I accept.
:'''Katheryne:''' Thank you for accepting this commission. What we need you to do is quite simple, actually. You simply need to travel around Inazuma with your companions and observe the peculiarities of these Specters.
:'''Katheryne:''' The form these investigations will take is very similar to the [[Expeditions]] you've undertaken in the past. We've already sorted out the various sightings of these Specters.
:'''Katheryne:''' Here, allow me to show you.
:;(Opens Spectral Secrets Expeditions menu)
:'''Katheryne:''' Due to the fact that Specters are elemental creatures, you should get optimal results so long as you follow the elemental guidelines recommended by the Guild when dispatching your companions.
:'''Katheryne:''' There will be special commissions in which you will have to go and perform an on-site investigation personally, owing to a lack of good intel. Once you've completed such missions, I will continue to organize the dispatches.
:{{DIcon}} So this is preliminary prep work, then.
:'''Katheryne:''' Indeed. These commissions would usually be quite tough, but I believe that you will see them done with ease.
:'''Katheryne:''' I will update you with new information concerning the Specters every day. You can have faith that I will support you and your companions in any way I can.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Floating Spirits &mdash; The Investigation Begins
|zhs     = 飘浮之灵，调查启动
|zhs_rm  = Piāofú zhī Líng, Diàochá Qǐdòng
|zht     = 飄浮之靈，調查啟動
|zht_rm  = Piāofú zhī Líng, Diàochá Qǐdòng
|zh_tl   = Floating Spirits, The Investigation Begins
|ja      = 浮遊する霊、調査開始
|ja_rm   = Fuyuu Suru Rei, Chousai Kaishi
|ja_tl   = Floating Souls, The Investigation Starts
|ko      = 떠도는 정령, 조사 시작
|ko_rm   = Tteodoneun Jeongryeong, Josa Sijak
|ko_tl   = Floating Spirits - The Investigation Starts
|es      = Espectros flotantes: Comienza la investigación
|es_tl   = Floating Specters: Investigation Starts
|fr      = Spectres flottants, l'enquête est ouverte
|fr_tl   = Floating Specters, the Investigation Is Open
|ru      = Парящие призраки: начало расследования
|ru_tl   = Floating Spectres: Beginning of Investigation
|th      = เริ่มการตรวจสอบภูตที่ล่องลอย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bóng Ma - Khởi Động Điều Tra
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geheimnisvolle Gespenster – Die Untersuchung beginnt
|de_tl   = Mysterious Spirits - The Investigation Begins
|id      = Roh Gentayangan &mdash; Investigasi Dimulai
|id_tl   = Wandering Spirit &mdash; Investigation Begins
|pt      = Espíritos Flutuantes, iniciar investigação
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[pt-br:Espíritos Flutuantes, iniciar investigação]]
[[ru:Парящие призраки: начало расследования]]