{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71103
|image         = World Quest Floating Jade Treasure of Chenyu.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Chenyu's Blessings of Sunken Jade
|part          = 2
|characters    = Bosu; Fujin; Little Mao; Paimon; Traveler; Lousan<!-- Named enemy - voiced. -->; Xi Xiao'er<!-- Named enemy - not voiced. -->
|startLocation = [[Chenyu Vale: Upper Vale]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Chenyu Vale: Upper Vale
|subarea       = 
|prev          = Qiaoying of the Sacred Mountain
|next          = An Ancient Sacrifice of Sacred Brocade
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Primogem*40;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Floating Jade, Treasure of Chenyu''''' is the second quest in the {{Quest|Chenyu's Blessings of Sunken Jade}}.

==Steps==
# Follow [[Little Mao]]
# Try entering the waterfall
# Explore the domain
# Clean the mural
# Talk to Little Mao
# Go to the watchtower at [[Yilong Wharf]]
# Board the bamboo raft and go to the [[Jademouth]]
# Listen to stories of the past
# Go to the Jademouth
# Investigate the stone shrine (0/2)
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Marksman; Treasure Hoarders: Handyman*2; Treasure Hoarders: Scout*3}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger; Treasure Hoarders: Marksman*2; Treasure Hoarders: Scout*2}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|1={Treasure Hoarders: Crusher $ text=Lousan}; {Treasure Hoarders: Pugilist $ text=Xi Xiao'er} }}
#** The following enemies will infinitely respawn on either side of the shrine until Lousan and Xi Xiao'er are defeated:
#*** Side 1: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Electro Potioneer; Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer; Treasure Hoarders: Marksman}}
#*** Side 2: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Hydro Potioneer; Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer; Treasure Hoarders: Marksman}}
# Go back beneath the jade
# Try using your adeptal energy...
# Jump into the whirlpool
# Follow the [[Fujin|carp]]
# Talk to the golden carp
# Collect the scattered adeptal energy (0/4)
#* Beast Lord path:
#** Wave 1: {{Enemy|Hydro Mimic Squirrel|x=2}}
#** Wave 2: {{Enemy|Hydro Mimic Squirrel|x=2}}
#** Wave 3: {{Enemy|"Beast Lord of Fuyu"|text="Beast Lord of Fuyu" &mdash; A... Boar Created By Adeptal Power}}
#* [[Seelie]] path:
#** Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Blazing Axe Mitachurl; Hilichurl Fighter; Hilichurl}}
#** Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Hydro Hilichurl Rogue; Electro Hilichurl Shooter; Pyro Hilichurl Shooter; Hilichurl Grenadier}}
# Return to the [[Votive Rainjade]]
# Talk to Little Mao
# Head to the designated location

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing step 17 awards the {{Achievement|"Jade, O Jade, Grant Me My Wish..."}}.
* After summoning the whirlpool during step 12, the river ferry services provided by [[Bosu]] and [[Sun Rao]] will temporarily become unavailable until the end of the quest.
** Both NPCs will despawn from their locations.
** The signs used to summon them also disappear.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Little Mao seems to have some information about how to help heal Chenyu Vale...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the waterfall)
:'''Little Mao:''' Here, over here!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, slow down!
:'''Little Mao:''' Watch your step... There's moss on the cliff, it's slippery!
:'''Paimon:''' You're the one who needs to be careful... Paimon can fly, after all!

;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Little Mao:''' Here we are. There's a cavern behind this waterfall. Try not to get soaked, you might catch a cold!
:'''Little Mao:''' Eh? It's blocked off...
:'''Paimon:''' Um, how about you give that "adeptal energy" a go, {{Traveler}}?

;(Approach the [[Rock Pile]])
:'''Little Mao:''' The rocks here seem a little loose, be careful...
:'''Paimon:''' Since it's loose, let's break it apart! Maybe something good is hiding underneath!
:'''Little Mao:''' Huh!? What kind of weird logic is that?

;(Break the Rock Pile)
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, now this is what we call adventuring experience!

;(Use adeptal energy to move the platform)
:'''Little Mao:''' Yeah! You're amazing, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}!

;(Enter the cave)
:'''Little Mao:''' There's more water in here than before. Maybe I'll have to swim in next time.

;(Investigate the claw marks)
:'''Paimon:''' What huge claw marks and pawprints... Like some huge wild beast left them behind...
:'''Little Mao:''' Yeah! Huge, right?

;(Investigate the red purse on the tent)
:'''Little Mao:''' This is my secret base!
:'''Paimon:''' You still camp here? You're incredible, but you still need to stay safe!
:'''Little Mao:''' It's fine! My friend will protect me!

;(Approach the mural)
:'''Little Mao:''' This is it! It's the clue I wanted to show you before, right here!
:'''Paimon:''' ...What on Teyvat is that? It's so covered in moss that Paimon can't make heads or tails of it.
:'''Little Mao:''' Ehhh? There wasn't any moss the last time I came here...
:'''Paimon:''' No need to worry, Little Mao! It's so humid here that it's no wonder there's moss growing everywhere. Hmm, there must be a way to clear it away...

;(Clean the mural with adeptal energy)
:'''Paimon:''' The moss came loose!
:'''Little Mao:''' Woohoo!

;(After cleaning the mural)
:'''Little Mao:''' Look, {{Traveler}}, look! It's a scene of ancient people attending a festival and performing a ritual. Pretty different from the festivals we have today, huh?
:'''Little Mao:''' Although the grown-ups in the city and the village all say that the Lord of Geo was the first to arrive in Chenyu Vale, I've heard that the people in the picture actually got here even earlier than he did!
:'''Little Mao:''' People back then used to throw bits of magic jade into the river, and they'd float along until they sank to the bottom. They saw it as a way to guarantee good weather, prevent the river from flooding, and ensure that the soil would be fertile.
:'''Little Mao:''' Based on what we previously discussed, I'm guessing that Chenyu Vale will only be fixed after we've found some jade that was thrown into the river in ancient times! That makes sense, doesn't it?
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, you're so knowledgeable! Was your friend also the one who told you these stories?
:{{DIcon}} You rule, Little Mao! That's first-class guide material right there!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmph! Little Mao's a local, so of course he understands this place better than Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} These legends are fascinating.
:'''Little Mao:''' Yep, and... Everyone'll be really blessed and live happily ever after, and all that...
:'''Little Mao:''' Hehe, but I much prefer hearing her stories about ancient wars and battles... She told me that the warriors back then were all giants who were over ten feet tall!
:'''Little Mao:''' The warriors of Chenyu Vale were covered in tattoos, and they had these massive jade axes that could chop a person in half in the blink of an eye!
:'''Little Mao:''' And the Millelith, led by none other than the [[Rex Lapis|Lord of Geo]] himself, were even tougher! They clad themselves in suits of armor that weighed over a thousand pounds and fought with hundred-pound spears! Apparently, everyone was at war back then, so much so that [[Bishui River]] turned crimson red...
:'''Little Mao:''' Later on, the mountains to the south became full of ghosts from that era. Even now, those who wander through the mountains might still be able to catch their singing on the wind...
:'''Paimon:''' Ergh...
:{{DIcon}} Yikes, scary stuff! Cover your ears, Mini Pie.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmph, who's Mini Pie? Hautemontagne's right though &mdash; if you constantly think about this stuff, you'll turn into a villain when you're older!
:{{DIcon}} I don't think these stories are meant for kids...
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah... It sounds terrifying! Hautemontagne's right, you shouldn't dwell on this stuff all the time.
:'''Little Mao:''' Hehe... There's no way grown-ups would tell us these stories. They always say we're too young to hear them, that they'll turn us rotten, and stuff like that.
:'''Little Mao:''' But I'm old enough already! Hearing a story's not going to turn me into a monster. Besides, there aren't many adults still around who know these stories anyway. If my friend hadn't told me, I wouldn't even have known the stories about this picture!
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, fine then, guess we'll move on.
:'''Little Mao:''' So... the grown-ups were right to say that those ancient people threw the jade into the river from somewhere high up... but where exactly? And where did all the jade float off to...?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... Well, it must have sunk to the bottom, right?
:'''Little Mao:''' It's not that simple... If it was thrown in somewhere upriver, and even if it sank to the bottom, it would still be pushed downriver by the current. Let alone after so many years...
:'''Little Mao:''' Besides, I've never heard talk of any ancient ritual jade being found upriver... Chenyu Vale is a small place, after all. If there had been such rumors, everyone would already know about them.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, you know so much. You're future scholar material for sure!
:'''Little Mao:''' Hehe... But what if I don't want to be a scholar? They don't earn much Mora, and it sounds like no fun!
:'''Paimon:''' Then become a traveler, just like us! What could be more fun than adventuring around the world?
:'''Little Mao:''' Hmm... Seeing as we now know the site of the Rainjade Rite, what should we do next?
:{{DIcon}} Why don't we go somewhere high up to take a look?
::'''Little Mao:''' High up, hmm... The watchtower at Yilong Wharf's pretty high up!
::{{DIcon}} Okay, let's head out.
:::'''Little Mao:''' Alright! Let's go!
:::;(The player is teleported near the watchtower)
::{{DIcon}} I want to take another look around.
:::'''Little Mao:''' Okay! Let me know when you're ready.
:{{DIcon}} Let's observe how the river flows.
::'''Little Mao:''' If we want to see how the river flows...
::'''Paimon:''' Maybe it would be a good idea to try the tall watchtower over at Yilong Wharf?
::'''Little Mao:''' Hehe, you're a clever one, Ms. Paimon!
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, of course!
::{{DIcon}} Okay, let's head out.
:::'''Little Mao:''' Alright! Let's go!
:::;(The player is teleported near the watchtower)
::{{DIcon}} I want to take another look around.
:::'''Little Mao:''' Okay! Let me know when you're ready.

;(Talk to Little Mao if "I want to take another look around" was chosen)
:'''Little Mao:''' Shall we go?
:{{DIcon}} Aye.
::'''Little Mao:''' Alright then!
::;(The player is teleported near the watchtower)
:{{DIcon}} I want to take another look around.
::'''Little Mao:''' Sure. Remember to let me know when you're setting off.
----
;(Approach the watchtower)
:'''Little Mao:''' Look! From up here, you can clearly see how the water moves faster through those narrows, then slows down again as the river widens out. The jade must have stopped there! We should find what we're looking for there.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, you're such a real whiz-kid! Paimon's been wondering though... What's that massive thing in the distance?
:'''Little Mao:''' That huge thing is the [[Jademouth]], a legendary "jade ring" that an adeptus threw into the water!
:'''Little Mao:''' Oh... But the river curves around there, so the current should actually speed up.
:{{DIcon}} But the river gradually gets wider there.
:'''Little Mao:''' Yeah, so the rapid flow around the bend might have resulted in things being deposited along the convex bank where it widens... So there's actually a good chance that the jade is at the bottom of the river somewhere around Jademouth. Of course, that's assuming that the course of the river hasn't been artificially altered!
:'''Little Mao:''' Hmm, not to mention... There's a fisherman's legend that goes something like... "Jade shall rise from sunken mouth"... or something like that. Anyway, let's go over and take a look around first.
:'''Paimon:''' Compared to Little Mao, Paimon feels like she's completely out of her depth...
:'''Little Mao:''' Hehe, it's because my friend is amazing! She knows everything there is to know about the mountains, and she's taught me loads too &mdash; that's how I've learned so much.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, Paimon. You just need better friends!
::'''Little Mao:''' Uhh, that's not what I meant! I mean, you unblocked the cave and got rid of that moss in a flash, after all, and I have no idea how you even did that!
::{{DIcon}} I'm just kidding, don't overthink it.
:{{DIcon}} You are unfit for duty, Mini Pie. As the {{MC|m=Young Master|f=Young Lady}}, I am most disappointed.
::'''Paimon:''' ...{{Traveler}}, has the rarefied mountain air or miasma gone to your head or something? Or does the adeptal energy you used have side effects? You're behaving pretty strangely...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry too much about it, Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah... That's right! Paimon has lots of other strengths...
:'''Little Mao:''' Whatever the case, let's go down and get on a bamboo raft!
:'''Paimon:''' Hoho, yeah! Jademouth, here we come!

;(Approach the bamboo rafts at the docks)
:'''Little Mao:''' Look at that bamboo raft. Guess we've got a boat we can take now!

;(Talk to Bosu)
:'''Bosu:''' Someone coming aboard? ...Wait, is that Little Mao? Come, come, I'll take you!
:;(The group boards the raft)<!--dialogue on the raft is autoplayed-->
:'''Little Mao:''' Alright, boatman, take us to the Jademouth!
:'''Bosu:''' Alright, Jademouth it is! The other two, you're... tourists? Haha, well if you're here for sightseeing, there's not many locals who head that way.
:'''Little Mao:''' Hehe, you could say that! Mr. Boatman, are there any stories about the Jademouth that I haven't heard before?
:'''Bosu:''' Knowing you and how much you love your stories, kiddo, you must have heard them all by now!
:'''Little Mao:''' Tell me more, tell me more!
:'''Bosu:''' Alright then... Well, I've heard it mentioned that the Jademouth was left behind by Rex Lapis when he marched through here to save the people of Chenyu Vale. Legend has it that to prevent a naval advance from downstream, the local adepti...
:'''Little Mao:''' You're making it up as you go again, gramps! There's no way that Liyue's navy came up this river! I've heard that the Jademouth was formed by a piece of jade left behind by a giant Carp!
:'''Little Mao:''' In those days, a baddie god tried to redirect the river to drown the Millelith stationed on both of the banks in Chenyu Vale, but a giant white snake and a giant Carp who were her subordinates disobeyed her orders. The giant white snake held up the baddie god, while the giant Carp...
:'''Little Mao:''' She threw the jades she wore here. The jades pinned the river down, and ever since, we've had no more floods, and everyone can live peaceful lives on both sides of the river.
:'''Bosu:''' Hehe, you might understand a lot kiddo, but you haven't seen much. Take a closer look &mdash; there aren't any crops by this river!
:'''Bosu:''' See, after it was pinned down by the jades, it's true that the river hasn't flooded... But that's also meant it hasn't been able to provide irrigation for crops! So what was once a wide, gently-flowing river is today a narrow, rapid-flowing torrent instead.
:'''Bosu:''' Such a river leaves no sustenance for the earth on its banks. Haha, and of course that also means no people living peaceful lives on both its sides...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it now... But did you just say that the adepti were resisting the Lord of Geo, Little Mao?
:'''Little Mao:''' That's how it was, all that time ago... Some people believe that the first lord of all Liyue was Rex Lapis. But in Chenyu Vale, we believe that before he came, there were other gods and adepti who protected our ancestors.
:'''Little Mao:''' I've heard Grandpa Lu say that the tea ceremony is actually for the Carp adeptus who planted our first tea tree!
:'''Paimon:''' Oooh... But aren't these adepti meant to be the baddies? They were serving under a baddie god, after all!
:'''Little Mao:''' In some stories they're the baddies, while in others they're the goodies. But it was all such a long, long time ago. Even the grown-ups don't remember much, so they always try to bluff me.
:'''Bosu:''' Hehe... Talking about that friend of yours again? *sigh* How can such supernatural beings be held to our simple codes of right and wrong? As far as we're concerned, all the forces that have ever blessed and protected this land deserve our offerings.
:'''Little Mao:''' Aaaah, there you go again!
:'''Bosu:''' Hahahaha! Alright then, time to get off &mdash; we're here!
:'''Little Mao and Paimon:''' Thanks, gramps!
:{{Black Screen|As the river breeze blows, you hitch a ride on the rocking bamboo raft,<br>And you slowly reach the Jademouth.}}

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Little Mao:''' We're here, this is the Jademouth!
:'''Paimon:''' Such a huge hunk of jade, and even the other pieces on it are massive! Whoever it was that threw it down, adeptus or not, must have been absolutely titanic!
:'''Little Mao:''' Hehe, adepti come in all shapes and sizes. "They could be as tall as the clouds, or small enough to hide amidst pool and leaf..." Agh, how did the rest of it go again... anyway, you get the picture! To sum up, adepti rule!

;(Approach the hillside)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, here's the Jademouth. But how are we gonna find all that jade underwater?
:'''Little Mao:''' Ah, so that's how it is. "...The spring's cries ripple through the vales, the shrines depart from northeast shores..."
:'''Little Mao:''' "The heights and shallows in the southwest hide, sun and earth from each other divide, the eternal whirlpool that never churns, the beautiful jade concealed within..."
:'''Paimon:''' What's that Little Mao's singing about? It sounds pretty complicated...
:'''Little Mao:''' It's one of our local folksongs, I heard an old granny singing it as she was gathering herbs! It means... If you look out from the center of the river to the banks on either side, you'll see two stone shrines hidden to the northeast and the southwest. These shrines keep the mighty whirlpool in the center suppressed...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon understood the last bit! So the jade is all hidden beneath the whirlpool?
:'''Little Mao:''' Yep! Sounds like we're going treasure hunting, hooray!
:'''Paimon:''' But the area between the northeast and southwest is so huge! After all, in a broad sense, the northeast and southwest of Jademouth can include... pretty much the whole world?
:'''Little Mao:''' You're always thinking outside the box, Ms. Paimon! But there's no need to worry, I already have an idea where the shrines will be, because... Well, my friend told me! Come on, let's roll.
:{{DIcon}} I have a question...
::{{DIcon}} Does anyone else think a giant maelstrom suddenly appearing here might not be too great?
:{{DIcon}} Hold up for a second...
::{{DIcon}} Does anyone else think a giant maelstrom suddenly appearing here might not be too great?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah! Won't that mean that boats will no longer be able to sail in and out of Yilong Wharf?
:'''Little Mao:''' Oh, don't worry about that! My friend told me that once we've done what we need to beneath, the whirlpool will disappear completely! Otherwise, how would all the old boatmen carry on making a living?
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, so it's not just a smart whirlpool, but a considerate one to boot! Let's get going then!

;(Defeat the first two waves of Treasure Hoarders at the northeast shrine)
:'''Lousan:''' Oh? Who dares disturb the tranquility of this place? Turn over all your possessions to quench the fury of the Adeptus!
:'''Paimon:''' A&mdash;Aren't you the Treasure Hoarders!? Where's all this Adepti-fearing talk coming from?

;(Defeat Lousan and Xiao Xi'er)
:'''Lousan:''' We been made, these mugs are regular heat packin' Brunos! Dust out and make a clean sneak!

;(Read Someone's Notes, optional)
:'''Someone's Notes:''' ...
:'''Someone's Notes:''' "...The spring's cries ripple through the vales, the shrines depart from northeast shores. The heights and shallows in the southwest hide, sun and earth from each other divide, the eternal whirlpool that never churns..."
:'''Someone's Notes:''' ...We have found the two "shrines" the legend speaks of, and it seems they, too, are related to our ancestors in the mountains. But the meaning of the folksong mentioned above remains unclear...
:'''Someone's Notes:''' ...
:'''Someone's Notes:''' ...We don't have a clue what to do here. We're just running around like headless chickens. Everyone got really worked up when they heard our comrades excavating and shipping antiques already made big Mora. Who knows how much longer we'll have to stick around here...!

;(Use adeptal energy on the northeast shrine)
:'''Little Mao:''' Wow, she's... she really was right about you. You're pretty out of the ordinary.

;(Approach the southwest shrine)
:'''Paimon:''' How about we try using adeptal energy, {{Traveler}}?

;(Approach the center after completing one shrine puzzle)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Look! Is something glowing there in between the pearls?

;(Use adeptal energy on the southwest shrine)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, guess that settles it!
:'''Little Mao:''' Wow, you're amazing! Even my friend couldn't do anything about the shrines!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, you got that right!

;(Approach the center after completing both shrines)
:'''Paimon:''' C'mon, have a look! All the pearls have lit up!
<!--switches from autoplay dialogue to click dialogue-->
:'''Little Mao:''' Huh. We haven't seen the whirlpool from the song yet...
:'''Paimon:''' What should we do next?
:'''Little Mao:''' How about... Giving that "adeptal energy" of yours a try, {{Traveler}}?

;(Talk to Little Mao, optional)
:'''Little Mao:''' You know, we might be able to call the whirlpool forth if we try using that adeptal energy!

;(Use adeptal energy)
:'''Little Mao:''' Quick, look! The whirlpool's appeared, just like the song said!
----
;(Approach the golden carp in the whirlpool)
:'''Little Mao:''' Wow! And just like the legend says, a Golden Carp!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, so it's Adeptus Fujin again!
:'''Little Mao:''' "Fujin"?

;(Approach Fujin)
:'''Fujin:''' {{Traveler}} and Paimon, we meet again. And who might this be?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? You haven't met before? This is Little Mao, he's helped us so much along the way.
:'''Fujin:''' No, we haven't met before. But you must be a good child, Little Mao.
:'''Little Mao:''' Hello, and yes, that's me! Miss, are you... an adeptus? You are, aren't you?
:{{DIcon}} This is Adeptus Fujin.
:'''Fujin:''' Hehe, thanks for all the help you've given {{Traveler}} and Paimon, Little Mao.
:'''Little Mao:''' It's really the legendary Fujin, in the flesh! I can't believe this, I've heard so many stories about you! And... Now I know that you're not some kind of big, slippery Carp, but a lady instead, like a big sister!
:'''Paimon:''' B&mdash;Big Carp!? Honestly, what kind of stories have you been listening to, Little Mao?
:'''Fujin:''' Ahem...! One is indeed an adeptus, and as such, can take forms as one pleases. This particular form seemed like the most approachable one for conversing with humans...
:'''Fujin:''' Hmm, from what you've said... You have a very unique scent, Little Mao. Have you met someone in the mountains before? Someone with red eyes and a fair complexion, perhaps?
:'''Little Mao:''' Uh, not exactly... Big Sis Fujin, you're not talking about one of your other friends, are you? My friend from the mountains doesn't sparkle like you do, but she's also really cool! She's helped me tons and taught me loads...
:'''Fujin:''' So it was her after all...
:'''Paimon:''' So your friend wasn't Adeptus Fujin after all, huh?
:'''Little Mao:''' But Big Sis Fujin's my friend too now, isn't she?
:'''Fujin:''' Of course, Little Mao! I am delighted to have made friends with you.
:{{DIcon}} Way to go, Little Mao! You've now met two adepti...
::{{DIcon}} ...But I've met more! Whoop whoop, go me! I win!
::'''Little Mao:''' ?
::'''Fujin:''' Huh? Wha...?
::'''Paimon:''' Uhh... Don't worry about {{MC|m=him|f=her}}. Anyway, does that mean Little Mao's friend is also an adeptus?
:{{DIcon}} Little Mao's met other adepti?
:'''Fujin:''' As for whether Little Mao's friend counts as an adeptus or not... I'm not quite sure myself. After all, "adeptus" is merely a title &mdash; and it's hard to say whether adepti are even "people."
:'''Fujin:''' The word "adeptus" is just like any other word, such as "hero," "villain," or "idiot"... No one is born an adeptus, and no one shall remain an adeptus forever.
:'''Paimon:''' That's true... So you've met that friend of Little Mao's that we were talking about, right?
:'''Fujin:''' Indeed. But it's been a long, long time since last I saw her. So now... I suspect that I don't know her half as well as Little Mao does. I'm not even sure if I still count as her friend.
:{{DIcon}} According to what Little Mao said...
::{{DIcon}} His "friend" wants to restore nature.
::{{DIcon}} His "friend" wants to restore nature too.
:'''Fujin:''' ...I would imagine so.
:'''Fujin:''' Anyway, I must ask you all to please take this piece of "Votive Rainjade." I had originally hoped it might remain here, the same as it ever was, but I never expected it to grow quite so large... *sigh* I used to love it so...
:'''Paimon:''' This "Rainjade" that you just mentioned... Did it rain down, or make it rain, or something...?
:'''Fujin:''' Hehe, of course not. After the great changes in our geology, our... the ancestors of the people of Chenyu Vale lost their ability to communicate with the heavens, and lost the guidance of emissaries whose beauty was pure as moonlight.
:'''Fujin:''' Henceforth, they began to take jade, which glowed as gently as the light of the moon, and cast it into the river. As they did this, they would pray for good omens, for fertile land, for clement weather, and for their riverbanks to hold strong. Over time, these rituals grew in power, until one day...
:'''Fujin:''' One day...
:'''Fujin:''' ...
:'''Little Mao:''' Big Sis Fujin? What happened next?
:'''Fujin:''' ...One day, the long war to become the gods who would reign over this world began. Afterward, this tradition lost all of its meaning. But though it was forgotten, its name is still passed down over generations.
:'''Fujin:''' To cut a long story short, this piece of Votive Rainjade before us... Was the very last one ever to be thrown.
:'''Fujin:''' Just as the part above the surface &mdash; when commanded by an adeptal art &mdash; can be made large enough to stop a flood, its core, too, has been swollen by uncontrolled adeptal energy. Much of its power has dissipated into the surrounding area through the spirit veins.
:'''Fujin:''' This power may also have affected the nearby flora and fauna, attracting and even making aberrations of them. You must be careful.
:'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What?
:'''Fujin:''' As far as I can tell, the adeptal energy that has dissipated nearby should be sufficient to re-awaken the hibernating Votive Rainjade. If this is the case, we're one step closer to achieving our goal of nursing the water and soil back to health.
:'''Fujin:''' Ahem, how should I say this? {{Traveler}} and Paimon... thank you both. You're doing an amazing thing by choosing to help me, you know. And Little Mao... Will you help me too? Will you help out your Big Sis?
:'''Little Mao:''' Of course, I want to restore nature too!
:'''Fujin:''' ...Is that so? Well that's good. You're very smart, Little Mao! You'll understand everything later.
:'''Fujin:''' Alright, then let us go our separate ways for now.
:'''Fujin:''' Once you've retrieved the adeptal energy-filled Votive Rainjade, we'll meet again by a deep pool shrouded in cloud and mist to the south.
:'''Paimon:''' The south... Got it! Eh...? She's gone and disappeared again!
:'''Little Mao:''' Ah well! Let's just do what Big Sis Fujin said and restore this Voting Rainjade's power!
:'''Little Mao:''' Speaking of which... What's it got to do with voting?
:'''Paimon:''' See, see! You're not that much brighter than Paimon, hmph!
:{{DIcon}} It's "Votive."
:{{DIcon}} Not "Voting."
:'''Little Mao:''' Oh, right...
:'''Little Mao:''' It's so complicated!
:'''Paimon:''' Though, since you mentioned it... What does "Votive" even mean? And why is it called "Rainjade" again?
:'''Little Mao:''' Exactly! What does it mean!?

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' Let's follow that adeptus's instructions and search for the scattered adeptal energy!

;(Investigate the glowing spot)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! This jar... It suddenly got bigger! Is this the "adeptal energy" Fujin was talking about?

;(Investigate the jar immediately to the right, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! This is...

;(Investigate the jar further ahead and to the right, optional)
:;(A {{Enemy|Large Hydro Slime}} appears)
:'''Little Mao:''' Monsters! Watch out!

;(Collect the jar's scattered adeptal energy)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow... Another strange phenomenon! Another lump of... Is this also condensed from adeptal energy?

;(Interact with the adeptal energy toward the south)
:;(The adeptal energy escapes)
:'''Paimon:''' Waah! Paimon's totally drenched!
:'''Little Mao:''' Ah! It's gone!

;(Follow the adeptal energy Forest Boar into the cave)
:'''Little Mao:''' Careful, you two! Don't catch a cold!
:'''Paimon:''' Catching a cold isn't the problem here!

;(Defeat the "Beast Lord of Fuyu")
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon never knew adeptal energy could turn into a forest boar...
:'''Little Mao:''' So is this what Big Sis Fujin meant by "aberrations"...?

;(Collect the Beast Lord of Fuyu's scattered adeptal energy)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, so sudden!

;(Approach the caged Seelie)
:'''Paimon:''' Careful! There're hilichurls here too!
:'''Little Mao:''' There are Seelies here too!

;(Open the Seelie's cage)
:;(The Seelie meets up with two more Seelie)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, Seelies... And three of them...
:'''Little Mao:''' Ms. Paimon, do you guys often play with Seelies?
:'''Paimon:''' Haha... Play together... Yeah...

;(Guide the Seelie to their Courts)
:'''Little Mao:''' Wow! Looks like the Seelies really like you guys!
:'''Paimon:''' Sure, haha... Yeah, that's it...

;(Collect the fourth scattered adeptal energy)
:'''Paimon:''' Whew, that's finally over...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders if this is enough adeptal energy... Let's go back and have a look first.
----
;(Enter the room with the Votive Rainjade)
:'''Paimon:''' Look! It's moving!

;(Approach the Rainjade)
:'''Paimon:''' The Votive Rainjade looks totally different now. It looks... kinda awesome, really!
:'''Little Mao:''' Hehe, Ms. Paimon can't find the right words again!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph!

;(Walk up to the Rainjade)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Seems like the jade's starting to move...
:'''Little Mao:''' That's right. But according to the story, the riverbed should have lots of other Votive Rainjades. Why does Big Sis Fujin only want this one?
:'''Paimon:''' Look! It's shining, almost as if it's resonating with the adeptal energy on you, {{Traveler}}!
:;(The Traveler uses the adeptal energy)
:'''Paimon:''' Why don't we try using that power, eh?
:'''Little Mao:''' That should do it. Wow, awesome! It suddenly became small!
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Paimon didn't think it'd just change size like that. Guess that's a millennia-old treasure for you... It's just like you said, Little Mao! "They could be as tall as the clouds, or small enough to hide amidst pool and leaf..."
:'''Little Mao:''' Yeah! Well, looks like the Votive Rainjade's in our hands now. You're so reliable, {{Traveler}}!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, Paimon worked hard too!
:'''Little Mao:''' Ms. Paimon's amazing! So you're going to take us to that "deep pool shrouded in cloud and mist to the south" now, right?
:'''Little Mao:''' Clouds and mist... Hmm... I think Chenyu Vale really does have places like that.
:'''Paimon:''' But where? Tell us, little guide, and Paimon'll take you there!
:'''Little Mao:''' Do you remember the place [[Hautemontagne|Mountain]] mentioned, the spot where we met? That place is super foggy, and I know of a secret cavern that leads there. Even the other locals don't know about it.
:'''Little Mao:''' It was my friend who showed me the way, and since you're my friend too, Paimon, I'll tell you all about it!
:{{DIcon}} You've got an amazing friend, Little Mao.
::'''Little Mao:''' Hehe, of course. Uh, well, you're both pretty impressive too!
:{{DIcon}} Your friend in the mountains... Are they connected to Adeptus Fujin?
::'''Little Mao:''' ...She's told me lots of stories, and quite a few of them were about Big Sis Fujin.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, any friend of yours is a friend of ours too! In fact, Paimon hopes we'll meet her on the way.
:'''Paimon:''' Shall we go? Paimon's gonna take you all to the... place you mentioned, Little Mao!
:{{DIcon}} Take us away, Ms. Paimon!
::'''Paimon:''' Alrighty then. Let's go!
::;(The player is teleported back to the surface)
:{{DIcon}} Give me a moment. Let's see if there are any treasure chests that we haven't found yet...
::'''Paimon:''' Seriously? There's no helping you, huh? Hang on a moment, alright, Little Mao?
::'''Little Mao:''' Okay! The cavern's pretty dark, so you've gotta be careful!

;(Talk to Little Mao, if "Give me a moment" was chosen)
:'''Little Mao:''' You're back, shall we go?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Paimon:''' Then let's be off, fellow spelunkers!
::;(The player is teleported back to the surface)
:{{DIcon}} Give me a moment. Let's see if there are any treasure chests that we haven't found yet...
::'''Paimon:''' Seriously? There's no helping you, huh? Hang on a moment, alright, Little Mao?
::'''Little Mao:''' Okay! The cavern's pretty dark, so you've gotta be careful!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Floating Jade, Treasure of Chenyu
|zhs      = 采撷掇拾，沉玉浮琼
|zhs_rm   = Cǎixié Duōshí, Chényù Fúqióng
|zht      = 採擷掇拾，沉玉浮瓊
|zht_rm   = Cǎixié Duōshí, Chényù Fúqióng
|zh_tl    = Collecting and Keeping the Floating Fine Jade of Chenyu
|ja       = 摘採拾集、沈玉に浮かぶは瓊玉なり
|ja_rm    = Tekisai Shuushuu, Chongyoku ni Ukabu wa Keigyoku Nari{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 가라앉은 옥을 찾아서
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Tesoros jadeados de Chenyu
|es_tl    = Chenyu's Jade Treasures
|fr       = Richesses obtenues ; trésor de Chenyu
|fr_tl    = Obtained Wealth; Treasure of Chenyu
|ru       = Нефрит в реке, сокровище Чэньюй
|ru_tl    = Jade in the River, Treasure of Chenyu
|th       = รวบรวมหยกล้ำค่า สมบัติแห่ง Chenyu
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Thu Thập Ngọc Quý, Báu Vật Trầm Ngọc
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Chenyu, Tal der versunkenen Jade
|de_tl    = Chenyu, Vale of the Sunken Jade
|id       = Giok Melayang, Pusaka Chenyu
|id_tl    = Floating Jade, Relics of Chenyu
|pt       = Jade Flutuante, Tesouro de Chenyu
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Uçan Yeşim, Chenyu Hazinesi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Giada fluttuante, Tesoro di Chenyu
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}