{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70528
|image         = Floral Pursuit.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Windblume's Breath
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|A Gathering of Outlanders|showType=0}}
|characters    = Plauen; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Cider Lake]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Cider Lake
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Windblume's Breath/Floral Pursuit|Floral Pursuit]] subevent.
|voiced        = 
}}
'''''Floral Pursuit''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Windblume's Breath]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Mondstadt]]'s side gate to look for [[Plauen]]
# Talk to Plauen

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Plauen of the Adventurers' Guild seems to be busy with something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Plauen)
:'''Plauen:''' *sigh* Can the Guild really manage this amount of work...
:'''Plauen:''' Ah, Traveler! My apologies for not noticing you sooner. I had some Guild affairs on my mind...
:'''Plauen:''' You must be here in Mondstadt for the Windblume Festival, I presume?
:'''Plauen:''' You're just in time: The Guild has just come up with a little game &mdash; a guaranteed romp with prizes to be won!
:'''Plauen:''' How about it? Wanna give it a go?
:'''Plauen:''' Let me introduce this little game to you first. The person who designed it calls it "Floral Chess."
:'''Plauen:''' He said that his inspiration came from the billowing petals and the wind that pursues them...
:'''Plauen:''' And the game is meant to imitate the... romanticism of pursuing these flower petals...
:{{DIcon}} That's, uh, quite the story...
:{{DIcon}} That's, ah, kinda complicated...
:'''Plauen:''' Well, this inventor is a bard, so he has more of... You know, an imagination.
:'''Plauen:''' Basically, when you're playing this form of chess, you need to collect as many Bloom Balloons within the chessboard as possible.
:'''Plauen:''' You'll have to avoid various obstacles in the process... and there'll be some tools on hand to lend you some support...
:'''Plauen:''' That fellow even wrote an entire manual for this game, which I'll let you have a look at later.
:'''Plauen:''' If you're interested, you're welcome to play. Remember, prizes are guaranteed just for participating!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Floral Pursuit
|zhs     = 万风逐花
|zhs_rm  = Wànfēng Zhúhuā
|zht     = 萬風逐花
|zht_rm  = Wànfēng Zhúhuā
|zh_tl   = Ten Thousand Winds Chasing Flowers
|ja      = ブロッサムを追い求めて
|ja_rm   = Burossamu wo Oimotomete
|ja_tl   = Pursuing Blossoms
|ko      = 꽃을 쫓는 바람
|ko_tl   = Wind Chasing After Flowers
|es      = Persecución floral
|es_tl   = Floral Chase
|fr      = Poursuite florale
|fr_tl   = Floral Pursuit
|ru      = Цветочная погоня
|ru_tl   = Floral Pursuit
|th      = หมื่นวายุคล้อยบุปผา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Muôn Gió Nghênh Hoa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Blütenjagd der zehntausend Winde
|de_tl   = Flower Chase of Ten Thousand Winds
|id      = Angin yang Mengejar Bunga
|id_tl   = The Wind Chasing Flowers
|pt      = Perseguição Floral
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Çiçek Kovalamacası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Inseguimento floreale
|it_tl   = Floral Pursuit
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

[[es:Persecución floral (misión)]]
[[ja:ブロッサムを追い求めて]]
[[pt-br:Perseguição Floral]]
[[ru:Цветочная погоня]]