''This article is about the event quest. For the event challenge, see [[Invitation of Windblume/Festive Challenges#Floral Freefall|Festive Challenges]].''
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70654
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Invitation of Windblume
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Ode to Flower and Cloud]]
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|characters    = Lizzie; Traveler
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
}}
'''Floral Freefall''' is a quest in [[Invitation of Windblume]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Lizzie]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|During the Windblume Festival, the area around Mondstadt will play host to all sorts of interesting activities. The Knights of Favonius' Lizzie would like to introduce you to one of the highlights of this event &mdash; "Floral Freefall."}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Lizzie)
:'''Lizzie:''' Hey there! Have you tried any of the events that I recommended?
:{{DIcon}} They're not bad.
:{{DIcon}} They're not as fun as I imagined.
:{{DIcon}} I'll check them out in a moment...
:'''Lizzie:''' Hahaha, you might as well try a brand-new event that I'm promoting now &mdash; "Floral Freefall"!
:'''Lizzie:''' This event is really thrilling! If you're into adventuring, it's sure to be something right up your alley!
:'''Lizzie:''' Jump down from way up high and float through the air, screaming at the top of your lungs &mdash; YAHOO~!
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like something I'd enjoy.
:{{DIcon}} Seems that you'd be more into that than me.
:'''Lizzie:''' Haha, if it weren't for my duties as a hostess, I'd be on my merry way there.
:'''Lizzie:''' Just like before, if your score is high enough, you can claim a reward.
:{{DIcon}} I'll have a look.
:{{DIcon}} Excuse me then.
:'''Lizzie:''' Sure, go try it out! When our future events begin, I will introduce them to you as well.
:'''Lizzie:''' Have fun!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Gameplay Tutorial==
During the Windblume Festival, corresponding event billboards will display the challenge locations for Floral Freefall.<br />Once the challenge has begun, participants will descend from a platform in the sky '''and collect a variety of Flower Balls''' to obtain and accumulate points. '''Touching the ground or running out of time will end the challenge'''.

Collect different types of Flower Balls to obtain different amounts of points. Of these, the '''green Fluorescent Flowerballs''' are worth 35 points, while the '''Honey-Petal Crowns made from orange Windwheel Asters''' are worth 200 points. The '''elaborate Finish Line Garland''' is worth 400 points. Aside from this, your remaining time will be converted to points once you complete the challenge. Each second remaining is worth 10 points.

You can also enter Floral Freefall with friends in Co-Op sessions and compete with one another.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Floral Freefall
|zhs     = 风中万花
|zhs_rm  = Fēng Zhōng Wàn Huā
|zht     = 風中萬花
|zht_rm  = Fēng Zhōng Wàn Huā
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 風の中の花々
|ja_rm   = Kaze no Naka no Hanabana
|ja_tl   = Flowers in the Wind
|ko      = 바람 속의 꽃
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Flores en el viento
|es_tl   = Flowers in the Wind
|fr      = Chute florale
|fr_tl   = Floral Fall
|ru      = Тысячи цветов на ветру
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ดอกไม้ในเวหา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Muôn Hoa Trong Gió
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Blumen im Wind
|de_tl   = Flowers in the Wind
|id      = Mengudara Bersama Bunga
|id_tl   = Flying With Flowers
|pt      = Flores no Vento
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[pt-br:Flores no Vento]]