{{Book Collection Infobox
|image     = Book Flowers for Princess Fischl.png
|quality   = 4
|volumes   = 1
|publisher = 
|author    = Mr. Nine
|vol1      = Sold by [[Kuroda]] at the [[Yae Publishing House]] in [[Inazuma City]]
}}
'''Flowers for Princess Fischl''' is a [[Book Collection]] which can be bought from [[Kuroda]] at the [[Yae Publishing House]] in [[Inazuma City]].

==Vol. 1==
{{Description|The preliminary volume of the "Flowers for Princess Fischl" series.<br />This work originally came in a violet and black wooden box as a limited edition gift, but many hardcore fans of the series who wanted to collect the whole saga were enraged by the great amount of content versus the small number of copies printed. Due to this, Yae Publishing House would name this book "Volume 0" and sell it separately. Eventually, the original work, the boxed collector's edition, and Volume O would all come to be regarded as standard by fans.}}

'''Phantasmagoria'''

"... The dream lives on."

Such words surely must appear the midst of every tale, and they are largely the words of the {{tt|Kaiserin|German for &quot;empress&quot;}} of the {{tt|Immernachtreich|German for &quot;evernight-empire&quot;}}. This, surely, is not the enigma that concerns the greatest majority of readers, but we must still start here nonetheless.

'''Ozvaldo Hrafnavins'''<br />
The mighty lord of the {{tt|Nachtraben|German for &quot;night-raven&quot;}}. If Fischl's strength in battle might be considered a ten, and the Beasts of the World should have an average of fifteen, then Ozvaldo's strength may be considered thirteen. His great power was on display when he destroyed {{tt|Dämmerung|German for &quot;twilight&quot;}} in Volume 1.

<nowiki>*</nowiki>That said, the {{tt|Nachtvorhang|German for &quot;night-curtain&quot;}} is itself the nemesis of {{tt|Dämmerung|German for &quot;twilight&quot;}} anyway. As for the feelings that Ozvaldo holds towards Fischl, Mr. Nine does not believe it to be romance, but more likely a form of imprinting common to bird-kindred.<br />
([[Yae Miko|Editor-in-Chief]]'s Note: Regardless of what the author says, dear readers, you are free to interpret the personal relationships of the characters from Immernachtreich however you like.)

Aside from this, the title "Prince {{tt|Nachtraben|German for &quot;night-raven&quot;}}" is not a particularly high-flown one, considering that the night ravens have always been known for being conspirators and bearers of curses. Ozvaldo likely insisted on this title, for how could a mere "King of the Night" call himself thus before the Immernachtreich?

'''Beast of the World: Gesamtkunstwerk'''<ref group="Note">{{Lang|{{w|Gesamtkunstwerk}}|zh=最大杰作Gesamtkunstwerk<!--German included-->|zh_tl=The Greatest Masterpiece Gesamtkunstwerk}} is a German term that roughly translates to "total artwork." In art, it refers to works that incorporate many or all forms of art.</ref><br />
In certain probabilities, this is the Beast of the World that the Immernachtreich would be faced with in this cycle. Its battle strength is around thirty.

In a distant causality, if the philosopher Zarathustra<ref group="Note">{{Lang|Zarathustra|zh=苏鲁支}} is another name for {{w|Zoroaster}}, an ancient Iranian prophet who founded {{w|Zoroastrianism}}. The term "Zarathustra," in both English and Chinese, is also commonly used to refer to {{w|Friedrich Nietzsche}}'s work ''{{w|Thus Spoke Zarathustra}}''.</ref> was not chosen, then the opera writer would have gained victory in the contest over the will of the world.

Once Gesamtkunstwerk takes the stage in the opera theater of the apocalypse, many more Beasts of the World that reside within the center of the universe will inexorably begin to appear as well.

In the final volume, the weakness of the Beast of the World: Saint of Seven Tears (whose combat strength was ten, and therefore equal to Fischl) was quite out of the ordinary, and the Saint merely wept for Zarathustra at first, a choice that seems undeserving of any blame.

Both Zarathustra and The Musician exist to give praise unto the Prinzessin der {{sic|Vererteilung}}. One proclaims the agony she suffers in her heart, while the other proclaims the grandeur of her travails. The Prinzessin, of course, will not favor the latter, for of such things would she be ashamed.

'''Sommernachtgarten'''<ref group="Note">''Sommernachtgarten'' is German for "summer night garden." The original Chinese term is {{zh|夏宫灵囿|tl=Summer Palace Spirit Garden}}. The term {{zh|囿}} specifically refers to ancient Chinese gardens built for emperors and nobles to hunt and play in. This term is the same one used in the description for [[Midsummer Courtyard]] and is also referred in the name of a soundtrack, ''[[Sieh an, mein Sommernachtgarten!]]''.</ref><br />
It is said that those who are highly skilled in the magical arts will possess their own unique domains of consciousness. Their loves, hatreds, yearnings, jealousies, adherence, and passions of the soul will be stored here. In the fictional tales of other novels, this space is called Summerland.<ref group="Note">In the original Chinese version, the term "Summerland" is written as {{zh|夏土（Summerland）<!--German included-->|lit=Summer Earth/Soil}}, indicating that the Chinese characters should be read as ''Summerland''.</ref><br />
The Sommernachtgarten of the Prinzessin is something in this vein. That this concept was never well-explored in the end remains quite the pity.

'''The Suspected Eternal Return'''<br />
Quite a few of the finer points of the tale have caused people to wonder if the {{tt|Kaiserin|German for &quot;empress&quot;}} of the Immernachtreich once experienced all that Fischl has. Fischl's father is undoubtedly not a mere shade. He is majestic and mighty, and helps Fischl to dispel her confusions. As for Fischl's mother, the {{tt|Kaiserin|German for &quot;empress&quot;}}, her actions and deeds show her to have quite an interesting character indeed. But she will only speak one line, which is, as was noted earlier in this text, "the dream lives on."

In the final volume, Fischl's mother had already faded away, and so this volume, naturally, did not have this preceding line.<br />
But as the universe entered its denouement and all things within it flowed into the Immernachtreich, she spoke another line of enigmatic intent&mdash;<br />
"Find meaning somewhere. The night deepens."

"Find meaning somewhere. The night deepens, but the dream lives on."<br />
Dear readers, I hope that you will all find happiness in this world where the sun still rises each day.

'''Collection of Questions and Answers'''

'''Q:''' Dear Mr. Nine, may I ask what the relationship between the Celestial Emperor's daughter in "[[Legend of the Shattered Halberd]]" and Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort is?

'''A:''' I felt that the tragedy that unfolded toward the end of Volume 5 of "Legend of the Shattered Halberd" was due to the male protagonist, and the Celestial Emperor's daughter's attraction to him. As such, I wanted to write a Prinzessin der {{sic|Vererteilung}} who had no need of a male protagonist. This was the scaffold that would come to be "Flowers for Princess Fischl."

Eventually, though, I did write the sixth volume of "Halberd," which rescued the ending. There was probably some cross-pollination in the process of writing two series at the same time, but I was personally quite pleased with the result.

'''Q:''' In a fight between Mir's dad (Khan the Asura and his sword Laevatain) at full strength versus Gesamtkunstwerk, who would come out on top?

'''A:''' I originally intended to refuse to answer this question, but the editor-in-chief said that she'd axe my next manuscript if I didn't. In which case, my Mora would be on Gesamtkunstwerk.

'''Q:''' Mr. Nine, you mentioned in "Farewell Frau Welt"<ref group="Note">''Frau Welt'' is German for "Lady World." She is an allegorical figure representing the deceptive appearance of worldly things. Seen from the front, she is a beautiful and attractive woman, however her back is horrid &mdash; filled with pus and covered with vermin.</ref> that you were suffering from hair loss. Are you doing better now?

'''A:''' Could the Yae Publishing House not accept this sort of question? And do people actually read what gets added in these new editions?<br />
(Editor-in-Chief's Note: Oh, but the readers are very concerned about you! And yes, they are also very concerned with the purchase of new editions.)

==Trivia==
*[[Fischl]] styles herself after the main character of this novel and named Oz after the main character's most loyal partner, Ozvaldo von Hrafnavines.

===Notes===
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Flowers for Princess Fischl
|zhs     = 菲谢尔皇女夜谭
|zhs_rm  = Fēixiè'ěr Huángnǚ Yè Tán
|zht     = 菲謝爾皇女夜譚
|zht_rm  = Fēixiè'ěr Huángnǚ Yè Tán
|zh_tl   = Nighttime Stories of Princess Fischl
|ja      = フィッシュル皇女物語
|ja_rm   = Fisshuru Koujo Monogatari
|ja_tl   = Tale of Princess Fischl
|ko      = 피슬 황녀 야화
|ko_rm   = Piseul Hwangnyeo Yahwa
|ko_tl   = Princess Fischl Nights
|ko_note = Korean version title is motivated from one of Korean translations of {{w|One Thousand and One Nights}}.
|es      = Flores para la princesa Fischl
|es_tl   = Flowers for Princess Fischl
|fr      = Fleurs pour la Princesse Fischl
|fr_tl   = Flowers for Princess Fischl
|ru      = Цветы для принцессы Фишль
|ru_tl   = Flowers for Princess Fischl
|th      = Fischl เจ้าหญิงแห่งความมืด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Fischl Princess of Darkness
|vi      = Cổ Tích Về Công Chúa Fischl
|vi_tl   = The Fairy Tale of Princess Fischl
|de      = Die Nacht der Prinzessin Fischl
|de_tl   = The Night of Princess Fischl
|id      = Bunga untuk Tuan Putri Fischl
|id_tl   = Flowers for Princess Fischl
|pt      = Flores para a Princesa Fischl
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Prenses Fischl'ın Çiçekleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fiori per la principessa Fischl
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[es:Flores para la princesa Fischl]]
[[fr:Fleurs pour la Princesse Fischl]]
[[id:Bunga untuk Tuan Putri Fischl]]
[[pt-br:Flores para a Princesa Fischl]]
[[ru:Цветы для принцессы Фишль]]
[[th:Fischl เจ้าหญิงแห่งความมืด]]