{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Flower of Accolades.png
|set   = Tenacity of the Millelith
|piece = Flower of Life
}}
{{Description|A flower made from gold leaf. It represents the glories and honors attained by its wearer}}
'''Flower of Accolades''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Tenacity of the Millelith]].

==Description==
In an age when solemn songs were sung from the clifftops, a meteorite once fell into [[the Chasm]].<br />Out of the depths of the boundless night sky above, the iron meteorite plummeted to the ground, turning the earth to Glazed Sand Crystal on impact.

Though human life is fleeting, [[Morax|Rex Lapis]] personally ordered the [[Millelith]] to rush to the defense of the mines.<br />As [[the Abyss]] flooded forth, the Millelith escorted countless civilians to safety.<br />Miners tell tales of a small number of troops from the rearguard, who remained in the Chasm.<br />Together with the [[Bosacius|nameless yaksha]], they fought courageously until they, too, made the ultimate sacrifice among the jagged rocks.

In time, the names of both mortals and adepti alike were forgotten.<br />In time, even the mountains and rivers change form. Yet there will never come a time for their honorable deeds to be forgotten.<br />Like this gold-leafed flower, they will shine on forever.<br />500 years on, the harbor city remains as steadfastly peaceful today as the day the disaster was quelled.<br />And still, the troops wear this golden flower with pride, in honor of the sacrifice made by their forebears.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Flower of Accolades
|zhs     = 勋绩之花
|zhs_rm  = Xūn Jì zhī Huā
|zht     = 勳績之花
|zht_rm  = Xūn Jì zhī Huā
|zh_tl   = Flower of Achievements
|ja      = 偉勲の花
|ja_rm   = Ikun no Hana
|ja_tl   = Flower of Great Achievement
|ko      = 공로의 꽃
|ko_rm   = Gongro-ui Kkot
|ko_tl   = Flower of Service
|es      = Flor del Honor
|es_tl   = Flower of Honor
|fr      = Fleur honorifique
|fr_tl   = Honorary Flower
|ru      = Цветок почестей
|ru_tl   = Flower of Honor
|th      = Flower of Accolades
|vi      = Hoa Chiến Công
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Belobigungsblume
|de_tl   = Commendation Flower
|id      = Flower of Accolades
|pt      = Flor da Conquista
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Övgü Çiçeği
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fiore dell'onore
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Tenacity of the Millelith}}

[[fr:Fleur honorifique]]
[[ja:偉勲の花]]