{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Flowering Life.png
|set   = Vermillion Hereafter
|piece = Flower of Life
}}
{{Description|An ancient memento. It still looks as alive as the being that preserved it several centuries ago.}}
'''Flowering Life''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Vermillion Hereafter]].

==Description==
Even the ancient cinnabar cliffs were once home to lovely blooming flowers.<br>
Even in the era when blackened blood flowed freely, they were not stained by even the smallest smidge of mud.<br>
<br>
While the [[Millelith]] stands guard, evil shall never prevail. Even should the enemy be dark demons, this would not change.<br>
The silent mountain people and the steel moon constructed their peaceful camp.<br>
<br>
"Oh daughter of the cliffs of Glazed Sand Crystal, weep not for me."<br>
"I was born in the shade of [[Mt. Tianheng|Tianheng]], and I fight to repay [[Rex Lapis]]' mercy."<br>
"I entrust my life to the four-armed [[Yaksha]], and we shall go into the glowing depths."<br>
"The shadowed road of the darkest pits we shall tread, we shall brave the stony crystal halls."<br>
"We will face the defilement arising from the depths, the twisted beasts that dwell there."<br>
"These horrors and their strangeness shall not put me to flight or fear."<br>
<br>
The night wind interrupted the Millelith soldier's words, causing him to be unable to finish what he had to say.<br>
He simply left this small flower for that young daughter of the mountain tribe as a memento, a ward against forgetting.<br>
<br>
"The only thing I truly fear is to be lost and forgotten."<br>
"Should ill fate dictate that I am to be buried in some nameless place, do not forget me."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Flowering Life
|zhs      = 生灵之华
|zhs_rm   = Shēnglíng zhī Huá{{Assumed}}
|zht      = 生靈之華
|zht_rm   = Shēnglíng zhī Huá{{Assumed}}
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 生霊の華
|ja_rm    = Seirei no Hana{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = Flower of Life Spirits
|ko       = {{tt|생령|生靈}}의 꽃
|ko_rm    = Saengnyeong-ui Kkot
|ko_tl    = Flower of Life
|es       = Flor de la Vitalidad
|es_tl    = Flower of Vitality
|fr       = Vie fleurie
|fr_tl    = Flowery Life
|ru       = Цветение жизни
|ru_tl    = Flowering of Life
|th       = Flowery Life
|vi       = {{tt|Tinh Hoa|精華<!--?-->}} {{tt|Sinh Linh|生靈}}
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Essenz des Lebens
|de_tl    = Essence of Life
|id       = Flowering Life
|pt       = Brilho da Vitalidade
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Çiçeklenmiş Yaşam
|tr_tl    = Blooming Life
|it       = Fiore della vitalità
|it_tl    = Flower of Vitality
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Vermillion Hereafter}}

[[fr:Vie fleurie]]
[[ja:生霊の華]]
[[th:Flowering Life]]
[[tr:Çiçeklenmiş Yaşam]]
[[vi:Tinh Hoa Sinh Linh]]
[[zh:生靈之華]]