{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Fluttering Footsteps in the Fields
|image             = Fluttering Footsteps in the Fields.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-12-05 13:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-12-10 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/26078
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20221202wanderer-dwvz/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Wanderer; Arasaka; Arapas
}}
{{Description|Sumeru's environment is different from that of Inazuma. It is green as far as the eye can see.}}
'''Fluttering Footsteps in the Fields''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.2]].

==Event Duration==
December 5, 2022 13:00 – December 10, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
[[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Description==
# During the event, observe what the Wanderer is interested in, collect his experiences, and record his silhouettes. Upon completion, you will receive in-game items as rewards.
# When your gathered records lack the Wanderer's silhouette, complete the designated sharing missions to successfully complete the record.
# There are three special records in total. Collect and record all of them and complete the designated missions to claim the event's wallpaper.
{{Card|Primogem|40|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Vayuda Turquoise Fragment|3|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Mora|20,000|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2|show_caption=1}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please claim it in time.
# The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fluttering Footsteps in the Fields
|zhs     = 飘然踏绿茵
|zhs_rm  = Piāorán Tà Lǜyīn
|zht     = 飄然踏綠茵
|zht_rm  = Piāorán Tà Lǜyīn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 芝生を飄然と進みて
|ja_rm   = Shibafu wo Hyouzen to Susumite
|ja_tl   = Proceeding Aimlessly Through the Grass
|ko      = 유유히 풀밭을 거닐며
|ko_tl   = Walking Leisurely in the Grass
|es      = Deambulando por la espesura
|es_tl   = Wandering Through the Thicket
|fr      = En douceur dans la verdure
|fr_tl   = Gently in the Greenery
|ru      = По зелёным просторам
|ru_tl   = Over Green Fields
|th      = ย่ำละล่องขจีงาม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Phiêu Lưu Đồng Xanh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Sanft ins Grüne
|de_tl   = Smooth Into the Green
|id      = Menjelajahi Dunia Nan Hijau
|id_tl   = Exploring the Green World
|pt      = Vagando pelo Matagal
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Çimenlerin Üstünde Çırpınış
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Vagabondo nella foresta
|it_tl   = Wanderer in the Forest
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

[[es:Deambulando por la espesura]]
[[fr:En douceur dans la nature]]
[[ru:По зелёным просторам]]
[[ja:芝生を飄然と進みて]]