{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41170
|type          = World
|event_name    = Gliding Challenge
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Qiongji Estuary
|summary       = Hughes convinces the Traveler to partake in a gliding challenge.
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Guili Plains]], [[Liyue]]
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
*Unlocks [[Gliding Challenge]] Event
|characters    = Hughes; Traveler
}}
{{For|the main event|Gliding Challenge}}
'''Fly High''' is an [[Event Quest]] that unlocks the [[Gliding Challenge]] event.

==Steps==
#Speak to [[Hughes]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The adventurer Hughes is a wind glider fanatic. To that end, he travels the world, constantly polishing his gliding skills. Recently, he seems to have discovered several prime gliding spots...}}
{{dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Hughes)
:'''Hughes:''' Yes... Yes! This place is good. It's a good spot for takeoff!
:{{DIcon}} Takeoff from where?
:'''Hughes:''' From a suitable location, of course? Oh, hello, Traveler. Nice to meet you. I'm Hughes, an adventurer.
:'''Hughes:''' Well, I say that... But I've honestly spent more time researching ways to use my wind glider, than I have at the Guild.
:{{DIcon}} Ways to use your wind glider?
:'''Hughes:''' Indeed. It's a real science, it is.
:'''Hughes:''' Someone who put on a pair of wind gliders can soar with the birds, but others... Well, they don't get very far.
:'''Hughes:''' Ultimately, it has to do with individual differences in one's grasp on various gliding techniques.
:'''Hughes:''' The best way to refine one's technique, to whit, is via practical drills.
:'''Hughes:''' Traveler, you have a wind glider, too, right? I've just discovered a most excellent spot from which one can utilize wind gliders...
:'''Hughes:''' So, how about it? How would you like to spread your wings and soar?
:{{DIcon|!}} (Gliding Challenge) I'll do that.
:;(Gliding Challenge Tutorial pops up)
:{{DIcon}} I've got other things to do right now...
::'''Hughes:''' Sure, go finish what you have to do first.

;(Talk to Hughes again)
:'''Hughes:''' How about it? Are you ready to start the gliding challenge?
:{{DIcon}} Start Gliding Challenge
:;(Gliding Challenge menu pops up)
:{{DIcon}} I'm not ready yet...
::'''Hughes:''' I see. Make your preparations, then, and come find me again once you're done.
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fly High
|zhs     = 展翼高飞
|zhs_rm  = Zhǎn Yì Gāo Fēi
|zht     = 展翼高飛
|zht_rm  = Zhǎn Yì Gāo Fēi
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 空へと羽ばたく
|ja_rm   = Sora he to Habataku
|ja_tl   = Spread Wings to the Sky
|ko      = 하늘로 날아오르다
|ko_rm   = Haneullo Naraoreuda
|ko_tl   = Fly to the Sky
|es      = ¡Abre tus alas!
|es_tl   = Open Your Wings!
|fr      = Toujours plus haut
|fr_tl   = Ever Higher
|ru      = Высокий полёт
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = สยายปีกแล้วบิน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chắp Cánh Bay Cao
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Höhenflug
|de_tl   = High-Altitude Flight
|id      = Terbang Tinggi
|id_tl   = Fly High
|pt      = Voe Alto
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}