{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Tutorial Flying Squirrels' Aerial Adventure 1.png
|type         = Exploration
|region       = Simulanka
|area         = Forest of Blessings
|event        = Summertide Scales and Tales
}}
'''Flying Squirrels' Aerial Adventure''' is an exploration mechanic in [[Forest of Blessings]], [[Simulanka]]. With this mechanic, the player must control a flying origami squirrel to fly through multiple flower garlands.

==Mechanics==
; Passing through garlands
* If the flight path of the squirrel goes through a flower garland or flower ball, then those garlands/balls will be highlighted. Otherwise they will not be highlighted.
* If the squirrel does not go through all expected flower garlands or flower balls, then the squirrel will immediately return to the player and the puzzle will reset.

; Flower Balls and additional garlands
* If the squirrel hits a flower ball, it will stop in mid-air rather than immediately returning to the player.
* When the squirrel is stopped in mid-air after hitting a flower ball, the player can recall the squirrel and it will fly back to the player in a straight line rather than in a curved line.
* Hitting a flower ball usually triggers more flower garlands to appear, and the player must recall the squirrel in a way that its goes through all of those garlands.

; Flower's Awakening Fury
* When the squirrel hits a [[Flower's Awakening Fury]], it will turn on a wind current that can push flower garlands.
* If [[Cimest|Princess Cimest]] enters these wind currents, she will be pushed along the path of the current and will not immediately return to the player once she reaches the end of the current.

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Flying Squirrels' Aerial Adventure; Flower's Awakening Fury; Windwalker Princess}}

==Dialogue==
===Trials of the Three High Mountains===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the group of paper squirrels around a Luxurious Chest)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Elder Paper Squirrel:''' You're all adults now...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Elder Paper Squirrel:''' Go and complete the trials of the {{Color|bz|three high mountains}},
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Elder Paper Squirrel:''' And prove your worth as flying squirrels!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Elder Paper Squirrel:''' Win your gift of majority.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel A:''' This trial is way too tough...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel B:''' Why don't we go over there first...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel C:''' I've heard that the trials are very tough...
----
;(Follow Paper Squirrel B)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel D:''' Ack, I'm so nervous...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Alpaca A:''' Give it a go.

;(Complete the trial)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel B:''' It worked!
----
;(Approach the hilichurls)
:;(If the player has already approached the squirrels around the Luxurious Chest)
::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel C:''' It's dangerous over here!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Alpaca B:''' Help, please!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel E:''' Take cover!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel E:''' Forget the treasure!

;(Defeat the hilichurls)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Alpaca B:''' Thank you! That was a real close shave!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel E:''' Are you alright?
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Alpaca B:''' Thanks to this hero who saved me...
:;(If the player has already approached the squirrels around the Luxurious Chest)
::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel C:''' What's going on here?
----
;(Approach the Luxurious Chest after completing the three trials)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Elder Paper Squirrel:''' You got rid of those monsters.
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Elder Paper Squirrel:''' And you've helped the young'uns regain their confidence.
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Elder Paper Squirrel:''' Here. Take this as our thanks.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Elder Paper Squirrel:''' What a fearless champion...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Flying Class===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel A:''' Flying Class, Lesson One!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel B:''' Wow, that's tough...

;(Complete the puzzle)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel A:''' That's neat!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Furious Flowers===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the paper squirrel)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Paper Squirrel:''' Let's try waking those furious flowers!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Flying Squirrels' Aerial Adventure
|zhs      = 飞鼠的空中冒险
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 飛鼠的空中冒險
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = モモンガの空中冒険
|ja_rm    = Momonga no Kuchuu Bouken
|ja_tl    = Flying Squirrels' Aerial Adventure
|ko       = 날다람쥐 공중 모험
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Las aventuras de las ardillas voladoras
|es_tl    = The Adventures of the Flying Squirrels
|fr       = Aventure aérienne des écureuils volants
|fr_tl    = Flying Squirrels' Aerial Adventure
|ru       = Воздушное приключение белки-летяги
|ru_tl    = Flying Squirrel's Aerial Adventure
|th       = กระรอกบินผจญภัยในอากาศ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Mạo Hiểm Trên Không Của Sóc Bay
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Die luftigen Abenteuer des Flughörnchens
|de_tl    = The Flying Squirrel's Aerial Adventures
|id       = Petualangan Udara Tupai Terbang
|id_tl    = Flying Squirrels' Aerial Adventure
|pt       = Aventuras Aéreas de Esquilos Voadores
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Uçan Sincapların Havadaki Maceraları
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Le avventure degli scoiattoli volanti
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}