{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|element          = Hydro
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = None
|title            = God of Justice
|affiliation      = The Seven
|affiliation2     = 
}}
'''Focalors'''<ref>{{Quest|A Toast to Victory}}</ref>, the '''God of Justice''', is the current [[Hydro]] [[Archon]] among [[The Seven]] and presides over [[Fontaine]].

Little is currently known about her, besides the fact that she is not one of the original members of The Seven who emerged after the end of the [[Archon War]].<ref name="C1A3P3">{{Ref/Quest|Solitary Fragrance|q='''Ganyu:''' But five of those original seven had already passed before Rex Lapis &mdash; it's truly a changing of the guard. [...] only Barbatos of Mondstadt remains of the first Seven.}}</ref>

==Profile==
===Introduction===
{{Quote|My ideals have no stains.<br />I must correct you. People here bear no sins in the eyes of the gods... Only laws and the Tribunal can judge someone.<br />They can judge even me. So praise my magnificence and purity.|Focalors, in the description for [[Varunada Lazurite Gemstone]]}}

===Personality===
{{Quote|The God of Justice lives for the spectacle of the courtroom, seeking to judge all other gods. But even she knows not to make an enemy of [[Celestia#Relationship to the Archons|the divine]].|[[Dainsleif]]<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/TAlKhARUcoY Teyvat Chapter Storyline Preview: Travail｜Genshin Impact (Contains spoilers)]</ref>}}

==Story==
===History===
At some point after The Seven were established as rulers of [[Teyvat]], the previous Hydro Archon passed away and Focalors was instated in her place.<ref name="C1A3P3" />

The previous Hydro Archon had a wish to connect with all the people of the world, so she sent the Lochfolk, including the strongest among them, [[Rhodeia of Loch]], all over the world to act as the spies of Fontaine. After the passing of the previous Hydro Archon, the Lochfolk did not recognize the new Hydro Archon and have cut off ties from Fontaine.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Life Flows On (II)}}</ref>

===Archon Quests===
The current Seven are all briefly mentioned in "[[Downtown]]" while [[Zhongli]] is inspecting the kites that represent them. Of the God of Justice's kite, he says ''"Justice flows across the surface of the waters."''

In [[A Toast to Victory]], [[Nahida]] mentions that while she doesn't directly preside over trials, she is still present and has the right to influence the final verdict.

==Trivia==
* In ''The Lesser Key of Solomon'', "Focalor" is a Great Duke of Hell and the 41st demon, having thirty legions of demons under his command. According to the grimoire, Focalor has power over the wind and the sea, can cause death by drowning and save those about to perish in a watery grave. His hope was to return to Heaven after a thousand years, but he was deceived.
* The English name for the Hydro character ascension materials derives "Varunada" from {{w|Varuna}}, a Vedic deity associated with the sky, seas, justice, and truth. In the Hindu Puranas, he is the god of oceans.
** In the Chinese version, "Varunada" is instead {{zh|涤净|rm=Díjìng|tl=Cleansing, Purging.}}
* In English voice-overs, her name is pronounced as the francophone reading ("Fau-sa-lor", Foçalors) instead of the standard Latin reading ("Foe-ka-lors") of "Focalors."

==Other Languages==
{{Flex|
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Focalors
|zhs     = 芙卡洛斯
|zhs_rm  = Fúkǎluòsī
|zht     = 芙卡洛斯
|zht_rm  = Fúkǎluòsī
|ja      = フォカロルス
|ja_rm   = Fokarorusu
|ko      = 포칼로스
|ko_rm   = Pokalloseu
|es      = Focalors
|fr      = Foçalors
|ru      = Фокалорс
|th      = Focalors
|vi      = Focalors
|de      = Focalors
|id      = Focalors
|pt      = Focalors
|tr      = Focalors
|it      = Focalors
}}
|<!--
===God of Justice===
{{Other Languages
|en      = God of Justice
|zhs     = 正义之神
|zhs_rm  = Zhèngyì zhī Shén
|zht     = 正義之神
|zht_rm  = Zhèngyì zhī Shén
|zh_tl   = God of Justice
|ja      = 正義の神
|ja_rm   = Seigi no Kami<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/iRDcHzO3qZI Teyvat Chapter Storyline Preview] (Japanese Voice-Over)</ref>
|ja_tl   = God of Justice
|ko      = {{tt|정의|正義}}의 {{tt|신|神}}
|ko_rm   = Jeong'ui-ui Sin
|ko_tl   = God of Justice
|es      = Diosa de la Justicia
|es_tl   = Goddess of Justice
|fr      = Déesse de la justice
|fr_tl   = Goddess of Justice
|ru      = Богиня справедливости
|ru_tl   = Goddess of Justice
|th      = เทพแห่งความยุติธรรม
|th_rm   = Thep haeng Khwam Yutithamma
|th_tl   = God of Justice
|vi      = {{tt|Thần|神}} {{tt|Chính Nghĩa|正義}}
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Göttin der Gerechtigkeit
|de_tl   = Goddess of Justice
|id      = Dewa Keadilan
|id_tl   = God of Justice
|pt      = Deus da Justiça
|pt_tl   = God of Justice
|tr      = 
|it      = 
}}-->
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Focalors]]
[[fr:Foçalors]]
[[pl:Focalors]]
[[pt-br:Focalors]]
[[th:Focalors]]
[[vi:Thần Chính Nghĩa]]