{{About|the quest|the location|Foggy Forest Path}}
{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Foggy Forest Path
|id            = 74082
|image         = Foggy Forest Path.png
|type          = World
|group         = 
|chapter       = The Wild Fairy of Erinnyes
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Pahsiv; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Marcotte Station]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Marcotte Station
|prev          = 
|next          = Within the Depths of Erinnyes
|concurrent    = Wilting Weeping Willow
|concurrent2   = Furious Mouth of the Spring
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Primogem*40;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Foggy Forest Path''''' is a quest in the {{Quest|The Wild Fairy of Erinnyes}}.

There are three versions of the quest, depending on the number of {{Item|Teardrop Key|text=Teardrop Keys}} in the player's possession.

==Steps==
* Start the quest either by interacting with the inscription on the fountain in [[Marcotte Station]], or by completing one of the concurrent quests ''[[Wilting Weeping Willow]]'' or ''[[Furious Mouth of the Spring]]'' first.
# Search for the [[Foggy Forest Path]]
#* This step only appears if the Carved Stone Tablet at Marcotte Station was interacted with.{{Verify}}
# Go deeper into Foggy Forest Path
# Reveal the altar's secrets
#* Complete the three [[Harmonious Reed Pipe]] puzzles in the area.
# Examine the item on the altar
# Talk to [[Pahsiv|the Melusine]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You discovered the mysterious Foggy Forest Path. What treasures lie hidden here?}}
===Common Dialogue===
The following dialogue is obtained regardless of which version of the quest is obtained.
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Read the Carved Stone Tablet on the left-hand fountain statue when approaching from the Marcotte Station [[Teleport Waypoint]], optional)
:'''Inscribed Stone Tablet:''' (Most of the inscription has been scratched out, but you can make out "...clear dew... sings on the Foggy Forest Path...")

;(Read the other two Carved Stone Tablets, optional)
:'''Inscribed Stone Tablet:''' (Everything has been scratched out, nothing legible remains.)
----
;(Interact with the Mysterious Altar)
:'''Mysterious Altar:''' (Most of the inscription has been scratched out, but you can make out "...clear dew... three...")
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh! The words here have been scratched out too! Someone must be hiding something!
:{{DIcon}} "Clear dew"?
::'''Paimon:''' What does clear dew represent? Crystal clear dew? But there's water all over the place!
::'''Paimon:''' As for the word three, does that represent three drops of water? Ugh, this is such a headache...
::{{DIcon}} Come on, Paimon, let's ask your super keen treasure-detecting senses!
:{{DIcon}} Three?
::'''Paimon:''' Does it represent three things?
::'''Paimon:''' And as for clear dew, does it represent crystal clear dew? But there's water all over the place! Ugh, this is such a headache...
::{{DIcon}} Come on, Paimon, let's ask your super keen treasure-detecting senses!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's done that! A&mdash;Anyway...
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, it says the answer is linked to three and water, so let's look around!
:;(Camera pans to the large tree)

;(Interact with the Mysterious Altar again, optional)
:;(Camera pans to the large tree)
:'''Mysterious Altar:''' (Most of the inscription has been scratched out, but you can make out "...clear dew... three...")

;(Complete all three puzzles and cause three orbs to appear on the tree)
:'''Paimon:''' What's happening at the altar? Let's check it out!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Version 1===
This version is obtained if the player has no Teardrop Keys.
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with the Carved Stone Tablet at Marcotte Station, optional)
:'''Inscribed Stone Tablet:''' (Most of the inscription has been scratched out, but you can make out "...clear dew... sings on the Foggy Forest Path...")
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! So many words have been scratched out! These look like introductions to attractions, don't they? Bah, some tourists are just so inconsiderate.
:{{DIcon}} Tourists usually only write stuff, don't they?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... That's true, like writing "{{Traveler}} and Paimon were here" and stuff... No! Wait! We're good people, we wouldn't do that...
:'''Paimon:''' Then it's strange, isn't it? Why would they scratch out the words? And just leave that bit in...
:'''Paimon:''' There are so many scratches on this sentence too! Paimon bets they didn't manage to scratch it out completely! Lucky Foggy Forest Path, you slipped through the cracks...
:{{DIcon}} So, what is this Foggy Forest Path?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Do they mean that the forest paths are super foggy?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon feels like checking it out! Y'know, it sounds like the sort of thing that might lead to secret treasure, doesn't it? That's how it is in the books, anyway. Hehe.
:{{DIcon}} Which stall did you get that book from?
:{{DIcon}} Which library did you get that book from?
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon doesn't just eat all day! Paimon has a strong feeling that there's treasure hidden in this Foggy Forest Path, and that's why it was covered up!
:'''Paimon:''' Never mind that, {{Traveler}}! It's treasure-hunting time with your best friend, Paimon, and her super treasure-detecting senses!
----
;(Approach the Foggy Forest Path)
:'''Paimon:''' Look! It's super foggy over there. Is that the Foggy Forest Path? Let's go investigate!
----
;(Pick up the item on the altar)
:'''Paimon:''' Um, that drop of water... That can't be the treasure, can it?
:{{DIcon}} It doesn't look like treasure.
:'''Paimon:''' That's what Paimon thought. It can't be that easy. But what is it, then?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it is key to containing the Demon King.
::'''Paimon:''' What? But that means catastrophe! Quick, put it back. Paimon hopes we're not too late!
::'''???:''' Ah...
::'''Paimon:''' Oh no! It's the Demon King!
::'''???:''' The Demon King? Melusine.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe someone else put it here.
::'''Paimon:''' What? Oh no, that makes us thieves. Ohh, Paimon's sorry... Let's put it back, quick.
::'''???:''' Ah...
::'''Paimon:''' Oh no! The boss is back!
::'''???:''' The boss? Melusine.
:'''Paimon:''' Gah, you gave Paimon a fright there... A Melusine, huh? What are you doing here?
:'''???:''' Key.
:'''Paimon:''' Key? What key? Is this drop of water a key?
:'''???:''' Pahsiv.
:'''Paimon:''' Er... The drop of water is Pahsiv?
:'''???:''' Melusine.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh my! What do you mean? Is the drop of water a Melusine? Paimon's getting dizzy. What on earth is this? Aren't you the Melusine here?
:'''???:''' Pahsiv...
:'''Paimon:''' Er... You're a Pahsiv? Or is your name Pahsiv? Wait... No, don't answer. You'll just make Paimon dizzier...
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, Paimon's decided to call you Pahsiv. Is that okay?
:'''Pahsiv?:''' Melusine...
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}... What should we do? Paimon can't understand a thing she's saying. What is she trying to say?
:{{DIcon}} You can understand what we're saying, can't you?
:'''Pahsiv?:''' Pahsiv...
:{{DIcon}} This drop of water is a key, right?
:'''Pahsiv?:''' Pahsiv.
:{{DIcon}} You're not a person, are you?
:'''Pahsiv?:''' Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Er... Let's not be rude all of a sudden, shall we?
:{{DIcon}} I'm not a person, right?
:'''Pahsiv?:''' M&mdash;Melusine?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! Wait! Paimon thinks she's starting to understand. "Pahsiv" is yes and "Melusine" is no. Could that be it?
:'''Pahsiv?:''' Pahsiv! Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' So you're not called Pahsiv. Sorry, Paimon got your name wrong earlier.
:'''Pahsiv?:''' Pahsiv... likes...
:{{DIcon}} You like the name?
:'''Pahsiv?:''' Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Wonderful! Then that's what Paimon's gonna call you, hehe. This is {{Traveler}}. We're glad to meet you, Pahsiv. Paimon's never met a Melusine like you.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon, Pahsiv! {{Traveler}}, Pahsiv!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Erinnyes... Melusine...
:'''Paimon:''' ...So you mean Erinn-no? Or... Err...
:{{DIcon}} Something wrong with Erinnyes?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Erinnyes, Melusine, now...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv, Erinnyes, protect...
:'''Paimon:''' So, something bad is happening to Erinnyes, and you want to protect it?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon, {{Traveler}}, Erinnyes, ka-pow, ka-pow...
:'''Paimon:''' Err... So that's five words now. So... you want Paimon and {{Traveler}} to punch Erinnyes? Like KA-POW?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Melusine!
:{{DIcon}} You want us to help?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, so she wants help from us. That's good. Paimon didn't know how we could punch Erinnyes, with it being a whole island and all...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Ka-pow, ka-pow.
:{{DIcon}} Will there be any rewards?
::'''Pahsiv:''' Re... ward?
::'''Paimon:''' Oh come on, {{Traveler}}! Pahsiv can barely talk! She won't be able to find anyone else to help her, so we should just do it!
::{{DIcon}} What do we need to do?
:{{DIcon}} What do we need to do?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, key, key, number.
:'''Paimon:''' And then? How many keys is that, now?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key! Key! Key!
:{{DIcon}} Three keys?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv! Key, foggy road, south...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, spring, north...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, willow, east...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, that's what you mean... Let's make a note real quick... Three keys in total, one in the southern foggy road, one in the northern spring, and one in the eastern willows... Is Paimon right?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, key, key, square, west.
:'''Paimon:''' And there are three keys in the square to the west?
:{{DIcon}} Collect three keys and go to the square?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon, Melusine! {{Traveler}}, Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh c'mon, Pahsiv, do you have to always make it sound like {{Traveler}} is cleverer than Paimon? We're clearly of more or less equal intellect!
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, we've already got one key, so all we need to do is find the remaining two.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Erinnyes, Melusine... Pahsiv, protect!
:'''Paimon:''' Relax. Paimon doesn't know what's happened, but we're going to help you protect Erinnyes for sure.
:'''Paimon:''' But if Paimon could add one small point, Pahsiv, Paimon would like to say that if you happen to see anything shiny, round, and unwanted, or some expensive-looking chest...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, it would be just wonderful if you could let us know!
:{{Black Screen|Pahsiv scratches her head as she tries to understand, then gives two more happy jumps and leaves in a bit of a hurry.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, she ran straight off. Guess she must have something really urgent to work on. {{Traveler}}, shall we go looking for those two keys now?
;(Obtain {{Item|Teardrop Key}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Version 2===
This version is obtained if the player already has one Teardrop Key.
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Pick up the item on the altar)
:'''Paimon:''' And that's another key for us. Now all we need to do is find the final one.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, key, Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, Pahsiv! Where did you come from?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Disappeared, Pahsiv.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay then... Paimon's never met a Melusine so unique... And Paimon thought Melusine all lived in the Court of Fontaine or Merusea Village. How come you're out here?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Court of Fontaine? Merusea Village?
:'''Paimon:''' You seem confused. Haven't you heard of those places?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Court of Fontaine, Melusine... Merusea Village, Melusine...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Ah... Erinnyes, Pahsiv, home.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Erinnyes, Pahsiv, protect!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, you're saying that this is your home? And that you're protecting it?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv!
:{{DIcon}} But don't the Melusine live in Merusea Village?
:'''Paimon:''' Yes, that's kinda strange. Are some Melusine born elsewhere? Paimon can't see any others here though.
:'''Paimon:''' Pahsiv, do you live here alone?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Alone? Melusine. That visitor! Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' That.. visitor? There's a visitor? Who?
:'''Pahsiv:''' That.. visitor! Paimon, Paimon, {{Traveler}}, {{Traveler}}. That visitor, that visitor.
:{{DIcon}} So who is that visitor, exactly?
:'''Paimon:''' Pahsiv... are you trying to say that visitor is called that visitor, like Paimon is called Paimon?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Ah-ha! I was right. Paimon's always said that she's clever, hasn't she?
:{{DIcon}} It's a very strange name.
:{{DIcon}} That's an awesome name.
:'''Pahsiv:''' That visitor, Pahsiv, knowledge, ka-pow.
:'''Paimon:''' Err... you mean that the visitor is helping you learn things?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv! Lots of. Language, wisdom... lots of.
:'''Paimon:''' Er, Paimon's not sure about the "lots of" bit...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv, that visitor, protect, ka-pow.
:'''Paimon:''' And he helps you protect this place?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Melusine...
:{{DIcon}} You help him protect this place?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' So that's it... But who is this visitor? And why does he need you to help protect this place, anyway?
:'''Paimon:''' Some bad things have happened here, too. We saw the stone tablet, and how someone had scratched out the inscription. And we saw lots of filth... Are there enemies around?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Curious Paimon, Pahsiv! But time very not lots of.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, key, key, square, west, ka-pow, ka-pow.
:{{DIcon}} We'll be as quick as we can!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon, Pahsiv! {{Traveler}}, Pahsiv!
:{{Black Screen|Pahsiv gives two happy jumps and then leaves in a bit of a hurry.}}
:'''Paimon:''' It looks like we really are pressed for time. But we've already got two keys, so let's press on and get the third!
;(Obtain {{Item|Teardrop Key}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Version 3===
This version is obtained if the player already has two Teardrop Keys.
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Pick up the item on the altar)
:{{Black Screen|A glittering pearl of water appears on the altar.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Awesome! Now, we have the third key.
:;(Pahsiv appears behind them)
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, key, key!
:{{DIcon}} Disappeared, Pahsiv!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon, Pahsiv! {{Traveler}}, Pahsiv! Key, key, key!
:'''Paimon:''' Square, west!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe. Is this what you're trying to say? Don't worry, we're going there now.
;(Obtain {{Item|Teardrop Key}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/txtCAPqnyhQ
|caption1 = All three puzzle solved
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Foggy Forest Path
|zhs     = 幽林雾道
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 幽林霧道
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 霧の幽林道
|ja_rm   = Kiri no Yuurindou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Foggy Forest Path
|ko      = 그윽한 숲속 안갯길
|ko_tl   = Quiet Forest's Misty Path
|es      = Senda Silvícola Caliginosa
|es_tl   = Foggy Forest Path
|fr      = Chemin forestier brumeux
|fr_tl   = Misty Forest Path
|ru      = Путь в Туманном лесу
|ru_tl   = Foggy Forest Path
|th      = Foggy Forest Road
|vi      = Đường Sương Rừng Rậm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Nebelpfad im einsamen Wald
|de_tl   = The Foggy Path in the Lonely Forest
|id      = Jalan Hutan Berkabut
|id_tl   = Misty Forest Path
|pt      = Caminho da Floresta Nevoenta
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sisli Orman Yolu
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sentiero della Foresta nebbiosa
|it_tl   = Foggy Forest Path
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}