{{About|the faction|the subarea|New Fontaine Research Institute|the area|Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region}}
{{Faction Infobox
|image        = Fontaine Research Institute.png
|affiliation  = 
|region       = Fontaine
|area         = 
|founder      = [[Alain Guillotin]]
}}
The '''Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering''', often shortened to the '''Fontaine Research Institute''' or just the '''Institute''', is an organization in [[Fontaine]].<ref name="VCR">{{Ref/Quest|Vibro-Crystal Reharmonization}}</ref>

==Profile==
The Fontaine Research Institute is a research center dedicated to studying machines and energy. Many of its inventions benefit Fontaine, such as the clockwork mechanisms and kinetic cores created by their founder [[Alain Guillotin]]. Most mechanical inventions come from the Fontaine Research Institute. Unlike the [[Sumeru Akademiya]], it does not exercise any administrative responsibility over the people of Fontaine or aim to educate.

According to [[Augustus Lovelace]], it used to be a paradise for researchers until [[Raimondo]] and [[Choiseul]] took over, where afterwards the spirit of research at the institute has been in freefall.

One of the primary purposes of the research institute was to search for solutions to the [[Prophecy of Fontaine|prophesied flood]] that will dissolve the people of Fontaine and the researchers believed harnessing the energy of [[Arkhium]] to defy gravity was considered the key. [[Edwin Eastinghouse]], a Senior Technician, created the [[Prototype Cal. Breguet]] series of [[Clockwork Meka]] to alleviate the water situation. While conducting his research, the field generator's Arkhium core {{Not a Typo|overloaded}}, resulting in a massive explosion that leveled most of the institute, sending several giant blocks of Allogravity-Condensed Water Bodies and remnants of the old ruins in the sky.<ref name="PSB">PlayStation.blog: [https://blog.playstation.com/2023/09/15/genshin-impact-version-4-1-to-the-stars-shining-in-the-depths-out-september-27/ Genshin Impact version 4.1: To the Stars Shining in the Depths out September 27]</ref>

As a result of the disaster, the institute was forced to recollect and built a [[New Fontaine Research Institute|new location]] near the old ruins while maintaining what was not destroyed in the explosion. The [[Callas Line]] was also shut down.<ref>{{Ref/BB|Court of Fontaine: Court Region Waterway Hub|Aquabus Station Notice}}</ref>

According to [[Salsa]], the [[Central Laboratory Ruins]] in the sky have been rebuilt and the Institute is "considering launching a "Ruins Tour" for outsiders". She also says that the currently used building is not as pretty as the ruins and that the Institute has "financial problems".<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Good Stuff, but Terrible Taste (Belleau Region)}}</ref>

The Institute is fairly controversial in their own nation, as their lack of responsibility has often resulted in a lack of accountability and infamy; [[Elphane]] claims that an Institute Technician can drone on for a day without any relevant information or perspective, which she finds "ghastly". The [[Mekafish]] were also developed by the Institute to help clean Fontaine's waters, but they began killing fish as part of their cleaning tasks, resulting in [[Linorea]] holding a grudge against them for believing their nonsense.

During the events of [[Fontaine Research Institute Chronicles]], the Traveler helps the institute. In the process, [[Nacker]], a researcher who worked with Edwin, created a smaller explosion which Raimondo believed him to be attempting to sell and the Arkhium core for a fortune. Nacker's tampering also reactivated the prototype generator, which the Traveler managed to shut down and replaced them with inhibitors to help stabilize the Arkhium traces in the ruins, stopping it from exploding at any point for the time being. For their efforts, they were given the title of Honorary Senior Researcher, while Paimon was given the title Assistant to the Honorary Senior Researcher. They would eventually track Nacker down, who had acquired another benefactor named [[Concini]]. During their investigation, they also discovered that Edwin was also alive, both men trying to continue their research into Arkhium. Nacker's plans were eventually foiled and both men were brought back to the Institute, where they were subsequently fired and sent to the [[Fortress of Meropide]].

==Members==
===Current===
* [[Anatole]] &mdash; Engineer
* [[Augustus Lovelace]] &mdash; Researcher
* Bottin &mdash; Research Assistant
* [[Bricole]]
* [[Broglie]]
* [[Chalmet]]
* [[Chisseray]]
* [[Choiseul]]
* [[Conjat]]
* [[Damestier]]
* [[Delerue]]
* [[Denichere]]
* [[Desnos]]
* Dupre &mdash; Research Assistant
* [[Fusilier]]
* Givalois<ref>{{Ref/Item|Portable Aerodynamic Gelatinous Bubble Generator}}</ref>
* [[Hautemontagne]]
* [[Heinry]]
* [[Honorine]]
* Joseph Diodenes &mdash; Senior Researcher
* [[Lanty]]
* [[Macadell]]
* [[Maillardet]] &mdash; Research
* Maurice Juglar &mdash; Department Director (Mathematics and Statistics)
* [[Paimon]] &mdash; Assistant to the Honorary Senior Researcher (As of the [[World Quest]] Series [[Fontaine Research Institute Chronicles]])
* [[Patrice]]<!--researching minerals and elemental energy ([[Vibro-Crystal]])-->
* [[Raimondo]]
* [[Salsa]]'s parents
* [[Sevigne]]
* The [[Traveler]] &mdash; Honorary Senior Researcher (As of the [[World Quest]] Series [[Fontaine Research Institute Chronicles]])
* [[Refait]] &mdash; Senior Researcher
* [[Vuillermoz]]
* [[Xavier]]<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Recollections of a Fontainian}}</ref> &mdash; Researcher

===Former===
* [[Alain Guillotin]] &mdash; Founder (Deceased)
* Mr. [[Bletchley]]
* Mr. [[Bossuet]]
* [[Bravais]] &mdash; Senior Researcher (Deceased)
* [[Butor]] (Deceased)<ref name="ACPC">Interactable: [[Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region#Announcement Concerning Personnel Changes|Announcement Concerning Personnel Changes]]</ref>
* [[Champvallon]]
* [[Clynes]]
* [[Colin]]
* [[Coutrot]]<ref name="ACPC" />
* [[Delaroche]]
* [[Edwin Eastinghouse]] &mdash; Senior Technician (dismissed, subsequently fired)
* [[Estelle]]
* [[Fawitzki]] &mdash; Senior Researcher
* [[Genevieve]]
* [[Hugues]]
* [[Jurieu]]
* [[Lelienne]] &mdash; Engineer
* [[Lourvine]]
* [[Mosso Lombroso]] (Deceased)
* [[Nacker]] &mdash; Senior Researcher (fired)
* Mr. Poitier
* [[Rena]]
* [[Teilhard]] (Deceased)
* [[Yvette]]

==Known Departments==
* Advanced Artificed Technology Research and Development Department<ref name="SU">Archive: [[Subdetection Unit#Descriptions|Subdetection Unit]]</ref>
* Department of Statistics and Mathematics<ref>Interactable: [[New Fontaine Research Institute#Book Donation Statistics|Book Donation Statistics]]</ref>
* Natural Ecological Environment Monitoring Department <small>(dissolved after the accident)</small><ref>{{Ref/Item|Maintenance Mek: Platinum Collection}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* {{Furnishing Mentions}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fontaine Research Institute
|zhs     = 枫丹科学院
|zhs_rm  = Fēngdān Kēxuéyuàn
|zht     = 楓丹科學院
|zht_rm  = Fēngdān Kēxuéyuàn
|zh_tl   = Fontaine Scientific Institute
|ja      = フォンテーヌ科学院
|ja_rm   = Fonteenu Kagaku-in
|ja_tl   = Fontaine Scientific Institute
|ko      = 폰타인 {{tt|과학원|科學院}}
|ko_tl   = Fontaine Scientific Institute
|es      = Instituto de Ciencias de Fontaine
|es_tl   = Fontaine Institute of Science
|fr      = Institut de recherche de Fontaine
|fr_tl   = Fontaine Research Institute
|ru      = Исследовательский институт Фонтейна
|ru_tl   = Fontaine Research Institute
|th      = ศูนย์วิทยาศาสตร์ Fontaine
|th_rm   = Sun Witthayasat Fontaine
|th_tl   = Fontaine Scientific Institude
|vi      = {{tt|Viện|院}} {{tt|Khoa Học|科學}} Fontaine
|vi_tl   = Fontaine Scientific Institute
|de      = Forschungsinstitut Fontaine
|de_tl   = Fontaine Research Institute
|id      = Institut Penelitian Fontaine
|id_tl   = Fontaine Research Institute
|pt      = Instituto de Pesquisas de Fontaine
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Fontaine Araştırma Enstitüsü
|tr_tl   = Fontaine Research Institute
|it      = Istituto di ricerca di Fontaine
|it_tl   = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Instituto de Ciencias de Fontaine]]
[[ja:フォンテーヌ科学院]]
[[pt-br:Instituto de Pesquisas de Fontaine]]