{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12006
|image         = Story Quest Ayaka A1 Food From Afar.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Grus Nivis Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = The Whispers of the Crane and the White Rabbit
|character     = Kamisato Ayaka
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|prev          = Woven Wishes
|next          = Lasting Promise
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*475;Mora*31,125;White Heron Hairpin*1;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|characters    = Kamisato Ayaka; Kiminami Anna; Paimon; Ogura Mio; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Food From Afar''' is the third part of {{Quest|The Whispers of the Crane and the White Rabbit}}.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Kiminami Anna]]
#Give the [[Mushroom Pizza|pizza]] to [[Kamisato Ayaka]]
#*[[Invigorating Pizza]] is not accepted
#*The quality of the Mushroom Pizza does not affect the outcome
#*The dialogue choices in the cutscene after giving the pizza will change quest progression in the ''[[Pizza From Another Land]]'' [[World Quest]]
#Talk to Kiminami Anna
#Return to [[Ogura Textiles & Kimonos]]

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Quest Description|While the clothes are being made, Ayaka suggests that you and Paimon come with her to [[Kiminami Restaurant]] to dine.}}
;(Upon reaching the location)
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are we here? Ooh, it's one of those streetside places! Looks cute and cozy!
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 01.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Welcome!
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Miss Kiminami, how do you do?
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 02.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Aha, Miss Kamisato! Perfect timing. Your booking was for... Well, right now!
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I believe so.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' We'll be sticking to the order I placed in advance. As for the other matter we discussed... Thank you for your help.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 03.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Excellent, no problem. And everything you asked for is ready and waiting.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 04.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Traveler, tiny customer, please wait here for a moment while I prepare your food.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Go ahead and take a seat. There's something I need to take care of, but I'll be back momentarily.
:{{DIcon}} Is something the matter?
:{{DIcon}} Is it a fight? Do you need backup?
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ahem... It's nothing of that sort.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I just have a few minor things I need to attend to. I won't be long.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon''' She sure left in a hurry... Whatever it is, it must be pretty urgent.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 05.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' So, you two are Miss Kamisato's friends?
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 06.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Haha, well, we serve all the classics. Sure there are fancier-looking places out there, but the food here speaks for itself! Hope you enjoy it.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 07.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Over the years we've been in business, we've gotten to know the Kamisato Clan quite well.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 08.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Miss Kamisato and her brother are both fond of our food. They're always sending staff down here to order something and take it back to them.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 09.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Her table booking surprised me &mdash; not least because it was a group reservation! This is the first time I've ever heard of Miss Kamisato going out for dinner with friends!
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The first time ever!? Whoa... Guess that makes us pretty important people, huh!
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 10.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Sure does, and I'm probably crossing the line here, but... I'm just telling you what others have told me. Apparently, Miss Kamisato doesn't have a lot of friends.
:{{DIcon}} ...That really surprises me.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How is that possible? She's so kind and polite to everyone, Paimon would've thought that would make her really popular.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 11.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' That's what I used to think, too. But it turns out the rules of social interaction are a bit more complicated than that.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 12.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Nobody in the neighborhood has a bad word to say about her. They all say she's beautiful, elegant, graceful, not to mention that she belongs to one of the most illustrious clans in the land. In short, they see her as a model young lady.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 13.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' But that's just it &mdash; people look at her and see a model of perfection, and they don't feel like that's something they can relate to. So the majority of kids from ordinary families don't dare even try to talk to her.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 14.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' So you see? On paper, she sounds like a girl everyone would want to get know, but in practice, she finds it difficult to make friends...
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, Paimon never would have guessed...
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 15.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' We don't speak all that much, but we do go quite a way back. I've always admired her for taking on so many responsibilities at such a young age.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 16.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' So it makes me really happy to see her here with friends today!
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 17.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Anyway &mdash; relax, enjoy your meal, and... please talk to her as much as possible. I know she'll appreciate it.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 kiminamianna 18.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Consider it a favor for the whole neighborhood... Look after her for us!
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''???:''' Ah...!
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? That sounded like Ayaka...!
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' *sigh* I'm so sorry, Traveler...
:{{DIcon}} Was that an explosion?
:{{DIcon}} What's going on?
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Could you join me over there for a minute? Um... I need your help with something.
:{{Black Screen|''You head towards the great noise...''}}
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I'm sorry! I didn't want to drag you away all of a sudden... I, um... just had a cooking catastrophe...
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, so that loud noise we heard came from the cooking pot...
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' As you can see, this house is right next to the restaurant. It's where the owner lives.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Actually, this whole compound is the family's private property. I asked Miss Kiminami to prepare some ingredients and utensils for me so that I could cook a special dish here.
:{{DIcon}} Why would you be cooking?
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right! If there's something you wanna eat, you could just order it from the menu!
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Actually... I wanted to cook something as a gift for Tsubaki.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' My mother mentioned in here notebook that Tsubaki enjoys food from all over the world.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' So I thought, if I'm going to meet Tsubaki, perhaps a dish from overseas would make a fitting gift...
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A dish from overseas? So anything from outside Inazuma counts, right?
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If so... then we've got lots of options, don't we?
:{{DIcon}} Actually... I'm a bit of a pro in the kitchen.
::{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 16a.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' That's what I was thinking! You must have picked up a lot of knowledge about different cultures on your travels, hopefully including regional cuisines...
:{{DIcon}} You could say my food is out of this world.
::{{A|vo aylq003 1 paimon 11b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Don't make this weird!
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Can I leave you to finish this task, then? Just as a personal favor... I&mdash;Is that okay...? I'll be indebted to you!
:{{DIcon}} Sure thing.
:{{DIcon}} My time to shine.
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Great! But... what kind of overseas dish would make a suitable gift? It needs to survive a journey from the kitchen to the recipient's doorstep...
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon knows! There's one dish out there that was practically created for this purpose!
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pizza~!
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 19.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ..."Pizza"?
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's an assortment of toppings and sauce spread over a bread base and cooked in the oven. And it's so good!
:{{A|vo aylq003 1 ayaka 20.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...That does sound pretty good.

;(Talk to Kiminami Anna)
:{{A|vo aylq003 2 kiminamianna 01.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Hi Traveler &mdash; is everything okay?
:{{A|vo aylq003 2 kiminamianna 02.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' I don't see Ayaka looking so flustered very often... Whatever it is, it must be a tricky situation.
----
{{Quest Description|update|While the garment is being made, Kamisato Ayaka offers to treat you and Paimon to a meal at Kiminami Restaurant. During that time, Ayaka also wants to finish a specially-made overseas cuisine. As you have seen much and are knowledgeable in the culinary arts, you decide to help. And who knows &mdash; the product of your kindness might be preserved somewhere in some form...}}

;(Give the pizza to Kamisato Ayaka)
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Is the pizza ready?

;(After giving the pizza)
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's ready!
:{{DIcon}} Here it is.
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' *sniff* It smells delicious... You're an excellent cook, Traveler.
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' *sigh* I would love to be able to master dishes from all over the world...
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, all you need to learn is a recipe. We can bring you some more recipes in the future, if you like.
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Great! I look forward to learning from your culinary expertise.
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 kiminamianna 01.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' How are you all doing?
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 kiminamianna 02.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Whoa, is this...? Miss Kamisato, this must be the dish you were talking about?
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes, an overseas dish cooked by the Traveler.
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Could I trouble you to package it for me?
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 kiminamianna 03.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Sure, no problem!
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 kiminamianna 04.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Ooh, it smells good! I bet it tastes amazing. Aw, now I really want to put something like this on our menu...
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, want us to teach you how to make it?
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh! Could you?
:{{DIcon}} Sure could.
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon''' The most satisfying meals are the ones you share with other people. So Paimon thinks that our friends in Mondstadt wouldn't mind us sharing this dish with Inazuma.
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 kiminamianna 05.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Really? Aw, that's great, I've always wanted to learn how to cook some international dishes!
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 kiminamianna 06.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' If you can write down a recipe for me, I'll add it to our menu and put a promotion where everyone will see it!
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 kiminamianna 07.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Since we became a closed nation, people haven't had the chance to try anything new. Traveler, you're the best!
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 kiminamianna 08.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' I'll go pack up this dish for Miss Kamisato. Please make your way back to the restaurant whenever you're ready, the food will be waiting for you.
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' You could have sold that recipe for a high price, but you selflessly gave it away for free...
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...You're a wonderful person.
:{{DIcon}} Aw shucks, Ayaka...
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I mean it... I admire you a lot, and I'm so proud to be friends with someone of such fine character.
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Well, you should probably write down the recipe now, no?
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, {{Traveler}}, let's make sure we include all the details and then give it to Miss Kiminami!
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, pizza! Start with the basic ingredients.
:{{DIcon}} Mushroom + Flour
::{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 07a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Correctamundo!
:{{DIcon}} Sea Ganoderma + Lavender Melon
::{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 07b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seriously? Okay, well, you're the chef...
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, now to add the next couple of ingredients!
:{{DIcon}} Cabbage + Cheese
::{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 09a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mmm, yep! That's right!
:{{DIcon}} Naku Weed + [[Fluorescent Fungus]]
::{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 09b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Xiangling]] sure left a deep impression on you, huh...
::{{A|vo aylq003 3 ayaka 12b.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh? Who's Xiangling?
::{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 09b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A friend of ours who's a really talented chef, though she has some strange tastes... Still, she's one of Paimon's favorites!
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now to add the cooking instructions... "Place onto oven rack at high heat and cook till golden brown."
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, it's done!
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Long may our reputations and our recipes precede us, wherever we go in Inazuma!
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I have no doubt that they will. This dish is exquisite.
:{{A|vo aylq003 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cool, then let's get this recipe to Miss Kiminami, pronto!
----
:{{A|vo aylq003 4 kiminamianna 01.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Hey! Have you written out the recipe?
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Here it is!
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 kiminamianna 01.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Thank you!
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 kiminamianna 02.ogg}} '''Kiminami Anna:''' Wowee, this is so exciting! I want to make it right away.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Traveler, Paimon, please accept my sincerest apologies for delaying your meal.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, no problem! Food always tastes better when you've worked up an appetite.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Alright, let's dig in before it gets cold.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Well, what do you think? Is Inazuman cuisine to your liking?
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's amazing! Paimon loved this one... Oh! And especially that one over there.
:{{DIcon}} It was all very tasty.
:{{DIcon}} It was nice to try something new.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Haha, good. I'm relieved.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Um... When I was attempting to cook earlier on, did you... chat with the owner at all?
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' And did she, uh... say anything about me?
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She did, but don't worry, she's just happy for you is all.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' She's... happy for me?
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh... then... she must have told you. D&mdash;Did she, um...
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' *sigh* What does it matter... I know just as well as anybody else that I've got no friends...
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, it's not you, most people just haven't had the chance to talk to you one-on-one before.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thank you for your comforting words, Paimon.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It's all true though. I just... don't have very many friends.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Most of the time I'm either accompanied by family or staff. So everyone must have found it quite a surprise to see me taking you out for a meal...
:{{DIcon}} Don't be silly!
:{{DIcon}} You've got a friend in me.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Exactly! You've got at least two friends right here!
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Aw...
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thank you... that makes me so happy!
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ahem, excuse me... I&mdash;I'm forgetting myself.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey now, expressing your feelings is the right thing to do. Keeping them locked away inside isn't gonna do you any good, now is it?
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I agree! So...
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I just want to say how happy I feel... that you both see me as a true friend.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course we do. That's always been our style - if someone's nice to us, we're nice to them, too!
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Friendship can go a long way! Take your mom for example &mdash; she wrote about Tsubaki in her notebook, and now it's made you want to find them, too.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 19.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes! I think friendship is an extremely precious thing, and ours is one that I will always treasure.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, while we're on the topic though &mdash; who is this Tsubaki person, anyway?
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 20.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Well, I think I have an idea, but it's just speculative at this point.
:{{DIcon}}I'm all ears.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 21.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I think that Tsubaki... might be a fox envoy!
:{{DIcon}} ...?
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A fox envoy?
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 22.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes. That's what I think.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 23.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Even I, my mother's own daughter, had never ever heard of this friend before. It just seems so mysterious. So I think it must be someone with transcendent abilities who doesn't show themselves very often.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 24.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' And fox envoys are nothing new. Stories have been told about them in Inazuma since ancient times.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 25.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' You must have met Guuji Yae before? Well, she's a fox envoy!
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 26.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' That got me thinking, maybe there are fox envoys out there in Inazuma that people just don't know about... and maybe Tsubaki is one of them.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, so Inazuma also has supernatural beings?
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 27.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Uh, when you say "also"...
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, before Inazuma we spent some time in Liyue. They have lots of supernatural beings there, like the adepti.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All kinds of them, too... Up in the sky, down below the ground, in the water...
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 28.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Really... I have come across such things being asserted in books, but to hear someone talk about it from firsthand experience is extremely surprising.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 29.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' So, Liyue lives up to its reputation... Its culture has a long history and gives rise to the most beautiful legends. Quite captivating.
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You should come visit Liyue with us some time. The best part is... they have loads and loads of delicious delicacies!
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 30.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Really? I would love that!
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 31.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Speaking of delicacies &mdash; Traveler, Paimon, have you eaten your fill?
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon has!
:{{A|vo aylq003 5 ayaka 32.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Excellent, then let's collect the kimono. Then we can pay a visit to my mother's mysterious and transcendent friend...
----
;(Talk to Ogura Mio)
:{{A|vo aylq003 6 oguramio 01.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Your garment is ready, Miss Kamisato. I've folded and packages it for you.
:{{A|vo aylq003 6 oguramio 02.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Oh, and the other item we discussed &mdash; that's ready too!
:{{A|vo aylq003 6 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thank you very much.
:{{A|vo aylq003 6 oguramio 03.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' No, thank you! It is a beautiful piece of clothing, and it was a pleasure to work on. See you again next time!
:{{A|vo aylq003 6 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Traveler, I have a gift for you.
:{{DIcon}} Hmm? really?
:{{A|vo aylq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... Looks super fancy! Is that for wearing in your hair?
:{{A|vo aylq003 6 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It's a hairpin in the style of a white heron. As well as a hair accessory, you can also use it as an ornament.
:{{A|vo aylq003 6 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I couldn't ask for your help and offer nothing at all in return, so this is my gift to you.
:{{DIcon}} It's a beautiful gift, thank you very much.
:{{DIcon}} I will take very good care of it.
:{{A|vo aylq003 6 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I'm glad you like it!
:{{A|vo aylq003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Speaking of white herons, that's what your title means, doesn't it? Shirasagi Himegimi. So this gift is like a little piece of yourself. It's just as elegant and beautiful as you are.
:{{A|vo aylq003 6 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hehe, you flatter me, Paimon. If this gift reminds you of me, that is all I could ask for.
:{{A|vo aylq003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee, it definitely will.
:{{A|vo aylq003 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, well, now we've got what we came for, we can set off.
:{{A|vo aylq003 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Time to go meet Tsubaki!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Food From Afar
|zhs     = 他乡之食
|zhs_rm  = Tāxiāng zhī Shí
|zht     = 他鄉之食
|zht_rm  = Tāxiāng zhī Shí
|zh_tl   = Food of a Foreign Land
|ja      = 異郷の料理
|ja_rm   = Ikyou no Ryouri
|ja_tl   = Cooking from Foreign Land
|ko      = 타향의 음식
|ko_rm   = Tahyang-ui Eumsik
|ko_tl   = Food Away From Home
|es      = Manjares de tierras lejanas
|es_tl   = Delicacies From Faraway Lands
|fr      = De la nourriture venue de loin
|fr_tl   = Food That Comes From Afar
|ru      = Еда из дальних стран
|ru_tl   = Food From Distant Lands
|th      = อาหารจากต่างแดน
|th_rm   = Ahan Chak Tangdaen
|th_tl   = Food From a Foreign Land
|vi      = Ẩm Thực Quê Hương
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Essen aus der Ferne
|de_tl   = Food From Afar
|id      = Makanan Dari Bangsa yang Jauh
|id_tl   = Food From Faraway Nation
|pt      = Comida Estrangeira
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Uzaklardan Gelen Yiyecek
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Cibo da lontano
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Manjares de tierras lejanas]]
[[pt-br:Comida Estrangeira]]