{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13037
|image         = Story Quest Footprints Sunken Beneath the Sands.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Lupus Aureus Chapter
|actNum        = II
|part          = 3
|act           = Oathkeeper
|character     = Cyno
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Bamoun; Candace; Cyno; Cyrus (Sumeru); Dehya; Fodil; Paimon; Sethos; Tighnari; Traveler; Irritable Desert-Dweller; Carefree Desert-Dweller
|startLocation = [[Caravan Ribat]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Land of Lower Setekh
|subarea       = Caravan Ribat
|prev          = After Repose
|next          = Sage of Sages
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*500;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Footprints Sunken Beneath the Sands''''' is the third part of {{Quest|Oathkeeper}}.

==Steps==
# Go to Caravan Ribat
# Go to Aaru Village
# Head to the oasis and continue searching for clues
# Follow the mysterious person
# Talk to the mysterious person
# Enter the mysterious area
# Talk to the mysterious person
# Wait for a bit, and talk to everyone (X/2)
# Enter the Temple
#* The player will enter the instanced point of interest [[Temple of Silence (Instance)|Temple of Silence]]


==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Cyrus's strange situation puts everyone on alert, and Cyno went after him alone. As his friends, you, Paimon, and Tighnari could never turn a blind eye to his predicament.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach [[Caravan Ribat]])
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, we've made it to Caravan Ribat. Where should we go next?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Maybe we should ask the nearby guards if they've seen anything?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hold on. Look over there.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that... Dehya?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You sure you wanna brave the desert alone? I mean, it's your choice at the end of the day, but still...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It's not my first time. I'll be fine.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Cyno...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' If you're really going to go through with this, then at least take our advice: When you're packing for your trip, budget for five days more than you plan to spend out there.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Makes sense. Okay, I'll go get ready.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Thought we might find you here. You're trying to retrace Cyrus's steps, aren't you?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Didn't I tell you not to come after me? ...I thought I had a good lead on you.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well sorry, but we never agreed to that. Why would you go off on your own like this?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Nothing personal. It's just a complex situation, and I'd rather not involve anyone else if I can help it.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hah, takes a special kind of person to get Cyno chasing them all the way to Caravan Ribat.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' But why so coy today, huh? You only gave us his age and description, why can't you reveal his name? ...Is he Sumeru's Most Wanted, or something?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Oh, also &mdash; hey guys! It's been a while!
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Dehya and Candace! So nice to see you! Actually, seeing all of our friends is the whole reason we're here!
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You're looking well. Glad to see it.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Candace and I came to Caravan Ribat on business. We ran into Cyno as he was asking about some elderly gentleman's whereabouts.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Some people here say they saw him. Guess he stood out as an older guy heading into the desert alone, with just a sumpter beast in tow, and very few supplies...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' That's gotta be one heck of a story there.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Cyno, it's okay if you can't tell us anything about the case. But let us know how we can support you.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 candace 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' We're here to help however you need. The more people we have working on this, the quicker we'll be able to find the person you seek.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...No, it's not that simple. If I'm right, he'll be doing everything he can to avoid us.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' We spoke with Zaha Hadi. From what she said, it's pretty clear that he wants to try and solve this on his own. It won't be easy trying find him in the desert when he's deliberately trying to cover his tracks.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 candace 04.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Sounds like this is far more complex than we imagined.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Still, if he started from Caravan Ribat, the chances are that his route took him via Aaru Village. You may as well ask if anyone there has seen him.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' My thanks to you both. Once this is resolved, I will find a way to repay you.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Ah c'mon, no need to get all serious. Just buy a round of drinks next time we're all in the city, or something.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' That's a deal.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Alright. So... you all set?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Yes, we'll handle it from here. Thank you again for your help &mdash; I don't take it for granted.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 dehya 12.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Alright, then we'll leave you to it. Just remember, if you change your mind and need some reinforcements, we'll be here.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 candace 05.ogg}} '''Candace:''' And don't think you'd be imposing. You can depend on us.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, we'll keep him outta trouble!

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Candace, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' (Gods above, I pray that you will see the goodness in their hearts, and give them your protection.)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Dehya, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' (Whatever they're getting themselves into, I just hope it isn't too dangerous. Get home safe, everyone.)

;(Talk to Candace or Dehya, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Cyno should count himself lucky that {{Traveler}} and Tighnari got here when they did. What was he thinking, trying to play the lone hero?
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' The desert tests the character of all who enter it, and only those with wisdom and courage shall prevail. But take heart. With his companions by his side, no harm will come to Cyno.
----
;(Approach Aaru Village)
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hold on... There's a few things I'd like to clear up.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Go on.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' So, after you left the campsite, we had a longer talk...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...Hmm. Clearly, we've only scratched the surface of the [[Temple of Silence]] question. It doesn't surprise me at all that the one in the Akademiya is a fake.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Do you have any connecti on with the Temple of Silence?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I do. I trust you're all aware of the spirit that gives me my power? Hermanubis, the original founder of the Temple of Silence.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Due to my unique constitution, I was put through a number of trials in the desert when I was younger. Later, I met the professor, and he brought me to Sumeru City.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' But my memory of that time is hazy. I can't recall much.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It's a good thing that Kaveh noticed the emblem on the letter. Without that, I don't know if we would have connected the dots, and realized there was more to this case than mere extortion.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I did not recognize that symbol at all. Whether that's because I've never seen it, or because my memory fails me... it's hard to say.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yeah, you're right. Thank goodness for Kaveh, and for Alhaitham's diligence during his time as Acting Grand Sage.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Cyrus must have recognized it right away, right? Otherwise, he wouldn't have had any qualms about you reporting it. Maybe his connection to the Temple of Silence goes even deeper than yours!
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I suspect so too. Professor has never once mentioned the Temple of Silence in conversation. And whenever the conversation turns to Hermanubis and the concept of spirit indwelling, he avoids going into any depth.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Well, speaking of avoiding things &mdash; you do realize, don't you, now that we've caught up with you, you're stuck with us for the rest of the way?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I am aware. And I have accepted it.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...Or rather, I don't see how I could manage to ditch you en route. So I might as well accept that you're coming with me.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! Fact is, we're coming with you whether you like it or not. So the best option now is to try to look out for each other. Ha!
:{{DIcon}} You can't get rid of us!
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Fair enough. Then at least let me buy you a drink once we're back in the city.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Works for me. Alright, off we go. Let's start by seeing what the guards here can tell us.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Hello.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 fodil 01.ogg}} '''Fodil:''' Mahamatra Cyno?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 13.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I'm looking for someone, so I'd like to confirm any recent foot traffic in and out of Aaru Village.
:{{Black Screen|Cyno describes Cyrus's appearance and provisions.}}
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 fodil 02.ogg}} '''Fodil:''' A man matching that description passed by Aaru Village not too long ago. He stopped by to load up on food and water, and feed his sumpter beast, then he was on his way.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 14.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Where was he going?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 fodil 03.ogg}} '''Fodil:''' Let me think... He took a seat by the entrance of the village for a while, and had a brief chat with the person who came to deliver the water. He said he was headed... somewhere near an oasis. But he didn't mention which one.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 fodil 04.ogg}} '''Fodil:''' Do you have a map? I can mark out the direction he was heading and the best routes to any nearby oases.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I have one. Mark away.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 fodil 05.ogg}} '''Fodil:''' Great.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 fodil 06.ogg}} '''Fodil:''' ...There you go.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 cyno 15.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Thank you so much. You were a great help.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You've got a really good memory!
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 fodil 07.ogg}} '''Fodil:''' Ah, you're quite welcome. Just doing my job.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 2 fodil 08.ogg}} '''Fodil:''' Best of luck. I hope you find him soon!
----
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Hold on. I see some people over there.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you think it's safe to ask them what they know?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Should be. I'll g&mdash;
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' No. I'll do it.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why can't Cyno go talk to them? What difference does it make?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Given my background, appearance, and the way I dress, I might not be the most welcome visitor here. Just in case, it's probably better to let a more neutral party handle things.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hello there. Hope I'm not interrupting. My friend and I are looking for an elderly man who's gone missing around these parts. Any chance I could ask you a couple of questions?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh, a missing person, huh? Sure, sure, sure, what do you wanna know?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm just wondering if you've seen him. Let me give you the details...
:{{Color|menu|Tighnari describes Cyrus' appearance and clothing.}}
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 02.ogg}} '''???:''' ...So, a silver-haired guy in a long robe, cultured type with thoughtful eyes... And he's traveling alone.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 stranger01 01.ogg}} '''Carefree Desert-Dweller:''' He'd stand out like a sore thumb around here.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Yeah. Sounds like the kind of guy we'd remember if we saw him.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' (He's looking behind me?)
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh oh, that guy's looking our way...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Your friend over there stands out a lot, too.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 05.ogg}} '''???:''' Hey! Aren't you Cyno, the General Mahamatra?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Yes, that's me.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 06.ogg}} '''???:''' You don't seem surprised that I recognized you.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It wouldn't be the first time.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 07.ogg}} '''???:''' You're the one looking for the old man who's gone missing, aren't you?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' (I have a bad feeling about this guy...)
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 08.ogg}} '''???:''' Someone's on edge. You don't trust me much, do you?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 09.ogg}} '''???:''' No need to hide it, I understand why you're wary of us. Still, you came to us asking for help &mdash; do you want it or not?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I thought you were a group of merchants. Seems I was mistaken.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Your henchmen don't look like much. But something tells me they'd put up a better fight than most mercenaries.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 10.ogg}} '''???:''' Hey! Hear that, guys? You're my henchmen now.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 stranger01 02.ogg}} '''Carefree Desert-Dweller:''' Suits me. As long as I get paid for it.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 stranger02 01.ogg}} '''Irritable Desert-Dweller:''' Just cut to the chase already. I'm running out of patience.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 11.ogg}} '''???:''' Alright, alright, alright.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 12.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Come with me, all of you.
:{{DIcon}} Where are you taking us?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 13.ogg}} '''???:''' Don't you want to find your friend?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 14.ogg}} '''???:''' Silver-haired, long robe, cultured type with thoughtful eyes... Hahaha, sounds like there's a whole other side to Cyrus I didn't know about.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' So you know where he is?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 sethos 15.ogg}} '''???:''' Just follow me. I'll take you to him.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Irritable Desert-Dweller, optional)
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 stranger02 02.ogg}} '''Irritable Desert-Dweller:''' (These are the guys we've been waiting for, huh? They ain't what I expected.)

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Carefree Desert-Dweller, optional)
:{{A|vo cnlq103 3 stranger01 03.ogg}} '''Carefree Desert-Dweller:''' (Huh. Those guys are pretty cautious. They just sent one person to try to talk to us.)

;(Talk to Sethos)
:{{A|vo cnlq103 4 sethos 01.ogg}} '''???:''' In here.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? Where are you looking? There's nothing here...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 4 sethos 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Please step back.
:{{Color|menu|The mystery person does a series of motions that resemble a ritual...}}
:{{A|vo cnlq103 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Something's coming out of the ground!
:{{A|vo cnlq103 4 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...What is this enormous building doing here?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 4 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' And how was it so well hidden? ...King Deshret's technology?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Wait, so... Hold on, who are you guys, really...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 4 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Is this... the Temple of Silence? So you're a member?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 4 sethos 03.ogg}} '''???:''' All good questions. There'll be plenty of time to address them later.

;(Enter the Temple of Silence)
:{{A|vo cnlq103 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is not what Paimon was expecting to find in the desert... Especially not hidden right next to an oasis...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhhh... Paimon's scared...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They must have kidnapped Cyrus. D&mdash;Do you think this is the guy Urraca met in the tavern?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 5 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 5 sethos 01.ogg}} '''???:''' What's wrong? Thinking about your professor?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 5 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I just hope for your sake you haven't done anything you might regret.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 5 sethos 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Me too. I hope I haven't done anything to incur your wrath.

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 sethos 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Alright. You can wait here for now.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 sethos 02.ogg}} '''???:''' I'll inform our leader that you've arrived at the Temple of Silence. Sit tight until he comes to greet you.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, so he's just gonna leave us here unattended? Maybe we're not being kidnapped after all.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' They can't have been at the oasis by chance. They were waiting for us... Whoever the leader is here, they were obviously counting on us showing up.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' So this is the Temple of Silence?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' After leaving the rainforest... They hid themselves here?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, look. That guy's coming back.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 sethos 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Don't worry. Someone will come and call for you soon.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' What's your name?
:{{DIcon}} Please. At least tell us what to call you.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 sethos 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Ah. Sorry, guess I was so delighted to see you, I forgot to introduce myself.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 sethos 05.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' My name is Sethos. I'll be here if you need me, but I'm not planning on answering all of your questions. Other than that, you can occupy yourselves however you see fit.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' So we're free to explore by ourselves?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 sethos 06.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Yep. I mean, I'm not worried about you running off.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 sethos 07.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Cyrus is here, and unless I've misunderstood &mdash; you're all quite anxious to see him again.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 6 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...He's right. Well, if we've got some time, we might as well take a look around.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Sethos, optional)
:{{A|vo cnlq103 7 sethos 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' (These guys clearly care a lot about each other. This is a long way for them all to come.)

;(Talk to Sethos)
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Sethos, have you got some time to chat?
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Sure.
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Although I'm assuming by "chat," you mean you have questions for me? Hahaha, I don't blame you. Anyone else would.
:{{DIcon}} So you get a lot of people asking you questions?
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 03.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Not often. The Temple of Silence is a place of quiet and solitude. We don't get too many visitors.
:{{DIcon}} You were the one who tricked Urraca, right?
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 04a 1.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Yes, that was me. Although, "tricked" is a stretch. He was asking everyone in the tavern about ways to make some easy money.
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 04a 2.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' He insisted that nothing was off the table, even if it broke the law. So I told him that Cyrus had embezzled a large sum of Mora from the desert.
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 paimon 02a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you framed Cyrus for a crime that he did not commit!
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 04a 3.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' No no no, that's not entirely true. Let me jog your memory &mdash; the letter just said that he had uncovered Cyrus's secret. It didn't say what secret that was.
::{{DIcon}} Did you tell him to use that wording?
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 04a 4.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Of course. Urraca was a great accomplice, really. Very cooperative with a little bit of wine in him &mdash; did exactly what he was told... And not much of an original thinker though. It doesn't surprise me that he struggles academically.
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 paimon 02a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why did Cyrus leave for the desert as soon as he received the letter?
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 04a 5.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' You'll have to ask him that one yourself. Certain things I can't answer for him. I'm neither judging nor defending him.
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 04a 6.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' All you need to know is that he recognized our emblem, and it was his own choice to take the bait.
::;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Do you know Cyno?
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 04b 1.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Ahaha, what kind of a question is that? He's the General Mahamatra, everyone in Sumeru knows who he is.
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 paimon 02b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, but back at the oasis, you can't have known who he was for sure, or you wouldn't have asked him. So what we're really asking is... Have you never seen him in person before?
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 04b 2.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I've lived in the desert my whole life. Guess you could say... I've never had the pleasure.
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 paimon 02b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... Why does Paimon feel like this guy's not being straight with us...
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 04b 3.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' C'mon, we've only just met. If I give you all the answers up front, you'll have nothing left to look forward to.
::;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Have you ever been to the Akademiya?
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 04c 1.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' No. Not once.
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 paimon 02c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really?
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 04c 2.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I have no need to go there &mdash; not when the taverns are full of the Urracas of this world. Besides, we're well aware of what goes on at that place.
::{{DIcon}} Are you saying you have spies inside the city?
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 04c 3.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Spies? Heh, it's not as clandestine as that. The city gates are wide open, anyone's free to walk in. You can find out all you need to know just by walking around town and hearing the word on the street.
::;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} That's all I wanted to ask.
::{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 sethos 04d 1.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Mhm.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Cyno, optional)
:{{A|vo cnlq103 7 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' (Professor...)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Tighnari, optional)
:{{A|vo cnlq103 7 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' (The situation's even more complicated than I expected. I should make sure I know the way out before we go any further.)

;(Talk to Cyno and Tighnari)
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I never imagined that the true Temple of Silence would be hidden somewhere like this... We've passed through these parts before, but never noticed anything.
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' That's King Deshret's technology for you, I guess. It borders on the miraculous. Amazing to think that's it's been preserved intact all this time...
:{{A|vo dialog cnlq103 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' We should be wary of our hosts. Still, at this point we can be confident that the professor is safe and sound. So that's something.

;(After talking to Cyno, Tighnari, and Sethos)
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 sethos 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Ah, here he is.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 sethos 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Grandfather, the person you wish to see is here.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 01.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' Well done, Sethos.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 02.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' Greetings, one and all. I am Bamoun, the current leader of the Temple of Silence. I know why you are here, and I thank you for your patience... Bring him out.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Professor!
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cyrus, are you okay?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 01.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Argh!
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Watch what you're doing!
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 03.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' Ah, my apologies, we have no intention of causing you distress. But you must understand, Cyrus is of great importance to us. We had to find a way to bring him back to us.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 04.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' Cyrus owes me his life, and to the Temple of Silence he owes a debt of gratitude. I let him go a long time ago, but now, the time has come to demand payment.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 02.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' *sigh* I wanted to end my feud with this old bag of bones before you caught up with me... But you got here so quickly.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 03.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' ...Just leave, Cyno. This is a matter between us two old men. You're all too young to get involved.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' So that's why you didn't want to report the letter. You'd made up your mind to come here from the beginning... You only left in such a hurry to try and throw us off your trail.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 04.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Some things in life catch up with you no matter what you do. You shouldn't have come... let alone brought the others.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Cyno didn't make us do anything. We came here for the same reason he did &mdash; to rescue you. We'd appreciate you telling us the truth, otherwise it seems a little unfair on everyone who had to stay behind.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 05.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' My secrets are secret for good reason... Bringing them to light can only lead to misfortune.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 05.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' You're afraid, aren't you? You can't bring yourself to speak of your past deeds to the students you nurtured as if they were your own children.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 06.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' You recognized our emblem because for many years, you lived among us. Indeed, you all but became one of us.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 07.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' You knew as soon as you saw the letter that we, not Urraca, were the ones speaking to you. It threatened you only because you know what you did. Your own guilt convicted you.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 08.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' For you, Cyrus, are a traitor! You once shared your learning with us, and joined us in our mission to revive the might of Hermanubis, to bring new hope, new opportunity...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 09.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' But then, you betrayed us. You bargained for your independence with your past contributions. And then you left, taking with you Hermanubis's might and the wielder of his power.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 10.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' We both know what I said to you that day. That as the leader, I grant you permission to leave, but that one day, the sands of time will catch up with you. And when that day comes, you must pay the price you owe.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 06.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' ...Ha, you really know how to hold a grudge.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hermanubis' might... and the wielder of his power?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Does he mean you?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Professor? Anything to say?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 07.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' ...Bamoun is right. I came here once before.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 08.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' He rescued me from the brink of death once, many years ago in the desert. When he learned that I was a scholar, he invited me to come here, and revive the might of Hermanubis together.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 09.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' It was a... great, daring plan, and one shrouded in secrecy. The Temple of Silence had been bereft of Hermanubis for too long. The strength of its faith and its warriors were waning...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 10.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Bamoun proposed that we implant Ba Fragments, shards of Hermanubis, into the bodies of suitable vessels. If the experiment was successful, the spirit of Hermanubis would then dwell within the vessel.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 11.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Many believers volunteered themselves for the experiment, but we soon discovered that the bodies of grown adults could not withstand Hermanubis's power. In the end, Bamoun offered his own adoptive grandson.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 12.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' One other child was identified as a suitable vessel... and his parents agreed to release him into our custody, in exchange for a small fortune. These two children were our only hope for hosting Hermanubis's power.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 11.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' For many years, the Temple of Silence had been in possession of two Ba Fragments from Hermanubis. As remnants of his raw power, they were exceedingly rare treasures.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 12.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' The test subjects were sent into a room that had been prepared for the ceremony, and instructed to approach the Ba Fragments, whose power had been amplified. If, after some time, this power did not repel them, this would mean that they were suitable vessels.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 13.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' The original plan was for a three-stage experiment: resonance, implantation, and recovery and observation. The resonance stage went quite smoothly for both candidates.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 14.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' As the second stage began, I realized a decision had to be made. Should we implant the fragments one at a time? This would allow us to monitor the results after the first round, and adjust our plan accordingly. Or alternatively, we could implant each fragment in a different vessel at the same time, and compare their effects.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 15.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' But as I was deliberating, both Ba Fragments suddenly became active. They glowed with a light we had never seen before... I knew that if they were not implanted right away, they would disintegrate, and be gone from the world for good.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 16.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' Our two vessels had both displayed great promise by successfully resonating with the fragments. Under the circumstances, the thought of implanting both fragments into the same vessel seemed out of the question.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 17.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' To preserve our faith and our power... We implanted each of them with a single fragment.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 13.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Ultimately, I ended the experiment and left, taking one of the children with me.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 18.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' In recognition of your past contributions, I chose not to send someone to hunt down and kill you both. Your lives were spared, but I have paid a great price for your betrayal ever since.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 19.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' I have always wanted to see you, Cyno. Losing you and your Ba Fragment dealt us a devastating blow. We've been in decline ever since you left.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I see... So that's how I gained my power.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 14.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Look... In essence, I borrowed your Ba Fragment for a decade or so, and now you are seeking justice. If you want to take my life, then so be it. I'm an old man now, anyway.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 15.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' But you cannot lift a finger against Cyno. He is the General Mahamatra. Your actions would be seen as a declaration of war against the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 20.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' I'm sure you don't remember anymore, dear Cyno, but you've met us all before. You were so young then, when we all gathered around and celebrated the revival of our lord.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 21.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' You and he, Sethos &mdash; you were our final hope.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' You'd like me to return my power?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 22.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' As a follower of Hermanubis, I have allowed this power to remain in the rainforest for far too long. Now, it is time to reclaim it.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 16.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' That power is not yours to reclaim! Cyno was chosen by the gods, you cannot take what they have bestowed!
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 23.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' You are wrong. Cyno was chosen, but he was not the only one. My child, Sethos, has the same gift as he.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' So those are your terms for freeing the professor?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 24.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' Despise me all you want. My sins are my own &mdash; the Temple of Silence is an innocent party. It is because of my foolishness all those years ago that the temple's glory has waned, and now I must take responsibility for the decision I made back then.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' So what you're saying is, the power of one Ba Fragment is not enough. You're asking me to return the one in my possession, so it can be implanted in him instead?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 17.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Divine power causes great suffering to those who wield it. How do you know that Sethos would be able to withstand it?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 25.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' He is no longer a small child. But regardless, this burden is ours to bear, and your objections mean little given that you turned your back on us long ago.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Both my heart and my mind are telling me that what you are proposing is a terrible idea. However...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 18.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Don't listen to him, Cyno! That power is no more yours to give than it is his to take! You have to understand!
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I know. But if this is a question of your freedom versus a fragment of power, then... There is nothing to debate.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Sorry to interrupt, but in my view, there are a number of contentions here that still need addressing.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Say that Cyno refuses to return his power, and you also refuse to release Cyrus. Then we are at an impasse. I find it hard to believe that you went to all this effort without planning for that possibility.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You're trying to gauge where we stand while keeping your remaining cards close to your chest. Well, my stance is &mdash; put the rest of your cards on the table. Then we can have a discussion.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 26.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' Wait, those ears... So, we have a descendant of the [[Tighnarian|Valuka Shuna]] in our midst? Splendid... Hahaha, fate smiles upon us after all!
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 27.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' Everything we have longed for, Hermanubis will provide. Perhaps, this very day... *cough* *cough*
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 28.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' *cough*...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why is he coughing so much? He looks like he's in really bad shape...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Bamoun's condition is critical. He must have been forcing himself to act strong...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (His eyesight must be failing him, too. Otherwise, he would have noticed Tighnari's ears right away.)
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 19.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Bamoun! You...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 sethos 03.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Take our leader back to his room.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 bamoun 29.ogg}} '''Bamoun:''' Sethos!... *cough* You...
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 sethos 04.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Grandfather, I know what you wish to say. Leave this in my hands.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 sethos 05.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I don't like to drag out conversations, so I'll just cut to the chase.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 sethos 06.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Had Cyrus not stopped the experiment all those years ago, the plan would most likely have been a success. The wisdom of Hermanubis would have been ours.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 sethos 07.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Still, it's no use talking about what-ifs. We cannot change the past.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 sethos 08.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I'm not like my grandfather. The Temple of Silence has a grand legacy and a sacred duty to fulfill, so it's somewhat inevitable for the leader to have an inflated sense of self.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 sethos 09.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' But I see things a little differently. I don't believe the Temple has the same stature that it once did. Time has worn away at its prestige, and changed things almost beyond recognition.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 sethos 10.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' So I'm not going to force your hand. You're all free to leave &mdash; except for Cyrus. My grandfather gave him his chance once, and now I'm giving the rest of you yours.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 20.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Haha... You have courage and wise judgment, kid. Reminds me a lot of Bamoun in his younger years.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 21.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' I just... I truly wish that the Temple would take an objective look at the Akademiya of today. You've been to the city yourself. I'm sure you've seen that much has changed for the better.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 spantamadcyrus 22.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' And things will only continue to improve. Why not consider cooperating with the Akademiya once more?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 sethos 11.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' If you hadn't betrayed my grandfather, I might well be open to persuasion. But it's a bit too late for that now, Cyrus.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 13.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Tighnari made a good point earlier. He said there has to be more to your plan than this, and I agree.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 14.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' All you and Bamoun are after is the Ba Fragment. The professor will accept whatever fate you deem fit for him out of a sense of guilt &mdash; I am the one who has a choice to make, and that's how it was always going to be.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 15.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Ultimately, you want to trade the Ba Fragment for the professor, correct?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 sethos 12.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I'm glad to see you're giving it some serious consideration.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 16.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I won't forsake my professor, nor do I intend to run from a problem that I must face sooner or later. Give me one night to make my decision.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 sethos 13.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' That works. Then I'll be waiting to hear your verdict, Cyno.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 sethos 14.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Oh, my grandfather still has a fair few things he wants to say to Cyrus, so I'll be escorting him back now.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Are you sure about negotiating with him?
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 cyno 17.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I need to think this through. Everyone, let's meet again later tonight. Until then, take some time for yourself.
:{{A|vo cnlq103 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright... Well, don't put too much pressure on yourself, Cyno! If you need any help working things out, just come and find us!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Footprints Sunken Beneath the Sands
|zhs      = 沉沙下的足迹
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 沉沙下的足跡
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 沈砂の下の足跡
|ja_rm    = Chinsa no Shita no Ashiato
|ja_tl    = Footprints Beneath the Sand
|ko       = 모래 속 발자취
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Huellas bajo la arena
|es_tl    = Footprints Under the Sand
|fr       = Empreintes sous le sable
|fr_tl    = Footprints Beneath the Sand
|ru       = Следы под песками
|ru_tl    = Footprints Beneath the Sands
|th       = รอยเท้าที่จมใต้ผืนทราย
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Dấu Chân Trong Cát Lún
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Fußspuren im Sand
|de_tl    = Footprints in the Sand
|id       = Jejak Yang Terkubur Pasir
|id_tl    = Footprints Buried in the Sands
|pt       = Pegadas Afundadas sob as Areias
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Kumlara Gömülü Ayak İzleri
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Impronte sommerse sotto le sabbie
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

[[es:Huellas bajo la arena]]
[[vi:Dấu Chân Trong Cát Lún]]