{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73037
|image         = World Quest For All Children Who Long for Life.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Aranyaka
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = III
|act           = Nursery of Lost Dreams
|part          = 3
|summary       = 
|characters    = Arama; Arana; Paimon; Traveler; Arakavi; Arapacati; Arapandu
|startLocation = [[Land of Grounded Dreams]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Lost Nursery
|subarea       = Old Vanarana
|prev          = For the Children of the Past
|next          = "Hello," "Thank You," and the Final "Goodbye"
|exp           = 400
|mora          = 40,000
|primogems     = 50
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
}}
'''''For All Children Who Long for Life''''' is the third quest in the [[World Quest]] series [[Aranyaka]]: Part III - [[Nursery of Lost Dreams]].

==Steps==
# Go to the deepest part of the cave
# Defeat [[Marana's Avatar]]
#* Follow [[Arama]] to destroy the [[Withering Zone]], then use [[Four-Leaf Sigil]]s to move quickly, and attack Marana's Avatar. Repeat this process 2 more times.
# Defeat the final enemy
#* Destroy the inactive Marana's Avatar.
#* [[Rifthounds]] will keep spawning to attack. Focus on Marana's Avatar instead.
# Talk to Arama
# Play the Rhythm of the Great Dream

==Gameplay Notes==
* [[Co-Op Mode]] is disabled during this quest.
* During the battle against Marana's Avatar, the party will be limited to a level 80 [[Character Trial|trial]] version of the Traveler who appears to wear the [[Garland]] and also wield an ascended [[Silver Sword]], but the stats cannot be viewed. Additionally, an aura will be created around [[Arama]] that restores 10% of Max HP every second and decreases the [[Decay]] units accumulated from [[The Withering]], similar to the previous quest.
* If the player teleports out of [[Land of Grounded Dreams]] during the steps "Defeat Marana's Avatar" or "Defeat the final enemy", the quest will return to the first step.
* Completing this quest grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[The End of Annihilation]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Now, only the final enemy awaits vanquishing. Continue forward. Never, ever, stop moving forward.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked spot)
:'''Paimon:''' What's this...
:'''Arama:''' This is where the last war ended. We... They crushed Marana's Avatar and imprisoned it here with the four seals.
:'''Paimon:''' Looks scary... So is Marana's Avatar in there?
:'''Arama:''' Marana has corroded the [[Vasara Tree]] that was meant to grow atop it and has gained possession of its bodily form. If left unchecked, it'll eventually eat away at all life on this earth.
:'''Arama:''' Since it's not at its full strength yet, now would be the best time to destroy its avatar. With it defeated, we should be able to obtain the Bija.
:'''Arama:''' Come, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, let's get going.
:'''Paimon:''' You're speaking normally again, Arama...

;(Follow Arama)
:'''Paimon:''' The place is under the influence of the [[The Withering]]. Be careful, (Traveler).
:'''Arama:''' A huge Vasara Tree was supposed to be inside. [[Aramuhukunda]] turned into this tree to suppress Marana's Avatar. But Marana has all but eaten this tree away.
:'''Arama:''' Let's go. I can feel we're getting closer to Marana's Avatar.

;(Approach a small pool of water)
:;([[Marana's Avatar]] appears from the water)
:'''Paimon:''' So that's... the avatar of Marana...
:'''Arama:''' Ah. So it has shifted its spirit. We must destroy its spirit's container to do damage to its form. Come with me.

;(Follow Arama to the first location)
:'''Arama:''' Do not stray too far away from me. I can restore your fighting energy. Lessen your burden in combat.

;(Approach the first Tumor of the Withering)
:'''Paimon:''' A Tumor of the Withering... Is the "spirit" of the Marana's Avatar here?
:'''Arama:''' Yes. Destroy it, Nara (Traveler).

;(After destroying both Withering Branches)
:'''Arama:''' Be careful. Marana's power dwells inside this machine. But with Nara (Traveler)'s power, we should be fine.
:'''Paimon:''' Gah! We have to fight Ruin Guards now as well?!

;(Destroy the first Tumor of the Withering)
:'''Arama:''' Well done. Its spirit has returned to its physical body. It's time to go back and attack it.

;(Return to where Marana's Avatar is and engage Marana's Avatar in combat)
:'''Paimon:''' Ahh! Careful, (Traveler)! Has Marana's Avatar regenerated again?
:'''Arama:''' Yes. Come with me, like before. Quickly!
:'''Arama:''' If you feel unwell or tired, come close to me. I can help you restore energy and resist Marana's corruption.

;(Approach the second location)
:'''Paimon:''' So we just need to destroy this Tumor of the Withering and we'll be fine, right? Go, get 'em, (Traveler)!
:'''Arama:''' If you want to take a rest, just come with me.

;(After destroying both Withering Branches)
:'''Paimon:''' These monsters... They're the same as the ones in the Ashvattha Tree's dream...
:'''Arama:''' That is correct. These evil monsters follow the dark power and are vanguards of corruption. They are not natural. They do not belong to the cycle of heaven or earth.

;(Destroy the second Tumor of the Withering)
:'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler) is very reliable. The time has come. Let's go back and continue the fight.

;(Return to where Marana's Avatar is and engage Marana's Avatar in combat again)
:'''Paimon:''' C'mon! We were almost done here!
:'''Arama:''' Over there. Come with me. But be careful. The avatar is gathering power. Its attacks will grow more fierce.

;(Follow Arama to the third location)
:'''Arama:''' It is like it was in the Ashvattha Tree's dream, and in the terrible memories. These beasts and this dark color... They and Marana are one.
:'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler), Paimon. I will do all I can to help you resist Marana and regain your power. Our victory is close.
:'''Paimon:''' Yup! Will you be alright yourself, Arama?
:'''Arama:''' It is alright. I am fine. It will be over soon.

;(Destroy the third Tumor of the Withering)
:'''Arama:''' Yes, great job. Now we should be able to destroy it once and for all. Hopefully, nothing will go wrong.

;(Return to where Marana's Avatar is and engage Marana's Avatar in combat again)
;(A cutscene plays)
:;(Arama rushes forward to seal Marana's Avatar, but the seal breaks and the Traveler is pushed back)
:;(Marana's Avatar charges up an attack, but Arama fends off the beam)
:;(The Traveler's [[Garland]] glows yellow and the Traveler remembers the memories with the Aranara)
:;(Cutscene ends)

;(Defeat the final enemy)
:'''Arakavi:''' Golden Nara! Your song will live in our hearts forever. That's why I'm sure that you will defeat Marana!
:'''Arakavi:''' "Press forward and sing, even if the path is filled with flame..."
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? This is...
:'''Arapacati:''' Nara (Traveler) also has an important {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}}, so you can't lose to Marana!
:'''Arama:''' It's the power of the garland. We can use the flowers to transfer energy to our friends.
:'''Arapandu:''' Brave Nara... Though I cannot see the sky, I know that you are as warm as the sun...
:'''Paimon:''' Wow... Paimon can sense a great power...
:'''Arabalika:''' I'm sure that Nara (Traveler) will defeat Marana! I have faith!
:'''Aranaga and Aranakin:''' My friend, who bears important flowers on their head... hang in there!
:'''Paimon:''' (Traveler), you can do this! Take Marana's Avatar down!
:'''Ararycan:''' Nara (Traveler) is Ararycan's friend! No one can hurt {{MC|m=him|f=her}}!
:'''Arana:''' Nara (Traveler) promised to punish the bad Nara. I believe you won't lose here!
:'''Arakunti:''' Nara (Traveler) is even braver than Nara Varuna. I'm sure you will kick Marana's Avatar out!
:'''Arama:''' Marana's Avatar and those monsters are no match for you. There is no need to worry.
:'''Aranakula:''' Nara (Traveler), stronger than trees!
:'''Arakanta:''' Nara (Traveler), faster than Rishboland Tigers!
:'''Arasaka:''' I hope that Nara (Traveler) will always enjoy the "taste of happiness," and never taste the "taste of sadness"!
:'''Aragaru:''' Go, friend!
:'''Aranakula:''' Nara (Traveler), the Nara golden as the sun, please bring about a warmer and brighter future!
:'''Paimon:''' Even Paimon can feel the power pouring forth...
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Marana's Avatar has been defeated, and a brighter future awaits. Now, it's all up to Arama.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Arama)
:'''Arama:''' Now that we have destroyed Marana's Avatar, peace should be restored in the forest. Well, I said "we," but it was mostly due to your efforts and courage. Thank you, Nara (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} It was really thanks to the garland and everyone's support...
::{{DIcon}} They gave me the courage to keep going.
::{{DIcon}} They gave me the strength to stand up.
:{{DIcon}} You are welcome.
::'''Paimon:''' That was a close call... Thankfully, (Traveler) was wearing that garland! It's even more amazing than Paimon thought!
:'''Arama:''' Each flower is connected with the heart of an Aranara. One could even say that a garland of these flowers woven together can form the door to {{Rubi|"Mahavanaranapna."|the Aranara universe}}
:'''Arama:''' As long as it connects us, we can support you when you are in need, lend you strength to conquer nightmares, help you through dark days, and fill the void in your heart.
:'''Arama:''' There are those who no longer dream and thus can no longer see us, those who have accepted fate and stopped searching for the way forward, and those who wallow in fear and pain. Their hearts have hardened, unable to get help from these flowers.
:'''Arama:''' It's because Nara (Traveler) is kind and honest, and because Nara (Traveler) is Nara (Traveler), that the garland could serve its purpose.
:'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler) is Aranara's friend. We won't leave our friend alone to fight Marana and eliminate all evil for a brighter and purer world.
;(If the player has not completed ''[[A Toast to Victory]]'')
::'''Paimon:''' Well, (Traveler) is Paimon's best friend, so of course {{MC|he|she|mc=1}}'s the best person ever! Anyway, Paimon guesses this Withering business has been settled once and for all then, right?
::'''Arama:''' Marana should fall into slumber now that its avatar has been destroyed. But in a matter of decades, perhaps centuries, it will wake up again.
::'''Arama:''' It's because Marana's memory has been left in Sarva. Unless that can be completely removed, the memory of "death" that dwells in all things will eventually bring it back again.
::'''Arama:''' ...But this will take a long time. I believe that by then there will once again come someone as golden as the sun, just like Nara (Traveler) and Nara Varuna, so I wouldn't worry about it.
;(If the player has completed ''[[A Toast to Victory]]'')
::'''Paimon:''' Well, (Traveler) is Paimon's best friend, so of course {{MC|he|she|mc=1}}'s the best person ever! Anyway, Tighnari also said there'll be no new Withering Zones! Paimon guesses this Withering business has finally been settled once and for all then, right?
::'''Arama:''' Yes. May we never meet again, Marana. Many tiny Marana remain in the forest, but we've defeated the greatest one.
::'''Arama:''' I can sense that all memories about Marana in Sarva have been completely erased. In this case, even the memory and fear of "death" that dwells in all things cannot bring it back ever again.
::'''Arama:''' There are still many things in the world that covet life. But I believe that there will always be someone as golden as the sun, just like Nara (Traveler) and Nara Varuna, so I wouldn't worry about it.
:'''Arama:''' Today's forest has a bright future ahead. As long as what remains of Marana is cleared, the children of the forest will be able to enjoy abundant sunshine and rain.
:'''Paimon:''' Well... Anyway, now that Marana's Avatar is destroyed, the next step is to plant a new Ashvattha Tree for the Bija, right?
:'''Arama:''' Yes. Please wait here for a moment while I fetch Arana.
:'''Paimon:''' Arana... Right, we've gotta use Arana's memories to produce the Bija...
:'''Paimon:''' But isn't Arana around Vimara Village? How are we gonna...
:'''Paimon:''' And there Arama goes...
:;(Arana and Arama appear from the ground)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa!
:'''Arana:''' Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, Arana sensed your battle against Marana's Avatar. You and Arama are very brave.
:{{DIcon}} How did you come all the way here in just a second...
::'''Arama:''' I've received Aramuhukunda's memories. Through them, I learned how to use Sarva to travel through the forest in a flash. This particular Ararakalari is called "teleportation."
::'''Arana:''' Arama is amazing. Aramuhukunda must be so glad that you were the one receiving his memory. Arana hasn't teleported in a long, long time either.
:{{DIcon}} So, next up...
:'''Paimon:''' Next, we need to plant a new Ashvattha Tree, right? Paimon remembers that Arama talked about some seed thingy...
:'''Arana:''' Seeds know that they have to grow into big trees and bear lots of big fruits... Thank you, Arama.
:'''Arama:''' No problem. I will grow into a new Ashvattha Tree, bear the Bija using your memories and dreams, and use my roots to reconnect the corroded bridges between dreams.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait. What are you guys talking about?
:{{DIcon}} Arama is the "seed."
::'''Arama:''' Having absorbed the memories and energies of Aramuhukunda, the Ashvattha Tree, and the Vasoma Fruits, I have now become the strongest "seed" in the forest.
:{{DIcon}} Wait. What are you guys talking about?
::'''Arama:''' I'm the seed for the new Ashvattha Tree. Having absorbed the memories and energies of Aramuhukunda, the Ashvattha Tree, and the Vasoma Fruits, I have now become the strongest "seed" in the forest.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Paimon doesn't understand...
:'''Arama:''' I was planning to build up my memories with my own eyes and body for several decades or centuries, and then embrace the land again to grow into a beautiful Vasara Tree.
:'''Arama:''' If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have had the honor to heal the forest by destroying Marana's Avatar, or become the king of the Vasara Trees by collecting all these precious memories.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, so... the Vasara Trees in Ashvattha's Concourses were all once Aranara?
:'''Arama:''' Yes, they were once [[Araji]], [[Arayama]], and [[Aramaha]]. The [[Vasoma Fruit]]s are their memories.
:'''Paimon:''' But if you turn into a tree, Arama, you would lose the ability to run, talk, and sing...
:'''Arama:''' Though I did not spend many days as a seed, the days I spent with you are ten times, no, hundreds of times more precious than the days I spent before.
:'''Paimon:''' That's not fair... Paimon still has plans to hang out with you...
:'''Arama:''' I see... I understand, Paimon. Nara (Traveler) and you are my friends. This will never change...
:'''Arama:''' With all these memories and energies I've received, I'm now able to see many scenes and stories in Sarva. Let me tell you one.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay...
:'''Arama:''' Hidden in the golden sandstorm, the eternal oasis was devoid of life. The oldest ruler of all plants, whom no Aranara had had the pleasure of meeting, lay dormant in the sand.
:'''Arama:''' The vegetation that once covered it had all died and been reduced to grains of sand. Just as Marana whispered: All good things must vanish.
:'''Arama:''' But you should know that as dark as night is, the stars still shine and the sun will still rise. Death longs to dominate all, but life will not fade.
:'''Arama:''' Just like the yellow leaves that fall down shall nourish Cuihua Trees, their fruits shall sustain Sumpter Beasts, foxes, and forest boars, while they shall feed Rishboland Tigers in turn. And so, the forest always teems with life.
;(If the player has not completed ''[[A Toast to Victory]]'')
::'''Arama:''' Once, the land was polluted with toxic blood. Like Nara, Aranara too thought that was the end of the world, but now even the memory of it is gone. The forest is even more luxuriant than it was in the time of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata.
;(If the player has completed ''[[A Toast to Victory]]'')
::'''Arama:''' Once, the land was polluted with toxic blood. Like Nara, Aranara too thought that was the end of the world, but now even the memory of it is gone. The forest today is even more luxuriant than it was yesterday.
:'''Arama:''' In the end, all that remains is beautiful. Those who part will come to meet again in Sarva.
:'''Arama:''' One day, our dreams and memories will intertwine and blossom on the numberless branches in Sarva. Wouldn't that be great?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon understands, but...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay... Alright. Paimon understands! You're the best seed, Arama! You'll definitely grow into a great and beautiful tree!
:'''Paimon:''' And... and even when you've turned into a tree, please don't forget Paimon and (Traveler), and the adventures we had together!
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, Arama.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye, Arama.
:{{DIcon}} I guess this is it.
:'''Arama:''' Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. It's been a great pleasure to meet you.
:'''Arama:''' Arana, I promise I will turn your memories into the most beautiful and robust Bija.
:'''Arana:''' I believe you, Arama.
:;(Arama jumps into the ground and a sapling grows from where he was; grass spreads from where the sapling was)
:'''Paimon:''' Arama...
:'''Arana:''' Arama has grown into the new Ashvattha Tree. It's small now, but the roots are deep and strong. After many, many moons, it will surely grow to be big and beautiful.
:'''Paimon:''' Arana, you once said that memories and dreams are Aranara's source of strength. If you give those memories up, you'll forget Rana, won't you? And the children of Vimara Village too...
:'''Arana:''' Yes. But friends are more precious than memories. You can always make up for lost memories, but not a lost friend.
:'''Arana:''' I want to help Narana. She has the same name as Arana. She is Arana's friend.
:'''Arana:''' And even if Arana doesn't remember, you will. As long as you remember, your memory will one day grow into a ripe and robust fruit...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon understands...
:{{DIcon}} What should we do?
:'''Arana:''' Arana has taught you the Rhythm of the Great Dream. Do you still remember it, Nara (Traveler)?
:'''Arana:''' Just play this song to Arana and Arama.

;(Talk to Arana again)
:'''Arana:''' Nara (Traveler), please make it quick. The Ararakalari that Arana left with Narana won't last long.
:{{DIcon}} Are you ready?
:'''Arana:''' Yes, I'll be fine.

{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The new Ashvattha Tree is growing. Now, all that's left is to entrust it with using Arana's memories to form the Bija.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Play the Rhythm of the Great Dream)
:'''Paimon:''' We finally got it. The precious Bija...
:{{DIcon}} We've certainly come a long way.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah. Now all we need to do is to give it to Rana, right?
:{{DIcon}} Let's bring it to Rana.
:'''Arana:''' ...Who are you?
;(Obtain [[Bija]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = For All Children Who Long for Life
|zhs     = 为了一切向往生命的孩子们
|zhs_rm  = Wèile Yīqiè Xiàngwǎng Shēngmìng de Háizimen
|zht     = 為了一切嚮往生命的孩子們
|zht_rm  = Wèile Yīqiè Xiàngwǎng Shēngmìng de Háizimen
|zh_tl   = For All the Children Who Yearn for Life
|ja      = 命に憧れるすべての子供たちのために
|ja_rm   = Inochi ni Akogareru Subete no Kodomo-tachi no Tame ni
|ja_tl   = For All the Children Who Yearn for Life
|ko      = 생명을 갈망하는 모든 아이들을 위하여
|ko_rm   = Saengmyeong-eul Galmanghaneun Modeun Aideureul Wihayeo
|ko_tl   = For All Children Who Long for Life
|es      = Para todos los niños que aspiran a vivir
|es_tl   = For All Children Who Aspire to Live
|fr      = Pour tous les enfants aspirant à vivre !
|fr_tl   = For All Children Aspiring to Live!
|ru      = Во имя стремящихся к жизни детей
|ru_tl   = In the Name of Children Longing for Life
|th      = เพื่อเด็ก ๆ ทุกคนที่ใฝ่หาชีวิต
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vì Những Đứa Trẻ Khao Khát Cuộc Sống
|vi_tl   = For the Children Who Yearn for Life
|de      = Für alle Kinder, die sich nach dem Leben sehnen
|de_tl   = For All Children Who Long for Life
|id      = Demi Semua Anak yang Mendambakan Kehidupan
|id_tl   = For All Children Who Long for Life
|pt      = Por Todas as Crianças que Desejam a Vida
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yaşamak İsteyen Tüm Çocuklar İçin
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Per tutti i bambini che desiderano vivere
|it_tl   = For All of the Children that Desire to Live
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Para todos los niños que aspiran a vivir]]