{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19025
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Liyue
|chapter       = Chongyun
|actNum        = I
|act           = Signs of Evil
|description   = [[Chongyun]]'s mind is still on that kid named [[Dalong]] even after you've made some more popsicles. The two of you head to Chihu Rock, intending to give the new popsicles to him as well.<br /><br />Dalong and [[Little Le]] are very happy to have received the popsicles and want Chongyun to play with them. Although Chongyun is not well-versed in matters of play and enjoyment, he decides to give it a go after some encouragement from you.
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Popsicles and Their Curious Uses
|other         = *Idle Amusements ending
|characters    = Chongyun; Dalong; Little Le; Traveler; Yuyan
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''For A Child's Smile''' is a follow-up quest to the A Cooling Mix and A Sweet Mix branches of [[Popsicles and Their Curious Uses]], one of the quests in [[Chongyun]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Signs of Evil]].

==Steps==
#Give the newly made popsicles to [[Dalong]]
#Look for the three hidden people (0/3)
#*Chongyun is located at the bottom of the stairs next to [[Second Life]].
#*Dalong is hiding behind the crates behind Second Life and [[Chen the Sharp]]'s stall.
#*[[Little Le]] is hiding behind the tree near the Teleport Waypoint.
#Give the ingredients to Chongyun
#*Requires {{Item|Flour|20|x=2}}, {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=2}}, {{Item|Mushroom|20|x=3}}

==Dialogue==
===Lingering Worry===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Yuyan, Dalong, and Little Le)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 yuyan 01.ogg}} '''[[Yuyan]]:''' Where did you get these? I didn't give you any Mora.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 yuyan 02.ogg}} '''Yuyan:''' You didn't steal them, did you!?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 long 01.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' No, I didn't steal 'em! I talked to a nice person and they just gave 'em to me.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 yuyan 03.ogg}} '''Yuyan:''' So, you've been asking for food on the street! I've already told you, such behavior makes you look uneducated!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 yuyan 04.ogg}} '''Yuyan:''' How could you ask a stranger for food? Is that any different from being a beggar?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 long 02.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' B&mdash;But, I didn't ask them for it... They asked me if I wanted some!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 yuyan 05.ogg}} '''Yuyan:''' That's it, no more lies! Just be honest about your mistake!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Uh, excuse me. He got those popsicles from me. He never asked us, we just gave them to him.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 long 03.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Yeah, this is the nice person I was telling you about!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 yuyan 06.ogg}} '''Yuyan:''' Wh&mdash;Who are you?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' My name is Chongyun. As you could probably tell from my attire, I'm an exorcist. Your son really seemed interested in popsicles, so we thought we'd make a batch for you. That's why we're paying you a visit.
:{{DIcon}} There's no need to worry.
:{{DIcon}} We're not bad guys.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 yuyan 07.ogg}} '''Yuyan:''' O&mdash;Oh, I see. Sorry, I seem to have misunderstood him.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 yuyan 08.ogg}} '''Yuyan:''' I'm sorry, Dalong. It was wrong for Mommy to blame you.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 long 04.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' It's okay, Mommy. So am I allowed to talk to the nice popsicle man now?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 yuyan 09.ogg}} '''Yuyan:''' Sure, but please keep an eye on your sister. Mommy will be back after some errands, okay?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 long 05.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Don't worry, I'll look after her. Bye, Mommy!
:;(Yuyan leaves)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 long 06.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Thanks, if it wasn't for you, I would have been in big trouble again.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 01.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Thank you for the popsicle. It was so cool and delicious.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, we've made some more.
:{{DIcon}} I bet you're still hungry.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 long 07.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Oh, wow, look at all the popsicles! Thanks!
:{{DIcon}} Don't eat them all in one go, you'll get brain freeze!
:{{DIcon}} Eating too many will upset your stomach.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 02.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Okay, I've got it. Thanks, you guys! Y&mdash;You're like heroes!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Heroes?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 long 08.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Yeah, I've been telling a story to my sister recently, and she admires the story's heroes very much. They're chivalrous, just, and they help the weak fight against evil.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 03.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' And the heroes always have a good partner. One hero can beat up two bad guys, but with a good partner, they can defeat even more!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 04.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' You two must be very good partners.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Uh, w&mdash;well...
:{{DIcon}} That's right, we're great partners.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 05.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Yay, I knew it! You two must get along well together.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, we just met...
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 06.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Really? It sure doesn't seem that way. I bet you two will have a bright future together!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 07.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Um... we're gonna go play right now... Oh! Would you come and play with us?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 long 09a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 long 09b.ogg}}--> '''Dalong:''' Don't be so childish! I'm sure heroes like them have important things to do.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 08.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Huh? You mean you can't play?
:{{DIcon}} It wouldn't hurt to play a little, right?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Huh? W&mdash;Well, I...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Sorry, could I have a word with you, Traveler?
:;(To the side)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' They look so excited to play with us, but I'm sure they'll be disappointed if we refuse.
:{{DIcon}} I have time.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go play with them for a while.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 08.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' ...Sure, that's fine, but...
:{{DIcon}} Something on your mind?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 09.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' No, it's nothing, I'm just... a little bit worried.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 10.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I spend most of my time purging evil spirits and practicing thaumaturgy.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 11.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' And besides my training, I also need to constantly focus deeply on my own emotions to avoid losing control.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 12.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' So, what I mean is that I seldom have time for anything that others would consider "fun." I don't even know the first thing about playing with kids...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 13.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' They think we're heroes, so they must be very excited to play with us. But, I'm afraid that they'll just find me... boring.
:{{DIcon}} It's simple, just be confident.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 14.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' ...R&mdash;Really? I just don't want to disappoint them...
:{{DIcon}} Just treat it as if you're getting together with friends.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 15.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I see... But my friends aren't the type who'd go out and play...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry. I've got you covered.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 16.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Great! That's reassuring.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 17.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Alright, let's give it a try.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 18.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But I'll need you to help me if I don't know what to do.
:;(After returning to the kids)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 09.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Yay, they're back! So can we go play now?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 19.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Uh, yeah... I'll try.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 10.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Hahaha, yay! No need to be nervous... we're gonna have a blast!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 11.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Um... Oh, I know! Um &mdash; let's play hide-and-seek! Um &mdash; you'll be the ghost... But &mdash; um &mdash; don't peek until you count to fifty!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 20.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Wh&mdash;Who? Me?
:{{DIcon}} He might not be familiar with the rules.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 12.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Huh? I don't know anyone who doesn't know how to play hide-and-seek. Uh... okay, you can be the ghost then!
:{{DIcon}} Let me play the ghost first.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 long 10.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Okay. We'll go hide now. You'll have to find all three of us if you wanna win!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 13.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Hehe, you'll never be able to find me!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 21.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' You mean, we just hide anywhere we want?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 14.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Of course, silly! That's the most fun part of the game!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 15.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' But don't follow me! There's only room for one person in my secret hiding spot!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 22.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Uhh, alright... but I still don't really know what to do.
:{{DIcon}} Don't be so serious.
:{{DIcon}} Just use your imagination.
:{{DIcon}} Who knows, maybe you'll be good at this.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 chongyun 23.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' You're right. I'll give it a try.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902501 littlele 16.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Yay! Let's go hide! No peeking now...
:'''''After counting to fifty...'''''
----
;(Find Dalong)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902506 long 01.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Ah, you found me!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902506 long 02.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' I can't believe I lost! I didn't expect you to be so good at this.

;(Find Little Le)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902507 littlele 01.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Huh, you found me!? How did you know to look for me here...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902507 littlele 02.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Heyyyy &mdash; you didn't peek, did you?

:;(Find Little Le if you found Chongyun first)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902507 littlele 03.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Aw, the popsicle man is a ghost now, too!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902507 littlele 04.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' How did you know to look for me here...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902507 littlele 05.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' You didn't peek, did you?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902507 littlele 06.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' ...Did the popsicle man tell you where to find me?

;(Find Chongyun)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I never expected you to find me so easily...
:{{DIcon}} It's only your first time.
:{{DIcon}} ...Why would you hide here?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I thought that this would be the perfect spot.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' In fact, I'm well-versed in the methods of locating evil spirits, and I have lots of experience tracking down their hiding spots.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' This spot is dusty and a bit gloomy, which gives off an unsettling energy. Evil spirits usually prefer such places.
:{{DIcon}} You're trying to use thaumaturgy to play hide-and-seek...
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Yeah... I guess my experience as an exorcist doesn't apply very well.
:{{DIcon}} But you can be easily seen here.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Hmm... I guess I was so nervous that I neglected the most important thing.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Since I've been found, I guess I must admit my defeat.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 08.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' It's a simple game, yet quite intriguing once you begin to play.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we could play it together again sometime.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 09.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Sure, we could invite more friends to join us.
:{{DIcon}} Good thing you weren't the ghost.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 10.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Hehe, right. It might've taken me hours to find anyone.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 11.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Let's go.

;(After finding everyone)
:'''''After a few rounds of hide-and-seek, everyone returns to the kids' home.'''''
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 littlele 01.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Hmm... Mommy's still not back yet. I'm starving...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 littlele 02.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Do you two know how to cook at all?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 long 01a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 long 01b.ogg}}--> '''Dalong:''' Don't be so selfish. They've played with us for a long time already.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 littlele 03.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' ...If we played for so long, then a little longer won't hurt...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' No, it's alright. But I'm not too picky about the taste of food, as long as it doesn't make me feel unwell.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 littlele 04.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Unwell? A&mdash;Are you sick? Mommy says you should always take care of yourself!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' No, it's not so serious. I just need to be careful about what I eat.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' For example, [[Noodles with Mountain Delicacies]]. The dish tastes great, but I can't eat anything warm. So I came up with my own variation called "[[Cold Noodles with Mountain Delicacies]]."
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 littlele 05.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' C&mdash;Cold noodles! That sounds nice and cool. I wanna try!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Well, I don't think they taste quite as good as when they're served warm.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 littlele 06.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' No way, I'm sure it's just as good as the popsicles! Or even better!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Uh, well...
:{{DIcon}} It's your time to shine! I'll help prepare the ingredients.
:{{DIcon}} I happen to have some ingredients here.
:{{DIcon}} I want to try some, too!
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Y&mdash;You want to try too? Okay, I guess I'll have to make it.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 chongyun 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Hmm, alright. We can use the kitchen here. I'll prepare the noodles once all the ingredients are ready.
----
;(Talk to Little Le again)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 littlele 07.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Cold noodles! Cold noodles!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902503 long 02.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' I've never tasted cold noodles, I can't wait to try some...

;(Talk to Chongyun again)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 12.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Are all the ingredients ready?
:;(Opens the submission menu)
:'''''Chongyun uses the ingredients to make "Cold Noodles with Mountain Delicacies."'''''
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 13.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' So? How does it taste?
:{{DIcon}} It's delicious.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 14.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' *sigh* That's a relief. I'm glad you like it.
:{{DIcon}} It's unique. The texture is different compared to warm noodles.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 15.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Unique? I guess I'll take that as a compliment...
:{{DIcon}} You should open a restaurant!
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 16.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Ah, y&mdash;you flatter me! No need to exaggerate, though.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 17.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Let's serve the dish to the kids.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 18.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I hope they'll like it.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 long 01.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Wow, it tastes amazing! I've never had anything like this before.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 littlele 01.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' You're not only a hero b&mdash;but also a chef! What a surprise!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 long 02.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Is there more? I want seconds!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 littlele 02.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Me too! Me too!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 19.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Whoa, slow down there! There's plenty more.
:'''''The two kids enjoy a big meal.'''''
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 long 03.ogg}} '''Dalong:''' Ugh, I'm so full... You're so amazing!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 littlele 03.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' Now that we're done, let's play more games!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 20.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' M&mdash;More games?
:{{DIcon}} Seems you're becoming quite popular.
:{{DIcon}} Seems you're quite likable after all.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 chongyun 21.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' This is completely unexpected for me. I was sure that everyone would just think I'm boring...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 littlele 04.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' No way! You're so much fun. And if you weren't so icy all the time, you'd be even more fun!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902504 littlele 05.ogg}} '''Little Le:''' C'mon let's go, I wanna play something else!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: Idle Amusements===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Idle Amusements
|character       = Chongyun
|act             = 1
|description     = Had it not been for your invitation, Chongyun would've never imagined that children like him so much.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = For A Child's Smile
|zhs     = 为了小孩子的笑容
|zhs_rm  = Wèile Xiǎo Háizi de Xiàoróng
|zht     = 為了小孩子的笑容
|zht_rm  = Wèile Xiǎo Háizi de Xiàoróng
|zh_tl   = For A Child's Smile
|ja      = 子供の笑顔のために
|ja_rm   = Kodomo no Egao no Tame ni
|ja_tl   = For the Children's Smiles
|ko      = 아이의 웃음을 위해
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Por la sonrisa de un niño
|es_tl   = For the Smile of a Child
|fr      = Pour le sourire des enfants
|fr_tl   = For the Smile of the Children
|ru      = Ради детской улыбки
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เพื่อรอยยิ้มของเด็ก ๆ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vì Nụ Cười Trẻ Thơ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Für ein Kinderlächeln
|de_tl   = For A Child's Smile
|id      = Demi Senyuman Anak Kecil
|id_tl   = For A Small Child's Smile
|pt      = Pelo Sorriso de uma Criança
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}