{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Prologue Act II.png
|type           = Archon
|chapter        = Prologue
|act            = II
|region         = Mondstadt
|prev           = The Outlander Who Caught the Wind
|next           = Song of the Dragon and Freedom
|ARReq          = 10
}}
'''For a Tomorrow Without Tears''' is the second act in the [[Prologue]] chapter of the [[Archon Quests]].

==Quests==
#[[Shadow Over Mondstadt]]
#[[Unexpected Encounter]]
#[[That Green Fellow]]
#[[Let the Wind Lead (Quest)]]
#[[Venti's Plan]]
#[[Venti's New Plan]]
#[[Wild Escape]]
#[[Behind the Scenes]]
#[[Chasing Shadows]]
#[[State of the Holy Lyre der Himmel]]
#''While the quests beyond can generally be completed in any order you like, the way the quests are presented in this guide represent the optimal paths.''
##[[Fallen Tears]] (Thousand Winds Temple)
##[[Hidden Tears]] (Eagle's Gate)
##[[Stolen Tears]] (Eclipse Tribe)
#[[Crystal Tears]]
#[[Reunion With the Dragon]]

==Summary==
After the [[Traveler]] dealt with the Temples, they come back to [[Mondstadt]] to report to [[Jean]]. They find a [[Lyudmila|masked woman]] talking to Jean and suggests they kill the dragon to end the problem. Jean dismisses the woman, stating that she has no respect as she knows who Stormterror actually is; [[Dvalin]], one of the [[Four Winds]]. Jean then spots the two and explains to them that the woman she spoke to is a [[Fatui]] diplomat.

Regarding the dragon situation, the Traveler remembered the gem they found [[Forest Rendezvous|at the forest]] earlier, hoping the Knights would know what it is. Lisa tries to study it, but it emits harmful energy towards [[Vision]] users, so the Traveler puts it back in their pockets. The Traveler knew the reason, but remains silent as Jean grants the title Honorary Knight to them.

[[Paimon]] knew there was another presence when they found the gem, and subconsciously identified the boy running in the streets as the same person. Tracking his footprints with their [[Elemental Sight]], the stranger sings the song of "Stormterror", identified as Dvalin, and the reason of his rampage. The stranger, [[Venti]] recognizes the Traveler.

The Traveler takes out the gem, but to their surprise, it is purified. Venti then realizes that the Traveler's powers can assist in saving Dvalin but tells them to meet at the place of Mondstadt's Hero, which is the great tree in [[Windrise]]. The Traveler arrives at the great tree, but an [[Eye of the Storm]] appears and the Traveler is forced to dispatch it first. Venti then explains to the pair that Dvalin is suffering from degradation, which the [[Abyss Order]] is taking advantage of. He had tried to cure him earlier, but the Traveler's unexpected arrival ended up poisoning him, although he had recovered by then. Venti then tells them to meet him outside the [[Favonius Cathedral]] to get a certain "[[Holy Lyre der Himmel]]".

Entering the Cathedral, Venti asks Sister [[Gotelinde]] for the lyre, even revealing himself as his true identity Barbatos, the Anemo Archon, but Gotelinde is not amused and believes he is insane. Venti then suggests the Traveler ask for it, which they do, but Gotelinde tells them that they need papers signed from Jean and the Seneschal and Community Representative to do so, but because they don't have those papers, she does not allow them to take it either.

The Traveler waits for the guards around the area to drop before sneaking into the vaults to take the lyre. Before they can do so, a [[Fatui Electro Cicin Mage]] warps in and takes the lyre, just as a guard enters and spots them. Venti is relaxing outside when he hears Paimon screaming, telling him that they've been busted and need to run. Venti creates wind currents that drop them off near the [[Angel's Share]], where he enters and tells a [[Diluc|red-haired man]] to give them their least conspicuous table. The man is curious but agrees to their request; shortly after, two Knights appear and ask Diluc if he knows where the suspects went; he puts them on a false direction.

With the Knights gone, Diluc then orders them down to ask what they were doing. Venti introduces the Traveler to Diluc, who recognizes them as the Honorary Knight, calling it a shame they joined. Venti gives a performance to explain the situation to Diluc, who agrees to help them by organizing his contacts and telling them to meet the following night.

The following night, the pair find that Diluc has contacted Jean; both groups are surprised, but Diluc explains that the Jean before them is just a normal Jean, and not the Acting Grand Master. Jean tells them that she is doing this in private because she has few options as the Acting Grand Master. Likewise, she believes their cause as she is aware of Dvalin's past. Diluc, having managed to interrogate some Fatui beforehand, tells them that the lyre is not in the [[Goth Grand Hotel]], but in a stronghold outside the city premises.

The party manages to acquire the lyre after defeating several enemies, but not before a [[Fatui Agent]]s threatens that [[Signora]] will end them. The lyre is in relatively poor shape however, so they acquire more Teardrop Crystals and purify them to fully restore the lyre. They then head to [[Starsnatch Cliff]] to summon Dvalin and purify him, but an [[Abyss Mage]] appears and convinces him otherwise, resulting in Dvalin flying away and the lyre being completely broken.

==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=For a Tomorrow Without Tears}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|zhs     = 为了没有眼泪的明天
|zhs_rm  = Wèile Méiyǒu Yǎnlèi de Míngtiān
|zht     = 為了沒有眼淚的明天
|zht_rm  = Wèile Méiyǒu Yǎnlèi de Míngtiān
|zh_tl   = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|ja      = 涙のない明日のために
|ja_rm   = Namida no Nai Ashita no Tame ni{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|ko      = 눈물 없는 {{tt|내일|來日}}을 {{tt|위|爲}}해
|ko_rm   = Nunmul Eopneun Naeil-eul Wihae
|ko_tl   = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|es      = Por un mañana sin lágrimas
|es_tl   = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|fr      = Pour un avenir sans larmes
|fr_tl   = For a Future Without Tears
|ru      = Горькие слёзы
|ru_tl   = Bitter Tears
|th      = เพื่อวันพรุ่งนี้ที่ไม่มีน้ำตา
|th_rm   = Phuea wan phrungni thimai mi namta
|th_tl   = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|vi      = Vì một ngày mai không rơi {{tt|lệ|淚}}
|vi_tl   = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|de      = Für ein Morgen ohne Tränen
|de_tl   = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|id      = Demi Hari Esok Tanpa Air Mata
|id_tl   = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|pt      = Por um Amanhã Sem Lágrimas
|pt_tl   = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[es:Por un mañana sin lágrimas]]
[[ja:涙のない明日のために]]
[[pt-br:Por um Amanhã Sem Lágrimas]]
[[pl:Za jutro pozbawione łez (For a Tomorrow Without Tears)]]