{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73225
|image         = World Quest For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies....png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...
|part          = 3
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Babel; Jeht; Nayram; Paimon; Private Hudson; Rezki; Traveler; Yuften; Mendas; Hugeweh
|startLocation = [[Wadi Al-Majuj]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|subregion     = Great Red Sand
|area          = Desert of Hadramaveth
|subarea       = Wadi Al-Majuj
|prev          = [[Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields...]]
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*400;Primogem*50;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|rep           = 
|repAmt        = 
|repOrder      = 
}}
'''''For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...''''' is the third part of the {{Quest|Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...}}.

The quest starts automatically at the end of {{Quest|Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields...|showType=0}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the location mentioned in the Fatui's documents
# Look for [[Jeht]]
# Chase the sounds to their source
# Enter the Fatui hideout
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard|x=2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire|x=1}}
# Find the injured Jeht
# Calm Jeht down
#* {{Enemy|Eremite Desert Clearwater|text=Jeht &mdash; Rage Born of Betrayal|x=1}}
# Defeat the attacking assassin(s)
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy|Eremite Axe Vanguard|text=Nayram &mdash; Tanit Falcon|x=1}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy|Eremite Sunfrost|text=Rezki &mdash; Tanit Falcon|x=1}}
# Talk to Jeht
# Go and confront [[Babel]]
# Defeat Babel and her underlings {{Enemy List|delim=;;|1=Eremite Ravenbeak Halberdier*2;;Eremite Scorching Loremaster{text=Babel &mdash; Tanit Matriarch} }}
# Defeat the forces of the Tanit tribe
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Eremite Ravenbeak Halberdier *1;Eremite Linebreaker *1;Eremite Sword-Dancer*1}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Eremite Linebreaker *1;Eremite Sword-Dancer*1}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Eremite Crossbow *1;Eremite Linebreaker*1}}
#* Wave 4: {{Enemy List|Eremite Sword-Dancer*1;Eremite Daythunder*1}}
#* Wave 5: {{Enemy List|Eremite Ravenbeak Halberdier *1;Eremite Sword-Dancer*1}}
#* Wave 6: {{Enemy List|Eremite Sword-Dancer|x=1}}
#* Wave 7: {{Enemy List|delim=;;|1=Eremite Sword-Dancer*2;;Eremite Axe Vanguard*1;;Eremite Sword-Dancer{text=Yuften &mdash; Tanit Farmer} }}
# Catch up with Babel
# Defeat Babel
#* {{Enemy|Eremite Scorching Loremaster|text=Babel &mdash; Tanit Matriarch|x=1}}
#* The following enemies will infinitely respawn until Babel is defeated: {{Enemy List|Eremite Ravenbeak Halberdier;Eremite Crossbow}}
# Follow Jeht out of this place

==Gameplay Notes==
* The Fatui soldiers fought during step 4 begin combat with approximately 30% HP.
* When fighting Jeht to calm her down, she begins with approximately 70% HP and enters her Enhanced State immediately. The quest proceeds when Jeht has been brought down to approximately 30% HP.
* [[Jeht]] will fight alongside the player during steps 7 & 10 to 13 as an {{enemy|Eremite Desert Clearwater}}.
* During step 10, Babel will flee from combat once she is reduced to approximately 75% HP.
** During step 13, Babel starts combat at approximately 75% HP.
* Completing this quest awards the {{Achievement|"...For She Shall Surely Requite."}}
* Returning to the [[Tanit Camps]], the player can find 1 [[Ancient Stone Key]] where Babel used to be found, which can be used to open a vault below that contains four [[Precious Chest]]s, each containing 50,000 [[Mora]].
* When picking up the '''Ancient Stone Key''', the player may also receive ×1 [[Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields...|Transfer Notification]], although it will not end up in the player's inventory. This is likely due to a bug.
* After the quest is completed, the Tanit Camps will be completely empty. [[Yuften]] may appear at his usual location due to a bug; however, the player will not be able to interact with him. After reloading the game, he will also disappear.
** If the player has completed {{Quest|Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises}} and waited for a daily reset, [[Tanjiyy]] will appear at the tent near Babel's former position and comment on the aftermath landscape of the camp. He will also play [[Genius Invokation TCG]], using the decks of [[Azariq]], [[Masseira]], and Yuften.
* After this quest, a note from Jeht is posted on her tent in the Tanit Camps, saying she is "out on business." The [[Crumpled Namelist]] of her targets that was previously found inside disappears. It can be found again in a tent in the canyon past [[Liloupar's Cell]], below [[Wadi Al-Majuj]]'s western [[Teleport Waypoint]].
* Players who asked for a toast to Jeht on the Traveler's behalf at the end of ''[[The Eternal Dream, Ever Lush]]'' will receive both the 4-Star [[Amethyst Crown]] and 10,000 [[Mora]] that they would have received from the other options as part of the rewards for clearing this quest.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Sometimes, the best way to deal with schemes is by brutal force &mdash; a knot that cannot be undone can be ripped apart.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to the location mentioned in the Fatui's documents)
:'''Paimon:''' No sign of the Fatui... Hmm, but look at the things scattered around this place. Someone must've been here before.

;(Look for Jeht)
:'''Investigate:''' (Scattered, messy footprints both deep and shallow mark the area. There are even signs of a person tumbling across the sands... It is apparent that someone ran for their lives not long ago, leaving these footprints behind.)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow... What a mess of footprints... It looks... terrifying... Let's just get going.

:'''Investigate:''' (A smashed crate, with traces suggesting that it once contained something that was alive... But whatever it was, it is now free.)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, the smell... This isn't good...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's not stay here. There are other signs ahead that might lead us to Jeht's location!

:'''Investigate:''' (This tough canvas may once have been a part of a Fatui banner or tent. It's been torn apart to the point where you cannot discern its shape.)
:'''Paimon:''' It's like a cyclone passed through...

:'''Jeht:''' Go ahead! I take your bullets! You think you kill me with bullets? I take your bullets! Go ahead!
:'''Paimon:''' It's Jeht. It's like... she's gone mad with fury...
:'''Jeht:''' You scum! Come back! I'll rip out your livers. I'll grill you alive. I will chomp on your bones!
:'''Paimon:''' ...Does she even know what she's saying?
:'''Jeht:''' Capture me alive? Capture me alive, will you? Oh, you'll capture me alright &mdash; once I've bled my last drop of blood on these sands! Come on!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey... There wouldn't be anyone alive to capture in that case...
----
;(Enter the Fatui hideout)
:;(Two Anemoboxer Vanguards appear as the door opens)
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Withdraw, withdraw! Before it's too late! We're dealing with a monster!
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Wait... Where is [[Froderock Fronkonsteen|Professor Froderock]]? He hasn't escaped!?
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' In the cave... It's everywhere! It's everywhere!
:;(Defeat the Fatui)
:'''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Ah, great! First it was eating sand everywhere, then it was escorting that living nightmare, and now it's you guys!? What other "little surprises" have you got for me!? Ugh, that does it! I've had enough!

;(Defeat the Cryogunner Legionnaire)
:'''Private Hudson:''' It's done, man! It's done! What should we do now?

;(Find the injured Jeht)
:'''Paimon:''' Jeht... Jeht, where are you?
:'''Paimon:''' Jeht! Look, is that Jeht over there? Quick, let's go!
----
;(Talk to Jeht)
:'''Jeht:''' *huff* *huff* *cough*
:'''Paimon:''' That's her &mdash; that's Jeht! Is she injured?
:'''Jeht:''' [[Bleda]]... [[Gwaffah]]... [[Izder]]... [[Meddur]]... [[Teyya]]...
:'''Jeht:''' [[Uzad]]... [[Tafreh]]...
:'''Paimon:''' Are those... names?
:'''Jeht:''' ...?
:'''Jeht:''' You're here, {{Traveler}}...
:'''Jeht:''' Sorry, I might have lost my head a little back there... And sorry for getting caught as well.
:'''Paimon:''' That's not important! Are you hurt? Is it serious?
:'''Jeht:''' Come here. I've something to tell you two.
:'''Jeht:''' ...Tell me, that you still remember my mother's name? If so... prove it with your sword.
:'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What are you talking about?
:'''Jeht:''' Tell me, straight to my face, that you aren't despicable traitors &mdash; and then prove it!
:{{DIcon}} You need to calm down.
::'''Jeht:''' I am calm. Draw your sword!
:{{DIcon}} I'm not a traitor. What happened to you?
::'''Jeht:''' If you're not a traitor, you'll prove it with your sword.

;(Fight Jeht)
:'''Paimon:''' Stay your hand! Jeht, what's the matter with you!
:'''Jeht:''' These northerners... If it wasn't you who told them about the [[Eternal Oasis]], why are they targeting Tanit?
:'''Paimon:''' What are you talking about!? We don't know anything!
:'''Jeht:''' Matriarch Babel told me everything! She asked me to track you down because Yuften saw your deal with the northerners! And Masseira...
:'''Paimon:''' W&mdash;What!? {{Traveler}}, it was Babel all along! She fooled us all!
:'''Jeht:''' Silence! I shall make this quick!
:'''Paimon:''' Jeht, please calm down! It was Babel! Babel told us to look for you!
:'''Jeht:''' Lies!
:'''Paimon:''' It's true! She... she also told us...
:'''Jeht:''' ...!
:'''Paimon:''' She told us that you may be colluding with the Fatui, and that we were to take you back!
:'''Jeht:''' Lies! Lies! Lies! Lies!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Listen to what we're saying!

;(When Jeht is at low HP)
:'''Jeht:''' Argh...! Blast!

;(Defeat Jeht, Rage Born of Betrayal)
:'''Jeht:''' *huff* *huff* *cough*
:{{DIcon}} Now then. Let's talk.
:'''Jeht:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} I won't hurt you. Please, trust me.
:'''Jeht:''' Whatever, I'm done with this. First, it was [[Azariq]], and now it's you... *sigh*...
:{{DIcon}} Calm down. We were all deceived.
:'''Paimon:''' {{MC|m=He|f=She}}'s right! You said that the Matriarch asked you to hunt us down because we betrayed the tribe, but y'know what? That's the exact same mission she gave us!
:'''Paimon:''' We didn't believe you'd betray us, so we were trying to find you and figure things out.
:'''Jeht:''' ...
:'''Jeht:''' I didn't betray the tribe, nor do I have any reason to do so.
:'''Jeht:''' Matriarch Babel has witnesses on her side: Yuften saw you deal with the northerners, and Masseira saw you moving around their camp.
:'''Paimon:''' What? No way! She also told us... that you were spotted colluding with enemies of the tribe!
:'''Jeht:''' ...
:'''Jeht:''' So, why did they say you betrayed us? What's going on?
:'''Paimon:''' Eh... Paimon wishes we knew... Anyway, calm down and let us explain!
:{{DIcon}} If it's Babel's design to pit us against each other...
::{{DIcon}} Will they defend us or the Matriarch?
:'''Jeht:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Think about it, Jeht! Who do you trust more? Us or them?
:'''Jeht:''' Quiet down, would you, Paimon? This whole thing doesn't make any sense...
:'''Paimon:''' Phew... You finally put your weapons down. Let's not draw 'em again, shall we? You gave Paimon quite a fright...
:'''???:''' Don't be so optimistic yet, little one... She could still use her blades.
:'''Jeht:''' [[Nayram]], [[Rezki]]! Why are you here? I can handle things alone here. There's no need for you to pitch in.
:'''Nayram:''' Uh-huh, I can tell you're doing pretty well, Jeht... That's why Rezki and I are both needed to deal with the two of you.
:'''Rezki:''' ...And there's also this little Jinni.
:'''Nayram:''' Oh, the little Jinni. I'm quite fond of her. Let's spare her.
:'''Paimon:''' What!?
:'''Rezki:''' ...
:'''Rezki:''' ...Alright.
:'''Jeht:''' Wait, have... have you also betrayed the Tanit?
:'''Nayram:''' No, on the contrary, we're here to deal with traitors.
:'''Jeht:''' ...
:'''Jeht:''' I see.
:{{DIcon}} Who are they?
:'''Jeht:''' That's not important. They used to be good people.
:'''Jeht:''' Nayram, Rezki, it was a pleasure being your family. Now, forgive me.
:'''Rezki:''' Alright. Let's do this.
:'''Jeht:''' ...

;(While fighting Nayram)
:'''Jeht:''' Be careful, {{Traveler}}!
:'''Nayram:''' You're so slow! Have you been injured?
:'''Jeht:''' Hmph! Thanks for your concern.

;(When Nayram is at low HP)
:'''Nayram:''' Ugh!
:'''Rezki:''' Nayram! You!

;(While fighting both Nayram and Rezki)
:'''Rezki:''' Just give up! Why are you even bothering?
:'''Jeht:''' She sent you... which means she's not expecting me to return alive!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Wait, what do you even mean?

;(Upon defeating Rezki)
:'''Rezki:''' Argh... Curses! I really shouldn't have... taken... this... job...
:'''Jeht:''' Okay, guess we can properly talk now, yeah?

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Jeht, optional)
:'''Jeht:''' (...I won't believe it, even if that's what Matriarch Babel said... I know you didn't betray me, but I... I just get so angry when I see you...)

;(Defeat Nayram and Rezki)
:'''Jeht:''' Matriarch Babel sent them... What do you think they will do?
:{{DIcon}} You should take a look at this...
;(Give Jeht the Transfer Notification, Preliminary Test on Experimental Subject, and Internal Withdrawal Document)
:'''Jeht:''' ...
:'''Jeht:''' So, she set the trap up long ago, and was just waiting for us to walk right into it?
:'''Jeht:''' Wait... Why didn't you... show me this earlier?
:'''Paimon:''' We would've, but you didn't give us a chance to speak before drawing your weapons, and you wouldn't listen to reason either!
:'''Jeht:''' Um... *sigh* I'm sorry. Thank goodness you're alright...
:'''Jeht:''' Regardless, I have to get to the bottom of this. I need answers from her.
:'''Jeht:''' Ugh... Ow, ow...
:{{DIcon}} We still have time. You should rest.
:'''Paimon:''' Yup yup, there's no need to rush it. We can return any time, while Babel has to wait for us.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's right. The initiative is on our side now.
:'''Jeht:''' {{MC|m=Mm, you're right. I'm sorry that I didn't trust you...|f=The initiative, huh...? Hmm...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, Jeht, show us your wounds already. We'll help bandage you up!
:'''Jeht:''' My wounds? Where? Pfft... That's right. They're everywhere! ...Seriously though, I can keep going.
:{{DIcon}} Don't try to downplay it. Let us have a look.
:'''Jeht:''' {{MC|m=*sigh*... Okay. Sorry...|f=Mm... Okay...}}
:{{Black Screen|And so, you all decide to rest briefly and start a campfire...}}
:{{Black Screen|{{MC|m=After carefully tending to Jeht's wounds, you get some rest together with her by the campfire.<br>Though no words are spoken, you both know what must happen next.|f=After carefully tending to Jeht's wound, you get some rest together with her by the campfire...<br>Jeht sleeps peacefully by your side. The mixed odors of blood, sweat, and burning poplar branches cannot fully mask the scent of spices she carries.<br>Light snoring and raving nonsense intertwine in her dreams &mdash; she must truly be tired.<br>Even without speaking to one another, you both know what must happen once she awakes.}}}}
----
:'''Jeht:''' ...Let's go. Let's find Babel and have her explain everything to us.
:{{Black Screen|You and Jeht arrive at the entrance to the canyon, where Matriarch Babel happens to be waiting for her subordinates.}}
;(Approaching Babel)
:'''Jeht:''' There she is... probably waiting for Nayram and Rezki.
:'''Paimon:''' Who are they again...
:'''Jeht:''' Her assassins. We've fought them already.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Babel, optional)
:'''Babel:''' (...Sure enough, they're still alive, like poisonous insects...!)

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Hugeweh, optional)
:'''Hugeweh:''' (Sorry... Jeht.)

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Mendas, optional)
:'''Mendas:''' (There's only two people... and a Jinni?)

;(Talk to Babel)
:'''Babel:''' ...It's you, Jeht! You're... You're back.
:'''Jeht:''' Yes, we're back, alive. I'm sorry.
:'''Babel:''' It does my heart good to see you return safely... You must be in need of some rest. Come, let me see what I can do.
:'''Jeht:''' I don't need to rest. I need answers.
:'''Jeht:''' Why did you lure me into the northerners' trap? Why did you send other members of the tribe to kill me? Why do you want me dead?
:'''Babel:''' ...
:'''Babel:''' Calm down. Listen, Jeht...
:'''Babel:''' Do you remember what I told you? Of how the Eternal Oasis is the Tanit's hope, and how it will bestow a prosperous homeland upon us? It is exactly for this cause that you pledged your loyalty to me, no?
:'''Babel:''' Now that the door to the Oasis is open to the Tanit, we must keep it a secret from outsiders...
:'''Babel:''' We must ensure that the Tanit are and will remain the most beloved children of the Queen of All Oases... Only thus can we guide the other wandering desert tribes to gather by the Oasis.
:'''Babel:''' And when they do... Just think about it &mdash; faith will allow us to reunite the scattered peoples of the desert and their resources.
:'''Babel:''' Under the guidance of the [[Nabu Malikata|Queen of All Oases]], we will rebuild a nation of oases in this desert with our own two hands, and once that is done, none of us shall ever have to bow to those city ilk ever again.
:'''Babel:''' We will be able to build our own palaces, develop an academic system unique to us. We shall even challenge [[Nahida|that god who's naught but a mere caged bird]]!
:'''Babel:''' Of all those things that I told you, have you not listened to a single word?
:'''Jeht:''' And I told you that it was impossible! The Queen of All Oases is long gone. She's not in the Oasis, and there's no way we can resurrect her!
:'''Babel:''' ...
:'''Babel:''' Preposterous! Even as my most beloved daughter, how dare you spout such nonsense!
:'''Babel:''' Whether she is alive or dead, whether she can or cannot be resurrected... As long as the Eternal Oasis is under my control, all such things will be mine to decide.
:'''Babel:''' I shall be the sole Prophetess of the slumbering goddess, the Tanit's law shall be divine edict, and the prosperity of the Tanit shall be the pre-ordinance of her divine oracles.
:'''Babel:''' But before all that comes true, Jeht... It's not yet too late to repent. You are my most beloved daughter, and I wish to set you back on the right path.
:'''Jeht:''' I&mdash;I don't understand. What do you mean?
:'''Babel:''' I've made my point clear: The one and only oracle demands absolute obedience. The only ones who haven't been blinded by the truth of the Oasis are you and your outsider friend.
:'''Babel:''' And this outsider remains the Master of the Jinni. Though the [[Liloupar|Jinni herself]] has long gone silent, we can gain control over her as long as we get rid of her master.
:'''Babel:''' Of the two of us, it is I who respects her ancient wisdom and the power to rebuild the Oasis. It is more fitting, therefore, that we gain mastery over the Jinni.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? What's that supposed to mean?
:'''Babel:''' You dodged the question last time... and that is understandable.
:'''Babel:''' But today, you must make a choice: Tanit, your home, or this outsider, this friend of yours.
:{{DIcon}} Wait. Are you saying that you discussed how to get rid of me previously?
:'''Jeht:''' Yes... But I refused. {{MC|m=I mean, come on! You're my friend, after all.|f=I mean, how could I? You're so important to me.}}
:'''Babel:''' I'm sorry, my child, but sacrifice is necessary... I shall not let {{MC|m=his|f=her}} noble blood be shed in vain. On that, you can have absolute faith in me.
:'''Babel:''' As for you, Jeht, you will become my successor, and one day, you will be the Tanit's new Matriarch and Nabu Malikata's Prophetess.
:'''Babel:''' Please, consider my offer. The future of our home lies in your hands, my daughter. Merely ask it of me, and I will give you time and one more chance.
:'''Jeht:''' There's no need. I've made up my mind.
:'''Paimon:''' Um, you sure you don't want more time? This situation's, like, super tense!
:'''Jeht:''' Babel, I appreciate your help all throughout this time... Though I'm well aware of the fact that I'm the daughter of a traitor and an outsider.
:'''Jeht:''' I couldn't be more grateful... for your arrangements.
:'''Jeht:''' ...The things that I've done for you, the voices I've silenced for you, the elders who disappeared...
:'''Jeht:''' Elder Bleda, the one who liked crocodiles... surely you remember him? He treated you like his daughter, and he doted on me as well... That's why I could plunge a poisoned dagger into his chest.
:'''Babel:''' ...
:'''Jeht:''' Elder Gwaffah was such an eyesore to you, and you were that to him, too. And sadly, it was me in the end with a Sumpter Beast's jawbone. Again, and again, and again, and again...
:'''Jeht:''' That was the first time I had ever been scared to tears. I was so afraid of myself. I still remember how you wiped my tears away...
:'''Paimon:''' Hold on... Are you saying...!? ...&nbsp;How could that be...
:'''Babel:''' Wait. Why are you bringing this up? Why do you have to bring this up in front of them?
:'''Jeht:''' Ah, and there was also Elder Teyya. She was young and beautiful, and she was the head of the hunting party... a more capable competitor than you.
:'''Jeht:''' She thought I adored her, but I was loyal to you, for I believed that you alone were my true family. I believed that you could wipe my tears away once more and give me a home.
:'''Jeht:''' So I made her disappear in the desert...
:'''Babel:''' And what is the point of this meaningless talk?
:'''Jeht:''' You are the "sole oracle of the goddess" and my "mother." Why should there be any secrets between us?
:'''Jeht:''' If you wish to hear more, I can spell every one of my deeds out to you, and to all the Tanit.
:'''Jeht:''' Everything I've done for you, my mother, and for this family.
:'''Jeht:''' I've done enough, and I'm fed up with it. I won't betray {{Traveler}}.
:'''Babel:''' You're mad... How dare you slander me, your Matriarch! You've forgotten your mother's name! Silence &mdash; I bid you be silent now, before it is too late!
:'''Jeht:''' My mother's name is [[Ufairah]] &mdash; Ufairah Hindi. She was an honest person.
:'''Babel:''' ...
:'''Babel:''' Ah, so it was true, then. The traitor's daughter could never be anything but a half-grown mongrel... just like her father.
:'''Babel:''' [[Jebrael]] and that outsider woman have already paid the price for the unforgivable things they did, and now, their daughter repeats their errors. I should've seen that coming!
:'''Jeht:''' Ufairah Hindi, that's her name... And it will be mine as well.
:'''Babel:''' Traitor! All my teachings were for nothing! May the desert mark your treachery!
:'''Babel:''' Enough! My kin, you know what to do.
:'''Babel:''' She has angered... and saddened me.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh...! Hold on! Don't get so worked up! Didn't you just say that you see Jeht as your daughter... Besides, {{Traveler}} has helped you so many times...
:'''Paimon:''' A&mdash;Anyway, there's still gotta be a way to come to an understanding, right?
:'''Jeht:''' Paimon, hide yourself.
:'''Jeht:''' Keep your eyes closed... and don't dirty your white clothes.

;(Defeat Babel and her underlings)
:'''Babel:''' You lying cur! Tanit will never stop pursuing you and the outsiders who collude with you!
:'''Jeht:''' I'd shut up if I were you, Babel! Save your energy for your last words!
:'''Babel:''' Protect me! Protect me! You're going against all of Tanit! Do you think we'll ever forgive you?
:'''Jeht:''' I don't want your forgiveness!

;(When Babel is below 75% HP){{Verify|Exact hp threshold}}
:'''Jeht:''' Ugh! She got away! Let's chase her down!
:'''Jeht:''' Come out, Babel!
:'''Jeht:''' You're all trying to stop me right here, aren't you!?
:'''Jeht:''' Sniveling, insufferable dog!
:'''Jeht:''' Babel! Watch closely how I tore your tribe apart! I hope you wallow in your self-pity!
----
;(Approach Yuften)
:'''Yuften:''' Y-Y-You! S-S-Stop there!
:'''Jeht:''' Ah, it's you. Perfidious dog! I'll tear you apart!
:'''Yuften:''' N-N-No! S-S-Stop!
:'''Jeht:''' Remember with your wounds and fears that I've inflicted! Jeht Ufairah Hindi! Remember this name!
:'''Jeht:''' Come on! I want you all to remember, it is the owner of this name who destroyed the Tanit!
----
;(Fight Babel again)
:'''Babel:''' Enough, enough! Are you not satisfied!
:'''Jeht:''' You tried to hurt me, and now you must pay the price. The same goes for your tribe, your people!
:'''Babel:''' Tanit... My tribe... my people...
:'''Jeht:''' And you!
:'''Babel:''' Stop it, Jeht! What good will any of this do you?
:'''Jeht:''' I don't know, nor do I care!
:'''Babel:''' You've got me cornered... Can't you see what you've done!?
:'''Jeht:''' Save it for the jury, and face me!

;(Defeat Babel)
:'''Babel:''' Ah!
:'''Jeht:''' Get on your knees, you two-faced duplicitous dog!
----
;(After defeating Babel)
:'''Babel:''' *cough*... Look upon us... The Tanit... ruined... by a single traitor...
:'''Babel:''' My... tribe... my kin... my Eternal Oasis...
:'''Jeht:''' Say goodbye to them, while you still have time for some final words.
:'''Babel:''' Why! ...I once... loved you so much... Why did you... betray me... and the Tanit...
:'''Jeht:''' Why? Because you're evil and I'm not. I see no reason why I must explain myself to you.
:'''Babel:''' ...
:'''Jeht:''' *sigh* Alright... Babel, let me tell you...
:'''Jeht:''' It's because {{Traveler}} is {{MC|m=my best friend.|f=my best friend!}}
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Jeht:''' You wanted to get rid of {{MC|m=him|f=her}}, but I refused to be part of it, and so you decided to get rid of me too.
:'''Jeht:''' No, you're more despicable than that... You wanted to pit us against each other!
:'''Jeht:''' Only then did I realize that you are no "Prophetess," nor do you deserve to be favored by the Queen of All Oases.
:'''Jeht:''' You're just a despicable schemer.
:'''Babel:''' You're... the foolish one... *cough* An outsider... You did all this, for an outsider!
:'''Babel:''' I... We're your real family! You've destroyed everything. You destroyed... the hopes of the Tanit... the hopes of all the tribes who wander... amidst the gilded sands!
:'''Jeht:''' Stop bigging yourself up. I just pushed your tiny sand dune over, that's all.
:'''Jeht:''' Really, I'm the one with the questions here! What kind of mother would force her daughter to kill {{MC|m=her friend|f=someone she cherishes}}, anyway? Answer me!
:'''Babel:''' ...
:'''Jeht:''' Some family you are &mdash; you tried to take my life! Abyss take your idiotic dream of being a prophetess. Well, someone might fulfill it in your stead... But I'm sure they'll keep their hands cleaner than you did.
:'''Babel:''' Haha... Hahaha... But I've already sent scouts to inform all the tribes of... your betrayal...
:'''Babel:''' Soon, it'll be known... that you're a traitor who tarnished her family's name... *cough*... all across the vast desert... Very soon...
:'''Babel:''' No one will ever accept you again... Never again... will you find a safe place to lay your head...
:'''Jeht:''' ...When did you do that?
:'''Babel:''' *cough*...! Haha... Right before... you came back...
:{{DIcon}} So you've always wanted us dead, then.
:'''Jeht:''' But you said before that you wanted to give me a chance to repent... Was that also a lie?
:'''Babel:''' I thought... you'd soften... it'd make it easier to get rid of you...
:'''Jeht:''' ...
:;(Metal on metal can be heard as Jeht draws her weapons.)
:'''Jeht:''' You disgust me. All of you.
:;(A diagonal slash flashes on the screen as Jeht executes Babel.)
:{{Black Screen|You and the group reached the entrance to the canyon, and Jeht has sorted out her feelings.}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Jeht, optional)
:'''Jeht:''' (...It's all over... or is it?)

;(Walking away)
:'''Jeht:''' Sorry... I don't know what to say...
:'''Paimon:''' We... We didn't think it would turn out like this either...
:'''Jeht:''' And now, there is no place for me in the desert either.
:'''Jeht:''' The news will spread quickly along the trade routes. Soon, all Eremite groups will know that I'm a dangerous person unworthy of their protection.
:'''Jeht:''' ...
:'''Jeht:''' But I still have you two... I can still trust you, can't I?
:'''Paimon:''' You can always trust us, Jeht!
:'''Jeht:''' I know... It's just that I'm left with nowhere to return to again...
:{{DIcon}} But put another way, you're now free to call anywhere you wish home.
:'''Jeht:''' ...
:'''Jeht:''' Pfft, if it were me back then, I'd have thought that you were mocking me! *sigh* But you're right.
:'''Jeht:''' You're right... Now, I'm the head of my own house.
:'''Jeht:''' I'm no longer a servant bound by the name "Tanit." I'm now the master of the name "Jeht."
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:'''Jeht:''' I've reclaimed my mother's name... I'm free. Perhaps "Jeht" will also become the name of a new clan someday... Maybe? I dunno.
:'''Jeht:''' My mother's name gives me pride, and my father's name also holds many memories for me. As long as I remember them, even in this barren desert... Will that not be the home I was seeking all along?
:{{DIcon}} Now, "home" need not be a cause of anxiety for you.
:'''Jeht:''' Thank you.
:'''Jeht:''' Uh... You know what? Actually, I'd love to go on more adventures with you... Haha, never mind that. You must've had enough of me after all the dangerous situations I put you in...
:'''Jeht:''' But... I can tell that you have your own journey ahead, a travail of greater solitude and a far grander objective, both of which are beyond what I can bear or imagine.
:'''Jeht:''' As for me, I've also set myself on a certain path. You've seen it already... It's not gonna be a peaceful one. And I won't drag you down with me.
:'''Paimon:''' ...C'mon, Jeht, you're not "dragging us down" or anything...
:'''Jeht:''' Anyway, if you ever feel tired or want to take a breather... I believe that our paths will converge one day.
:'''Jeht:''' At that time, I might even invite you to go on a crazy adventure with me again.
:'''Jeht:''' Phew... I've done enough talking... It's time to leave. There's nothing left here but heartbreak.
:{{Black Screen|{{MC|m=You hug Jeht before parting ways with her in the desert.<br>She holds you tightly, and you notice that she seems to be holding back sobs...<br>However, she quickly draws back and rubs her wet eyes before smiling broadly at you once more.|f=You hug Jeht before parting ways with her in the desert.<br>She holds you tightly, almost as if afraid that a blinding sandstorm would sweep you away. You notice that she seems to be holding back sobs...<br>Then she pushes you away lightly and rubs her wet eyes before smiling broadly at you once more.}}}}
:{{Black Screen|"May we meet again under a lovelier sun," she says.}}
:{{Black Screen|Jeht turns away and leaves.<br>You see [[Benben]], only now emerging out of the ruined camp, hurry to catch up with Jeht.}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
*Private Hudson, the Cryogunner Legionnaire fought after entering the Fatui hideout, is a reference to {{w|Hudson (Aliens)|Private Hudson}} from the movie ''Aliens'', and more specifically to his famous quote ''"Game over, man! Game over! What [...] are we gonna do now?"'' (expletives omitted).
*While searching for Jeht, she can be heard screaming ''"Go ahead! I take your bullets! You think you kill me with bullets? I take your bullets! Go ahead!"''. This line is a reference to the movie ''{{w|Scarface (1983 film)|Scarface (1983)}}'', where {{w|Tony Montana}} says the same line (with more expletives).

===Etymology===
* Like the other quests and Achievements in ''Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...'', the quest name has biblical origins. The quotes come from passages about the fall of {{w|Babylon}}, called ''Babel'' in the Hebrew Bible.
** The English title is derived from {{w|Jeremiah 51|Jeremiah 51:9}} (New International Version): ''"We would have healed Babylon, but she cannot be healed; let us leave her and each go to our own land, for her judgment reaches to the skies, it rises as high as the heavens."''
** The original Chinese title is derived from {{w|Revelation 18|Revelation 18:5}} (Chinese New Version and New International Version): {{zh|因为她的罪恶滔天，神已经想起她的不义来。|tl=''For her [Babylon's] sins are piled up to heaven, and God has remembered her crimes.''}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...
|zhs     = 因为她的罪恶滔天…
|zhs_rm  = Yīnwèi Tā de Zuì'è Tāotiān...
|zht     = 因為她的罪惡滔天…
|zht_rm  = Yīnwèi Tā de Zuì'è Tāotiān...
|zh_tl   = For Her Sins Are Piled up to Heaven...
|ja      = 彼女の罪はこの上なく大きいから…
|ja_rm   = Kanojo no Tsumi wa Kono Ue Naku Ookii kara...
|ja_tl   = For Her Sins Are Piled up to Heaven...
|ko      = 극악무도한 죄의 대가…
|ko_rm   = Geugangmudohan Joe-ui Daega...
|ko_tl   = The Price of Heinous Sins...
|es      = Por sus atroces pecados...
|es_tl   = For Their Heinous Sins...
|fr      = Pour ses péchés odieux...
|fr_tl   = For Her Odious Sins...
|ru      = Ибо её злодеяниям нет числа...
|ru_tl   = For Her Atrocities are Innumerable...
|th      = เพราะบาปของเธอสูงเสียดฟ้า...
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vì Cô Ấy Phạm Tội Tày Trời...
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine abscheuliche Sünderin&nbsp;...
|de_tl   = An abominable sinner...
|id      = Sebab Dosanya Terlalu Berat
|id_tl   = Because the Sin is Too Heavy
|pt      = Pois Seus Pecados Alcançam os Céus...
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yargısı Göklere Erişiyor...
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Poiché la sua punizione arriva fino al cielo...
|it_tl   = As Her Punishment Reaches Up to the Sky...
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}