{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73035
|image         = World Quest For Fruits Seeds and Trees.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Aranyaka
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = III
|act           = Nursery of Lost Dreams
|part          = 1
|summary       = 
|characters    = Arama; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Vanarana]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Vanarana
|prev          = Festival Utsava
|next          = For the Children of the Past
|exp           = 350
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
}}
'''''For Fruits, Seeds, and Trees''''' is the first quest in the [[World Quest]] series [[Aranyaka]]: Part III - [[Nursery of Lost Dreams]].

==Steps==
# Meet up with [[Arama]]
# Go to the [[Fane of Ashvattha]]
# Talk to Arama
# Clean up the [[Withering Zone]]
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp*6}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Thundercraven Rifthound; Rockfond Rifthound}}
# Investigate Ashvattha's Tree of Dreams
# Go deep into the Fane of Ashvattha

==Gameplay Notes==
* [[Co-Op Mode]] is disabled during this quest.
* The body of water over the quest objective "Go to the Fane of Ashvattha" must be drained in order to continue the quest. This is done in the process of unlocking the [[Fragment of Childhood Dreams]] domain.
* Completing this quest grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[A Once-Emerald Nursery]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|When you wake up, Festival Utsava is no more, and Arama is nowhere to be found. Only the faint fragrance from the garland tells you that this was not a dream.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Arama)
:'''Paimon:''' Arama!
:'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler), Paimon, you seem fresh, like fresh Zaytun Peaches. But Paimon looks unhappy. Did you have a nightmare?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon was afraid you'd abandoned us!
:'''Arama:''' Why would you think that? I've been here the whole time.
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong, Paimon?
::'''Paimon:''' B&mdash;Because Vanarana is in a dream, and the fun we had at Festival Utsava was like a dream... Paimon was afraid that everything would all go away once we woke up...
::'''Paimon:''' We'd be all that's left, just like when we first started the journey...
::'''Arama:''' But the things that happen in dreams are real. I have observed Nara before and found that nightmares would make them timid, and that nice dreams would make them happy, just like things that happen outside their dreams.
::'''Arama:''' So when Paimon dreamed of meeting us and also dreamed of meeting Vanarana, Paimon, it was as real as doing both in reality.
::{{DIcon}} And Arama is here too.
:::'''Arama:''' That's right! I'm here waiting for you to go to the Fane of Ashvattha together, to get the Bija, and to make Narana feel better.
::{{DIcon}} And we still have to help Rana.
:::'''Arama:''' Yes, we have to go to the Fane of Ashvattha to get the Bija, and to make Narana feel better!
:{{DIcon}} Don't get in your own head, Paimon. Let's go.
::'''Arama:''' That's right. We've got to go to the Fane of Ashvattha to get the Bija so Narana can get better!
:'''Paimon:''' ...That's true. Bah, (Traveler), you must have put weird mushrooms in the feast to make Paimon think about such stuff.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go, then!

:'''Arama:''' The Fane of Ashvattha is over there! This is my first time visiting it! How exciting!
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Arama:''' We're here. This is the Fane of Ashvattha, I can feel it.

;(Approach the tree)
:'''Arama:''' Wonderful, this place isn't corroded by Marana like Arayama and the others were! Nara (Traveler), Paimon, this is the Ashvattha Tree.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, what a weird-looking tree...
:'''Arama:''' That's rude, Paimon! You'll make the Ashvattha Tree mad! This is a very, very mighty tree &mdash; the oldest [[Vasara Tree]] there is. Even older than any Aranara and their stories...
;(Before completing [[Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies]])
::'''Arama:''' [[Queen Aranyani]] sang here &mdash; thousands of moons ago, or perhaps even more. She had just left [[Valuka]] at the time, and the woods weren't as lush as now, so there was still lots of sand on the ground.
::'''Arama:''' Her Ararakalari was more powerful than any Aranara's, since her song was the closest to the Sourcesong. So Ashvattha responded to her call and sprouted from [[Sarva]].
::'''Arama:''' Queen Aranyani told Ashvattha that there were many smart, beautiful, yet lonely Nara in the woods and that the children of the forest must increase so that they might become friends with the Nara.
::'''Arama:''' Therefore, Ashvattha produced a beautiful and full pomegranate with many seeds inside, the first of which to sprout was [[Aramuhukunda]].
::'''Arama:''' That made Aramuhukunda the very first Aranara. Later, all the seeds grew and Aranara spread like leaves on a tree. We and Nara were both people of the forest.
::'''Arama:''' That's why the Ashvattha Tree is very powerful and very important! Just like Nara bear Nara children, all Aranara are progeny of Ashvattha and Queen Aranyani.
;(After completing Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies)
::'''Arama:''' The [[Lord of Verdure]] sang here &mdash; thousands of moons ago, or perhaps even more. She had just left Valuka at the time, and the woods weren't as lush as now, so there was still lots of sand on the ground.
::'''Arama:''' Her Ararakalari was more powerful than any Aranara's, since her song was the closest to the Sourcesong. So Ashvattha responded to her call and sprouted from Sarva.
::'''Arama:''' She told Ashvattha that there were many smart, beautiful, yet lonely Nara in the woods and that the children of the forest must increase so that they might become friends with the Nara.
::'''Arama:''' Therefore, Ashvattha produced a beautiful and full pomegranate with many seeds inside, the first of which to sprout was Aramuhukunda.
::'''Arama:''' That made Aramuhukunda the very first Aranara. Later, all the seeds grew and Aranara spread like leaves on a tree. We and Nara were both people of the forest.
::'''Arama:''' That's why the Ashvattha Tree is very powerful and very important! Just like Nara bear Nara children, all Aranara are progeny of Ashvattha, of the Dendro Archon..
:'''Paimon:''' So that's how it is... Sorry, Arama. The Ashvattha Tree is super impressive!
:{{DIcon}} How rude of you, Paimon, calling someone's mother weird like that.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't mean to! Anyway, what do we need to do now to get the Bija?
:{{DIcon}} About the Bija...
:'''Arama:''' Right. Just like trees need earth and rain to flourish, dreams and memories are what a Vasara Tree needs. As I mentioned a moment ago, the Ashvattha Tree is the oldest of the Vasara Trees.
:'''Arama:''' That's why we've brought three [[Vasoma Fruit]]s from Araji, Arayama, and Aramaha as offerings for the Ashvattha Tree to bear great fruit.
:'''Paimon:''' Araji, Arayama, and Aramaha's Vasoma Fruits? Don't you mean the fruits of the Vasara Trees?
:'''Arama:''' That's what they are, yes.
:'''Arama:''' Stand closer to the Ashvattha Tree, Nara (Traveler).
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa...
:{{DIcon}} That's amazing.
:{{DIcon}} That's kinda spooky.
:'''Arama:''' Yes, all Aranara are descendants of this tree. You're now connected to all Aranara, and you bear their blessings, and so the Ashvattha Tree shall bless you too.
:'''Arama:''' For as long as you wear this garland, the Ashvattha Tree will recognize you as a child of the forest.
:'''Arama:''' Mmm...
:'''Arama:''' Something's wrong with the Ashvattha Tree. It feels a bit weak... This must be because of the [[Marana]] that's been showing up everywhere lately.
:'''Arama:''' Regardless, we're going into the Ashvattha Tree's dream next, and we'll offer the Vasoma Fruits to the Tree of Dreams. That should rejuvenate it!
:'''Paimon:''' So we're doing this like we did back in [[Ashvattha's Concourse]]s, right? (Traveler) will reach out and "Woosh," we'll be in the dream!
:'''Arama:''' Yes. Very smart, Paimon. So if you're ready, Nara (Traveler), reach your hand out and let's enter the Ashvattha Tree's dream.
:{{DIcon}} No problem.
::'''Paimon:''' Arama just mentioned Marana... Paimon wonders what we'll see in this dream! Oh well, it's fine! We've got (Traveler) around, after all!
::{{DIcon}} (Reach out to the Ashvattha Tree...)
::;(A domain transition occurs)
::{{DIcon}} Give me some time to ready myself.
:::'''Arama:''' Sure. Let me know when you're ready. I'll go with you!
:{{DIcon}} Give me some time to get ready.
::'''Arama:''' Sure. Let me know when you're ready. I'll go with you!

;(Talk to Arama if "Give me some time to get ready." was selected)
:'''Arama:''' Are you ready to enter the Ashvattha Tree's dream, Nara (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} No problem.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon believes it won't be a problem for (Traveler)!
::{{DIcon}} (Reach out to the Ashvattha Tree...)
::;(A domain transition occurs)
::{{DIcon}} Maybe some more time to ready myself.
:::'''Arama:''' Sure. Let me know when you're ready. I'll go with you!
:{{DIcon}} Give me some time to get ready.
::'''Arama:''' Sure. Let me know when you're ready. I'll go with you!
----
;(Enter the Ashvattha Tree's dream)
:'''Arama:''' How did this...
:'''Paimon:''' Why would The Withering be in the Ashvattha Tree's dream?
:'''Paimon:''' Regardless, we've got to get rid of The Withering as soon as possible!
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Ashvattha Tree's dream has been corroded by The Withering. It may affect the outcome of the Bija, so the danger must be averted immediately.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Arama:''' I'm sorry. I didn't sooner realized why something was wrong with the Ashvattha Tree...
:'''Paimon:''' It's alright! We've got (Traveler) here, so it's gonna be a piece of cake!
:'''Arama:''' *sob* So scary...

;(After clearing the Withering Zone)
:'''Paimon:''' It's finally gone, and it's all thanks to (Traveler). Let's go check out that tree, shall we?
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The Withering Zone in the dream has been cleared up. Now, offer the Vasoma Fruits to Ashvattha's Tree of Dreams with Arama. Perhaps it'll be of help... Hopefully...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the tree)
:'''Paimon:''' Finally we are here. Huh... Paimon remembers that we could see this mysterious tree in other Vasara Trees' dreams as well!
:'''Arama:''' I'm sorry, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. It escaped me that Marana has also corroded the Ashvattha Tree's dream...
:'''Arama:''' Countless black pests are corroding the roots of the Tree of Dreams in Sarva. I can feel Marana's hands, shaking the dream to its core.
:'''Arama:''' Sorry... I should have known this would've been the case when we saw Marana in Ashvattha's Concourses before.
:'''Paimon:''' It's okay! We fixed this easily with (Traveler) around, didn't we?
:{{DIcon}} Then the Bija...
:{{DIcon}} Piece of cake.
::'''Paimon:''' But... Will what happened here affect the Bija in any way?
:{{DIcon}} Well, it wasn't as easy as Paimon made it sound...
::'''Paimon:''' Well, you did it regardless, right?
::'''Paimon:''' But... Will what happened here affect the Bija in any way?
:'''Arama:''' The Vasoma Fruits should at least restore some of his power. I'm counting on you, Nara (Traveler).
:'''Arama:''' ...
:'''Arama:''' Yes, I understand. I didn't think it would be so soon, but I'm aware that I'll know what to do when the time comes.
:'''Arama:''' Just like the clouds know that they must release rain, and the rain knows that it must fall to the ground, seeds know that they must grow into big trees and bear lots of plump fruits.
:'''Paimon:''' Something's weird about Arama...
:'''Arama:''' Oh, I was just speaking to the Tree of Dreams. Huh, so you couldn't hear it.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's seen Aranakin talking to mushrooms before... But people can't normally communicate with plants, you know?
:'''Arama:''' I see! I just learned something new. Thank you, Paimon.
:'''Arama:''' Don't worry about the Bija, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. Let's just leave the dream for now.
:;(A domain transition occurs)
:'''Paimon:''' The heart of the Ashvattha Tree is glowing... Is that the Bija?
:'''Paimon:''' It hasn't been easy, but Rana can finally be healed!
:'''Arama:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh!?
:{{DIcon}} Arama...?
:{{DIcon}} What's going on?
:'''Arama:''' ...
:'''Arama:''' The Ashvattha Tree has been corroded by Marana and cannot bear any Bija. I have to plant a new Ashvattha Tree in order to help you.
:'''Paimon:''' But won't it require a long time to grow from a seed to a tree?
:'''Arama:''' Don't worry, the speed of a Vasara Tree's growth has to do with its seed. The Ashvattha Tree has given me all its power, and with the Vasoma Fruits and our shared memory, it will be fine.
:'''Arama:''' Thank you, the first Ashvattha Tree. Thank you, Araji, Arayama, and Aramaha. I will utilize your memories to rebuild the path between the new Ashvattha Tree and the dreams.
:'''Paimon:''' Do you get the feeling that Arama's different now...
:'''Arama:''' Am I? I learned a lot of new things, figured out lots of new words, and obtained a lot of memories.
:'''Arama:''' But rest assured, I'm still me, your friend. I will help you for sure.
:{{DIcon}} Then the Bija...
:{{DIcon}} I believe you. What do we do now?
:{{DIcon}} I understand.
::'''Arama:''' So long as you understand, Nara (Traveler), it's all good.
:'''Arama:''' [[Old Vanarana]] is sealed deep within the Fane of Ashvattha. That's where we'll find [[Marana's Avatar]].
:'''Arama:''' It will imbue the land and Sarva with viper venom until everything green turns brown, every flower has withered, every brook is putrid, and every creature is dead.
:'''Arama:''' We must destroy it. Only then can a tree strong enough to produce the Bija grow.

:'''Arama:''' The seal is over there.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The Ashvattha Tree has been corroded. But from its fruit, Arama seems to have gained new knowledge, memories, and... manners of speech. According to Arama, you should eliminate Marana's Avatar next so that the new Ashvattha Tree may be born. Only then can the Bija be formed.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Reach the marked spot)
:;(The vines obstructing the entrance to Old Vanarana shrivel)
;(Quest completes)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = For Fruits, Seeds, and Trees
|zhs     = 为了「果实」、「种子」，还有「树」
|zhs_rm  = Wèile "Guǒshí", "zhǒngzǐ", Háiyǒu "shù"
|zht     = 為了「果實」、「種子」，還有「樹」
|zht_rm  = Wèile "Guǒshí", "zhǒngzǐ", Háiyǒu "shù"
|zh_tl   = For "Fruit", "Seed", and "Tree"
|ja      = 「果実」、「種」、そして「樹」のために
|ja_rm   = "Kjitsu", "Tane", Soshite "Ki" no Tame ni
|ja_tl   = For the "Fruits", "Seeds", and the "Bushes"
|ko      = 「열매」와 「씨앗」, 그리고 「나무」를 위하여
|ko_rm   = "Yeolmae"wa "Ssiat", Geurigo "Namu"reul Wihayeo
|ko_tl   = For "Fruits", "Seeds", and "Trees"
|es      = ¡Por los frutos, las semillas y los árboles!
|es_tl   = For Fruits, Seeds, and Trees!
|fr      = Pour les fruits, les graines et les arbres !
|fr_tl   = For Fruits, Seeds, and Trees!
|ru      = Во имя фруктов, семян и деревьев
|ru_tl   = In the Name of Fruits, Seeds and Trees
|th      = เพื่อ "ผลไม้", "เมล็ดพันธุ์" และ "ต้นไม้"
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vì "Trái Cây", "Hạt Giống", Và Cả "Cây" Nữa
|vi_tl   = For "Fruits", "Seeds", and "Trees" Too
|de      = Für die „Früchte“, die „Samen“ und die „Bäume“
|de_tl   = For the "Fruits", the "Seeds" and the "Trees"
|id      = Demi "Buah", "Bibit", dan "Pohon"
|id_tl   = For "Fruits", "Seeds", and "Trees"
|pt      = Pelos frutos, sementes e árvores.
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Meyveler, Tohumlar ve Ağaçlar İçin
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Per frutta, semi e alberi
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:¡Por los frutos, las semillas y los árboles!]]