{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74512
|image         = <!-- Event Quest For the Future's Sake, Experiment.png -->
|type          = World
|event_name    = Rolling Crossfire
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Chenee; Frejus; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = 
|prev          = The Gardes' Inventor
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Mora*30,000;Adventurer's Experience*6
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''For the Future's Sake, Experiment!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Rolling Crossfire]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Frejus

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Having completed Frejus and Chenee's remote cannon experiment, it's time to go back and talk to them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Chenee]] and [[Frejus]])
;(If all test rewards were unlocked)
::'''Frejus:''' The data indicates that this invention is a success. Thank you both.
::'''Chenee:''' Yup, thanks!
::'''Chenee:''' See, I told you this would go well! With your genius in play, Frejus, this remote-controlled cannon thing was a piece of cake!
;(If not all test rewards were unlocked)
::'''Frejus:''' Hmm... Judging by the experimental data, there might still be a few issues with this invention. In any case, thank you both for your help.
::'''Chenee:''' Yup, thanks!
::'''Chenee:''' Aw, are you feeling discouraged, Frejus? Don't worry! If a genius like you is having trouble, that just means that this research angle was problematic from the start!
:'''Frejus:''' I&mdash;I suppose...
:'''Chenee:''' In that case, let's get cracking with the next awesome gadget &mdash; and I have a great idea for one, too!
:'''Frejus:''' What?
:'''Chenee:''' What about an airship that can explore the skies?
:'''Frejus:''' Um...
:'''Chenee:''' Or a mega drill that can bore deep underground?
:'''Frejus:''' Hah...
:'''Paimon:''' Feels like she's trying to make his life difficult on purpose...
:{{DIcon}} Those might be a bit of a tall order...
:'''Chenee:''' I mean, you're the one who rejected the Institute's offer three times. I'm sure you can make stuff even they can't, right?
;(If all test rewards were unlocked)
::'''Frejus:''' Of course. I can only say that it will be tricky, but not a big deal.
;(If not all test rewards were unlocked)
::'''Frejus:''' But of course.
:'''Chenee:''' *sigh* You know what? I don't want those things anymore. Flying up into the sky or delving into the earth both sound boring. It's cold up there, and it's stuffy down there.
:'''Frejus:''' I share that sentiment.
:'''Chenee:''' In that case, could you make something that we'd use normally? ...Ooh, that's right! I love sleeping in in the mornings, so could you make me an automatic oven that bakes on its own?
:'''Paimon:''' Well now, that sounds possible.
:{{DIcon}} Her earlier suggestions were intentionally impossible, I think.
:'''Frejus:''' Alright, let me consider how this might be designed.
:'''Chenee:''' Nice! I'll take that as agreement &mdash; and if it does prove impossible, you'll just have to make me breakfast in the future, eh, Frejus?
:'''Frejus:''' What? What sort of request is that... In any case, you needn't worry, I'm sure such a small invention is well within my skill. I am, after all, a "genius."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = For the Future's Sake, Experiment!
|zhs      = 奔赴未来的实验
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 奔赴未來的實驗
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 未来への実験
|ja_rm    = Mirai he no Jikken
|ja_tl    = Experiment Towards the Future
|ko       = 미래를 향한 테스트
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Experimentos hacia el futuro
|es_tl    = Experiments Toward the Future
|fr       = Expérience pour le bien du futur !
|fr_tl    = Experiment for the Future's Sake!
|ru       = Эксперимент во имя будущего
|ru_tl    = Experiment In the Name of the Future
|th       = การทดลองที่มุ่งสู่อนาคต
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Thí Nghiệm Hướng Tới Tương Lai
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ein Experiment im Dienste der Zukunft
|de_tl    = An Experiment in the Service of the Future
|id       = Menuju Eksperimen Masa Depan!
|id_tl    = Towards Future Experiments!
|pt       = Pelo Bem do Futuro, Experimente!
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Gelecek İçin Bir Deney!
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Un esperimento in nome del futuro!
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

[[pt-br:Pelo Bem do Futuro, Experimente!]]
[[ru:Эксперимент во имя будущего]]