{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73036
|image         = World Quest For the Children of the Past.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Aranyaka
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = III
|act           = Nursery of Lost Dreams
|part          = 2
|summary       = 
|characters    = Arama; Aramuhukunda; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Fane of Ashvattha]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Vissudha Field
|subarea       = Fane of Ashvattha
|prev          = For Fruits, Seeds, and Trees
|next          = For All Children Who Long for Life
|exp           = 500
|mora          = 50,000
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
}}
'''''For the Children of the Past''''' is the second quest in the [[World Quest]] series [[Aranyaka]]: Part III - [[Nursery of Lost Dreams]].

==Steps==
# Follow [[Arama]] into "[[Old Vanarana]]"
# Talk to Arama
# Go in search of the [[Inscriptions of Remembrance]] with Arama
# Obtain the Inscription of Remembrance
# Continue searching for the Inscriptions of Remembrance
# Obtain the second Inscription of Remembrance
# Continue searching for the Inscriptions of Remembrance
# Obtain the third Inscription of Remembrance
# Go to the seal with Arama
# Continue forward with Arama
# Try to destroy the Tumor of the [[Withering]]
# Try to lift the seal (0/7)
#* Hit the [[Stone Pillar Seal]]s with {{Pyro}} attacks. There are four seals in the main area.
#* Use the [[Vintage Lyre]] at the [[Claustroflora]] to the northeast to open a new cave.
#* Destroy the fifth and sixth seals within the cave.
#* Proceed deeper into the cave and use the Vintage Lyre at the [[Sprouting Branch]] to summon [[Dendrogranum|Healthy Dendrograna]].
#* Use the Healthy Dendrograna to make charged attacks at the four [[Valaya|Special Valaya]] in the correct sequence. This also unlocks a [[Common Chest]].
#* Destroy the seventh seal in the newly-opened cave.
#* Use the Vintage Lyre at the Claustroflora to return to the main area.
# Talk to Arama
# Look for a way down
# Defeat the ruin machine(s)
#* The [[Ruin Grader]] will become invulnerable and recover its health fully once it is defeated. Reduce its HP two times to complete this step.
# At least, it proves to be a way down
# Meet up with Arama
# Investigate the area
# Talk to Arama
# Leave [[Aramuhukunda]]'s home
# Go to the deepest part of the cave

==Gameplay Notes==
* Unlike most areas affected by [[The Withering]], the base level of [[Decay]] here is four units, and gradually accumulates over time, even if the player is not hit.
* A protective aura surrounds Arama that acts similarly to a [[Candle of Life]], rapidly reducing accumulated Decay whenever the player is within its range. Additionally, it also recovers 10% of the active character's Max HP every second.
* After completing [[Aranyaka]], revisiting the mural in the [[Sand-Embraced Home]] will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Though to the Earth I May Return...]]''

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The [[Ashvattha Tree]] has been corroded. But from its fruit, Arama seems to have gained new knowledge, memories, and... manners of speech. According to Arama, you should eliminate Marana's Avatar next so that the new Ashvattha Tree may be born. Only then can the Bija be formed.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Following Arama)
:'''Arama:''' Alright. Let's go.
:'''Arama:''' It really has been fully corroded by Marana. I have the the power to resist Marana now, but don't stray too far from my side.
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, that's too fast... Arama! Wait!
:'''Arama:''' What's wrong?

;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' *huff*... *huff*... You're flying too fast, Arama!
:'''Arama:''' Is that so? Sorry. But based on how you float, you shouldn't be exhausting any stamina.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon must be fully focused to fly, so it is exhausting! Arama, just fly at the speed of a [[Seelie]], alright?
:'''Arama:''' A Seelie? In the ancient stories, Seelies were a great race with wisdom and beauty beyond the pale of this earth. They traveled with Nara and taught Nara languages and the philosophy of nature.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Paimon thought that they were just large but annoying fireflies that lead us around by the nose...
:'''Arama:''' Seelies are just empty husks that race left behind. This is because they were born with a curse: If they fall in love with Nara, they shall lose their intelligence and strength, and their bodies will regress.
;(Before completing [[Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies]])
::'''Arama:''' There was once a survivor of that race deep within the golden desert who was friends with [[Queen Aranyani]] and the ruler of Valuka. Perhaps there are more stories to be found in the eternal oasis.
;(After completing Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies)
::'''Arama:''' There was once a survivor of that race deep within the golden desert who was friends with the [[Lord of Verdure]] and the ruler of Valuka. Perhaps there are more stories to be found in the eternal oasis.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmmm...
:{{DIcon}} Anyway, don't fly too fast...
:{{DIcon}} Anyway, Seelie annoy me...
:{{DIcon}} ...Is there a reason why you told us that story?
:'''Arama:''' Yes. So you see... at their prime, the Seelies were probably faster than a storm. Plus, isn't Paimon tired? We can rest while I tell stories about [[Sarva]].
:'''Paimon:''' You even know how to be evasive now, Arama. You've really changed...
:'''Arama:''' Anyway, this was our first {{Rubi|homeland|[[Vanarana]]}}. [[Aranara]] used to live here before the disaster, and many Nara had visited us.
:'''Paimon:''' Before the disaster... Are you saying that...
:'''Arama:''' Yes, and you've been to the second Vanarana. Meanwhile, [[Marana's Avatar]] is imprisoned by three seals deep within this place.
:'''Arama:''' Three Inscriptions of Remembrance are needed to undo the first seal. While the landscape here is a little different from the memories I received, I have a rough idea where they are.
:'''Arama:''' Anyway, Marana is very dangerous. Nara (Traveler), Paimon, I recommend we match each other's pace. Let me know when you're ready to set out.
:;(If the [[Through the Mists]] questline was completed)
::'''Paimon:''' Three seals, and we must find three Inscriptions of Remembrance just for the first seal... This is so troublesome. Why does everything have to be done three times?
::{{DIcon}} They don't call it "The Rule of Three" for nothing...
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah... If [[Ruu]] were here, Paimon's sure he and Arama would become friends real quick...
::'''Arama:''' Ruu?
::'''Paimon:''' Yes, he's a friend of ours.
::'''Arama:''' I see. I too wish to meet Nara (Traveler) and Paimon's friend. A Nara who's friends with both of you is for sure a great Nara.
::'''Arama:''' But it's alright. The past and the future meet in Sarva. A day will come when I'll have the honor of meeting this Ruu and becoming friends with him.
::'''Arama:''' By the way, there are actually four seals imprisoning Marana. The first seal is the Door of Vana, which is right behind us.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! It feels like we have so much to do! Let's get moving!
::{{DIcon}} Yeah, let's go.
::{{DIcon}} Let's rest a while longer...
:::'''Arama:''' Alright. We'll set out whenever you are ready.
:{{DIcon}} I wanna rest a while longer...
::'''Arama:''' Alright. We'll set out whenever you are ready.

;(Talk to Arama again &mdash; if the player did not select "Let's go")
:'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler), Paimon, I recommend we match each other's pace. Let me know when you're ready to set out.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Three seals... It feels like we have so much to do! Let's get moving!
::{{DIcon}} Yeah, let's go.
::{{DIcon}} Let's rest a while longer...
:::'''Arama:''' Alright. We'll set out whenever you are ready.
:{{DIcon}} I wanna rest a while longer...
::'''Arama:''' Alright. We'll set out whenever you are ready.
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Marana's Avatar is sealed behind three seals deep within Old Vanarana. Three Inscriptions of Remembrance must be found to undo the first seal.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the first inscription)
:'''Arama:''' I've found one. There's an Inscription of Remembrance over there. Please retrieve it.
:'''Paimon:''' It looks like the house of some Aranara... But it's so desolate, and there are monsters here...

;(Interact with the inscription)
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} (Try to sense the memories within the inscription...)
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' ...Ah, so you too are a child of the forest. Since you're reading my Inscription of Remembrance, Marana is gone, right? Or perhaps you're here to put an end to it?
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' There are many stories I wish to hear. Is [[Araja]]'s dream beautiful? Are [[Arana]] and [[Aramani]] doing well? I'm sure the new songs born into this world are absolutely beautiful!
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' Oh, there's no rush to tell me anything. For I hear no more and see no more. But fret not, for we shall meet in Sarva.
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' When the time comes, you can take your time to tell me the stories of the earth! This inscription is the work of [[Araji]], [[Arayama]], and myself &mdash; our pride and joy. It's yours now...
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' "May the new dreams never experience Marana's corrosion."<br />"And may the old stories be forgotten alongside it."

;(After reading the inscription)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, the inscription is gone...
:'''Arama:''' Don't worry, I've gained the memories and power of the inscription. Thank you.
:'''Paimon:''' [[Aramaha]]... That's the Aranara who was mentioned while we were helping [[Arasudraka]] search for that song, right?
:'''Arama:''' Yes, this was his home. He planted many Viparyas here. His memory of this place is of a time when the Viparyas were in full bloom, but they're all gone now.

;(Following Arama)
:'''Paimon:''' So Arama's "ring" was... like a "shield" to begin with?
:'''Paimon:''' That "shield" looks just like [[Arana]]'s, and it can resist The Withering, too! Is it a similar [[Ararakalari]]?
;(Before completing [[Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies]])
::'''Arama:''' It is. Ararakalari originated from the song of Aranara that praised [[Queen Aranyani]], Nara, and their own species. This song is called the "Mahamaitri Kusa Stotra," and it can stop the heralds of death.
::'''Arama:''' [[Aramuhukunda]] and Arana witnessed the moment when Queen Aranyani healed the land and transformed the golden lands of death into forests full of vitality. So, their Ararakalari gained this ability.
;(After completing Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies)
::'''Arama:''' It is. Ararakalari originated from the song of Aranara that praised the Dendro Archon, Nara, and their own species. This song is called the "Mahamaitri Kusa Stotra," and it can stop the heralds of death.
::'''Arama:''' [[Aramuhukunda]] and Arana witnessed the moment when the [[Lord of Verdure]] healed the land and transformed the golden lands of death into forests filled with vitality. So, their Ararakalari gained this ability.
:'''Paimon:''' Mahama... What? That's so complicated! Can't you just call it the "Song of the Marana's Defeat" or the "Song of Life," or something like that?
:'''Arama:''' Yes, the Song of Life is a very nice name. Let's call it that. Paimon is very good at naming things.
:'''Paimon:''' Hee-hee! Of course! Everyone loves the nicknames Paimon gives them!

;(Continue following Arama)
:'''Paimon:''' Also, Paimon's still really curious... Why have you change so much, Arama?
:'''Arama:''' Little Nara grow, learn a lot, possess many memories, and change. Even if the change is slow, when you do look back, you will find that it is like the transformation from a seed to a tree.
:'''Arama:''' From sunrise to sunset, I gained centuries worth of memories, and that's why Paimon thinks I've changed a lot. But there's no need to worry.
:'''Paimon:''' That's so convenient! If only people could gain knowledge like that... Huh, why does that sound somewhat familiar to Paimon?

;(Approach the second inscription)
:'''Arama:''' There's an Inscription of Remembrance over there too.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, leave it to us!

;(Interact with the inscription)
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} (Try to sense the memories within the inscription...)
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' Araji really wants to see Vanarana filled with many, many flowers again, and birds on green trees while Nara sing with us under the trees.
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' Marana really is terrifying, but thinking about scenes like that makes it less scary. Arayama said that Araji is very brave, and that Araji should think about happy things when afraid.
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' So Araji decided on the inscription's content, with the hopes that it will bring courage to you who have come to Vanarana that is beautiful no more...
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' "May the green fields and mountains never wither."<br />"May the streams stay clear and the flowers remain in bloom."

;(After reading the inscription)
:'''Paimon:''' But Vanarana has withered...
:'''Arama:''' Yes, but once Marana is gone, in time, this place will be filled with life again.
:'''Arama:''' The grass will sprout from the ground again, and the withered trees will grow new leaves. If you have to know why, it's because life will always overcome death.

;(Following Arama)
:'''Paimon:''' The Withering is really terrifying! Paimon doesn't know what we would do without Arama's power! If only everyone from Sumeru had this ability! No one would have to worry about The Withering that way!
:'''Arama:''' True, that would fill the world with little balls and rings of green, and both Nara and Fungi won't have to fear Marana anymore. That would be very good, and very green.
:'''Paimon:''' It almost sounds a little too healthy...

;(Continue following Arama)
:'''Paimon:''' Aranara are truly amazing! Y'know, [[Aranakin]] and the others gave us [[Kusava|a strange seed]] while we were adventuring together. Is that a type of Ararakalari too?
:'''Arama:''' I can sense that it's still in Nara (Traveler)'s possession. It's something even more precious than Ararakalari.
:'''Arama:''' It is not just a collection of memories and dreams, but it's a part of Aranara's life. I hope you cherish it.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh...

;(Approach the third inscription)
:'''Arama:''' The final Inscription of Remembrance should be over there.
:'''Paimon:''' We can undo the seal once we get this last inscription then!

;(Interact with the inscription)
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} (Try to sense the memories within the inscription...)
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' We will be victorious. The living will overcome the dead, and we'll meet again one day in Sarva.
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' "Friends will stroll through the forest again. That which is good will return, and the painful memories will vanish. Just like a stream purifying itself or a withered tree sprouting once more."
:'''Inscription of Remembrance:''' ...This is my inscription. Goodbye.

;(After reading the inscription)
:'''Arama:''' We have all three inscriptions now. Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
:'''Arama:''' We can now undo the seal. In the memories of the past, the seal was beneath a large tree. But all that remains after the disaster is probably just an empty shell.
:'''Arama:''' Go forward along this path and we'll arrive at the seal.

;(Approach the tree hollow)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like we'll have to squeeze in through here...
:'''Arama:''' Alright.

----
;(Approach the seal)
:'''Paimon:''' Is this the seal? What a huge tree hollow...
:'''Arama:''' Yes, it's all thanks to you that I've been able to witness Old Vanarana, and lay eyes on our original home. Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon.
:'''Arama:''' ...Thank you, Aramaha, Araji, and Arayama, thank you for guarding the seal. Marana eventually managed to escape to the outside world, but it's not your fault.
:'''Arama:''' Now, I shall undo the seal which has existed for hundreds and thousands of moons...
:'''Arama:''' May the new {{Rubi|dreams|Vanarana}} never experience Marana's corrosion, and may the old {{Rubi|stories|Vanarana}} be forgotten alongside it.

:'''"May the new dreams never experience Marana's corruption, and may the old stories be forgotten alongside it."<br />"May the green fields and mountains never wither. May the streams stay clear and the flowers remain in bloom."<br />"Friends will stroll through the forest again. That which is good will return, and the painful memories will vanish. Just like a stream purifying itself or a withered tree sprouting once more."'''

:'''Paimon:''' The seal's been lifted! Is the path forward... downward?
:'''Arama:''' Yeah, the second seal is up next. Let's go.

:'''Arama:''' Let's go in together. Marana's corrosion exists in the air here too, so don't stray too far from my side.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! This place is so deep...
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|The seal has been undone. Now, travel through the huge tree hollow and continue forward.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the bottom of the tree hollow)
:'''Paimon:''' It's huge and filled with plants, but it's really desolate...
:'''Arama:''' Yeah, I didn't expect it to be like this either. In the memories I received, this place is mostly remembered as a green and lush forest.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... You know, you're probably the greenest thing here right now, Arama!
:'''Arama:''' Yes, of course.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon can't help but feel a bit disappointed...

;(Approach the Teleport Waypoint)
:'''Paimon:''' It's here! Another Tumor of the Withering! Take it down, (Traveler)!
:'''Arama:''' Tumors are starting to appear because we're getting close to Marana's Avatar. Removing them can ease the situation for us, but the area around them is also the most dangerous.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon noticed... But (Traveler) will be fine! We've dealt with The Withering along the way a lot, after all!
:'''Arama:''' Yes, I trust both of you. Tell me whenever you need my help.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|A Tumor of the Withering has appeared. Destroying it will be somewhat helpful.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the Tumor of the Withering)
:'''Paimon:''' Those small branches must be removed first before we can get to the Tumor of the Withering...
:'''Paimon:''' Now where are those branches...

;(After some time)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... We have to hurry up and destroy the Tumor of the Withering! Paimon doesn't feel so good... (Traveler), are you alright?
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, this isn't going to work... Arama! Please help!
:'''Arama:''' I see. Let me give it a try...
:;(Arama destroys the tumor)
:'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What was that? Was that Ararakalari? It just...
:'''Arama:''' No, it wasn't. Paimon needed help, so I hit the Marana very, very hard. I'm very pleased to say that I eliminated that evil tumor.
:'''Arama:''' May we never meet again, evil tumor.
:'''Paimon:''' If hitting a Tumor of the Withering very, very hard can destroy it, the Aranara should be able to deal with The Withering once and for all, right?
:'''Arama:''' No, it has to be hit very, very hard, specifically. Most Aranara aren't that strong.
:'''Arama:''' Many, many suns must pass, then many, many moons must pass. When seed turns to tree, when stream turns to river, only then will an Aranara possess such strength.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it now. But y'know, you're speaking normally again, Arama...
:'''Arama:''' Used too much strength just now. So, many words, many memories, gone with the wind.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh... Paimon remembers someone saying that memories are Aranara's bank of strength...
:{{DIcon}} It's all Paimon's fault.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon was just trying to eliminate The Withering here...
::'''Arama:''' It's fine! Used energy will come back slowly. I've absorbed the Ashvattha Tree's memories, so I recover even faster. We destroyed Marana's evil tumor, very good, very good.
:{{DIcon}} So what should we do now?
:'''Arama:''' The seal is nearby. Many different Ararakalari here keep Marana's Avatar in. So, it sent the evil tumor to damage the seal.
:'''Arama:''' That looks like [[Aradasha]]'s stone lock...
:'''Paimon:''' And this... This is the flower that sealed Ashvattha's Concourse...
:'''Arama:''' Oh! It's Arayama's flower. In the past, many Aranara fought Marana here, and together they sealed this place.
:'''Arama:''' Marana's Avatar is very, very deep underground. Break this seal, then break the next seal, and we can face it and defeat it.
:{{DIcon}} Leave the seals to us.
:{{DIcon}} How do we break the seals?
::'''Arama:''' I don't know... This place has changed so much, many memories lost too. I'm sorry, Nara (Traveler).
::'''Paimon:''' Well! Solving these puzzles will be a piece of cake! Right, (Traveler)?
::{{DIcon}} I'm pretty smart, I reckon.
::{{DIcon}} Paimon's very intelligent.
:::'''Paimon:''' Of course! Hehe.
::{{DIcon}} But I don't want puzzles...
:::'''Paimon:''' Eh, really? Haven't we been able to solve so many puzzles and find so much treasure along the way because you're fond of puzzles...?
:'''Paimon:''' Whatever the case, let's do our best for a little while longer. We'll eliminate Marana's Avatar and get the Bija!
:'''Arama:''' Yeah! We can do it, Nara (Traveler), Paimon! I will stay and build up some strength. I need strength to face Marana's Avatar.
:'''Arama:''' Oh, right! Nara "rest" so that they can build up their strength and defeat Marana! Nara are amazing!
:'''Paimon:''' Rest is meant to build up strength, yeah, but not everyone has to fight Marana...
:'''Arama:''' Is that so? Well, luckily Nara (Traveler) and Paimon "rested" before coming. We'll definitely defeat Marana's Avatar now!
:'''Arama:''' There are some [[Candle of Life|tiny lights]] around us that can resist Marana's corrosion and protect Nara (Traveler) and Paimon. You can rest if you want.

;(Talk to Arama again)
:'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler), would you like to rest?
:{{DIcon}} About Aradasha...
::'''Arama:''' Aradasha is very strong. In the stories, a very, very long time ago, there was once a metal beast the size of a mountain, and it could spit fire like shooting light beams.
::'''Arama:''' But Aradasha bested the beast and imprisoned it with a lock of stone! He saved many Aranara!
::'''Arama:''' His legend was as dazzling as the sun, and many Aranara wished for their Ararakalari to be as powerful as his!
:{{DIcon}} About the disaster...
::'''Arama:''' It was very scary! Even the sky turned black. Trees swayed like a field of grass under strong winds, and they all fell to the ground. And then very, very scary monsters were everywhere.
::'''Arama:''' Many of the monsters in the memories I obtained look very much like the monsters we've seen. Like the [[Riftwolf|black dogs]], the [[Ruin Machine|huge metal beasts]], and the [[Hilichurl|hilinara]].
::'''Arama:''' Marana appeared during the disaster too, and many grasslands were turned to sand. That's why we fought Marana and sealed its avatar underground.
:{{DIcon}} About the seal...
::'''Arama:''' The seal was made by many Aranara. We... They wanted to imprison Marana and stop it from harming Aranara, Nara, and the earth.
::'''Arama:''' Later on, Marana slowly seeped into the ground like water. But we were in the dreams already and unaware that it had turned out so terrifying...
:{{DIcon}} No. Let's get it over with first.
::'''Arama:''' Alright! Thank you, Nara (Traveler), and good luck!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|After Arama "hit it very, very hard," the Tumor of the Withering was finally destroyed, but Arama seems to have lost some memories as a consequence. It's fine, unraveling the mystery and undoing the seal should be a piece of cake.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After destroying all the seals)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be enough, right? Let's see what Arama thinks!

;(Talk to Arama)
:'''Paimon:''' Arama! We're back! How are you feeling?
:'''Arama:''' Oh! I've built up some strength! I'm fine! I can sense that the seal is broken. Now, leave the rest to me.
:'''Arama:''' There's so much sand here. I think it used to be stone and soil. But Marana took away the life and moisture in the soil, turning it into sand.
:'''Arama:''' Aranakin hates sand. If only he could see this!
:'''Paimon:''' See what?
:'''Arama:''' See sand vanish!
:;(The sand sinks into a space beneath it, revealing some ruin machines)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon never thought that there'd be such a deep space beneath the sands...
:'''Arama:''' The earth is made of soil, stone, sand, and tree roots. So if sand is removed, a very, very large space will appear. Aranara, Nara, and animals can move within it.
:'''Arama:''' But more sand should have vanished to make more space and let us go deeper. Bad sand.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon saw many ruin machines while descending... So a fierce battle really did occur here...
:'''Arama:''' Yes. The monsters here and the monsters in the Ashvattha Tree's dream, I've seen them in the memories too &mdash; the black dogs and huge metal beasts.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's look for a way to go further down!
:'''Arama:''' Okay!

;(Talk to Arama again)
:'''Arama:''' Bad sand. Rough and coarse. Ugh, green grass won't grow from it.
:'''Arama:''' There's a very, very huge Valuka outside the forest, and there are Nara in it. Nara must be suffering.

{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|A deep space is hidden beneath the desert. Based on its depth, it should lead close to Marana's Avatar. To arrive at the final seal, finding a way down around here seems to be essential.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the Ruin Grader)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Why are these ruin machines still alive?
:'''Arama:''' Are those huge iron monsters really "alive"? They are moving for sure, but I sense no life in them...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's not dwell on the little details! Get ready to fight, (Traveler)!

;(After defeating the Ruin Grader once)
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? How can this be?
:'''Arama:''' The huge metal beast has gained its strength back? Is it because it has had some "rest"?
:'''Paimon:''' ...Paimon doesn't think that's the problem here! Anyway, like Arama said, "striking really really hard" should take them down.

;(After defeating the Ruin Grader twice)
:'''Paimon:''' It came back again! There's no end to this!
:'''Arama:''' Oh, I got it! There something else we can do...
:;(Arama restrains the Ruin Grader with a seal)
:'''Arama:''' According to the memories, this might cause a bit of shaking. Be careful, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon!
:;(After a while, Arama uses an Ararakalari; the Traveler falls into a body of water)
:'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler)! Paimon! Are you alright?
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh! That was scary! The water down here saved Paimon's life!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|With a few risky moves from Arama, we arrive at the bottom of the tunnel. The final seal should be here.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Arama)
:'''Arama:''' Nara (Traveler)! Paimon! I'm glad you're alright!
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Paimon's fine! But (Traveler) always has it rough! Are you alright?
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry about me.
:{{DIcon}} I'm a little tired...
:{{DIcon}} Piece of cake.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't expect to see a space like this here... Paimon doesn't sense The Withering either...
:'''Arama:''' This should be the final seal. Thank you, Nara (Traveler) and Paimon, for coming here with me. Marana's Avatar should be close by now.
:'''Arama:''' Once we defeat Marana's Avatar, I'll plant a new Ashvattha Tree, and then it'll produce the Bija for us.
:'''Paimon:''' Then let's finish this! We'll help Rana and complete Arana's request.
:'''Arama:''' Yes!
:'''Arama:''' But I don't have enough memories. I don't know how to undo this seal...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, it's not a big place. Paimon's certain we'll find something if we look around!
:'''Paimon:''' Arama, you rest and build up your strength! You'll need it if you plan to fight Marana's Avatar!
:'''Arama:''' Alright! I'll rest well!

;(Talk to Arama again)
:'''Arama:''' If only Nara (Traveler) was here very, very long ago. Then you could have fought the huge metal beasts with Aramuhukunda, Aradasha, and the others!
:{{DIcon}} What was that?
::'''Arama:''' While Nara (Traveler) was fighting just now, I could sense that the huge metal beast was very bad. It absorbs Marana's strength and grows stronger.
::'''Arama:''' It would be exhausting for Nara (Traveler) if the battle went on. Then I remembered! In my memories, Aradasha used this Ararakalari to trap and destroy many huge metal beasts.
::'''Arama:''' So, I tried his Ararakalari, and I hit it very, very hard.
:{{DIcon}} So, where are we?
::'''Arama:''' I don't know. This place doesn't exist in the memories I received. It feels like the home of Aranara, but it shouldn't be like this...
::'''Arama:''' But this place is very good. No Marana, and there's water, light, and grass.
:{{DIcon}} See you.
::'''Arama:''' Yes! This place is very good. We can rest.

----
;(Investigate the leftmost mural)
:'''Mural:''' (A slightly crude mural of Aranara with a golden Aranara among them. They seem to be happily celebrating something.)

;(Investigate the left mural)
:'''Mural:''' (A mural of three Aranara and a golden Aranara. They seem to be entering a huge whirlpool.)

;(Investigate the middle mural)
:'''Mural:''' (A mural of many Aranara with their fronts &mdash; or backs &mdash; facing something strange. There's a golden Aranara with them.)

;(Investigate the right mural)
:'''Mural:''' (Four Aranara, one golden Aranara, and a column... Or is that a tree trunk? It's hard to tell since the drawing is rather vague.)
:'''Mural:''' (...The scene looks somewhat familiar.)

;(Investigate the rightmost mural)
:'''Mural:''' (A mural of some Aranara forming a circle.)

;(Investigate the baggage and books)
:'''Baggage and Books:''' (It looks like something you'd see in an adventurer's camp. But the books are full of crooked drawings, mostly of Aranara doing something.)
:'''Baggage and Books:''' (Speaking of which, why are adventurers so fond of bringing a stack of books with them when they go camping? Never mind the fact that their tents are open in all directions and block neither wind nor rain... Why must they bring a stack of books?)

;(Investigate the vine thicket)
:'''Vine Thicket:''' (Vines that have completely sealed the path off. There doesn't seem to be a way through.)

;(Investigate the pool)
:'''Pool:''' (Cool and clean water. It's impossible to tell where the water came from.)

;(Investigate the Aranara house)
:'''Aranara House:''' (This seems to be the home of some Aranara, and looks just like those houses in Vanarana. But its "owner" is nowhere to be found.)
:'''Aranara House:''' (If Aranara don't need to rest, why do they need houses?)

;(Investigate the chair)
:'''Chair:''' (This looks like a very ordinary chair.)
:'''Chair:''' (...But both its size and workmanship clearly indicate that it's meant for humans, and not for Aranara.)
----
;(After investigating all of the objects)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon can't find any leads... Maybe we should discuss this with Arama...

;(Talk to Arama)
:'''Paimon:''' There aren't any clues...
:'''Arama:''' I see. But this place is very calm, very good.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah. But it must be really difficult for you to keep the ring up and fend off The Withering, Arama...
:'''Arama:''' I'm fine! Being with Nara (Traveler) and Paimon is a very happy thing. I won't forget!
:'''Arama:''' I recovered some strength while resting, so I remember now! This used to be Aramuhukunda's home!
:;(??? suddenly appears)
:'''???:''' Hello, Arama, Nara (Traveler), and Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Where did you come from...
:'''Arama:''' You're Aramuhukunda...
:{{DIcon}} Whoa!
::'''Paimon:''' ...Aren't you that mysterious Aranara we met during Festival Utsava? That Aranara who speaks unlike any other Aranara?
::'''Aramuhukunda:''' You still remember. That gladdens me. Nara (Traveler) made a garland from my flower and the flowers of many Aranara. To me, that is a great honor.
::{{DIcon}} Thank you for the flowers.
::{{DIcon}} Arama made the garland.
:{{DIcon}} We met during Festival Utsava...
::'''Aramuhukunda:''' You still remember. That gladdens me. You made a garland from my flower and the flowers of many Aranara. To me, that is a great honor.
::{{DIcon}} Thank you for the flowers.
::{{DIcon}} Arama made the garland.
:'''Arama:''' Aramuhukunda! I've heard so many stories about you, and I played with you in the memories of Arayama and the others!
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' Then you've inherited their memories, I see. As a past friend of theirs, this fills me with pride.
:'''Arama:''' Yes... But during the battle {{Rubi|here|Old Vanarana}}, many memories vanished, like fruits falling to the ground or clouds blown away by the wind...
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' I see. They won't be sad about it, and you have no reason to either. There's no end to the precious memories you can create and the strength you can gain while you're with your friends.
:'''Arama:''' Yeah, I understand...
:'''Paimon:''' Arama was really impressive when he took down that Tumor of the Withering with just one punch! He did the same to a Ruin Grader too! He really helped a lot!
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' Very good, Arama. It's just as I heard in Sarva... You're a brave Aranara.
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' Nara (Traveler), Paimon, you've come. Intentional or not, it fills me with great pride. I've always wanted to hang out with Nara friends here.
:{{DIcon}} Do you know how to break the seal?
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, but we have other matters to attend to...
:{{DIcon}} We can hang out!
::'''Paimon:''' Yes, let's hang out later! But we've gotta break the seal here and defeat Marana's Avatar first.
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' Worry not, I know why you're here. The Ashvattha Tree told me many things, before it used what strength it had left to give Arama the fruit of dreams.
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' Go through that cave and you'll arrive at the place where we defeated and sealed Marana hundreds of years ago. It hasn't fully recovered yet, but there's no time to lose.
:'''Arama:''' Yeah! We've gotta break the last seal and defeat it as soon as possible! Only then can a new Ashvattha Tree grow to produce the Bija.
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' And I am the final seal. I am the one who's keeping an eye on Marana's Avatar, and yet its strength still seeps through the sand like water, creeping through Sarva.
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' I will undo this last seal and open the path for you. I'm certain that you can defeat it and put an end to this final enemy.
:;(Several vines shrivel away)
:'''Paimon:''' Alright! (Traveler), Arama, the seal's gone! Thanks, Aramuhukunda!
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' Do not worry. Rather, it is I who should say thank you. Nara (Traveler), Paimon, I have a question for you before you go...
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' I've been busy preparing an environment comfortable for Nara, just for your visit. But I've not traveled alongside Nara for far too long, so I do not trust my own judgment.
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' Nara (Traveler), Paimon, do you like this place?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... It's really nice and relaxing. There isn't anything to eat, but Paimon thinks it's pretty nice! What do you think, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} I like it.
:{{DIcon}} Can't say I have any particular feelings on the subject...
:{{DIcon}} I don't like it.
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' ...You're not very fond of talking, quite unlike Nara Varuna. {{MC|m=She|f=He}} kept talking about {{MC|m=her brother|f=his sister}}. {{MC|m=She|f=He}} was a terrible example for [[Arapacati]] and the others.
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' If I have time, and with your help, I can definitely do better. But based on the current circumstances, I'm afraid time is of the essence for you and the Nara friend you want to help.
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' My only regret is meeting you in an age like this one.
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' Or I should say that, had we met in another age, I could have introduced Nara Varuna to you. How wonderful that might have been.
:'''Arama:''' But I wouldn't have been able to meet Nara (Traveler) and Paimon if they came from a different age!
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' Indeed. So this is fine. It was a little short, but I'm still very happy to have had a conversation with you. Thank you.
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' Nara (Traveler), Paimon, go on ahead. I have something to give to Arama.
:'''Arama:''' ...I understand. Nara (Traveler), Paimon, please go on ahead! I'll be right behind you!
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, be quick, or we'll defeat Marana's Avatar on our own!

:'''Paimon:''' The path is open. Let's go!

;(Talk to Aramuhukunda and Arama again)
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' ...I'm glad that you understand. Arama, help your friends, and let the new Ashvattha Tree become the anchor of Aranara's dreams once more.
:'''Arama:''' I'll live up to your legacy. Aramuhukunda'a name has filled us with courage since many, many moons ago, and that will not change for many, many moons to come.
:'''Arama:''' We will defeat Marana's Avatar. With your memories, I hear everyone call out to you, and it fills me with more than just courage, with pride as well.
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' I believe in you. Like the clouds know they have to release rain, the rain knows that it must fall onto the ground. Meeting all of you made me realize... that the time has finally come. I'm very happy.
:'''Aramuhukunda:''' Now, I can finally return to Sarva and meet Nara Varuna again.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|There's only one more enemy to defeat. Keep pressing forward.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go deeper into the cave)
:'''Paimon:''' We're surrounded by desolation again...
;(Quest ends)

;(Interact with the mural in [[Sand-Embraced Home]] after completing [[Aranyaka]])
:'''Mural:''' (A mural of many Aranara with their fronts &mdash; or backs &mdash; facing something strange. There's a golden Aranara with them...)
:'''Mural:''' (No, there seems to be a change in the mural. There are two golden Aranara now.)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = For the Children of the Past
|zhs     = 为了过去的孩子们
|zhs_rm  = Wèile Guòqù de Háizimen
|zht     = 為了過去的孩子們
|zht_rm  = Wèile Guòqù de Háizimen
|zh_tl   = For the Children of the Past
|ja      = 過去の子供たちのために
|ja_rm   = Kako no Kodomo-tachi no Tame ni
|ja_tl   = For the Children of the Past
|ko      = 과거의 아이들을 위하여
|ko_rm   = Gwageo-ui Aideureul Wihayeo
|ko_tl   = For the Children of the Past
|es      = Por los niños del pasado
|es_tl   = For the Children of the Past
|fr      = Pour les enfants du passé !
|fr_tl   = For the Children of the Past!
|ru      = Во имя детей прошлого
|ru_tl   = In the Name of the Children of the Past
|th      = เพื่อพวกเด็ก ๆ ในอดีต
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vì Những Đứa Trẻ Trong Quá Khứ
|vi_tl   = For the Children of the Past
|de      = Für die Kinder der Vergangengeit
|de_tl   = For the Children of the Past
|id      = Demi Anak-Anak di Masa Lalu
|id_tl   = For the Children of the Past
|pt      = Pelas Crianças do Passado.
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Geçmişin Çocukları İçin
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Per i figli del passato
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Por los niños del pasado]]