{{Achievement Infobox
|id           = 81224
|order id     = 1210
|category     = Wonders of the World
|description  = Offer help to many [[Aranara]] in the forest.
|requirements = Help all 64 unnamed [[Aranara]] and open all of [[Araminali]]'s chests.
|primogems    = 5
|tracking     = 
|topic        = 
|hidden       = 1
|type         = Exploration
}}
'''''For Meritorious Service''''' is an [[Achievement]] in the category ''[[Wonders of the World]]''. To complete this achievement, the player needs to help all 64 of the unnamed [[Aranara]] scattered around Sumeru, then talk to [[Araminali]] and finally open all of its [[Chests]].

==Gameplay Notes==
* There are several requirements in order to get this achievement:
** The ''[[Aranyaka]]'' World Quest Series must be started to talk to the Aranara, otherwise they will flee on sight of the player.
** The [[Vintage Lyre#Usage|Aranara's Songs]] "Rhythm of the Great Dream," "Rhythm of the Gloomy Path," and "Rhythm of the Beastly Trail" must be unlocked from their respective World Quests.
** The [[Aranyaka (Gadget)#Mysterious Clipboard|Mysterious Clipboard]] must be completed up to number 9 to unlock the final area where Araminali is located. This requires completing the {{Quest|Static Views, Part 2}}.
* The types of Aranaras that need to be interacted with are as follows:
** '''[[Material-Collecting Aranara]]:''' Give the Aranara the materials it asks for.
** '''[[Reckless Aranara]]:''' Defeat the enemies surrounding the Aranara.
** '''[[Confused Aranara]]:''' Apply {{Dendro}} to the Aranara.
** '''[[Music-Loving Aranara]]:''' Play the [[Vintage Lyre]] next to the Aranara.
** '''[[Mischievous Aranara]]:''' Reveal the Aranara by using a [[Seed Mirror]] activated by {{Electro}}.
* The 64 Aranara are only found in the [[Dharma Forest]] area of Sumeru.
* The 12 named Aranara scattered around Sumeru who offer to play minigames are '''not''' required for this achievement. They instead award the achievement ''[[Please Play Safely]]''.
* Araminali has 15 chests total to be opened; 8 Common Chests, 3 Exquisite Chests, 3 Precious Chests, and 1 Luxurious Chest.
* All Aranara helped for this achievement, apart from the 8 Mischievous Aranara, can be found throughout the dream version of Vanarana after they are helped.

==Trivia==
* Araminali's collection of chests is mentioned in the quest, ''[[The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail]]''.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1 = https://youtu.be/MYtiyB70RKA
|caption1 = All 76 Aranara and achievement guide
|video2 = https://youtu.be/tVyvtduJkFA
|caption2 = Hidden Achievement: For Meritorious Service
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = For Meritorious Service
|zhs     = 美德的报酬
|zhs_rm  = Měidé de Bàochóu
|zht     = 美德的報酬
|zht_rm  = Měidé de Bàochóu
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 美徳の報酬
|ja_rm   = Bitoku no Houshuu
|ja_tl   = Virtue's Reward
|ko      = 미덕의 보답
|ko_rm   = Mideok-ui Bodap
|ko_tl   = Reward of Virtue
|es      = El pago de la bondad
|es_tl   = The Payment of Kindness
|fr      = Pour un service tip top
|fr_tl   = For a Tiptop Service
|ru      = Прекрасная награда
|ru_tl   = Great Reward
|th      = ผลตอบแทนแห่งคุณธรรม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thù Lao Của Đức Hạnh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Lohn der Tugend
|de_tl   = Reward of Virtue
|id      = Imbalan Atas Jasa
|id_tl   = Rewards for Services
|pt      = O Pagamento da Bondade
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Saygın Hizmet
|tr_tl   = Reputable Service
|it      = Servizio lodevole
|it_tl   = Commendable Service
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->
==Navigation==
{{Achievement Navbox}}

[[es:El pago de la bondad]]
[[ja:美徳の報酬]]
[[pt-br:O Pagamento da Bondade]]