{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73031
|image         = World Quest For A Better Reunion.jpg
|type          = World
|chapter       = Aranyaka
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = II
|act           = Dream Nursery
|part          = 3
|characters    = Arana; Arama; Paimon; Rana; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Ardravi Valley]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|prev          = Children of the Forest
|next          = Festival Utsava
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Primogem*20;Mora*20,000
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''For A Better Reunion''''' is the third quest in the {{Quest|Dream Nursery}}.

==Steps==
# Return to where [[Rana]] is
# Interact with Rana
# Talk to [[Arama]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After all the adventures with the Aranara in the forest, we are getting closer to Bija... Right? Anyway, let's check on Rana first.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Completing the Children of the Forest required quests)
:'''Paimon:''' We've been at this for a while. Paimon wonders how Rana's doing?
:'''Paimon:''' Safe and sound, hopefully. We should go check on her.

;(Talk to Arama or [[Araja]] in Araja's House, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' Araja, Arama, we're back!
:'''Arama:''' So happy to see Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon again!
:'''Araja:''' Oh, you're back! Everyone was talking about how a very tall, very powerful Nara named {{Traveler}} helped them out a lot. They were all very happy.
:'''Paimon:''' It's always nice to have someone help you out, right, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} That's right!
:{{DIcon}} Oh.
:'''Araja:''' No, they're happy because they made new friends. Even if [[Aranakin]], [[Aranaga]], and [[Aragaru]] can't remember anymore, the forest will. The story will always live on.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh...
:'''Arama:''' Festival Utsava is almost ready to go. Can't wait!
:{{DIcon}} I wonder how Rana's doing...?
:{{DIcon}} I can't wait either.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Paimon wonders how it compares to the other festivals. Anyway, Paimon's so excited to spend this time with our friends!
::'''Paimon:''' ...
::'''Paimon:''' If only Rana were here...
:'''Paimon:''' You know, we should go check on Rana, {{Traveler}}. Maybe she's better now! If so, we can bring her here!
:{{DIcon}} You're right.
:{{DIcon}} Let's hope so.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not getting my hopes up...
::'''Paimon:''' ...
:'''Arama:''' I'll go see [[Arana]] too, in a while. You guys go ahead!
:'''Arama:''' See you later, Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon!

;(Talk to Arama again, optional)
:'''Arama:''' Arama will go see Arana in a while, too. You guys go ahead! See you later, Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon!

;(Talk to Araja again, optional)
:'''Araja:''' Festival Utsava which was once told of in my story... Will I be able to experience it again myself?

;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Arana is not here.

;(Talk to Rana)
:'''Paimon:''' Rana seems...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wants to say she's having a sweet dream, but that doesn't sound right...
:'''Rana:''' (A blurry image appears in the "bubble" that envelopes Rana.)
:{{DIcon}} (You are enthralled by the image.)
:{{Black Screen|You are in a forest, where everything looks massive and serene. You feel very comfortable here.<br>Rays of sunshine peek through the sparkling gold leaves, with grass as tall as you swaying quietly all around, gently caressing your hand as you walk by.}}
:{{Black Screen|You hear the sound of distressed crying amid the musical melody of the wind blowing through the trees and flowing water. Following the sound, you find a small girl.<br>She looks like she has worn herself out from crying and fallen asleep in the meadow. You walk up to her and softly sing a song that can calm all beings...}}
:'''Paimon:''' ...Hey! What's going on, {{Traveler}}?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's glad you're okay... Paimon was so worried... You looked like you were going to pass out...
:'''Arana:''' Nara {{Traveler}}! You're all here!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, you freaked Paimon out!
:'''Arana:''' Whoa!
:{{DIcon}} Whoa!
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure I've seen this scene before...
:'''Paimon:''' Geez, you Aranara! Why are you always spooking people like that!
:'''Arana:''' You said "Whoa" first, White Floaty!
:'''Paimon:''' It's Paimon, not White Floaty!
:'''Arana:''' Arana was in the ground to preserve Ararakalari powers. This way, Narana won't wither. But Bija, still needed, for her to be strong again.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, Paimon got it. By the way, what just happened to {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} (Explain the vision you saw.)
:'''Arana:''' That should be Arana's memory.
:'''Paimon:''' Memory?
:'''Arana:''' Oh, let Arana explain. Memories and dreams are Aranara's power, their most precious things. With memories and dreams, Aranara can use Ararakalari to help Nara and Aranara in need of help.
:'''Arana:''' Some Nara can sense the memories in Ararakalari. Nara {{Traveler}} is one of them.
:'''Paimon:''' Sounds like Ararakalari is something very important! It was you who used Ararakalari to protect Iotham in that cave, right?
:'''Arana:''' Yes, it was Arana. Nara Iotham, Nara Kavus, and Nara Sudabeh are all friends, so Arana protected them.
:'''Arana:''' We hang out in the forest a lot, so Arana taught them things about the forests and language of the plants. They're very good friends, just like Narana.
:{{DIcon}} About the missing kids...
:'''Paimon:''' Right! Before Iotham, Kavus and Sudabeh went missing too, but they were brought back to the village later. Was that also you?
:'''Arana:''' Yes. Arana noticed some bad Nara and Nara Valuka taking them, so Arana helped Nara Kavus and Nara Sudabeh run back when the bad Nara weren't looking.
:{{DIcon}} I see...
::'''Paimon:''' But why couldn't they remember anything?
:{{DIcon}} About the kids' lost memories...
:'''Arana:''' Arana made little Nara sleep and dream, then removed the bad stuff in their dreams. So when they grow, just like saplings growing into big trees, they won't become bad.
:'''Arana:''' Otherwise, little Nara would be afraid. If always afraid, they would believe in the power of "fear," and grow up to be scary bad Nara.
:'''Arana:''' They're Arana's friends, so Arana didn't want them to become bad Nara.
:{{DIcon}} That makes sense.
::'''Paimon:''' They'll grow up to be somebody great! Speaking of which, do you have any clue on the bad Nara trying to take them away?
:{{DIcon}} Let's hope so.
::'''Paimon:''' They'll grow up to be somebody great! Speaking of which, do you have any clue on the bad Nara trying to take them away?
:{{DIcon}} About the bad Nara...
:'''Arana:''' Arana would never forgive them. The bad Nara aren't children of the forest. They bring a group of bad Nara Valuka with them.
:'''Arana:''' There is a strange Nara in Vimara Village. He's not a child of the forest, but a child of snow. He looks like a good Nara.
:'''Arana:''' He often hangs around the little Nara and they talk about him too. That's why Arana thinks he's good. But Arana has also seen him talking to the bad Nara about Aranara.
:'''Paimon:''' In Vimara Village...
:{{DIcon}} Is he with the Fatui?
:{{DIcon}} Someone's out to get the kids?
:'''Paimon:''' How could this be?
:'''Paimon:''' Ah... Paimon doesn't even wanna think about it. People in Vimara Village should treat each other like family... Not to mention that it was that person who caused Rana to become like this...
:{{DIcon}} We must go get the bad guy.
:{{DIcon}} We'll get that person.
:'''Paimon:''' Right. We'll get that person no matter what.
:'''Arana:''' Promise me, Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' ?
:'''Arana:''' Promise that you'll punish that bad Nara, so Nara Iotham, Nara Kavus, and Nara Sudabeh will not be afraid. So that they will grow up like tree sprouts into big, healthy Nara.
:{{DIcon}} Alright.
:{{DIcon}} I'll do my best.
:'''Arana:''' Narana is all grown up now, so she can't see Arana anymore. But that's okay. Arana is happy knowing she's fine.
:'''Arana:''' I haven't played with Narana for a long time. Many suns have risen and set, and many moons have appeared in the sky. Many fruits grew, then returned to the land.
:'''Arana:''' Narana grew taller and taller. She was first about Arana's height, and then the size of a small tree. That was when she stopped playing with Arana.
:'''Arana:''' Arana told her many stories about the forest. Starshrooms are the reflection of stars from the sky. Seeing the Nilotpala Lotus bloom means you'll be lucky until the next moonrise.
:'''Arana:''' Arana will teach Nara Iotham and his friends the same. Arana hopes they will grow up fine like Narana. Oh, but they should not ever run into Marana like Rana did!
:'''Paimon:''' Will they forget the encounters when they grow up, just like Rana?
:'''Arana:''' Nara Iotham, Nara Kavus, and Nara Sudabeh will also grow up. It's okay if they forget, because in the end, the forest will remember. Nothing will be lost.
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:'''Arana:''' The forest will remember. No good thing ever fades away. All pains will become the nourishment of something beautiful...
:'''Arama:''' Arana! Nara {{Traveler}}! Paimon!
:'''Arana:''' Arama! Arana hasn't seen you for quite a while!
:{{DIcon}} Where's the "Whoa," Paimon?
::'''Paimon:''' Come on, Paimon doesn't freak out that easy!
::'''Paimon:''' Are you coming to get us to celebrate Festival Utsava at Vanarana?
:{{DIcon}} Are we going back for Festival Utsava?
:'''Arama:''' Yes! It's ready now, and everyone's waiting for Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
:'''Paimon:''' Hooray! Festival Utsava! Arana, aren't you coming with us?
:'''Arana:''' Arana will not go. If Arana is away for too long, Ararakalari won't hold up and Narana will be in danger. So, no festival for Arana.
:'''Paimon:''' Ohh...
:'''Arana:''' It's okay, as long as Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon are happy, so will Arana, Arama, and everyone at Vanarana.
:'''Arama:''' Yeah. The Bija needs you, Arana.
:'''Arana:''' Arana will be ready by then.
:'''Arana:''' Oh, this is for you, Nara {{Traveler}}.
:'''Paimon:''' A flower...?
:'''Arana:''' Yes. Please take good care of her.
:{{DIcon}} I will keep it safe.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
:'''Arana:''' Thank you, Nara {{Traveler}}.
:'''Arama:''' Let's get back then, Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Arama:''' See you later, Arana!
::'''Arana:''' See you later!
::{{Black Screen|You return to Vanarana with Arama...}}
:{{DIcon}} I still have some things I have to do...
::'''Arama:''' Sure! Let me know when you're ready!
;(Obtain {{Item|Arana's Flower}})
:'''Paimon:''' Arama mentioned Arana is getting ready for something, but what can it be?<!--visible if "I still have some things I have to do" is selected-->
:'''Arama:''' Arana had to get ready because her power is required for the Bija to come to fruition!

;(Talk to Arama again, if "I still have some things I have to do..." was selected)
:'''Arama:''' Let's get back to Vanarana!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Arama:''' See you later, Arana!
::'''Arana:''' See you later!
::{{Black Screen|You return to Vanarana with Arama...}}
:{{DIcon}} I still have some things I have to do...
::'''Arama:''' Sure! Let me know when you're ready!

;(Interact with Rana again)
:'''Rana:''' (Rana is still sleeping. She should be fine since Arana's Ararakalari is here.)

;(Talk to Arana again)
:'''Arana:''' Enjoy Festival Utsava, Nara {{Traveler}} and Paimon! Everyone will be even more delighted if they see you having fun!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = For A Better Reunion
|zhs     = 为了更好的再会
|zhs_rm  = Wèile Gènghǎo de Zàihuì
|zht     = 為了更好的再會
|zht_rm  = Wèile Gènghǎo de Zàihuì
|zh_tl   = For A Better Reunion
|ja      = より良い再会のため
|ja_rm   = Yori Ii Saikai no Tame{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = For A Better Reunion
|ko      = 더 나은 재회를 위해
|ko_rm   = Deo Naeun Jaehoereul Wihae
|ko_tl   = For A Better Reunion
|es      = Por un reencuentro mejor
|es_tl   = For A Better Reunion
|fr      = Pour de meilleures retrouvailles !
|fr_tl   = For A Better Reunion!
|ru      = Ради лучшего воссоединения
|ru_tl   = For A Better Reunion
|th      = เพื่อการพบเจอครั้งใหม่ที่ดีกว่าเดิม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vì Cuộc Gặp Lại Tốt Đẹp Hơn
|vi_tl   = For A Better Reunion
|de      = Für ein besseres Wiedersehen
|de_tl   = For A Better Reunion
|id      = Demi Pertemuan yang Lebih Baik
|id_tl   = For A Better Reunion
|pt      = Por um Reencontro Melhor
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Daha İyi Bir Kavuşma İçin
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Per una migliore riunione
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Por un reencuentro mejor]]
[[pt-br:Por um Reencontro Melhor]]