{{Location Infobox
|image        = Forbidden Zone.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|type2        = Instance
|region       = Fontaine
|quest        = Secret Keepers and Forbidden Zones
|area         = Liffey Region
|subarea      = Fortress of Meropide
}}
{{Location Intro|The '''Forbidden Zone'''|description=It is a secretive area of the Fortress of Meropide. It is built over [[Primordial Water]] and has a sluice gate designed to prevent the Primordial Water from flooding Fontaine. There is also a large ship in this area that [[Wriothesley]] has been secretly building.}}

==Lore==
A year prior to the Traveler's arrival to Fontaine, [[Wriothesley]] noticed that the dashboards in the "forbidden zone" were increasing, though he was not certain as to the cause.<ref name='skfz' />

Some time after the events of ''[[As Light Rain Falls Without Reason]]'', [[Arlecchino]] sent [[Lyney]], [[Lynette]], and [[Freminet]] to the prison to gather information and investigate Childe's disappearance. During the investigation, Lyney revealed that most prisoners would clam up when asked about the forbidden zone. But by talking with the guards, he was able to confirm the existence of it.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Fortress of Meropide (Quest)}}</ref>

After the Traveler and Paimon answer some of Wriothesley's riddles about the hidden rules of Meropide, Wriothesley consents to showing them the forbidden zone. In [[The Duke's Office]], he opens a secret stairway leading down to the forbidden zone. There they can see his reconstruction project of the Golden [[Fortuna]].<ref name='skfz'>{{Ref/Quest|Secret Keepers and Forbidden Zones}}</ref>

Moreover, there are three large isolation doors leading to a room with a sluice gate. The sluice gate was designed to prevent the flooding of primordial water. Ever since Wriothesley became administrator of Meropide, he had been wondering what was beyond the sluice gate. He has also been monitoring the readings on the dashboards.<ref name='skfz' />

Freminet attempted to track Childe's route back out to a sewer opening but discovered that the ocean water at the place was diluted with Primordial Water, allowing Wriothesley to deduce that the readings were actually monitoring the levels of Primordial Water and that the prison was built with [[Egeria]]'s help to stop it from flooding Fontaine.<ref name='skfz' /> 

The Primordial Water had begun mixing with the seawaters around them. Moreover, the "secret" of the forbidden zone is that when many prisoners were exiled to the seaside, they began building the fortress under Egeria's guidance to guard her secret deep beneath the waves. The fortress then became a home for the sinners and more people joined the community. Centuries later, few people remembered the reason why Meropide was founded. Wriothesley learned this from an elderly research historian. As the [[prophecy]] says, if the vault gate fails, then Fontaine will be drowned in water, and all will be dissolved into the sea.<ref name='skfz' /> 

Soon after, the water encased behind burst down the sluice gate, but [[Neuvillette]] was ultimately able to push back the water and reseal it in the vault for the time being.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Calamitous Tread}}</ref>

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=location}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Forbidden Zone<!--capitalized-->
|zhs     = 禁区
|zhs_rm  = Jìnqū
|zht     = 禁區
|zht_rm  = Jìnqū
|ja      = 禁域
|ja_rm   = Kin'iki
|ko      = 금지 구역
|es      = Área Prohibida<!--capitalized-->
|fr      = Zone interdite
|ru      = Запретная зона
|th      = เขตหวงห้าม
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Khu Vực Cấm
|de      = Verbotene Zone
|id      = Zona Terlarang
|pt      = Zona Proibida<!--capitalized-->
|tr      = Yasak Bölge<!--capitalized-->
|it      = Area proibita
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Fontaine}}