{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Archon Quest C0A1 Forest Rendezvous.png
|id            = 00355
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Outlander Who Caught the Wind
|part          = 3
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|prev          = Unexpected Power
|next          = Wind-Riding Knight
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*250;Mora*1,100;Character EXP*575;Crimson Crystal*1
|characters    = Dvalin;Paimon;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|1|part=3}}

==Steps==
# Go to Mondstadt
# Advance to the heart of the forest
# Talk to [[Paimon]]
# Investigate what Paimon has found
# Talk to Paimon

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Unexpectedly, the power of [[Anemo]] within the {{sic|[[Statue of The Seven|Statue of the Seven]]}} resonated with you. You decided to begin your investigation with the [[Anemo Archon]] of Teyvat's [[Seven Archons]]. As such, the first order of the day is to reach the land under the Anemo Archon's protection: Mondstadt.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(When a dragon flies above)
:{{A|vo mdaq012 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! What is that!?
:{{A|vo mdaq012 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's something huge, in the sky!
:{{A|vo mdaq012 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's headed towards the heart of the forest. We must proceed with caution.
;(A cinematic plays)
::{{Cutscene Description|In the heart of the forest, you encounter a mysterious person talking to a dragon. But the interruption sends them both fleeing in haste.}}
::{{A|vo mdaq013 1 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Look at that!
:;(The Traveler sees [[Venti|a boy]] talking to [[Dvalin|a dragon]])
::{{A|vo mdaq013 1 cs venti 01.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Don't be afraid.
::{{A|vo mdaq013 1 cs venti 02.ogg}} '''???:''' ...It's alright now, I'm back.
::{{A|vo mdaq013 1 cs paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is he talking... to a dragon?
::{{A|vo mdaq013 1 cs paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh?
::{{A|vo mdaq013 1 cs venti 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Who's there!?
:;(The dragon senses the Traveler's presence and roars at the boy. The boy vanishes by using his Anemo powers and the dragon flies away.)
:;(Cinematic ends)
----
:{{A|vo mdaq014 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That was close! Paimon almost got blown away!
:{{A|vo mdaq014 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Luckily Paimon managed to grab hold of your hair! Thanks.
:{{DIcon}} Good thing you didn't pull my hair out.
:{{DIcon}} Good thing the dragon didn't notice us.
:{{A|vo mdaq014 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just what was that? Paimon thought we were gonna get eaten.
:{{A|vo mdaq014 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It definitely has something to do with that weirdo who was talking to the dragon...
:{{DIcon}} I can't believe dragons exist in this world...
::{{A|vo mdaq014 2 paimon 05a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon gets why you're worried...
:{{DIcon}} Is talking to dragons normal?
::{{A|vo mdaq014 2 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course not!
:{{A|vo mdaq014 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? What's that?
:{{A|vo mdaq014 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's some kind of shiny red thingy on the big rock over there...
:{{A|vo mdaq014 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go take a closer look.
:{{A|vo mdaq014 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Be careful! Paimon doesn't have a good feeling about this...
:;(When the player interacts with the [[Crimson Crystal]])
:{{A|vo mdaq014 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's never seen a stone like this before, so Paimon can't tell what it is.
:{{A|vo mdaq014 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All Paimon knows is that it's dangerous. Best we put it away for now.
:{{A|vo mdaq014 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, we've got it! Now let's get out of here.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Crimson Crystal}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Forest Rendezvous
|zhs     = 林间相会
|zhs_rm  = Línjiàn Xiānghuì
|zht     = 林間相會
|zht_rm  = Línjiàn Xiānghuì
|zh_tl   = Meeting in the Forest
|ja      = 林間の出会い
|ja_rm   = Rinkan no Deai{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Encounter in the Forest
|ko      = 숲속에서의 만남
|ko_rm   = Supsog-eseo-ui Mannam
|ko_tl   = Meeting in the Forest
|es      = Encuentro en el bosque
|es_tl   = Meeting in the Forest
|fr      = Rencontre sylvestre
|fr_tl   = Sylvan Encounter
|ru      = Встреча в лесу
|ru_tl   = Meeting in the Forest
|th      = พบกันในป่า
|th_rm   = Phop kan nai pa
|th_tl   = Meeting in the Forest
|vi      = Cuộc Gặp Gỡ Trong Rừng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Treffen im Wald
|de_tl   = Meeting in the Forest
|id      = Pertemuan di Hutan
|id_tl   = Meeting in the Forest
|pt      = Encontro na Floresta
|pt_tl   = Encounter in the Forest
|tr      = Ormandaki Randevu
|tr_tl   = Rendezvous in the Forest
|it      = Incontri silvestri
|it_tl   = Woodland Encounters
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[es:Encuentro en el bosque]]
[[fr:Rencontre sylvestre]]
[[id:Pertemuan di Hutan]]
[[ja:林間の出会い]]
[[pl:Spotkanie w lesie]]
[[pt-br:Encontro na Floresta]]
[[ru:Встреча в лесу (задание Архонтов)]]
[[th:พบกันในป่า]]
[[vi:Cuộc Gặp Gỡ Trong Rừng]]
[[uk:Зустріч у лісі]]