{{About|the quest|the location|Fortress of Meropide}}
{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Fortress of Meropide
|id            = 04012
|image         = Archon Quest Fortress of Meropide.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = IV
|act           = To the Stars Shining in the Depths
|actNum        = III
|part          = 2
|characters    = Deakin; Fielding; Fitzroy; Grainville; Lynette; Lyney; Paimon; Sigewinne; Traveler; Vidoc; Wolsey; Wriothesley; Tartaglia <!-- visions -->
|startLocation = [[Liffey Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Liffey Region
|subarea       = 
|prev          = A Tea Party Most Thorny
|next          = The Proscribed, Hidden in Plain Sight
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*875;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Fortress of Meropide|chapter=4|act=3|part=2}}

==Steps==
# Ride the lift
# Go to the corners of the corridors
# Talk to [[Wriothesley]] at the Coupon Cafeteria
# Talk to Wriothesley at the Pankration Ring
# Talk to Wriothesley at the dormitories
# Go to the infirmary and talk to Wriothesley
# Go to the [[Coupon Cafeteria]] to get some food
# Return to the dormitories and talk to [[Fielding]]
# Go to the production zone to talk to [[Grainville]]
# {{sic|Process widget}}
# Take the widget
# Give the products to Grainville
# Keep looking for [[Lyney]] in the area
# Keep looking for Lyney
# Go to the Coupon Cafeteria to get some food
# Return to the dormitories to rest

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|At Neuvillette's behest, you are sent to Fortress of Meropide on trumped-up charges to secretly investigate. Your life behind bars is about to begin...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Continue from previous quest)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... are you one of the guards here? Is there anything we should be careful of while we're here?
:'''Deakin:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... did Paimon already ask something she wasn't supposed to?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 01.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' Why should I tell you anything? What's in it for me?
:{{DIcon}} You sure don't seem like a guard.
:{{DIcon}} Why were you sent to bring us in?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 02.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' *sigh* This is exactly why I can't stand new fish. I wouldn't even be doing this if it weren't for the [[Credit Coupons]].
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Credit Coupons?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 03.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' Alright, seeing as you're not the annoying kind that's getting dragged in here crying and blubbering, I guess I can tell you a few things... But next time, it'll cost you some coupons.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 04.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' Mora means nothing here. Here, we use Credit Coupons.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 05.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' Coupons can get you almost anything in the Fortress of Meropide. Desires? Fulfilled. You want power? No problem. Coupons can even change fate itself.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Credit Coupons are a currency that can only be used here?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 06.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' It's not as simple as that. Like Marette said, everyone gets a chance at "rebirth."
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 07.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' No matter how much money or power you had before, it means nothing once you set foot inside the Fortress of Meropide. You have to start over and earn your coupons.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 08.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' Everyone starts from the same place, and you have a chance at a new, less terrible life...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 09.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' I guess that's the real purpose of the coupons. They symbolize true fairness and true justice!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 10.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' And this is also exactly why so many criminals choose not to return to the outside world even after they've served their sentence.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so that's what the Fortress of Meropide is like... Paimon was under the impression that it'd be more like a prison...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 11.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' It certainly ain't all sunshine and roses here, but it's also not the worst place to be... You'd better take a good look at the scenery now, it'll be the last chance you get for a while.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 12.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' After being away from the sunlight for so long, even the terrifying depths of the sea start to feel like home... it just stops feeling oppressive, you know?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 13.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' Oh, I'm actually an inmate like you two. Welcoming newcomers is a job I've picked up to earn some extra coupons.
:{{DIcon}} Have you ever seen the Duke?
:{{DIcon}} Have you seen a Harbinger from Snezhnaya?
:'''Deakin:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? Why aren't you answering us again?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 14.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' I've told you enough for free. Any more info is gonna cost ya.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So all you care about is Mora... Wait, no, coupons!?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 15.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' Almost there, it's down through here. Your turn to give it a try.

;(While riding the lift)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So we're going even deeper now? Just how deep down are we?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 deakin 16.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' It's like a metaphor for your previous life, isn't it?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... our lives weren't that bad!
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this is the actual entrance to the Fortress of Meropide.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks like there are other new arrivals, too. They sure don't look happy... Maybe we look too relaxed for fresh convicts?
:{{DIcon}} Hurry up and think about something sad.
:{{DIcon}} You're probably the only one who doesn't fit in.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right... we're on someone else's territory now. We need to think of a good way to act like criminals to get by...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we're discovered, even Neuvillette might not be able to rescue us...
:{{DIcon}} If we ever get found out...
:{{DIcon}} Then maybe we'd become criminals for real.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' H&mdash;Hey, don't scare Paimon! Oooh, Paimon's not ready for all this...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 deakin 01.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' Uh, look, I don't really know you, and I have no idea what kind of crime you committed, but... You wouldn't have happened to anger someone important, did you?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Someone important? Paimon... doesn't think so? Wait, why are you suddenly trying to talk to us now?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 deakin 02.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' Now's not the time to worry about that. Anyway, it's over there, so... you just go on over by yourselves. I've done my job, so... good luck!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What was that all about? Eh? Wait a second, are there usually so many Gardemeks around here?
:{{DIcon}} Apparently not...
:{{DIcon}} Does this mean that...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;They're already on to us!?
:{{DIcon}} Get ready to fight.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Prisoners number 7459 and 7560, welcome. No need to be anxious, these Gardemeks aren't here to attack you. In fact, they're here as your "honor guard."
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''???:''' When I heard that you were friends of Monsieur Neuvillette, I had the Gardemeks come and wait in formation.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you know about our connection with Neuvillette?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''???:''' The seafloor isn't as cut off from the world as you might imagine. However, I'm afraid that I know nothing more than that you are friends of the Iudex.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''???:''' And as you can see, committing a crime means being sentenced here, even if you're friends with the Chief Justice. Quite fair.
:{{DIcon}} So, you must be...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 deakin 03.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' Th&mdash;The Duke! Greetings, Your Grace! L&mdash;Lovely weather today, isn't it?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Greetings, my good fellow. I'm willing to imagine that the weather is as good outside the sea as you say it is. Ah, how great it would have been if only the Fortress of Meropide had been built on the coast. It would have been so convenient to enjoy a nice chat in the sunshine.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 deakin 04.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' Ah! My profuse apologies, I just got so nervous when I saw you, I just...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this is the Duke... He sure looks a lot younger than Paimon imagined!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' {{Traveler}} and Paimon, correct? Mr. Deakin here was responsible for your welcome. I trust you were been satisfied with his guidance?
:{{DIcon}} It was okay. His attitude could use some work, though.
::{{A|vo fdaq102 3 wriothesley 07a 1.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I see. In that case, I regret to announce that Deakin here has just missed the best opportunity in his prison career to be promoted.
::{{A|vo fdaq102 3 deakin 05a 1.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' I... uh, I admit that I was only thinking about the coupons... I'm sorry to have disappointed you, Your Grace. I originally... I once hoped for a chance to do some higher-level work.
::{{A|vo fdaq102 3 deakin 05a 2.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' *sigh* I had no idea you two were big shots who were worthy of speaking with His Grace... Losing out on such a big opportunity because I couldn't see past my own nose...
::{{A|vo fdaq102 3 wriothesley 07a 2.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Plenty of time ahead, Deakin. There will be more opportunities.
:{{DIcon}} He's taken great care of us. Splendid chap, really.
::{{A|vo fdaq102 3 wriothesley 07b 1.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Outstanding. Well, Deakin, I recall we discussed fate during our last work meeting. I believe that fate will reward all those who take every aspect of their work and life seriously.
::{{A|vo fdaq102 3 wriothesley 07b 2.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' When you return to your bunk, you'll find the guards have issued some extra Credit Coupons to you.
::{{A|vo fdaq102 3 deakin 05b 1.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' Oh, thank you... Thank you, Your Grace! Oh, and you two! I can't believe you gave me such praise. If you need anything in the future, anything, please come find me anytime! No Credit Coupons necessary!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Well, I believe that concludes the introductions. We've already taken enough time here. Deakin, if you would.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 deakin 06.ogg}} '''Deakin:''' Yes! Your Grace, I'll take my leave now!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Please, follow me. To make you feel more welcome, I'll show you around the various facilities of the Fortress of Meropide. I hope it will help you adjust to life here.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's going to personally give us a tour? Paimon can't figure out what this guy's thinking at all...
:{{DIcon}} Let's just roll with it for now.
:{{DIcon}} But I hope he doesn't know too much already.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No wonder [[Charlotte]]'s so interested in him! He's one of those mysterious types. Alright, let's keep up with him.
----
;(Approach the Coupon Cafeteria)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' There's no need to be so reserved. The label of criminal is nothing but one of many identities, and being criminally inclined here at the Fortress is just one of many ways to survive.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it really okay for the warden to think like that? We're real criminals, you know! What if we're too difficult to handle?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Well then, maybe you'll be able to carve out a name and a place for yourselves in this underwater world, hm?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' But before you go in swinging, please remember that in the Fortress of Meropide, it's best to not cause trouble for yourself... or for the guards.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Now, we've arrived at a very important place: the Coupon Cafeteria. You can come here and claim one welfare meal each day.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Welfare meal? You mean... it doesn't cost anything?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' That's right. Criminals are essential to fortress operations, so we must guarantee that they at least have the basic means to survive.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wolsey 01.ogg}} '''Wolsey:''' Haha, but that's not how it was! Back in the day, it'd cost you Reward Coupons just to get a cup of water here.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wolsey 02.ogg}} '''Wolsey:''' For fish like you who'd just arrived with nothing, you'd have to go to work hungry until you earned enough coupons to eat.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wolsey 03.ogg}} '''Wolsey:''' It was only after His Grace became the administrator that we got the free meal rule.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wolsey 04.ogg}} '''Wolsey:''' Now everyone gets a square meal every day, even no-good slackers who've never picked up a wrench in their whole lives. Nobody starves to death here.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' In the Fortress of Meropide, Credit Coupons are the only currency, and everything must be purchased. In some sense, you could say using the coupons is a form of trade.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' But trade is always conducted by people, so if we want trade here to prosper, we need everyone to work hard and live their lives.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' If nobody could even afford a meal, then the whole fortress would be up in arms. That would only make things more difficult for me.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' So rather than saying that we're giving everyone a free meal here, you should say that everyone's hard work has improved the living conditions in the Fortress of Meropide.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wolsey 05.ogg}} '''Wolsey:''' Your Grace's reasoning is correct, but what I said is also true.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wolsey 06.ogg}} '''Wolsey:''' Whatever the case, hard work is rewarded here. You'd be hard-pressed to find anywhere else as fair and reasonable.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, Paimon sees your point. By that logic, this place doesn't seem so bad after all.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, no! We shouldn't drop our guard so quickly... But it seems the inmates really respect the Duke because of his attitude, right? Hmm, we should still try to verify the truth with our own eyes.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 4 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Let's continue, this way.
----
;(Approach the Pankration Ring entrance)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 5 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' This place is known as the "Pankration Ring."
:{{A|vo fdaq102 5 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Sometimes we have criminals who have more energy than they know what to do with... their daily work alone isn't enough of an outlet for them.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 5 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' So, instead of leaving them to their own devices, we've provided them with this dedicated venue. This way, nobody will get involved unless they want to be.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pankration matches... And you can earn extra coupons! What do you think, {{Traveler}}? Interested?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 5 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' But I must warn you that your sentence will be extended if you fail to restrain yourself and end up seriously injuring or killing your opponent.
:{{DIcon}} In that case, I'll pass...
:{{DIcon}} Seems you know me too well.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, did you set this place up too?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 5 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' No, actually. I just granted approval for the organizer to use this area to build the ring, and I collect a portion of the proceeds in return.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 5 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Of course, the fees are also quite useful.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Do you mind if we ask what they're used for?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 5 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Sure. Ensuring personal safety, maintaining the arena, and resolving any conflicts that arise... Why? Are you interested in how to manage a Pankration Ring?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, no no! Paimon was just wondering if that's how you paid for everyone's welfare meals...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 5 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' A reasonable guess. I see you have a talent for entrepreneurship.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You hear that? Paimon has a talent! So, we can start a business here?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 5 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' That is something you can discuss between yourselves later. Let's move on for now.
----
;(Approach the dormitories)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 fitzroy 01.ogg}} '''Fitzroy:''' Ah, Y&mdash;Your Grace! Good morning... I mean, good afternoon!&nbsp;...No wait, what time is it again?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' What time indeed. Time waits for no one, so it's best to keep an eye on it.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 fitzroy 02.ogg}} '''Fitzroy:''' Ah, m&mdash;my apologies, Your Grace! *panting*
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Geez, that guy's so nervous he almost forgot to breathe...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 fitzroy 03.ogg}} '''Fitzroy:''' *deep breath* Sorry, forgive my manners...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' These are the dormitories, which is where inmates sleep. The guards will inform you where your bunk is later.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' In the Fortress of Meropide, criminals usually spend most of their time in either the production zone or the sleeping areas.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The production zone... what does it produce? Is that where we'll be working?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Not necessarily. Though working in the production zone is the most reliable way to earn Credit Coupons, if you have other skills, you can skip your shifts to earn them in other ways.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... Wait, you're the manager of this place and you're just telling us to our faces that it's okay to skip work!?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The fact that the Fortress of Meropide has continued operating completely autonomously is proof enough that most people are willing to work honestly and earn a stable income.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' As for what we produce... many of the clockwork machines seen all over Fontaine originate from our workshop.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Therefore, the Fortress of Meropide is not only a place where criminals serve their sentences, but also a giant machine factory.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' There's no need for me to get into specifics about the production process now. You'll experience it all firsthand when you report for work tomorrow.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, Your Grace!
:{{DIcon}} You got it, Boss!
::{{A|vo fdaq102 6 wriothesley 09b 1.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Let's move on. The tour continues over this way.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} !?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' !!!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' O&mdash;Oh...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oh! You really scared me there... I didn't expect to see you here, Your Grace. I thought maybe I was so tired from work that I was starting to see things.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 wriothesley 11.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The only thing you should be seeing is the work in front of you. Stay focused and keep up the pace.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 wriothesley 12.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Oh? Is something the matter?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehehe, it's nothing... Paimon's just worried about how hard we'll have to work tomorrow, hehe...
----
;(Approach the infirmary)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 7 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Your Grace? What are you doing in the infirmary at a time like this? Oh no, you didn't injure yourself, did you?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 7 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Not yet, unfortunately for you. But thank you for your concern, Sigewinne.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 7 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Hehe, then you must be here for those two.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 7 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Allow me to introduce you. This is the infirmary, and Sigewinne here is the Fortress of Meropide's head nurse.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 7 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Hello, new faces! They call me the head nurse, but I actually handle all the nurse-related work all by myself down here!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 7 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Since you seem to have some rare downtime with no patients, perhaps you could find the time to join us for dinner?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 7 sigewinne 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oooh, then these two must be some important convicts. Sure, I'll join the welcome party!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 7 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Thank you. Your presence will be the piece de resistance for today's tour.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so the tour part is over now?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 7 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I believe I've already covered the primary aspects of life here in the fortress. As for your work, there'll be someone else to guide you through the details. Hmm, is there anything else...?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 7 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I seldom conduct tours, so why don't you just ask if you have any questions?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, uh, well... This is our first time here, Paimon's not sure what to ask...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 7 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Then let's head back to the Coupon Cafeteria. Maybe a meal will help you think up some questions.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 7 sigewinne 05.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' You should at least try to be excited. Our free meals are actually pretty good here.
----
;(Approach the cafeteria)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' What do you think of the food? Does it meet your expectations?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, it looks delicious... Neuvillette made it sound like living conditions in the Fortress of Meropide weren't very good. Who woulda guessed that criminals get to eat tasty food like this every day!
:{{DIcon}} The main thing is that it's free.
:{{DIcon}} Mine's pretty good, too.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Isn't that the meal box that only super lucky people manage to draw? Seems like you two are quite fortunate.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' It actually has nothing to do with luck in this case. I had a word with Wolsey so you didn't have to draw lots like everyone else.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you mean the meals are random?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Yes, what you get to eat depends completely on your luck. You could say that it's a... distasteful little game that Chef Wolsey likes to play here in the cafeteria.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon knew it! If criminals got to eat tasty food like this every meal, the crime rate in Fontaine would skyrocket for sure!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 sigewinne 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Excuse me, did I hear you mention Neuvillette just now? I've been wondering how he's doing. Is he busy with work? Has he been taking care of his health?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He seems healthy no matter how you look at him, but he works so hard all the time, so it must be really tiring...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Sounds like he hasn't changed a bit. Looks like you can stop worrying so much, Sigewinne.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 sigewinne 05.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' That's good... but I still feel like it's been too long since I've heard any news about him.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' No news is good news.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Maybe the next time I've got something to discuss with him, I can invite you to accompany us.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? But isn't the Fortress of Meropide independent from Fontaine's court system? What do you two have to discuss?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Well, we provide all kinds of mechanical products for official use, and some essential goods have to be obtained from the overworld, so we naturally have to stay in touch about this and that.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Monsieur Neuvillette's character is unimpeachable. No matter the question, you can discuss it openly and freely with him. Talking with him feels quite effortless.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' In light of that, I am quite willing to go out of my way to show respect and accommodate him.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' In fact, right now I'm treating you two as guests invited by Monsieur Neuvillette, but unfortunately, I can only do so until the end of this meal.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' After this, you two will just be inmates here.
:{{DIcon}} Understood.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you for your hospitality.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 8 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You're very welcome. Well, your new life awaits.

;(Talk to Wriothesley again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq102 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Are you finished eating? Then I recommend that you return to the dormitories and rest. You have work to do tomorrow.
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq102 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Perhaps you were hoping to ask for some special privileges? Sorry, you'll have to use Credit Coupons like everyone else. It's not as comfy here as you might imagine.

;(Talk to Sigewinne again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq102 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Now that I've gotten a good look at you two, I think you're very cute.
:{{A|vo dialog fdaq102 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' After all, heavy is the head that wears the cutsie crown. I guess I just want to say, just take care of yourself and don't get hurt.
----
;(Approach Fielding at the dormitories)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 fielding 01.ogg}} '''Fielding:''' {{Traveler}} and Paimon, right? Listen up. As new inmates, the only thing you need to worry about is what to do and when to do it. Don't make any extra trouble for yourself.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 fielding 02.ogg}} '''Fielding:''' Your bunks are right over there. Follow me.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, so this is where we'll be sleeping from now on...? Paimon can't believe this! *sigh* The days of staying home and reading detective stories are like a dream now...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, {{Traveler}}, we saw a lot of things worth investigating just now...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even though the Duke didn't say it too directly, judging from what he said at the end, it seems that he was only welcoming because we know Neuvillette...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We are criminals, and Paimon did eat that cake... But we're actually here to help Neuvillette.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Is it possible that he knows we're here on a mission? Or is Paimon overthinking things?
:{{DIcon}} It's very possible...
:{{DIcon}} He probably knows more than he's letting on.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon thinks so, too. He probably knew why we came here from the very beginning and intentionally wanted to send us a message...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe something like, "Hey, I have my eyes on you, so don't try anything funny!"
:{{DIcon}} But there's nothing we can do about that.
:{{DIcon}} We're already here, after all.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're right. It's not like we can go back to Neuvillette empty-handed and say, "The Duke looked scary, so we gave up."
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... And besides, the Duke said that he was willing to go out of his way to show his respect for Neuvillette, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So we at least need to try! But Paimon hasn't got a clue where we should start our investigation...
:{{DIcon}} There was one other important thing...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean...
:{{DIcon}} Lyney's presence here.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! That's what Paimon was thinking, too! Paimon almost spilled the beans when we ran into him.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fortunately, based on his attitude, it looks like the Duke sees Lyney as just another inmate.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We worked so hard to help clear Lyney and Lynette's names, and yet we turn around and bam! He's in prison anyway?
:{{DIcon}} If I had to guess...
:{{DIcon}} I'd say he's here for the same reason we are.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! Lyney and Lynette are from the House of the Hearth! They work for The Knave, so they could be here to investigate, too!
:{{DIcon}} And look, there's something over there...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Oh, it's a card! Paimon didn't notice it earlier...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks like a magician's prop, Lyney must have left it here! He's in prison and still doing his little tricks, huh... Let Paimon have a look!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It was nice to bump into you again. Let's catch up in the production zone tomorrow.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What in the world? It's written like he's greeting a buddy on the street... Paimon thought he'd write something important.
:{{DIcon}} This proves that he's up to something here, too.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you say so... We can ask him what's going on tomorrow. Let's get some rest now.
:{{Black Screen|With a bit of trepidation, you and Paimon spend your first night in the Fortress of Meropide...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, you're finally awake.
:{{DIcon}} You're up early today, Paimon.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, it's Paimon's first day as a prisoner... Last night Paimon dreamed about getting interrogated by the guards until Paimon told them everything, and then Paimon woke up...
:{{DIcon}} You told them everything?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, c'mon! It's just a dream, okay? Paimon wouldn't really squeal... maybe...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 fielding 03.ogg}} '''Fielding:''' Hey, lazybones! What're you still doing here? If you don't want to starve, then get yourselves over to the production zone!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 9 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Sorry, we're going right away!
:{{Black Screen|You set off as soon as possible after asking Fielding about the location of the Production Zone.}}
----
;(Talk to Grainville)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 10 grainville 01.ogg}} '''Grainville:''' Ah, you must be the catch of the day. Looks like you've got some luck, getting assigned this space...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, we just arrived yesterday and...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 10 grainville 02.ogg}} '''Grainville:''' Don't interrupt me when I'm speaking!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yessir!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 10 grainville 03.ogg}} '''Grainville:''' Listen carefully to my instructions. I don't want any mishaps. Every machine here is worth more than the both of you!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 10 grainville 04.ogg}} '''Grainville:''' Working around these machines can be very dangerous. Do your job well, and you can eat in the cafeteria after your shift. Get sloppy, and you dine in the infirmary.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 10 grainville 05.ogg}} '''Grainville:''' Anyway, the Fortress of Meropide doesn't want to lose a single one of its machines, and it also doesn't want to waste the production potential of any inmate. You got that?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got it!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 10 grainville 06.ogg}} '''Grainville:''' Your job is to use the machine over there to process widgets.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 10 grainville 07.ogg}} '''Grainville:''' Watch carefully and make sure you step on the pedal at the right time. If the machine gets jammed, then give it a little "maintenance" with your fist.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 10 grainville 08.ogg}} '''Grainville:''' Here, take this.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 10 grainville 09.ogg}} '''Grainville:''' Bring me the processed widgets and I'll give you some Credit Coupons in exchange.
:;(Display [[#Tutorial|Press Operation and Widget Processing]] Tutorial)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Unprocessed Widget}})

;(Talk to Grainville again, optional)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 10 grainville 09.ogg}} '''Grainville:''' Bring me the processed widgets and I'll give you some Credit Coupons in exchange.

;(When the machine gets jammed while processing the widget)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So if the machine gets jammed, you just need to attack it to fix the problem!

;(When the widget glows while being processing)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Once the widget is hot enough to glow, jump to step on the pedal and hit the widget with the hammer!

;(Process the widget successfully)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, you've got this!

;(Take the widget)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great, now we can report back to the foreman and give him the processed widgets!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Processed Widget}})

;(Talk to Grainville)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 12 grainville 01.ogg}} '''Grainville:''' Hmm, this one is... tolerable... though since the processing is done by machine, the product is all pretty much the same anyway.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 12 grainville 02.ogg}} '''Grainville:''' Alright, I'll pass you for now, and we'll count up how many Credit Coupons you've earned.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, Paimon's exhausted! We're done now, right? Oh, that foreman! He's so scary that Paimon couldn't even speak...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... even though Paimon's starving and wants to head straight to the Coupon Cafeteria... we still need to meet Lyney first, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He probably just finished up his work too, he should be around here somewhere...
:;(Obtain {{Item|Credit Coupons (For Use During Investigation)|x=400}})
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lyney! Mr. Magician! Where are you? This had better not be some disappearing act!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 12 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He doesn't seem to be around here. Let's try looking somewhere else.

;(Go to the upper level)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 12 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where could he be? Did he decide to slack off and sleep the day away?

;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hey! Over here!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wha&mdash;! You scared Paimon! How did you appear out of nowhere like that!?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oh? You scare so easily now? Is there something worrying you these days?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You little... The only thing we were worried about was trying to find you!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hehe, sorry, sorry! Come over here, and keep it down...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Lynette! You're here too! You two really are inseparable.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lynette 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' That's right, my brother simply can't stand to be away from me.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Uh, it's not just Lynette, Freminet is also here. Do you still remember him?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you mean that diver from the House of the Hearth, right? Paimon remembers seeing him in the Court of Fontaine before.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now hurry up and tell us, how did you end up as criminals this time? We fought so hard at court to prove you were innocent, but now it looks like our incredible court battle was for nothing!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Sadly, even the tiniest of things can land you in prison these days, you know. I put together a street performance and used the popularity we gained from the opera house incident to attract a big crowd.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And then...?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Next, I invited several audience members to participate in the show. And then, with the entire audience watching... their wallets suddenly disappeared!
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lynette 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' My brother was charged with theft, and I was charged as his accomplice, having assisted him in his crime.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 07.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' It isn't really that bad... The missing wallets are all in the leftmost drawer of the Maison Gardiennage's big filing cabinet. We just need to see how long it takes to discover them.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lynette 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Yes, we should be released then.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 08.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' In terms of the magic trick itself, I think the performance went perfectly.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Leave it to Lyney to magic himself into prison.
:{{DIcon}} That's not the point, Lyney...
:{{DIcon}} The question is, what are you two really doing here?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 09.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Indeed. Last time I hid my identity from you, I promised that I'd tell you absolutely everything if you were angry about it, no more secrets.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 10.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' So I don't plan on keeping anything from you this time, either. At the moment, the House of the Hearth's interests don't conflict with yours at all.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 11.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' We were instructed by the "Father" of our House, [[The Knave]], to come here and conduct an investigation.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Told you so! See, Paimon guessed right.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 12.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' As for what we're investigating... Perhaps you haven't heard, but the Fortress of Meropide hides a secret.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 13.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Some even say that the entire fortress exists just to protect it.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 14.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' The House of the Hearth has been investigating this for a very long time, trying to uncover its mysteries...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 15.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' But recently all of our informants, including the ones that had infiltrated the guards, suddenly vanished and have not been heard from since.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 16.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' We believe that this is a direct provocation, and it's the reason why we came here.
:{{DIcon}} Why is the House so interested about this secret?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 17.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' "Father" has somehow managed to confirm that Focalors does not have Fontaine's Gnosis.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? How did she manage to learn information that important?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lynette 04.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' "Father" has her ways... Many of them are beyond our imagination, and we've never had the chance to see her at work. But we trust her conclusions.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 18.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' It was this information that led us to suspect that Fontaine's Gnosis might be in the Fortress of Meropide, and is related to that "secret."
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So it's all about the Gnosis again.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 19.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Well, that's about it from our side, how about you two? Did Monsieur Neuvillette send you here?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bingo! The Knave has been applying a lot of pressure. She wants to know what happened to Childe, so we came here to investigate...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Ah! {{Traveler}}... Are we allowed to tell them?
:{{DIcon}} You've already said everything...
:{{DIcon}} Consider it an exchange of information.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 20.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Hehe, you don't need to worry too much about that. She's just asking for a report on Master Childe's predicament as a means of pressuring you.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 21.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' "Father" used the situation as a pretext to negotiate with two high-ranking officials in the Court of Fontaine. She actually just wants to be able to make concessions on this matter for gains elsewhere, almost like a bargaining chip.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lynette 05.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Sometimes, you need an excuse to do things you otherwise couldn't, and a Harbinger is more valuable than you might imagine.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 22.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Of course, it's not a complete farce. If we do manage to find out what happened to Master Childe too, then diplomatic relations with Fontaine could improve, and Snezhnaya might even be able to adjust its stance a bit.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it just Paimon, or does it feel like we're the only ones who actually care about Childe's situation... The relationships between the Harbingers must be as bad as ever.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 23.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I wouldn't go that far... "Father" just has different standards than we do when it comes to what can be sacrificed for an advantage. By the way, I have a suggestion. Why don't we team up?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 24.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Even though we have different objectives, we're both here to investigate the Fortress of Meropide. It would be more efficient for us to work together.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 25.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' As you know, the House of the Hearth has many reasons to seek the Gnosis, but our highest priority remains resolving the prophesized crisis. You can trust us on that.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, I must refuse.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lynette 06.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' See? I told you.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 26.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Is that so... Sure enough, it won't be easy to convince them to cooperate with us...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lyney seems to be thinking pretty hard about something...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lynette 07.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Of course he is! Lyney has been looking forward to a chance to reach an understanding with you ever since last we met.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lynette 08.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Or I should say, we were really looking forward to teaming up with you this time.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 27.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Lynette! Just tell them everything, why don't you...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lynette 09.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' It's okay to open up a little...
:{{DIcon}} If all we're doing is sharing info... fine.
:{{DIcon}} But I may reconsider if things get serious.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 28.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Very prudent of you, and consistent with your behavior since we first met. That's reasonable enough, and I agree to cooperate on these terms as well.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 29.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I was prepared for the worst, but you were actually more agreeable than I anticipated. Alright then, there's no time to lose. I have some information to share, so listen carefully.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 30.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Since Lynette and I arrived here, our investigation uncovered the fact that the Fortress of Meropide has a "forbidden zone."
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 31.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Most people just clammed up and wouldn't talk, but after asking the right questions, we were able to confirm the existence of the forbidden zone from the guards.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 32.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' You should be aware of that while you're investigating.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A forbidden zone...? Could that be where Childe disappeared to? You're right, we'll definitely keep that in mind.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 33.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Good. That's the most suspicious thing about the fortress that we know of so far. We have a few other unanswered questions, and we'll be investigating those as quickly as we can. Anyway, I hope you find our information useful, at least.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 lyney 34.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oh, look at the time! You two must be hungry. You should go to the Coupon Cafeteria and get something to eat. I'll use my cards to get in touch with you again in the future.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's just what Paimon wanted to hear! Paimon's starving after all that work today! We can talk more about the investigation later, let's go get some grub!
----
;(Approach the cafeteria)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He wasn't kidding. Today's meal is nowhere near as good as last time. *sigh* Who knows how long it'll be until we're lucky enough to get that super tasty meal again...
:{{DIcon}} As long as you're here long enough...
:{{DIcon}} It'll only be a matter of time before you get it again.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh, forget about it then. We'll just deal with the regular food for the time being. Let's just get out of here as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But life here doesn't seem all that bad, other than the foreman being kinda mean and the work being pretty tiring...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 vidoc 01.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' You think so, mate? Ah, if I had a coupon for every fish who's said that...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 vidoc 02.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Seems you fishies still haven't learned your lessons from your life up on the surface...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 vidoc 03.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' If you take things at face value, then by the time you reach a dead end, you won't even know how you ended up on that road in the first place.
:{{DIcon}} Have some advice for us, old timer?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 vidoc 04.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Heh, I like your attitude. I can let you in on a little something...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 vidoc 05.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Everyone's been telling you to just follow the rules and not cause any trouble for yourself, am I right?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 vidoc 06.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' But what they don't tell you is that the rules aren't exactly what they pretend to be &mdash; the rules for being a prisoner.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 vidoc 07.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' The truth is, this place has a lot of "hidden rules"...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? "Hidden rules"?&nbsp;...What do you mean?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 vidoc 08.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Not everyone knows about those rules, but whether you know 'em or not, once you break one... you might encounter something even worse than death.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' R&mdash;Really...? Ooh, now you're really scaring poor Paimon, don't joke around like that...
:{{DIcon}} Have some advice for us, old timer?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 vidoc 09.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Of course, and I'd say that just disappearing would be one of the better outcomes.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you mean that if there really are "hidden rules," then Childe's disappearance might have something to do with that?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, in that case... Would you tell us some hidden rules? We definitely want to avoid breaking them...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 vidoc 10.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Hehe... C'mon mate, this is valuable information, the difference between life and death. D'you really think you can just ask and I would tell you?
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon understands... But we don't have many Credit Coupons yet...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 vidoc 11.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Yeah, yeah, I know... Not like I'm going anywhere. Just come talk to me after you've saved enough.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 vidoc 12.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' Moreover, you're new fish, freshly caught, and completely out of your element... What'd be the point in even telling you anything before you've gotten a handle on your new lives? Come and find me once you've been here longer.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 vidoc 13.ogg}} '''Vidoc:''' I'm usually around the Rag and Bone Shop. Just call me Vidoc. Bye bye now.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 25.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He left, just like that? Do you think he's just trying to scare us into buying fake information from him?
:{{DIcon}} Is it possible that someone would just disappear?
:{{DIcon}} But I'm still interested.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 26.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, it might be a good place to start in our investigation. "Hidden rules," huh...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 27.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But like he said, we don't have any coupons, and we're still not very familiar with this place. There's nothing we can do about it now.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 13 paimon 28.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! We were so busy talking, we almost forgot to eat! Even if it's not the best, it's probably better while it's warm. C'mon, dig in before it gets cold!
:{{Black Screen|After your meal, you spend some time getting familiar with the fortress. Before long, it's nighttime...}}

;(Rest at the dormitories)
:{{A|vo fdaq102 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, Paimon just confirmed with the guards that our shift is set for every morning, and we're free to do whatever we want all afternoon...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...But it seems like most of the other inmates choose to continue working through the afternoon to earn more Credit Coupons.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, and they also said that you can use coupons to skip work in the morning and free up your time.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They weren't kidding... Credit Coupons really can be used to do anything here...
:{{A|vo fdaq102 14 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *yawn* Paimon's so tired... and we'll need to wake up and go to work in the morning. Without any Credit Coupons, it's not like we can really do anything else.
:{{A|vo fdaq102 14 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nighty night, {{Traveler}}. Paimon hopes we can keep making progress on our investigation tomorrow.
:;(The Traveler goes to sleep)
:;(A Hydro Vision appears and visions of Childe in the Fortress of Meropide can be seen)
:{{Black Screen|"I hear... someone calling me..."}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Press Operation and Widget Processing}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Fortress of Meropide
|es      = El Fuerte Merpide
|es_tl   = The Fort Meropide
|fr      = La Forteresse de Mropide
|fr_tl   = The Fortress of Meropide
|de      = Das Fort Mropide
|de_tl   = The Fort Meropide
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter IV}}

[[es:El Fuerte Merpide]]
[[vi:Pho i Meropide (Nhim V)]]