{{About|Fortune Slips from the Fortress of Meropide|other uses|Fortune Slip (Disambiguation)}}
{{Item Infobox
|title       = Fortune Slip
|id          = 120491<!-- 120491-120520 -->
|image       = Item Fortune Slip (Fontaine).png
|type        = Quest Items
|description = <!-- instead of the fortune being inside a readable box, the description *is* the fortune -->
|source1     = [[Welfare Meal]]
|source2     = [[Game of the Rich]]
}}
'''Fortune Slip''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained from using a [[Welfare Meal]], and from the {{Quest|Game of the Rich}}.

==Fortune Slip Text==
Each Fortune Slip may contain one of the following texts at random:
* "After using your left cheek to strike the other person's hand, you must be sure to press the advantage, and continue attacking their hand with your right cheek."
* "Believe in the power of skepticism."
* "Don't be depressed when you fail. Sometimes, a ship sinking to the bottom is also a kind of arrival."
* "Don't believe maxims written on slips of paper."
* "Don't look for shortcuts, after all, the shortcut might already be clogged with hordes of people who've already found it."
* "Don't regret, or regret regretting, and definitely don't ever regret regretting regret."
* "Don't retreat if you encounter obstacles. First, have a Welfare Meal. The obstacle won't disappear, but at least you've got a full stomach now."
* "Don't worry, everything will get better! At least, that's what they asked me to write!"
* "Even if Whopperflowers disguise themselves as Sweet Flowers, the smart fox will not be fooled."
* "Even the sweetest Sunsettias fall from high branches. This is the result of maturity."
* "Hard work begets success!"
* "I'm just a Fortune Slip, and cannot provide the answers to the difficulties you encounter. You must rely on yourself to overcome."
* "Just when you think it can't get any worse, you must be alert, for things can always get worse."
* "Life is not a game."
* "Luck is not here, but elsewhere."
* "Luck only brings fleeting pleasure, lifelong happiness requires hard work."
* "Luck that is easily obtained will not bring long-term happiness."
* "Misfortune is an illness, and caring friends are the cure."
* "Misfortune will always come to an end. Once you are used to it, it ceases to be misfortune."
* "Often, two small steps is better than one big step."
* ''"Okay, have another! (Just kidding)"''
* "Setbacks may give you experience, but they won't give you Credit Coupons!"
* "Sometimes, happiness is like a Lumitoile. It can only be seen clearly when it is darkest."
* "The meaning of life is thinking, and the meaning of working is in giving up on life."
* "The one who laughs loudest may not laugh to the last, but they certainly are the happiest when laughing."
* "The secret to staying healthy: Don't get sick."
* "Things happen. Don't take it personally!"
* "Those with no freedom cannot be sad."
* "You shouldn't feel like you've got nothing. After all, you've got this delicious meal!"
* "You won't win a prize just because you bought a ticket, but you'll never win a prize if you never buy a ticket!"

==Gameplay Notes==
* Obtaining a Fortune Slip with the text "''Okay, have another! (Just kidding)''" will award the {{Achievement|Thanks For Your Patronage!}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Fortune Slip
|zhs     = 幸运签
|zhs_rm  = Xìngyùn Qiān
|zht     = 幸運籤
|zht_rm  = Xìngyùn Qiān
|ja      = おみくじ
|ja_rm   = Omikuji
|ko      = 행운의 쪽지
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Papelito de la suerte
|fr      = Bandelette de chance
|ru      = Билетик с гаданием
|th      = เซียมซีนำโชค
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Quẻ May Mắn
|de      = Los des Schicksals
|id      = Slip Keberuntungan
|pt      = Tirinha da Sorte
|tr      = Fal Kağıdı
|it      = Biglietto della fortuna
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}