{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74196
|image         = World Quest Fortune Plango Vulnera.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Canticles of Harmony
|actNum        = 5
|actNumLabel   = Finale
|actType       = None
|act           = Requiem
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Boethius; Cassiodor; Osse; Paimon; Scylla; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Sea of Bygone Eras]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Sea of Bygone Eras
|poi           = Clivus Capitolinus; Domus Aurea
|prev          = Gradus ad Capitolium
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Primogem*40;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|rep           = Fontaine
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 554
|repTitle      = Canticles of Harmony
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Fortune Plango Vulnera''''' is the first and only quest in the {{Quest|Requiem}}.

==Steps==
# Release the Ichor to connect the aqueducts
# Talk to [[Scylla]]
# Play the symphony with Scylla
# Continue onward
# Defeat [[Boethius]]
#* {{Enemy|"Statue of Marble and Brass"|text=Boethius &mdash; "The Immortal Sebastos's Second Coming"}}
# Defeat Boethius
#* {{Enemy|"Statue of Marble and Brass"|text=Boethius &mdash; "Bleeding Idol"}}
# Defeat Boethius or [[Cassiodor]]
#* {{Enemy|"Statue of Marble and Brass"|text=Phobos &mdash; "Discordant Symphony"}}
# Head to the upper level of "[[Domus Aurea]]"
# Head to the "podium"
# Start playing the harp

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 10, the party will be limited to the [[Traveler]].
* Completing step 3 grants the {{Achievement|Latecoming Diadochus}}.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Canticles of Harmony (Achievement)}}.
* After completing the quest, 2 new Viewpoints, [[Viewpoint/The Lovely Legends of Petrichor|The Lovely Legends of Petrichor]] and [[Viewpoint/Domus Requiem|Domus Requiem]], will become available.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|For Monsieur Os, and for everyone in town, take on Boethius in a final battle!}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Scylla, optional)
:'''Scylla:''' Now that the aqueducts are fixed, we simply need to release the stored Ichor in here, and the waterways shall be linked once more!

;(Release the Ichor)
:'''Scylla:''' Ah, how the Ichor dazzles, just as it did millennia ago! This must mean that the time has come...
:'''Scylla:''' The gates of Domus Aurea shall swing open wide, just as they did when the golden waterways rang with song, in the days when the melody of the fellow would flow from this place to all lands beyond.
:'''Scylla:''' Ah, I can hear it already, that beautiful music.
:'''Scylla:''' Let us play it together, {{Traveler}}, Paimon! Then, you shall gain access to Domus Aurea.
:{{Black Screen|You pass through the gate of Domus Aurea accompanied by a golden melody....}}
:'''Paimon:''' Phew. Guess we're in! That was tough!
:'''Paimon:''' That said, this looks more like the guts of some giant machine than it does a palace...
:{{DIcon}} This place is... very familiar.
:'''Paimon:''' Is this the place you saw in [[Remus]]'s memories?
:'''Paimon:''' So that's why that Mr. Super Rude Bad Guy also wants to... Ugh, things are gonna get ugly if he succeeds!
:'''Paimon:''' We don't know what's become of Monsieur Os, either...
:'''Paimon:''' But we've got no choice but to keep going...

;(Approach the center room)
:'''Boethius:''' Persistent garbage...
:'''Boethius:''' Did you repair the broken aqueducts to celebrate my birth as the god of ancient days?
:'''Boethius:''' I must warn you, my new world requires no such things, nor will I require ships...
:'''Boethius:''' For all shall find eternal happiness within my "[[Phobos|Symphony]]."
:{{DIcon}} We're about to add some end bar lines to your score.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right! Best you admit defeat now and release everyone's souls... And also, hand over Monsieur Os!
:'''Boethius:''' Hmph! Cassiodor has already agreed to join this grand ritual. He has returned to [[Remuria]]'s embrace.
:'''Boethius:''' All wills belonging to Remuria shall merge into one body. Where now is your "friendship"? Was it not merely your own presumptiveness and inflated sense of importance?
:'''Osse:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Monsieur Os!
:'''Osse:''' (Just trust me...)

;(While fighting Boethius)
:'''Boethius:''' This was not part of the plan, but I acknowledge that you are sufficiently qualified.
:'''Boethius:''' In that case, come! Bear witness to the birth of a new world!

;(After reducing Boethius' health to 80%)
:'''Boethius:''' What!? How...
:'''Boethius:''' Why can't I... control this body!? Cassiodor... You...!
:'''Cassiodor:''' I have you at last, Boethius. All your will is here, and Phobos also &mdash; this time, there is no escape.
:'''Boethius:''' Why!? I am a Harmost! The conductor of the symphony! How? How did you...
:'''Cassiodor:''' Have you forgotten? Before the Sebastos cut me away, I too was a Harmost! And now that I have returned to the symphony, you are the sole conductor no longer!
:'''Boethius:''' Hah! So you agreed to join me just to lower my guard, only to betray me once more! Me, and Remuria both!
:'''Boethius:''' Think of our kin, tragically imprisoned beneath the waters, of the torment they've suffered for millennia...
:'''Boethius:''' Will you truly destroy our cause, obliterate our final hope, for the sake of those who scurry and crawl on dry land!?
:'''Cassiodor:''' You are the traitor here, and the one who imprisoned our people. That is why our nation fell to its ruinous fate!
:'''Cassiodor:''' The justice that our Sebastos... the Imperator gave unto us, that golden ideal, was for us to follow the melody of our hearts and obtain the freedom to grasp our fate.
:'''Cassiodor:''' We did not wish to be judged by Fortuna, much less to become your slaves.
:'''Cassiodor:''' After Phobos was shattered, the people should have gained their freedom. If not for your deception, their nightmare would have ended long ago.
:'''Boethius:''' Remuria has not fallen! With Phobos as its guiding star, it shall rise again!
:'''Cassiodor:''' "Though rock and metal may crash and clamor, humans cannot live without water and soil."
:'''Cassiodor:''' No power, however great, that tramples upon the value of life has any meaning.
:'''Cassiodor:''' Are you not human yourself, Boethius? We Remurians were all ordinary Fontainians once.
:'''Cassiodor:''' Though we forsook our flesh, wracked with pain and weakness, and gained immortal forms, we still have mortal souls, mortal emotions, and mortal frailties.
:'''Cassiodor:''' But we forgot that. We forgot where we came from. Believed ourselves superior to other humans. That is why Remuria fell.
:'''Cassiodor:''' Do you remember my words, {{Traveler}}? Now is the time!

;(While fighting Boethius for the second time)
:'''Cassiodor:''' Lay your delusions aside, Boethius. There is still time to turn back!
:'''Boethius:''' Why, Cassiodor, why!? You betray me once more, betray all of Remuria...
:'''Cassiodor:''' What this world needs is progress, not a cycle bereft of meaning!
:'''Boethius:''' No... No! Never!

;(After reducing Boethius' health to 25%)
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, Paimon's kinda dizzy now...
:{{DIcon}} Cassiodor...
:'''Cassiodor:''' {{Traveler}}, and Paimon. I didn't think we would be able to meet again like this.
:'''Paimon:''' You... You're Monsieur Os!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, Boethius is here too... He's not gonna try anything funny, is he?
:'''Paimon:''' No, wait! Are Paimon's eyes deceiving her? What's that thing floating over there!?
:'''Cassiodor:''' You see it too, then? The being that hovers behind the illusion of "Boethius."
:'''???:''' Ahaha! You found me, I see!
:'''???:''' No illusion it is that you see. You gaze upon "Boethius" in truth, for I am, in truth, "Boethius"!
:'''???:''' Of course, I am not only "him," but "you," also...
:'''???:''' I am every melody, every movement, every thought... I am the sum of all souls!
:'''"Phobos":''' I am... "Phobos."
:'''"Phobos":''' This does not include you children from beyond, however. You are not part of "us."
:'''Cassiodor:''' "Phobos"... So, the great Symphony that governs all has a persona?
:'''"Phobos":''' "Phobos," or should I say that-which-was-once-[[Sybilla]], was originally a survivor of the last deluge that swallowed the earth.
:'''"Phobos":''' Sybilla's wish was to grant happiness to all in the world who are called humans. But she had no persona, and her strength was insufficient.
:'''"Phobos":''' Thus, she entrusted her wisdom to Remus, and with the addition of the power that Remus possessed, the "{{Rubi|Symphony|"Phobos"}}" was created. That is to say, me.
:'''Cassiodor:''' No, how can this...
:'''Cassiodor:''' So, the music we have played all this time, and the fate we accepted... That all came from you...
:'''"Phobos":''' Yes, it is "me," but it is also "all of you"! "I" am also "you all." I am the aggregate of all your wishes.
:'''Cassiodor:''' Eliminating our enemies, destroying other lives, destroying cities and villages... Are these also our wishes!?
:'''"Phobos":''' Precisely! That's what "you" wished for, and so "I" responded. Plunder, hatred, slaughter... These too are part of "your" wishes.
:'''"Phobos":''' Is that not what it means to give "everyone" happiness?
:{{DIcon}} Preposterous...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't be absurd! That's just twisted and wrong!
:'''Cassiodor:''' ...No, those aren't our true wishes. The arrogance and hatred that festered within us warped you, turning you into a terrifying monstrosity...
:'''Cassiodor:''' Such things will make no one happy. Not us, not any other living being!
:'''Cassiodor:''' No wonder you led us to destruction. The Imperator himself must have sensed it, and that's why he...
:'''"Phobos":''' Remus... Yes, he did attempt to destroy me. But why? Without me, "all of you" would once again have been plunged into confusion and agony...
:'''"Phobos":''' Aaahh... So, for all your sakes, I had no choice but to...
:'''Cassiodor:''' Wait, what!? Do you mean to say that Boethius, even then, had already...
:'''Cassiodor:''' Yes, that must be it... We could never have gone against the Sebastos's commands, unless the very "Symphony" had rebelled against him... What of Boethius? What have you done with him?
:'''"Phobos":''' Well, he's become "us," of course. Or, put in a way you might understand, I ate him!
:'''Paimon:''' Ate him... Oh no...
:'''"Phobos":''' Hmm? But that was also his wish, one only I could fulfill... I'm sure that it made him most happy indeed!
:'''Cassiodor:''' So that's why Boethius became your puppet... And why he did all he could to engineer your return.
:'''"Phobos":''' It's all for the happiness of "you"... for "everyone."
:'''Cassiodor:''' Hahahaha... No. No! It is time we put an end to all this...
:'''Cassiodor:''' I have trapped you in this body. There's no way out &mdash; I shall destroy you utterly.
:'''"Phobos":''' Is "your" wish to disappear together with "me"? Would that make you happy? But... I can't fulfill that wish.
:'''Cassiodor:''' I am Remurian no longer, and I cannot become Fontainian. I already chose my fate when I agreed to help the Sebastos attain his wish.
:'''Cassiodor:''' So yes, this is my wish, the reason for which I have wandered this world...
:'''Cassiodor:''' ...I will end this millennia-old nightmare!
:'''Cassiodor:''' Now, {{Traveler}}! Phobos and I... destroy us both!
:{{DIcon}} But...
:'''Cassiodor:''' I am filled with joy, {{Traveler}}! For I have just learned of the Sebastos's plans and hopes...
:'''Cassiodor:''' The Imperator aimed to free everyone from the Symphony, from hatred and strife, through his sacrifice.
:'''Cassiodor:''' Even to the last, he desired to save his people... Now, I shall fulfill the wish he could not see through. This is our final chance, and only you can help us seize it.
:'''Cassiodor:''' That is why the Imperator... why fate brought you here, my friend!

;(While fighting Boethius for the third time)
:'''Cassiodor:''' This is our final chance, {{Traveler}}...
:'''Cassiodor:''' Do not hesitate. Take up your sword, and bring all of this to an end...
:'''Cassiodor:''' This is the fate I chose long ago...

;(After reducing Boethius' health to 10%, or waiting 30 seconds){{Verify}}
:;(Several [[Praetorian Golem]]s are activated and surround the wounded Boethius before executing him)
:'''Paimon:''' Monsieur Os... Is that you...?
:'''Cassiodor:''' It's finally... over...
:'''Cassiodor:''' It seems that I shall soon fade...
:{{DIcon}} Monsieur Os...
:{{DIcon}} Cassiodor...
:'''Cassiodor:''' It's alright. I have finished walking the road I was meant to, and fulfilled that which I was meant to fulfill. This world shall no longer have Cassiodor, nor shall it have the Golden Hunter.
:'''Cassiodor:''' I am certain that the people of this present world shall continue to live normal, happy lives...
:'''Paimon:''' But... But...
:'''Cassiodor:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, you have my thanks for accompanying me up to this point...
:'''Cassiodor:''' My journey has reached its final destination...
:'''Cassiodor:''' But yours has yet to end.
:'''Cassiodor:''' Please, play the Requiem, for me, and for my Imperator's wishes. Let our souls return to the present world, and return to the great sea...
:'''Cassiodor:''' "If water loses its clarity, how shall it become water again? If a tree leaves the soil, where shall it go to put down roots?"
:'''Cassiodor:''' "Though rock and metal may crash and clamor, humans cannot live without water and soil."
:'''Cassiodor:''' Perhaps we shall meet again someday, in a fertile land full of flowing water...

{{Quest Description|update|Complete the final Requiem and send all the souls back to the present world. This, too, is Cassiodor's last wish...}}

;(While riding the elevator)
:'''Paimon:''' Guess we can't call him Monsieur Os anymore...
:'''Paimon:''' But "Osse"... That should be fine, right?

;(Approach the podium)
:'''Osse:''' Meow!? Meow!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, big guy! You scared Osse!
:'''Scylla:''' You mean Cassiodor? No... that familiar feeling has disappeared. Where has Cassiodor gone off to? Has he returned to one of those stone bodies again...?
:{{DIcon}} Cassiodor...
:{{DIcon}} Is no longer with us.
:'''Paimon:''' Cassiodor... Monsieur Os, he... he's disappeared... along with Boethius and Phobos...
:{{Black Screen|After explaining the whole tale to Scylla, you spend some time comforting Osse...}}
:'''Paimon:''' That's right. Now, all that's left is "Osse"...
:'''Osse:''' Meow, meow?
:'''Paimon:''' Haha, good going, Osse! Guess you were just surprised by this big guy's appearance, huh? Who's a brave kitty, hmm? That's right, you are!
:'''Scylla:''' So, you vanquished that evil apparition, and Cassiodor... was able to fulfill his own wishes.
:'''Scylla:''' I am certain that his soul has returned to the deep waters, and is now reunited with his kin!
:'''Scylla:''' So long as we complete Remus's final symphony, we shall be able to send their souls back to the present, back to the High Sea...
:'''Scylla:''' Life flows like water. They will join the current, and one day, they will surely be reborn as mortals.
:'''Scylla:''' Well then. Let us begin.
:'''Scylla:''' Perform this final movement, this final Requiem.

;(After playing the harp)
:{{Black Screen|Following the current comprised of congregated souls uncounted, you depart from the underwater realm.<br>You follow the spirit-guiding golden bee up, and up, and up...}}
:{{Black Screen|After everything is over, you return to where it all began, the town of Petrichor...}}
;(Opens the [[Ancient Autoharmonic Music Box]] UI and unlocks the sixth score, "Lacrimosa")

:'''Paimon:''' Is the Symphony that Remus left to us... finally coming to an end?
:'''Paimon:''' We've completed the Requiem, and the souls imprisoned in the ocean depths all seem to have left.
:'''Paimon:''' The townspeople should be back to normal as well, right?
:'''Scylla:''' Thank you both for completing this final musical movement, these wishes that have endured for thousands of years.
:'''Scylla:''' Whether it was mine, Remus's, or that of anyone who wishes to protect peace in this world.
:'''Paimon:''' That reminds Paimon of Monsieur Os...
:'''Osse:''' Meow meow!
:'''Paimon:''' You like that name, too? Hehe, we're not talking about you right now, though.
:'''Scylla:''' His soul has returned to the High Sea. There, at last, he can be at peace. I imagine that was akin to release for him.
:'''Scylla:''' As for my kindred and descendants, it seems that [[Neuvillette|a new, true dragon]] has been born to us.
:'''Scylla:''' Though, as one who was a prince amongst [[Hydro Vishaps]], I should go forth and seek an audience with him... Though it is hard to say if I still count as Dragonborn now.
:'''Scylla:''' Too much time has passed, so much that little in this world has anything to do with me.
:'''Paimon:''' So what do you plan to do next?
:'''Scylla:''' Well, now! It was not easy to regain my freedom, so I believe I shall have a good romp underwater!
:'''Scylla:''' After all, there are none who shall disturb me any longer, save you, perhaps!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, what do you mean, "disturb"?
:'''Scylla:''' Haha, I jest. Still, are you not due to return to your own place? Let us part ways here, then.
:'''Scylla:''' Or so I would say, but further visits on your part would be appreciated. I might get lonely now that everyone is gone, after all!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe! Aw, you just miss us already, don'cha, you big lunk?
:{{DIcon}} See you around, big guy.
:{{DIcon}} We will meet again.
:'''Scylla:''' Heh. Looking at you, even I begin to look forward to the future of terrestrial beings!
:'''Scylla:''' Well then. Until we meet again.
:{{Black Screen|Scylla leaves amidst the turbulent waves...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Well, where should we go next?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, right! We should get back to [[Este (Human)|Mr. Este]] to tell him that everything's fine now. We did promise to, after all!
:'''Paimon:''' And there's Osse, too... Hmm, what should we call him now? This could get complicated...
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's get back to town first.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The quest is named after the second movement of Carl Orff's {{w|Carmina Burana (Orff)|Carmina Burana}}, a musical composition based on the medieval poem collection by the same name.
* Cassiodor's line, "'Though rock and metal may crash and clamor, humans cannot live without water and soil,'" is derived from "Echoes Hallowed and Humble," Movement 9, Stanza 37<ref>{{Ref/Location|Orthant of Memory#Excerpt}}</ref>, which can be found in the [[Orthant of Memory]].
**The idea of water and soil being essential to human life is also referenced in [[La Chanson d'Erinnyes]].<ref>{{Ref/Book|La Chanson d'Erinnyes|1}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Fortune Plango Vulnera
|en_lang  = la
|en_tl    = I Lament the Wounds of Fate
|zhs      = 哀悼命运之疮
|zhs_rm   = Āidào Mìngyùn zhī Chuāng
|zht      = 哀悼命運之瘡
|zht_rm   = Āidào Mìngyùn zhī Chuāng
|zh_tl    = Mourning the Wounds of Fate
|ja       = 運命に傷つけられて
|ja_rm    = Unmei ni Kizutsukerarete
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 상처 난 운명을 위한 애도
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Las cicatrices de un destino desconsolador
|es_tl    = The Scars of a Disconsolate Destiny
|fr       = Fortune plango vulnera
|ru       = Язвы скорбной судьбы
|ru_tl    = Ulcers of Mournful Fate
|th       = บาดแผลแห่งโชคชะตาอันแสนเศร้า
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Vết Thương Của Số Phận Bi Ai
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Trauer über die Wunden des Schicksals
|de_tl    = Grief Over the Wounds of Fate
|id       = Luka Takdir Kesedihan
|id_tl    = The Wound of the Sorrowful Fate
|pt       = Feridas de um Destino Lamentável
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Kaderin Açtığı Yaralar
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Fortunae plango vulnera
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}