{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Enemy Childe.png
|type         = Lore
|type2        = The Abyss
}}
'''Foul Legacy Transformation''' is a combat technique utilized by [[Tartaglia]]. He has used it during his boss fight, [[Enter the Golden House]], as well as in a cutscene during his [[Story Quest]] [[Mighty Cyclops' Adventure!]]. He attempted to use this technique during the events of [[As Light Rain Falls Without Reason]] following his guilty verdict by the [[Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale|Oratrice]], but he was instead incapacitated by [[Neuvillette]] before fully transforming. During the events of [[Masquerade of the Guilty]], he would use the technique to prevent the [[All-Devouring Narwhal]] from consuming [[Fontaine|Fontainian]] civilians.<ref name=":0" />

While under the effects of Foul Legacy Transformation, Tartaglia is able to wield the powers of his [[Hydro]] [[Vision]] and [[Electro]] [[Delusion]] at the same time. However, using this ability is extremely draining on him and has lasting repercussions on his body; his fight with the All-Devouring Narwhal left him severely injured, resulting in him returning to [[Snezhnaya]] in order to recover.<ref name=":0">{{Ref/Quest|Apocalypse}}</ref><ref name="TTT">{{Ref/Quest|Finale}}</ref>

This power does not originate from his Delusion; he learned it from [[Skirk]] after he fell into the [[Abyss]], before he joined the [[Fatui]], with the transformation receiving its name from [[Surtalogi]] "The Foul," Skirk's own master.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|4}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Item|Shard of a Foul Legacy}}</ref><ref name="Childe Namecard">Namecard: [[Childe: Foul Legacy]]</ref><ref name=":0" />

==Characteristics==
When Tartaglia activates this ability, he grows to twice his size and dons a black and violet armor. He also now levitates off the floor and moves around at breakneck speed.

His armor is primarily black, with a violet fade from his midriff to his upper thighs. His torso sports his original outfit's collar, and his [[Hydro]] [[Vision]], with a lavender, feathery collar at his neck. He also wears a long cape with a starry pattern. His armor extends to his arms, as well, with his fingers now wearing sharp gray claws. At his navel is his Electro Delusion. His legs are also armored, complemented by a silver lining, and a violet diamond pattern where his kneecaps are. Finally, his mask takes a new form, covering the entirety of his face, and elongating to sport long horns at his head. The face of the mask is featureless, save for a single purple eye.

==Trivia==
* While {{Lang|"Foul Legacy Transformation" (or simply "Foul Legacy")|zh=魔王武装|zh_tl=Demon King Armament}} is used in some of Tartaglia's [[Talent]] and [[Constellation]] names, within the story, it exclusively refers to the form he takes on during the third phase of Enter the Golden House.<ref name="TTT" /><ref name="Childe Namecard" /><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Heart of Glaze|archive=1|quote=Presuming that you beat him to the Gnosis, Childe becomes enraged, activates his Foul Legacy Transformation, and continues to do battle with you...}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Defender of Childhood Dreams|archive=1}}</ref>
** The description for [[Childe: Foul Legacy]] states that {{Lang|Foul Legacy|zh=魔王|zh_tl=Demon King}} is the name of Tartaglia and Skirk's fighting style, which combines many different fighting techniques. Notably, the original Chinese description removed the {{zh|武装|tl=Armament}} part used in other instances of {{Lang|"Foul Legacy/Foul Legacy Transformation"|zh=魔王武装}}.
** Comparisons have been made between Tartaglia's [[Elemental Skill]] and [[Elemental Burst]], and the fighting style used by the [[Abyss Order]] enemy [[Abyss Herald: Wicked Torrents]].
* After Tartaglia unleashes Foul Legacy Transformation during Enter the Golden House, the English localization has him declare ''"Foul Legacy - The Devouring Deep!"'' However, the original Chinese text calls it {{zh|极恶法「鲸吞噬灭」|rm=Jí'è-fǎ "Jīngtūn-shìmiè"|tl=Extreme Evil Art 'Whale Swallowing Devouring Destruction'}}, a phrase which is equivalent to the {{Lang|"Havoc"|zh=极恶技|zh_rm=Jí'è-jì|zh_tl=Extreme Evil Technique}} used in Tartaglia's Elemental Burst, [[Havoc: Obliteration]], and his Constellations [[Havoc: Formless Blade]] and [[Havoc: Annihilation]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|1_en     = Foul Legacy / Foul Legacy Transformation
|1_en_note = The equivalent Chinese phrase is translated as "Foul Legacy" in Tartaglia's Talents and Constellations, and as "Foul Legacy Transformation" in dialogue.
|1_zhs    = 魔王武装
|1_zhs_rm = Mówáng Wǔzhuāng
|1_zht    = 魔王武裝
|1_zht_rm = Mówáng Wǔzhuāng
|1_zh_tl  = Demon King Armament
|zhja_note = [[Childe: Foul Legacy]] uses {{zh|魔装|tl=Demon Attire,}} which truncates the phrase to its first and last characters.
|1_ja     = 魔王武装
|1_ja_rm  = Maou Busou{{Assumed}}
|1_ja_tl  = Demon King Armament{{Sino}}
|1_ko     = 마왕 무장
|1_ko_tl  = Demon King Armament
|1_es     = Legado del mal
|1_es_tl  = Legacy of Evil
|1_fr     = Posture du démon
|1_fr_tl  = Demon Stance
|1_ru     = Форма духа
|1_ru_tl  = Spirit Form
|1_th     = Foul Legacy Transformation
|1_vi     = Trang Phục Ma Vương
|1_vi_tl  = Demon King's Attire
|1_de     = Dämonengewand
|1_de_tl  = Demon Garment
|1_id     = Transformasi Foul Legacy
|1_pt     = Legado do Mal
|1_pt_tl  = Legacy of Evil
|1_tr       = Kötülüğün Mirası
|1_tr_tl    = 
|1_it       = Trasformazione dell'Eredità immonda
|1_it_tl    = 
|2_en     = Foul Legacy - The Devouring Deep
|2_zhs    = 极恶法「鲸吞噬灭」
|2_zhs_rm = Jí'è-fǎ "Jīngtūn-shìmiè"
|2_zht    = 極惡法「鯨吞噬滅」
|2_zht_rm = Jí'è-fǎ "Jīngtūn-shìmiè"
|2_zh_tl  = Extreme Evil Arts "Whale Swallowing Devouring Destruction"
|2_ja     = 極悪法「空鯨噬滅」
|2_ja_rm  = Gokuaku-hou "Kuugei-zeimetsu"<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Enter the Golden House|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|2_ja_tl  = Extreme Evil Arts "Celestial Whale Devouring Destruction"
|2_ko     = {{tt|극악법|極惡法}} 「{{tt|경탄<->서멸|鯨吞噬滅}}」
|2_ko_tl  = Extreme Evil Arts "Whale Swallowing Devouring Destruction"
|2_es     = Legado atroz: Devoración de las profundidades
|2_es_tl  = Atrocious Legacy: Devoration of the Depths
|2_fr     = <!--no mention: "Admirez ma technique !"-->
|2_fr_tl  = <!--Admire my technique!-->
|2_ru     = Мерзкое наследие «Ненасытные глубины»
|2_ru_tl  = Vile Legacy "The Insatiable Depths"
|2_th     = Foul Legacy - The Devouring Deep
|2_vi     = {{tt|Tà Pháp|邪法}} "{{tt|Kình Ngư|鯨魚}} Nuốt Chửng"
|2_vi_tl  = 
|2_de     = Dämonengewand – Alles verschlingende Tiefen
|2_de_tl  = Demon Garment - All-devouring Depths
|2_id     = Foul Legacy - The Devouring Deep
|2_pt     = Legado Infame - O Devorador Profundo
|2_pt_tl  = Infamous Legacy - The Deep Devourer
|2_tr     = Kötülüğün Mirası, Yutan Derinlik
|2_tr_tl  = 
|2_it     = Eredità immonda: Abisso vorace
|2_it_tl  = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[ja:魔王武装]]