{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Fragmented Memories
|image             = Fragmented Memories.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-05-07 18:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-05-26 11:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/123571
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240506jigsaw-ih4e10/index.html
|link2name         = Event Pages
}}
{{Description|The memories of the past are like pieces of a puzzle... Putting them together allows us to sketch the path we've walked.}}
'''Fragmented Memories''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.6]].

==Event Duration==
* May 7, 2024 – May 26, 2024 11:59 (UTC+8)
* Rewards cannot be claimed after the event ends. Please claim them in time.

==Eligibility==
* [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Rewards==
* Clear the jigsaw puzzle stages to obtain a total of {{Item|Primogem|x=40}}.
* Share the event for the first time and obtain {{Item|Mora|x=20,000}}.
* Complete the Recall Rewards mission as an inviter to obtain an extra reward of {{Item|Primogem|x=60}}.
* After the event ends, you will no longer be able to play the stages or exchange for puzzle pieces, so remember to take part in time.

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, you can log into Genshin Impact daily, consume Original Resin, complete Domain Challenges, and other challenge missions to obtain puzzle pieces.
# Puzzle pieces can help you obtain the complete card and enter the next puzzle stage.
# During the event, Travelers can use the Recall Code on the card to invite returnees. After returning Travelers complete linking on the web page, Travelers who have been linked will receive puzzle pieces as a reward.
# When invited Travelers complete the web event's Activity Missions, the inviter will receive bonus Primogem rewards.

===Mission List===
* Daily Missions
** Log in to Genshin Impact (0/1)
** Use a total of 40 Original Resin (0/40)
** Complete 2 Domain Challenges (0/2)
** Watch "Absolutio Absoluta Absolutissime - Parting of Light and Shadow MV | Genshin Impact" (0/1)
* Challenge Missions
** Share "The Knave Card" with the Recall Code (0/1)
** Another player links your Recall Code once (0/1)

==Definition of "Returning Travelers"==
* Reach Adventure Rank 10 or above
* Player who haven't logged into Genshin Impact in the last 14 days

==Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event card is not available after the event ends. Please claim it in time.
# After completing the puzzle, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Only the UID that was first linked to each account can participate in this event.
# You can only use your HoYoverse account to invite your friends. If you invite your own HoYoverse accounts, or if you commit any other acts of falsification to game the invitation data, the rewards you have received will be canceled and reclaimed.
<!--
==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|item1 = count
|item2 = count
|sort  = item1,item2
}}
{{Event Rewards
|type      = Event Items
|currency1 = count
|currency2 = count
|sort      = currency1,currency2
}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fragmented Memories
|zhs     = 碎片拾忆
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 碎片拾憶
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 思い出の欠片を集めて
|ja_rm   = Omoide no Kaera wo Atsumete
|ja_tl   = Collect Memory Fragments
|ko      = 기억의 조각
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Memorias fragmentadas
|es_tl   = Fragmented Memories
|fr      = Morceaux de souvenirs
|fr_tl   = Piece of Memories
|ru      = Фрагменты памяти
|ru_tl   = Fragments of Memory
|th      = เศษเสี้ยวแห่งความทรงจำ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Mảnh Ghép Ký Ức
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Fragmentarische Erinnerungen
|de_tl   = Fragmented Memories
|id      = Pecahan Memori
|id_tl   = Fragments of Memories
|pt      = Fragmentos de Memória
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Hatıra Parçaları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Frammenti di ricordi
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

[[es:Memorias fragmentadas]]
[[fr:Morceaux de souvenirs]]
[[pt-br:Fragmentos de Memória]]
[[ru:Фрагменты памяти]]