{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13020
|image         = Story Quest Fragmented Testimony.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Vultur Volans Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = The Illusions of the Mob
|character     = Alhaitham
|requirement   = * Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40
* Complete Archon Quest [[Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises]]
|characters    = Aarav; Alhaitham; Fariba (Fragmented Testimony); Ilyas; Narendra; Paimon; Piah; Rajkumar; Rancho; Rehan; Rezakhani; Rowshan; Traveler
|startLocation = [[The Akademiya]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = 
|next          = A Thorough Investigation
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*400;Mora*27,825;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Fragmented Testimony''''' is the first part of {{Quest|The Illusions  of the Mob}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Akademiya]]
# Look for a [[matra]]
# Talk to the matra
# Go to [[Lambad's Tavern|the tavern]]
# Round up the suspects
# Find a quiet place
# Talk to Alhaitham

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You've heard that Alhaitham has become the Acting Grand Sage. Considering his personality, will the other scholars accept him? Time to pay the Akademiya a visit.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon starting the quest)
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Y'know, Paimon's heard that Alhaitham's been made Acting Grand Sage, but with that personality of his... hoo boy. Uh, you think things will be okay?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't we go to the Akademiya and ask around?

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Rancho, optional)
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 rancho 04.ogg}} '''Rancho:''' (I wonder if things are going smoothly with her thesis...)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Piah, optional)
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 pia 06.ogg}} '''Piah:''' (*sigh*)

;(Approach the Akademiya)
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 rancho 01.ogg}} '''Rancho:''' How's everything going with your thesis?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 pia 01.ogg}} '''Piah:''' I should be able to publish it next month. *sigh* A few days ago, I was worried that I'd have to stop my work on it. Thankfully, that didn't come to pass.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 rancho 02.ogg}} '''Rancho:''' Well, [[Azar]] was one of your thesis advisers &mdash; honestly, I was afraid that you might have gotten dragged down as well. How did things get settled?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 pia 02.ogg}} '''Piah:''' The newly-appointed Acting Grand Sage reviewed all of our projects and gave us permission to continue our research.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 rancho 03.ogg}} '''Rancho:''' Acting Grand Sage? That sounds like a new thing.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 pia 03.ogg}} '''Piah:''' Yeah, I heard that selecting new sages has been taking some time, so he's just filling in.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 pia 04.ogg}} '''Piah:''' But it's all thanks to him that our research results weren't jeopardized...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 pia 05.ogg}} '''Piah:''' Once my paper is published, I'm definitely giving myself a long vacation and getting some much-needed rest. Mondstadt sounds like a good idea...
:{{color|menu|There are a few other researchers discussing Alhaitham off to one side...}}
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 rajkumar 01.ogg}} '''Rajkumar:''' They're really out of their minds, making Alhaitham the Acting Grand Sage...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 rehan 01.ogg}} '''Rehan:''' Take it easy, Professor. I'm puzzled as well. Just going by qualifications, you're one of our most preeminent scholars. I don't know why they picked a stripling like him...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 rajkumar 02.ogg}} '''Rajkumar:''' Fool! Do you think I'm angry because I wasn't chosen for the position? No, it's because I don't understand why they chose HIM.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 rajkumar 03.ogg}} '''Rajkumar:''' He was one of my students, but he rarely attended class. When I asked him about it, he retorted that self-study was better use of his time...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 rajkumar 04.ogg}} '''Rajkumar:''' What brazen arrogance! Misery of miseries... for the Akademiya to have him as the Acting Grand Sage!? *cough* *cough*
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 rehan 02.ogg}} '''Rehan:''' Professor, don't get so worked up. I'll go get you some water!
:{{color|menu|There are a few other researchers discussing Alhaitham off to one side...}}
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 rezakhani 01.ogg}} '''Rezakhani:''' Psst... Wanna hear a secret? I've heard the new Acting Grand Sage is from Haravatat!
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 sahba 01.ogg}} '''Fariba:''' Really? Who is it?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 rowshan 01.ogg}} '''Rowshan:''' Someone named Alhaitham. Never met him myself, but he's a real hot topic right now &mdash; lots of things being said about him. Hard to tell what's true and what isn't, though.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 rowshan 02.ogg}} '''Rowshan:''' There's also a Vahumana scholar who's been in the spotlight recently. They say that he's a likely pick to be one of the next sages.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 sahba 02.ogg}} '''Fariba:''' Oh, is he teaching any courses? Maybe we should drop by...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, news of Alhaitham being the Acting Grand Sage sure spread fast. Some people don't know who he is, though. Guess he's less famous than Paimon thought.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Some people are saying good things, and others bad... especially that old guy just now. He really doesn't like Alhaitham...
:{{color|menu|You meet a terribly bedraggled researcher...}}
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, are you okay? Uh, you don't look too good...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 ilyas 01.ogg}} '''???:''' The matra...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The matra?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 ilyas 02.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I'm Ilyas. I have to talk to a matra about something important...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In the state you're in? You shouldn't push yourself.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why don't you tell us what happened, and we'll pass on your message to a matra.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 ilyas 03.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' No. I have to tell them myself. They are the only ones I can trust...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 ilyas 04.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Sorry, can you lend me your arm...? This is an important matter. Failure is not an option.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Since you put it that way, fine, we'll take you to a matra!

;(After talking to Ilyas)
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We promised to take him to a matra, but we don't know that many, do we...?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh wait, Cyno should be back at the Akademiya! Let's go find him!

;(Talk to Rancho or Piah, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ahlq001 rancho 01.ogg}} '''Rancho:''' Say, an old friend of mine is also in Mondstadt. Why don't we go together? We can even ask him to be our guide and show us around.
:{{A|vo dialog ahlq001 pia 01.ogg}} '''Piah:''' That sounds great! Thanks a lot.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Rancho, optional)
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 rancho 01.ogg}} '''Rancho:''' (I wish I could travel to Mondstadt with her.)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Piah, optional)
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 pia 01.ogg}} '''Piah:''' (My long-awaited time off...)
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|While looking for information on Alhaitham, you encounter a dazed man who seems to have something important to tell the matra...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Aarav, optional)
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 15.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' (There is no room for laziness if we wish to uphold order.)

;(Approach Aarav in the Akademiya)
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, hey there! Excuse us, but is Cyno at the Akademiya?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 01.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' You two look familiar. Are you friends of Mahamatra Cyno? Um, I'm afraid he's out on a mission right now.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 02.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' But if you'd like, I can pass whatever message you might have on to him.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We ran into this guy by the gates, and he seems really eager to speak with a matra. It sounds like something urgent.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 03.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Oh? If you don't mind, why don't you tell me about it first?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 ilyas 01.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' ...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 ilyas 02.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' [[Siraj]]...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 04.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Siraj? That name sounds familiar. Isn't he a Vahumana researcher?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Vahumana researcher?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 05.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Yes, one of their most renowned, in fact. I hear he's as daring as he is intelligent.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 06.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' There are rumors he'll become Vahumana's next sage... Uh, but please continue, good sir. What about Siraj?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 ilyas 03.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I want to report him... for conducting a dangerous experiment.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 ilyas 04.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' He kidnapped me, tied me up, and took me to that horrible cave... Experimental equipment everywhere...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 ilyas 05.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I ran as fast as I could... A little slower, and he would've caught me...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 07.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' There's no rush. Please, take your time.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 08.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' What kind of experiments was he conducting? Where is this cave?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 ilyas 06.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I don't remember...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You can't remember?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 ilyas 07.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' All I remember is Siraj walking towards me, and then my head started feeling... weird.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 ilyas 08.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' It's like a nightmare that I can't recall... I just know that that place is dangerous and that they must be stopped!
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 ilyas 09.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Oh, I heard they conduct business in the tavern. We have to hurry...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 09.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Even if what you say is... *sigh* All right, I'll have some of my colleagues look into Siraj.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 10.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' But before that, I would like to administer the matra lie detector test.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 ilyas 10.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' You think I'm lying?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 11.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Please don't take it the wrong way. This is just standard protocol.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 12.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Sorry, but can you two wait out here a little while? We'll be back soon.
:{{Black Screen|You wait somewhat longer than expected...}}
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Alhaitham?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 13.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Let me bring you up to speed. First things first, Ilyas passed the lie detector test.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 14.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' This indicates that what he said is highly credible. As such, we've decided to launch an investigation based on the leads he provided.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 15.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Per protocol, this matter was reported to Acting Grand Sage Alhaitham. After hearing about it, he left a message for Mahamatra Cyno and then asked to join the investigation.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's kinda weird for you to be working with the matra. Is there a special reason?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You're overthinking things. My interest was piqued, is all.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Paimon's surprised you have this much free time...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In that case... Let's join in as well, shall we, {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 16.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' It's already against protocol for Acting Grand Sage Alhaitham to participate in this investigation. As for you two...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 17.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Oh, never mind. After all, you were the ones who brought Ilyas here. I'll allow you to accompany us, but you have to promise to keep everything confidential.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't you worry! Our lips are sealed!
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 18.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' All right. In that case, I'll fill you in on what we know so far.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 19.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Ilyas claimed that Siraj will be conducting some business with a Kshahrewar researcher at the tavern. This is one of his few clear memories. It seems he stumbled upon this information while escaping.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 20.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Incidentally, Siraj isn't at the Akademiya right now. He applied for long-term off-site research one month ago.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 aarav 21.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' It's close to the time that Ilyas had given, so we've decided to head to the tavern and investigate any suspicious persons.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That's right. Aarav, prepare to head out. You two, do as you will.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, come on! We already said that we're coming!
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Ilyas claims that Siraj, a Vahumana researcher, is working on a dangerous experiment. According to Ilyas, Siraj will be meeting someone at the tavern. This matter seems to have caught Alhaitham's interest...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach [[Lambad's Tavern]])
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 01.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' We're here, Acting Grand Sage Alhaitham. What's our next course of action?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' ...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 02.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Acting Grand Sage Alhaitham?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Looks like you haven't read any memos lately.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The new Akademiya decree clearly states that even a sage doesn't have the authority to interfere with the matra's actions during an ongoing investigation.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' If your superior were here, he wouldn't be asking me what to do. Instead, he'd be telling me to stay out of the way.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 03.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' ...You're right. Understood! Then, please wait here as we lock down the perimeter and search for suspicious persons!
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 04.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Ilyas, please stay here. Acting Grand Sage Alhaitham, I'll have to trouble you with the protection of our primary witness.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Sure, though I'd rather he just protect himself.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's the same as ever... Casually ignoring people, just like he did back at Aaru Village!
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Answering a simplistic question only enables the questioner. Besides, I need him to understand my position clearly.
:{{DIcon}} What do you mean?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Aarav has just as many doubts about my coming along as you do.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But unlike you two, he's making this matter more complicated than it is, with his considerations like "the Acting Grand Sage is trying to seize the matra's powers."
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That question was obviously bait. The matra were once under the influence of the sages, and so were often subject to these bureaucratic traps.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The test was strictly unnecessary, though. I hope that our exchange will assure him that I won't interfere with their work this time.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Grr! Why is this so complicated!?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' This is why I was against becoming the Acting Grand Sage from the very first. Titles and rank inevitably make a lot of things more troublesome than usual.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 01.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Excuse me, Acting Grand Sage Alhaitham.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 02.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I've had a question on my mind and I need to know the answer, no matter what... Have we met before?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' No, I have no recollection of ever meeting you.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 03.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Haha, I thought so, too... I probably wouldn't have had anything to do with someone of your caliber.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Then why did you ask?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 04.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Well, for some reason, I felt a sense of familiarity when I met you for the first time.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Really?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' A misperception perhaps, or...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 05.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Acting Grand Sage Alhaitham, we've apprehended a suspect!
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 16.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Siraj?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 06.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' No, it's the Kshahrewar researcher who has dealings with him. His name is Narendra.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 narandra 01.ogg}} '''Narendra:''' S&mdash;Acting Sage Alhaitham...?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 narandra 02.ogg}} '''Narendra:''' Wait, uh, can someone please explain what's going on? I admit that I did steal some mechanical components from the lab and sell them, but does something like that really warrant the personal interest of the Acting Grand Sage?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 narandra 03.ogg}} '''Narendra:''' What... What have I gotten myself into? I&mdash;I know I let greed get the best of me, but please, I promise that this won't ever happen again...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 17.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I would like to ask him a few questions.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 07.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Of course.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 18.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Do you know Siraj?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 narandra 04.ogg}} '''Narendra:''' Yeah, that's the name of my buyer. He asked to make the transaction at the tavern, but he never showed up...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 19.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' What were the details of this transaction?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 narandra 05.ogg}} '''Narendra:''' He's doing some kind of experiment that seems to require many power generators and electrical components that can only be found in our project.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 narandra 06.ogg}} '''Narendra:''' He contacted me in private and said that he'd pay a large sum of Mora if I was willing to put some aside for him, under the pretense of them being defective parts.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 narandra 07.ogg}} '''Narendra:''' We had originally agreed to meet at the tavern earlier today to do the trade. I sure didn't expect to get stood up or run into you all...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 08.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Perhaps Siraj was aware that Ilyas might leak information, so he intentionally didn't show up. Whatever the case, it seems that this lead ends here.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 09.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' The good news is regardless of what Siraj was planning, his progress will now be severely hindered by a lack of power generators and electrical components. We still have time to conduct our investigation.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 10.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Do you have any more questions for the suspect?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 20.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' No, he's all yours, but I'd like to borrow Ilyas for a while.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 11.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' Oh, that's fine.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 12.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' We conducted a comprehensive lie detection exam, which showed that he has a genuine case of amnesia. We're not planning to pursue any further breakthroughs on that front.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 13.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' However, I am curious... What do you need him for, exactly?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 21.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I've read some papers regarding amnesia, and I'd like to try restoring his memories.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 aarav 14.ogg}} '''Aarav:''' I see... We'll be returning to the Akademiya, then. I'll leave Ilyas in your care.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 22.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Follow me.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You find the Kshahrewar scholar who's been working with Siraj in the tavern, but Siraj himself is still nowhere to be found. Alhaitham decides to help Ilyas recover his memory...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Alhaitham)<!--no ASTK-->
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Siraj didn't show up at the tavern, and Narendra didn't give us any leads... That means we're stuck!
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alhaitham, are you serious about seeing things through? Paimon's pretty surprised that you're this interested in the case...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 23.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I thought you would've guessed the reason by now.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Paimon has no clue. Hey, do you know?
:{{DIcon}} Do you know Siraj?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 24.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Yes. We were classmates.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh, so that's why you asked to come along when Aarav briefed you on the situation!
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're not here because you're interested in the case itself, but because you know the suspect?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 25.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You couldn't be further from the truth, but I wasn't expecting much from you to begin with.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 26.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' For the time being, all you need to know is that we were once classmates. I became the scribe afterwards, while he continued his academic endeavors.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 27.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' He submitted a thesis one year ago, and the Grand Sage at the time asked for my opinion. I did not approve of it because it committed one of the six cardinal sins by touching upon human evolution.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 28.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' From violating matters regarding human evolution to attempting the forbidden and fearing none, the six cardinal sins are the origin of all evil in this world. They are also what the sages use as a reference when formulating or amending the rules of the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 29.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' My opinion was that Siraj's research was both overly naive and in violation of various core principles. The Grand Sage took some of my suggestions on board and ultimately decided to reject the application.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's why he's buying energy sources and electrical components...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 30.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' He's most likely trying to circumvent the rules and conduct his experiment in secret.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds super suspicious... We gotta stop him!
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ilyas, can you try to remember things again? Maybe something new will pop up.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 05.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I'm sorry, but I've already tried many times. And no matter how hard I try, it feels like everything in my mind is shrouded in a thick mist.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 31.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It is possible for a person to subconsciously forget some of their memories as a defense mechanism against extreme stress.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 32.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' However, these memories aren't truly lost, but merely sealed away. They can be restored with the appropriate stimulus.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 33.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Now, try to recall things you care about. They don't need to be related to this case.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 06.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Actually... I feel like I've forgotten more than just the memories of the time I was kidnapped and experimented on.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 07.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' The kind of person I am, the things I've done... I can remember some things, but I can't recall some others no matter how hard I try.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 08.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' But, I do vaguely remember that there are two things that I have to do, no matter what.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 34.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Do tell.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 09.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' The first is to get my paycheck from the Akademiya and give it to my younger sister in Gandharva Ville.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 10.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I'm not sure about the details... but it seems that I would send money to my younger sister every month to pay for family expenses.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And the second thing? What's the second thing?
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 11.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' ...I can't remember. Sorry, there's just so much I can't recall...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 35.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Not unexpected.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 36.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' However, you're the only one who has seen Siraj and knows the exact location of his cave at present. As such, we'll do everything we can to help you regain your memories.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Losing your memories must be really painful, but don't you worry! We'll help you get them all back!
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 12.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Thank you so much. This feeling... It's more than just pain, but I don't know how to describe it...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 13.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' I have so few memories that I don't even have a clear idea of who I am... And my head's always ringing &mdash; it feels like I could faint at any moment.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 14.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' But amidst all that... It also feels like I've been set free, somehow...
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 15.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Nevertheless, I have you all to thank for bringing me what clarity I do have right now.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 ilyas 16.ogg}} '''Ilyas:''' Now, I do remember that I worked part-time at a place in the Akademiya called the Research Preparation Center. That's also where I got my monthly paycheck.
:{{A|vo ahlq001 3 alhaitham 37.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I see. In that case, let's go and find whoever's in charge there.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fragmented Testimony
|zhs     = 破碎证言
|zhs_rm  = Pòsuì Zhèngyán
|zht     = 破碎證言
|zht_rm  = Pòsuì Zhèngyán
|zh_tl   = Fragmented Testimony
|ja      = バラバラの証言
|ja_rm   = Barabara no Shougen
|ja_tl   = Fragmented Testimony
|ko      = 조각난 증언
|ko_tl   = Fragmented Testimony
|es      = Testimonio fragmentado
|es_tl   = Fragmented Testimony
|fr      = Un témoignage fragmenté
|fr_tl   = A Fragmented Testimony
|ru      = Фрагментарные показания
|ru_tl   = Fragmented Testimony
|th      = คำให้การที่แตกหัก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bằng Chứng Vụn Vỡ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Fragmentierte Zeugnisse
|de_tl   = Fragmented Testimonies
|id      = Serpihan Kesaksian
|id_tl   = Fragment of Testimony
|pt      = Testemunho Fragmentado
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Paramparça İfade
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Testimonianza frammentaria
|it_tl   = Fragmentary Testimony
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[es:Testimonio fragmentado]]
[[pt-br:Testemunho Fragmentado]]
[[vi:Bằng Chứng Vụn Vỡ]]