{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Mondstadt

|affiliation      = Knights of Favonius
|affiliation2     = Gunnhildr Clan
|ancestry         = Gunnhildr Clan <!-- may be redundant since Affiliation but that's another discussion -->
|spouse           = Seamus Pegg
|spouseNote       = formerly
|child            = Jean
|child2           = Barbara
|relative         = Gunnhildr
|relativeNote     = ancestor
|title            = Alder Knight
|title2           = Commander<ref name="Mutual Security">{{Ref/NPC|Phonia|s=Mutual Security Enhancing Simulation}}</ref>
}}
{{Quote|"For Mondstadt, as always" is the Gunnhildr family motto. Every time I use my Vision, I am reminded of my mother and the hopes of the people of Mondstadt.|Jean}}
'''Frederica Gunnhildr''', also known as the '''Alder Knight''',<ref>{{Ref/Outfit|Gunnhildr's Legacy}}</ref> is [[Jean]] and [[Barbara]]'s mother, and a member of [[Mondstadt]]'s [[Gunnhildr Clan]].<ref name="Story1">{{Ref/CS|Jean|1}}</ref> She has been a knight in the [[Knights of Favonius]] for several decades, and was the second-in-command of Grand Master [[Varka]]'s expedition<ref name="Mutual Security" /> until she was sent back to [[Dornman Port]] in Mondstadt with a small group of knights.<ref name="Mother">{{Ref/Mail|Mail/Mother... (2025-03-14)}}</ref>

==Story==
Frederica is a member of the [[Gunnhildr Clan]], [[Mondstadt]]'s oldest family of knights and a proud, venerable lineage.<ref name="Story1" /> She met and fell in love with [[Seamus Pegg]], a famous former adventurer turned the [[Church of Favonius]]' "Cardinal of Daybreak." They married and had two daughters together, [[Jean]] and [[Barbara]]. In time, a rift formed in their marriage and the two parted ways. Jean stayed with Frederica, while Barbara was raised by their father.<ref name="Story5">{{Ref/CS|Jean|5}}</ref> Frederica raised Jean to be the successor of the Gunnhildr Clan using a strict regimen<ref name="Story1" /> and allowed her daughter few frivolities; for Jean's birthday, Frederica would take her on a simple trip to [[Windrise]] instead of holding birthday parties.<ref name="Birthday">{{Ref/Mail|Mail/How Does One Celebrate a Birthday? (2021-03-14)}}</ref>

Frederica is a commander in the Knights of Favonius and has fought on the battlefield for decades. Despite long surpassing the requirements for becoming a Captain, Frederica prefers staying on the front lines.<ref name="Mutual Security" /> She is currently on Varka's expedition with most of the Knights of Favonius,<ref>HoYoLab: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/15058564 With a feather plume as gold as maize, uncharted borders are depicted as clear as day]</ref> serving as Varka's second-in-command.<ref name="Mutual Security" /> During her travels, she discovered a fine sword and mailed it to Jean as a birthday gift.<ref>{{Ref/Mail|Mail/A Catch-Up... (2024-03-14)}}</ref>

During the event ''[[Mutual Security Enhancing Simulation]]'', Knights of Favonius member [[Phonia]] speculated that Frederica will be made Captain of the newly reformed, but currently leaderless, 7th Company once she returned from the expedition.<ref name="Mutual Security" /> After the expedition discovered new information, Frederica was ordered to return to Mondstadt along with several other knights while Varka headed to [[Nod-Krai]] to investigate. She is currently aiding in the defense of [[Dornman Port]]. Being relatively nearby compared to the last several years, she would join Barbara to visit Jean at her office on her oldest's birthday.<ref name="Mother" />

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Frederica Gunnhildr
|zhs     = 芙蕾德莉卡・古恩希尔德
|zhs_rm  = Fúlěidélìkǎ Gǔ'ēnxī'ěrdé
|zht     = 芙蕾德莉卡・古恩希爾德
|zht_rm  = Fúlěidélìkǎ Gǔ'ēnxī'ěrdé
|ja      = フレデリカ・グンヒルド
|ja_rm   = Furederika Gunhirudo
|ko      = 프레데리카<・: >군힐드
|es      = Frederica Gunnhildr
|fr      = Frederica Gunnhildr
|ru      = Фредерика Гуннхильдр
|th      = Frederica Gunnhildr
|vi      = Frederica Gunnhildr
|de      = Frederica Gunnhildr
|id      = Frederica Gunnhildr
|pt      = Frederica Gunnhildr
|tr      = Frederica Gunnhildr
|it      = Frederica Gunnhildr
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[de:Frederica Gunnhildr]]
[[es:Frederica Gunnhildr]]
[[fr:Frederica Gunnhildr]]
[[id:Frederica Gunnhildr]]
[[ja:フレデリカ・グンヒルド]]
[[pt-br:Frederica Gunnhildr]]
[[tr:Frederica Gunnhildr]]