{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Frejus.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Gardes
|title            = Garde

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Frejus''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|The Gardes' Inventor}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
A gadget creator Garde that lies about being a genius and rejecting The Fontaine's Research Institute's invitation three times. Many of his inventions are actually half-way created by Chenee's hints and she finds fun in keeping him busy. Although unaware of this, he saved Chenee's life by catching a bullet for her during a hostage situation.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
He has blue eyes, glasses, and wears the blue uniform of the Gardes.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Event Dialogue==
===Rolling Crossfire===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Frejus:''' So, how are the experiments going?
:{{DIcon}} Not bad.
:{{DIcon}} We're having fun.
:'''Frejus:''' Phew... Glad to hear it.
:{{DIcon}} Do even geniuses worry about their experiments?
:{{DIcon}} I thought you had confidence.
:'''Frejus:''' Haha, it sure would be nice if I really were a genius. To be honest, I'm just an ordinary fellow who's lived an ordinary life for thirty years. There's nothing special about me.
:'''Frejus:''' I would have been more enthusiastic just a few years ago, but I was shot while rescuing hostages, and as a result, I often wake up in pain at night, so I ended up like this.
:'''Frejus:''' Gunshot wounds tend to be very troublesome like that. Fortunately, all the hostages were saved &mdash; that was one of the few highlights of my life.
:{{DIcon}} Why does [[Chenee]] call you a genius, then?
:'''Frejus:''' Oh, uh, about that... I took her and the other newbies out for a party when she first joined... and I might have bragged about my abilities too much while drunk.
:'''Frejus:''' All that "rejected the [[Fontaine Research Institute|Institute]] three times" business... It was I, in truth, who was rejected. I'm no genius, just a normal person who dabbles in little gadgets.
:'''Frejus:''' I didn't expect them to all believe me, and since our patrol work isn't all that interesting, they always pester me with questions when they get bored.
:'''Frejus:''' As such, I've been forced to continue this charade... That said, while my work is nothing compared to the Institute's advanced research, I have constructed quite a few small, useful inventions.
:'''Frejus:''' Of course, I make them out of pocket, but I keep those greenhorns in the dark by saying that they're funded by the higher-ups, which makes them sound more cool. Please keep my secret, if you don't mind.
:{{DIcon}} This will fall through one day, I know.
:'''Frejus:''' Yes, I'm aware. But I imagine their curiosity is limited, and in fact, many people have lost interest &mdash; only Chenee remains.
:'''Frejus:''' Once she too gets bored, I shan't have to continue.
:'''Frejus:''' I'm sure it'll make me feel a little better... and a little disappointed all at once. Such is base humanity, I suppose.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* {{w|Fréjus}} is a commune in Southeastern France.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Frejus
|zhs      = 弗雷瑞斯
|zhs_rm   = Fúléiruìsī
|zht      = 弗雷瑞斯
|zht_rm   = Fúléiruìsī
|ja       = フェルロイス
|ko       = 프레쥐스
|es       = Fréjus
|fr       = Fréjus
|ru       = Фрежюс
|th       = Frejus
|vi       = Frejus
|de       = Fréjus
|id       = Frejus
|pt       = Frejus
|tr       = Frejus
|it       = Frejus
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Frejus]]