{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Freminet
|id             = 368171
|image          = Character Freminet Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Freminet''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining <!-- him/her --> and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Clockwork...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Pers...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} The ocean...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Home...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Silence is bliss...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} ...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I'm here...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo freminet mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' ...
:{{A|vo freminet mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' I'm here.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Mhm.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' ...
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' I mean, uh... Everything here is really nice. And I'm used to it now, so there's no need to worry about me.
::{{DIcon}} It's okay. You don't have to be so polite.
:::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Sorry...
:::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' I'm just worried that if I just say everything on my mind, I might cause unnecessary misunderstandings.
::{{DIcon}} You can tell me how you really feel.
:::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Heh... Are you really sure about that?
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' ...
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' ...Alright, then in that case, I'll do as you ask...
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' To tell you the truth, I&mdash;I'm actually a little homesick.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Even though this place is really comfortable, and the environment here is flawless, I just... can't seem to get used to life here.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' This is nobody's problem but my own, so... Please don't think I'm upset with you, or unsatisfied about anything in this place.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' ...I hope you can forgive me.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to chat?
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Mhm... Please go ahead.
::{{DIcon}} Why don't we talk about Pers?
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' ...Ah, thank you for remembering its name.
::{{DIcon}} Is there a story behind Pers's name?
::{{DIcon}} Why does Pers look the way it does?
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' To explain it... I'll need to tell you a really, really old story I once read in a picture book.
::{{DIcon}} Ooh, I'm listening!
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Mhm... So once upon a time, in a faraway seaside town, there lived a black and white bird.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Since birth, it spoke with a stutter, walked with a wobble, and was unable to fly, so it was always bullied by the other birds.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Until one day, greedy pirates stole a jewel-studded diadem from the underwater palace...
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' In a flash, lightning and thunder engulfed the sea, and a tsunami rose from the depths, threatening to wipe out the entire town...
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' The black-and-white bird tried to leap upwards, but it still couldn't fly... In its recklessness, it crashed against the mast and sank into the ocean alongside the wrecked ship.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' The seabirds flying overhead thought it would drown right then and there, but to their surprise, it began to swim like the swiftest of fish!
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' It swam and swam, until its strength finally gave out. It restored the diadem to its rightful place underwater, and immediately, the storms died down, and it was as if nothing bad had ever happened.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' As you've probably guessed by now... The bird in the story was named Pers. It was a penguin that came to town by accident.
::{{DIcon}} What a wonderful story.
::{{DIcon}} Ah, I didn't know you were friends with a hero!
:::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 12b.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' ...Heh, you're right.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' I've always admired the Pers in the story, but after reading it, what struck me the most was... its loneliness.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' So, I decided to stick close and hug Pers, so we can keep each other warm...

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Hmm... Could I trouble you to accompany me to a few places when you're free?
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' I'd like to visit Lepaute Horlogerie, Beaumont Workshop, and the Vasari Passage.
::{{DIcon}} Sure thing.
::{{DIcon}} Is there anything in particular you're interested in?
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Mhm... I'd like to take a look at their clockwork crafts, as well as the variety of small mechanisms they usually have to offer.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' I'm a regular of Leschots', but whenever I pass by the other shops, I can't help but be curious...
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' What lies hidden deep within those shops? What if there's something there that's both original and exquisitely designed?
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' What I wouldn't give to be able to see everything for myself! If only... *sigh*
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' See, I'm... not very good at dealing with people, and if I spent a lot of time gawking at the wares without paying a single coin, I'm sure the shopkeepers would get mad at me.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' So, if you could step in at that point, and help me...
::{{DIcon}} Explain on your behalf?
:::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 09a.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Yeah... Something like that. I know it's might be awkward, but...
::{{DIcon}} Pay for the wares?
:::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 09b 1.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Eh!? No, no, of course not! That's not what I meant at all...
:::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 09b 2.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Just a few words of explanation... should be enough.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 09b 3.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' I'll pay you back, I swear! As long as it's something I can do...
::{{DIcon}} No problem.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Ahh, thank you so much! I'm... not dreaming, am I?

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Freminet.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Good morning.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' I'm... just going to stay here if you don't have any special assignments.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Freminet.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Good night, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo freminet mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' "May your dreams be as dazzling as the starry night above the ocean, and your dreamless nights be naught but filled with serene respite."
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Undersea Merusea's Luster===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd freminet meruseavillage 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' These buildings and those spherical lamps &mdash; they use this style in Merusea Village, don't they? I recognize them from a picture album.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd freminet meruseavillage 02.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Legends say that the home of the Melusines is a secluded little village deep under the water, far away from the rest of the world &mdash; the kind of village you read about in fairytales. But I've always believed it's real.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd freminet meruseavillage 03.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Um... But please don't tell anyone else I said that. Most people would probably think I'm just being childish...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Continuous Clockwork Inspiration===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd freminet mechworkshop 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' With storage heaters like this, adding an extra layer of heating elements makes them more durable than is usually advertized.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd freminet mechworkshop 02.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' And the motor in this kind of fan is always running at critical velocity, which poses a safety issue...
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd freminet mechworkshop 03.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' ...Sorry! I tend to get carried away when I start talking about this kind of stuff. Um, with your permission, though, I could definitely tweak them so they run a lot better! At least, I&mdash;I think I could...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Fréminet/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Fréminet/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:フレミネ/仲間]]
[[ru:Фремине/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Freminet/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Freminet/Bạn Đồng Hành]]