{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19161
|image         = Hangout Event Fresh Air.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Layla
|actNum        = I
|act           = Ever Silent Stars
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = A Change of Pace
|next          = One Hearty Meal Later
|characters    = Layla; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Fresh Air''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Ever Silent Stars}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the forest
# Talk to Layla
# Follow Layla
# Gather ingredients and give them to Layla
# Talk to Layla
# Collect firewood
#* Enemies present at collecting location: {{Enemy List|Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl*1;Hilichurl*3}}
# Talk to Layla

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Will it make Layla feel better if she puts academics aside and completely relaxes for once?}}

===Fresh Air===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Layla)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916102 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Even the air here feels more relaxing.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916102 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I just wanna forget about the thesis altogether! ...Heh, I'm just kidding. Knowing me, I'd only be able to forget about it for a little while.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916102 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' This doesn't count as trying to avoid my problems, does it?
:{{DIcon}} Your state of mind is just as important as efficiency if you want to solve the problems that you're facing.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916102 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That's quite the legitimate excuse... Hmm, no, it's more of an "explanation." Hah, even I'm starting to get bolder with my words.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916102 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I grew up in a place like this. Looking into the distance now with the breeze in my face makes me feel like a kid again.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916102 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Those were the happiest days...
:{{DIcon}} What did you usually do as a kid?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916102 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm... I had a bunch of friends back then, and we would go pick wild berries in the woods.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916102 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' No matter what ingredients we found, we would cook them over a fire, and whoever lost one of our games would have to eat all of it.
:{{DIcon}} That sounds a little intense...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916102 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' No, it wasn't that bad. It really depended on how lucky you were. Grilled Apples and Sunsettias are actually quite delicious.
:{{DIcon}} Why don't we go find something to grill as well?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916102 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Sure, I haven't done that in ages. Let's go!

;(Follow Layla)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916103 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Apples and Zaytun Peaches were the most popular fruits back then.

:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916103 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' And of course, grilled fish is delicious, too. Oh, fish skin releases oils while cooking, which drip into the fire and cause it to burn even brighter.

:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916103 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But we would always get yelled at by the grown-ups if they caught us sneaking into the river to catch fish.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916103 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' "What's the big deal? We just wanna swim!" That's what we used to say.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916103 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But now that I think about it, it really was quite dangerous. Thank goodness nothing bad ever happened...

;(Gather ingredients and give them to Layla)

;(Using [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] to Layla, optional)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916104 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (I've been getting hungry thinking about food all this time...)

;(Talk to Layla)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916104 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I think we've found enough now, don't you?
;(Submit {{Item|Fresh Apple|x=3}}, {{Item|Plump Harra Fruit|x=3}}, or {{Item|Juicy Zaytun Peach|x=3}})
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916106 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Alright, these should be enough.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916106 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' There's nothing like the smell of fresh ingredients. They already smell delicious.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916106 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'll be here cleaning the ingredients. Can you please fetch some firewood for us?

;(Continue to [[#Like the Old Days|Like the Old Days]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Like the Old Days===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Using [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] to Layla, optional)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916107 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (This is a good spot for a fire. Even if the fire was to spread, it'd be easy to contain.)

;(Talk to Layla)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916107 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'll be here washing the ingredients. Can you please fetch some firewood for us?

;(Collect [[Dry Firewood]] ×3)

;(Talk to Layla)
:'''You make a fire with Layla and enjoy the delicious food.'''

:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Mmm, fresh food is the best. I feel like I've traveled back in time.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' We all used to run around in the woods when we were kids. Trees and mud {{sic|was}} the world we knew best.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It doesn't matter how long I'm away from the forest, I won't ever forget the feeling of running through the trees.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' How about you? Can you relate to that feeling? It's almost like not knowing the world will change or ever expecting it to change.
:{{DIcon}} I'm afraid not. I'm an adventurer, after all.
:{{DIcon}} Although adventurers rarely ever stay in one place, I hope I can experience that feeling one day.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Whatever the case, it's a very warm feeling.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' In the end, I passed the admissions exam, and the life I had led came to an abrupt end.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Later, as I sat in a lecture at the Akademiya, my mind started to wander and I began to think about home. It was then that I realized how long it had been since I went back.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' "Ahh, I can't go back anymore," and other similar thoughts started to come to mind... I guess I'm still not used to being in the Akademiya yet.
:{{DIcon}} There is a purpose for every stage in life.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You're right, so we should let go of the past. I suppose this is also a part of growing up.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But reminiscing about the carefree life of being a kid sure works wonders for the mind...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You start missing those moments once you leave them behind... and that's a part of moving forward.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' From now on, I'd like to cherish every single day of my life... even when it's not the smoothest of rides.
:{{DIcon}} Everything will get better. I know you can do it.
;(Stress Value &minus;1)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hehe, I'll take the compliment.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' A little bit of sugar and a good view really go a long way for relaxation.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 15.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I thought it'd be impossible for me to enjoy something like this. I thought I'd never be able to get my mind off my thesis.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 16.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But now, I feel like I'm fully enjoying myself. It's really great. So, what are we doing next?
:{{DIcon}} Sometimes, you don't need a plan.
:{{DIcon}} It's nice to just stroll around and see what happens.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 17.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You're right. I've been doing research for so long that I'm used to having a certain routine...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916108 layla 18.ogg}} '''Layla:''' A carefree stroll... I like the sound of that.

;(Proceed to [[One Hearty Meal Later]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* There are a total of 4 [[Fresh Apple]]s, 4 [[Plump Harra Fruit]]s and 7 [[Juicy Zaytun Peach]]es to pick up.
* During Like the Old Days, Layla will be sitting beside three fruits you've submitted during Fresh Air. If you start from this step, the combination you've submitted the last time will be used.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fresh Air
|zhs     = 新鲜空气
|zhs_rm  = Xīnxiān Kōngqì
|zht     = 新鮮空氣
|zht_rm  = Xīnxiān Kōngqì
|zh_tl   = Fresh Air
|ja      = 新鮮な空気
|ja_rm   = Shinsen-na Kuuki
|ja_tl   = Fresh Air
|ko      = 신선한 공기
|ko_tl   = Fresh Air
|es      = Aire fresco
|es_tl   = Fresh Air
|fr      = Un peu d'air frais
|fr_tl   = A Bit of Fresh Air
|ru      = Свежий воздух
|ru_tl   = Fresh Air
|th      = อากาศบริสุทธิ์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Không Khí Tươi Mới
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Frische Luft
|de_tl   = Fresh Air
|id      = Udara Segar
|id_tl   = Fresh Air
|pt      = Ar Fresco
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Temiz Hava
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Aria fresca
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}