{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20070; 20071; 20072
|type          = Commission
|npc           = Flora
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|characters    = Flora; Paimon; Traveler
|prev          = Floral Fresh
|prevNote      = If completed without melting the snow piles
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Fresh Flora''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Flora]]
#Head to [[Dragonspine]] to retrieve the packages

#Retrieve the package near the Dragonspine Statue of The Seven
#Retrieve the package beside the body of water
*If hilichurls appear:
*#Defeat the attacking monsters
#<li value=5>Retrieve the package near the cavern
*If flowers are not present:
*#Follow the trail to search for the package
*#Defeat the Treasure Hoarders
#<li value=6>Give the retrieved flowers to Flora
*If you {{not a typo|melt}} the ice pile at any point:
*#Apologize to Flora

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* The player can only retrieve one package. If the package is retrieved from one location, all following locations will not have flowers.
* Enemies in the cavern: {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Scout*2;Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger}}
* These enemies do not drop items, Mora, or experience, and they have higher levels than regular Commission enemies.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|To help [[Flora]] ascertain the effectiveness of putting plants in cold storage, you must head to [[Dragonspine]] once again to retrieve the flowers buried in the snow...}}
{{StubDialogue|missing condition for triggering alternate dialogue from Flora at the end after retrieving the flowers}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Flora)
:'''Flora:''' Here, over here!
:'''Flora:''' Do you still remember the flowers that I asked you to store on Dragonspine?
:'''Flora:''' It's been a day since then, and I'd like to see the results of our cold storage experiment.
:'''Flora:''' Could you help me go up the mountain and bring those flowers back?
:{{DIcon}} No problem.
::'''Flora:''' I'm counting on you, then.  I'll be waiting here, so do come back soon.
:{{DIcon}} Where did I put them, again?
::'''Flora:''' You forgot? You put them {{Color|buzz|beside a Statue of The Seven}}, {{Color|buzz|by a body of water in the mountains}}, and {{Color|buzz|near a cavern}}.
::'''Flora:''' Let me help you mark them on your map again.

===Statue of the Seven===
====Flowers Present====
;(Collect the flowers)
:{{DIcon|Hand}} Retrieve
:'''Paimon:''' That's that, then!  Retrieval complete!
:;(Obtain [[Package of Fresh Flowers]] ×1)
:;(Continue to [[#Flowers Absent 2|The Body of Water: Flowers Absent]])
----
;(Melt the ice pile instead)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Stop rummaging through the snow like that!
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... The container and flowers are ruined.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, we're in trouble now... Best we go back and apologize to Flora...
:;(Skip to [[#Flowers Melted|Returning to Flora: Flowers Melted]])
====Flowers Absent====
;(Interact with the marked location)
:{{DIcon|Hand}} Fumbling Footprints
:'''Paimon:''' The snow around here's all churned up, and the container and flowers are gone...
:'''Paimon:''' Who did this!?
:'''Paimon:''' These flowers are irretrievable. Let's go to the next spot.
:;(Continue to [[#The Body of Water|The Body of Water]])

===The Body of Water===
====Flowers Present====
;(Collect the flowers)
:{{DIcon|Hand}} Retrieve
:'''Paimon:''' That's that, then!  Retrieval complete!
:;(Obtain [[Package of Fresh Flowers]] ×1)
:;(Continue to [[#Flowers Absent 3|The Cavern: Flowers Absent]])
----
;(Melt the ice pile instead)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Stop rummaging through the snow like that!
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... The container and flowers are ruined.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, we're in trouble now... Best we go back and apologize to Flora...
:;(Skip to [[#Flowers Melted|Returning to Flora: Flowers Melted]])
====Flowers Absent====
;(Approach the location by the body of water)
:'''Paimon:''' What's with all the hilichurls? Did they ruin the flowers?

;(After defeating the hilichurls)
:'''Paimon:''' This place is a mess... The flower box is gone. Let's go to the next spot.
:;(Continue to [[#The Cavern|The Cavern]])

===The Cavern===
====Flowers Present====
;(Collect the flowers)
:{{DIcon|Hand}} Retrieve
:'''Paimon:''' That's that, then! Retrieval complete!
:;(Obtain [[Package of Fresh Flowers]] ×1)
:;(Continue to [[#Flowers Collected|Returning to Flora: Flowers Collected]])
----
;(Melt the ice pile instead)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Stop rummaging through the snow like that!
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh... The container and flowers are ruined.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, we're in trouble now... Best we go back and apologize to Flora...
:;(Continue to [[#Flowers Melted|Returning to Flora: Flowers Melted]])
====Flowers Absent====
;(Approach the location near the cavern)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Where did the container we buried here go? Why's it gone?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, there are footprints here, and they lead into that mountain cave...
:'''Paimon:''' Did someone steal the flowers we buried here?  Let's give chase, and quick!

;(Upon entering the cavern)
:'''Paimon:''' Eek, it's the Treasure Hoarders!  Did they take our flowers for some sort of treasure?
:'''Paimon:''' C&mdash;Careful, here they come!  Looks like there's no reasoning with them, either!

;(After defeating the Treasure Hoarders)
:'''Paimon:''' No sign of the container or the flowers around here...
:'''Paimon:''' They must have opened the container before tossing both that and the flowers aside once it became clear that they had no value...
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like only one out of the three containers is still in one piece.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh well, guess we're bringing this one back to Flora, then.
:;(Continue to [[#Flowers Collected|Returning to Flora: Flowers Collected]])

:'''Paimon:''' We only manage to retrieve one!
:'''Paimon:'''Let's return to Flora!

===Returning to Flora===
====Flowers Collected====
;(Talk to Flora)
:'''Flora:''' How are the flowers that we stored away on Dragonspine earlier?
;(If player has collected at least one package from each location, including the package just retrieved, after the last time this dialogue was obtained or if this dialogue has never been obtained)
:{{DIcon}} I have them all here.
::'''Flora:''' All of them? That's great! Here, let me see.
::'''Flora:''' Hehe, not bad at all. Hmm... Looks like this method really does work.
::'''Flora:''' The only problem is that Dragonspine is really far from Mondstadt. I can't be troubling you every time, either. I have to find some other way in future...
::'''Flora:''' Thank you very much, all the same. Here's your compensation, please take it!
<!-- Might have been changed from this, which was reported in June 2021 (above dialogue was obtained September 2021 and July 2022):
Flora: Well, these experiments have produced good results. It seems as though preservation at low temperatures is a viable solution, hehe.
Flora: The only problem is that Dragonspine is really far from Mondstadt. I can't be troubling you every time, either. I have to find some other way in future...
Flora: Thank you very much, all the same. Here's your compensation, please take it!
-->
;(Otherwise)
:{{DIcon}} I only managed to retrieve one of them...
::'''Flora:''' The others couldn't be retrieved?  Um...  Well, alright then.  It is quite hard to predict conditions on that mountain, after all.
::'''Flora:''' But if we only have one, then we can't make any comparisons.  I suppose we'll just have to wait for an opportunity to have another look...
::'''Flora:''' Thank you for taking the trouble, though.  Here, I prepared these as compensation &mdash; I might need to call upon your help in the future as well.

====Flowers Melted====
;(Talk to Flora)
:'''Flora:''' How are the flowers?
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry...
:'''Flora:''' Eh? What happened?
:{{DIcon}} I broke the containers and flowers by accident...
:'''Flora:''' B&mdash;By accident!?
:'''Flora:''' Ugh... I specifically picked those flowers out. You can't find such good flowers just anywhere...
:'''Flora:''' Is Dragonspine so dangerous that even an adventurer like you couldn't keep one container from...
:'''Flora:''' Still, thanks for making that trip for me. Please take these as thanks. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go tend to my flowers.
:'''Flora:''' *sigh* Maybe I should try the method that Sara suggested after all...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fresh Flora
|zhs     = 愿鲜花气息逗留
|zhs_rm  = Yuàn Xiānhuā Qìxí Dòuliú
|zht     = 願鮮花氣息逗留
|zht_rm  = Yuàn Xiānhuā Qìxí Dòuliú
|zh_tl   = May the Fresh Floral Scent Remain
|ja      = 香りが残るように
|ja_rm   = Kaori ga Nokoru You ni
|ja_tl   = May the Fragrance Remain
|ko      = 꽃향기가 남아 있도록
|ko_rm   = Kkotyanggiga Nama Itttorok
|ko_tl   = May the Flower Scent Remain
|es      = La frescura de las flores
|es_tl   = The Freshness of the Flowers
|fr      = La fraîcheur des fleurs
|fr_tl   = The Freshness of the Flowers
|ru      = Свежие цветы
|ru_tl   = Fresh Flowers
|th      = กลิ่นดอกไม้ที่หอมฟุ้ง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Flower's Spreading Fragrance
|vi      = Mong Hương Hoa Vương Vấn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Frische Blüten
|de_tl   = Fresh Blossoms
|id      = Segarnya Bunga
|id_tl   = Fresh Flowers
|pt      = Flores Frescas
|pt_tl   = Fresh Flowers
|tr      = Taze Çiçekler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fiori freschi
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|In Series}}

[[es:La frescura de las flores]]
[[fr:La fraîcheur des fleurs]]
[[ru:Свежие цветы]]