{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12029
|image         = Story Quest Friendship in Writing.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Divina Vulpes Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = The Great Narukami Offering
|character     = Yae Miko
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   =
|prev          = Mysterious Urban Legend
|next          = A Centuries-Long Dream
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*525;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8;The Miraculous Adventures of the Traveler*1
|characters    = Junkichi; Kazumichi; Kuroda; Kyouta; Nakano Shino; Oosuke; Paimon; Satomi; Shigeru; Tetsuo; Traveler; Yae Miko
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Friendship in Writing''''' is the second part of {{Quest|The Great Narukami Offering}}.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Yae Publishing House]]
# Go to the submission event to listen to what the readers like (0/3)
# Go to [[Uyuu Restaurant]] to finish the light novel
# Go to Yae Publishing House to complete the endorsement
# Go to submit the manuscript
# Wait for three days
#* This refers to in-game days. It is enough to wait two days.
# Ask about the sales situation

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|It turns out that [[Katou Youhei|Youhei]] and [[Katou Shingo|Shingo]] had summoned a spirit with the method recorded in "[[A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits]]." [[Yae Miko]] suggests going to the Yae Publishing House to discuss how to respond...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to Yae Publishing House)
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, Miko, we're here. So, what's your plan of action to deal with this rival book?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... Why don't you take a guess?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'll give you a hint. It's to do with the Yae Publishing House.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmmmm... Oh, Paimon knows! Combine the reputation of the Yae Publishing House with the status of Guuji Yae and tell everyone that the incantations in that book are dangerous!
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ooh, wow! Your first guess, and you got it absolutely...
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...wrong.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah&mdash; Aww! ...Wait, seriously? That wasn't it?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits" is the hottest light novel right now. If we did as you suggested, we would effectively be advertising to everyone that the incantations are real.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' In bending over backwards trying to warn everyone about the dangers, all we would accomplish is to create more curious readers ready to try them out. Also, sales for the book would only increase further.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, yeah, that would be pretty catastrophic... Oh! How about we confiscate all the copies?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' *sigh* Leaving aside the issue of the enormous manpower and resources such an operation would require, going to such lengths over a light novel would be extremely disruptive to the lives of Inazumans.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But that means there's nothing we can do...
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well I've been thinking...
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I've read "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits." It has many other good qualities besides the incantations alone.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The book contains many ancient "kaidan" &mdash; or tales of the supernatural &mdash; and is written in a very engaging way. That is why the book has become so popular.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I think we're going to have a difficult time trying to rein in its popularity while it's the only work in its league on the market.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, so you mean...
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That's right. How do you get rid of the next big thing? You replace it with the next next big thing.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So what we're going to do is create Inazuma's newest hit novel.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Smash our rival's sales numbers and win our readers back. That is how Yae Miko wages war!
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Incidentally, this will also be the best way to combat the influence of "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits."
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Miko, so you want us to write a novel?
:{{DIcon}} Can I really do that?
:{{DIcon}} I've never written a novel before.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Heh, well, becoming an accomplished novelist certainly isn't an overnight process. But let's not forget that I am the chief editor of the Yae Publishing House. I have my ways.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I did say this is what "we're" going to do. I trust that the word "teamwork" is in your vocabulary.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Anyway. There's a writers' submission event going on at the moment. Start by talking to readers and finding out what they're into. When you have an idea of what the current trends are, come back and see me.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 1 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'll be at Uyuu Restaurant &mdash; find me there when you're done. I will assemble a team, and we can work while we eat.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Unexpectedly, Yae Miko intends to publish a new light novel to blow the competition out of the water. It might be best to start figuring out what the readers would like...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to the submission event to listen to what the readers like)

;(Read the Submission Event Notice)
:'''Submission Event Notice:''' Yae Publishing House's submission event is in full swing!
:'''Submission Event Notice:''' Unleash your talent! Become the one light novelist to rule them all!

;(Talk to [[Nakano Shino]])
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 nakanoshino 01.ogg}} '''Nakano Shino:''' The Yae Publishing House has held many writers' submission events to date.
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 nakanoshino 02.ogg}} '''Nakano Shino:''' The winner gets a huge amount of publicity. It's been the ticket to fame for a lot of authors! If you've got a good idea for a story, you definitely don't want to miss out!

;(Talk to [[Kyouta]])
:{{color|menu|You ask a reader named Kyouta some questions...}}
:{{A|vo ymlq002 2 kyouta 01.ogg}} '''Kyouta:''' I've been reading light novels for long time now. I'm mainly into big, ambitious fantasy works with an original core concept and good storytelling.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 2 kyouta 02.ogg}} '''Kyouta:''' These days, though, everyone seems to be imitating each other. Most of the time I can guess what the story is about just from the title.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 2 kyouta 03.ogg}} '''Kyouta:''' The only recent book worth mentioning is "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits."
:{{A|vo ymlq002 2 kyouta 04.ogg}} '''Kyouta:''' Not only is it a good story, but the descriptions are really true to life. So much so that I'm almost wondering if maybe the author really has met all those [[youkai]] before.

;(Talk to [[Oosuke]])
:{{color|menu|You ask a reader named Oosuke some questions...}}
:{{A|vo ymlq002 2 oosuke 01.ogg}} '''Oosuke:''' The key to a successful light novel is having good illustrations.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 2 oosuke 02.ogg}} '''Oosuke:''' When to use illustrations, what they should contain, and which artist you should commission for them... These are all key things to bear in mind.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 2 oosuke 03.ogg}} '''Oosuke:''' Good illustrations can make up for bad writing. But on the flip side, a bad illustration can ruin your novel, even if you have the best story in the world.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 2 oosuke 04.ogg}} '''Oosuke:''' There's a saying that light novels are essentially a case of "buy art, get words free." I'd agree with that. Too bad most of the top artists have jam-packed schedules, so it's extremely difficult to commission them...
:{{A|vo ymlq002 2 oosuke 05.ogg}} '''Oosuke:''' The illustrations in "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits" are incredible, but it's unlike any art style I've ever seen before.

;(Talk to [[Tetsuo]])
:{{color|menu|You ask a reader named Tetsuo some questions...}}
:{{A|vo ymlq002 2 tetsuo 01.ogg}} '''Tetsuo:''' I'll be honest. I read light novels for the cheap thrills.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 2 tetsuo 02.ogg}} '''Tetsuo:''' In most traditional stories, the protagonist usually has this long and drawn out character arc, usually involving a process of separation, loss, and ultimately growth and renewed strength. It reads well, and everything, it's just a little slow-paced for me.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 2 tetsuo 03.ogg}} '''Tetsuo:''' By contrast, there's this popular light novel at the moment called "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits," where the protagonist is super strong right from the get-go! That's what I mean by cheap thrills: action-packed right from page one.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 2 tetsuo 04.ogg}} '''Tetsuo:''' The protagonist is a [[Kitsune (Species)|kitsune]] who has not only mastered the secret art of incantations, but also tea ceremony, painting, and calligraphy!

;(After talking to all three readers)
:{{A|vo ymlq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's much more to light novels than Paimon realized... Let's go tell our findings to Yae Miko, {{Traveler}}!
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|With the readers' preferences in hand, it's time to head to Uyuu Restaurant to finish that light novel.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to Uyuu Restaurant to finish the light novel)
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, there you are. Let me introduce the team:
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You've already met [[Junkichi]] and [[Shigeru]].
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Shigeru is an experienced editor and Junkichi is the author he's partnered with. Junkichi's working through a creative lull at the moment, but all his past works have been very popular with young people. He has developed a distinct and enduringly popular style.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' [[Satomi]] is Yae Publishing House's ace in the hole. Her specialty is that she can write all kinds of completely different stories, and all under different pen names. As for what those names are, well, that's a trade secret.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' They will be teaming up with us to collectively create the novel that knocks "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits" off its perch. So? Feeling better about my plan now?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-huh, it definitely makes sense! Hehe.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Now then, tell me what you found out about readers' preferences.
:{{Black Screen|You tell Yae Miko the readers' thoughts.}}
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' All very true. An original core concept, a fast pace, quality illustrations, and lots of action. This is the formula that will guarantee good sales numbers.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' More importantly than that, even though it's a work of fiction, we have to deliver a sense of realism.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon followed pretty much all of that, but there's still one question... what are we actually gonna write about?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' For example, we know we need an original core concept... but how do we come up with one?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe... Before you can answer that question, you have to understand your target audience.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Take "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits," for example. When I read it, all I find is common knowledge to the kitsune. But to the general public, it's bursting with new and interesting ideas. It all comes down to the size of the information gap between author and reader.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As a Traveler, there must be a great many things you know about that are complete unknowns to the people of Inazuma. What is commonplace to you may be fresh and original to them.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh, right! So maybe we can take inspiration from our time in [[Mondstadt]] and [[Liyue]]!
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, but that would make it a completely different genre than "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits"... Uh, is that gonna be a problem?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Not at all. You don't have to worry so much about how to compete with that book. All you have to do is provide some interesting ideas based on your travel experiences.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As long as the core content is interesting, my expert team here will be able to flesh out the details.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! Let's start with chapter one, then. Uh... what are you thinking, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} "Reincarnated in Another World: Encounters with Airborne Emergency Rations"
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 07a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No! No one would ever go for that, no matter how you tried to play it!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 14a.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... Out of a maximum of 10 points, I'd give that a 9!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 14a 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Is there really flying emergency food in other worlds? How does it taste? And how do you cook it?
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 14a 2.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It's a strong opening &mdash; an easy way to grab the readers' attention. Never underestimate the appeal of culinary-oriented subject matter. Food, after all, is a topic that everyone is interested in.
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 07a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey!
:{{DIcon}} "The Work-Shy Bard"
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 07b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see what you've got... "After enrolling in the Mondstadt Academy, I found out that the [[Venti|young man]] sitting next to me in class was a total slacker."
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 07b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "He said he was a bard, had a habit of playing his lyre in class, and always had a bottle of liquor on his person. But his true identity was actually the principal of the academy..."
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 07b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What kind of plot is that!?
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 14b.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... Out of a maximum of 10 points, I'd give that a 9.5!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 14b 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It just goes to show, you have to have an interesting character sitting in the back row by the window.
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 14b 2.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The protagonist is a transfer student, new to the school, whose ordinary life is about to take a wild turn when they meet the ballad-and-alcohol-loving principal. Sounds interesting. Approved!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 07b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon just does not see the appeal...
:{{DIcon}} "The Dragon and the Grand Adventure"
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 07c.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This sounds like a great one!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 07c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see here... "The protagonist arrives in Mondstadt for the first time to the sight of a [[Dvalin|dragon]] flying around and wreaking havoc on the city."
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 07c 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "With the help of some trusty companions, the protagonist successfully defeats the dragon. But then... the dragon suddenly turns into a beautiful young woman..." ...Huh?
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 07c 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Human, let us work together to build a better future! The love story between human and dragon begins today..."
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 07c 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well that was an unexpected development. What happened to the grand adventure!?
::{{DIcon}} "The Grand Adventure" is just the protagonist's name.
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 07c 5.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? But that's so misleading!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 14c.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... Out of a maximum of 10 points, I'd give that a 9!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 14c 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The story certainly goes in an unorthodox direction. And the dragon-girl sounds destined to be a hit character. Approved!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 07c 6.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the heck!
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Good job, little one. You're not only drawing on your own experiences, but it seems you're filtering them through the lens of the kinds of light novels you've read in the past. I think you really understand what we're trying to do here.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Thoughts from the experts? Are we able to work with this general framework to make an interesting story?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 junkichi 01.ogg}} '''Junkichi:''' Yeah, we think it works. I tend to overcomplicate the core concept if I'm not careful, so this deals with that problem.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe. That's good.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Okay, we're done with chapter one. Let's move on to chapter two.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Won't that do for now?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Readers will devour your content a lot more quickly than you'd think. If we don't keep delivering the goods now we've caught their attention, all our hard work so far is in vain.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 20.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hurry, chapter two, let's go. Can't you see that Satomi is waiting?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? What's wrong with you, {{Traveler}}? You don't look so good...
:{{DIcon}} I can't think of any more stories...
:{{DIcon}} My mind's gone blank...
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 21.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' What a pity... I thought your "beginner's luck" would carry you a little further before it came to this. But alas. The time has come prematurely.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Before it came to what? What's happened?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 22.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The bane of our existence: "writer's block." It's your arch-nemesis for life, appearing without warning and inflicting a pain worse than death upon the writer. They sell their souls just to get their muse back.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds awful.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 23.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' When this happens, the best thing you can do is have a bite to eat and take a proper break.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 24.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Boss, get me a plate of Fried Tofu! And get some Kushikatsu for these two. Just the basic kind will do.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 25.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Don't worry, this is my treat.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your treat? Oh, wait a minute. Miko, we'll be getting paid for all the hard work we're doing, right?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 26.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Of course, everyone that takes part in the creative process will be paid.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, cool! Then let's press on, shall we, {{Traveler}}? Don't give up now! For the sake of our paycheck, get your brain going!
:{{DIcon}} Paycheck... hmm, speaking of "Mora"...
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, ooh! Does this mean your inspiration's come back?
:{{DIcon}} "Took a Trip to Liyue, Tour Guide Turned Out to Be Rex Lapis"
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see now... "The protagonist arrives in Liyue and befriends a young man who doesn't have the money to pay for anything. Only later do we find out that this young man is none other than [[Rex Lapis]] himself."
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "With the help of the [[Qixing]] and the protection of the [[Adeptus|adepti]], I am free to roam this vast realm..."
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15a 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, is this the kind of "cheap thrill" that that guy was talking about?
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 27a 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... I give it a 9.8!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 27a 2.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The story is fun and action-packed, with no dark undertones. Also, there are a great many legends about Rex Lapis. I'm sure it will spark the people's curiosity.
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 27a 3.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I, for one, think there's a sizable market for this. Approved.
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15a 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, well... let's just hope Zhongli doesn't mind.
:{{DIcon}} "Rock 'N' Roll Girl!!!"
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "The Liyue Academy has more student clubs than you can shake a stick at, and as the new kid on the block, the protagonist is the one they're all fighting over..."
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "There's the Culinary Club, the Architecture Club, the Funerary Club, even the Coconut Milk Research Club... But in the end, the protagonist chose to join the Rock 'N' Roll Club."
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Taking a chance on their youthful dreams, four newcomers to the academy form a rock 'n' roll band that really begins to take off!"
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15b 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon loves it!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 27b 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... I give it a 9.5!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 27b 2.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' A classic tale of youth and friendship. It never gets old.
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 27b 3.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I especially like the head of the club. Great character design. She really has rock 'n' roll coursing through her veins. I can almost feel the heat from that fire in her soul. Approved!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15b 5.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, yeah!
:{{DIcon}} "I Turned Into a Geovishap Hatchling!"
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "The protagonist awakes to find themselves turned into a [[Geovishap Hatchling]] surrounded by countless adventurers."
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15c 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "But then, the protagonist suddenly discovers that they have a special ability: keep rolling to keep evolving..."
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15c 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "So the protagonist rolled and rolled and rolled, hoping to evolve into the strongest [[Geo]] creature ever!"
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15c 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the protagonist is no longer a human, huh? Good luck retconning that after chapter one!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 27c 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... I give it a 9.5!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 27c 2.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' "Monster evolution" is an increasingly common theme these days. What started out as a rather niche genre has gradually worked its way into the mainstream.
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 27c 3.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' And I wouldn't worry about the continuity issue. All we have to do is explain at the beginning of the work that the protagonist can travel between different worlds. Or just explain it away as a dream.
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15c 5.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, no integrity whatsoever!
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 27c 4.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe... The most important thing is that it's fun. In light novels, as in life, having fun is the most important thing. Wouldn't you agree?
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 15c 6.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm. You do kinda have a point...
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 28.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Great, well, now Satomi can get started on that.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 satomi 01.ogg}} '''Satomi:''' Leave it to me, Lady Yae.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 29.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Let's write about Inazuma in the third chapter, shall we? I can help with this one. We can use the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] or your experience in [[Watatsumi Army|the resistance]], any ideas?
:{{DIcon}} "Stuff This! C'mon, Let's Get Rid of This Vision Hunt Decree!"
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 30a 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Mm, clearly very closely based on your own personal experience, with no major changes at all.
::{{DIcon}} Well, I'm running low on inspiration...
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 30a 2.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That's fine. Since it's something that took place in Inazuma, it might actually be more interesting to readers if it's grounded in the truth.
:{{DIcon}} "Farewell, Literature Hunt Decree!"
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 16b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "The strict Principal [[The Shogun|Raiden]] of the Inazuma Academy decided to confiscate all light novels."
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 16b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "With the help of Lady Kitsune, the protagonist defeats Principal Raiden in an exam before the throne, forcing the principal to abolish the Literature Hunt Decree..."
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 16b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are we absolutely sure we can publish this...?
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 30b.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' We can and we will! I think it's great!
:{{DIcon}} "Starting as a Resistance Soldier"
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 16c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "When the Vision Hunt Decree comes out of nowhere, the protagonist joins the [[Watatsumi Army|resistance]], starting out as an ordinary rank-and-file soldier."
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 16c 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Find out how the protagonist goes on to make great contributions to the war effort, become best friends with the resistance [[Gorou|general]], and get to know the Guuji of the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Faction)|Grand Narukami Shrine]], working together with everyone to finally secure a grand victory for the resistance..."
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 16c 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, it's... surprisingly normal...
::{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 30c.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I think it's rather good. A lot of people still like the classic hero's journey. From ordinary soldier to great leader &mdash; a fresh take on a timeless classic.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 31.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' One thing though &mdash; we'll need to rewrite the part about me giving you the [[Grand Narukami Shrine Omamori|omamori]].
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 32.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Let's change it to: "The mysterious Lady Kitsune teaches the protagonist a spell that can make their wishes come true. The protagonist uses this spell to defeat the Raiden Shogun in battle." That should do the trick.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, so we're really going head-to-head with our rival on this one, huh?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 33.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, I suppose so. Once they're done writing the manuscript, I'll write the passage where the protagonist recites the incantation myself.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are we done, then? Do you really think this will be able to beat "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits"?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 34.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The content is fine. Now we just need to promote it.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 35.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I will contact an artist to make some illustrations &mdash; I'm positive they will be at least as good as those in "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits." We'll also need an endorsement on a paper band around the book. I can get the wonderful [[Ms. Hina]] to write that.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 36.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' She runs a regular Q&A column in "That's Life" magazine. The people of Inazuma absolutely adore her.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 3 yaemiko 37.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You're free to take a break while the creative team is doing their work, but please go by the Yae Publishing House at some point to commission Ms. Hina for that recommendation. Once our light novel is complete, let's meet at the writers' submission event.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You've finished the outline of the light novel. While the authors are rushing the manuscript out, time to go to Yae Publishing House to ask for Ms. Hina's endorsement.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Yae Miko again inside Uyuu Restaurant, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Let me think... What spell does Lady Kitsune teach to the protagonist? ...Ah, I've got it!
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hee-hee, I've got to make sure it sounds suitably mysterious...

;(Talk to Shigeru or Junkichi inside Uyuu Restaurant, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 shigeru 01.ogg}} '''Shigeru:''' Don't worry, this story has a very clear narrative structure. Junkichi will definitely be able to work his magic on the writing front.
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, how did it go with that incantation from "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits"? Did you manage to make a wish in the end?
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 shigeru 02.ogg}} '''Shigeru:''' Nope! On the first day, Junkichi couldn't memorize the incantation, because it was too long. On the second day, he didn't wake up in time, and midnight came and went. Then, on the third day&mdash;
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 junkichi 01.ogg}} '''Junkichi:''' Mr. Shigeru, I thought we agreed not to speak of this?

;(Talk to Satomi inside Uyuu Restaurant, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 satomi 01.ogg}} '''Satomi:''' Hmm... add a little foreshadowing here... callback to the first chapter there &mdash; callback via contrast, that is... plot twist here, obviously. Now, where's the best to explore the central theme...
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, she seems really in the zone. Let's not disturb her.

----
;(Go to Yae Publishing House to complete the endorsement)
:{{Black Screen|You tell [[Kuroda]] about the situation...}}
:{{A|vo ymlq002 4 kuroda 01.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Ms. Hina doesn't usually do endorsements. But since it's Lady Guuji that's asking, we'll see what we can do.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 4 kuroda 02.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' With Ms. Hina getting so popular lately, a lot of people have come to us hoping to do a collaboration.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 4 kuroda 03.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' But Ms. Hina's not interested in any of it. She still prefers to focus all her efforts on replying to readers' letters, and turns down every promotional opportunity she can.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 4 kuroda 04.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Maybe that's why her fans like her so much... Ahem, I'm getting off topic here. Anyway, if we can get that endorsement from Ms. Hina, you'll definitely get an exposure boost at the beginning.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 4 kuroda 05.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' May your light novel sell well, and set a new record for the Yae Publishing House!
:{{A|vo ymlq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll do our best!

;(Talk to Kuroda again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 kuroda 01.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Lady Guuji has an eye for things like this. If she thinks your work is interesting, you can be sure it's destined for success.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Kuroda has agreed to get Ms. Hina to help out. Which is just as well &mdash; it's about time to meet everyone at the submission event location.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go submit the manuscript)

;(Talk to Kyouta)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 kyouta 01.ogg}} '''Kyouta:''' Have you made a submission? Wow, you turned that around pretty quickly! Seems like I'm in for a treat soon, haha!

;(Talk to Oosuke)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 oosuke 01.ogg}} '''Oosuke:''' I'm not buying it unless the illustrations are good.

;(Talk to Tetsuo)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 tetsuo 01.ogg}} '''Tetsuo:''' I've finished "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits" now. I wonder if I'll be able to find another one as good as that?
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 tetsuo 02.ogg}} '''Tetsuo:''' If I can't find anything else to my liking, I guess I'll just have to read "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits" again.

;(Talk to Nakano Shino)
:{{Black Screen|Yae Miko brings the completed light novel...}}
:{{A|vo ymlq002 5 nakanoshino 01.ogg}} '''Nakano Shino:''' Are you sure you'd like to submit this entry? Let me see, "[[The Miraculous Adventures of the Traveler]]," by "Thousand Hands."
:{{A|vo ymlq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a strange pen name... Definitely your doing. Having been around you so much recently, Paimon's slowly starting to understand your unique tastes.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 5 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' What do you mean, "strange"? It took a lot of work by a lot of different people to get this thing finished. Don't you think it's a very descriptive pen name?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 5 nakanoshino 02.ogg}} '''Nakano Shino:''' We'll get this printed as a matter of priority and conduct trial sales in pilot locations throughout Inazuma. I'll announce the sales numbers in three days.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, Paimon's getting a little nervous now. D'you really think this is gonna work, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} We had a top-notch team.
:{{DIcon}} We're all professionals.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 5 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That's right, be confident in your work. That's exactly how a light novelist should be.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 5 nakanoshino 03.ogg}} '''Nakano Shino:''' Okay, then I'll sign you up. Please come back in three days for the results.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 5 nakanoshino 04.ogg}} '''Nakano Shino:''' Thank you all for your submission. I wish you the very best of luck!

;(Talk to Nakano Shino again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 nakanoshino 03.ogg}} '''Nakano Shino:''' After "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits" took off, a whole host of copycat works appeared on the market. But they were such low quality that no one paid them any attention.
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 nakanoshino 04.ogg}} '''Nakano Shino:''' It just goes to show that you should write to your own interests. If you just try and imitate someone else, you'll lose your way.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Having handed in the light novel, the work of many hands hard at work, you wonder how the sales figures will look. Well, looks like there's nothing to do but wait for now.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Wait for three days)

----
;(Ask about the sales situation)
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 nakanoshino 01.ogg}} '''Nakano Shino:''' Ah, you've all finally made it.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 nakanoshino 02.ogg}} '''Nakano Shino:''' Good news, everyone. I just received word that your light novel is flying off the shelves! Multiple sales locations are asking when we'll be printing more copies.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woohoo, that's great!
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 nakanoshino 03.ogg}} '''Nakano Shino:''' This level of success is an amazing accomplishment for a new work. Most new books don't sell 30% of what you've sold.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 nakanoshino 04.ogg}} '''Nakano Shino:''' I have free copies for each of you here, please take them. The payment will follow shortly, and I'll notify you to come and collect it when the time comes.
:{{DIcon}} This is all great, but...
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah! The whole reason why we made this light novel was to combat the influence of "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits."
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, we sold a lot of copies, but it doesn't feel like we accomplished our goal. How do we know whether it worked?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe... Oh, don't worry. The change is already underway.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Shh... listen to what the people around us are talking about. The conversation has already moved on, hasn't it?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 kazumichi 01.ogg}} '''[[Kazumichi]]:''' Hey guys... have you heard about this latest kaidan thing doing the rounds? You just need to recite the incantation from "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits" at midnight, and your wish will come true...
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 kyouta 01.ogg}} '''Kyouta:''' Oh, that? Heh, that's a throwback. That's old news, man.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 kyouta 02.ogg}} '''Kyouta:''' No one's talking about that anymore. "The Secret Spells of Lady Kitsune" is the new hit thing. I've already memorized all the incantations.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 kazumichi 02.ogg}} '''Kazumichi:''' "The Secret Spells of Lady Kitsune"? What's that?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 tetsuo 01.ogg}} '''Tetsuo:''' You haven't read it yet? Okay, so, supposedly, if you recite the spell in there on a moonless night, you'll receive the protection of the kitsune and all the other powerful youkai. They can make any of your wishes come true!
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 tetsuo 02.ogg}} '''Tetsuo:''' I heard that the incantations in "A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits" have weird side effects! This one guy wished for a load of Mora &mdash; and got it &mdash; but then one night, it all turned to leaves and he developed a high fever.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 tetsuo 03.ogg}} '''Tetsuo:''' They actually had to use one of "The Secret Spells of Lady Kitsune" to get rid of the discomfort.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 tetsuo 04.ogg}} '''Tetsuo:''' That proves that the incantations in this book are more potent than the ones everyone was trying before! Pretty much everyone I know is desperate to try it out &mdash; just waiting for a moonless night.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 kazumichi 03.ogg}} '''Kazumichi:''' Really? Well I'd better go and prepare, too...
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well? Feeling less worried now?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you're right. Everyone's shifting focus!
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But what's this "moonless night" that they're talking about?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't remember that detail from the brainstorming session.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, this is something that will become very important to us further down the line. Alright, it's time to move on to the next phase of the plan.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? There's a phase two?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Of course. Behind every book that hits the market lies an author, right?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh, yeah! If we leave him to his own devices, he might just write another guide to summoning spirits.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Also, we still need to figure out what his motive for writing it was!
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Exactly, that's what we need to take care of next. Fortunately, I've already managed to identify the author &mdash; he's a failed light novelist named Tomoyuki.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But when we went to ask him about it, he had no recollection whatsoever of having written the book.
:{{DIcon}} Wait, so does this mean...
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes, this is another case of possession &mdash; only this time, whoever possessed him actively sought him out.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' After his novel submission failed, he was walking aimlessly in [[Araumi]]. In frustration, he shouted out: "Please, someone, anyone! Help me write a truly amazing novel!" After that, he lost consciousness.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But the spirit that wrote the book has already left him now, right? So what are we supposed to do?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Simple. It wrote a summoning incantation in the book, didn't it? So we can just use its own method to make it manifest itself.
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' And you, my little friend, are the perfect candidate for this role. Hehehe...
:{{DIcon}} This sounds very dubious.
:{{DIcon}} Is it too late for me to back out?
:{{A|vo ymlq002 7 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Aww, what are you talking about? The fun's just about to begin.
;(Obtain {{Item|The Miraculous Adventures of the Traveler}})
;(Quest ends)

;(Observe the Submission Event Notice)
:'''Submission Event Notice:''' Current Sales Rankings:
:'''Submission Event Notice:''' Thank you all for your participation! The sales rankings for this round of submissions are as follows&mdash;
:'''Submission Event Notice:''' 1st Place: "The Miraculous Adventures of the Traveler"
:'''Submission Event Notice:''' 2nd Place: "The Coralsong"
:'''Submission Event Notice:''' 3rd Place: "My Superior Is an Idiot"

;(Talk to Nakano, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 nakanoshino 05.ogg}} '''Nakano Shino:''' Wow... I never expected this submission event would uncover such talented authors.
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 nakanoshino 06.ogg}} '''Nakano Shino:''' To make sure you can all deliver your best work, we should fix an issue date for the next volume now.

;(Talk to Kyouta again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 kyouta 02.ogg}} '''Kyouta:''' I don't usually like the kaidan genre, but "The Secret Spells of Lady Kitsune" is an exception.
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 kyouta 03.ogg}} '''Kyouta:''' I'm definitely going to give it a try as soon as we have a moonless night. Here's hoping Lady Kitsune will make my wishes come true...

;(Talk to Oosuke again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 oosuke 02.ogg}} '''Oosuke:''' I bought three copies of this light novel. One to read, one for my collection, and another one to lend out to my friends.
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 oosuke 03.ogg}} '''Oosuke:''' It's worth the price just for the gorgeous illustrations alone!

;(Talk to Tetsuo again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 tetsuo 03.ogg}} '''Tetsuo:''' Honestly, it's a really gripping story. I'm still feeling pumped up!
:{{A|vo dialog ymlq002 tetsuo 04.ogg}} '''Tetsuo:''' I hope the next volume comes out soon... Wait, when is it coming out, actually? Aw man, I hope it won't be a really long wait...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Friendship in Writing
|zhs     = 以文会友
|zhs_rm  = Yǐ Wén Huìyǒu
|zht     = 以文會友
|zht_rm  = Yǐ Wén Huìyǒu
|zh_tl   = Friendship in Writing
|ja      = 文を以て友を会す
|ja_rm   = Bun wo Motte Tomo wo Kaisu
|ja_tl   = To Meet Friends by the Pen
|ko      = 글로 사귄 벗
|ko_tl   = Friend in Writing
|es      = Amistad a punta de pluma
|es_tl   = Friendship at the Tip of the Quill
|fr      = Une amitié de plume
|fr_tl   = A Pen-Friendship
|fr_note = Literally "A Friendship of Feather/Quill," denoting an epistolary relationship.
|ru      = Литературная дружба
|ru_tl   = Literary Friendship
|th      = มิตรภาพผ่านตัวอักษร
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Friendship Through Letters
|th_note = Letters meaning "Letters of the alphabet"
|vi      = {{tt|Hội|會}} {{tt|Văn Chương|文章}}
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schreibfreunde
|de_tl   = Joy of Writing
|id      = Sahabat Pena
|id_tl   = Pen Pal
|pt      = Amizade Literária
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yazılı Arkadaşlık
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un'amicizia di penna
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[de:Schreibfreunde]]
[[es:Amistad a punta de pluma]]