{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11112
|image         = Story Quest Friendships, Wishes, and Regrets.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Papilio Charontis Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away
|character     = Hu Tao
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = In Pursuit of a Phantom
|next          = Perfect Send-Off
|exp           = 500
|mora          = 34,075
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Congzi; Big G; Gou San'er; Hu Tao; Little Wu; Meng; Mumu; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Friendships, Wishes, and Regrets''' is the third part of [[Hu Tao]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Papilio Charontis Chapter]]: Act I - [[Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away]].

==Steps==
# Return to [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] and find out what happened
# Ask [[Little Wu]] for a keepsake
# Find [[Jueyun Chili]] and give it to Little Wu
# Ask [[Mumu]] for a keepsake
#* Obtain [[Luxurious Toybox]]
# Ask [[Congzi]] for a keepsake
# Talk to Warehouse Manager
# Look for a [[Plaustrite Shard]] in the pile of goods
#* Obtain [[Congzi's Plaustrite Shards]]
# Give the Plaustrite Shard to Congzi
#* Obtain [[Nostalgic Jueyun Chili Chicken]] and [[Custom-Made Xiao Lantern]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Meng]] tells you that [[Big G]] is his childhood friend, who died by misadventure. Filled with regret and worry, Meng believes that due to a supernatural turn of events, Big G has become an evil spirit. [[Luocheng]] another superstitious person who believes ghost stories just like Meng, visits the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] seeking an exorcism. However, [[Hu Tao]] knows that the source of the worries is imaginary, so she comes up with an equally make-believe solution and organizes a fake exorcism. Surprisingly, the spirit of Big G appears before your eyes after the ritual.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Returning to Wangsheng Funeral Parlor)
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After all that's happened, Paimon's not even sure what's going on anymore.
:{{DIcon}} I didn't expect to stumble upon Big G just like that either.
:{{DIcon}} So Big G's not an evil spirit?
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Actually, I'm not surprised in the slightest. Remember what I said? There's only so many evil spirits in this world.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' It was a twist of fate that made him leave Wuwang Hill in the first place. Now, for some reason, he can't go back.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This explanation sounds a bit far-fetched to Paimon.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 bigg 01.ogg}} '''Big G:''' Actually... she pretty much summed it up.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ehh!?
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hehe, don't ever question my professional instincts!
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 bigg 02.ogg}} '''Big G:''' I just wanted to check up on my friends. That's why I came to Liyue Harbor.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 bigg 03.ogg}} '''Big G:''' I promise I wasn't up to any mischief! I never wanted to scare anyone!
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 bigg 04.ogg}} '''Big G:''' A few days ago, some people came to Wuwang Hill on a dare. I heard them saying they'd come from Liyue Harbor, so I followed one of them back and ended up here.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Ah, it must've been poor Luocheng that you followed. Maybe he didn't notice you, but he could still feel your presence. Now we know what caused his nightmares.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 bigg 05.ogg}} '''Big G:''' I&mdash;I was discovered?
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Well, I assume so, otherwise he wouldn't have been scared half to death.
:{{DIcon}} Why didn't you come looking for Meng sooner?
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Hu Tao and Meng were searching for you all over the place.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 bigg 06.ogg}} '''Big G:''' Oh, that's because I couldn't find them. It's my first time in Liyue Harbor and I got lost in the city.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Now that you mention it, Big G always had a poor sense of direction. When we were kids, he'd never go down the hill by himself. We always had to lead him.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So all of this was just because you got lost!?
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why didn't you just fly? Like any other ghost or spirit? Don't you think it's much easier to find your way from up above?
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 bigg 07.ogg}} '''Big G:''' I... can't.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 bigg 08.ogg}} '''Big G:''' It's too high for me, I'd get scared.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 meng 02.ogg}} '''Meng:''' That's right, yes! He used to be so afraid of heights that he wouldn't even so much as look down the hill.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 meng 03.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Hahaha, you haven't changed a bit!
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} Good thing they didn't call you "Tall G..."
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 bigg 09.ogg}} '''Big G:''' I knew I wasn't supposed to show myself to the living, and with so many people walking around Liyue Harbor, my only choice was to hide.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 bigg 10.ogg}} '''Big G:''' I wouldn't have found you if it weren't for the Ley Line Monolith's call.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 meng 04.ogg}} '''Meng:''' I'm so relieved that you haven't become an evil spirit...
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Like I said, don't ever doubt my professional instincts. Now, all we have to do is escort this lost child back to Wuwang Hill, and we should be done and dust-to-dusted!
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 meng 05.ogg}} '''Meng:''' But he just said that he wanted to visit his friends. Apart from me, there's also [[Little Wu]], [[Mumu]], and [[Congzi]].
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Well... if that's the case, we can't let him down. We'll ask them all to help us prepare a farewell ceremony for Big G.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Meng and I will escort Big G back to Wuwang Hill. You meet with those three and ask them for keepsakes to symbolize each one of them during the ritual, then come and find us.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They're all friends, can't we just go there all together? Or maybe we can take Big G to them?
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 bigg 11.ogg}} '''Big G:''' Um... That's not a good idea. I don't want to scare them.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hmm, I wouldn't want ordinary folks to become superstitious... The less they know, the better.
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So be careful what you say when you collect the keepsakes!

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are we really going with Hu Tao's plan?
:{{A|vo htlq003 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At least by keeping things low-key, we won't be giving anyone nightmares.
----
;(Talk to Little Wu)
:{{A|vo htlq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Hi... Eh-he... Do you remember us?
:{{A|vo htlq003 2 littlewu 01.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' Ugh, you... Sorry, I won't be needing the funeral parlor's services anytime soon.
:{{DIcon}} Meng told us his story.
:{{DIcon}} Meng said that he's an old friend of yours.
:{{A|vo htlq003 2 littlewu 02.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' Yes, we grew up together. We still keep in touch even now.
:{{A|vo htlq003 2 littlewu 03.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' I don't know why he started working for Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. To be honest, I find their director to be quite peculiar.
:{{A|vo htlq003 2 littlewu 04.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' But he must've had his reasons. He's on his own now after all, and he still can't get over what happened to Big G.
:{{A|vo htlq003 2 littlewu 05.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' Did he tell you about it?
:{{A|vo htlq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, he did. Um, if you could pick one thing to give to Big G as a keepsake, what would you choose?
:{{A|vo htlq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Just, y'know, theoretically speaking. We're just being hypothetical here, definitely not gonna actually go commemorate him or anything...
:{{DIcon}} (That's a little bit on the nose.)
:{{DIcon}} (Typical Paimon...)
:{{A|vo htlq003 2 littlewu 06.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' I...
:{{A|vo htlq003 2 littlewu 07.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' I'd cook something for him. He could eat spicy food like no other. His favorite meal was extra-spicy [[Jueyun Chili Chicken]].
:{{A|vo htlq003 2 littlewu 08.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' I can make it for you if you bring me some [[Jueyun Chili]]s.
:{{A|vo htlq003 2 littlewu 09.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' I'm sure he'd appreciate the flavor of his childhood years. I still use that old recipe.
:{{A|vo htlq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Deal! Just give us a minute!

;(Talk to Little Wu again)
:{{A|vo htlq003 3 littlewu 01.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' Jueyun Chilis are a common sight in Liyue. I can rustle that dish up in no time if you help me find some.
:;(Give Jueyun Chili)
:{{A|vo htlq003 4 littlewu 01.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' Great, this should be enough.
:{{A|vo htlq003 4 littlewu 02.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' I'll get started on the Jueyun Chili Chicken. I guess you've got other folks to track down?
:{{A|vo htlq003 4 littlewu 03.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' When everyone's ready, I'll get the dish over to ya.
:{{A|vo htlq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! See ya later!
:{{A|vo htlq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Uh... How did he know about the others...?)
----
;(Talk to Mumu)
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 mumu 01.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' Ugh... not you again. I told you, I'm not interested in the inner workings of Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Meng told us about you. You're good friends, right?
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 mumu 02.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' That's true, yes. Come to think of it, I remember he did join Wangsheng Funeral Parlor recently.
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 mumu 03.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' It didn't take long for his good friends to figure out why... The Big G incident.
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 mumu 04.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' But I know there's nothing we can say to help him get over it. Letting go of the past is a painful process. I would know...
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 mumu 05.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' So, is Big G the reason you're here to see me?
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How did you know!? We didn't even say anything.
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 mumu 06.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' Haha, I'm a businessman. I've got a sixth sense for this kind of thing!
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 mumu 07.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' Everyone hears the name "Mumu" and thinks I must be dim-witted. I never heard the end of it when I set up shop. But... I'd say I've proved a few people wrong.
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 mumu 08.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' Here, take this. It's a top-of-the-line toy box we all dreamed of owning as kids. Back then, none of us could afford it... We were penniless.
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 mumu 09.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' Today, business is booming. I ended up buying loads of these. It was a dream come true.
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you must be like, super rich...
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 mumu 10.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' Haha... For me, it's a memento of a childhood long gone. Without it, we wouldn't be where we are today.
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 mumu 11.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' So, having found me, I guess you'll be looking for Little Wu and Congzi next?
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mm-hmm! We already saw Little Wu, now we gotta find Congzi.
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 mumu 12.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' I see. If it's Congzi you're after, let's meet at the overpass at Feiyun Slope. It's just above the staircase leading down to the dock.
:{{A|vo htlq003 5 mumu 13.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' I've got an errand to run. I'll come find you as soon as I'm done.
:;(Obtain [[Luxurious Toybox]] ×1)
----
;(Approach Congzi)
:{{A|vo htlq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? You're all here?
:{{A|vo htlq003 6 littlewu 01.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' Reminiscing about old times, thinking back to past events... We've been at it for years.
:{{A|vo htlq003 6 mumu 01.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' Our hometown was completely destroyed in a disaster, so we've got nowhere to go back to. Now, home is wherever friends are.
:{{A|vo htlq003 6 cong 01.ogg}} '''Congzi:''' They've just been telling me you're looking for keepsakes?
:{{A|vo htlq003 6 cong 02.ogg}} '''Congzi:''' I make artisan Xiao Lanterns down by Liyue Harbor. I guess they represent me better than anything.
:{{A|vo htlq003 6 cong 03.ogg}} '''Congzi:''' A few days ago, I bought some quality [[Plaustrite Shard]]s. They're currently all in the warehouse at the dock.
:{{A|vo htlq003 6 cong 04.ogg}}  '''Congzi:''' I've already spoken to the manager. Could I ask you to retrieve them for me?
:{{A|vo htlq003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like you already know what's going on! Be back in a jiffy.

;(Talk to Little Wu, Mumu, or Congzi again)
:{{A|vo dialog htlq003 mumu 01.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' Y'know, I just realized... mine's the only item that's been outright purchased. Yours are both handmade.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq003 littlewu 01.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' But yours is worth a lot more.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq003 cong 01.ogg}} '''Congzi:''' Worth in Mora is not what's important here. These things all played a big part in our childhood.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq003 cong 02.ogg}} '''Congzi:''' They show that we will never forget our promise.
----
;(Talk to Gou San'er)
:{{A|vo htlq003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi, we're here to pick up the Plaustrite Shards for Congzi!
:{{A|vo htlq003 6 gousaner 01.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' ...I think she mentioned it... Yes, here you are in the register. No problem.
:{{A|vo htlq003 6 gousaner 02.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' The Plaustrite Shards are over in that crate there. Please, help yourselves.

;(Talk to Gou San'er again)
:{{A|vo htlq003 6 gousaner 02.ogg}} '''Gou San'er:''' The Plaustrite Shards are over in that crate there. Please, help yourselves.

;(Investigate the spots on the ground)
:{{A|vo htlq003 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Doesn't seem like they're here. Let's look someplace else.

;(Investigate the spot on top of the crates)
:{{A|vo htlq003 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These look like what Congzi was talking about! Let's head back!
:;(Obtain [[Congzi's Plaustrite Shards]] ×1)
----
;(Approach the Little Wu, Mumu, and Congzi)
:{{A|vo htlq003 12 cong 01.ogg}} '''Congzi:''' My thanks to both of you, this looks like great stuff. Please wait a moment, this is the final step.
:'''''Congzi mounts the Plaustrite Shards onto the lantern.'''''
:{{A|vo htlq003 12 cong 02.ogg}} '''Congzi:''' Okay, there we go.
:{{A|vo htlq003 12 cong 03.ogg}} '''Congzi:''' I wrote all five of our names inside the lantern. You know, during the annual [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]], we all release a lantern like this.
:{{A|vo htlq003 12 cong 04.ogg}} '''Congzi:''' No matter what the days may bring, whichever roads we choose to take... While this rite remains observed, each of us remains the same.
:{{A|vo htlq003 12 littlewu 01.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' As for the matter of Big G... The three of us have discussed amongst ourselves and agreed we won't press you on it.
:{{A|vo htlq003 12 mumu 01.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' But if you get the chance, please let him know... we're doing well.
:{{A|vo htlq003 12 mumu 02.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' And that the things we once spoke of, they've all come to pass.
:{{DIcon}} You can count on us.
:{{DIcon}} And I won't press you on "the things you once spoke of."
:{{A|vo htlq003 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thank you, we'll pass it on!
:{{A|vo htlq003 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Big G is lucky to have friends like you!
:;(Obtain [[Custom-Made Xiao Lantern]] ×1 and [[Nostalgic Jueyun Chili Chicken]] ×1)

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo htlq003 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've got everything we need. Let's go to Wuwang Hill and find Hu Tao and the others.

;(Talk to Little Wu, Mumu, or Congzi again)
:{{A|vo dialog htlq003 mumu 02.ogg}} '''Mumu:''' Y'know, I just realized... mine's the only item that's been outright purchased. Yours are both handmade.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq003 littlewu 02.ogg}} '''Little Wu:''' But yours is worth a lot more.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq003 cong 03.ogg}} '''Congzi:''' Worth in Mora is not what's important here. These things all played a big part in our childhood.
:{{A|vo dialog htlq003 cong 04.ogg}} '''Congzi:''' They show that we will never forget our promise.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Friendships, Wishes, and Regrets
|zhs     = 友情，愿望与遗憾
|zhs_rm  = Yǒuqíng, Yuànwàng Yǔ Yíhàn
|zht     = 友情、願望與遺憾
|zht_rm  = Yǒuqíng, Yuànwàng Yǔ Yíhàn
|zh_tl   = Friendships, Wishes, and Regrets
|ja      = 友情、願い、未練
|ja_rm   = Yuujou, Negai, Miren
|ja_tl   = Friendships, Wishes, and Regrets
|ko      = 우정, 소원, 미련
|ko_rm   = Ujeong, Sowon, Miryeon
|ko_tl   = Friendships, Wishes, and Regrets
|es      = Amistad, deseos y arrepentimientos
|es_tl   = Friendship, Wishes, and Regrets
|fr      = Amitié, vœux et regrets
|fr_tl   = Friendship, Wishes, and Regrets
|ru      = Дружба, надежды и сожаления
|ru_tl   = Friendship, Hopes and Regrets
|th      = มิตรภาพ, ความหวังและความเสียใจ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tình bạn, nguyện vọng và tiếc nuối
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Freundschaften, Wünsche und Reue
|de_tl   = Friendships, Wishes and Regret
|id      = Persahabatan, Harapan, dan Penyesalan
|id_tl   = Friendships, Wishes, and Regrets
|pt      = Amizades, Desejos e Arrependimentos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Arkadaşlıklar, Dilekler ve Pişmanlıklar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Amicizie, desideri e rimpianti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[es:Amistad, deseos y arrepentimientos]]