{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!-- NPC Froderock Fronkonsteen.png -->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Most likely killed by [[Jeht]] during ''[[For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...]]''
|region           = Snezhnaya

|affiliation      = Fatui
|title            = Professor

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Froderock Fronkonsteen''' is a subordinate of [[Il Dottore]]'s who is in charge of the [[Fatui]] Desert Expedition Team to the [[Desert of Hadramaveth]].

He is mentioned by his subordinates and in various notes left behind in Fatui camps.

==Profile==
Little is currently known about Froderock, but his interest in the [[Eremite]]s led him to take charge of the expedition team to the Desert of Hadramaveth, where he has performed extensive research on the [[Tanit]] tribe.<ref name="ZoyaReports">Interactable: [[Captain Zoya Snezhevna's Reports]]</ref> He is said to be unable to function without wine.<ref>Interactable: [[Warehouse Inventory Records]]</ref>

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''
-->

==Story==
===Collaboration with the Tanit===
Around the time the Fatui contacted the Tanit regarding a collaboration to find a way into the [[Eternal Oasis]], [[Jeht]] arrived in search of her father [[Jebrael]]'s original tribe following the events of {{Quest|Golden Slumber}}. With her help, [[Babel]] eliminated most of the other Tanit elders and consolidated power for herself, a move which the Fatui observed with ambivalence. Zoya Snezhevna was wary of Babel's actions, particularly as Fatui scouts began disappearing, while Froderock's investigations into the Tanit revealed that they were better-educated than the desertfolk were usually assumed to be.<ref name="ZoyaReports" />

Later, Babel pressured the Fatui into either accepting her new terms or leaving the desert empty-handed, under the threat of cutting off their supplies should they refuse her offer. The Fatui turned their attention from the Eternal Oasis to the Tanit, but it was too late; they were unable to rendezvous with each other and could pose little threat to the Tanit. Froderock, meanwhile, demanded "live specimens" for his unknown research, so his subordinates sought a way to capture a Tanit member for him.<ref name="ZoyaReports" />

===Demise of the Desert Expedition Team===
After the [[Traveler]] assists the Tanit in uncovering the Eternal Oasis &mdash; the Orchard of Pairidaeza, the grave for [[Nabu Malikata]] whom the Tanit worshipped &mdash; and the [[Jinni]] [[Liloupar]] disappears into the ruins of [[Gurabad]], Babel deems them too dangerous for her liking. She decides to pit them against each other, hoping that one would eliminate the other and wear themselves out for her assassins, [[Nayram]] and [[Rezki]], to easily kill.<ref name="Judgment">{{Ref/Quest|For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...}}</ref>

As the first part of her plan, Babel tells Jeht that the Traveler was spotted making deals with the Fatui at a certain location. However, the marked location was actually a pre-arranged Fatui ambush &mdash; Babel negotiated with them for Froderock's live sample, claiming she was willing to lure a "traitor to the tribe" to them. While Zoya was dissatisfied with this arrangement and had no interest in having to deal with the Tanit's internal squabbles, the Fatui had no choice but to take Babel up on her offer. The initial capture goes off without a hitch, and Froderock expresses his excitement about Jeht's health.<ref name="Make Bright">{{Ref/Quest|Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields...}}</ref>

While preparing to move Jeht back to Snezhnaya, the Fatui soldiers accompanying her are caught by surprise when an enraged Jeht breaks through the cage and tears Jophery, the soldier closest to her, into "confetti" using only her bare hands. As she rampaged, the soldiers only barely gathered their wits enough to empty all their paralyzing Electro rounds into her, which even then only managed to render her unconscious. With Jeht's vital signs fluctuating, Ruslan left to find Froderock so he could make her "freshen up again."<ref name="Make Bright" />

This proves to be the Desert Expedition Team's destruction. By the time the Traveler finds her, Jeht is slaughtering the Fatui in a blind fury. One [[Fatui Skirmisher]] fleeing the scene remarks, "Wait... Where is Professor Froderock? He hasn't escaped!?", which another Skirmisher following him responds with "In the cave... It's everywhere! It's everywhere!"<ref name="Judgment" /><ref group="Note">Compare the original Chinese response, which does not specify a subject but is implied to relate back to the previous subject &mdash; namely, Froderock: {{Lang|"Inside the cave... [It/he's] all over the place, all over the place!"|zh=在山洞里...遍地都是，遍地都是！}}</ref> Neither Froderock nor the expedition are mentioned again after that, so it is highly likely that Froderock was killed in Jeht's rampage.

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*Froderock Fronkensteen's name is an allusion to Frederick Frankenstein from ''{{w|Young Frankenstein}}''. Frederick is the grandson of {{w|Victor Frankenstein}}, but dislikes the "mad scientist" connotation that his surname carries and attempts to distance himself from it by insisting that his surname is pronounced "Fronkensteen."

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Froderock Fronkonsteen
|zhs     = 佛罗德洛克・弗朗孔斯汀
|zhs_rm  = Fúluódéluòkè Fúlǎngkǒngsītīng
|zht     = 佛羅德洛克・弗朗孔斯汀
|zht_rm  = Fúluódéluòkè Fúlǎngkǒngsītīng
|ja      = フロドラッカー・フランケンシュタイン
|ko      = 프레드록<・: >프롱큰스틴
|es      = Froderock Fronkonsteen
|fr      = Froderock Fronkonsteen
|ru      = Фродерок Фронконстин
|th      = Froderock Fronkonsteen
|vi      = Froderock Fronkonsteen
|de      = Froderock Fronkonsteen
|id      = Froderock Fronkonsteen
|pt      = Froderock Fronkonsteen
|tr      = Froderock Fronkonsteen
|it      = Froderock Fronkonsteen
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}