{{Chapter Infobox
|image           = From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku Chapter.png
|type            = World
|major           = yes
|region          = Inazuma
|area            = Enkanomiya
}}
'''From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku''' is a [[World Quest]] Series in [[Enkanomiya]], [[Inazuma]].

Requirement: {{Quest|The Still Water's Flow|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}

==List of Quests==
# [[The Entrance to Tokoyo]]
# [[The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent]]
#* [[The Trail of Drake and Serpent]]
#* [[The Heart of Ouroboros]]
#* [[Dreams in the Gaps]]

==Summary==
;The Entrance to Tokoyo
Being transported to Enkanomiya to recover the [[Bloodbranch Coral]] and seeing no sign of civilization, the Traveler and Paimon move forward for further investigation. The pair then find a large construction that appears to be a gate, which then uncovers an entrance going through the cave. The gate leads to another door and this is unlocked with the [[Key of the Moon-Bathed Deep]].

;The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent
The Traveler and Paimon find a ruin where they encounter an individual named [[Enjou]]; he presents himself as "clerical staff" assisting in the trial, explains that Enkanomiya's real name is Byakuyakoku, and the ruin they are in was its library. He details that entering the central tower, called the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]] is the next part of the trial but there is a barrier presently protecting it. The tower is also responsible for the illumination in Byakuyakoku that emulates sunlight; the illuminated phenomenon is called White-night, which separates from the "nether-realm," or Ever-night. The [[Golden Bridle]], Byakuyakoku's national treasure, is needed to break the barrier, and Enjou had discovered the Bridle is at the back of the library. Having obtained it, the Traveler, Paimon and Enjou set off to the Dainichi Mikoshi.

Enjou suddenly requests, at the barrier, that he should break it himself. The three then enter the Dainichi Mikoshi and trigger the central device, causing Ever-night to happen. A "shadow of the past" appears before them. Enjou denotes this as the remnants of a Byakuyakoku person's thoughts, called a [[Shade of Tokoyo]] or a Sinshade. The Sinshade, named [[Aru]] explains that their duty is to explain the next stage of the trial: to restore the "[[Reins of Revival]]," a national treasure that can command the spirits in Ever-night to speak. The Reins comprise of the Golden Bridle and three fragments, each fragment hidden around the Dainichi Mikoshi, those locations being [[The Narrows]], [[The Serpent's Heart]] and the [[Evernight Temple]]. Enjou stays behind at the tower, leaving the Traveler and Paimon to retrieve all the fragments.

The Traveler and Paimon deliver the fragments to Aru, having returned to the Dainichi Mikoshi, which had no sign of Enjou. Aru explains that the Bloodbranch Coral was absorbed by special [[Bathysmal Vishaps]] under the tower, and they had to be defeated. Aru also noted that Enjou left after a while with "displeasure," and warned the pair to be wary of him; he had special "art" that could have caused Aru to disappear, and Aru deduced that he could not be from Watatsumi. Descending under the Dainichi Mikoshi and defeating the Bathysmal Vishaps, the Traveler and Paimon meet Enjou. He explains that he was actually looking for historical records from before the construction of the tower, and that he is also a part of the [[Abyss Order]]. He reveals himself to be an [[Abyss Lector: Fathomless Flames|Abyss Lector]] and battles the Traveler. He leaves them and Paimon alone, accepting his defeat, with a final remark that Paimon may someday betray them. Returning to the surface, the pair hand over the Bloodbranch Coral to [[Tsuyuko]], and warn her that the Abyss Order had infiltrated Enkanomiya. She admits that this is grave news and that [[Sangonomiya Kokomi|Madam Kokomi]] will have to encounter this soon for the [[Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri]].

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku Chapter|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku Chapter Quests}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku
|zhs     = 白夜国晨昏记
|zhs_rm  = Báiyèguó chénhūnjì
|zht     = 白夜國晨昏記
|zht_rm  = Báiyèguó chénhūnjì
|zh_tl   = Twilight in Byakuyakoku
|ja      = 白夜国晨昏記
|ja_rm   = Byakuyakoku shinkoku-ji
|ja_tl   = Twilight in Byakuyakoku
|ko      = 백야국 주야기
|ko_rm   = Baeg-yaguk Juyagi
|ko_tl   = Day and Night in Byakuyakoku
|es      = Alba y crepúsculo en Byakuya
|es_tl   = Dawn and Dusk in Byakuya
|fr      = Jusqu'à l'aube à Byakuyakoku
|fr_tl   = Until Dawn in Byakuyakoku
|ru      = От заката до рассвета в Бякуякоку
|ru_tl   = From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku
|th      = บันทึกสนธยาแห่ง Byakuyakoku
|th_rm   = banthuek sonthaya haeng Byakuyakoku
|th_tl   = Twilight Record of Byakuyakoku
|vi      = Sớm Chiều Nơi Vương Quốc Đêm Trắng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Vom Abendrot zum Morgengrauen in Byakuyakoku
|de_tl   = From the Red Sunset to Dawn in Byakuyakoku
|id      = Dari Senja hingga Fajar di Byakuyakoku
|id_tl   = From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku
|pt      = Alvorecer e Entardecer no Reino de Byakuya
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Byakuyakoku'da Şafaktan Alacakaranlığa
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Dal tramonto all'alba a Byakuyakoku
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

[[es:Alba y crepúsculo en Byakuya]]
[[ja:白夜国晨昏記]]
[[pt-br:Alvorecer e Entardecer no Reino de Byakuya]]
[[ru:От заката до рассвета в Бякуякоку]]
[[vi:Sớm Chiều Nơi Vương Quốc Đêm Trắng]]