{{For|Elemental Reactions in [[Genius Invokation TCG]]|Genius Invokation TCG/Rules#Elemental Reactions}}
{{See also|Elemental Gauge Theory}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Reaction Frozen.png
|caption      = Elements that trigger the Frozen reaction (Hydro and Cryo)
|type         = Elemental Reactions
}}
{{Elemental Reaction Intro|element1=Cryo|element2=Hydro}}

==Duration==
{{Main|Elemental Gauge Theory/Advanced Mechanics#Frozen}}
<div style="overflow-x:auto;">
:<math>\begin{align}
\text{Gauge}_\text{Freeze Aura} &= 2\min(\text{Gauge}_\text{Origin Aura}, \text{Gauge}_\text{Trigger Element})\\
\text{Freeze Duration (Seconds)} &= 2\sqrt{5\times \text{Gauge}_\text{Freeze Aura} \times (1 - \text{Freeze Resistance}_\text{Target}) + 4} - 4
\end{align}</math>
</div>

===Freeze Resistance===
'''Freeze Resistance''' reduces the Freeze Aura's duration. Currently, the following enemies have Freeze Resistance:
* {{Enemy|Abyss Herald: Wicked Torrents}} (While Shielded): '''80%'''
* {{Enemy|Hydro Hypostasis|text=Hydro Hypostasis Summon}} (Revival Phase): '''40%'''
* {{Enemy|Canine Bunshin}}: '''80%'''
* {{Enemy|Consecrated Beast}}: '''50%'''
* Most Land [[Local Legend]]s: '''90%'''

==Shatter==
{{Main|Damage#Transformative Reaction Damage}}
{{See Also|Elemental Gauge Theory/Advanced Mechanics#Frozen}}
'''Shatter''' is triggered when a Frozen target is hit by a [[Blunt Attack|Blunt]] or {{Geo}} attack.

Note that when a Blunt Attack triggers shatter, it will first consume the Freeze Aura based on the attack's [[Poise DMG]]. Shatter will only trigger if there is still leftover Freeze Aura after this consumption has occurred.

Shattered occurs before any elemental damage, potentially preventing some reactions. However, an underlying element can still persist or be reapplied under the Freeze aura, allowing another reaction to occur after Shatter (ex. [[Let the Show Begin]] > [[Frostgnaw]] > [[Starfell Sword]] will remove the freeze through '''Shatter''' then [[Crystallize]] the [[Hydro]] effect underneath). See [[Elemental Gauge Theory/Simultaneous Reaction Priority]] for more information.

{{Transformative Reaction Damage|Shatter}}

==Immunity==
Under some circumstances, targets may become immune to being frozen. On these targets, the Frozen reaction can still be triggered, but the Freeze Aura will not apply and they will not be immobilized.

===Characters===
{| class="wikitable"
! Character !! Condition
|-
| All [[Character]]s || During [[Elemental Burst]] [[i-frames]]
|-
| {{Character|Fischl|20|nobr=1}} || During {{Talent|Midnight Phantasmagoria|20|type=1|nobr=1}}
|-
| {{Character|Mona|20|nobr=1}} || During {{Talent|Mirror Reflection of Doom|20|type=1|nobr=1}} hold i-frames
|-
| {{Character|Wanderer|20|nobr=1}} || During {{Talent|Hanega: Song of the Wind|20|type=1|nobr=1}} activation
|-
| {{Character|Chasca|20|nobr=1}} || During {{Talent|Spirit Reins, Shadow Hunt|20|text=Nightsoul's Blessing|nobr=1}}
|}

===Enemies===
{| class="wikitable"
! Enemy !! Condition
|-
| Most [[Boss]]es || Always
|-
| {{Enemy|Flow-Inverted Wayob Manifestation|text="Chimalli's Shade"|20}} || Shielded
|-
| {{Enemy|Abyss Herald: Frost Fall|20}} || Shielded
|-
| {{Enemy|Consecrated Beast|20}} || During Phagocytic Energy Block attack
|-
| {{Enemy|Cryo Abyss Mage|20}} || Always
|-
| {{Enemy|Cryo Slime|20}} || Always
|-
| {{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard|20}} || Shielded; During charged punch
|-
| {{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire|20}} || Shielded
|-
| {{Enemy|Geovishap|20}} || Cryo converted state
|-
| {{Enemy|Kairagi|20}} || Final Frenzy state
|-
| {{Enemy|Large Cryo Slime|20}} || Always
|-
| {{Enemy|Solitary Suanni|20}} || Always except when performing Lunge and Spirittide Deluge
|-
| {{Enemy|Tainted Hydro Phantasm|20}} || Enraged State
|}

==Environment==
===Water===
In the open world, portions of most bodies of [[water]] can be Frozen by Cryo attacks. Frozen water can be stood on by both characters and enemies. This ice can be [[Melt]]ed instantly and can cause [[Superconduct]] when near [[Electro-Charged]] water or when attacked with Electro.

The Frozen water's duration is determined by the amount of Cryo [[gauge unit]]s that an ability applies. Frozen water duration is calculated as:
:<math>\text{Frozen Water Duration (Seconds)} = \min(\text{Gauge}_\text{Cryo Attack}, 3.2) \times 2.5</math>

Therefore, '''1U''' Cryo attacks freeze water for '''2.5s''', '''2U''' Cryo attacks freeze water for '''5s''', and '''4U''' Cryo attacks (currently exclusive to [[Kaeya]]'s [[Frostgnaw]]) freeze water for '''8s'''.

The [[Cryo Slime]] and [[Cryo Abyss Mage]] apply '''3.2U''' of Cryo to nearby water, also creating ice that lasts for '''8s'''.

===Other Objects===
Certain other entities can also be Frozen. Entities that originate from a character, such as [[Baron Bunny]] and [[Ushi]] from [[Masatsu Zetsugi: Akaushi Burst!]], can be Frozen by applications of Hydro and Cryo that do not come from the player, such as enemy attacks and water. Entities that do not originate from a character can be Frozen by players. However, entities that change state upon receiving damage, such as [[Exploding Barrel]]s and [[Boom Blossom]]s, can only be Frozen without changing state with damageless applications of Hydro and Cryo, such as those of [[Let the Show Begin♪]] and [[Kamisato Art: Senho]].

==Tutorial==
{{See also|Elemental Trial}}
{{Tutorial
|image1 = Tutorial Elemental Trial Frozen 1.png
|text1  = When {{Color|help|Cryo}} meets {{Color|help|Hydro}}, the {{Color|help|Frozen}} reaction is triggered. Frozen beings are rendered immobile.
|image2 = Tutorial Elemental Trial Frozen 2.png
|text2  = Use Hydro attacks in battle to {{Color|help|make opponents Wet}}. Then, switch to a Cryo character and use {{Color|help|Cryo attacks to trigger Frozen}} to control your opponents effectively.
|image3 = Tutorial Elemental Trial Frozen 3.png
}}

==Preview==
{{Preview
|file1=Status Frozen Player
|caption1=A character getting Frozen

|file2=Status Frozen Enemy
|caption2=An enemy getting Frozen

|file3=Status Shattered Enemy
|caption3=An enemy getting Frozen then Shattered
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|1_en      = Frozen
|1_zhs     = 冻结
|1_zhs_rm  = Dòngjié
|1_zht     = 凍結
|1_zht_rm  = Dòngjié
|1_zh_tl   = Freeze
|1_ja      = 凍結
|1_ja_rm   = Touketsu
|1_ja_tl   = Freezing
|1_ko      = 빙결
|1_ko_tl   = Frozen
|1_es      = Congelado
|1_es_tl   = Frozen
|1_fr      = Gel
|1_fr_tl   = Freeze
|1_ru      = Заморозка
|1_ru_tl   = Freezing
|1_th      = แช่แข็ง
|1_th_rm   = Chae Khaeng
|1_th_tl   = Frozen
|1_vi      = Đóng Băng
|1_vi_tl   = Freeze
|1_de      = Gefroren
|1_de_tl   = Frozen
|1_id      = Frozen
|1_pt      = Congelado
|1_pt_tl   = Frozen
|1_tr      = Donma
|1_tr_tl   = Freeze
|1_it      = Congelamento
|1_it_tl   = Freezing

|2_en      = Shatter
|2_zhs     = 碎冰
|2_zhs_rm  = Suìbīng
|2_zht     = 碎冰
|2_zht_rm  = Suìbīng
|2_zh_tl   = 
|2_ja      = 氷砕き
|2_ja_rm   = Koori Kudaki{{Assumed}}
|2_ja_tl   = Ice-Shattering
|2_ko      = 쇄빙
|2_ko_tl   = Ice Break
|2_es      = Rompehielo
|2_es_tl   = Ice Breaker
|2_fr      = Brise-glace
|2_fr_tl   = Ice Break
|2_ru      = Разбит
|2_ru_tl   = Shattered
|2_th      = น้ำแข็งแตก
|2_th_rm   = 
|2_th_tl   = 
|2_vi      = Phá Băng
|2_vi_tl   = 
|2_de      = Eisbrecher
|2_de_tl   = Ice Breaker
|2_id      = Shatter
|2_pt      = Quebrar Gelo
|2_pt_tl   = 
|2_tr      = Tuzla Buz
|2_tr_tl   = Shatter
|2_tr_note = {{tr|tuzla buz etmek}} is a turkish phrase for destroying something beyond repair, like shattering glass.
|2_it      = Rompigelo
|2_it_tl   = Frostbreak
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Element Navbox}}

[[es:Congelación]]
[[ja:凍結]]
[[pl:Zamrożenie]]
[[pt-br:Congelado]]
[[ru:Заморозка]]
[[vi:Đóng Băng]]