{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = Past
|image            = NPC Fujiki.png
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Inazuma Shogunate
|affiliation2     = Shogun's Army
|element          = Cryo
|title            = Samurai
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm9361212|Calvin Joyal]]<ref name="Calvin Joyal VA">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/calvin_joyal/status/1493825128618156033 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Fujiki''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] in [[Raiden Shogun]]'s Story Quest, [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]], Act II: ''[[Transient Dreams]]''.

==Profile==
Fujiki was a yoriki of the [[Inazuma Shogunate]] who likely perished during the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago alongside [[Fukami]] and another yoriki samurai. He was a wielder of a [[Cryo]] [[Vision]].

When the [[Traveler]] and [[Raiden Ei]] were investigating [[rifthounds]] attacking the roots of the [[Sacred Sakura]], they were led to a cave underneath the [[Araumi]] area. When [[The Shogun]] began to resist Ei's control over their body, Fujiki, Fukami and the unnamed yoriki manifested. Seeing their Archon in danger, the three quickly sprung into action and defended her from the rifthounds. After telling the Traveler to bring the Shogun back to [[Inazuma City]], they passed on peacefully.

===Personality===
As with all of Inazuma's people, Fujiki is loyal to the Shogun. He is unfazed by danger in front of him, as he stated that he would not have joined the army if he could not face danger head on. He revered the gods, seeing Visions as gifts from them who had high expectations for those they gave them to.

===Appearance===
Fujiki wears a lavender shitagi, indigo kobakama, and he is barefoot in waraji sandals. His eggplant-colored armor with dark gold accents consists of dou (breastplate) with the Inazuma Shogunate's crest, han-kote (half-armored sleeves), haidate (thigh guards), and sune-ate (greaves). He is also wearing a kabuto (helmet) with the Shogunate's crest and sode (shoulder armor) on his left shoulder. Fujiki carries a katana at his hips on the left side with the blade facing down and his Vision on the right side.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Trivia==
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Fujiki
|zhs     = 藤木
|zhs_rm  = Téngmù
|zht     = 藤木
|zht_rm  = Téngmù
|ja      = 藤木
|ja_rm   = Fujiki
|ko      = 후지키
|ko_rm   = Hujiki
|es      = Fujiki
|fr      = Fujiki
|ru      = Фудзики
|th      = Fujiki
|vi      = Fujiki
|de      = Fujiki
|id      = Fujiki
|pt      = Fujiki
|tr      = Fujiki
|it      = Fujiki
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}