{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = Past
|image            = NPC Fukami.png
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Inazuma Shogunate
|affiliation2     = Shogun's Army
|element          = Electro
|title            = Samurai
|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm13407037|Henry Schrader]]<ref name="Henry Schrader">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/HenrySchraderVO/status/1494004640962203649 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Fukami''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] in [[Raiden Shogun]]'s Story Quest, [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]], Act II: ''[[Transient Dreams]]''.

==Profile==
Fukami was a yoriki of the [[Inazuma Shogunate]] who likely perished during the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago alongside [[Fujiki]] and another yoriki samurai. He was a wielder of an [[Electro]] [[Vision]].

When the [[Traveler]] and [[Raiden Ei]] were investigating [[rifthounds]] attacking the roots of the [[Sacred Sakura]], they were led to a cave underneath the [[Araumi]] area. When [[The Shogun]] began to resist Ei's control over their body, Fujiki, Fukami and the unnamed yoriki manifested. Seeing their Archon in danger, the three quickly sprung into action and defended her from the rifthounds. After telling the Traveler to bring the Shogun back to [[Inazuma City]], they passed on peacefully.

===Personality===
As with all of all of Inazuma's people, Fukami is a loyal follower of the Shogun.

===Appearance===
Fukami wears a lavender shitagi, indigo kobakama, and he is barefoot in waraji sandals. His eggplant-colored armor with dark gold accents consists of dou (breastplate) with the Inazuma Shogunate's crest, han-kote (half-armored sleeves), haidate (thigh guards), and sune-ate (greaves). He is also wearing sode (shoulder armor) on his left shoulder. Fukami carries a katana at his hips on the left side with the blade facing down and his [[Vision]] on the right side.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quest Appearances}}
<!--
==Trivia==
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Fukami
|zhs     = 深见
|zhs_rm  = Shēnjiàn
|zht     = 深見
|zht_rm  = Shēnjiàn
|ja      = 深見
|ja_rm   = Fukami
|ko      = 후카미
|ko_rm   = Hukami
|es      = Fukami
|fr      = Fukami
|ru      = Фуками
|th      = Fukami
|vi      = Fukami
|de      = Fukami
|id      = Fukami
|pt      = Fukami
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}