{{Stub|Update Musoujin Gorge version with 2.7 lineup}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id             = 
|type           = Commission
|image          = Commission Full Speed Ahead.png
|caption        = Sea of Clouds version
|summary        = Complete the trial; reach the destination within the allotted time.
|startLocation  = [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]]
|startLocation2 = [[Windwail Highland]], Mondstadt
|startLocation3 = [[Mt. Tianheng]], [[Liyue]]
|startLocation4 = [[Sea of Clouds]], Liyue
|startLocation5 = [[Kamisato Estate]], [[Inazuma]]
|startLocation6 = [[Musoujin Gorge]], Inazuma
|startLocation7 = [[Narukami Island]], Inazuma
|startLocation8 = [[Tatarasuna]], Inazuma
|startLocation9 = [[Watatsumi Island]], Inazuma
|other          = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters     = Traveler
}}

'''Full Speed Ahead''' is a basic daily [[commission]] in Teyvat.

==Steps==
{{Quest Description|Reach the destination within the time limit. Defeating opponents will extend your remaining time slightly.}}
#Reach the destination within the time limit (0/1).
#*Additional time will be gained after each kill.

==Notes==
*Stand on the [[Pressure Plate]] to start the challenge.
*Some versions will have [[Wind Currents]] and [[Anemo Ring]]s. Some Inazuma variants will have [[Thunder Sphere]]s and [[Electrograna]].
*Like [[Straight to the Heart]], some versions of this commission will not require any enemies to be killed if fast enough. The slimes are also weaker.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Enemies==
*At certain milestones, you must defeat the [[Slimes]] to proceed. Each kill adds 8 seconds.
**'''Windwail Highland (''70 seconds/1:10m''):'''<br />3 Pyro → 2 Hydro + 2 Electro → 3 Cryo → 2 Electro + 2 Geo
**'''Mt. Tianheng (''90 seconds/1:30m''):'''<br />3 Anemo → 3 Pyro → 3 Geo + 3 Electro → 3 Hydro → 3 Electro + 1 Large Electro
**'''Sea of Clouds (''90 seconds/1:30m''):'''<br />3 Pyro → 3 Electro → 3 Cryo → 3 Geo → 3 Cryo

*Each kill adds 5 seconds for the following:
**'''Dragonspine (''75 seconds/1:15m''):'''<br />3 Cryo → 3 Electro → 3 Geo → 1 Electro + 1 Cryo + 1 Geo

*Each kill adds 10 seconds for the following:
**'''Tatarasuna (''60 seconds/1:00m''):'''<br />1 Large Pyro + 1 Large Electro → 2 Large Pyro → 2 Large Electro + 1 Mutant Electro

*Each kill adds 15 seconds for the following:
**'''Musoujin Gorge<!-- as of 2.6--> (''90 seconds/1:30m''):'''<br />3 Pyro → 3 Electro → 3 Cryo

*Some versions are similar to Straight to the Heart. Each kill adds 5 seconds.
**'''Narukami Island / Kamisato Estate (''30 seconds''):'''<br />3 Pyro → 3 Electro → 3 Geo → 3 Electro → 2 Electro + 1 Pyro → 1 Large Cryo + 1 Large Hydro
**'''Watatsumi Island (''1:00m''):''' starts around [[Bourou Village]]<br />3 Cryo → 3 Hydro → 3 Geo → 3 Pyro → 2 Large Anemo

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Full Speed Ahead
|zhs     = 极速前进
|zhs_rm  = Jísù Qiánjìn
|zht     = 極速前進
|zht_rm  = Jísù Qiánjìn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 全速前進
|ja_rm   = Zensoku Zenshin
|ja_tl   = Full Speed Ahead
|ko      = 빠른 전진
|ko_rm   = Ppareun Jeonjin
|ko_tl   = Fast Move Forward
|es      = Avanzando rápidamente
|es_tl   = Moving Forward Fast
|fr      = Course contre le temps
|fr_tl   = Race Against Time
|ru      = Полный вперёд!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ก้าวไปให้เร็วทะลุพิกัด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Step Quickly to Break Limits
|vi      = Tiến nhanh lên trước
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Volle Kraft voraus
|de_tl   = Full Power Ahead
|id      = Maju dengan Kecepatan Penuh
|id_tl   = Go with Full Speed
|pt      = A Toda Velocidade
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Basic}}

[[es:Avanzando rápidamente]]
[[pt-br:A Toda Velocidade]]
[[fr:Course contre le temps]]