{{Event Tabs}}

==Proposal & Gathering==
===The Culling of the Worms: Proposal===
{{Transclude|The Culling of the Worms: Proposal|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

===Proposal & Gathering===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After starting the challenge)
:'''Paimon:''' {{tx}}
<!-- I think there is no dialogue during this combat but I'm not very sure. -->
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Culling of the Worms: Gathering===
{{Transclude|The Culling of the Worms: Gathering|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Introduction & Testing==
===The Culling of the Worms: Introduction===
{{Transclude|The Culling of the Worms: Introduction|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

===Introduction & Testing===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After starting the challenge)
:'''Paimon:''' Ahh! This sandstorm came out of nowhere... We aren't in danger, are we?

;(Before Wenut appears)
:'''Paimon:''' Aaahhh! Wenut!
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Culling of the Worms: Testing===
{{Transclude|The Culling of the Worms: Testing|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Body & Demonstration==
===The Culling of the Worms: Body===
{{Transclude|The Culling of the Worms: Body|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

===Body & Demonstration===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After starting the challenge)
:'''Paimon:''' {{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Culling of the Worms: Demonstration===
{{Transclude|The Culling of the Worms: Demonstration|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Conclusion & Presentation==
===The Culling of the Worms: Conclusion===
{{Transclude|The Culling of the Worms: Conclusion|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

===Conclusion & Presentation===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After starting the challenge)
:'''Paimon:''' {{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Culling of the Worms: Presentation===
{{Transclude|The Culling of the Worms: Presentation|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==The Culling of the Worms: Ending==
{{Transclude|The Culling of the Worms: Ending|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Post-Quest Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Shriya at Puspa Cafe)
:'''Shriya:''' That idiot...! Who even comes to a café just to write reports!?
:{{DIcon}} Why are you here by yourself?
:{{DIcon}} Where did Vinayak hop off to?
:'''Shriya:''' Ugh, let's not talk about that half-witted gearhead! The sun must've baked my brains out for me to have believed that he'd seen the light!
:'''Shriya:''' The last time we agreed to meet at a café, I spent half a day to get ready, and even changed into a brand new set of clothes...
:'''Shriya:''' And the first thing he said when he saw me was "Did you bring the materials and writing tools?"
:'''Shriya:''' Argh! He should just... stay with his precious machines forever! They'll keep him company, I'm sure!
{{Dialogue End}}

[[pt-br:Tempestade Fulminante/História]]
[[ru:Неистовая песчаная буря/История]]