{{Item Infobox
|id           = 100957
|type         = Quest Items
|rarity       = 5
|source1      = [[Duel Before the Throne]] quest reward
|description  = A trophy obtained from defeating Signora, Eighth of the Fatui Harbingers.<br />The Fatui often face the world from behind their masks, and it is said that this is because all they once were mean nothing once they become Fatui, and thus must they forsake their true names and face alike.
}}
'''Funerary Mask''' is a quest item obtained after completing the [[Archon Quests]] Chapter II, Act 3 quest "[[Duel Before the Throne]]". Currently, this item has no use.

==Description==
A trophy obtained from defeating [[Signora]], Eighth of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers|Fatui Harbingers]].

[[Fatui|The Fatui]] often face the world from behind their masks, and it is said that this is because all they once were mean nothing once they become [[Fatui]], and thus must they forsake their true names and face alike.

&mdash;Yet the act of giving up all that makes up an "I" &mdash; one's past and the bonds that come with it &mdash; is no mean feat. Perhaps it is fair to say that only those who possess an obsession close to or even exceeding the level of delusion might be willing to join this group that so rebels against the [[Heavenly Principles]], binding their remaining days to their [[Delusion]]s and burning as brightly as stars. ...Of course, many within the [[Fatui]] are simply consumed by power and are simple sadists &mdash; nor are these states necessary in conflict.

The woman whose real name was [[Rosalyne-Kruzchka Lohefalter]] may have once led a more innocent, naive existence. But that was before her eyes were filled with a raging fire, and her innocent days were burned away. Before the icy [[Delusion]] extinguished the flaming tongues that ever gnawed her. Before the frozen might that protected her was shattered by the [[Traveler|eternal outlander]], unbound yet no less determined than she was, causing the flames to burst forth once more...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Funerary Mask
|zhs     = 戴丧面具
|zhs_rm  = Dài Sàng Miànjù
|zht     = 戴喪面具
|zht_rm  = Dài Sàng Miànjù
|ja      = 弔いの仮面
|ja_rm   = Tomurai no Kamen
|ko      = 장례의 가면
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Máscara funeraria
|fr      = Masque funéraire
|ru      = Погребальная маска
|th      = Funerary Mask
|vi      = Mặt Nạ Chết Chóc
|de      = Bestattungsmaske
|id      = Topeng Pemakaman
|pt      = Máscara Funerária
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[es:Máscara funeraria]]