{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74508
|image         = Event Quest Fungi Are Not Tidalga!.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta
|requirement   = Complete the stage [[Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta#Lil' Fantasy, Maguu Battle!|Lil' Fantasy, Maguu Battle!]].
|characters    = Enghiene; Haniyyah; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Quartier Lyonnais]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Quartier Lyonnais
|prev          = Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta!
|next          = A Clash Between the First and the Latest!
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Fungi Are Not Tidalga!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the two people at the stall
# Wait till 6:00 &ndash; 12:00 the next day

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After Turenna's departure, the event welcomes another special Melusine player...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Haniyyah)
:{{Black Screen|After a while, you and Paimon arrive at the Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta booth...}}
:'''Enghiene:''' Mmm! I love these soft, bouncy, smooth, squishy Fungi! Hehe, I want to keep playing!
:{{DIcon}} And you are...
:'''Enghiene:''' I'm [[Enghiene]], and I was [[Turenna]]'s drillmaster before she entered the [[Special Patrol]]!
:'''Enghiene:''' I'm nothing like her, you hear? Nothing! I'm not going to grovel before you just because you're Super Zenith Boss-Level Forces!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, so this super arrogant [[Melusine]]... used to be Turenna's drillmaster?
:'''Haniyyah:''' Don't worry, Golden Comet, Silver Companion!
:'''Haniyyah:''' Ms. Turenna received new orders not long ago, and has returned to the Special Patrol's base.
:'''Haniyyah:''' Before departing, she asked Ms. Enghiene to watch the event area in her place.
:'''Haniyyah:''' She loves Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta, and we're always playing it.
:'''Enghiene:''' That's right! I love both the tabletop game, and those round Fungi in real life!
:'''Enghiene:''' They're soft, bouncy, smooth, and squishy... just like [[Tidalga]]... Hehehe...
:{{DIcon}} Why are you drooling?
:{{DIcon}} You can't eat them! No eating Fungi!
:'''Enghiene:''' I won't! I just want to hold them and rub my face against them. [[Haniyyah]] didn't mind when I pinched [[Kindlejoy]]!
:'''Paimon:''' That's... That's the most you can do! Only we can hold [[Bongo-Head]]!
:'''Enghiene:''' You're so stingy! I want them both!
:'''Enghiene:''' Haniyyah said you're experts at the game. How about a round against me?
:'''Enghiene:''' If I win, I'm going to hold and pinch Bongo-Head!
:'''Paimon:''' Grr, she's looking down on us!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's do this, {{Traveler}}! As early adopters of the game, we need to show her what we're made of!
:{{DIcon}} We're also the first champions of the Nilotpala Cup!
:{{DIcon}} And the Twin Stars of Brilliant Valor!
:'''Paimon:''' We didn't earn these titles just to be this easily defeated!
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Fungi Are Not Tidalga!
|zhs     = 蕈兽可不是汐藻！
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 蕈獸才不是汐藻！
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = キノコンはタイダルガじゃない！
|ja_rm   = Kinokon wa Taidaruga ja Nai!
|ja_tl   = Fungi Are Not Tidalga!
|ko      = 버섯몬은 돌말이 아니야!
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ¡Los Hongos no son marealgas!
|es_tl   = Fungi Are Not Tidalga!
|fr      = Les Fongus ne sont pas des maréalgues !
|fr_tl   = Fungi Are Not Tidalga!
|ru      = Плесенники тебе не тидалья!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Fungus ไม่ใช่ Tidalga นะ!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nấm Quỷ Không Phải Tidalga!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Pilzbestien sind keine Gezeitenalgen!
|de_tl   = {{Lex|Fungi|de}} are not {{Lex|Tidalga|de}}!
|id      = Fungus bukan Tidalga!
|id_tl   = Fungi Are Not Tidalga!
|pt      = Os Cogumelos Não São Maralgas!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Mantarlar Tidalga Değildir Bir Kere!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = I Miconoidi non sono Alghemarea!
|it_tl   = The {{Lex|Fungi|it}} Are Not Tidalga!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

[[pt-br:Os Cogumelos Não São Maralgas!]]
[[ru:Плесенники тебе не тидалья!]]