{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70539
|image         = <!-- Event Quest Furball Fortress's Frightful Fix.png -->
|type          = World
|event_name    = Feline Fortress Furrdyssey
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Rosaria; Snowball; Traveler; Valerina
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|poi           = Furball Fortress
|subarea       = 
|prev          = 
|next          = Bulle Fruit-Hued Interloper!
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*3
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Feline Fortress Furrdyssey]] Event.
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Furball Fortress's Frightful Fix!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Feline Fortress Furrdyssey]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to [[The Cat's Tail]] entrance
# Go to the [[Furball Fortress]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Your recent travels have seen you and Paimon encounter all manner of strange creatures, but in light of various factors, Paimon would still like to have some fun with cats.<br>As such, you intend to return to Mondstadt and drop by The Cat's Tail...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon obtaining quest)
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, you know... We've encountered a lot of interesting animals lately!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But they're not exactly the types of animals you can play with. They're either super big or super... wet. Anyway, Paimon wants to play with something small, cute, and cuddly. Ooh, like a cat!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How about we head to The Cat's Tail in Mondstadt and have a look around, {{Traveler}}?

;(Approach The Cat's Tail)
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like [[Margaret]] is talking with those two people over there.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, is that Rosaria? Huh, she's standing next to an Adventurer Paimon doesn't recognize.
:{{DIcon}} Think she's also here to play with some cats?
:{{DIcon}} Think she's also here to play some cards?
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Say no more, Valerina. I'll continue to help you out, just as [[Victoria]] requested.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 rosaria 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Look after the cats, check up on their health, give them a bath... These are all things well within my capabilities.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 valerina 01.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' That doesn't solve our biggest problem, though, Miss Rosaria! The cats have been so anxious. If we can't get them to trust us...
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 valerina 02.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' They're sure to get sick from all the anxiety. We just opened, and the "Furball Fortress" is already about to go under!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 rosaria 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Well, panicking certainly isn't going to solve the problem. The fact is, neither of us has a way with cats. That's not something I can change.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi, Rosaria! And hello to you too, Miss Adventurer!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like you are all really worried about something.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 valerina 03.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' Our cat saviors! They've appeared already!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh... "Saviors"? Seems a bit sudden considering we just met...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a title we'll have to live up to!
:{{DIcon}} I smell a commission coming!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 valerina 04.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' I'll try to keep it short. My name's Valerina, and I really like small animals. Recently, I've been trying to set up a shelter for stray cats. I call it the "Furball Fortress."
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 valerina 05.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' I thought it would be a good way to rescue those poor animals that have nowhere to go. Plus, getting them off the streets will improve the overall environment and look of the city. It's a win-win!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 valerina 06.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' The sisters over at the [[Church of Favonius|Church]] heard about my plans, and sent over the kindly Miss Rosaria to help.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 rosaria 04.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I wouldn't exactly describe myself as "kindly." I just accepted the assignment from Victoria. After all, I was the only one with any knowledge of medicine, or the spare time to help.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, it seems like you've got quite the plan, Valerina. Thanks for bringing us up to speed!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what had you so worried just now? Are you short on Mora? Are you missing something you need?
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 valerina 07.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' No, I've got more than enough Mora. The funds, the location, the supplies, all the various procedures... They've all been settled!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 valerina 08.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' The main problem is, um... The cats... They, uh, keep swatting at me.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 valerina 09.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' They're always hissing and swatting... They won't let me approach them, not even with treats.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 rosaria 05.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' The cats are afraid of me as well. They run away the minute I'm in the vicinity.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon has heard something like this before. There's something about certain people that just makes cats afraid...
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, a kind-hearted cat rescuer who doesn't get along with cats... Seems like just visiting The Cat's Tail would be enough to leave you flustered, let alone running your own cat shelter...
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 valerina 10.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' That's why we consulted an expert! But, Miss Margaret wasn't able to offer a solution to our problem. She's short on workers, so she couldn't spare anyone to help us either...
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 valerina 11.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' She did give us one piece of advice, though &mdash; to enlist the help of the Honorary Knight and their trusty Helper in White!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 valerina 12.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' We had just wrapped up our conversation, and the next thing we knew, you two appeared before us like saviors sent by Lord [[Barbatos]] himself!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon's not sure how much Lord Barbatos would know about taking care of cats... But that aside, we've never even worked at a shelter before, but somehow we've been turned into the saviors of the entire operation...
:{{DIcon}} It's perfect timing, though, no?
:{{DIcon}} We were just talking about playing with cats.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that's true! Even if Paimon has no experience working at a shelter, she's confident she can get on their good side just fine!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Like, that's all we need to do here, right? We just need to show Valerina and Rosaria how to get friendly with the cats, and everything else should fall into line!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 rosaria 06.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Feel free to focus your efforts on Valerina. Just call me if any of the cats need medical attention.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 rosaria 07.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Hmm, if you all can keep the shelter running with minimal effort on my part...
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 rosaria 08.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' This errand might turn out to be a good use of my time after all. It's better than church activities, in any case.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, so that's why you agreed to help. You just wanted to shirk your church duties...
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 2 valerina 13.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' Well, I guess I should show you around first. Follow me, you two. Let's make our way to the "Furball Fortress"!

;(Enter the Furball Fortress)
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's just a regular house. Gotta say, Paimon was expecting something a little bigger with "Fortress" in the name and everything.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 valerina 01.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' This was the biggest space I could find in the city over the past few weeks. The rent is cheap, so that's a plus. A half a year's worth of rent along with all the Cat's Tail-inspired furnishings only cost me a few million Mora.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 valerina 02.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' Of course, not all of the cats will be staying indefinitely. We plan to offer some of the healthy ones up for adoption. As long as the new future owners prove capable and the cat seems like a good fit, they're welcome to take their new pet back to a loving home!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 valerina 03.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' This location is definitely good enough. We could even expand the business one day and start sheltering stray dogs, foxes, or even squirrels! When that day comes, though, I'll probably have to think of a different name. Hmm, maybe the "Furball and Friends Fortress" would be a better fit, haha.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I would suggest letting all of this play out first. You still don't know if the customers will even get along with the strays.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Look over there! That cat is staring at us...
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 valerina 04.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' Oh, it's the little white cat! She's super afraid of people. She ran away when we tried to give her a bath. It took us forever to track her down again.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She looks so soft and clean, and her fur is so white and fluffy, just like fresh fallen snow. Wait, that's perfect! We should call her "[[Snowball]]"!
:{{DIcon}} "Tofu" would also be a good fit!
:{{DIcon}} "Pudding" isn't a bad choice either!
:'''Snowball:''' Meow~ meow~!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Those are also some good names, {{Traveler}}, but Paimon thinks she likes "Snowball" best!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here, kitty kitty. That's it, Snowball! Good kitty. That's a good kitty...
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 valerina 05.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' I&mdash;It's been, what, a minute? And you already got the cat to listen to you! Did you see that, Miss Rosaria? She's practically a miracle worker! You really are a cat whisperer...
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That was nothing! They may be strays, but as long as you give them a good name and call on them with love, you're sure to gain their trust eventually!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' First things first, though, you gotta pay attention to the way you interact with them. Hmm, how should Paimon put it... Basically, it all comes down to your demeanor!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' For example, you can't just stand there trembling in fear, Valerina. If you're afraid, the cats are sure to become afraid as well! As for you, Rosaria, you might want to keep an eye on your, uh... facial expressions...
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 rosaria 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' These poor creatures, picked up off the streets, given a name... and they now have a loving home. Fate is kind to even the lost souls who have wandered astray...
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 rosaria 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' This city really has brought peace and happiness to us all.
:'''Snowball:''' Meow!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 valerina 06.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' Hey, Snowball is snuggling up to Rosaria! Looks like she's not afraid of her anymore!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Did Rosaria just... smile?)
:{{DIcon}} (I saw it too!)
:{{DIcon}} (We should pretend like we didn't see anything!)
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 rosaria 04.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' No matter. There are more important things to focus on.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 rosaria 05.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Anyway, it's getting a bit stuffy in here. I'm going to go get some air. Call me if you need me.
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, Paimon thought Rosaria would be happier about that...
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 valerina 07.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' Please teach me more of your ways, Honorary Knight! And you too, o great cat whisperer!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 valerina 08.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' We're sure to get more and more strays coming to the "Furball Fortress," and I doubt all of them will be as friendly as Snowball. There's still so much I don't know about interacting with them...
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No problem! Just watch and learn!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's about time we move on to a more advanced lesson &mdash; how to get the cats not to just trust you, but to like you!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's all about patience! As long as you put in the effort to get to know them, you'll become best friends in no time!
:{{A|vo mkeq001b 3 valerina 09.ogg}} '''Valerina:''' I completely understand! The Furball Fortress is still in its trial phase, so the more I can learn at this stage, the better!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Furball Fortress's Frightful Fix!
|zhs      = 「猫茸茸城堡」的大大危机！
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 「貓茸茸城堡」的大大危機！
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 「ネコモコの城」大ピンチ！
|ja_rm    = "Nekomoko no Shiro" Dai-pinchi!
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 「복슬복슬 고양이 성」의 대위기!
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¡Crisis en el Palacio Peludino!
|es_tl    = Crisis in the Furball Palace!
|fr       = Crise critique au Château cotonnoux !
|fr_tl    = Critical Crisis in the Fluffy Castle!
|ru       = «Замок котиков» в опасности!
|ru_tl    = "Kitty Castle" in Danger!
|th       = วิกฤติครั้งใหญ่ใน "Furball Fortress"!
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Nguy Cơ Lớn Của Pháo Đài Mèo!
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Furchterregende Krise im flauschigen Katzenschloss!
|de_tl    = Terrifying Crisis in the Fluffy Cat Castle!
|id       = Krisis Besar Benteng Bulu-Bulu
|id_tl    = Fur Fortress' Big Crisis
|pt       = Crise na Fortaleza Felina Fofinha!
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Pisicik Kalesi Zor Durumda!
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Crisi alla Rocca Gattosa!
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

[[pt-br:Crise na Fortaleza Felina Fofinha!]]
[[ru:«Замок котиков» в опасности!]]
[[vi:Nguy Cơ Lớn Của Pháo Đài Mèo!]]