{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Furina
|id             = 368175
|image          = Character Furina Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Furina''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My timeslots...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I'd like to go shopping...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} So lively...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Performances...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} A tea party...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Interesting new...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} It's said that...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo furina mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' They say that people who have lost their sense of joy are like withered flowers.
:{{A|vo furina mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I, of course, must continue to blossom for as long as possible. So, it falls to you to entertain me with a thrilling conversation!
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I like it a lot. The view here is amazing wherever you look, and the weather is quite pleasant. One would be hard-pressed to find a better location for a vacation.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I had no idea that you'd purchased such an enormous plot of land... And it's amazing what you've done with the place. You must have put a lot of time and thought into it.
::{{DIcon}} Well, I didn't "purchase" it, exactly...
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Oh, I remember now... Some kind of mystic art from Liyue, was it? However did they do it?
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I'd really love to take this teapot apart and learn more about it. Although, I'm not too confident that I'd be able to put it back together correctly afterwards... On second thought, forget I said anything.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Furina:''' This place is truly fascinating. It seems to be brimming with infinite possibilities... The only downside is how quiet and secluded it is. Don't you ever get lonely, living here by yourself?
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Furina:''' There must be a way you could liven things up a little here. Hmm... Ah, yes &mdash; how about hosting a ball here? I'm sure Fontaine's social elite would jump at the chance to fraternize with you. They'd flock here in droves, and everyone would be singing and dancing to their hearts' content.
::{{DIcon}} I see this place more as a private home.
::{{DIcon}} I prefer to only bring my closest companions here.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Oh, uh... I&mdash;I see. Then... in that case, let's organize a smaller-scale private dance!
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Furina:''' You don't need to invite throngs of people, or put up fancy decorations. We can simply let the world be our stage, and dance whenever and wherever the mood takes us.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Furina:''' ...Well come on, don't just stand there! Take some initiative!
::{{DIcon}} May I invite you to dance?
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg}} '''Furina:''' 'Twould be my pleasure.&nbsp;...Um... You do know how to dance, don't you...?
::{{DIcon}} Oh, that...
::{{DIcon}} ...Kind of?
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship1 11.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Alright, just take my hand. Now, relax your arms a little, and stand with your feet a shoulder-width apart.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship1 12.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Once we start, just follow my lead and you'll be fine. Don't worry &mdash; I'm the brightest star in all of Fontaine. You're in good hands.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' A chat, you say... A simple word, but a fascinating idea.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Through the power of words, people who are worlds apart can come to understand one another's innermost thoughts.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' But conversations can come with a great risk as well. The deeper you let someone in, the more deeply they can wound you...
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Furina:''' That's why people are just as afraid of intimacy as they are of being alone.
::{{DIcon}} I wasn't expecting you to start philosophizing on the human condition...
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Hey! I just gave a very moving speech! Is that all you can say!?
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Furina:''' When one is blessed with both beauty and depth as I am, one naturally has many musings on the vicissitudes of life. All the best moments in opera are grounded in real-life observation.
::{{DIcon}} So... you're not a fan of chatting?
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I didn't mean that... It popped into my head, that's all: "People are just as afraid of intimacy as they are of being alone." And I thought wow, that's a good line...
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Surely you've had that before too? You know, where you really wanna say something profound that makes everyone go: "Wow. That was deep."
::{{DIcon}} ...Okay, yeah. I've done that before.
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09a 1.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Good! I appreciate your honesty. All it means is that you're well-suited to stand under the spotlight.
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09a 2.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I've played so many solo performances in the past that I've gotten a bit bored of them. Why don't you join me? We can be a protagonist duo, and expand our repertoire...
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09a 3.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Let me think for a second... What shows are popular right now that have a good role for you?
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09a 4.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Ooh, I know! I saw a pretty decent opera the other day. Why don't we practise a few scenes together? C'mon, I'll do your makeup, we'll make it a dress rehearsal!
::{{DIcon}} Nope, never.
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09b 1.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Are you serious? Surely I can't be the only one... No, nononono. I bet you just haven't realized how fun it is yet.
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09b 2.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Why don't you give it a try? Just focus on what your feelings are telling you, and try to articulate that in a serious-sounding way.
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09b 3.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Technically, it counts as a kind of performance &mdash; but don't let that get to you, there's no pressure. Just say whatever words come into your mind!
:::{{DIcon}} "Life... is like a play that never ends."
:::{{DIcon}} "As a prisoner in the Fortress of Meropide longs for the light of day, so is my yearning."
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09b 4.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Hmm... How should I put this... That was pretty good, for an beginner.
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09b 5.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Starting out is always the hardest part. Keep practising, and before you know it you'll be able to show all the sides of yourself that no one's ever seen before. Just like me.
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship2 09b 6.ogg}} '''Furina:''' When that time comes, we can rehearse together, maybe even work on a new script together. A lot of classics were made that way, you know. And doesn't it sound like fun?
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Mmm... Heh... There are probably as many things that I want to do right now as there are stars in the sky.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I think my top priority, though, would be to add some more furnishings to this place.
::{{DIcon}} Oh... You don't like how this place currently looks?
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Hey, don't be upset...! I never said there was anything wrong with this place as it stands...
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Furina:''' However... Pretty furnishings are like extra outfits in the wardrobe &mdash; you can never have too many of them.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Furina:''' That's especially true for tea parties. You've got to switch up the furnishings and decorations every now and then to keep things fresh and new.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Furina:''' A lot of people might say that it's best to stick to what's tried and tested, but I think it's possible to respect tradition while trying something new at the same time.
::{{DIcon}} That was great! Didn't know you had it in you.
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 07a.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I'm glad you appreciate my point of view. That tells me that you're an interesting person as well.
::{{DIcon}} You really are a fount of wisdom, Furina!
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 07b.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Hehe, well, when it comes to things I'm interested in, I don't mind putting in the time to become the most knowledgeable person in the topic.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Anyway, since I brought up the idea of getting some more furnishings, let me provide the funds.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Don't worry, Surintendante Chevalmarin hasn't approached me about my overspending so far this month. Which means, I still have plenty of Mora left in my private reserve.
::{{DIcon}} You... overspend a lot?
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 10a 1.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Uh... I&mdash;I mean, what choice do I have...? There are so many lovely and fascinating things in the world, one simply has to have them...
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 10a 2.ogg}} '''Furina:''' *sigh* Alright, yes, I should rein in my spending habits a little... Starting from next month!
::{{DIcon}} Your "private reserve"?
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 10b 1.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Ah, I just mean my savings from my performance fees. I thought I'd mentioned it to you before, no? I've done the occasional paid performance over the past few centuries, and it all added up, so I do have some personal savings.
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 10b 2.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I turned the whole pot over to Surintendante Chevalmarin to manage. She's a lot better at investments and trading than me.
:::{{A|vo furina mimitomo friendship3 10b 3.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I shouldn't have to worry about my finances for quite some time. So even though Surintendante Chevalmarin makes a budget for me each month, it doesn't matter if I spend a little extra now and then.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Furina.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Good morning. Huh... that came around quickly.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I must have slept exceptionally well last night. Shall we head out and have some fun today...?
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Furina.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Good night. Phew... I often find that in the stillness of the night, all my troubles come back to haunt me.
::{{A|vo furina mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' You know what? I'm not going to dwell over them anymore! Let's just get some rest.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Court of Justice's Fresh Mist===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd furina lucine 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Ah, yet another view that evokes for me the times when I graced the stage of the Opera Epiclese.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd furina lucine 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Ahem! Aah~ Aah Aah Aaah<nowiki>~~~</nowiki>
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd furina lucine 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' You seem... perplexed? Hmph, the mist from the fountain is my curtain, the abundant blossoms my stage: A star performer is always ready to sing for an adoring crowd, wheresoever she may roam.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Garb for Glorious Gourmet===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd furina hotelgenre 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Ooh, this is quite snazzy. You've clearly done your research on venues to entertain guests in Fontaine.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd furina hotelgenre 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Ahem... But naturally, I've seen it all before, so I'm a little harder to impress than most...
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd furina hotelgenre 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Do join me for afternoon tea. I'll have Mademoiselle Crabaletta serve us cakes.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Furina/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Furina/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:フリーナ/仲間]]
[[ru:Фурина/Компаньон]]
[[th:Furina/เพื่อนร่วมทาง]]
[[tr:Furina/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Furina/Bạn Đồng Hành]]