{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03001
|image         = Archon Quest C3A1 Further Observation.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|actNum        = I
|act           = Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark
|part          = 2
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Amir; Collei; Nasrin; Tighnari; Traveler; Paimon
|startLocation = [[Gandharva Ville]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Gandharva Ville
|prev          = A Forest of Change
|next          = Chronic Illness
|exp           = 575
|mora          = 22,775
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}} {{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Further Observation|chapter=3|act=1|part=2}}

==Steps==
# Find [[Collei]]
# Check the lamps along the path
# Go to the [[Statue of The Seven]]
# Climb to the top of the rock
# Resonate with the Dendro Archon statue
#* Completion of this step requires the following actions:
#*# Unlock the [[Avidya Forest]] Statue of The Seven
#*# Resonate with Dendro as the Traveler
#* The party is locked to only the Traveler during this step
#* This step is skipped if the Traveler has already unlocked any of the Statues of The Seven in [[Dharma Forest]]<!-- this is technically an assumption; however, the only combination left to test is: unlock SOT7s in the Great Red Sand without unlocking any in Dharma Forest, then do this quest; note that the intro to aranara dialogue listed under Gameplay Notes/on the SOT7 page is already confirmed to not play when unlocking Great Red Sand SOT7s before any Dharma Forest SOT7s -->, even if the one in Avidya Forest is not unlocked, and even if the Traveler never resonated with Dendro.
# Examine the [[Dendro Archon]] Statue before you
# Meet up with Collei
# Return to [[Gandharva Ville]]
# Wait until 08:00 the following day

==Gameplay Notes==
* Unlocking any of the Statues of The Seven in [[Dharma Forest]] prior to approaching the one in Avidya Forest to clean it as part of this quest triggers the following dialogue:
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What were those?
:'''Paimon:''' (Traveler), did you see them?
:{{DIcon}} What are you talking about?
::'''Paimon:''' Those little round, plantlike things! Gone just like that!
::{{DIcon}} I saw them.<!--no dialogue based on previous editor-->
::{{DIcon}} You mean cabbages?
:::'''Paimon:''' No! They're creatures. You know, little fairies or something...
::{{DIcon}} You're seeing things, Paimon.
:::'''Paimon:''' No! They're creatures. You know, little fairies or something...
:::'''Paimon:''' Stop patronizing Paimon! They were not hallucinations!
::'''Paimon:''' Anyway, we should ask around when we get a chance...
:{{DIcon}} I saw them.
::'''Paimon:''' Little round, plantlike things, right? Gone just like that!
::'''Paimon:''' We should ask around when we get a chance.
:{{DIcon}} What are those...?
::'''Paimon:''' Little round, plantlike things, right? Gone just like that!
::'''Paimon:''' We should ask around when we get a chance.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
{{Quest Description|You can't be said to have really settled into rehabilitation at Gandharva Ville yet, but you can still ask Collei for some information.}}
;(Upon starting the quest)<!--this also triggers again if you re-login without progressing the quest (cianxan: verified, will triggered even if the player is not in Sumeru.)-->
:{{A|vo xmaq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Rise and shine! C'mon, it's time to go find Collei.

;(Approach Collei and Tighnari)
:{{color|menu|You walk upwards along the wooden path and find Collei and Tighnari some distance away.}}
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright, next let's see your right hand... Hmm, yes, not bad.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' But please remember that you still need to be careful, understand?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Yes, I will. By the way, Master, I still haven't received the patrol route for today.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Today's patrol will be a long one, so you won't be coming along this time. Besides, there's a chance we may encounter... Well, you understand.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' But I have a [[Vision]], too! Am I useless to everyone now...?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Don't talk like that, Collei. This is not something you need to be worrying about right now.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ah, there you are. Feeling any better?
:{{DIcon}} Is there something we can help with?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, since we'll be staying here for now, we thought we might as well try lending a hand around here.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hehe, seems you're not the type to sit back and take it easy for a while, huh. In that case, perhaps Collei could take you two for a patrol south of Gandharva Ville for the day.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' And if you're feeling up to it, you can be responsible for cleaning the Statue of The Seven.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 amir 01.ogg}} '''Amir:''' [[Tighnari]], we're ready to head out!
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Roger, I'll be right there! Alright, we'll be heading into the forest now. I'll leave any further details to Collei.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Yes, you can count on me!
;(Tighnari leaves)
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Collei, what exactly are we going to be doing today?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tighnari mentioned cleaning the statue just now, but uh... that doesn't really sound like a job for a ranger.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Well, a Forest Ranger's responsibilities can be pretty diverse.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' We handle a variety of tasks, like checking the condition of outlying roads, maintaining forest facilities, ensuring fire prevention standards are met, and providing assistance to travelers and locals.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 collei 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' As for Master, well, he has to handle more dangerous areas of the rainforest.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 2 collei 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Today we can perform routine checks on the pathway lamps as we make our way to the Statue of The Seven.
----
:{{A|vo xmaq002 3 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Paimon, Traveler, this way.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 3 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' You can leave the task of checking the lamps to me. In the meantime, you two can keep an eye out for anything unusual.

;(Approach the first lamp)
:{{A|vo xmaq002 3 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Nothing wrong with these two lamps. Let's move to the next ones.

;(Approach the second lamp)
:{{A|vo xmaq002 3 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, this lamp seems to be getting a little wobbly. Let me make a note of it.

;(Approach the third lamp)
:{{A|vo xmaq002 3 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Hmm, no problems with this lamp. Good.
----
;(Approach marked area near the rock with the Statue of the Seven)
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' The Statue of The Seven is up on top of that large rock formation. You must have seen it when you came down this road before.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' It's pretty high up there, isn't it? Don't worry, if you're afraid you can't make it up there, I'm sure Master wouldn't mind if you don't clean the statue.
:{{DIcon}} No need to worry. I'm a terrific climber.
:{{DIcon}} Shouldn't be a problem.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh? I guess I'll leave it up to you, then. There's not much footing once you reach the statue, so be careful up there.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), Paimon'll fly up with you and help with those hard-to-reach areas.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, by the way, Collei, do you know anything about the Dendro Archon? You know, what's she like?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Uhh, that depends. Are you referring to [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] or [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]]?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Greater Lord Rukkhadevata?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, is that the name of the former Dendro Archon?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Uh-huh. Greater Lord Rukkhadevata was Sumeru's first Dendro Archon. She created the rainforests as well as the [[Wall of Samiel]] around the desert. Her works provided a means of peaceful living for everyone.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 collei 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' To the people of Sumeru, she is not only a symbol of wisdom but also of power and kindness. Unfortunately, she disappeared in a great calamity that occurred a few hundred years ago.
:{{DIcon}} (Sounds exactly like what happened to [[Raiden Makoto]]...)
:{{DIcon}} (Does it coincide with [[Khaenri'ah]]...?)
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 collei 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' According to what Master has told me, the sages later found the newly born Dendro Archon and whisked her back to Sumeru.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 collei 08.ogg}} '''Collei:''' To celebrate the reinstatement of their lost deity, the sages dubbed her "Lesser Lord Kusanali" and let her reside in the [[Sanctuary of Surasthana]].
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-huh, then what happened?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 collei 09.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Well, and then... uh... I'm not too sure what happened, to be honest.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You're not too sure? But aren't you from Sumeru?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 collei 10.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Yeah, I'm from Sumeru, but...
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe it's difficult to discuss this topic with strangers... If that's the case, then don't worry, we understand.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 collei 11.ogg}} '''Collei:''' No, no, it's not that. I'm not trying to hide something from you. Besides, I don't consider you two strangers.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 collei 12.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Haha, because you two know [[Amber]], right?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Amber? You mean&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Amber, Outrider of the [[Knights of Favonius]]?
:{{DIcon}} The avid glider from [[Mondstadt]]?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 4 collei 13.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Yes, that's her! I once lived in Mondstadt for a while, and she helped me a lot during that time. You could even say that she helped me become a new person.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' There's no one like Amber! She lives life to the fullest while always adhering to her strong sense of justice. She's ready to answer the call for action at any moment, but is also very understanding of others. She's like the spark that lights the fire in everyone's heart around her.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' If you ask me, she's a prime example of a true Outrider. She's the first person anyone coming to Mondstadt will meet. You can't help but be enthralled by her charm and enthusiasm, causing you to fall in love with the lands of Mondstadt, and...
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Uhh, hehe... Sorry...
:{{DIcon}} Huh?
:{{DIcon}} Wow, we've never seen this side of you, Collei...
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, Paimon thought the work of Outriders was a little different from what you just described, but one thing's for sure... you really like Amber.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Ahem... S&mdash;Sorry, I was just rambling on just now. It must have sounded kinda weird.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, it's alright, Collei. Knowing that you're a friend of Amber somehow makes Paimon suddenly feel a lot closer to you.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, how did you know that we've met Amber?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Well, after I returned to Sumeru, Amber and I have stayed in touch by writing each other letters.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 collei 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' In one letter, she mentioned that Mondstadt was attacked by [[Dvalin|a fearsome dragon]], but the city was saved by a mysterious blond traveler and their floating companion.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 collei 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I knew you two were the ones she mentioned in the letter the moment I saw you. But, uh, considering everything you'd been through that day, I thought it'd be inappropriate to bring it up...
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, so that's how you knew!
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 collei 08.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Yep! So please know that you two have my complete trust, really.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 collei 09.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I wish I could tell you more about the Dendro Archon, but I had been away from Sumeru for some time, and I haven't read any books... Sorry.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's alright! You've already helped us a lot, we had never even heard of Greater Lord Rukkhadevata or the Sanctuary of Surasthana until you mentioned them.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 collei 10.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, I'm happy that was helpful. There is one thing I want to ask, though... Why do you two want to know about the Dendro Archon?

:'''You explain the purpose of your journey to Collei.'''

:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 collei 11.ogg}} '''Collei:''' So that's why you're here. Thank you for telling me your story.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't mention it! We are friends after all, right?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's right, we're friends.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe! Alright, we have a statue to clean!
:{{A|vo xmaq002 5 collei 12.ogg}} '''Collei:''' You both have my thanks! While you two are up there cleaning, I'll go ahead and inspect the forest canopy. Let's meet back here shortly.

;(Talk to Collei again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq002 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Uh, I'm not a very good climber, so I'll just let you handle the statue.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq002 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I'll go check the facilities up ahead. By the way, once we're done with our work here... would you like to chat some more?
----
;(Approach the Statue of the Seven)

;(If the player has not unlocked any Statue of the Seven in Dharma Forest by this point)
::{{A|vo xmaq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Dendro Archon's Statue of The Seven is up there, you should try touching it like the other ones we've found on our journey.
::{{A|vo xmaq002 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon bets you'll definitely get a response from the Dendro Archon.
:;(Unlock the Statue of The Seven and resonate with Dendro)

;(After the Traveler resonates with Dendro, or upon approaching the statue if the player already unlocked a Statue of The Seven in Dharma Forest beforehand)
:{{A|vo xmaq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, now that Paimon looks at it, the deity that's carved on the statue is... kinda small.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, do you think she's supposed to be Greater Lord Rukkhadevata or Lesser Lord Kusanali?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe Greater Lord Rukkhadevata?
::{{A|vo xmaq002 7 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You might be right. The statue does look kinda old, hmm...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe Lesser Lord Kusanali?
::{{A|vo xmaq002 7 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The name does seem to fit the statue somehow. Hmm....
;(If the player unlocked any Statue of the Seven in Dharma Forest prior to approaching the Avidya Forest statue to clean it)
::{{A|vo xmaq002 7 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, anyway, we'll have to figure that out later.
::{{A|vo xmaq002 7 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's get started on cleaning the statue. Paimon'll fly up and take care of the top, and you can clean everything below.
;(If the player did not unlock any Statue of the Seven in Sumeru prior to approaching the Avidya Forest statue to clean it)
::{{A|vo xmaq002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:'''  Well, anyway, we'll have to figure that out later. For now, let's focus on our job and clean up this&mdash;
::{{color|menu|A curious little being pops up by the statue, but it soon vanishes into the earth.}}
::'''???:''' ...
::{{DIcon}} ...
::{{A|vo xmaq002 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait a sec! Is it just Paimon, or was there something moving!?
::{{DIcon}} You noticed it too?
:::{{A|vo xmaq002 7 paimon 06a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! It was kinda small and round... You know, like a vegetable or something.
::{{DIcon}} Like a head of cabbage?
:::{{A|vo xmaq002 7 paimon 06b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's it! Small and round like cabbage... but moving!
::{{A|vo xmaq002 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It really freaked Paimon out! Whatever it was, we should probably go and investigate.
::{{A|vo xmaq002 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh actually, on second thought, maybe we should get to cleaning first. Paimon'll fly up and take care of the top, and you clean everything below.

:'''You and Paimon meticulously clean the statue.'''

:{{A|vo xmaq002 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nice work, that's one clean statue! Let's head down and meet up with Collei.

;(Approach Collei)
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Collei, we're back.

;(If the player had unlocked a Statue of the Seven in Dharma Forest prior to cleaning the statue)
::{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Welcome back! You must be tired after all that climbing. Let's take a little break now. I brought some food and water for us.
;(If the player had not unlocked a Statue of the Seven in Dharma Forest prior to cleaning the statue)
::{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Welcome back! You must be tired after all that climbing. Let's take a little break.
::{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, by the way, Collei, have you ever seen any small creatures scurrying around in the forest? You know... that kinda look like a veggie?
::{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' A creature that looks like a veggie? Hmm... Well, I guess Master would say something like, "All plants are living organisms, so they also fall under the category of creatures."
::'''You tell Collei about the thing you saw earlier.'''
::{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Wow, fascinating! It almost sounds like an imaginary creature that you hear kids always talking about! I'll be sure to keep an eye out for anything like it.
::{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, I almost forgot. Are you two hungry? I packed some food and water for us.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay, food! What kind of goodies did you bring!?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, some restraint, please...
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, don't be a party pooper! It's not like Collei is a stranger or anything. Besides, the best way to compliment a chef is to show passion for their food! [[Xiangling]] taught Paimon that.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I prepared a nice, portable dish that Forest Rangers like to eat, called [[Pita Pocket]]s. I hope you'll like them...
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Wh&mdash;Whoops!
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' AH! Nooo!!! You dropped it on the ground!
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 08.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Not to worry! I wrapped a few layers of oiled paper around each pita. They should be fine.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, whew... Paimon nearly had a heart attack there.

:'''You enjoy the pitas together with Collei.'''

:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Those pitas are amazing! You're quite the cook, Collei.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thank goodness you wrapped them in paper... Paimon wouldn't be able to sleep at night knowing something so tasty had been wasted.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 09.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Haha, you really know how to compliment the chef, Paimon.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 10.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Since you liked it so much, I'll be sure to give you a copy of the recipe sometime. I'll even include all my personal cooking pointers, so you'll be making your own Pita Pockets in no time.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay thanks, Collei! It's hard to believe someone as diligent as you could have clumsy moments too.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 11.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, hehe... I guess it happens from time to time.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So uh, Collei... Don't you think that Tighnari's a little too strict with you? He won't let you touch anything without his permission.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 12a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 12b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon knocks stuff over all the time flying around the Traveler, but (Traveler)'s never said anything. Everyone has their clumsy moments!
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 12.ogg}} '''Collei:''' No no, you've got the wrong idea about Master. Sure, he may seem a bit harsh at first. With some time, you'll see that he's actually very kindhearted.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 13.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I've heard the veteran rangers say that Master is from some ancient and mysterious race that is known for their cunning wit and reclusive nature. But Master is actually very kind at heart.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 14.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, by the way, you've heard of the [[Akademiya]], right? Well, there's a group called Am... uh, Amu something...
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 15.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Well, anyway, because Master does a lot of research on plants, sages from the Akademiya have written him many times, inviting him to take up an official position there.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 16.ogg}} '''Collei:''' But Master declines their offers every time, saying, "Sumeru City is too noisy. It'd be bad for my ears."
:{{DIcon}} That does sound like something Tighnari would say...
::{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 17a.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Haha, seems you already know him well. Anyway, I'm sure the sages were not happy about his responses.
::{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 17a 1.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Master could obviously have a bright future in the Akademiya, but he insists on sticking to the path of a Forest Watcher. Every day, he helps the locals of the forest and passes on his extensive knowledge to trainees like me.
:{{DIcon}} Speaking of his ears... I'd really like to pet them!
::{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 17b.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Hehehe, I know, right! I've always wanted to pet them, too. Ahem...
::{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 17b 1.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Anyway, Master could have easily left the rainforest to take up a position at the Akademiya. But he chose to stay here instead as a Forest Watcher, helping the locals every day and passing on his knowledge to trainees.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 18.ogg}} '''Collei:''' In fact, Master's the one who taught me how to make Pita Pockets.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Paimon would've never guessed that.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, speaking of Tighnari, he was the one who took care of you after finding you passed out yesterday. He even carried you all the way here.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's still kinda upset, though! He kept scolding Paimon the entire way here.
:{{DIcon}} What did you do?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 19.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh no, I'm sorry. Master might've been overreacting a little...
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 20a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 20b.ogg}} '''Collei:''' But it's mostly because Paimon wouldn't stop yelling, "Why, oh why!? Is {{MC|m=he|f=she}} going to die!?" It probably started to get under Master's skin after a while.
;(The Traveler looks very amused)
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Argh, don't laugh!!! Paimon was genuinely concerned about you!
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 21.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Pfft! Hehehe...
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Now even Collei's starting to laugh!
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ughhh! That's it! Paimon won't forget this! It's time for some Paimonial wrath!
;(Paimon floats toward Collei)
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 22.ogg}} '''Collei:''' No! Don't touch me!!!
;(Collei leaps up and runs a few steps away)
:{{DIcon}} Huh?
:{{DIcon}} Collei, what's the matter?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Sorry, Collei! Paimon didn't mean to scare you...
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 23.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Ah, no I just... I&mdash;I didn't mean that...
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Collei, are you okay? What's the matter?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 24.ogg}} '''Collei:''' No uh, I&mdash;I'm fine. I'm sorry, I must've startled you both reacting like that.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 collei 25.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, well it's getting late now. Uh, let's hurry back to Gandharva Ville. I think Master and the others should be back by now, too.
;(Collei leaves)
:{{A|vo xmaq002 9 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, what was up with Collei just now? And why's she in such a hurry all of a sudden...? Look, she's practically running back. Paimon can't even see her now!
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq002 10 nasrin 01.ogg}} '''Nasrin:''' Ah, Traveler, you've returned.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, we're back. Uh, have you seen Collei by any chance?
:{{A|vo xmaq002 10 nasrin 02.ogg}} '''Nasrin:''' Oh, Collei? Yes, I saw her go into her room just a moment ago.
:{{A|vo xmaq002 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, okay... Guess we'll just have to wait and talk to her tomorrow then.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* The [[Travel Log]] shows the dialogue branch with the Traveler and Paimon's encounter with the [[Aranara]] at the Statue of The Seven when cleaning it as part of this quest, even for players who unlocked a Statue of The Seven in Dharma Forest before approaching the Statue in this quest.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Further Observation
|zhs     = 疗养观察
|zhs_rm  = Liáoyǎng Guānchá
|zht     = 療養觀察
|zht_rm  = Liáoyǎng Guānchá
|zh_tl   = Recuperation and Observation
|ja      = 療養と観察
|ja_rm   = Ryouyou to Kansatsu
|ja_tl   = Recuperation and Observation
|ko      = 요양과 관찰
|ko_rm   = Yoyanggwa Gwanchal
|ko_tl   = Recuperation and Observation
|es      = Inspección de seguimiento
|es_tl   = Followup Inspection
|fr      = Suivi de récupération
|fr_tl   = Recovery Follow-up
|ru      = Дальнейшее наблюдение
|ru_tl   = Further Observation
|th      = พักสังเกตอาการ
|th_rm   = Phạk s̄ạngket xākār
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Theo Dõi Sức Khỏe
|vi_tl   = Health Observation
|de      = Genesung und Beobachtung
|de_tl   = Recovery and Observation
|id      = Observasi Lebih Lanjut
|id_tl   = Further Observation
|pt      = Recuperação e Observação
|pt_tl   = Recovery and Observation
|tr      = İleri Gözlem
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ulteriori osservazioni
|it_tl   = Further Observations
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter III}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 3]]

[[es:Inspección de seguimiento]]
[[ja:療養と観察]]
[[vi:Theo Dõi Sức Khỏe]]