{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19154
|image         = Hangout Event Further Investigation.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Layla
|actNum        = I
|act           = Ever Silent Stars
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Lokapala Jungle]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = The Wisdom Seelie
|next          = One Final Step
|next2         = An Exasperating Prank
|characters    = Layla; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Further Investigation''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Ever Silent Stars}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the place mentioned in the letter
# Look for the clues the Wisdom Seelie left behind
# Go to the next place mentioned in the letter
# Look for the clues the Wisdom Seelie left behind
# Go to the next place mentioned in the letter

==Dialogue==
===Further Investigation===
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Quest Description|The Wisdom Seelie left a few hints in its letter. Perhaps you could first figure out what it's up to.}}
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' We should be close. This is the way I came when I first traveled to Sumeru City.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *sigh* It's been way too long since I last visited home...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' No, no, this isn't the time for that kind of talk. We have to hurry and find the clues that the Seelie left behind.
:{{DIcon}} It's a pretty big area...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It is... Relying solely on what the Seelie said might not be viable.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm, assuming the Seelie is intentionally linking the clues to my past, ah, I think I have an idea.
:{{DIcon}} Let's hear it.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Um, so this is a little embarrassing. At that time, the sight of Sumeru City was absolutely mesmerizing. I was anxious, but also excited about all the things to come.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I was distracted and... accidentally stepped on an Avidya Leopard's tail.
:{{DIcon}} The price of being distracted...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I didn't notice it at all... The poor thing was sound asleep, and after I stepped on its tail, it bolted straight up. I freaked out and ran as fast as I could.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' There were actually more Avidya Leopards sleeping nearby, and they were all faster than me... I almost got bitten a couple of times.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Good thing someone from the Eremites heard me shouting for help. They managed to scare off the leopards.
:{{DIcon}} Good thing you weren't hurt.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Yeah, but when I finally managed to calm myself down, I noticed that the talisman my mother had made for me was missing.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's extremely precious to me. Ever since I was little, I would always carry it with me whenever I'm doing something important.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I also had it with me when the Akademiya conducted its selection exam at my village. I checked my bag at least a dozen times to make sure the talisman was in there.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I feel much more at ease knowing that I have it with me. I had thought that it would also help me calm my nerves in Sumeru City.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 15.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But I ended up losing it before I even finished registration at the Akademiya...
:{{DIcon}} I can sympathize with your feeling of loss.
:{{DIcon}} The peace of mind it gave you must be irreplaceable.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 16.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Yeah, and that's when I started having sleeping problems... I just began to sleep less and less each day.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 17.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Losing a talisman like that is definitely a bad omen...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 18.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, sorry, I'm starting to ramble again. What were we talking about before...? Oh right, why the Seelie led us here.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 19.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I think we should look around where the Avidya Leopards attacked me.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 20.ogg}} '''Layla:''' If the Seelie is trying to make me remember things that happened in the past, it would make the most sense for it to hide clues in memorable locations.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 21.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hope the Seelie's clue wasn't also torn to shreds by Avidya Leopards...
:{{DIcon}} Let's look around first.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 22.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Yeah... That's the only way we'll know for sure...
:{{DIcon}} Relax. No need to be so pessimistic all the time.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 23.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm sorry, you're right. It's a bad habit of mine.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915402 layla 24.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I suppose any progress is a step in the right direction. Let's go.

;(Go to the place mentioned in the letter)
;(Near the rock formation)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' We should be close...
;(After destroying the rock formation)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Sure enough, it's here, and in a really obvious place. That pretty much confirms my hunch about the Seelie's intentions.
:{{DIcon}} It seems like the Seelie knows you really well.
:{{DIcon}} It feels like the Seelie is trying to provoke you.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I dunno... but how did it know about all these details? I've hardly told anyone about this stuff...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's not hiding somewhere and spying on me, is it? Oh, that's a scary thought...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *sigh* Anyway, let's look at the clue we've found.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' "Seems like you haven't forgotten about your very first failure."
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' See? It knows everything.
:{{DIcon}} This might be too much, even for the Wisdom Seelie.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I have no idea what's going on... No wonder this Seelie is becoming legendary. Let's keep reading the clue.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' "I've placed the second clue where heaven meets water. The answer, seemingly amongst the stars, was ultimately washed to some unremarkable place downstream."
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Just as I thought, it's something to do with me again.
:{{DIcon}} You already got the meaning?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' If the first clue was any indication, then the location described in this clue should also be related to my life experiences.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Most Rtawahist research is related to studying the stars. My own thesis work often requires me to go in the field and collect astrological data.
;(Stress Value +1)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' And... *sigh* Let's just say there's another devastating and unforgettable failure I had.
:{{DIcon}} Should we still keep following these clues...?
:{{DIcon}} Thinking about these things will only make things worse for you.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But that can't be helped, right? We do many things not because we want to, but because we have to.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915403 layla 15.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Let's keep moving. It might be hard to believe, but being out and about is making me feel a lot better than usual.
;(Continue to [[#Underlying Meaning|Underlying Meaning]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Underlying Meaning===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to the place mentioned in the letter)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' We're here. Th&mdash;That's the spot.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That's where I performed my first field observation after enrolling at the Akademiya. I borrowed some equipment from the school and came here on a perfectly clear day.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Everything was ready to go, and I was positive that I'd be able to get some great data.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But the equipment was a little heavy, and I didn't notice that the ground was muddy and some spots were unstable.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' After I finished setting up everything, part of the ground suddenly shifted, and my equipment started teetering over. I rushed over to grab hold of it, but I ended up tripping over another piece of equipment...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' The next thing I knew, everything was covered with muddy water... me, and all my equipment.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You must be wondering how someone can be so clumsy...
:{{DIcon}} Oh, not really...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You wouldn't be wrong for thinking that... I don't sleep much, so I get light-headed pretty often.
:{{DIcon}} We're all prone to mistakes when we aren't well-rested.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Thank you for understanding. If I were the one complaining about not being well-rested, it would just sound like an excuse.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's a vicious cycle... the less I sleep, the more mistakes I make. The more mistakes I make, the harder it is for me to sleep...
:{{DIcon}} So what happened afterwards? Were you injured?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I just got a minor fracture, so I had to rest at Bimarstan for a while.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' To pay off the damages to the equipment, I took some part-time jobs. I just went to work whenever I couldn't sleep. It took me forever to pay off what I owed.
:{{DIcon}} Don't tell me, your insomnia got worse after that?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Bingo... *sigh* The pressure from my studies and debt was crushing me, and I didn't want to tell my family about any of it.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' After all, I am the legendary Layla who made it into the Akademiya at a young age and had never failed an assignment in her life...
:{{DIcon}} Ever consider taking a break?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 15.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Of course. I've even considered giving up on my studies completely and returning home to help care for the Sumpter Beasts, but that would be kind of embarrassing...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 16.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I don't mean that I'd be embarrassed in front of others... I mean that I'd be ashamed of myself. After all, everything I've done up till now is only a result of my own decisions.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 17.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Although it hasn't always been smooth sailing and sometimes things don't go my way, I made it this far on my own. There haven't been any major incidents with my studies, and I even managed to pay off the equipment damages...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 18.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ahh, but I guess I'm exaggerating a bit... Most of it is still due to the help of some unknown person, rather than my own work... hehe...
:{{DIcon}} Your parents would feel bad if they knew what you were going through.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 19.ogg}} '''Layla:''' And that's exactly why they mustn't ever find out. Once I've finally managed to acclimate to life in Sumeru City, I'll show them my success... I hope that day will come, eventually.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 20.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Anyways, let's continue looking for the next clue. It should be around here somewhere... an "unremarkable place downstream" was the description.

;(Go to the place mentioned in the letter)
;(Near the rock formation)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915404 layla 21.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm, that "place downstream" could be somewhere close by.
;(After destroying the rock formation)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915405 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Here, it's over here! Whew, good thing it's dry. I was worried the message might be wet.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915405 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Let's see... "Have you found it? The unremarkable place downstream?"
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915405 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Well... of course. How else could I be reading this message...? Seriously.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915405 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' "I've placed the third hint at a crossroad without a cross. You can turn left or right, but turning back shouldn't be an option."
:{{DIcon}} It feels like the clues are getting more and more vague...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915405 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm... they're actually getting clearer for me. I was sorta expecting this, even before I read the message.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915405 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I dunno if the clues are following a timeline or if they're based on the amount of regret I have... Either way, this incident was bound to come up sooner or later.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like this is getting personal.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915405 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm... would someone really go to all this trouble just to pull off some prank? I can't make heads or tails of it.
:{{DIcon}} Is the Seelie stalking you?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915405 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' A&mdash;Ahh... Don't say that... That sounds horrible.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915405 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Anyway, just follow me. I'll save the story for when we get there.
;(Continue to [[#The Road to Failure|The Road to Failure]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Road to Failure===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Look for the clues the Wisdom Seelie left behind)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' This is the place that immediately came to mind when the hint mentioned a crossroad.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I came here to conduct some astrological observation once. Everything went smoothly on the way, and I thought I was starting to get used to life at the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But just as I was about to set up the observation equipment, I heard a strange sound coming from nearby. I made my way here and discovered a bunch of bandits robbing someone.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' They were a group of Treasure Hoarders, and the family that was being mugged looked completely helpless. They definitely wouldn't have been able to escape, and simply handing over their Mora might not have been enough to make the bandits go away.
:{{DIcon}} So you wanted to help, but couldn't?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Not exactly. I already had a Vision by that time.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Someone with a Vision should technically be really powerful, right? Handling a group of Treasure Hoarders should be well within my abilities.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' However, I didn't know how to channel the power of the elements to fight at that time, and I was super scared. *sigh* I wielded immense power, but I didn't feel any stronger than just an ordinary person.
:{{DIcon}} Then what happened?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Then... I ran away. I scrambled towards Sumeru City looking for help.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Eventually, I managed to return with a few adventurers I ran into along the way.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It took longer than I had hoped, and by the time we made it back here, the Treasure Hoarders and the family were gone...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I don't know if the family only lost their belongings in the end, or if something worse happened to them.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I've faced a lot of problems after coming to Sumeru City, but this incident is one that I regret the most. I sat on the ground and began to cry.
;(Stress Value +1)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I could've stepped in to help that family... "Would it have ended differently... if I were just a little braver?"
:{{DIcon}} You did the right thing.
:{{DIcon}} You can't solve every problem with just courage alone. Being rational is just as important.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Thank you for trying to comfort me, but I can't stop myself from thinking that way.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 15.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's just as the Seelie said, "Turning back shouldn't be an option." However, I can't help but think about running away whenever I'm faced with a challenge.
:{{Hangout Branch|The Seelie probably wants to do more than just criticize you for the past. Why don't you try facing your challenge head-on?|One Final Step}}
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 16.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You're right. The more challenging it gets, the harder I should try.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 17.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm... I'm feeling calmer now... Okay, let's go look for more leads nearby.
:;(Proceed to [[One Final Step]])

:{{Hangout Branch|Let's take a break from searching and rest for a bit.|An Exasperating Prank}}
::{{DIcon}} Let's take a break from searching and rest for a bit.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 18.ogg}} '''Layla:''' B&mdash;But what about my thesis? We still haven't found the Seelie's answer yet...
::{{DIcon}} Forget about the thesis, you need to get some rest first.
::{{DIcon}} Your health is more important than your thesis.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 19.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *sigh* Sorry for causing you so much trouble...
::{{DIcon}} Let's find someplace to rest.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 20.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Alright. I... actually don't have much stamina. I've been stressed this whole time, and I feel exhausted...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915406 layla 21.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm really sorry.
:;(Proceed to [[An Exasperating Prank]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Further Investigation
|zhs      = 寻迹向前
|zhs_rm   = Xúnjì Xiàngqián
|zht      = 循跡向前
|zht_rm   = Xúnjī Xiàngqián
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 手がかりを追って進む
|ja_rm    = Tegakari wo Otte Susumu
|ja_tl    = Follow the Trail
|ko       = 흔적을 따라 전진
|ko_tl    = Advance Following the Trail
|es       = Avanzando en la búsqueda
|es_tl    = Advancing in the Search
|fr       = Sur la piste
|fr_tl    = On the Trail
|ru       = Дальнейшее расследование
|ru_tl    = Further Investigation
|th       = มุ่งหน้าสำรวจต่อไป
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tìm Đường Tiến Lên
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Den Hinweisen nachgehen
|de_tl    = Following the Clues
|id       = Penyelidikan Lanjutan
|id_tl    = Further Investigation
|pt       = Investigação Avançada
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = İpuçlarının Peşinde
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Indagine supplementare
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}