{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = Past
|image            = NPC Furuyama.png
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = 
|title            = Tea Master
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Furuyama''' {{Lang|ja=古山}} is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] who appears in [[Raiden Shogun]]'s Story Quest [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]], Act II: ''[[Transient Dreams]]''.

==Profile==
Furuyama is a human who lived 500 years ago during the time of the [[cataclysm]]. He was a member of the Raiden Shogun's retinue, and was quite close to [[Makoto]], often serving her tea. At some point, he became blind.

When the cataclysm struck [[Inazuma]], Furuyama, having grown to Makoto's teachings, met his end in [[Araumi]] as others fled, since he was content with his life and had no regrets. 500 years afterwards, his memories would roam the [[Sacred Sakura]]'s roots, where he manifested after [[Ei]] and the [[Traveler]] were tracking down [[rifthounds]] that were damaging the Sacred Sakura's roots. He was pleased to see the Shogun again and tried to serve them tea, only to notice that his tea set was missing. The Traveler and Ei offered to get him one, doing so from the [[Kamisato Estate]], but by the time they had returned, he had disappeared as the Ley Lines could no longer sustain him. Ei brewed a set of tea and left a cup behind in Furuyama's memory.

===Personality===
Despite being blind, Furuyama was not impeded in his tea-making skills, which Makoto had grown to appreciate. As with many people in Inazuma, he was faithful and loyal to the Shogun. He was very close to Makoto and was apparently one of the few who knew that the Shogun existed as both Makoto and Ei, although Ei believed that he pretended to be unaware of it. Citing Makoto's teachings in that all good things would end at some time, Furuyama willingly let himself die to the monsters ravaging Inazuma during the cataclysm as he had lived his life with no regrets, stating that fleeing was an indicator that they were not ready to move on.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Trivia==
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Furuyama
|zhs     = 古山
|zhs_rm  = Gǔshān
|zht     = 古山
|zht_rm  = Gǔshān
|ja      = 古山
|ja_rm   = Furuyama
|ko      = 후루야마
|ko_rm   = Huruyama
|es      = Furuyama
|fr      = Furuyama
|ru      = Фуруяма
|th      = Furuyama
|vi      = Furuyama
|de      = Furuyama
|id      = Furuyama
|pt      = Furuyama
|tr      = Furuyama
|it      = Furuyama
}}
<!-- Unhide if a Note is used on the page. (See Asase Hibiki's page for an example usage.)
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}