{{Character Infobox
|type             = Historical
|death            = Past
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Futsu School
|child            = Futsu Hiroyoshi
}}
'''Futsu Minori''' was a historical figure in [[Inazuma]] and the third-generation master of the [[Futsu School]], one of the schools in the [[Raiden Gokaden]].

==Profile==
Futsu Minori was a talented swordsmith of the Futsu School and forged Hasui Geppaku Futsu, a blade worthy enough to be wielded by the [[Raiden Shogun]]'s valet. She had a son, [[Futsu Hiroyoshi]], and also took in a mute orphan who would take on the name [[Futsu Masayoshi]]. Hasui Geppaku Futsu was eventually destroyed in a certain battle to "decide the fate of the oni people." It was sent to the Futsu School to be reforged, but because Minori was no longer in physical condition to forge blades, Masayoshi took the up the task and forged [[Haran Geppaku Futsu]].<ref name="haran">{{Ref/Weapon|Haran Geppaku Futsu}}</ref>

===Personality===
Minori is described as "surly and arrogant" as well as "capricious," although Masayoshi saw her kindness in the way that she took him in as one of her own. While her past is a mystery, she appeared to have been troubled; Masayoshi once found her smithing while crying, and she eventually fell into alcoholism.<ref name="haran" />

==Story==
Little is known about Futsu Minori's past, but she told Masayoshi about her mother and brother's wishes. She was afflicted by an old wound on her side and owned a crimson hakama that she could never wear. Likely as a result of past woes, Minori was also something of an alcoholic, which contributed her physical decline in the later stages of her life.<ref name="haran" />

Minori had a reputation for capriciousness and arrogance, but Masayoshi was close with her because she had taken him in when nobody else had and gave him his nickname, Masagomaru. She, in turn, confided in him and told him many things about herself that she normally did not divulge, joking that his muteness meant he would not spill her secrets. Masayoshi's talent for bladesmithing led Minori to recommend him as fourth-generation head of the Futsu School multiple times, but he declined every time. After her death, Masayoshi taught Hiroyoshi her techniques and departed from the school after seeing that Hiroyoshi could lead the school on his own.<ref name="haran" />

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden=1
|en      = Futsu Minori
|zhs     = 经津实
|zhs_rm  = Jīngjīn Shí
|zht     = 經津實
|zht_rm  = Jīngjīn Shí
|ja      = 経津実
|ja_rm   = Futsu Minori
|ko      = 후츠 미노리
|ko_rm   = Hucheu Minori
|es      = Futsu Minori
|fr      = Futsu Minori
|ru      = Фуцу Минори
|th      = Futsu Minori
|vi      = Futsu Minori
|de      = Futsu Minori
|id      = Futsu Minori
|pt      = Futsu Minori
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}