{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = The Steambird
|spouse           = Gagnepetit
|child            = Charlotte
|title            = "Reporter of Idylls"
}}
{{Quote|A picture of sufficiently great beauty cannot be ignored.|Galanopoulo, to Charlotte}}
'''Galanopoulo''' is a mentioned character. He is the husband of Gagnepetit and the father of [[Charlotte]]. 

==Profile==
Galanopoulo is a seasoned reporter and a professional nature photographer of The Steambird. He, along with Charlotte, would report together from streets wide and narrow to forests and rivers alike.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Charlotte|1}}</ref> He is an ever-capable man with a mild temper.<ref name=":0">{{Ref/CS|Charlotte|3}}</ref>

On Charlotte's tenth birthday, Galanopoulo gave her a custom-made [[Kamera]] that is built for her. The photos that they would take are also sent to The Steambird, and was praised by the editors for his ever-improving photography skills. Critics and fellow journalists would ask how he advanced his aesthetic sensibilities, but Galanopoulo replied that such pictures are beyond him and that these are the handiwork of Charlotte.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Charlotte|2}}</ref>

Euphrasie had an intention, which is that she hoped that Charlotte would agree to becoming a "special correspondent", which is someone who could conduct interviews, as well as take photos. Despite his mild temper, he was strongly against it. He did not wish for his daughter to be associated to people with ulterior motives or hypocrites.<ref name=":0" />

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Galanopoulo
|zhs     = 加拉诺普洛
|zhs_rm  = Jiālānuòpǔluò
|zht     = 加拉諾普洛
|zht_rm  = Jiālānuòpǔluò
|ja      = ガラノポロス
|ja_rm   = Garanoporosu
|ko      = 갈라노풀로
|es      = Galanopoulo
|fr      = Galanopoulo
|ru      = Галанопуло
|th      = Galanopoulo
|vi      = Galanopoulo
|de      = Galanopoulo
|id      = Galanopoulo
|pt      = Galanopoulo
|tr      = Galanopoulo
|it      = Galanopoulo
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History||introduced=4.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}