{{Quest Infobox
|id             = 74657
|image          = Galathee Icon.png
|type           = World
|group          = Request
|region         = Fontaine
|area           = Belleau Region
|subarea        = Romaritime Harbor
|startLocation  = [[Romaritime Harbor]], [[Fontaine]]
|characters     = Galathee; Traveler
|rewards        = Mora*20,000
|rep            = Fontaine
}}
'''''Galathee's Salt Solicitation''''' is a [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
# Give 10 bottles of Salt to Galathee

==Request Details==
"Tales of Humanity":<br>
This is my first time writing in to The Steambird. I'm looking for someone who can provide my sailors with regular deliveries of salt.
We often spend longer at sea than we do on the land.<br>
Every time we come ashore to resupply, we're extremely pressed for time. In light of this I'm looking for someone who can guarantee a regular supply of {{Color|buzzword|Zaytun Peaches}} to improve the lives of my crew.<br>
If you're interested please contact Captaine Galathee directly.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Galathee needs 10 bottles of Salt.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Salt...
:'''Galathee:''' Hello. Are you here to discuss matters related to the supply of salt?
:'''Galathee:''' Then you must have a lot of salt prepared, right?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Salt is ready.
::'''Galathee:''' The current amount should be enough for a short voyage. You seem pretty reliable. If I have any needs like this in the future, you'll be the first one I contact.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Galathee:''' It won't do to be without salt. Every time our ship sets sail, we need to stockpile enough salt for our journey.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Galathee's Salt Solicitation
|zhs     = 伽拉蒂雅的盐需求
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 伽拉蒂雅的鹽需求
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ガラテアの塩のリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Garatea no Shio no Rikuesuto
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 갈라티<->의 소금 의뢰
|ko_tl   = Galathee's Salt Request
|es      = Sal para Galathée
|es_tl   = Salt for Galathee
|fr      = Du sel pour Galathée
|fr_tl   = Some Salt for Galathee
|ru      = Соль для Галатеи
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = คำขอเกลือของ Galathee
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Yêu Cầu Về Muối Của Galathee
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Galathées Bitte um Salz
|de_tl   = Galathee's Request for Salt
|id      = Garam Untuk Galathee
|id_tl   = Salt for Galathee
|pt      = Solicitação de Sal de Galathee
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Galathee'nin Tuz Talebi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La sollecitazione di Galathée
|it_tl   = Galathée's Solicitation
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

[[ja:ガラテアの塩のリクエスト]]