{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Gaming
|id             = 368178
|image          = Character Gaming Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Gaming''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Man Chai!
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Guess it's time for some tea...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Wushou dance...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Time to train!
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Gotta help the neighbors...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Hey again...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Snazzy spot!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo gaming mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Hey buddy! Good to see you again.
:{{A|vo gaming mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' This place is dope! And so huge...
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Are you kidding me? Isn't it obvious?
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Well, I dunno how you haven't noticed, but I totally love it here! I mean, you built this whole place from the ground up! How cool is that!?
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' To get specific though, here's three reasons why I dig this place: It's fun, chill, and I can sleep with both eyes closed!
::{{DIcon}} So, in a word, it's dope?
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Hahaha! You got that from me, didn't you?
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Anyway, look &mdash; I wanna level with you. In my mind, there's a fine line between graciously accepting the hospitality of your host and being a leech.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Now, I know you won't let me pay any rent while I'm here, 'cause we're friends and all, but I will at least insist on making myself useful. So, if you catch me cleaning or gardening at any point &mdash; don't try and stop me.
::{{DIcon}} I couldn't possibly make a guest do my chores...
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Knew you'd say that. But if all I am is a guest, does that mean you want me to treat this like a hotel?
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Or would you rather I made myself at home?
::{{DIcon}} Of course!
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Okay, so do you have any objection to me cleaning up after myself while I'm in my own home?
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' I'll give you to the count of three to raise any objections &mdash; ready? Three! Okay, great, no objections! Glad that's settled.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Heck yeah! Always! And especially now, since you suggested it and everything.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' But before that &mdash; is your throat dry? Course it is, so's mine. Lemme make some tea real quick...
::{{DIcon}} You have a very entertaining way of talking!
:::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 03a 1.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Huh? Oh, heh... Sorry, I bet half of what I say goes right over your head, huh?
:::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 03a 2.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' I must get it from my mom. She raised me, so all my habits come from her, including my turns of phrase.
:::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 03a 3.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' If I ever say something that you don't understand, or it goes down like a lead balloon, please stop me and demand that I explain what I mean in normal-person terms.
:::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 03a 4.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Really, I insist &mdash; it's no trouble. Besides, hang out with me enough and I'm sure you'll be speaking fluent Gaming-ese before long!
::{{DIcon}} Gonna brew one of your signature herbal teas?
:::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 03b 1.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Oh, uh... Sorry to disappoint. I'm afraid all I have with me is this Single-Origin Yauwan from my hometown...
:::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 03b 2.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' But, if you want, I can take a look around your garden and scrounge some infusable foliage and whatnot to put aside for drying.
:::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 03b 3.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Then, in the future, I can make herbal teas on demand for you &mdash; Oh, everyone else here.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Ah, and if we're drinking tea, we're gonna need some nibbles!
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Luckily, I brought a sizeable stash of Winter Melon Cakes with me. Here's some for you... and here's a bunch for all your other guests...
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Wait! I almost forgot to count what's-her-face! Li'l Chubbikins, the one by the entrance.
::{{DIcon}} ..."Chubbikins"?
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Oh, sorry, I just mean she's round and chubby. Has she always lived here? It seems like it.
::{{DIcon}} Her name is Tubby. And yes, she was here even before me.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Ahh, okay, Tubby, Tubby... My bad.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Cool, cool... You seem to know all sorts of amazing people from all over the place.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Makes sense though. Everyone adores you &mdash; you're smart, talented, and there isn't a bad bone in your body.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' What's that? Me too? Hahaha, if you say so!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' You know, I haven't done a high-pole Wushou dance in aaages! I might go and gather some wood that I can sand down and use as Plum Blossom Poles.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' I should be able to find some in the area, but I wanna check first &mdash; do you have any Money Trees or Lucky Bamboo growing here?
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' If so, I'll make a note of where they are so I can keep my distance. Wouldn't want to scratch one by mistake, that would ruin everything...
::{{DIcon}} What do Money Trees and Lucky Bamboo look like?
:::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 04a 1.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' You know, I'm not actually sure. I've delivered loads of them for business clients before, but they all seemed like different species.
:::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 04a 2.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Dude, getting those things from where they grow in the mountains down into the city is a mammoth task. Not only is it a long journey, but they don't let you prune any of the branches off, and you have to water them according to a strict schedule...
:::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 04a 3.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' It's no joke. Fighting off ten bandits is an easier job than shifting one of those...
::{{DIcon}} Do you believe Money Trees can really make you rich?
:::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 04b 1.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' How would I know? Apparently they're so expensive, you'll bankrupt yourself buying one &mdash; I don't have the Mora to find out what happens after that!
:::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 04b 2.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' We actually have one at home though. My dad pays a visit to it first thing every morning.
:::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 04b 3.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' It hasn't made him rich so far, but I guess it does a good job of getting him to start each day fantasizing about being rich...? Uh, don't tell my dad I said that, or he'll be like, "Come here, son, I made a knuckle sandwich just for you!"
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Hehe, anyway, it's easy to poke fun at business people and their strange rituals when I don't know the first thing about business. But a client's a client, so I'll always respect their wishes down to the last detail.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' If they say it has to be watered at such-and-such a time of day on the dot, or left in the sun for exactly x minutes, then I'll do exactly as they say. No questions asked.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like you know at least the first thing about doing business.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Haha, that was a figure of speech and you know it. Being true to your word isn't a business skill, it's just the decent thing to do.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' It's basic respect to keep your promises to other people. But you know that, obviously &mdash; you always say what you mean and mean what you say. Your word is your bond.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' In any case, I gotta hold up my end of the deal to keep my job. I couldn't afford to do my Wushou dance without it.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Anyway, will you join me to gather some wood for Plum Blossom Poles? I'll repay you in the form of a Wushou dance called "Auspicious Beast Versus Money Tree." Sound good?
::{{DIcon}} Why didn't you say so? Let's go, I wanna see that!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Gaming.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Good morning to you too! I just finished my run, then practiced my horse stance and a few kicks.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' How's your day looking? I still got a few more moves to practice here, but do you wanna meet at the teahouse after I'm done?
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Gaming.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Oh okay, night! You got enough blankets, yeah? Make sure you wrap up nice 'n' warm.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' If you can't get to sleep and you need some company, lemme know! Whether there's stuff you wanna get off your mind, or you just wanna catch up on work, I'm down for hanging out.
::{{A|vo gaming mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' If you have a bad night, I'll make you an herbal tea tomorrow. No seriously, nighttime restlessness is all 'cause of heatiness, too.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Gathering of Gourmets===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly gaming restaurant 01.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Some of the greatest heroes come from the humblest of origins. I think that the same goes for good food too.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly gaming restaurant 02.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' There's an intimacy and charm to humble roadside stalls that no fancy restaurant could hope to replicate. Plus, you get to try food from a bunch of different chefs in the same place.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly gaming restaurant 03.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' The question is... Which place shall we start with? Any recommendations?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Cloudy Haze Dream-Court===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly gaming bedroom 01.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' I've been burning the candle at both ends recently, with nighttime guard duty for some of my clients in between delivery jobs. We take turns, but it still means I rarely get to sleep the whole night.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly gaming bedroom 02.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' That's on top of the fact that getting proper rest on a delivery job is impossible. I doze a bit, but sitting up so that I'm ready to leap into action at the first sign that something's amiss...
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly gaming bedroom 03.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' It's so nice to have a break from all that... *yawn* I'm so ready to switch off and get a good night's sleep.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Gaming/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Gaming/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:嘉明/仲間]]
[[ru:Ка Мин/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Gaming/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Gaming/Bạn Đồng Hành]]