{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19143
|image         = Hangout Event Gang Bylaws.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Kuki Shinobu
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Gang's Daily Deeds
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Ways and Means
|next          = That'll Learn Them!
|next2         = Temporary Escape
|characters    = Aikawa Susumu; Akira; Eita; Genta; Kuki Shinobu; Mamoru; Matsumoto; Souta; Traveler; Yuma
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Gang Bylaws''''' is a quest in {{Quest|The Gang's Daily Deeds}}.

==Steps==
# Track [[Mamoru]] and the others down
# Go to [[Aisa Bathhouse]] to search
# Track [[Genta]] and whoever else is with him down
# Go under the bridge to check
# Go outside [[Inazuma City]]
# Search further north

==Dialogue==
===Gang Bylaws===
{{Quest Description|Having heard that Shinobu is about to implement some special Gang Bylaws, Mamoru and the others flee as quickly as they can...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon reaching the location)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914301 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hmm? That's the owner of Aisa Bathhouse. What's he looking at?

;(Aikawa Susumu Idle line)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914301 aikawasusumu 01.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' What was that...?

;(Talk to Matsumoto)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914301 matsumoto 01.ogg}} '''Matsumoto:''' Did I see anyone come by this way? Sorry, I was concentrating on my lemon water tasting...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914301 matsumoto 02.ogg}} '''Matsumoto:''' Your best bet would probably be to ask someone at the bathhouse across the road.

;(Talk to Aikawa Susumu)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914301 aikawasusumu 02.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' I was just doing some cleaning when I suddenly heard a loud noise outside.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914301 aikawasusumu 03.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' I got to the door just in time to see {{color|buzz|a shadowy figure disappear up that tree}}!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914301 aikawasusumu 04.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' This is a busy street... Surely it wouldn't be a burglar, would it...?
----
;(Mamoru idle line)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Please don't see me, please don't see me...

;(Talk to Mamoru)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Come on, get up. What are you crouching there for?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 mamoru 02.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Eek! ...Shinobu, what are you doing up here...?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 aikawasusumu 01.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' Hey! What do you think you're doing, climbing up on someone else's roof?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Oh... Sorry, coming down.

:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 aikawasusumu 02.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' *sigh* If you're gonna horse around, fine &mdash; but you have to know when to rein it in, okay?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 aikawasusumu 03.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' It's darn lucky that you didn't break any roof tiles. Otherwise, I'd have to close the place down while I get it fixed...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 mamoru 03.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' S&mdash;Sorry!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' We're very sorry. I will be much stricter with him in the future.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' If, on closer inspection, you do find any damage, please come to [[Hanamizaka]] and ask for me. The Arataki Gang will bear the cost of repairs.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 aikawasusumu 04.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' It's okay, all's well that ends well. It's just, if you carry on like this, causing mischief day after day, night after night... Sooner or later, accidents are gonna happen.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 aikawasusumu 05.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' I can see that you're a reasonable person. For your own sake, find a way to keep your subordinates in line.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I will. Thank you for understanding.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' For the sake of both the Arataki Gang and the community, I will get them to start behaving themselves as a matter of urgency.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 mamoru 04.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Uh, hehe, we'll do better, we promise!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Listen carefully. From now on, you must strictly abide by the Gang Bylaws of the Arataki Gang.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Gang Bylaws, Article 1: Do not damage other people's property.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' In case of violation, the member shall compensate the victim for their full losses, including the cost of repairs, lost business hours, and &mdash; depending on the situation &mdash; compensation for emotional distress.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' If the offending member cannot immediately afford to pay the compensation, the Arataki Gang will extend to the member a loan for the full sum, on the condition that they take on paid employment and repay the loan within an agreed time period. Including interest, of course.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 11.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' As a further security, all of the offending member's gang assets, including Onikabuto and Genius Invokation TCG cards, will be frozen until the loan is repaid in full...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 mamoru 05.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' No... No! I'm sorry, I get it now, I promise!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 12.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Good &mdash; then no more violations in the future. Now, where are Genta and Akira?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 mamoru 06.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Uh... Boss said that a fellow gang member is a brother from another mother, and we should never betray the brotherly bond...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 13.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' If they've violated the Gang Bylaws and you're withholding knowledge of their whereabouts, you'll be punished as an accomplice along with them.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 mamoru 07.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Hanamizaka, they went to Hanamizaka! I saw with my own eyes!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 14.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Let's go, {{Traveler}}. I hope they haven't caused any trouble.

;(After finding Mamoru)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 mamoru 08.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Shinobu, you can see I've learned my lesson for real this time. So maybe...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914302 shinobu 15.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Shut up and get a move on. If you try and run away again, you'll only have yourself to blame for the consequences.
----
;(Souta idle line)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914304 sota 01.ogg}} '''Souta:''' What are we gonna do...

;(Talk to the children)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914304 sota 02.ogg}} '''Souta:''' What are we gonna do? Do we really have to give up on playing [[Genius Invokation TCG|Genius Invokation]] today?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914304 eita 01.ogg}} '''Eita:''' We could try playing somewhere else. But where else apart from under the bridge can we escape from the grown-ups?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914304 sota 03.ogg}} '''Souta:''' Oh, I know! We can get [[Yoimiya]] to set off some fireworks and scare off the guy that took our spot!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914304 eita 02.ogg}} '''Eita:''' That's kinda mean... Although, he kicked us out first...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914304 sota 04.ogg}} '''Souta:''' Yeah, so it's his own fault!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914304 yuma 01.ogg}} '''Yuma:''' I think... maybe we should just go home and do our homework?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914304 yuma 02.ogg}} '''Yuma:''' People who spend all their time playing and never studying turn into {{color|buzz|the kind of grown-ups who hang out under brigdes}}, too...

;(Genta; idle line)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 genta 01.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Please don't see me, please don't see me...

;(Talk to Genta)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Why are you still hiding here? Come on out.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 genta 02.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Oh, uh... I... Shinobu...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 sota 01.ogg}} '''Souta:''' Whoa! The guy who stole our spot, he came out!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ugh... Sorry, we're coming up.

:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 genta 03.ogg}} '''Genta:''' ...I'm sorry! I shouldn't have stolen your spot! Well, at least, not without a fair fight first...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 genta 04.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Um, l&mdash;lemme make it up to you! As punishment, I'll play a game of Genius Invokation with you...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Huh? Cool, count me in! In the Arataki Gang, the victor shares the spoils... No, wait &mdash; brothers share our burdens! So, uh, punish us together!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 sota 02.ogg}} '''Souta:''' Ummm... I dunno, maybe not...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 eita 01.ogg}} '''Eita:''' It's so noisy over here, the grown-ups will definitely find us...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 eita 02.ogg}} '''Eita:''' If they find out that we came out to play cards before finishing our homework, we'll never be allowed to play again.
:{{DIcon}} These kids have more self-control than some people...
:{{DIcon}} Unlike some people, these kids know when enough is enough...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 yuma 01.ogg}} '''Yuma:''' Besides, if we never do our homework and play Genius Invokation all the time...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 yuma 02.ogg}} '''Yuma:''' ...We'll probably turn into big losers when we grow up.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 sota 03.ogg}} '''Souta:''' Huh? Seriously? You mean like... this guy!?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 eita 03.ogg}} '''Eita:''' Oh brother &mdash; quick, let's get back and do our homework!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 genta 05.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Hey, you little rascals!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Stop. Leave them alone, they're just kids.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Gang Bylaws, Article 2: No bullying of small children.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 genta 06.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Bylaws? What are they?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 mamoru 02.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Never mind that, just listen!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...Violators must give a sincere and unreserved apology to the victim and make amends.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Until such a time as the victim forgives the violator, they will be banned from participating in all gang activities, including Lavender Melon roasting sessions, The Great Singalong, Onikabuto battles... and Genius Invokation TCG.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 genta 07.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Nooooo!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Don't pretend to be the victim here. Tell me, where is Akira?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 genta 08.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Uhh... B&mdash;Boss said that homies are family, and family don't rat each other out... especially not to Shinobu...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Go on?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 genta 09.ogg}} '''Genta:''' He was heading out of the city! I saw it with my own eyes!
:{{DIcon}} Why do I get the feeling this happens all the time...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 genta 10.ogg}} '''Genta:''' When Shinobu gives me the look, I react automatically, I can't control it...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 mamoru 03.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Ahem! As members of the Arataki Gang, we brothers share our burdens! If that means getting taught a lesson, then we take it as a team!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Out of the city? A Doushin from the Police Station told me that things have been getting pretty rough out there recently...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 shinobu 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Let's go, {{Traveler}}. Hopefully we can catch up with him.

;(After finding Genta)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 genta 11.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Hey, uh, how did Shinobu find me so quickly? Mamoru... did you&mdash;
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914305 mamoru 04.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Aw geez, I'm just so worried about Akira, you know? He could be in real trouble! Quick, we gotta catch up with him!
----
;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914307 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' *panting* I swear I've never known Akira to run so fast before...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914307 genta 01.ogg}} '''Genta:''' I can't keep going... I think I'm actually gonna die... Phew...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914307 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Is something on your mind?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914307 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I heard from the Police Station about a group of [[Kairagi]] on the prowl outside the city...
:{{DIcon}} He'd still have to be very unlucky...
:{{DIcon}} The odds of Akira running into them are pretty low.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914307 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...Ugh, well anyway, the best we can do is find him as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914307 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' There's a lot of terrain to cover here. I think we might have to split up, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914307 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I'll get Mamoru and Genta somewhere safe and tell them to stay put. Then... I'll go south, you go north?
:{{DIcon}} Sure thing.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914307 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Thanks.

;(Talk to Kuki Shinobu)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914307 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Alright you two, stay here, you understand? No running off.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914307 mamoru 02.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' You can count on that... We ain't going anywhere right now...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914307 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Yes, I can see that. But you'd better not change your mind once you've caught your breath.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914307 genta 02.ogg}} '''Genta:''' We won't! Never again!
{{Dialogue End}}

===All the Way North===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Akira)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Hmm... I wonder if I can hide in this box...
:{{DIcon}} Whatcha looking at?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 02.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Huh? Ah, Shinobu! Please, have mercy...
:{{DIcon}} Shinobu isn't here.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 03.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Huh? Wheeew... You scared the heck out of me.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 04.ogg}} '''Akira:''' I was so sure she'd be with you... Boy, this is lucky.
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 05.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Hehe, I closed my eyes and just ran and ran, then I tripped and fell, and this is where I ended up...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 06.ogg}} '''Akira:''' And what do you know, it's the perfect hiding place! Even comes with these huge boxes...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 07.ogg}} '''Akira:''' If I can squeeze myself inside one of them, Shinobu will never find me!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 08.ogg}} '''Akira:''' ...Ah, don't sell me out, {{Traveler}}! Boss said our gang is our clan, and&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, I know, I know.
::{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 09.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Ah, nice! So you know how we roll, hehe!
:{{DIcon}} Well, I'm not a member of the gang.
::{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 10.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Ahem, well... friends should look out for each other too!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 11.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Anyway... please help me empty out one of these boxes...
:{{DIcon}} Shinobu said it's not safe around here.
:{{DIcon}} Kairagi might show up.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 12.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Kairagi? Wait a second, this sounds like Shinobu trying to scare me out of hiding...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 13.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Hmm... Even if it's not, I still feel like I'd rather face a bunch of Kairagi than an angry Shinobu...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 14.ogg}} '''Akira:''' I ran so far this time, Shinobu's gonna be furious with me... Yeah, I think I'd better stay in hiding for a while...
:{{DIcon}} No, come with me. I'll make sure Shinobu goes easy on you.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Fine, if she scares you that much, lemme help you hide...
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Branch 1====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} No, come with me. I'll make sure Shinobu goes easy on you.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 15.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Y&mdash;You will? ...How do I know you mean that?
:{{DIcon}} Because you're my brother from another mother.
:{{DIcon}} Because homies are family.
:{{DIcon}} Because our gang is our clan.

:{{DIcon}} And my word is my bond.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 16.ogg}} '''Akira:''' I guess with you there, maybe Shinobu really will let me off this time...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 17.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Okay... I'll come with you. I'm putting my life in your hands here!
:{{Black Screen|''You and Akira climb up the mountain...''}}
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 18.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Shinobu!?
:{{DIcon}} Oh... That's unexpected...
:{{DIcon}} How come you're here?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I finished searching the south and noticed you hadn't returned, so I came to see what was up on your end.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Looks like I was just in time.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 19.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Help me, {{Traveler}}! You promised!
:{{DIcon}} I... uh...
:{{DIcon}} Shinobu...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Relax, I'm not going to do anything.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 20.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Shinobu, spare me... Huh? Did I hear you right?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' We go through this song and dance every day. Even an omnipresent god would have a tough time keeping track of you all.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Besides, even when I teach you a lesson, it's not long before you're up to your usual antics again.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 21.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Hehe, in the Arataki Gang, we call that being too legit to quit!
:{{DIcon}} Dude. Not now.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' From now on, we will be using the Gang Bylaws of the Arataki Gang as the new disciplinary tool.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I've got the basics thought out already. Once it's finished, it'll be time for class.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Mamoru and Genta are waiting for you at Hanamizaka. You can make a study group and test each other on the rules.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 22.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Wait, what? Are you serious? {{Traveler}}, help!
:{{DIcon}} Come on, it's not that bad.
:{{DIcon}} A little learning isn't going to be fatal.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 23.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Ugh... I'm a member of the Arataki Gang, I ain't about to waste my life studying and doing homework!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 24.ogg}} '''Akira:''' I'm outta here!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Huh? Gang Bylaws, Article 3: Insubordination shall be punished by making the member recite all the bylaws from memory!
:;(Proceed to [[That'll Learn Them!]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Branch 2====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Fine, if she scares you that much, lemme help you hide...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 25.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Thanks!
:{{Black Screen|''Akira tries to squeeze himself into a box...''}}
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 26.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Why is there so much stuff in here? It's so cramped...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 27.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Ah, shoot! There goes the flyers...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 28.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Whew, finally made it...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 29.ogg}} '''Akira:''' But now there are flyers everywhere...
:{{DIcon}} They're visible from outside the box.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 30.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Well, can't do anything about it now. Can you go back and see what Shinobu's up to, {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914309 akira 31.ogg}} '''Akira:''' I need to figure out how long I need to lie low before she calms down...
:;(Proceed to [[Temporary Escape]])

;(Talk to Akira)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914801 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' It's so cramped in here... I hope Shinobu cools down soon...
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
Probably unused dialogue as there isn't accompanying VOs:
:'''Souta:''' Oh, come on!
:'''Yuma:''' Yeah, what the heck was that?
:'''Eita:''' Someone took our secret spot!
:'''Kuki Shinobu:''' I know what happened.

;(Talk to Aikawa Susumu)
:'''Aikawa Susumu:''' Someone's clambered onto my roof by stepping on my sakura tree's branches! Gah, how many tiles are they going to break this time...
{{Dialogue End}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Gang Bylaws
|zhs     = 派中法度
|zhs_rm  = Pài Zhōng Fǎdù
|zht     = 派中法度
|zht_rm  = Pài Zhōng Fǎdù
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 派中法度
|ja_rm   = Hachuu Hatto
|ja_tl   = Intra-gang Laws
|ko      = 아라타키파 법도
|ko_tl   = Arataki Faction Law
|es      = El Código de la Banda
|es_tl   = The Code of the Band
|fr      = Credo du gang
|fr_tl   = Gang's Principle
|ru      = Правила банды
|ru_tl   = Gang Laws
|th      = กฎของแก๊ง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Luật Bang
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Bandensatzung
|de_tl   = Gang Charter
|id      = Aturan Geng
|id_tl   = Geng Rules
|pt      = Regras da Gangue
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Çete Tüzüğü
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Regolamento della banda
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}