{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Ganyu
|id             = 368125
|image          = Character Ganyu Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Ganyu''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Time for work...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Liyue...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My contract...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I can't rest yet...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The plants here...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Any outstanding work?
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Hello.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Hello, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' If you have any outstanding work, feel free to delegate to me.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I think it's beautiful here.
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' It must have been quite an undertaking to decorate such a large space. Thank you for all your efforts.
::{{DIcon}} Don't mention it.
::{{DIcon}} As long as you like it.
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' In my spare time, I particularly enjoy taking strolls outside. It's so quiet and peaceful.
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Even at midday, it's perfectly safe to take a nap.
::{{DIcon}} Yes, you definitely don't need to worry about safety here...
:::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship1 05a.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Agreed! So I really do like it here.
::{{DIcon}} Take care to not catch a cold...
:::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship1 05b.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Please don't worry, I've slept like this every day for at least a thousand years.
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Anyway, um... Thanks so much, once again!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Sure... but I may not be able to offer any practical advice if our topic of discussion is not work-related.
::{{DIcon}} I just meant small talk.
::{{DIcon}} Don't worry about that.
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Oh, a&mdash;alright...
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' You know, I used to agonize a lot over whether to try and integrate into human society.
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' When our workload is light, my coworkers sometimes organize social events.
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' But my strict vegetarian diet is completely different from everyone else's. And I don't really share their interest in shopping or lively forms of entertainment.
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Sometimes they can be quite critical... People say that my whole mindset is just fundamentally different from an ordinary person's...
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' But what can I do? It's hard to change your habits when they've been that way for thousands of years...
::{{DIcon}} I'll think of a social activity that you would find easier to accept.
::{{DIcon}} I can go with you and help you slowly get accustomed.
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Then it would only be proper for me to offer you something in return! Shall I take you out... for a meal? In a restaurant?
::{{DIcon}} We're friends, so there's no need for all that formality.
:::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship2 09a.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Ahh... Okay... Duly noted!
::{{DIcon}} Sounds good, I'll take the opportunity to share more knowledge with you.
:::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship2 09b.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' ...Great, with your help, I'm sure I'll be able to integrate into human society in no time.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I thought maybe we could plant some flowers together. Or some other plants, like... vegetables...
::{{DIcon}} You must be good at gardening, huh?
:::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship3 02a 1.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Yes, indeed... You could say it's my greatest hobby... aside from work.
:::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship3 02a 2.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Though in the past, I've been reluctant to grow vegetables... I always worried that I wouldn't be able to control my appetite and I'd end up eating them all in one sitting...
::{{DIcon}} I've never seen you grow vegetables before.
:::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship3 02b.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' That's because... I've always feared I wouldn't be able to control my appetite, and that I'd end up eating all the vegetables I grew in one sitting...
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' But I'm sure that if I grow them together with you, I'll definitely be able to control myself!
::{{DIcon}} Even if you did eat them all, it wouldn't be such a big deal.
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' No, uh... you don't understand, I...
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I&mdash;I put on weight very easily, and...
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' If my appearance changed, then perhaps... I&mdash;I mean, the way people see me &mdash; well, the way you see me...
::{{DIcon}} ...Would remain unchanged.
:::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship3 07a 1.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Oh! Uh...
:::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship3 07a 2.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Still, I... I think it would be best to share them with you. You know, first rule of gardening &mdash; grow together, eat together!
::{{DIcon}} I'll eat them with you, then.
:::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship3 07b.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Great! And, uh... you'll help me plant them too, right...? First rule of gardening &mdash; grow together, eat together!
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' ...Anyway! I'll go, uh... fetch some seeds. I'll make sure they're the very best.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Ganyu.
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Where are you off to today, is it far? My schedule is actually free right now.
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Whether it's an ad-hoc assignment or any other task, I'm free to assist...
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo morning 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Oh...! I forgot to say... good morning, {{Traveler}}!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Ganyu.
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Good night to you as well, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo ganyu mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' For once, I don't need to work overtime at night... Huh... what a strange feeling...

{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Cloudy Haze Dream-Court===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly ganyu bedroom 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' A big bed and soft pillow, appropriate lighting, and even a miniature tree for embellishment...
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly ganyu bedroom 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' One can certainly rest well in a room like this.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly ganyu bedroom 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I will try to finish all of my work before the sun comes up, and then... have a good sleep.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Gathering of Gourmets===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly ganyu restaurant 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' That smell... the fragrance of true Liyue cuisine.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly ganyu restaurant 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Ahem... you must have put a lot of effort into finding these blueprints for [[Tubby|Rain Calmer]], yes?
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly ganyu restaurant 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Your liking for Liyue also signifies your approval of my work... Thank you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Ganyu/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Ganyu/Sérénithéière]]
[[it:Ganyu/Compagnia]]
[[ja:甘雨/仲間]]
[[ru:Гань Юй/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Ganyu/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Ganyu/Bạn Đồng Hành]]