{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73041
|image         = World Quest Garden Fairies.jpg
|type          = World
|chapter       = Aranyaka
|act           = Dream Nursery
|actType       = Part
|actNum        = II
|part          = 
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Complete step 1 of [[Festival Utsava]]
|characters    = Aralila; Aranishat; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Vanarana]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Vanarana
|next          = 
|exp           = 150
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Aralila and Aranishat's Flowers|1}}
}}
'''''Garden Fairies''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the series [[Aranyaka]]: Part II - [[Dream Nursery]]. It takes place during ''[[Festival Utsava]]''.

==Steps==
Start the quest by talking to [[Aranishat]] and [[Aralila]]
# Find Aralila!
# Find Aranishat!
#* Destroy the wooden boxes

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|At Festival Utsava, Aralila and Aranishat seem to be fighting over something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Aranishat)
:'''Aranishat:''' Oh, it's you, Golden Nara.
:'''Aralila:''' Nara friend, come play with Aralila! Aranishat is very weak. Don't play with him.
:'''Aranishat:''' Pfft, Aralila lost to Aranishat last time, so Aralila is weaker.
:'''Aralila:''' Fine, let's not bother about the sun and moon. Nara friend is here, so let's play with Nara friend. Let's compete to see who is stronger.
:'''Aranishat:''' Fine, let's compete. Aranishat's not scared.
:'''Aralila:''' Aralila hides first, then Nara friend comes to search. After that, Aranishat will hide, and Nara friend will search. The one who gets found first loses.
:'''Aralila:''' Do you want to play, Nara Friend? Let's start right away if you're ready!
:{{DIcon}} Let's play!
::'''Aralila:''' Hehe, I'll beat Aranishat this time!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe later.
::'''Aranishat:''' Good Nara, do not forget! I will have a decisive battle against Aralila!

:'''Aralila:''' Aralila is ready! Come find me, Golden Nara!

;(Talk to Aralila again, if "Maybe Later" was selected)
:'''Aralila:''' Do you want to play, Nara Friend? Let's start right away if you're ready!
:{{DIcon}} Let's play!
::'''Aralila:''' Hehe, I'll beat Aranishat this time!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe later.
::'''Aranishat:''' Good Nara, do not forget! I will have a decisive battle against Aralila!

;(Find Aralila)
:'''Aranishat:''' Hahahahaha! Aralila is weaker!
:'''Aralila:''' Golden Nara is indeed impressive to see through it so quickly... Hmm...
:'''Aranishat:''' Golden Nara is impressive, but it's mainly because Aralila is too weak. Aranishat will not be found so quickly. Humph! Just watch.

:'''Aranishat:''' Aranishat is stronger than Aralila. I'll hide out of sight, and Nara friend won't find me!

;(Find Aranishat)
:'''Aranishat:''' What? How!?
:'''Aralila:''' Aranishat was also found quickly. As weak as Aralila!
:'''Aranishat:''' Wah... All weak. Only Golden Nara is strong...
:'''Aralila:''' This is bad! Must train Ararakalari. With very strong Ararakalari, Nara friend won't be able to find me!
:{{DIcon}} I don't think that's how this works...
::'''Aralila:''' Are you afraid of losing? There's no need to care about winning or losing when playing games!
:{{DIcon}} Better luck next time.
::'''Aranishat:''' Yeah! I won't lose next time!
:'''Aralila:''' Even though I lost, I had fun. Golden Nara is a good Nara after all.
:'''Aranishat:''' Our Nara friend wins. Awesome! Please take our flowers!
:'''Aralila:''' Thank you, good Nara! You are a good friend!
;(Obtain [[Aralila and Aranishat's Flowers]])

;(Talk to Aralila or Aranishat again)
:'''Aranishat:''' Aralila, Nara have a incantation to find Nara in hiding. It goes like this: "Curry, curry in the air~ Hungry children it's time to come home~♪"
:'''Aralila:''' But what's curry?
:'''Aranishat:''' I don't know. But I heard little Nara will come when they hear this incantation! So, you can try it if you're looking for little Nara!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Garden Fairies
|zhs     = 花园的精灵
|zhs_rm  = Huāyuán de Jīnglíng
|zht     = 花園的精靈
|zht_rm  = Huāyuán de Jīnglíng
|zh_tl   = Spirits of the Garden
|zh_note = Without context, {{w|zh:精靈|精灵}} may also refer to elves, fairies, or others in different literary works.
|ja      = 花園の精霊
|ja_rm   = Hanazono no Seirei{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Spirits of the Garden
|ko      = 화원의 요정
|ko_rm   = Hwawon-ui Yojeong
|ko_tl   = Garden Fairies
|es      = Duendes de jardín
|es_tl   = Garden Elves
|fr      = Les esprits du jardin
|fr_tl   = The Garden Spirits
|ru      = Духи сада
|ru_tl   = Ghosts of the Garden
|th      = ภูตในสวน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Tinh Linh|精靈}} Vườn Hoa
|vi_tl   = Flower Garden Fairies
|de      = Kleine Wesen des Gartens
|de_tl   = Little Creatures of the Garden
|id      = Peri Kebun
|id_tl   = Garden Fairies
|pt      = Espíritos do Jardim
|pt_tl   = Spirits of the Garden
|tr      = Bahçe Perileri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fate del giardino
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}