{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73691
|image         = Event Quest Gathering of Stars.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = A Parade of Providence
|requirement   = Complete [[Opening Festivities]]
|characters    = Farbal; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Razan Garden]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[A Parade of Providence/Gathering of Stars|Gathering of Stars]] subevent.
}}
'''''Gathering of Stars''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[A Parade of Providence]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Farbal]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Farbal from Rtawahist seems to be busy with something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Farbal, optional)
:'''Farbal:''' (This really is just a toy! I'm not taking this job next time, never mind what anyone else says... *sigh*)

;(Talk to Farbal)
:'''Farbal:''' I hope everyone will enjoy this little gadget...
:{{DIcon}} What's there to play over here?
:'''Farbal:''' You're... the Traveler, aren't you? I'm Farbal, from Rtawahist.
:'''Farbal:''' Um, I don't suppose you know what it is we study here, do you?
:{{DIcon}} Huh. Well, I think it was...
:'''Farbal:''' We study the stars... though that's not a very precise way of putting it. We do have a lot of specializations within the Darshan itself.
:'''Farbal:''' Unfortunately, a lot of things about our research wouldn't make much sense to the average person if we just explained it as-is... In fact, the chances of them even being interested are slim.
:'''Farbal:''' And I was concerned that setting up an astrology booth would just end in the involved students getting into academic discussions and not manning the stall.
:'''Farbal:''' As such, after much discussion, we decided on a middle-of-the-road option.
:'''Farbal:''' See this special astrolabe? Many stars have been placed on it, and what you need to do is arrange them into a specified image.
:'''Farbal:''' These images will not be particularly complicated, and they will not involve any ongoing and as-yet-unresolved academic disputes.
:'''Farbal:''' Ahem... So, uh... A simple, fun, and definitely not divisive pictorial puzzle!
:{{DIcon}} You strike me as being really nervous.
:'''Farbal:''' Well, this game does have to do with the stars, after all. Some of our students get the sweats the moment they hear that word.
:'''Farbal:''' You don't know how many people I had to tell that this is just a toy and has nothing to do with academic research...
:'''Farbal:''' Never mind that. If you're interested, feel free to give it a go.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Gathering of Stars
|zhs       = 明星聚画
|zhs_rm    = Míngxīng Jùhuà
|zht       = 明星聚畫
|zht_rm    = Míngxīng Jùhuà
|zh_tl     = Picture Assembled From Bright Stars
|ja        = 星合わせの画
|ja_rm     = Hoshi-awase no Ga{{assumed}}
|ja_tl     = 
|ko        = 별이 모인 그림
|ko_tl     = Drawing Where Stars Gathered
|es        = Dibujos astrales
|es_tl     = Astral Drawings
|fr        = Rassemblement des étoiles
|fr_tl     = Gathering of Stars
|ru        = Собрание звёзд
|ru_tl     = Gathering of Stars
|th        = การรวมตัวของหมู่ดาว
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Minh Tinh Tụ Họa
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Sterncollagen
|de_tl     = Star Collage
|id        = Kumpulan Gambar Bintang
|id_tl     = Gathering of Star Images
|pt        = Junção de Estrelas
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Yıldız Yapbozu
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Congiunzione astrale
|it_tl     = Astral Conjunction
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:Junção de Estrelas (Missão)]]
[[ru:Собрание звёзд (задание)]]