{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Auras
|tab3 = Talents
}}
{{Community}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Game Systems
|type2        = Combat
}}
'''Gauge Unit Theory''', also known as '''Elemental Gauge Theory''', is a community-created framework on how [[Elements]] are handled within the game.<ref>NGA: [https://bbs.nga.cn/read.php?tid=24400590 《高等元素论》(正式版ver1.5)]</ref><ref>KeqingMains Theorycrafting Library: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSEovpheHaeum4Ba0MlNdfyOTsJ-wZzDmBof13bVztYtKDi6OQhLqNdwEkEApo6vvtAV0L_tMal2ZTN/pub#h.tkybj39mqnlv Gauge Unit Theory]</ref>

It attempts to explain the following phenomena:
* [[Elemental Reactions]]
* [[Gauge Unit Theory/Auras|Elemental Auras]], duration, and decay (including gauge units and breaking elemental shields/armor)
* [[Internal Cooldown]] of elemental application

==Introduction==
The fundamental concepts of Gauge Unit Theory are '''auras''' from elemental attacks and the '''gauge cost''' of elemental reactions.

'''Elemental Gauge''' &mdash; Also known as a '''gauge unit''', this is a theoretical unit bound to the application of an element from an external source, such as a character's [[talent]]. This can be thought of as the strength or amount of the applied element.
* The value of this gauge influences both the <u>duration</u> of applied elements that are auras (see below) and <u>how many reactions</u> can result from the applied element.
* The higher the gauge, the stronger the element application. This means elemental auras (see below) last longer, and non-auras consume more of an aura.

'''Elemental Aura''' &mdash; An application of an element from an external source, such as a character's talent, that lingers on enemies and other entities after application.
* {{Cryo}}, {{Dendro}}, {{Electro}}, {{Hydro}}, and {{Pyro}} '''can''' apply an aura.
* {{Anemo}} and {{Geo}} '''cannot''' apply an aura.
* ''Generally'', if an element other than {{Anemo}} or {{Geo}} is applied first and then a second element is applied before the first one expires, then the first element applies an aura while the second one consumes some amount of the aura. The amount of aura consumed depends on the gauges of both elemental applications.

'''Decay''' &mdash; Depending on the value of the elemental gauge, the elemental aura will decay at a certain rate.

==Elemental Application==
{{See also|Gauge Unit Theory/Talents}}
The following discusses notation used to describe the gauge unit application of character's elemental attacks.

===Aura Tax===
If an aura is created from an elemental attack, there will be an '''Aura Tax''', which reduces 20% of the gauge. However, [[Gauge Unit Theory/Auras#Self Auras|Self Auras]] and Auras created as a result of an [[Shields/Enemy|Elemental Shield]] are not affected.

<math>\text{Gauges}_\text{Aura} = 0.8 \times \text{Gauges}_\text{Elemental Attack}</math>

For example, if [[Bennett]] applies 2 GU of Pyro with the tap version of [[Passion Overload]], the Pyro aura produced on the target will only have 1.6 GU at the moment of creation.

==={{Cryo}}, {{Dendro}}, {{Electro}}, {{Hydro}}, and {{Pyro}}===
The notation for elements capable of applying an ''Aura'' uses two values to convey the elemental properties of the character ability.

*'''Elemental Gauge Value''' &mdash; This denotes the amount of the element the character's ability applies.
** A character's ability can apply a base elemental gauge values of '''1''', '''2''', or '''4''' '''units'''.
** Note that in the game's source code, the gauge unit value is denoted using a parameter named "Element Durability".
*** 1 Gauge Unit = 25 units of Element Durability

*'''Decay Rate''' &mdash; This denotes the speed at which the resulting elemental aura decays.
** The elemental aura produced by most attacks can have a base decay rate of '''95/8''', '''7.5''', or '''3.4''' '''seconds per unit''' - which for convenience and differentiation should be noted as '''A''', '''B''', and '''C'''.

*'''Character Ability Gauge Value''' &mdash; The final notation combined from the elemental gauge and duration value.
**The gauge value of '''<u>ALL</u>''' character abilities are noted to initially apply <u>only</u> the following combinations: <u>'''1A'''</u>, <u>'''2B'''</u>, or <u>'''4C'''</u>. It is only after a certain duration or reaction do these values change dynamically.
** For the complete dataset for character talents, see [[Gauge Unit Theory/Talents]].

;Aura Duration Equation
Setting the elemental gauge values of 1, 2, and 4 in the equation below produces aura durations of 9.5, 12.0, and 17.0 seconds, respectively.

:<math>\begin{align} \text{Aura Duration} = 2.5E + 7 \quad [\text{seconds}], \quad E = \text{Elemental Gauge Value} \end{align}</math>

Dividing the durations with their respective gauges produces the values for '''A''', '''B''', and '''C'''. This notation not only accounts for elemental gauges but also decay durations - which will be particularly useful in reaction calculations.

<u>Example</u>: An elemental aura noted to be {{Color|Hydro|0.75B}} is defined to have '''0.75 Units''' of {{Hydro}} gauge. The {{Hydro}} aura, without any reaction, has a decay duration of '''5.625 seconds''' (0.75 × 7.5).

==={{Anemo}} and {{Geo}}===
The notation for elements incapable of applying an ''Aura''  and thus, <u>cannot decay</u>, only uses the elemental gauge value. The Anemo/Geo status may sometimes exist very briefly on the target (as in a Swirl or Crystallize reaction), before immediately disappearing.
*'''Elemental Gauge Value''' &mdash; This denotes the amount of the element the character's ability applies.
** A character's ability can apply a base elemental gauge value of '''1''', '''2''', or '''4''' '''units'''.

==Elemental Reactions==
An elemental reaction is produced from a combination of two different elements. The gauges of the elemental aura and the triggering element dictate the cost of the reaction &mdash; specifically, in each reaction, this is expressed as:

==={{Color|Pyro|Melt}}, {{Color|Hydro|Vaporize}}, {{Color|Pyro|Overload}}, {{Color|Electro|Superconduct}}, {{Color|Geo|Crystallize}}, and {{Color|Anemo|Swirl}}===
:<math>\begin{align}
E_{\text{Result}} &= E_{\text{Aura}} - R \times E_{\text{Trigger}} \\
E &= \text{Elemental Gauge Value} \\
R &= \text{Reaction Coefficient}
\end{align}</math>

*When <math>E_{\text{Result}} > 0</math>, the elemental gauge is reduced due to the reaction, however the aura still remains.
*When <math>E_{\text{Result}} < 0 \Rightarrow E_{\text{Result}} = 0</math>, the elemental aura is cleared.

The Reaction Coefficient for each reaction type is as follows:

{| class="article-table" style="text-align:center"
! Reaction Type !! Reaction Coefficient, <math>R</math>
|-
| Strong Melt and Strong Vaporize
| 2
|-
| Weak Melt, Weak Vaporize, Crystallize, and Swirl
| 0.5
|-
| Overloaded, Superconduct, and Frozen
| 1
|}

{{Color|Pyro|Strong Melt}} is triggered by applying {{color|Pyro}} on a {{Color|Cryo|Cryo aura}}, while {{Color|Hydro|Strong Vaporize}} is triggered by applying {{Hydro}} on a {{Color|Pyro|Pyro aura}}. Conversely, {{Color|Cryo|Weak Melt}} is triggered by applying {{Cryo}} on a {{Color|Pyro|Pyro aura}}, while {{Color|Hydro|Weak Vaporize}} is triggered by applying {{Pyro}} on a {{Color|Hydro|Hydro aura}}.

<u>Example</u>: A target with {{Color|Pyro|2 units}} of {{Color|Pyro aura}} can trigger {{Color|Cryo|Weak Melt}} <u>4 times</u> by using a trigger of {{Color|Cryo|1 unit}} of {{Cryo}} <math>[2 - (0.5 \times 1) \times (4 \text{ times}) \Rightarrow 0]</math>, however, a target with {{Color|Cryo|2 units}} of {{Cryo}} can only trigger {{Color|Pyro|Strong Melt}} <u>once</u> using a trigger of {{Color|Pyro|1 unit}} of {{Pyro}} <math>[2 - (2 \times 1) \times (1 \text{ time}) \Rightarrow 0]</math>.

In practice, the decay of elemental aura and internal cooldown of elemental application might negatively impact the ability to repeatedly trigger reactions. However, the underlying principle is the same - weak reactions are meant to be triggered repeatedly for multiple damage instances while strong reactions are meant to be triggered once for massive damage.

==={{Color|Cryo|Frozen}} and {{Color|menu|Shatter}}===
{{Main|Gauge Unit Theory/Auras#Frozen}}
When Frozen is triggered, Hydro and Cryo are consumed as usual, but will create a {{Color|Cryo|Frozen}} Aura which can react with {{Pyro}}, {{Electro}}, and {{Anemo}}.
* '''Reaction Coefficient''' is <math>R = 1</math>.
* {{Hydro}} or {{Cryo}} Auras can coexist with the {{Color|Cryo|Frozen}} Aura as Underlying Auras.
** Underlying Auras will be created if the initial aura used to trigger Frozen was not fully consumed, or if Hydro/Cryo is reapplied after Frozen has been triggered.
** Underlying Auras have complex interaction behaviors when triggering further reactions. See [[Gauge Unit Theory/Auras##Coexistence of Elements]] for details.
* {{Color|menu|Shatter}} prioritizes the application of a [[Blunt Attack|heavy attack]] (e.g. Claymore, Geo, Plunging Attack, Explosion) over the element of the same attack. This clears the {{Color|Cryo|Frozen}} effect and only applies the elemental aura afterwards.

==={{Color|Electro|Electro-Charged}}===
* {{Electro}} and {{Hydro}} exist simultaneously as an aura during the reaction regardless of the element that acted initially as the aura or trigger.
* The consumption for {{Color|Electro-Charge}} occurs each tick, and reduces the gauge of both elements by '''0.4U''' until either element's gauge value reaches 0.
* The target is inflicted by both {{Electro}} and {{Hydro}} auras at the same time for the duration of {{Color|Electro|Electro-Charged}} thus reactions involving these elements are still  possible during its duration (i.e. a {{Pyro}} attack can trigger both {{Color|Pyro|Vaporize}} and {{Color|Pyro|Overload}} simultaneously on an {{Color|Electro|Electro-Charged}} target).

==={{Color|Pyro|Burning}}===
{{Main|Gauge Unit Theory/Auras#Burning}}
The Burning reaction applies a {{Color|Pyro|Burning}} Aura. The Burning State is maintained by both the Burning and Dendro auras and will end if either is depleted.
* While Burning, the Dendro Aura will be affected by a consumption of '''0.4U''' per second.
* {{Pyro}} and {{Dendro}} Auras can coexist with the {{Color|Pyro|Burning}} Aura as Underlying Auras.

==Decay Rate Inheritance==
For '''Identical Elements''' - the elemental gauge value will inherit the elemental gauge of the initial aura or the trigger - whichever is higher, however, the decay rate of the initial elemental aura will be inherited.

* <u>Example</u>: Applying {{Color|Cryo|1A}} on a {{Color|Cryo|1.6B}} aura is inefficient since the resulting gauge would still be {{Color|Cryo|1.6B}}, which still has a decay duration of '''12.0 seconds'''. However, the reverse, applying {{Color|Cryo|2B}} on a {{Color|Cryo|0.8A}} aura is better since the resulting gauge would be {{Color|Cryo|1.6A}} (after Aura Tax), which now has a duration of '''19.0 seconds'''.

For '''Reactions''' - the decay rate of the initial elemental aura is also inherited up until it is cleared by reactions.

* <u>Example</u>: Applying {{Color|Cryo|1A}} on a {{Color|Electro|1.6B}} aura would cause a {{Color|Cryo|Superconduct}} reaction that still leaves an elemental aura of {{Color|Electro|0.6B}}.

This may or may not apply to certain reactions due to their nature: {{Color|Electro|Electro-Charged}}, {{Color|Cryo|Frozen}}, and {{Color|menu|Shatter}}.

==Elemental Shields==
{{Main|Shields/Enemy}}
Elemental shields are a visualized form of auras used by enemies and objects that do not decay by themselves unless in special cases. The gauge units of elemental shields determines their durability, and the shield bar displays the amount of gauge units remaining.

As one of the means of breaking elemental shields, Elemental Reactions consume the gauge units of elemental shields just like they do regular auras, and their effectiveness is still determined by the Reaction Coefficient. Note that this behavior may be described differently elsewhere for ease of understanding.

==Internal Cooldown of Elemental Application==
{{Main|Internal Cooldown}}
Triggering reactions has no cooldown, but characters' skills have internal cooldowns before being able to reapply their elemental effect.

When applying an element with an attack, there is an internal cooldown (ICD) on sequential applications with the same type of attack.

Attack strings are counted in series of 3, of which only the first hit in the series will normally apply an element.

Additionally, the moment you start an attack series, a 2.5s timer starts running, and regardless of where you are in a series, the next attack after the 2.5s timer expires will be an elemental application. The timer will reset the progress of the attack series.

Different characters don't share ICDs.
*For example, when Klee does a Normal Attack to an enemy, it will apply a Pyro state. Then, quickly switch to Mona and let her do a Normal Attack, it can trigger a Vaporize reaction.

The ICD is individual for each enemy.
*For example, when Klee does a Normal Attack to the enemy A, it will apply a Pyro state to the enemy A. Then, quickly let Klee do another Normal Attack to the enemy B, it can apply a Pyro state to the enemy B.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Gauge Unit Theory
|zhs     = 高等元素论
|zhs_rm  = Gāoděng Yuánsù-lùn
|zhs_tl  = Advanced Element Theory
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Combat Navbox}}
[[Category:Gauge Unit Theory| ]]