{{Event
|name              = Participate in the Genius Invokation TCG Challenge for a chance to split a total reward of Primogems ×80,000!
|image             = Genius Invokation TCG Challenge Contest Season 2.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-04-14 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-05-21 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/17928119
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Duelists~<br>I'm here to play cards with everyone again, and this time I brought many gifts for everyone!<br>In order to allow more Travelers to participate, this season's challenge is divided into 4 phases, each lasting one week! 20,000 Primogems will be awarded each week for a total of 80,000 Primogems!<br>Don't rush, don't rush! Let's take a look at the schedule first, and don't forget to register!}}
'''Participate in the Genius Invokation TCG Challenge for a chance to split a total reward of Primogems ×80,000!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.6]].

==Event Schedule==
* Phase 1: April 24, 2023 – April 30, 2023 (UTC+8)
* Phase 2: May 1, 2023 – May 7, 2023 (UTC+8)
* Phase 3: May 8, 2023 – May 14, 2023 (UTC+8)
* Phase 4: May 15, 2023 – May 21, 2023 (UTC+8)

*Note: After each phase, a new round of reward calculations will begin!

==How to Register==
Complete the following two steps to successfully register for the event:
# Comment in reply to the event challenge post.
# Link your Genshin Impact UID to your HoYoLAB account under your My Information page.
*Genshin Impact UID registration guidelines: My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact
Reminder #1: Your Genshin Impact UID is your in-game ID number, not your HoYoLAB community ID. Be sure to enter the correct ID.<br>
Reminder #2: You only need to register once. The system will register you by default for all event phases from the date of registration, so you do not need to sign up repeatedly.

==Reward Rules: How do I obtain Primogems ×100?==
From the day the registration is completed, Travelers will enter the calculation period of the current phase.

During the calculation period, the results of the first three Genius Invokation TCG duels each day in "Co-Op - Match-Making Mode" are considered valid for participation. Travelers will receive points based on the results of each duel:
* Victory: +3 points
* Defeat: +1 point
* Forfeit (completing less than 3 total duels that day): -1 point

In each event phase, we will randomly select 200 winners from the participants who have obtained 30 points or more, awarding each winner with Primogems ×100.

===Supplementary Scoring Rules===
# "Each Day" is based on the game's server time in the region where the Traveler is located during the calculation period of the current phase. The reset time is at 04:00 every day.
# After the end of each phase, the points will be reset, and the score will be calculated again starting the following week.
# The end time of each duel decides the day on which this duel is counted. If you don't complete a duel before the reset time, the points from that duel will count towards the next day's score.
# Please note that only duels in "Match-Making" mode can award points for the event. Games in "Invite Teammate" mode will be considered invalid for event participation.

==Rewards==
# In each event phase, we will randomly select 200 winners from the participants who have obtained 30 points or more to win Primogems ×100.
# For the duration of the event, Travelers who score 1 point or more will get a commemorative HoYoLAB Genius Invokation TCG Avatar Frame.

==Additional Rules==
# Participants are encouraged to enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the scores of each phase and reward results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications, you will not be able to receive messages about your score and reward for the current phase.<br>Link to reward notification settings:https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# Participants are encouraged to go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If you do not provide your UID after the end of this event, your participation will be considered invalid.
# Primogem rewards can be accumulated. Theoretically, a player can obtain a maximum of Primogems ×400 total over the 4 phases of the event.
# The list of winners of the 1st and 2nd phase will be published before May 20, 2023 (UTC+8), while that of the 3rd and 4th phase will be announced within two weeks (UTC+8) after the end of the respective phase of the competition.
# Primogems and Avatar Frame rewards will be issued before June 21, 2023 (UTC+8). Please stay tuned for messages from HoYoLAB and in-game mail for update details.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}