{{Event
|name              = Genius Invokation TCG Community "Tit-For-Tat" Friendship Contest
|image             = Genius Invokation TCG Community Tit-For-Tat Friendship Contest.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-05-15 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-05-21 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/18545169
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>Genius Invokation TCG has been out for a while now~ Have you duked it out with your friends yet? Whatever the outcome, it's always a great time with your friends at The Cat's Tail!<br>Invite a friend to The Cat's Tail in this event!}}
'''Genius Invokation TCG Community "Tit-For-Tat" Friendship Contest''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.6]].

==Event Duration==
May 15 – May 21 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
The list of winners will be announced in this post after June 21.

==How to Participate==
Step 1: Invite a friend to The Cat's Tail during the event period and compete against them in a "Friendly Duel."<br>
Step 2: After the game is over, regardless of the outcome, ask your friend in team chat "What do you think of my TCG skills?" and wait for their response.<br>
Step 3: Use the #Tit-For-Tat Friendship Contest topic to post screenshots of your duel and conversation under the topic!
*Tip 1: It is recommended to hide the IDs and nicknames of both players before posting screenshots!
*Tip 2: We look forward to your friends' honest reactions, so please don't tell them anything prior to the duel! And don't forget to ask your friends for permission before posting a screenshot!

==Reward Rules==
* The 40 Travelers who receive the most likes and comments on their post by the end of the event will each receive Primogems ×100.
* We will also randomly select 100 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to win Primogems ×50 each.

==Additional Rules==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time to facilitate our issuance of Primogems. If you do not provide your UID after the end of this event, your participation will be considered invalid.
# Only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# Participants are encouraged to enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results of each phase via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued.<br>Link to reward notification settings: https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# All Primogem rewards will be issued before June 21, 2023 (UTC+8). Please stay tuned for messages from HoYoLAB and in-game mail for issuance details.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}