{{Event
|name              = Genius Invokation TCG Challenges Are Back! A full collection of Battlefield Valor Series Character Blind Boxes awaits!
|image             = Genius Invokation TCG Challenges Are Back! A full collection of Battlefield Valor Series Character Blind Boxes awaits!.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-03-23 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-03-28 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/17209981
}}
{{Description|Olah, card players! I'm here to play the card game with you once again!<br>I heard that in Version 3.5 of Genshin Impact, there are three new Character Cards available: Eula, Sangonomiya Kokomi, and Kujou Sara. Did you get these cards yet?<br>I've prepared new Genius Invokation TCG challenges for everyone! If you can successfully complete them, you will have the chance to win amazing merchandise rewards! Come check them out!}}
'''Genius Invokation TCG Challenges Are Back! A full collection of Battlefield Valor Series Character Blind Boxes awaits!''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.5]].

==Event Duration==
March 23 – March 28 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
The list of winners will be announced in this post after April 22.

==Challenge Registration==
# Comment on this post.
# You must have a Genshin Impact UID registered under the HoYoLAB account that you're leaving a comment with.
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Genshin Impact UID registration guidelines: My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Note that any account that does not register a Genshin Impact UID will not be considered a successful participant.

==Challenge Rules==
# All challenges are valid only during the event period. Please complete the challenges during the duration of the event.
# There are 3 challenges in total. If you complete any of the challenges, you will be eligible for the corresponding prize raffle.
# If you have already completed the challenges before the event begins. You only need to complete the challenge registration to be eligible for the corresponding prize raffle.

==Challenges==
===Challenge 1===
Objective: In Genius Invokation TCG, obtain any of the three new Character Cards: Eula, Sangonomiya Kokomi, and Kujou Sara.<br>
Prize Draw Reward: Mondstadt Character Acrylic Stand: Eula<br>
Reward Quantity: 10

===Challenge 2===
Objective: Win in a Serious Showdown invitation duel with any of the three new characters: Eula, Sangonomiya Kokomi, and Kujou Sara.<br>
Prize Draw Reward: Azhdaha Plush Seat Cushion<br>
Reward Quantity: 5

===Challenge 3===
Objective: Claim the reward when any of the three new Character Cards reaches 10 Proficiency: Eula, Sangonomiya Kokomi, and Kujou Sara.<br>
Prize Draw Reward: Battlefield Valor Series Character Blind Box Set: Mondstadt (6 per set)<br>
Reward Quantity: 2

==Event Rewards==
Battlefield Valor Series Character Blind Box Set: Mondstadt (6 per set) ×2<br>
Azhdaha Plush Seat Cushion ×5<br>
Mondstadt Character Acrylic Stand: Eula ×10

==Note==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the challenge event is over, they will not be able to participate in this event or claim their rewards.
# Only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked and only the highest prize won will be awarded.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# Participating Travelers in the event should enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued.<br>Link to system notification settings: https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# If you have received a system message regarding reward delivery, please fill out your shipping address according to the guidelines within one month of receiving said message. If you failed to fill in the required information in time, you will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited the reward.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}