{{Event
|name              = Genshin Impact and Discord Account Linking Now Available: Complete Discord Account Linking to Unlock More Game Info Display and One-Click Rewards
|image             = Genshin Impact and Discord Account Linking.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Indefinite
|group2            = Login
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-08-20 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = none
|link              = https://act.hoyoverse.com/puzzle/hk4e/pz_O8pNvKBZ8v/index.html
|linkname          = Event Page
|link2             = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/125381
|link2name         = Official Announcement
}}
'''Genshin Impact and Discord Account Linking Now Available: Complete Discord Account Linking to Unlock More Game Info Display and One-Click Rewards''' is a [[Web Event]] that began in [[Version 4.8]] which allows players to link their Discord and Genshin Impact accounts. This integration will enable real-time in-game information sharing on Discord, simplified co-op invites, and a one-time Primogem reward for initial linking.

==How to Complete the Linking==
On the Event Page:
# Log in and link the HoYoverse Account and Genshin Impact game account to be used
# Log in to Discord
Once logged in, the page will detect the users login status. Clicking the "Link Account" in the center will successfully complete the Genshin Impact Discord account linking.

==How to Obtain Rewards==
# After completing the linking of Discord and Genshin Impact accounts, users will need to manually click to claim their reward.
#* The reward will be sent to the in-game mailbox of the linked account and may have a delay. The email with the reward will be valid for 30 days, so please claim it promptly.
# Each game account can only receive the reward once. A user cannot switch the linked Discord account to claim the reward multiple times.
# If a Discord account is terminated or suspended, or account age changes have occurred before rewards are distributed, this may result in rewards not being delivered. Please head to the account linking page and provide authorization again to prevent issues in receiving said rewards.
# If users need to unlink your accounts after collecting the rewards, please wait for the rewards to be delivered via the corresponding account's in-game mail before proceeding. Users can unlink their account only once per calendar month, so please make sure to select a primary account.
#* Users personal information will only be used for platform display.
# A Discord account can claim a maximum of 4 Genshin Impact first-link rewards. If a user has already used a Genshin Impact account to link to a Discord account, it cannot be used to link to another Discord account.
# Do not rent, lend, or allow others to use a personal game account or Discord account. If such cases are found, HoYoverse reserve the right to cancel the rewards issuance and handle it in accordance with the relevant Terms of Service.
# Please also comply with [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/company/terms Genshin Impact's Terms of Service], [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/company/privacy Privacy Policy], and Discord's relevant policy regulations.

==Information Display==
# After completing the linking of a Discord account and Genshin Impact account, when users start Genshin Impact (on PC and mobile), the information will be displayed on Discord.
# After completing the link, the following game information will be displayed on Discord: Nickname, Adventure Rank, game server, and online duration.

Notes:
* Due to technical limitations, currently, PS server gameplay status display is not supported.
* Currently, only the above game data can be displayed. Stay tuned for more features in future updates!

==Unlinking Instructions==
Users can unlink their accounts by going to the official linking page and clicking the "Unlink" button.

==How to Change the Link==
# After unlinking, users can change to a Genshin Impact account that has not been linked to any Discord accounts.

Please note: Users can change the link once per calendar month, so please proceed with caution.

Lastly, if users have any suggestions or feedback regarding the use of Discord account linking, they are encouraged to leave a comment or provide feedback through Modmail on the official server.

==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|Primogem = 30
|sort  = Primogem
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[ja:原神とDiscordアカウント紐付け]]
[[vi:Liên Kết Tài Khoản Genshin Impact Và Discord]]