{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Gallery
}}
{{Stub|more details from https://www.hoyolab.com/article/34859339}}
{{Event Infobox
|name              = Genshin Impact × Happy Lemon
|image             = Collaboration Genshin Impact × Happy Lemon.png
|type              = Collaboration
|country    = U.S.
|start_date = 2024-11-15
|end_date   = 2024-12-31
}}
'''Genshin Impact × Happy Lemon''' is a collaborative effort between ''[[Genshin Impact]]'' creators [[miHoYo]] and {{w|Happy Lemon}}.

==Collaborations==
To date, there has been '''1''' collaboration between ''Genshin Impact'' and Happy Lemon.

===2024 - Klee and Jean===
This collaboration features two drink items, with a custom theme centered around [[Klee]] and [[Jean]]. There are also matching merchandise items available with combos.

These include:
* TEA-PUCCINO WITH SKY CREAM & OREO
* TEA-PUCCINO WITH PINK CREAM & POP ROCKS

Additionally, the items also comes with a redemption code which includes:
* {{Item|Primogem|x=40}}
* {{Item|Fruity Smoothie|x=2}}
* {{Item|Fruity Duet|x=2}}
* {{Item|Cheese and Dew Teatime|x=1}}

Redemption code rules:
* In-game rewards is{{sic}} included with the purchase of any combo set.
* Redemption Code Validity: From November 15, 2024, 00:00:00 (UTC-5) to January 31, 2025, 23:59:59 (UTC-5)
* The redemption code rewards can only be redeemed once per game account.

====Event Details====

# The collaboration is available in the U.S. from November 15, 2024 to December 31, 2024.
# Buy any exclusive combo set to receive a free sticker, in-game rewards, and a themed paper bag.
# The redemption code reward can only be redeemed once per game account.
# The "KLEE BES-TEA COMBO" and "JEAN BES-TEA COMBO" only differ in beverage flavor, but the freebies are the same.
# The Collab Products are only available for in-store orders; delivery and app orders are not eligible. 
# Due to various factors, HappyLemon Hawaii will not be participating in this event.