{{Event
|name              = Genshin's Got Impact
|image             = Genshin's Got Impact.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-03-30 00:00:01
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-04-27 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1509515864726405123
|link2             = https://activity.us.tiktok.com/magic/eco/runtime/release/62381ad35c31000312df308e?appType=muse
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
'''Genshin's Got Impact''' is a Web [[Event]] in [[Version 2.6]].

==Event Duration==
The Event begins on 30th March 2022 at 0:00:01 (UTC+8) and ends on 27th April 2022 at 23:59:59
(UTC+8) (the "Event Period") and consists of the phases set forth in the chart below:

==Designated Missions==
# Post videos with #GenshinMoments
#* All videos shall attach designated hashtag #GenshinMoments,shall tag@genshinimpact_en and shall show the game play of Genshin Impact for at least 1 second. Videos failed to fulfill required hashtag, tag required official accounts and/or show gameplay will not get Points. All entrants can do all the following post videos mission once only during the whole event.
#* Post 1 qualified video: 5 Points
#* Post 3 qualified videos: additional 5 Points
#* Post 5 qualified videos: additional 5 Points
#* Post 10 and more than 10 videos: additional 10 Points
# Daily Check-in
#* Entrants who finish check-in Missions on the Genshin's Got Impact web page will get corresponding Points. All check-in Missions can be done once-only but not necessarily require entrants to checkin a row.
#* First day: 1 Point| Second day: 1 Point | Third day: 1 Point
#* Fourth day: 1 Point| Fifth day: 1 Point
# Like videos
#* Like videos with Hashtag#GenshinMoments will get 2 Points, and this Mission can be done only once during the whole event.
# Share event home page
Share The Genshin's Got impact Event homepage to at least one friend will get 3 Points and share more than once will not give you extra Points. This mission can be done only once during the whole event.
# Follow Genshin Impact Official Account on TikTok
#* Follow@genshinimpact_en will get 2 Points, and this mission can be done only once during the whole event. Unfollow the official accounts and follow again will not get the Points.

==Points and Rewards available==
All rewards available will follow first come, first served principle. Once the number of redemptions run out, even if an entrant has enough required Points, he/she cannot continue to fulfill the redemption successfully.

Once you redeemed certain reward, the corresponding Points will be immediately deducted, and the process is irreversible. Please check and choose the right items that you want to redeem before finishing the redemption. Rewards will be delivered by a Genshin Impact redeem code on the designated web page. Please deal with the redeem code appropriately. DO NOT share or leak the code to any third party unless you intend to do so, or you may fail to get the in-game properties because the rewards are redeemed by others.

* Item 1: {{Item|Mora|x=5000}}
** 2 Points required, and each entrant can redeem this item at most twice<br />The total number of item 1 is 100,000
* Item 2: {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=2}}
** 5 Points required, and each entrant can redeem this item at most twice<br />The total number of item 2 is 100,000
* Item 3: {{Item|Hero's Wit|x=1}}
** 5 Points requires, and each entrant can redeem this item at most twice<br />The total number of item 3 is 100,000
* Item 4: {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=2}} and {{Item|Mora|x=10,000}}
** 15 Points required, and each entrant can redeem this item only once<br />The total number of item 4 is 50,000
* Item 5: {{Item|Primogem|x=30}} and {{Item|Hero's Wit|x=3}}
** 30 Points required, and each entrant can redeem this item only once<br />The total number of item 5 is 10,000
* Item 6: {{Item|Primogem|x=60}} and {{Item|Mora|x=20,000}}
** 35 Points required, and each entrant can redeem this item only once<br />The total number of item 6 is 10,000

==Notes==
Entrants can finish Designated Missions to get rewards from the Genshin's Got Impact web page event and rewards program. Qualified participants who complete the following Missions will get points, which are shown as on the event web page ("Points"). Certain number of points can be exchanged to in-game redeem code ("Code") on the event home page. Entrant shall redeem the Code by themselves in Genshin Impact ("Game") e and related rewards will be delivered by in-game message.

Points will automatically expire when the Event Period ends, and the expired Points cannot be redeemed for any Codes. Codes mayexpireifnot be redeemed in Game before May 10, 2022 (UTC+8). After the redemption, in-game rewards will be delivered by in-game messages, and entrants shall daim the rewards within 30 days from receipt of the in-game message.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}