{{Event Tabs
|story = false
}}
{{Event
|name              = Genshin Impact Summer Festival 2023
|image             = Genshin Impact Summer Festival 2023.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-06-15 06:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-08-02 05:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = 
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20230615summer-ivkcpq/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|With the arrival of summer, the Summer Festival 2023 series events will also begin!<br>Let's create new memories of summer in Teyvat!}}
'''Genshin Impact Summer Festival 2023''' is a [[Web Event]] that started during [[Version 3.7]].

==Rules==
# Genshin Impact Summer Festival 2023 will be held in Germany, France, and the United States. For event details relating to other countries or regions, please pay attention to announcements released on Genshin Impact's official social media accounts. 
# The raffle event begins on June 15, 2023 at 06:00:00 (UTC+8) and ends on August 2, 2023 at 05:59:59 (UTC+8). Prize draw opportunities refresh every day at 06:00:00 (UTC+8) and will be rendered invalid after the event period. 
# Merchandise rewards are of limited quantity and are based on a first-come, first-served basis. 
# When redeeming the Amazon Gift Card, please copy the redemption code and go to the corresponding region's Amazon website to do so. The Amazon Gift Card is only valid in the region selected on your Invitation Letter. 
# Genshin Impact reserves the Right of Final Interpretation for this event.

==Invitation Letter==
* Participating Region
** USA
** Germany
** France
* Summertime Companion
** {{Character|Klee|40|nobr=1}}
** {{Character|Qiqi|40|nobr=1}}
** {{Character|Yoimiya|40|nobr=1}}

==Wheel of Fortune==
Share daily to get a maximum of one prize draw opportunity each day. You can get up to 3 prize draw opportunities.

Possible Prizes:
* Thank you for participating<!--Wording from event page-->
* {{Item|Mora|x=20,000}} and {{Item|Padisarah Pudding|x=1}}
* {{Item|Mora|x=20,000}}  and {{Item|Hero's Wit|x=2}}
* {{Item|Primogem|x=30}}
* {{Item|Primogem|x=500}}
* $200 USD Amazon Gift Card

==Other Languages==
<!-- Event was only available in three languages: de, en and fr -->
{{Other Languages
|en      = Genshin Impact Summer Festival 2023
|fr      = Festival d'été de Genshin Impact 2023
|fr_tl   = Genshin Impact Summer Festival 2023
|de      = Sommerfest 2023 of Genshin Impact
|de_tl   =Summer festival 2023 from Genshin Impact 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}