{{Event
|name              = Genshin Impact Raffle Event
|image             = Genshin Impact Raffle Event.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-10-03 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-10-07 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = 
|link2             = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/16164
|link2name         = Event Page
}}

{{Description|Time in Teyvat always seems to pass by so quickly.
But with your company, even ordinary days glimmer like fragments of light.}}

Dear Travelers!

To thank everyone for their constant support and companionship, Paimon has specially prepared a raffle event that you can take part in by sharing posts. During the event, share this post for a chance to win great rewards~

==Event Duration (UTC+8)==
October 3, 2021 – October 7, 2021 23:59

==Event Rewards==
*75 USD ×10 Winners
*90 USD ×10 Winners
*105 USD ×10 Winners
*120 USD ×10 Winners
*135 USD ×10 Winners
*145 USD ×10 Winners
*iPhone13 Pro Max ×3 Winners

We will randomly select 63 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to receive prizes~

==How to Participate==
#Follow the official Genshin Impact Twitter account and share this post (The official one) on your profile.
#Click on the link below to fill out your information.
#*https://forms.gle/b9Zt63jeNkJzDVM7A
#After completing the previous two steps, your participation will have been deemed successful.

Please note: The information you provide will only be used for the delivery of prizes in this event and will not be used for any other purpose.

==Event Rules==
#This event is held on multiple platforms simultaneously. The number of rewards are the total rewards for all platforms. There is no amount of prizes set aside for each platform and region.
#Travelers can participate on multiple platforms for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler.
#The list of winners will be posted within 10 days after the event ends.
#The cash prizes will be sent to winners' PayPal accounts within one month of announcing the winners.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[pt-br:Evento de Sorteio de Genshin Impact]]