{{Event Infobox
|image      = Genshin Impact X Razer Gold Collaboration.png
|type       = Collaboration
|start_date = 2025-02-12
|end_date   = 2025-03-25
}}

'''Genshin Impact × Razer Gold''' is a collaboration between ''[[Genshin Impact]]'' and {{w|Razer Inc.}}. Buying a Genesis Crystal package of at least 1980 + 260 Genesis Crystals (29.99 USD) through the Razer Gold [https://gold.razer.com website] awards the Wind Glider Package containing [[Wings of Delicacies]].

==Promotion==
*Top up a single payment of at least 1980 + 260 Genesis Crystals and receive 1x Wind Glider Package (Wings of Delicacies ×1, Minty Fruit Tea ×3, Selva Salad ×3, Mora ×30,000), while stocks last.
*For all other payment methods (eg: Razer Gold Pin), the redemption code will be sent via email within 3 working days of the qualifying purchase.
*Each Razer Gold account can only receive one redemption code; users using other payment methods are limited to one redemption code per UID.
==In-Game Rewards==
*{{Item|Mora|20|x=30,000}}
*{{Item|Wings of Delicacies|20|x=1}}
*{{Item|Minty Fruit Tea|20|x=3}}
*{{Item|Selva Salad|20|x=3}}
==Notes==
*If the account hasn't received the Initial Top-Up Bonus for their chosen Genesis Crystal package yet, it will be applied on the top-up made through Razer Gold.
==Terms and Conditions==
#The Genshin Impact 'Wings of Delicacies' Recharge Promotion is valid only from 12 February 2025 1000 (UTC+8) to 25 March 2025 2359 (UTC+8)
#Find out your local time for the promotion at https://www.timeanddate.com.
#This promotion applies to all Razer Gold accounts in Singapore, Australia, Indonesia, Brazil, Mexico, Canada, Thailand, Malaysia, Philippines, Europe
#This promotion only applies to transactions strictly on Razer Gold webshop
Score 'Wind Glider Package':
#Users will receive the 'Wind Glider Package' after recharging a min. of 1980 + 260 Genesis Crystals on the Razer Gold webshop with any payment method, while stocks last.
#The Wind Glider Package is only while stocks last. For Razer Gold payment method, the redemption code will be dispensed right after a qualifying purchase. For non-Razer Gold payment methods, the redemption code will be sent via email within 3 working days after the qualifying purchase.
#Users are required to have a verified Razer Gold account in order to pay by Razer Gold wallet.
#If user is paying by local payment methods, please ensure to key in the correct email address so that the redemption code can be sent successfully.
#Please allow 1-3 working days for the promotional page to reflect the full redemption status.
#Each Razer Gold account can only receive one redemption code; users using other payment methods are limited to one redemption code per UID.
#'Wings of Delicacies' Wind Glider can only be redeemed once per UID. If the Traveler has already received it through other campaigns, after repeated redemption, you will only receive items other than the Wind Glider.
#The Wind Glider Package is an additional gift and cannot be used as a reason to cancel the transaction.
#The 'Wind Glider Package' redemption code deadline is July 31, 2025, 23:59:00 (UTC+8) and will expire if it is not utilized. For players redeeming on the website https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/gift, kindly log into the game promptly to claim your rewards.
#All users will automatically checkout with their local currency when they checkout purchases using Razer Gold.
#Razer will not be responsible for any loss of in-game item codes or currency after it has been disbursed to the user's Genshin Impact game account.
#If users have any questions regarding the use or redemption of codes in the game, please contact the Genshin Impact customer support team.
#If users have any questions regarding top-ups or receiving redemption codes, please contact the Razer Gold customer support team
#This promotion cannot be stacked with any other promotions running on Razer Gold website.
#Razer Gold reserves the right to change these terms and conditions at any time without prior notice.

[[fr:Collaboration Genshin Impact X Razer Gold]]