{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Gallery
}}
{{Event Infobox
|name              = Genshin Impact × Sushiro
|image             = Genshin Impact × Sushiro.png
|type              = Collaboration
|country           = Japan
|country2          = Singapore
|country3          = Taiwan
}}
'''Genshin Impact × Sushiro''' is a collaborative effort between ''[[Genshin Impact]]'' creator [[miHoYo]] and the Japanese multinational conveyor belt sushi specialty store chain {{w|Sushiro}}.

==Collaborations==
There has been '''1''' collaboration between ''Genshin Impact'' and Sushiro.

===2024 - Gorou and Sangonomiya Kokomi===
====Japan====
This collaboration features four ''Genshin Impact''-themed dishes, with the theme centered around [[Gorou]], [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]], [[Yae Miko]], [[Kamisato Ayato]], [[Kamisato Ayaka]], and [[Thoma]].<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/akindosushiroco/status/1760801651932197136 Sushiro Collaboration Announcement]</ref> This event took place from February 21, 2024 to March 24, 2024.

Participants can obtain a serial code with the collaboration dishes, which can be exchanged for points through Sushiro's official account on {{w|Line (software)|LINE}}. The points can be accumulated to exchange for redemption codes.

A. 4 redemption codes (4 points) (Limited to 500,000 sets)
* {{Item|Mega-Meaty Sushi}}
* {{Item|Hero's Wit|x=5}}
* {{Item|Mora|x=50,000}}
* {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=10}}

B. 1 redemption code (1 point) (Limited to 2,540,000 sets)
* {{Item|Hero's Wit|x=3}}
* {{Item|Mora|x=20,000}}
* {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=5}}

For each eligible collaboration dish ordered, one Sushiro × Genshin Impact character card will also be given out at random. A total of 250,000 cards are available. Additionally, 300 winners will be selected to receive an exclusive set of six Sushiro × Genshin Impact sushi plates.<!--Winners are selected from those received the character card-->

For online delivery exclusives, the limited edition 12-piece sushi set comes with a Sushiro-themed acrylic stand of either Sangonomiya Kokomi or Gorou.

====Singapore====
This collaboration features a theme centered around [[Gorou]] and [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]]. This event will take place from June 24, 2024 to August 4, 2024.<!--Unlike Japan, no Genshin Impact-themed Sushiro items were announced-->

With a minimum dine-in spending, participants can receive one exclusive collaboration hologram ticket&mdash;either Gorou or Sangonomiya Kokomi&mdash;with redemption codes to claim the following rewards:
* {{Item|Mega-Meaty Sushi}}
* {{Item|Hero's Wit|x=14}}
* {{Item|Mora|x=110,000}}
* {{Item|Mystic Enhancement Ore|x=25}}

Participants who meet the minimum dine-in spending can also purchase collaboration standees "Sangonomiya Kokomi" and "Gorou", and collaboration keychains "Kamisato Ayato", "Kamisato Ayaka", "Thoma", "Sangonomiya Kokomi", "Gorou", and "Yae Miko" during the designated period.

==References==
{{Reflist}}