{{Event
|name              = Genshin Impact × HoYoQuiz Show
|image             = Genshin Impact × HoYoQuiz Show.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-09-20 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-10-22 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = 
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/puzzle/hk4e/pz_6mYytjD9Zb/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|The Genshin Impact × HoYo Quiz Show is about to begin! Travelers from all over the world will have the opportunity to compete in the Quiz Show. Make use of your understanding and knowledge of Genshin Impact to win handsome rewards!}}
'''Genshin Impact × HoYoQuiz Show''' is [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.0]].

==What is Quiz Show?==
Quiz Show is a quiz variety show, which will be broadcast live through major online platforms. The Quiz Show will select Travelers from all over the world to participate in the quiz and selected Travelers have to participate in the program recording at the designated time, which is organized by the official staff. During the recording, Travelers will answer questions online and win contest rewards!

==When will the Quiz Show be held?==
* Registration Time: September 20, 2022 11:59 – October 8, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Selection Notice and Pre-Competition Arrangements: October 10, 2022 00:00 – October 17, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Program Participation and Broadcast: October 22, 2022 22:00 (UTC+8)

==What prizes will be given out at the Quiz Show?==
There will be one champion, who will win USD $3,000 equivalent in cash, a 12-month Blessing of the Welkin Moon subscription or the equivalent in cash, and Primogems ×5,000.

For the participation prize, 199 winners will receive USD $50 equivalent in cash and Primogems ×500.

Click the "[https://act.hoyoverse.com/puzzle/hk4e/pz_6mYytjD9Zb/index.html Prize Draw Pre-Registration]" button, and we will randomly select 100 participants from the Travelers who pre-registered for the live stream to reward Primogems ×50 per person.

At the same time, during the live stream of the finals, 100 lucky Travelers will be randomly selected and each will be rewarded with Primogems ×50.

In-game items will be sent to the winners' registered UID account within 30 business days after the program is broadcast.

==How does the Quiz Show work?==
Travelers need to use the HoYoQuiz function on HoYoLAB and connect to the recording site via video call. Travelers need to choose the right answer to the questions (single or multiple-choice questions about Genshin Impact) via HoYoLAB. Travelers from all over the world will have to compete and answer questions on an individual basis. The competition officials will notify the selected players of the detailed competition rules.

==I'm interested, how do I sign up?==
We welcome Travelers from all over the world who are confident in their knowledge of Genshin Impact. Click the "Event Registration" button [https://act.hoyoverse.com/puzzle/hk4e/pz_6mYytjD9Zb/index.html above] to complete the submission of personal information before the registration deadline. The competition officials will screen the qualifying participants according to the information collected and notify those who make the cut via phone or email. Please wait patiently!

The competition officials have the right of final interpretation for participation qualification.

==Important Notes!==
# Registration Notes
#* Travelers must be 18 years of age or older to participate in this competition. Officials reserve the right to require participants to provide relevant documents that prove their identity. By participating in the contest, Travelers agree to the official use of their name, photo, logo, video, and other information for the purpose of contest-related publicity and broadcast.
# Confidentiality Clauses
#* All Travelers who have successfully participated in this event are requested to abide by the official confidentiality clauses and shall not disclose any information related to the competition to anyone on any platform or to anyone without authorization, otherwise, the authorities will have the right to cancel the relevant rewards and take legal action.
# This competition will be hosted by Webedia and broadcast under the sponsorship of Genshin Impact. All content related to the competition will only represent the views of the official organizing committee of the competition and is not related to any company or product.
# Contest Prohibitions: Cheating, harassment, posting politically related remarks, and posting remarks that harm the reputation of Genshin Impact or HoYoverse are prohibited in this contest. Violators will be banned from the contest and will be pursued for legal responsibility.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}