{{Event
|name              = Genshin Impact Anniversary Story Submission Event
|image             = Genshin Impact Anniversary Story Submission Event.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-09-28 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-10-12 23:59:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1442705503746887688
}}

Dear Travelers，

The '''Genshin Impact Anniversary Story Submission Event''' is underway!

Travelers can submit your most interesting, memorable or touching story you've had with the game in the past year by using the #GenshinAndMeHBD hashtag.

==Event Duration==
*Sep. 28th - Oct. 12th
**Submission Period
**Paimon will carefully review the submissions and create a Twitter Moments post filled with the best stories. Travelers whose submission is chosen will win a $20 dollar gift card! The top 3 submissions with the most likes will have a chance to be made into a feature film and win a $1000 dollar gift card at the same time!
*Oct. 13th
**The official Twitter will select 100 submissions to add to our Event Moments and display them to the public. Voting will be begin on the same day. Travelers can choose their favorite anniversary stories by liking the tweets.
*Oct. 27th
**Voting ends and the best 3 stories will be determined.
*Oct. 28th - Nov. 5th
**Rewards will be given out during this period.

==Event Rules==
# During the event, Paimon will carefully review the submissions and display them to the public for voting on October. 13th. Please stay tuned to our official Twitter account.
# There is no limit to the types of submission, text, images, and videos are allowed.
# At the end of the event, Paimon will select the top three submissions based on the number of likes they receive and will make the story into a feature film with the author's permission. The film is expected to be completed by the end of 2021~
# After the event ends, Paimon will contact the winners via private Twitter message to distribute rewards.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}