{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Gallery
}}
{{Event Infobox
|title      = Genshin Impact × Domino's
|type       = Collaboration
|image      = Collaboration Genshin Impact × Domino's.png
|country    = Malaysia
|country2   = Thailand
|country3   = Singapore
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-09-16
|time_end          = 2023-10-23
}}
<!--{{Description|}}-->
'''Genshin Impact × Domino's''' was a collaborative effort between Genshin Impact creators {{w|miHoYo}} and the multi-national fast-food chain {{w|Domino's}}.

==Event Details==
===Duration===
September 16th to October 23rd, 2023

===Summary===
Domino's partnered with Genshin Impact to provide a unique in-store experience for fans. This partnership included:

* '''Themed Domino's Stores:''' Select Domino's outlets were decorated with Genshin Impact imagery, creating an immersive environment for fans.
* '''Nationwide Roadshows:''' A series of roadshows were held across Malaysia and Singapore, fostering further engagement with the Genshin Impact community. These events took place in Malaysia from September 16th onwards, visiting various states until October 23rd. Singapore hosted a dedicated roadshow on October 8th at the Kebun Baru Domino's location.
* '''Interactive Activities & Contests:''' Fans and customers were invited to participate in fun activities and contests at the events and on social media. This engagement provided opportunities to win prizes.
* '''Social Media Integration:''' Leveraging hashtags like #GenshinImpactxDominos and #DominosEmergencyFoodCombo, the campaign encouraged social media participation and increased brand awareness.
* '''Lucky Draws:''' Participants had the chance to win UniPin Credits, a potential reward likely intended for use in online games.

==External Links==
* [https://www.pizza.dominos.com.my/post/collaboration-with-genshin-impact-unipin Collaboration Details &mdash; Domino's]