{{Event
|name              = Genshin Impact Version 3.8 Character Topic Event
|image             = Genshin Impact Version 3.8 Character Topic Event.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-07-05 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-07-25 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/19817912
}}
{{Description|Hello Travelers~<br>This time, we'll be meeting Eula, Klee, Wanderer, and Sangonomiya Kokomi! Leave a comment in the comments section for a chance to win Primogem rewards~}}
'''Genshin Impact Version 3.8 Character Topic Event''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.8]].

==Eula Topic Discussion==
Eula likes making her own treats, such as Chilled Tomato and Aspic Jelly Egg Rolls, which she says pair very nicely with an ice-cold glass of Berry & Mint Punch. What treats do you like the most in your life?

==Klee Topic Discussion==
In Klee's eyes, her doll Dodoco is an inseparable friend. Did you have any such "friends" when you were growing up?

==Wanderer Topic Discussion==
Having decided to stop by Sumeru, the Wanderer took some time off to visit Treasures Street and learn how to make toys from some of the merchants there. The Wanderer spent much time practicing, but he found that he did not hate it. Are there any skills that you would like to learn?

==Sangonomiya Kokomi Topic Discussion==
When Sangonomiya Kokomi does things she enjoys, her energy levels will increase, and the reverse is true when she trudges through unenjoyable slogs. How do you like to relax when feeling stressed?

==Event Rewards==
We will randomly select 400 Travelers who successfully participated in the event to receive Primogems ×60 each.

In addition, everyone who successfully participates in the event will receive a "Character Topic Event-Exclusive Avatar Frame" (30 days).

==How to Participate==
Choose one of the above topics and leave a comment in the comments section to share your thoughts, and your participation will have been deemed successful.

==Event Duration==
July 5, 2023 – July 25, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on July 28.

==Notes==
# Please go to My Information > Information Management > Game Information Management > Genshin Impact to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# The following will be regarded as invalid submissions:
## Content that violates our Community Rules, or content that plagiarizes or misappropriates the content of other creators.
## Content with no relation to the event's topics, content that contains any form of advertising, and content that seeks to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}