{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22300
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Geo Travel Diary.png
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|characters    = Musheng; Traveler
|npc           = Musheng
|otherRewards  = * AR-Dependent Rewards
* Collecting all of the stories grants the {{Achievement|Geo Archon Anecdotes}}.
* One of the following:
{{Card List|delim=;|1=Legend of the Geo Archon: God of History*1{caption=God of History};Legend of the Geo Archon: God of the Stove*1{caption=God of the Stove};Legend of the Geo Archon: God of Wealth*1{caption=God of Wealth};Legend of the Geo Archon: The Groundbreaker*1{caption=The Groundbreaker} }}
}}
'''''Geo Travel Diary''''' is a repeatable [[Daily Commission]]. It takes place at [[Yujing Terrace]], [[Liyue Harbor]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Musheng
# Give Musheng things relating to "Liyue"
# Listen to Musheng's story
# Talk to Musheng to collect rewards

==Gameplay Notes==
* Valid items are categorized into four dialogue branches, which will award the respective "Legend of the Geo Archon." Invalid items cannot be selected.<section begin="Geo Diary Items" />
*# [[Legend of the Geo Archon: The Groundbreaker]] (Plants and Ingredients): {{Item|Apple}}, {{Item|Berry}}, {{Item|Bird Egg}}, {{Item|Carrot}}, {{Item|Flaming Flower Stamen}}, {{Item|Horsetail}}, {{Item|Jueyun Chili}}, {{Item|Lotus Head}}. {{Item|Matsutake}}, {{Item|Mint}}, {{Item|Mist Flower Corolla}}, {{Item|Mushroom}}, {{Item|Pinecone}}, {{Item|Qingxin}}, {{Item|Radish}}, {{Item|Silk Flower}}, {{Item|Snapdragon}}, {{Item|Sunsettia}}, {{Item|Sweet Flower}}, {{Item|Violetgrass}}
*# [[Legend of the Geo Archon: God of the Stove]] (Ores): {{Item|Cor Lapis}}, {{Item|Crystal Chunk}}, {{Item|Electro Crystal}}, {{Item|Iron Chunk}}, {{Item|Noctilucous Jade}}, {{Item|White Iron Chunk}}
*# [[Legend of the Geo Archon: God of History]] (Dishes): {{Item|Almond Tofu}}, {{Item|Black-Back Perch Stew}}, {{Item|Jade Parcels}}, {{Item|Jewelry Soup}}, {{Item|Jueyun Chili Chicken}}, {{Item|Matsutake Meat Rolls}}, {{Item|Mora Meat}}, {{Item|Squirrel Fish}}, {{Item|Stir-Fried Filet}}, {{Item|Zhongyuan Chop Suey}}
*# [[Legend of the Geo Archon: God of Wealth]]: {{Item|Glaze Lily}}<section end="Geo Diary Items" />
* After listening to the third unique dialogue branch Musheng will give {{Item|Almond Tofu|x=2}}, or {{Item|Mora|x=1,000}} and {{Item|Almond Tofu|x=2}}, on top of the typical Commission rewards.
* Each time the player gains a third different "Legend of the Geo Archon" quest item, Musheng will remove two of them from the inventory. Even if multiple copies of the same item is in the inventory, the whole stack will be considered as a single item and be removed. This occurs ''after'' gaining the quest item, making it possible to lose the item the player was supposed to gain. This does '''not''' affect progress towards unlocking the achievement "Geo Archon Anecdotes," but the player should remember which dialogue branches were already listened to.
* A maximum of five copies of the same quest item may be obtained before Musheng stops giving more of that item.
* The {{Ach|Geo Archon Anecdotes}} is obtained after listening each branch at least once. Having all four "Legend of the Geo Archon" quest items in the inventory is not required.
** After the achievement is unlocked, the commission can still randomly be played. Upon a replay, the dialogue branches will reset and Musheng will act as if the player never listened to any of his stories.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Musheng]] seems to know a great deal of Geo Archon lore...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Musheng)
:'''Musheng:''' ...That is all I ask.
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Musheng:''' Worshiping the [[Morax|Geo Lord]]. I take it you aren't from around here?
:'''Musheng:''' This is Yiyan Temple. People in Liyue Harbor come here all the time to offer incense to the Geo Lord and to pray for good luck.
:'''Musheng:''' I live very far away, meaning I don't have the chance to come here and offer incense very often. So each time I come, I spend a little longer to make up for it.
:'''Musheng:''' I've read a lot of ancient texts about the Lord of Geo, and the more I read, the more awestruck I am by His greatness.
:'''Musheng:''' So when I think about all that He has done for Liyue Harbor, the fact that I have to travel that little bit further to offer some incense to Him seems like a small price to pay.
:'''Musheng:''' You probably don't know a lot about the Geo Lord, do you? I can tell you all about him if you'd like.
:'''Musheng:''' That said, just listening to me talk probably won't make it sink in.
:'''Musheng:''' Hmm... I have an idea. Go look around {{Color|buzzword|nearby Liyue Harbor}} and gather some things I can use as props. Having some props will really help bring my narration to life.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Musheng:''' Great. Don't be too long. I'll be here waiting!
:{{DIcon}} What kind of things should I get?
::'''Musheng:''' Anything that you feel is connected to {{Color|buzzword|Liyue Harbor}} or {{Color|buzzword|the Geo Lord}}.
::'''Musheng:''' Though now I think about it, I don't know all that many stories... and not everything is worth telling...
::'''Musheng:''' We'll cross that bridge when we come to it. For now... off you go.
----
;(Return to Musheng)
:'''Musheng:''' Found anything?
:;(Opens item selection screen)

;(Branch 1, Plants)
:'''Musheng:''' Ah, you must have picked this up somewhere out in the countryside? You clearly went to great lengths to get this. Good work!
:'''Musheng:''' As you will have seen, Liyue Harbor is a vast city.
:'''Musheng:''' But even the largest cities are built one brick at a time.
:'''Musheng:''' There was nothing like the Liyue Harbor we know today when the first settlers arrived here.
:'''Musheng:''' Through their sweat and toil those brave settlers cultivated the land, bit by bit, and eventually built this great city.
:'''Musheng:''' As you know, the terrain is rocky and mountainous around Liyue Harbor. This makes the land extremely difficult to cultivate. And yet, these tenacious plants grow defiantly in the mountains.
:'''Musheng:''' Each of these plants also has useful properties which made them immensely helpful for the early settlers. They took this as the Geo Lord's divine providence.
:'''Musheng:''' Stories of the settlers' accomplishments have always been popular in Liyue Harbor. Even today, many of Liyue's adventurers are inspired by the deeds of their forebears.
:'''Musheng:''' They see themselves as heirs to their legacy of tenacity and their spirit of breaking new ground. In the same vein, they also worship the Geo Lord as "The Groundbreaker."
:'''Musheng:''' Liyue's adventurers require of themselves to be steadfast as the mountains in the face of whatever challenges they may face.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Legend of the Geo Archon: The Groundbreaker}} after the quest ends)

;(Branch 2, Ores)
:'''Musheng:''' Aha, ore from the mines! So you do understand a thing or two about the meaning of Geo after all.
:'''Musheng:''' Liyue's early settlers learnt to smelt ore to extract the metal within. But before that ore had a different use, and a far more important one.
:'''Musheng:''' When the very first people arrived here and began to farm the land, they piled up stones to build stoves and struck them together to produce fire.
:'''Musheng:''' With fire, they could cook. And with cooked food, they had the strength to work.
:'''Musheng:''' All of this came from the rocks of the earth, which were a gift from the Lord of Geo.
:'''Musheng:''' The Geo Lord quickly became known as the God of the Stove in many of the texts written around that time.
:'''Musheng:''' Newly opened restaurants and taverns all burn incense to the Geo Lord and pray that the fire in their stoves will perpetually prevail, so that business might forever flourish.
:'''Musheng:''' Next time you visit one of the restaurants in Liyue Harbor, don't forget to say a silent prayer to the Geo Lord yourself.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Legend of the Geo Archon: God of the Stove}} after the quest ends)

;(Branch 3, Dishes)
:'''Musheng:''' Ah, a fellow food lover! Liyue Harbor certainly knows what it's doing when it comes to food. Definitely worth trying the local delicacies.
:'''Musheng:''' What does this have to do with the Lord of Geo? More than you might expect! You may have noticed banners on a lot of the restaurants in Liyue Harbor? Well, those banners are to advertise the restaurants' long histories.
:'''Musheng:''' If you go to the owner and ask for evidence of just how long the restaurant has been around, they will immediately tell you that the Geo Lord visited this establishment on such-and-such a date in history, this is what he ordered, and here's what he had to say about it...
:'''Musheng:''' Without going into whether those stories are true or not, what no one disputes is that the Geo Lord has been in Liyue Harbor for a very, very long time.
:'''Musheng:''' Some of Liyue's historians claim that the Lord of Geo is the oldest person who has ever lived and worship him as the God of History.
:'''Musheng:''' But as for exactly how long he has lived in this world, I'm not sure anybody knows.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Legend of the Geo Archon: God of History}} after the quest ends)

;(Branch 4, Glaze Lily)
:'''Musheng:''' Interesting... Now where did you get that from...
:'''Musheng:''' I have heard that this is only found at Yujing Terrace these days...
:'''Musheng:''' This item serves as an excellent prompt for talking about the Lord of Geo. A very considered choice.
:'''Musheng:''' But in fact, this Glaze Lily also strikes at the very heart of what makes Liyue Harbor tick.
:'''Musheng:''' Confused? Think about it, what is special about Glaze Lily?
:'''Musheng:''' It's precious &mdash; exactly. Glaze Lily is highly precious. You can sell it for a very good price and earn lots of Mora.
:'''Musheng:''' Mora are named in honor of Morax &mdash; another name for the Lord of Geo.
:'''Musheng:''' So to many people, the Geo Lord is the God of Wealth. Almost every merchant in Liyue, no matter how big and successful, will always make time to offer incense to the Lord of Geo before they go out to do business.
:'''Musheng:''' This is quite simply because the Geo Lord is the wealthiest person in the whole world.
:'''Musheng:''' Even among The Seven... Surely he must be the wealthiest of the Archons.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Legend of the Geo Archon: God of Wealth}} after the quest ends)

;(Ending dialogue if you have 0&ndash;1 Legend of the Geo {{Not a Typo|Archon quest}} items already in your inventory)
:'''Musheng:''' Well, that's all I have to say about that. Maybe we can talk some more next time.

;(Ending dialogue if you have 2&ndash;3 Legend of the Geo {{Not a Typo|Archon quest}} items already in your inventory)
:'''Musheng:''' Good heavens, how long have I been chatting to you for? The time has just flown by.
:'''Musheng:''' I hope after all that you feel a little more informed about the Geo Lord?
:;(If you have 2-3 of them in your inventory, including the one you just gained)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' That gave me some food for thought...
:'''Musheng:''' Of course, that's only a small sample of the Geo Archon lore. Visit me next time if you want to hear more.
:'''Musheng:''' Huh? You even made all these notes... You must be really enjoying my tales.
:'''Musheng:''' How about you leave those notes with me, and I'll write down more stories for you in my spare time?
:'''Musheng:''' All those notes put together should make for a fine collection. I'll be more than happy to gift it to you when I'm done compiling it.
:'''Musheng:''' Although, with so many stories of Rex Lapis to go through, it may take me some time...
:'''Musheng:''' Here, these are for you. Thanks for being such a great listener.
:;(Removes 2 random (or both if only 2) Legend of the Geo Archon quest items from your inventory and gives either {{Item|Almond Tofu|x=2}} or {{Item|Mora|x=1,000}} and {{Item|Matsutake Meat Rolls|x=2}})

:;(Have all 4 Legend of the Geo Archon quest items in your inventory)
:'''Musheng:''' It was a great pleasure to share these stories with you. Please take these &mdash; they are my gift to you. I hope we can continue our chats in future!
:;(Obtain {{Item|Legend of the Geo Archon: The Groundbreaker}}, {{Item|Legend of the Geo Archon: God of the Stove}}, {{Item|Legend of the Geo Archon: God of History}}, or {{Item|Legend of the Geo Archon: God of Wealth}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* Musheng's dialogue pertaining to the God of the Stove and the content of the item [[Legend of the Geo Archon: God of the Stove]] were proven false in the [[Moonlight Merriment]] event as it is revealed there that [[Marchosius]] is the true God of the Stove rather than Morax.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/8KPqIF646s0
|caption1 = "Geo Travel Diary" Achievement Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Geo Travel Diary
|zhs     = 岩游记
|zhs_rm  = Yán yóujì
|zht     = 岩遊記
|zht_rm  = Yán yóujì
|zh_tl   = Geo Travel Notes
|ja      = 岩遊記
|ja_rm   = Ganyuuki{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Geo Play Scribe
|ko      = 바위 여행기
|ko_tl   = Rock Travelogue
|es      = Geodiario de viajes
|es_tl   = Geo Travel Diary
|fr      = Voyages de l'Archon Géo
|fr_tl   = Travels of the Geo Archon
|ru      = Путевые заметки Гео
|ru_tl   = Geo Travel Notes
|th      = บันทึกการเดินทางสู่นครแห่งหิน
|th_rm   = Banthuek Kan Doenthang Su Nakhon Haeng Hin
|th_tl   = Travel Diary to the City of Stone
|vi      = Nham Du Ký
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Über das Gestein
|de_tl   = About the Rocks
|id      = Buku Harian Perjalanan Geo
|id_tl   = Geo Travel Diary
|pt      = Diário de Viagens Geo
|pt_tl   = Diary of Geo Travels
|tr      = Toprak Gezgini Günlüğü
|tr_tl   = The Diary of Geo Traveler
|it      = Diario di viaggio di Geo
|it_tl   = Geo Travel Diary
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|Standalone}}

[[de:Über das Gestein]]
[[es:Geodiario de viajes]]
[[ja:岩遊記]]
[[ru:Путевые заметки Гео]]
[[th:บันทึกการเดินทางสู่นครแห่งหิน]]