{{Meta
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Georg.png
|affiliation      = Angel's Share
|region           = Mondstadt
|title            = Winemaker

|ancestry         = 
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Georg''' is an event-exclusive [[shop]] [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Of Ballads and Brews]].

==Shop==
===Food and Ingredients===
{{Shop/Header|note=Refreshes|total=1|vendor=Georg}}
{{Shop|Fruits of the Festival|6,450|2|note=Daily|total=1}}
{{Shop|Sparkling Berry Juice|1,500|2|note=Daily|total=1}}
{{Shop|Wolfhook Juice|1,500|2|note=Daily|total=1}}
{{Shop|Berry & Mint Burst|1,500|2|note=Daily|total=1}}
{{Shop|Apple Cider|1,500|2|note=Daily|total=1}}
{{Shop/Footer|note=&#32;|total=24,900}}

===Recipes===
{{Shop/Header|total=1|vendor=Georg}}
{{Shop|Recipe|5,000|1|specific=Recipe: Fruits of the Festival|total=1}}
{{Shop/Footer|total=5,000}}
<!--
==Profile==
''(To be added.)''

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Idle Quotes==
; Before starting ''[[Sounds From Afar (Quest)|Sounds From Afar]]''
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Once everything arrives...
:: {{A|VO Georg Of Ballads and Brews 01.ogg}} "I have to start setting up as soon as everything arrives..."
{{Dialogue end}}

; During [[Weinlesefest]]
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The best wine...
:: {{A|VO Georg Of Ballads and Brews 02.ogg}} "Try the best one in town!"
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
===Dialogue Set #1===
''Available before starting Sounds From Afar.''
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Georg:''' Are you here to set up a booth, too?
:'''Georg:''' The wine market is being held outside of Springvale this time. Not only is the scenery gorgeous, but delivering goods there is pretty convenient.
:'''Georg:''' But since we &mdash; that is, Angel's Share &mdash; have a large booth, it takes quite a long time to get everything set up.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #2===
''Available during Sounds From Afar, when the [[Weinlesefest]] venue is set up.''
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Georg:''' Would you like something to drink? Not only are we selling wine, but we are also acquiring all kinds of wine-making ingredients during the festival. You're welcome to come around and discuss anything you're interested in.
:{{DIcon|GeneralGoods}}<!--The icon below is not as exactly the same as in-game but the closest I can find.--> I'd like to sell wine-making ingredients.
::'''Georg:''' Sure, these are the ingredients that we're buying at the moment.
:;(Open menu for Selling Ingredients)
:{{DIcon|Shop}} I'd like to buy some beverages.
::'''Georg:''' Here's the menu.
:;(Open shop menu)
:{{DIcon}} About this booth...
::'''Georg:''' Angel's Share participates in Weinlesefest each time, and plenty of folk come all the way here to Mondstadt to sample our limited-edition wines.
::'''Georg:''' Back when Master [[Crepus]] was around, he'd come to us in person every year to drink a glass...
::'''Georg:''' *sigh* I don't know why, but this festival always makes me nostalgic.
::'''Georg:''' Diluc... I mean, Master Diluc has had a rough go of it these past few years, but he seems to be in good spirits this year.
::'''Georg:''' As long as Master Diluc is well, I'm sure Master Crepus' spirit up above will also be pleased.
:{{DIcon}} Bye.
::'''Georg:''' See you. Come back any time!
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Trivia==
*
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Georg
|zhs     = 格奥尔格
|zhs_rm  = Gé'ào'ěrgé
|zht     = 格奧爾格
|zht_rm  = Gé'ào'ěrgé
|ja      = ゲオルグ
|ja_rm   = Georugu
|ko      = 게오르크
|ko_rm   = Georeukeu
|es      = Georg
|fr      = Georg
|ru      = Георг
|th      = Georg
|vi      = Georg
|de      = Georg
|id      = Georg
|pt      = Georg
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[fr:Georg]]
[[pt-br:Georg]]