{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71709; 71710; 71711; 71712
|image         = NPC Geri Thumb.png
|type          = Request
|region        = Liyue
|description   = [[Geri]] needs two [[Sweet Madame]]s / two servings of [[Flaming Red Bolognese]] / three bowls of [[Radish Veggie Soup]] / two [[Tea Break Pancake]]s.
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Geri; Traveler
|rep           = Liyue
|mora          = 20,000
}}
'''Geri's Gastro-Nostalgia''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
#Give [[Geri]] two [[Sweet Madame]]s / two servings of [[Flaming Red Bolognese]] / three servings of [[Radish Veggie Soup]] / two [[Tea Break Pancake]]s

==Request Details==
===Sweet Madame Request===
Help Needed:<br />
Zhongyuan Chop Suey is horrifying indeed.<br />
Why, oh why does such a dish exist?<br />
No, no! I never want to recall that taste ever again...<br />
Please, somebody, anybody &mdash; please help me get {{Color|buzzword|two Sweet Madames}}!

===Flaming Red Bolognese Request===
Help Needed:<br />
Liyue Harbor's noodle dishes are very unique, indeed &mdash; totally different from the ones in Mondstadt.<br />
Hmm, I'd like to compare and contrast the two &mdash; a most rigorous avenue of research, I assure you.<br />
And when one speaks of Mondstadt's noodle specialty it has to be Flaming Red Bolognese.<br />
If someone's willing to help, please bring me {{Color|buzzword|two servings of Flaming Red Bolognese}}.

===Radish Veggie Soup Request===
Help Needed:<br />
My sister and I are still continuing our gastronomy tour here in Liyue Harbor.<br />
To think that this place was full of so many wonderful dishes &mdash; it was just my luck that I encountered that Zhongyuan Chop Suey first, after all! That dish... Its flavor was just too intense.<br />
Still, I do miss Mondstadt cuisine, so if someone could bring me {{Color|buzzword|three bowls of Radish Veggie Soup}}, I would be most grateful.<br />
I hope it's as good as I remember...

===Tea Break Pancake Request===
Help Needed:<br />
My sister and I are continuing to sample the gourmet food here in Liyue Harbor.<br />
Liyue Harbor's sweet treats are really good.<br />
There's, ah, this one they call Almond Tofu.<br />
I'm very fond of that one.<br />
Now, I'd like to compare Mondstadt's and Liyue's desserts.<br />
If someone doesn't mind helping out, please bring me {{Color|buzzword|two servings of Tea Break Pancake}}.

==Dialogue==
===Sweet Madame===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Geri)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Sweet Madame...
:'''Geri:''' Yes, that's my commission. Have you brought me two Sweet Madames?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yes, here they are.
:;(Opens item selection menu)
::'''Geri:''' Oh, that aroma... It's just as I remembered it.
::'''Geri:''' I can't thank you enough! Here, these are for you.
::'''Geri:''' I will savor every bite... And do my darnedest to forget that Zhongyuan Chop Suey!
:{{DIcon}} No, not yet...
::'''Geri:''' Please bring me them as soon as possible. I need to get over the taste of that Zhongyuan Chop Suey... Yuck!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Flaming Red Bolognese===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Geri)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Flaming Red Bolognese...
:'''Geri:''' Oh right, you must've seen my commission then. Have you prepared two dishes of Flaming Red Bolognese?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I certainly have, here they are.
:;(Opens item selection menu)
::'''Geri:''' Mm-hmm! These Flaming Red Bolognese taste just like I remember.
::'''Geri:''' Here, please take these. Thanks for bringing me the food!
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
::'''Geri:''' Aw alright, just let me know as soon as they're ready.
::'''Geri:''' I can't even remember the last time I had Flaming Red Bolognese.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Radish Veggie Soup===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Geri)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Radish Veggie Soup...
:'''Geri:''' Yes, that's my commission. Have you already prepared three bowls of Radish Veggie Soup?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yes, here they are.
:;(Opens item selection menu)
::'''Geri:''' Mmm, smells good. Just like I remember it...
::'''Geri:''' Thank you so much, these are for you. I'm going to enjoy every spoonful.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Geri:''' Alright, well bring them to me as soon as they're ready. I'm sure my sister would like to have some, too.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Tea Break Pancake===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Geri)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Tea Break Pancakes...
:'''Geri:''' Ah yes, that would be my commission. Have you already prepared two Tea Break Pancakes?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yep, here they are.
:;(Opens item selection menu)
::'''Geri:''' These Tea Break Pancakes smell amazing! This is going to be a real treat.
::'''Geri:''' Oh right, I'll need some more Almond Tofu to compare the tastes.
::'''Geri:''' Oh! I almost forgot... These are for you, thanks for your help.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Geri:''' Please remember to bring them to me as soon as they're. It's been quite some time since I've had Tea Break Pancakes...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Geri's Gastro-Nostalgia
|zhs     = 杰里的蒙德城美食回忆
|zhs_rm  = Jiélǐ de Méngdé-chéng Měishí Huíyì
|zht     = 傑里的蒙德城美食回憶
|zht_rm  = Jiélǐ de Méngdé-chéng Měishí Huíyì
|zh_tl   = Geri's Mondstadt City Gourmet Memories
|ja      = ジェリーのモンドグルメメモリー
|ja_rm   = Jerii no Mondo gurume memorii
|ja_tl   = Geri's Memory of Mondstadt Gourmets
|ko      = 게리의 추억의 몬드성 요리
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Nostalgia gastronómica de Geri
|es_tl   = Geri's Gastronomic Nostalgia
|fr      = La nostalgie gastronomique de Geri
|fr_tl   = Gastronomic Nostalgia of Geri
|ru      = Мондштадтские деликатесы для Гери
|ru_tl   = Mondstadt Delicacies For Geri
|th      = ความทรงจำของอาหาร Mondstadt รสเลิศของ Geri
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ký ức mỹ thực Mondstadt của Geri
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geris Erinnerungen an Mondstadts Leckerbissen
|de_tl   = Geri’s Memories of Mondstadt’s Treats
|id      = Kenangan Makanan Mondstadt Geri
|id_tl   = Geri's Mondstadt Foods Nostalgia
|pt      = Gastronostalgia de Geri de Mondstadt
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}