{{Terminology Infobox
|type = Lore
}}
{{See also|Category:Deceased Characters}}
'''Ghosts''' are spectral [[NPC]]s that appear throughout the game.

==Profile== 
Ghosts (also known as spirits) are the souls of those who have died, but still linger in the world and do not get reincarnated for unknown reasons.

The ghosts in [[Wuwang Hill]] and [[Tsurumi Island]] appear to be memory recreations made by the [[Ley Lines]].

The appearances of ghosts varies across [[Teyvat]]. Most ghosts (such as the ones encountered in Wuwang Hill and [[Mingyun Village]]) still retain their original human forms after death with clear features such as clothing, age, and gender to tell them apart. The [[Shades of Tokoyo]] in [[Enkanomiya]], while still having a human shape, mostly lack identifiable features beyond their robes (such as hair and facial features) and resemble dark ghostly mannequins that all look identical to each other. The ghosts of Tsurumi Island appear as featureless blobs that barely resemble humans in shape, and it's unknown whether this is the result of spiritual degradation from the [[Ley Line Disorder]] that affected the island or is simply a cultural afterlife belief unique to the former inhabitants.

[[Hanachirusato]] is an outlier because she is a memory recreation of [[Kitsune Saiguu]] made of "filth" by the [[Sacred Sakura]], complete with a non-spectral physical form, and is a different entity from the original Kitsune Saiguu.

In [[Natlan]], souls of the dead are supposed to go to the [[Night Kingdom]]. However, because of the Abyss corrosion, the Night Kingdom's capacity to house souls is severely limited, leading to some souls being stuck in Natlan, unable to go to the Night Kingdom. These souls would eventually and painfully disperse. But if the soul hasn't been deceased for too long and still retains their form, a shaman from [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] such as [[Citlali]] can "open the gate" to the Night Kingdom and let them in; however, it is not a guarantee, and the soul can refuse to enter the Night Kingdom.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|As the Sun Rises and Sets}}</ref>

==List of Ghosts== 
===Mondstadt===
* [[Boreas]]
* [[Stanley (Historical)]]

===Liyue===
{{Column|2|
* [[Big G]]
* [[Lanxi]]
* [[Zhu Ming]]
* [[Mo]]
* [[Shu'yang]]
* [[Qianqian]]
* [[Dusky Ming]]
* [[Yuan Hong]]
* [[Yuan Cheng]]
* [[Yuan Liang]]
* [[Yuan Qing]]
* [[Skybracer]]
}}

===Inazuma===
{{Column|2|
* [[Hanachirusato]]
* [["Boatman"]]
* [[Ruu]]
* [[Ipe]]
* [[Abe]]
* [[Una]]
* [[Kito]]
* [[Kina]]
* [[Chise]]
* [[Shitoki]]
* [[Nonno]]
* [[Rero]]
}}

===Enkanomiya===
{{Main|Shades of Tokoyo}}
Spectral NPCs in Enkanomiya are known as "Shades of Tokoyo."
{{Transclude|Shade of Tokoyo|List of Shades of Tokoyo}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[Category:Ghosts| ]]

[[ja:幽霊]]
[[vi:Linh Hồn]]