{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19068; 19069
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Noelle
|actNum        = I
|act           = Chivalric Training
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|prev          = Fleeting Leisure
|characters    = Beatrice; Noelle; Quinn; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Gift and Intent''' is a quest in [[Noelle]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Chivalric Training]].

==Steps==
*It's the Heart That Matters
*#Make a serving of Mondstadt Grilled Fish
*#Give a serving of Mondstadt Grilled Fish to Bea
*#Talk to Bea
*#Look for Noelle in the library
*#Talk to Noelle

*Sincerest of Gifts
*#Talk to Marjorie
*#Give the Handpicked Gift to Bea
*#Go to [[Cape Oath]]
*#Take a picture of the view of [[Falcon Coast]] from Cape Oath
*#(Go to [[Starsnatch Cliff]])
*#Take a picture of the top of Starsnatch Cliff at night (19:00 - 24:00)
*#Go to Windrise
*#Take a picture at Windrise that captures the river and shade of the trees
*#Talk to Bea
*#Go to Windrise

==Gameplay Notes==
*Beatrice will complain that there are already people at Starsnatch Cliff even if [[Marvin]] and [[Marla]] are out of frame.
*Reading Noelle's study notes grants the ''[[Memories of the Heart]]'' achievement ''[[A World Known Only Unto Roses]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Noelle has, as is her wont, extended a helping hand to Bea, who is facing a bit of a romantic quandary. After some discussion, you decide to use a gift to help Bea get her feelings across...<br />
'''The Almighty Maid and Her Impossible Task:''' Quinn didn't quite catch Bea's drift. Noelle seems a bit down about being unable to help...<br />
'''Promised Place:'''<br />Even though Noelle's recommendations weren't taken up by Bea, the two of you might still be able to enjoy a break after your hard work...}}
===It's the Heart That Matters===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Beatrice with Mondstadt Grilled Fish in inventory)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906801 beatrice 01.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' *sigh* How am I ever going to get Quinn to listen to me...?

:;(Give [[Suspicious Mondstadt Grilled Fish]])
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906801 beatrice 02.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' What's... what's this? Not an attractive sight...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906801 beatrice 03.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Smells a little strange, too... Surely this can't be what you want me give to Quinn?
:{{DIcon}} O&mdash;Of course not...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906801 beatrice 04.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' I'll keep waiting for you here then.

:;(Give [[Mondstadt Grilled Fish]])
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906801 beatrice 05.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Uh... Mondstadt Grilled Fish... for Quinn?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906801 beatrice 06.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' I have often said that I would bring him lunch... Would this really work? Hmm...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906801 beatrice 07.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Well, since it's Noelle's recommendation, I'll give it a try!

:{{A|vo noecop001 1906801 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I hope Quinn understands Bea's intentions...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906801 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' And I hope we were a help this time...
:{{DIcon}} But now's not the best time to disturb them...
:{{DIcon}} Now then, let's take that break...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906801 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Mm... apologies, by the way. I said we would take a break and ended up bothering you.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906801 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh! If you're peckish, just let me know. I can whip something up for you right away!
:{{DIcon}} No whipping anything up...
:{{DIcon}} You're taking a break, remember?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906801 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Argh, sorry. Old habits die hard...

:'''''You enjoy a relaxing time with Noelle...'''''

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' You know... I&mdash;I'm still a little worried about how Bea is doing...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's no stopping you once you're concerned about someone, huh! Come on then, let's see how she's doing!
----
;(Talk to Quinn, optional)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 quinn 01.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Fruit, fresh fruit... want some fruit?
:{{DIcon}} Bea's gift...? Uhh...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 quinn 02.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Oh... she said something about giving me something to eat... but I'm really not hungry right now...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 quinn 03.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Besides, she's constantly talking about bringing me lunch, so I didn't think anything of it this time...

;(Talk to Beatrice)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 beatrice 01.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Ugh...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Bea?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 beatrice 02.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Oh... hi Noelle...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So... Ahem! Did you get a d&mdash;date with Quinn?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 beatrice 03.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' *sigh* I barely want to talk about it...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 beatrice 04.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' I hadn't even given him the Mondstadt Grilled Fish when he muttered something about not having an appetite and not wanting to eat.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 beatrice 05.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' I can't force him to eat, can I...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 beatrice 06.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Looks like I'll just have to try to ask him out some other time.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I... I must apologize.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Next time, I'll help you find a much better gift!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 beatrice 07.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' No need... It should be me apologizing. I was worried and dumped everything on you.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 beatrice 08.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' It's obvious, thinking about it now... Noelle can't be good at everything...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 beatrice 09.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' It's okay. This isn't your fault, I don't blame you. I... I have to get going.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Please... Take care...
:{{DIcon}} ...Noelle...
:{{DIcon}} ...Everything okay?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I'm... I'm fine...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It's just... I feel bad that I couldn't help Bea...
:{{DIcon}} It's impossible to be an expert on everything, you know...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' You're not wrong... but if I give up so easily, then the next time someone needs help, I'll mess up again...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I may not know much about this sort of thing, but at the very least I should try to learn something about it...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I... I'm going to the Knights of Favonius library! There must be some guidance there on the subject of love!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906802 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' The next time I encounter a situation like this, I'll be able to help...

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can Noelle really handle a subject as big as love by herself?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should head to the library and see how she's doing.
{{Dialogue end}}

====The Almighty Maid and Her Impossible Task====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Noelle)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' "...since you've already noticed, I guess I can let you lend a hand."
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...Ah, so that's how it works. When you meet the person who inspires your affections, you have to find a way to do things together with them...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm. "...even if not old enough to drink, one should still learn to discuss the different qualities of wine..."
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...I see, so you need to know how to make yourself interesting, to draw people's attention
:{{DIcon}} What are you reading?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ah! S&mdash;Sorry! I didn't see you there! I was deep in concentration...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I borrowed every book on love from the library that I could find.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' When I've finished reading them, I'll finally be able to give decisive recommendations for next time! ...Even if it is me.
:{{DIcon}} ...So, what books do we have here?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Well, let's see... For example, "[[Vera's Melancholy]]," "[[Heart of Clear Springs]]"...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...All of them contain detailed records of the experience of love! As a maid, my experience leaves a lot to be desired, so I found the quickest way was to take examples from the classics!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' There's also "A Guide to Tavern Chat," and "Shortcuts to Love"...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...These are much more practical in nature! And of course, there are even books that focus on theories of love!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' And there's this one, this book's about... Mmm... hmm...hmm?
:{{DIcon}} About what?
:{{DIcon}} Can I take a look?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' N&mdash;No! ...Nothing! This book... it's too early to read this book...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' L&mdash;Let's look at another one...You have to learn the basics first, after all...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Uh, so this book is about... huh? S&mdash;Same as that one...? Guess this must be a pretty... common topic...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 16.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' *sigh* Looks like I... still have a lot to learn...
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: A Conundrum Called Love====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = A Conundrum Called Love
|character       = Noelle
|act             = 1
|description     = It may take some time yet to discover the formula for "love"...
}}

{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Noelle again)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 17.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Whew! All these b&mdash;books have got my heart racing...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 18.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I think I should take a break and do something else... to distract myself...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906803 noelle 19.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Then again, perhaps I should finish this one first. Just the one, right?

;(Read Noelle's Study Notes)
:'''Noelle's Study Notes:''' "Make time to be together alone," "Give {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} a cake you made yourself"...
:'''Noelle's Study Notes:''' Words of counsel and wisdom are penned here in a lovely hand that unfortunately grew shaky towards the tail end.
:'''Noelle's Study Notes:''' Some of the text has been arbitrarily struck out, seemingly a result of the owner's emotions suddenly running high.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Sincerest of Gifts===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Beatrice, optional)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 beatrice 01.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' *sigh* How am I ever going to get Quinn to listen to me...?
----
;(Talk to Marjorie)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 01.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Welcome to [[With Wind Comes Glory]]! Well, if it isn't Noelle and the Honorary Knight!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 02.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' And what wind brought the two of you together? I barely ever see Noelle in someone else's company.
:{{DIcon}} Barely ever?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 03.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Well, when Noelle's working, she practically always takes care of things by herself.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 04.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' And once she's finished with A, it's straight off to take care of B. Seems she hardly has time to catch her breath.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 05.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Say, Noelle... you're not a child anymore, you know?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 06.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' If you don't take time out for yourself, you may come to regret it in the future...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I, um... decided to take a break today...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But something came up...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 07.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Oh? So it's a day off... with the Honorary Knight?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 08.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Ooooh! How wonderful! That's something to celebrate!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 09.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' You must be here to pick out a gift for the Honorary Knight? Choose anything you like. We have a lot that might tickle your fancy!
:{{DIcon}} Even without gifts, today is still a day to be celebrated.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 10.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Wow! So this must be... an anniversary? How many years? Come on, give me the details...
:{{DIcon}} Actually, we're here to help someone else choose a gift.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 11.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Aww, so shy! No use denying it though.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, I'm here to buy a gift for Noelle.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 12.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Oh! Well, it doesn't matter who's sending what to who... You can't get without giving!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Stop teasing!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Me and the Honorary Knight don't have that kind of relationship...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 13.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Hehehe... not yet!
:{{DIcon}} Seems you have a knack for this kind of thing, Marjorie...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 14.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Eh! I guess... After all, Noelle here is the type that needs a push every now and again.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 15.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' But looks like she's still in the dark when it comes to these things.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I... I just feel... I shouldn't let such things distract me from my Chivalric Training!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes... there are too many important things to take care of...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 16.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Okay, okay, no more teasing. So, what is the reason for this visit?
:{{DIcon}} It's like this...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 17.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' So... you're choosing a gift for Bea to give to Quinn...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 18.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' In that case, I have a couple of fun new things in stock: a Frostening Bottle and a Squirrel Wood Carving.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 19.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' The Frostening Bottle is very useful to keep alcohol cold and fresh for a long time.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 20.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' As for the Squirrel Wood Carving... Well, it's a nice ornament, and it would look great at Quinn's stall.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 21.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' So, bottle or ornament... which will it be?
:{{DIcon}} The Frostening Bottle...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' A Frostening Bottle... a fitting gift for one of the Four Drunkards.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' (They remembered what I said... Aww...)
:{{DIcon}} The Squirrel Wood Carving...
:;(-1 Heart)
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmmm... I'm a little worried that Quinn might just throw a wood carving in a drawer and forget about it...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' To be on the safe side, how about we give him the Frostening Bottle?
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' As one of the Four Drunkards, he's sure to love it!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906901 marjorie 22.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' So, Frostening Bottle it is? Alrighty, let me wrap it up for you.
:;(Obtain [[Handpicked Gift]] ×1)

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Okay, now that the gift is wrapped...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Let's hurry back and give it to Bea!
----
;(Talk to Beatrice)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 beatrice 01.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Hmmm? Give the Frostening Bottle to Quinn?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 beatrice 02.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' It does look like something that he's be interested in.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 beatrice 03.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Wait, wait... maybe... I can use the gift as bait... I could say that if he wants to get the gift then he'll have to come on a date with me first...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 beatrice 04.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Thank you both so much! With this gift, there's no way Quinn will be able to refuse me!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Uh-huh... Is that how gifts work?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Well, as long as it helps!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 beatrice 05.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Ah! Oh no!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' What's wrong?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' The gift? Is there something wrong with the gift?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 beatrice 06.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' No, no, it's not the gift...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 beatrice 07.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' I've been so focused on convincing Quinn, I haven't even thought about where our date's gonna be!
:{{DIcon}} No... really?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 beatrice 08.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' I've never gotten to that stage!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 beatrice 09.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Noelle... could you help me...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 beatrice 10.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' *sigh* A date should be properly planned, so I'll wait. No need to rush!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906902 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Just... leave it to me.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' A date... Hmm, we'll need a place with pleasant scenery and a quiet atmosphere...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Let's look around. If we see anywhere good, let's take a picture and let Bea have the final say.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh! There's a beautiful and touching tale about Cape Oath. Maybe that would be a good spot?
----
;(Go to Cape Oath)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ah, you can see Falcon Coast from here! Such a beautiful view!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Let's find a good angle to take a picture!

;(Take a picture facing Falcon Coast)
:;(Obtain [[Picture of Cape Oath]] ×1)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Let's head to Starsnatch Cliff next!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Starsnatch Cliff, another beautiful location &mdash; and so elevated! This place is super famous for its nightscape.
----
;(Go to Starsnatch Cliff)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I know, let's get a picture from the top.

;(Take a picture between 19:00 and 24:00 facing the summit of Starsnatch Cliff)
:;(Obtain [[Picture of Starsnatch Cliff]] ×1)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Now... one more option should do it...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh! Let's go to Windrise!
----
;(Talk to Beatrice before going to Windrise)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 beatrice 01.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Oh? You're back! Find any romantic locations?
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 beatrice 02.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Oh... then please keep looking! This is really important to me.

;(Go to Windrise)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Look over there, the Windrise tree! Symbol of the great hero, Vennessa!
:'''Paimon:''' You're pretty excited, huh Noelle?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' M&mdash;My apologies. We're supposed to be picking a venue for Miss Bea...
:'''Paimon:''' Nice! The scenery here is pretty good too! Small rivers and soft shadows under the trees. Let's get a picture!

;(Take a picture with the shade of the tree and the river at Windrise)
:;(Obtain [[Picture of Windrise]] ×1)
:'''Paimon:''' That should do it. Let's get back to Bea!
----
;(Talk to Beatrice)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 beatrice 03.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Oh, you guys are back. What romantic locations did you find?
:{{DIcon}} Windrise...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yeah! What about Windrise?
:{{DIcon}} Starsnatch Cliff...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 beatrice 04.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Wait... aren't there people here already?
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 beatrice 05.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' I don't want other people ruining the atmosphere while we're on the date...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 beatrice 06.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Let's look at another place...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' How... how about Windrise?
:{{DIcon}} Cape Oath...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 beatrice 07.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Cape Oath... as in maybe taking a relationship oath? Sounds great!
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 beatrice 08.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' You can see the sea from there, right? I love the sea.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Well, what do you think about Windrise?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 16.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' May your love be as free as a dandelion...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 beatrice 09.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Windrise? Hmm, that's a great location... but isn't it a bit cliché?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 17.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Huh? C-Cliché?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 beatrice 10.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Well, old folks are always going on about something symbolic about that place... Besides, we've been there so many times when we were young.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 beatrice 11.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' It just feels like there's nothing special or new about it...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 18.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh... okay...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 beatrice 12.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Hmmm... I'm going with Cape Oath! Thanks so much. I'm off to find Quinn.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 beatrice 13.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Ahhhh, Quinn... I wonder what kind of oath he'll make to me...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 19.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Uhh...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 20.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Is Windrise... no longer popular...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 21.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But... the book said it was the most popular place in Mondstadt...
:{{DIcon}} When was the book written?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 22.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Uh... I'm not sure, I found it while cleaning a corner if the library...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 23.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It was the story of Windrise and Lady Vennessa...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 24.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I thought folks in Mondstadt would still like to go there...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry about it. I like it.
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to go there with me?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 25.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Huh? You want to go to Windrise?
:{{DIcon}} Think of it as our last break of the day.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906903 noelle 26.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' O&mdash;Okay! Follow me!
{{Dialogue end}}

====Promised Place====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Beatrice and Quinn at Cape Oath)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 beatrice 01.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' ...Quinn! Look! That's Falcon Coast &mdash; right there!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 quinn 01.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' Wow, you really can see it... I've always thought it was far away... I had no idea how close it was.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 beatrice 02.ogg}} '''Beatrice:''' Perhaps... there are other things around you that seem far away, but are actually very close...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 quinn 02.ogg}} '''Quinn:''' You're right... So many potential customers out there...

;(Approach Noelle)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' *sigh* The air here really refreshes you in an instant.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Forget about training and work, just breathe and feel the wind... Nothing else...
:{{DIcon}} You can come here whenever you like, you know.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ha, that's true.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But training and work are still the things I need to focus on.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' If I didn't take them seriously, I wouldn't be a reliable maid.
:{{DIcon}} Isn't that tiring?
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes, to some degree. But, Lady Vennessa... and Master Jean... they worked much harder than me.
:{{DIcon}} So this is the responsibility that you put on yourself?
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Put it this way, Lady Vennessa... and Master Jean... the responsibilities they carry &mdash; that they carried &mdash; those are the heaviest.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I know I have a lot to live up to. That's why I want to become a real knight of Favonius &mdash; to help more people.
:{{DIcon}} You already possess the greatest qualities of a knight.
:{{DIcon}} Helping others is the greatest quality of a knight.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' R&mdash;Really...? Thank you.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' If you weren't here today, I wouldn't have been able to help Bea.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It's just a small token of appreciation, but I hope you'll accept it.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Roses are my favorite flower. This is a paper one that I folded by hand.
:{{DIcon}} ...Do you know the meaning of a rose?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Of course! In Mondstadt, roses represent the saying, "As wine bottles are corked, so too my lips are sealed."
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I have seen and learned a lot during our time together.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It will become a wonderful memory &mdash; one that I will savor again and again...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 16.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I want it to remain in my heart and become a secret between the two of us.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 17.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' *sigh* ...Wait! Do you mean that... roses have some meaning that I don't know about?
:{{DIcon}} Uh... never mind.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 18.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh... I'll need to go back to the library and find out...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 19.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Still, whatever a rose means...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 20.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I hope that this one can stay by your side in all your future adventures!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906904 noelle 21.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Before I'm able to fight alongside you, Honorary Knight...
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: Whisper of the Paper Rose====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Whisper of the Paper Rose
|character       = Noelle
|act             = 1
|description     = "The meaning of the rose only exists in our hearts..."
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Gift and Intent
|zhs     = 礼物与心意
|zhs_rm  = Lǐwù Yǔ Xīnyì
|zht     = 禮物與心意
|zht_rm  = Lǐwù Yǔ Xīnyì
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = プレゼントと気持ち
|ja_rm   = Purezento to Kimochi
|ja_tl   = Present and Feelings
|ko      = 선물과 마음
|ko_rm   = Seonmulgwa Maeum
|ko_tl   = Gift and Mind
|es      = La intención es lo que cuenta
|es_tl   = The Intention is What Counts
|fr      = Cadeau & intention
|fr_tl   = Gift & Intention
|ru      = Подарок со смыслом
|ru_tl   = A Gift with Intention
|th      = ของขวัญและความตั้งใจ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Gift and Intention
|vi      = Lễ Vật Và Tâm Ý
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Absichtsvolles Geschenk
|de_tl   = Intentional Gift
|id      = Hadiah dan Ketulusan
|id_tl   = Gift and Sincerity
|pt      = Presente e Intenção
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kalpten Bir Hediye
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Dono e intento
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[ja:プレゼントと気持ち]]