{{Hidden Exploration Objectives Infobox
|image      = HEO Giovanni's Watch.png
|type       = Quest-Like
|req        = 
|region     = Fontaine
|area       = Nostoi Region
|subarea    = Petrichor
|loc        = [[Petrichor]], [[Nostoi Region]]
|characters = Giovanni; Traveler
|rewards    = {{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}{{Card|Guide to Order|2}}
}}
'''Giovanni's Watch''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] that takes place in [[Petrichor]], [[Nostoi Region]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Giovanni]]
# Find "proof" of barbarian activity
#* Pick up {{Item|A Ridiculously Common Branch|x=3}} near the house
# Report back to Giovanni
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
*
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Giovanni)
:'''Giovanni:''' *sigh* I wonder when this war will finally be over...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing up there on the roof?
:'''Giovanni:''' Hmmm? I'm monitoring the area for any suspicious barbarian activity, of course! Recently... Wait a moment. How did you get up this watchtower, citizen?
:{{DIcon}} That's my line, really...
:'''Giovanni:''' *sigh* Whatever, that isn't important. Tribunus Mettius says that the savages' assaults are advancing apace. The latest news is that they might have sent spies among us. We must be on guard.
:'''Giovanni:''' But would those brutes really be interested in our remote little city? To the extent that they would go through all the trouble of sending spies?
:{{DIcon}} Meat is meat, no matter how small the portion.
:'''Giovanni:''' Ah, citizen, you speak true! It seems I must keep to my task. Hmm... Judging by how you spoke, might you be experienced in such matters?
:'''Giovanni:''' In which case, could I entreat you to survey the surrounding area? Should the barbarians have been active, they must have left some trail. Like a wooden sword, perhaps...
:{{DIcon}} Uh, like kids play-fighting?
:'''Giovanni:''' Well now, they *are* savages. Would it be so strange that they would use sticks as weapons?
:'''Giovanni:''' In any case, I am counting on you. Should you discover anything, report back to me &mdash; consider it your joyous duty as a [[Remuria|Remurian]].

;(Talk to Giovanni again)
:'''Giovanni:''' Have you made any discoveries, citizen?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I found a few...
:;(Opens submission menu)
:{{DIcon}} It's nothing.
::'''Giovanni:''' Stay safe! Report to me should anything arise!
----
;(After submitting {{Item|A Ridiculously Common Branch|x=3}})
:'''Giovanni:''' To think that... There can be no mistake. This is one of the barbarians' signal poles, by which they send their vile messages!
:{{DIcon}} You sure about that?
:{{DIcon}} You said it was a wooden sword just now...
:'''Giovanni:''' *sigh* I cannot believe that their spies truly have infiltrated our ranks. It seems Tribunus Mettius's fears were not unfounded.
:'''Giovanni:''' Once I report this matter to him, I will have discharged my duty.
:'''Giovanni:''' You have my thanks regardless, citizen. If not for you, our defenses might have collapsed well before the heathen hordes arrived!
:'''Giovanni:''' I will surely mention your contribution when making my report.
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = 
|caption1 = 
}}
-->
==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Hidden Exploration Objective Navbox|Quest-Like}}