{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Sayu
|actNum        = I
|act           = Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu
|startLocation = [[Chinju Forest]], [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Chinju Forest
|requirement   = 
|prev          = A Mysterious Order
|next          = Bottleneck Breaking
|next2         = Sleep Alone Can't Wait
|next3         = Operation Substitution
|characters    = Kano Nana; Sayu; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Give It Up!''' is a quest in [[Sayu]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Yoohoo Art: Seichou no Jutsu]].

==Steps==
# Go to Chinju Forest
#* Ask Sayu if growing taller is all she cares about, and...
#** Tell her that sleep alone won't make her grow taller. Proceed to [[Bottleneck Breaking]].
#** Tell her that it's the quality of sleep that's keeping her from growing. Proceed to [[Sleep Alone Can't Wait]].
#* Tell Sayu not to neglect her work. Proceed to [[Operation Substitution]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Sayu has been discovered by Kano Nana, and has no choice but to return to Chinju Forest to practice ninjutsu. She begs you to come along, and so you do...}}
===Give It Up!===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to Chinju Forest)
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 kanonana 01.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' We've arrived. Alright, I will go to the Yashiro Commission now to inquire about Sayu's mission orders. In the meantime, please keep an eye on her.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 kanonana 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 kanonana 02b.ogg}}--> '''Kano Nana:''' Sayu, you can start by warming up. Though you may often be difficult for me, I certainly will not abide any trouble for the Traveler. Understand?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yes, ma'am.

:'''''Kano Nana leaves.'''''

:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Good, she's gone. Phew, no more work for today, hehe!
:{{DIcon}} So that's why you wanted me to come along? To help you slack off?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Actually... I invited you to come as a helper. No need to go into too much detail.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 04.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' The shrine maiden is terrifying. As soon as she picks up on my tracks, it's nearly impossible for me to shake her.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 05.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But you are also super skilled, so maybe you can help me.
:{{DIcon}} I don't think I should be doing this kind of thing.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 06.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Huh? You mean you won't rescue someone in a moment of dire need?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 07.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' All that goes on here is cruel and involuntary labor.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 08.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Is it wrong to wish for ample rest? How else can I ever reach my growth spurt!? I'm not being unreasonable.
:{{DIcon}} I've been meaning to ask you... Why are you so obsessed with sleeping all the time?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 09.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Don't you know, there are tons of benefits to sleeping! You can regain energy, clear your mind, pass the time, and escape from all your troubles.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 10.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But most importantly, sleep helps you grow, and I've got plenty of growing to do.
:{{DIcon}} Growing?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 11.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' That's right. The other ninja can leap up tall trees in a single bound and pick the tasty fruit way up high. Being tall is the key to everything.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 12.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' All the other ninja my age are already way taller than me. Sensei told me that kids only have one chance to grow up, and that I'll miss my chance if I keep slacking off.
:{{DIcon}} But is growing taller really related to how long you sleep?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 13.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Of course it is! Haven't you seen someone suddenly grow taller while they're sleeping?
:{{DIcon}} I've never seen anyone grow in their sleep.
:{{DIcon}} I don't think anyone could "suddenly" grow taller.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 14.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' It happens all the time! Though, I guess it does sound silly when you think about it...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 15.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ugh, never mind. The longer I talk to you, the more you'll convince me otherwise...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 16.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Besides, what's wrong with wanting a little more sleep? *yawn* See... I'm already crazy tired.
:{{DIcon}} Growing taller is what you really care about, isn't it?
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} I can see that you're tired, but it's not good to neglect your work either.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} Growing taller is what you really care about, isn't it?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 17.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Exactly. At first, I only wanted to grow as fast as possible. But as I started sleeping more every day, the sleepier I became. The sleepier I became, the more I slept.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 18.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Even right now, I'm awake and talking with you, but my brain still feels half asleep... Trust me, work is the last thing on my mind.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 19.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Maybe you can help me! Even though I've been getting more sleep recently, I haven't gained any height at all. Any ideas?
:{{DIcon}} Sleep alone isn't enough to make you grow taller.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1.A|Branch 1.A]])
:{{DIcon}} It's not the amount of sleep but the quality of sleep that's keeping you from growing.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1.B|Branch 1.B]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Branch 1.A====
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} Sleep alone isn't enough to make you grow taller.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 31.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Huh? You're saying there's a way to grow taller while I'm awake, too?
:{{DIcon}} Plants grow best when the environmental conditions are right for them to generate energy and get proper nutrition. The same is probably true for people.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 32.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yes... You do have a point. Hmm.
:{{DIcon}} How is your appetite these days?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 33.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' It's nothing compared to the adults. Just a little food is enough to make me full. I usually prefer eating fruit rather than those big, filling dishes.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 34.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' But I think I get it now... With more nutrients, people can grow bigger and taller. If anybody can eat a lot, it's the samurai. I should follow their example.
:{{DIcon}} You don't need to grow as big as a samurai though...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 35.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hehe, I guess. Let's head into town and find something to eat.
:{{DIcon}} But Kano Nana hasn't returned yet.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 36.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' We won't be able to go anywhere once she's around. Now's our only chance!
:;(Proceed to [[Bottleneck Breaking]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Branch 1.B====
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} It's not the amount of sleep but the quality of sleep that's keeping you from growing.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 37.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Quality sleep is hard to come by, especially with the shrine maiden always after me... Not much I can do about that.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 38.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Somehow, she knows all my favorite napping spots. Sometimes I wonder if she knows everything. *sigh* It's tough to throw her off my trail.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 39.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Anyway, let's go have a look around. *yawn* Maybe we can find a nice place to curl up for a nap.
:;(Proceed to [[Sleep Alone Can't Wait]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} I can see that you're tired, but it's not good to neglect your work either.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 20.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Yeah, I suppose I haven't kept up with my duties... I'm sorry, but...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 21.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *yawn* I really am getting sleepy...
:{{DIcon}} It seems you aren't taking the matter to heart at all.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 22.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' It's because my work is just too boring. Transporting documents, organizing the ninja tools... As long as I don't do the work, no one will come asking me to do it again.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 23.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' The higher ups always give all the important tasks to more suitable operatives. They never even give me a second thought.
:{{DIcon}} It's still your responsibility to fulfil your duties.
:{{DIcon}} You should try to at least keep your sensei and Kano Nana from worrying.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 24.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hmm. Now that you say that, I just had an idea.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 25.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' If you learn ninjutsu and help me with my tasks, then I can sleep peacefully and focus more on growing.
:{{DIcon}} You still haven't taken anything I've said to heart.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 26.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Ninjutsu will come in super handy during your adventures. Don't worry, I'll personally teach you everything.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 27.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' If you work hard, then I'll work hard to teach you. See? This way, nobody is wasting time being lazy, hehe!
:{{DIcon}} Now you're the one trying to convince me to work.
:{{DIcon}} Fine, if that's what we have to do.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 28.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Thank you so much! See, you're the hero that protects Sayu's nap time!
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 29.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' We can start training as soon as the shrine maiden gets back.

:'''''After a while, Kano Nana returns.'''''

:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 kanonana 03.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Oh, I'm honestly surprised to see you still here, Sayu. Unless... Is this some sort of trick?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 30a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 sayu 30b.ogg}}--> '''Sayu:''' The Traveler is interested in ninjutsu and wants to learn together.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 kanonana 04.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Is that so? Though it is strictly forbidden for some techniques to be taught to outsiders...
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 kanonana 05.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' But I suppose you are an exception in this case.
:{{DIcon}} Did you find out more about the ambush thing?
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 kanonana 06.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Indeed, I did. I was able to determine that the Yashiro Commission had no intent of carrying out such a mission. They are now investigating the origins of these orders.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 kanonana 07.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Rest assured, the related personnel are all aware of the situation and there should be no further threats to your safety.
:{{DIcon}} Good to hear.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 kanonana 08.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Well then, let us begin your ninjutsu training.
:{{A|vo zycop001 1901001 kanonana 09.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Please, (Traveler), follow us.
:;(Proceed to [[Operation Substitution]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Give It Up!
|zhs     = 束手就擒
|zhs_rm  = Shùshǒujiùqín
|zht     = 束手就擒
|zht_rm  = Shùshǒujiùqín
|zh_tl   = Give In
|ja      = 囚われの身
|ja_rm   = Toraware no Mi
|ja_tl   = Caught
|ko      = 순순한 항복
|ko_rm   = Sunsunhan Hangbok
|ko_tl   = Obedient Surrender
|es      = ¡Ríndete!
|es_tl   = Give Up!
|fr      = En flagrant délit !
|fr_tl   = (Caught) in the Act!
|ru      = Сопротивление бесполезно
|ru_tl   = Resistance is Futile
|th      = ยอมให้จับแต่โดยดี
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bó Tay Chịu Trói
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gib es auf!
|de_tl   = Give it up!
|id      = Menyerahlah!
|id_tl   = Give Up!
|pt      = É o seu fim!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Eller Yukarı!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Arrendetevi!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}