{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Gladiator's Triumphus.png
|set   = Gladiator's Finale
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|The helmet of a legendary gladiator from ancient times, who would proudly stretch out his bloodied arms to welcome the thunderous applause of his audience.}}
'''Gladiator's Triumphus''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Gladiator's Finale]].

==Description==
A helmet of the gladiator adorned with feathers.<br>To zealous spectators, this helmet was the symbol of invincibility.

The legendary gladiator had fought numerous battles.<br>None had ever stood a chance of survival before his sword, be they human or monster.<br>On each triumphant day, the champion gladiator would walk through the gate to a hero's welcome from the adoring crowd.

Only in moments of victory could the slave have a taste of what it felt like to be a master. But the cost of this vain aspiration was for the faint glow of freedom to be shrouded by darkness.<br>On the day of his triumph, the gladiator finally caught a glimpse of the world outside his cell. He was a step closer to freedom.

But only when his helmet fell down on the arena floor did he and the spectators alike realize that it was all just a farce.<br>The offering of his petty life made no difference. He would always be a worthless slave in the eyes of his master.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Gladiator's Triumphus
|zhs      = 角斗士的凯旋
|zhs_rm   = Jiǎodòushì de Kǎixuán
|zht      = 角鬥士的凱旋
|zht_rm   = Jiǎodòushì de Kǎixuán
|zh_tl    = Gladiator's Triumphant Return
|ja       = 剣闘士の凱旋
|ja_rm    = Keitoushi no Gaisen
|ja_tl    = Gladiator's Triumphant Return
|ko       = 검투사의 개선
|ko_rm    = Geomtusa-ui Gaeseon
|ko_tl    = Gladiator's Triumphant Return
|es       = Triunfo del Gladiador
|es_tl    = Triumph of the Gladiator
|fr       = Triomphe du Gladiateur
|fr_tl    = Triumph of the Gladiator
|ru       = Триумф гладиатора
|ru_tl    = Gladiator's Triumph
|th       = Gladiator's Triumphus
|vi       = Nón Giác Đấu Sĩ
|vi_tl    = Gladiator's Hat
|de       = Triumph des Gladiators
|de_tl    = Triumph of the Gladiator
|id       = Gladiator's Triumph
|pt       = Triunfo do Gladiador
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Gladyatörün Zaferi
|tr_tl    = The Gladiator's Triumph
|it       = Trionfo del gladiatore
|it_tl    = Triumph of the Gladiator
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Gladiator's Finale}}

[[fr:Triomphe du Gladiateur]]
[[ja:剣闘士の凱旋]]
[[tr:Gladyatörün Zaferi]]
[[uk:Тріумф гладіатора]]
[[vi:Nón Giác Đấu Sĩ]]
[[zh:角鬥士的凱旋]]