{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Gladiator's Destiny.png
|set   = Gladiator's Finale
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|A feather of dreams that soars free like an eagle. At the end of the gladiator's legendary life, this parting gift was left upon his chest by a bird that knew true freedom.}}
'''Gladiator's Destiny''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Gladiator's Finale]].

==Description==
The end had finally come for the triumphant gladiator.<br />The young challenger paid her final homage to the gladiator.

When the vanity of victory and desire for freedom dissipated into the air like the morning fog,<br />and when the light of dawn finally shone on the arena through layers of blood-soaked clouds, the gladiator saw a flying bird.

One battle away from being free, the gladiator was defeated by an anonymous girl.<br />Cries and howls burst out in the crowd like pounding thunder, but the victor refused to humiliate her opponent by execution.<br />She refused to plunge her sword into the opponent's throat and end his life like that of a slave.

The gladiator's healing wounds were covered with invisible feathers.<br />He eventually set off on a journey, finally as free as a bird.<br />His destination was the place where flowers bloom and birds soar.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Gladiator's Destiny
|zhs     = 角斗士的归宿
|zhs_rm  = Jiǎodòushì de Guīsù
|zht     = 角鬥士的歸宿
|zht_rm  = Jiǎodòushì de Guīsù
|zh_tl   = Gladiator's Destiny
|ja      = 剣闘士の帰着
|ja_rm   = Kentoushi no Kichaku
|ja_tl   = Gladiator's Return Home
|ja_note = {{ja|帰着}} can also mean "conclusion."
|ko      = 검투사의 귀결
|ko_rm   = Geomtusa-ui Gwigyeol
|ko_tl   = Gladiator's Conclusion
|es      = Destino del Gladiador
|es_tl   = Destiny of the Gladiator
|fr      = Destination du Gladiateur
|fr_tl   = Destination of the Gladiator
|ru      = Судьба гладиатора
|ru_tl   = Destiny of the Gladiator
|th      = Gladiator's Destiny
|vi      = Giác Đấu Sĩ Trở Về
|vi_tl   = Gladiator Returns
|de      = Zuflucht des Gladiators
|de_tl   = Refuge of the Gladiator
|id      = Gladiator's Destiny
|pt      = Destino do Gladiador
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gladyatörün Kaderi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Destino del gladiatore
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Gladiator's Finale}}

[[fr:Destination du Gladiateur]]
[[ja:剣闘士の帰着]]
[[ru:Судьба гладиатора]]
[[zh:角鬥士的歸宿]]