{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Exploration Abilities
}}
'''Gliding''' is a movement ability that allows the player to freely glide through the air while consuming [[Stamina]]. It is unlocked after receiving the [[Wind Glider]] from [[Amber]] during the [[City of Freedom]] quest.

Like [[Climbing]] and [[Swimming]], the player cannot perform combat actions while gliding, with [[#Combat Talents|exceptions]].

To initiate gliding, press the 'jump' button mid-air to open your Wind Glider. To cancel gliding, press the 'jump' button again or initiate a plunged attack to slam down to the ground. The player must be high enough off the ground to activate (e.g. jumping off an appropriate ledge), but if the player becomes incapacitated (e.g. Frozen), the player will immediately cancel gliding and start falling.

Gliding consumes 3 stamina per second,<ref>Approximated from player testing. Source wanted.</ref> but can be reduced by some [[Stamina#Food|Food]] and [[#Talents|Talents]]. The [[Red Feather Fan]] [[gadget]] allows the player to increase the gliding speed by 30% for 30 seconds.

==Gliding Abilities==
===Talents===
[[Talents]] that affect gliding.
{{Talents by Category Table|Gliding Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|Gliding Constellations}}

==Combat Talents==
These are skills that can be used midair, including while gliding, jumping, or falling without being in a helpless state. Using these skills in midair does not consume any Stamina and also closes the player's Wind Glider until the player opens it again.

{{Talents by Category Table|Midair Usable Talents}}

* During Windtrace, the [[Windtrace#Hunter|Windward Art "Capture!"]], which replaces the Elemental Skill for Hunters, can be activated while gliding.

==Obstacles==
{{Stub|Missing flavor text to help describe name/description ([[Gliding Challenge]] didn't record the flavor texts for each event).}}
The player may encounter the following gliding-related objects:
* [[Anemo Ring]]s: These are hoops that boost players while gliding through them.
* [[Upcurrent]]s / Wind Currents: These are rising air currents that will give the player a vertical height boost to the top of the current upon gliding through them.

Several other obstacles were first introduced in the [[Gliding Challenge]] event. These balloons also appear in the [[Windblume Festival]] Floral Freefall gliding challenge.
* [[Dusty Balloon]]: Explodes when hit, creating a dust cloud that obstructs vision
* [[Boom Balloon]]: Explodes when hit, knocking the player away
* [[Wind Ring Balloon]]: Creates a downward air current when hit
* [[Vortex Balloon]]: Generates a vortex when hit, pulling in the player within an AoE around it

==Events==
===Gliding Challenge===
In the event '''Gliding Challenge''', the player can perform extra actions which include sprinting and ascending. These features are only found while participating in the challenges themselves.

*Abilities
** Sprint - Consumes one of two charges to hurl yourself through the air (recharged by picking up the Anemo particles in the air)
** Ascend - Rapidly rise a set distance into the air (??? CD)
*Features
**[[Anemo]] Particles - Used to recharge '''Sprint'''
** Obstacles - All obstacles were introduced in this event (Wind Breakers, Dusty Balloon, Boom Balloon).
** Insignia - Coin like objects that contribute the most to the event score.

===Floral Freefall===
In the event Invitation of Windblume's Festive Challenge ''[[Invitation of Windblume/Festive Challenges#Floral Freefall|Floral Freefall]]'', the player must attempt to score points while free falling.

*Features
**Points:
***Fluorescent Flowerball - Is worth 35 points per flower ball
***Honey-Petal Crown - Is worth 200 points per flower ball
***Finish Line Garland - Placed on the ground, constantly moves, and is worth 400 points
***Time Points - Remaining time is converted into points (10 points per second).
**Obstacles:
***Dusty Balloon - Explodes when hit, creating a dust cloud that obstructs vision
***Boom Balloon - Explodes when hit, knocking the player away
***Wind Ring Balloon - Creates a downward air current when hit
***Vortex Balloon - Generates a vortex when hit, pulling in the player within an AoE around it

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox}}