{{Book Infobox
|id          = 100236
|image       = Book Gliding Manual.png
|type        = Quest Items
|quality     = 0
|region_lore = Mondstadt
|region_location = Mondstadt
|description = A guidebook for the ones new to using wind gliders. It also serves as a mandatory reading material to get a gliding license in Mondstadt. It contains all the necessary info any user must know.
|source1     = [[Outrider Style]] Quest
}}
'''Gliding Instruction Manual''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during {{Quest|Outrider Style}}.

==Text==
# Before gliding, make sure you are physically and mentally prepared.
# Make use of a wind current or elevated terrain for take off.
# Keep an eye on the wind conditions while gliding to maintain steady balance.
# Pay attention to air traffic conditions and only use a wind glider while the date on your gliding license remains valid.
# Keep your balance while gliding and retract the wind glider at a safe altitude.
# Don't drink and glide!

;Violation Cases
# To make his daughter happy, a Mondstadt civilian named [[Rudolf]] jumped from his two-story house, resulting in the fracturing of his left leg and a contusion to his buttocks. This accident could have cost [[Lily]] her father. Rudolf received a warning ticket and had his gliding license suspended for one year.
# A tourist named [[Alice]] summoned a wind current at Windrise by blasting an Anemo Slime and used it to quickly climb great heights with a wind glider. The legendary adventurer performed a series of aerobatic stunts in the skies above Mondstadt. Her performance earned a big round of applause from the crowd. However, Jean, the Acting Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius, summoned her and gave her a 10-day detention.
# To show off his self-proclaimed lyre playing skills, [[Six-Fingered José|José]] the bard tried to play the lyre while using a wind glider and insisted on singing the long sonnet he had just finished.<br>After ten minutes of mumbling and unbearable lyre tune, the Six-Fingered José, who is acclaimed as the bard no worse than Barbatos, fell into the wishing well head first before half of the civilians of Mondstadt. Luckily, Barbatos always pays extra care to those with little self-awareness. Although the lyre and the wind glider were badly damaged, the bard himself suffered only minor bruising. José got his gliding license suspended for five years for reckless gliding and had to perform community service for three months.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Gliding Instruction Manual
|zhs     = 飞行指南
|zhs_rm  = Fēixíng Zhǐnán
|zht     = 飛行指南
|zht_rm  = Fēixíng Zhǐnán
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 飛行指南
|ja_rm   = Hikou Shinan
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 비행 가이드
|ko_tl   = Flying Guide
|es      = Guía de vuelo
|es_tl   = Flight Guide
|fr      = Guide de planage
|fr_tl   = Gliding Guide
|ru      = Руководство по управлению планером
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = คู่มือแนะนำการร่อนเวหา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hướng Dẫn Bay
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Flugratgeber
|de_tl   = Flight Guide
|id      = Panduan Meluncur
|id_tl   = Gliding Manual
|pt      = Guia de Planagem
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Uçuş Rehberi
|tr_tl   = Flight Guide
|it      = Manuale di volo a vela
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Book Navbox|Mondstadt}}

[[es:Guía de vuelo]]
[[ja:飛行指南]]
[[pt-br:Guia de Planagem]]
[[ru:Руководство по управлению планером]]
[[vi:Hướng Dẫn Bay]]
[[uk:Посібник із планерування]]