{{Event Tabs}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Paimon:''' Why doesn't anyone go to the [[Spantamad]] booth? It's the [[Akademiya Extravaganza]], there should be loads of people!
:'''Traveler:''' Well, the theme is using potions to go adventuring... Normal students would have a hard time participating.
:'''Paimon:''' If it's for normal students, they should choose a theme like "A Guide to Simple and Useful Potions that Everyone Should Have for At-Home Usage or Traveling" or...
:'''Paimon:''' Phew... that's a loooong name!
:'''Traveler:''' Sounds tempting, maybe we'll open our own booth in future Akademiya Extravaganzas.
:'''Traveler:''' But, Paimon doesn't know anything about potions! Is it too late for Paimon to join the Akademiya and learn?
:'''Paimon:''' No! Paimon doesn't want to spend all her time writing papers for the Akademiya! Paimon doesn't need to know anything about potions, Paimon knows [[Nahida]] and [[Cyno]], and that's enough!
:'''Paimon:''' For the God of Wisdom, potions should be as easy as pie! And Cyno's the representative of Spantamad!
:'''Traveler:''' So now we have capable and helpful mentors, and students like Paimon who aren't diligent or studious.
:'''Paimon:''' Ta-da! Paimon's Potions Period is starting!
:'''Paimon:''' You make the potions, you describe them, but Paimon picks better names than you! Paimon wants to give the names!
:'''Traveler:''' No time to lose, let's go to the [[Sanctuary of Surasthana]] and see if Nahida's there!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tutorial==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Paimon:''' Traveler! Paimon found some [[White Iron Chunk]]{{sic|<!--singular-->|hide=1}} and [[Mint]], let's throw 'em in the cauldron and give it a whirl!
:Hold to select the materials, and add them to the cauldron to begin mixing and heating them into a completed potion.

;(Add the White Iron Chunk)
:'''Paimon:''' Once we've obtained more ingredients, let's place them into the cauldron, then begin mixing and heating them as if you were cooking. Paimon believes that'll get you a perfect potion!

;(Add the Mint)
:'''Paimon:''' Now that we've tossed the materials into the pot... what base should we add? How about we try some water first! Maybe it'll turn into something delicious, like [[Berry & Mint Burst]]!

;(Add the Water)
:While crafting potions, you may reset the process at any time. Resetting will not consume potion ingredients.
:Hold down the stirring rod and move your mouse/swipe the screen to mix the ingredients that have already been added.

;(Stir the ingredients)
:'''Paimon:''' Now that the materials are all nice and blended, it's time to turn up the heat!
:Click to move the bellows and heat up the potion{{sic|<!--no punctuation-->|hide=1}}

;(Move the bellows)
:'''Paimon:''' Hotter, hotter! Heating up food makes it tasty, Paimon wonders what heating up a potion will do!
:'''Paimon:''' Potion obtained!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Loading Screen==
* Paimon's preparing ingredients for you...

==Main Screen==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon loading)
:'''Paimon:''' Click to receive the special ingredients sent by your companions. Please note that you can only accept the ingredients from one character per day~

;(Upon loading after unlocking the wallpapers)
:'''Paimon:''' You can collect the wallpapers now~
{{Dialogue End}}

==Crafting==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Start crafting)
:'''Paimon:''' Put some ingredients into the cauldron and see what happens!

;(After adding the potion crafting materials, if the base has not been added yet)
:'''Paimon:''' We've already put in the ingredients. Now let's choose a base to add!

;(After adding all three ingredients)
:'''Paimon:''' We've got to use a lot of strength to get all the ingredients mixed up together! Paimon's got nothing to back herself up, but Paimon thinks that's definitely the case!

;(After stirring the ingredients)
:'''Paimon:''' Turn up the heat now! Paimon's curious how it'll change when it gets really hot!

;(After moving the bellows)
:'''Paimon:''' Potion obtained!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Cyno (Cyno's Wind-Resistant Sunscreen version)==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Cyno)
:'''Cyno:''' If you're talking about a "must-have for the home or the road" potion, then it's true that the matra often have to travel between the rainforest and the desert. While I am not perturbed by sand or sun, many of my fellow matra often feel dizzy or other slight discomforts.
:'''Cyno:''' To a matra, such discomfort is, of course, easily manageable. But out of concern for my coworkers, I once offered to tell a joke to reduce their sweating and headaches. Unfortunately, upon hearing my suggestion, their headaches seemed to become worse.

:Obtained the Potion Crafting Materials sent by Cyno!
:A high-quality Sand Grease Pupa brought out of the desert by Cyno. Gathering quality ingredients is the first step in making a successful potion!

;(Talk to Cyno again)
:'''Cyno:''' If you have any questions related to potions, feel free to come and ask me. I promise I will answer to the best of my ability.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Cyno (Energy Booster: Endorsed by the General Mahamatra version)==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Cyno)
:'''Cyno:''' Many researchers in the Akademiya had the experience of being so exhausted to the point of falling ill due to their academic pressure. And matra pursuing criminals in the desert also require sufficient energy to execute their tasks.
:'''Cyno:''' As for me, whether at the Akademiya or after becoming a matra, I never had any of those issues.

:Obtained the Potion Crafting Materials sent by Cyno!
:A Nilotpala Lotus exuding distilled moonlight and a phosphorescent Luminescent Spine. Using the unique characteristics of these ingredients will create a potion as beautiful as it is useful.

;(Talk to Cyno again)
:'''Cyno:''' If you have any questions related to potions, feel free to come and ask me. I promise I will answer to the best of my ability.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Nahida (Nahida's Vivifying Forest Essence version)==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Nahida)
:'''Nahida:''' Paimon told me you are looking for potions that are "must-haves for the home or the road." But I don't have much experience traveling... You must've learned so much more on your travels than I have by observing from the Sanctuary of Surasthana.
:'''Nahida:''' But I can share my knowledge of ingredients with you. For example, the materials that frogs excrete from their skin can replenish your energy. You can take advantage of this special property to make interesting potions.
:'''Nahida:''' I'm quite curious about what kind of incredible potions someone as experienced as you will create, hehe.

:Obtained the Potion Crafting Materials sent by Nahida!
:Frogs can excrete secretions from their bodies that can replenish your energy. You can take advantage of this special property to make interesting potions.

;(Talk to Nahida again)
:'''Nahida:''' Hmmm... for the home or the road... Maybe I can be like the Traveler, explore more, and see the outside world for myself.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Nahida (Nahida's Cooling Waterproofer version)==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Nahida)
:'''Nahida:''' The climate of the desert means the sun's glare makes people dizzy during the day, but the desert dwellers also feel like the rainforest is too humid. If there was a potion that could make people more resistant to heat, but could also reduce the detrimental effects humidity has on items, that should meet your requirements of a "must-have for the home or the road."
:'''Nahida:''' Given that you have many friends in Sumeru, could I entrust the task to you and Paimon then?

:Obtained the Potion Crafting Materials sent by Nahida!
:The bright color of the Henna Berry shines like a flame. Use its special qualities to make potions that are practical and useful.

;(Talk to Nahida again)
:'''Nahida:''' Hmmm... for the home or the road... Maybe I can be like the Traveler, explore more, and see the outside world for myself.
{{Dialogue End}}