{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70701
|image         = Glory Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|characters    = Glory; Traveler
|rep           = Mondstadt
|mora          = 20,000
}}
'''''Glory's Wish''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
# Give three sets of [[Dandelion Seed]]s to [[Glory]]

==Request Details==
Help Needed:

[[Godwin]] hasn't written me any letters in a long time... Has something happened to him, by any chance? Or maybe he's met some pretty female knight in the meantime? Whatever the case, I'm very worried about him.

They say that dandelions can carry your wishes far away, but up till now, I've been asking other adventurers to help me scatter them... I'm not sure that's sincere enough. As such, I'm going to do it myself this time around.

If any adventurer is willing to help me out, please collect <span style="color:#56a7cd;">'''three sets of Dandelion Seeds'''</span> for me. I'll wait for you in the city.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Glory]] from [[Mondstadt]] needs three sets of [[Dandelion Seed]]s.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Glory)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, I hear you need dandelions...
:'''Glory:''' Ah, did you come over to help after seeing my request? Thank you so much...
:'''Glory:''' Have you brought the Dandelion Seeds.<!--should be question mark MHY. smh-->
:{{DIcon}} Here they are.
::'''Glory:''' Please put them in my hand... Thank you.
:;(After giving the Dandelion Seeds)
::'''Glory:''' Yes, these are Dandelion Seeds, indeed. Thank you very much.
::'''Glory:''' Ah, yes. I have a small gift for you. Please take it.
::'''Glory:''' May my wishes travel well with the wind...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Glory:''' It's fine. Once you have them, please give them to me as soon as you can.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Glory's Wish
|zhs     = 葛罗丽的心愿
|zhs_rm  = Géluōlì de Xīnyuàn
|zht     = 葛蘿麗的心願
|zht_rm  = Géluōlì de Xīnyuàn
|zh_tl   = Glory's Wish
|ja      = グローリーの願い
|ja_rm   = Guroorii no Negai
|ja_tl   = Glory's Wish
|ko      = 글로리의 소원
|ko_rm   = Geullori-ui Sowon
|ko_tl   = Glory's Wish
|es      = La petición de Glory
|es_tl   = Glory's Petition
|fr      = Le vœu de Gloria
|fr_tl   = Gloria's Wish
|ru      = Заветное желание Глории
|ru_tl   = Glory's Hidden Wish
|th      = ความปรารถนาของ Glory
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tâm nguyện của Glory
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Glorys Wunsch
|de_tl   = Glory's Wish
|id      = Permohonan Glory
|id_tl   = Glory's Wish
|pt      = Desejo de Glory
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Glory'nin Dileği
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il desiderio di Glory
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[es:La petición de Glory]]
[[fr:Le vœu de Gloria]]
[[pt-br:Desejo de Glory]]