{{Community}}
Below you'll find a list of terminology, abbreviations and similar, as commonly used by the ''[[Genshin Impact]]'' community, used to simplify and facilitate rapid communication when discussing gameplay.

Please contribute to the page by adding more terms and definitions alphabetically.

These terms are mostly used in the English language. Most of these terms, especially abbreviations, are not explicitly case-sensitive, but nevertheless are listed in the case most commonly found.

'''''Use Ctrl+F (find) to search up particular terms'''''
__NOTOC__
Contents: [[##|#]] [[#A|A]] [[#B|B]] [[#C|C]] [[#D|D]] [[#E|E]] [[#F|F]] [[#G|G]] [[#H|H]] [[#I|I]] [[#J|J]] [[#K|K]] [[#L|L]] [[#M|M]] [[#N|N]] [[#O|O]] [[#P|P]] [[#Q|Q]] [[#R|R]] [[#S|S]] [[#T|T]] [[#U|U]] [[#V|V]] [[#W|W]] [[#X|X]] [[#Y|Y]] [[#Z|Z]]

==#==
* '''1.1''', '''1.2''', etc. &mdash; Referring to the game's [[Version]] 1.1, 1.2,... update.
* '''1-1''', '''1-2''', '''1-3''',... '''12-1''' etc. (or '''12-1-1''', '''12-1-2''', etc.) &mdash; Refers to a specific part of the [[Spiral Abyss]]. Notation: Floor-Chamber or Floor-Chamber-Half.
* '''1 Piece''', '''2 Piece''', '''4 Piece''' (or '''1PC''', '''2PC''', '''4PC''') &mdash; The number of [[Artifacts]] of the same [[Artifact Set]] on a [[Character]].
* '''1618''' &mdash; A [[R|Reverse]] [[Melt]] team composed of [[Kaeya]], [[Rosaria]], [[Xiangling]], and [[Bennett]]. The name was coined due to an editing error in YouTuber Zy0x's Bennett guide at the 16:18 video mark and has turned into a [https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/losslikes Losslike] meme in certain circles.
* '''1U''', '''2U''', etc. (or '''Gauge Units'''/'''GU''') &mdash; The strength of an elemental application, measured in units (U), of an ability. The strength of elemental application of the aura and trigger elements affect the amount of elemental reactions that can be triggered before the elemental aura is depleted. See [[Elemental Gauge Theory]].
* '''50-50''' (or '''50/50''') &mdash; The 50 percent chance of getting a Rate Up 5-Star Character in [[Wishes]] due to not having any Wishes spent or getting a Rate Up Character as the previous 5-Star Wish.
* '''90''' &mdash; To [[Character#Ascensions|ascend]] and level a character to Lv. 90.
* '''[stat] / [stat] / [stat] &mdash;''' The list of stats you should be using on your (in order from left to right) '''[[Sands of Eon]], [[Goblet of Eonothem]],''' and '''[[Circlet of Logos]].''' The '''[[Flower of Life]]''' and '''[[Plume of Death]]''' are not included since they will always be flat HP and flat ATK.

==A==
* '''A0''', '''A1''', '''A2''', etc. &mdash; The [[Character#Ascensions|Ascension Phase]] of a [[Character]] (i.e., "A5 Amber" refers to Amber with Ascension level 5). '''A1''' and '''A4''' may also refer to the [[Passive Talent]] unlocked on said Ascension.
* '''AARR''', '''AAARR''', '''AARAR''', etc. (or '''Aim Cancel''', '''Aimed R-Cancel Charged Shot''', '''ARCC''') &mdash; Refers to a specific attack sequence and [[#C|animation cancel]] that can be used by a bow character. Each "A" represents one attack in the [[#A|Auto Attack]] or [[Normal Attack]] animation string while each "R" represents pressing Aiming Mode ("R" is the default key binding for Aiming Mode on PC). AARR is an attack sequence involving 2 Normal Attacks followed by quickly entering and exiting Aiming Mode to cancel the attack animation before repeating.
* '''Abilities''' &mdash; Another term for "[[Talents]]."
* '''ADC''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[ATK]]/[[DMG Bonus]]/[[CRIT]], a common main stat selection for [[Artifact]]s.
* '''AEP'''/'''ARXP'''/'''AXP''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Adventure EXP|Adventure Experience]].
* '''Affix''' (or '''Affixes''', '''Minor Affix''') &mdash; The official term for stats and substats on Artifacts and [[Weapons]].
* '''AFK''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Away from Keyboard."
* '''Aggro''' &mdash; Usually refers to [[Aggravation|aggravating]] an enemy. In [[Genius Invokation TCG]], it also describes a deck consisting in maximizing damage output throughout the rounds.
* '''Air Fryer''' &mdash; A [[Burning]] team consisting of an [[Anemo]], [[Pyro]], and [[Dendro]] character. Its effectiveness is often considered questionable. The name refers to the kitchen appliance, with "Air" representing Anemo and "Fryer" representing the Burning reaction.
* '''AoE''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "[[Area of Effect]]."
* '''AP''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Archaic Petra]].
* '''Apologems''' &mdash; Portmanteau of "Apology" and "gems." A general term referring to [[Primogems|premium currencies]] distributed as compensation for issues and bugs by a [[HoYoverse|game company]].
* '''Aqua''' &mdash; Shortened form of the [[Bow]] weapon [[Aqua Simulacra]].
* '''AR''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Adventure Rank]].
* '''ASIMON''' &mdash; Acronym for the [[Algorithm of Semi-Intransient Matrix of Overseer Network]] [[Normal Boss]].
* '''ATK''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the "[[Attack]]" attribute.
* '''Aura''' &mdash; Either refers to Enemy [[Aura]]s or to an element present on an enemy or character (the first element used in an [[Elemental Reaction]]). An '''Aura Character''' is a character that consistently applies their element to an enemy first. '''Coexisting'''/'''Underlaying''' auras refers to having multiple existing aura on the same enemy or character.
* '''Auto Attack''' (or '''AA''') &mdash; The [[Normal Attack]] of Characters.

==B==
* '''Back-load''' &mdash; Refers to doing something that either ramps up over time or happens at or towards the end of a rotation, a character's field time, or activation of a [[Talent]]. For example, [[Eula]]'s Lightfall Sword exploding seven seconds after casting [[Glacial Illumination]], the [[DMG Bonus]] from [[Yelan]]'s [[Adapt With Ease]] ramping up over time and being the highest at the end of [[Depth-Clarion Dice]]'s duration, or the healing from [[Xingqiu]]'s [[Hydropathic]] only occurring after [[Guhua Sword: Raincutter]] expires.
* '''Bain-marie''' &mdash; A team consisting of a [[Pyro]], [[Hydro]], [[Dendro]], and [[Cryo]] character with specific rates of Elemental Application enabling the Cyro and Hydro character to respectively trigger [[Melt]] and [[Vaporize]] with a [[Burning]] [[Aura]], while the Hydro character is still able to trigger [[Bloom]], allowing the Pyro character to trigger [[Burgeon]]. The name "Baine-marie" refers to the piece of equipment, also known as a double boiler, which is often used to melt ingredients for cooking.
* '''Banner''' &mdash; Another term for [[Wishes]] (e.g., the "Venti Banner" refers to the [[Ballad in Goblets]] Character Event Wish).
* '''Basic Attack''' &mdash; The [[Normal Attack]] of Characters.
* '''Battery''' &mdash; A [[character]] whose purpose on the team is to generate [[Energy]] for other characters.
* '''Best in Slot''' (or '''BiS''') &mdash; A [[Weapon]] or [[Artifact]] that performs the best for a character.
* '''Bleeding''' &mdash; Refers to a debuff characterized by a continuous loss of HP, such as [[Corrosion]].
* '''BoL''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Bond of Life]].
* '''Bonk'''/'''Bonking''' &mdash; Refers to the [[Plunging Attack#Types of Plunging Attack DMG|Plunge Attack DMG]] that can be dealt while falling in mid-air. Not to be confused with the Plunge DMG from the landing Low/High Plunges.
* '''Booking''' (or '''Book Trick''') &mdash; The usage of in-game menus during combat to either cancel the time limit for [[Claymore]] [[Charged Attack]]s or allow the active character to collect [[Energy]] in shorter in-game timespan since Energy particles and orbs do not pause along with the menu. 
* '''Bot''' &mdash; When used after a skill or ability name, it means primarily using a character for said ability. For example, a "[[#S|Shieldbot]]" refers to supports used mainly for their shields, and an "[[#U|Ult]] Bot" refers to Burst Supports.
* '''BP''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "[[Battle Pass]]."
* '''BS''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Blizzard Strayer]] or [[Sword]] weapon [[The Black Sword]].
* '''BSC''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Bloodstained Chivalry]].
* '''Buff''' &mdash; A positive effect (or the ability that produces it).
* '''Buffer''' &mdash; The act of adding an input before the current action has ended in order to queue up the next action to perform as early as possible; often used in context of [[Normal Attack]]s. It can also refer to characters that can provide a positive effect. 
* '''Build''' &mdash; A specific combination of a Weapon and Artifacts equipped on a character. May also include [[#T|talent priority]].
* '''Burnmelt''' &mdash;  A portmanteau of the reactions [[Burning]] and [[Melt]], which refers to use of the Burning Aura in order to [[#R|Reverse Melt]] [[Cryo]]. Can also refer to a team composition that uses this combination of reactions to deal damage such as [[Ganyu]], [[Bennett]], [[Dehya]], and [[Nahida]].
* '''Burst''' &mdash; Shortened form of [[Elemental Burst]].
* '''Burst Support''' &mdash; Refers to characters in the team whose main function is dealing damage through their Elemental Burst.

==C==
* '''C0''', '''C1''', '''C2''', '''C3''', '''C4''', '''C5''', '''C6''' &mdash; The [[Constellations]] of a character, often to refer to how many constellations a character has.
* '''C6R5''' &mdash; A character (typically a 5-Star character) with six Constellations, equipped with a weapon (typically a 5-Star weapon) whose Refinement rank is at 5 (see [[#R|R1, R2, ...]]). The absolute peak of a character's power, usually requiring significant money expenditure to achieve.
* '''CA''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "[[Charged Attack]]."
* '''Cancel''' or '''Animation Cancel''' &mdash; Ending a skill's or attack sequence's animation early by starting a different animation in the middle of the previous animation. The most common cancels are Jump Cancels and [[Dash]] Cancels which are performed by Jumping or Dashing to skip any remaining animation frames after damage is already dealt.
* '''Capped''' &mdash; The state of the [[Original Resin]] counter being at the natural recharge limit.
* '''Carry''' &mdash; One or more party members who contribute significantly to the party. The most common types of carrying are through dealing the most damage or healing party members. In the theorycrafting community, Carry has a varying definition referring to specifically damage dealers. It can contextually mean a damage dealer that requires field time, [[#H|Hypercarries]], or simply just a character with a significant damage contribution.
* '''CBT''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Closed Beta Test," referring to the beta tests of the game in the past prior to its global release. [[Version 0.0.1]], [[Version 0.7.1]] and [[Version 0.9.9]] are the three closed beta tests.
* '''CC''' &mdash; Abbreviation of either "[[Crowd Control]]" or the "[[CRIT Rate]]" or "Critical Chance" attribute, depending on the context.
* '''CD''' &mdash; Abbreviation of either "[[Cooldown]]" or the "[[CRIT DMG]]" or "Critical Damage" attribute, depending on the context.
* '''CDMG''' &mdash; Abbreviation of Crit DMG or "Critical Damage" attribute.
* '''Cinder City''' &mdash; Shortened form of the [[Artifact/Sets|Artifact Set]] [[Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City]].
* '''Circle Impact''' &mdash; Refers to the strategic limitations that certain Character [[Talent]]s impose on the player due to only applying their effects inside a restrictive and often circular area which does not move with the active Character. Such Talents require players to carefully position characters and/or enemies to make the most of their effects. Examples include [[Bennett]]'s [[Fantastic Voyage]], [[Rosaria]]'s [[Rites of Termination]], and [[Diona]]'s [[Signature Mix]].
* '''Circlet''' &mdash; Shortened form for the [[Circlet of Logos]] [[Artifact]] piece.
* '''Cleanse''' &mdash; Removing the imbued elements or [[Ley Line Disorders]] by intentionally causing elemental reactions on the character.
* '''Collision Cancel''' &mdash; An animation cancel that utilizes colliding into an object during a jump cancel in order to land faster.
* '''Comp''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Team Composition," which refers to a particular combination of characters used in a team.
* '''Cons''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Constellation]].
* '''Core''' &mdash; Contextually refers to either a key group of characters who work well together and are central to a team's synergy, or to [[Dendro Core]]s and [[Bountiful Core]]s.
* '''Cost''' (or '''Cost system''') &mdash; A system that measures team investment by tallying the number of limited 5-star [[Character]]s, [[Constellation]]s, and [[Weapon]]s, each being worth 1 cost. For example, a team consisting of a C6 [[Xingqiu]] with an R1 [[Favonius Sword]], a C1 [[Bennett]] with an R1 [[Skyward Blade]], a C4 [[Xiangling]] with an R5 [["The Catch"]], and a C0 [[Jean]] with an R5 [[Sacrificial Sword]] would be a 0-cost team due to having 0 limited 5-stars, while the same team but with Xiangling's "The Catch" replaced with an R1 [[Staff of the Scarlet Sands]] and swapping Jean for a C2 [[Kazuha]] would make it a 4-cost team. This is not to be confused with Energy Cost for [[Elemental Bursts]].
* '''CR''' or '''CRate''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "CRIT Rate" attribute.
* '''Crit Fishing''' &mdash; The practice of using extremely low CRIT Rate (in order to use higher damage stats such as CRIT DMG) and taking multiple attempts to achieve a run where all or most attacks crit.
* '''Crit Value''' (or '''CV''') &mdash; A way of quantifying the amount of investment into total CRIT on a character or artifact. <math>\text{CV} = \text{CRIT DMG} + 2 \times \text{CRIT Rate}</math>. On a single artifact, a crit value of 20-30 is considered decent, 30-40 is considered very good, and 40 or more is considered excellent. Not to be confused with [[Character Voices]].
* '''Crown''' &mdash; Either [[Crown of Insight]] in context of an item or [[Talent]] level, or [[Circlet of Logos]] in context of artifacts.
* '''Crowning''' &mdash; Spending a [[Crown of Insight]] to level a character's combat [[Talents]] ([[Normal Attack]], [[Elemental Skill]], or [[Elemental Burst]]) to their final base rank (Lv. 10, not including levels from [[Constellations]]).
* '''Cup''' &mdash; Another term for the [[Goblet of Eonothem]] Artifact piece.
* '''Curry''' &mdash; A team that utilizes both the [[Hyperbloom]] and [[Burgeon]] reaction. Composed of a [[Dendro]], [[Hydro]], [[Electro]], and [[Pyro]] character. The name refers to adding Dendro, the so-called Vegetables, to [[#S|Soup]] to create "Curry."
* '''CWoF'''/'''CWF'''/'''CW''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Crimson Witch of Flames]].
* '''CY''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Chongyun]].

==D==
* '''Dailies''' &mdash; The four [[Daily Commissions]]. Some players also include the [[Battle Pass#Daily Missions|daily Battle Pass missions]] when using this term.
* '''DB'''/'''DBane''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Polearm]] weapon [[Dragon's Bane]].
* '''DD''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Damage Dealer."
* '''Debuff''' &mdash; A negative effect (or the ability that produces it).
* '''DEF''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "[[Defense]]" attribute.
* '''Defense Shred''' (or '''DEF Shred''') &mdash; Decreasing the [[Defense]] of enemies.
* '''DM''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Polearm]] weapon [[Deathmatch]] or the Artifact set [[Deepwood Memories]].
* '''Dolphin''' &mdash; A player who spends moderate amounts of money on the game.
* '''Donut''' &mdash; Refers to the [[Catalyst]] weapons [[Everlasting Moonglow]] and [[Jadefall's Splendor]].
* '''DoT''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Damage over Time."
* '''Downtime''' &mdash; The period of a cooldown during which an [[Elemental Skill]], [[Elemental Burst]], or other effect becomes inactive; compare with [[#U|uptime]]. The term may also be used to refer to a server maintenance period (typically [[Version#Maintenance|between Version updates]]).
* '''DPC''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Desert Pavilion Chronicle]].
* '''DPR''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Damage per [[#R|Rotation]]."
* '''DPS''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Damage per Second." Typically used to refer to any character who serves as the party's main damage dealer, but also may be used to refer to the party's general damage output. In the community, is sometimes jokingly abbreviated as "Damage per Screenshot" in situations where one tries to display high damage numbers through [[#C|Crit Fishing]].
* '''Dragonstrike'''/'''Dougragon Strike'''/'''Dougstrike''' &mdash; Using [[Hitlag]] to boost jumping height, allowing melee characters to perform [[Plunging Attack]]s regardless of terrain.
* '''Driver''' &mdash; A character that is used on-field to constantly trigger other characters' off-field abilities. Drivers often have fast animations, consistent elemental application, or other on-field utility. For example, [[Sucrose]] is a popular driver for [[Beidou]]'s [[Stormbreaker]] in a Sucrose, Beidou, [[Fischl]], and [[Xingqiu]] [[#T|Taser]] team.
* '''Dual scaling''' &mdash; [[Talent]]s that have a multiplier that scales of multiple different stats. For example, Tamoto DMG and Upward Sweep Attack DMG from [[Chiori]]'s [[Fluttering Hasode]] scale off both [[ATK]] and [[DEF]].
* '''Dynamic''' &mdash; The opposite of [[Snapshotting]]. Refers to Talents that aren't [[Snapshotting#Non-Snapshottable|Snapshottable]] and update their effects according to a character's current stats.

==E==
* '''E''' &mdash; Refers to character [[Elemental Skill]]s, after its default key binding on PC. Additionally, '''tE''' refers to the tap Skill and '''hE''' refers to the hold Skill.
* '''EC''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Electro-Charged]] [[Elemental Reaction]].
* '''EDC''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Elemental Mastery]]/[[DMG Bonus]]/[[CRIT]], a common main stat selection for Artifacts.
* '''EGT''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Elemental Gauge Theory]], a community-created framework on how Elements are handled within the game, explaining elemental reactions, auras, and internal cooldowns.
* '''EL''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Polearm]] weapon [[Engulfing Lightning]].
* '''Elites''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "[[Elite Enemies]]" such as [[Eye of the Storm]] and [[Ruin Grader]]s. Not to be confused with "Elite Bosses," a former in-game name for [[Normal Bosses]] such as [[Electro Hypostasis]] and [[Pyro Regisvine]].
* '''EM''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "[[Elemental Mastery]]" attribute.
* '''Enabler''' &mdash; Typically used to refer to a character that can allow a different character to deal more damage, usually through the application of an [[#A|Aura]] element. For example, the term "enabler" has been used to describe [[Tartaglia]]'s role in applying [[Hydro]] very quickly, allowing [[Xiangling]]'s [[Pyronado]] to [[Vaporize]] and deal more damage.
* '''EoaO'''/'''Echoes''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Echoes of an Offering]].
* '''EoP''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Catalyst]] weapon [[Eye of Perception]].
* '''EoSF/ESF''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Emblem of Severed Fate]].
* '''ER''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "[[Energy Recharge]]" attribute.
* '''Experience Books''' (or '''EXP Books''', '''XP Books''') &mdash; Refers to the [[:Category:Character EXP Materials|Character EXP Materials]] that can be used to increase a [[Character]]'s level.

==F==
* '''Fav''' &mdash; Shortened form of any weapon from the [[Favonius Series]].
* '''FD''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Sword]] weapon [[Festering Desire]].
* '''Feather''' &mdash; Another term for the [[Plume of Death]] [[Artifact]] piece.
* '''FFXX''' &mdash; A popular team composition whose name is an initialism of its members: [[Faruzan]], [[Furina]], [[Xiao]], and [[Xianyun]]. This team is occasionally called "{{w|Final Fantasy}} 20" as a joke.
* '''FGM''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Bow]] weapon [[The First Great Magic]].
* '''Field Time''' &mdash; Refers to the amount of time necessary for a character to be active.
* '''Fireworks''' &mdash; Another name for the [[Childe]] [[#T|Taser]] team composition. Can also refer to team compositions using [[Yoimiya]] and the [[Overloaded]] reaction.
* '''Flagship Event''' &mdash; The main event during a [[Version]]. See [[Flagship Event]].
* '''Flat Stat''' ('''Flat HP/ATK/DEF''') &mdash; Artifact substats with numerical values instead of percentages. They are generally less desirable than percentage substats.
* '''Flex''' &mdash; Shortened form of '''Flexible''', often refers to slots in certain teams that have multiple viable character options. Can also refer to sharing an impressive feat such as a showcases of luck, high amount of investment on a character, or skillful gameplay.
* '''Flower''' &mdash; Shortened form for the [[Flower of Life]] Artifact piece.
* '''Footstool''' &mdash; Using certain enemy collision boxes to gain altitude in order to perform [[Plunging Attack]]s regardless of terrain.
* '''FoPL''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Flower of Paradise Lost]].
* '''Forward Vape''' or '''Forward Melt''' &mdash; The 2× multiplier version of the [[Vaporize]] reaction (applying [[Hydro]] on [[Pyro]]) or the [[Melt]] reaction (applying Pyro on [[Cryo]]) respectively, as opposed to [[#R|Reverse Vape or Reverse Melt]].
* '''Fragile'''/'''Frag''' &mdash; Shortened form of [[Fragile Resin]].
* '''Free to Play''' (or '''F2P''') &mdash; Refers to players who do not spend real money on the game.
* '''Freemogems''' &mdash; [[Primogem]]s earned through natural progression such as [[Daily Commissions]], [[Quests]], [[Events]], [[Achievements]], and [[Promotional Codes]].
* '''Fridge''' &mdash; The act of applying [[Hydro]] to a target with coexisting [[Cryo]] and [[Dendro]] auras. Due to [[Elemental Gauge Theory/Simultaneous Reaction Priority|reaction priorities]], [[Frozen]] will be triggered first, which will consume the majority of the Hydro trigger. [[Bloom]] will then be triggered, and due to the reduced Hydro gauge, the Dendro aura will be consumed minimally. This allows for more instances of Bloom to be triggered using the same Dendro aura. The name "fridge" comes from the analogy of refrigerating vegetables to keep them fresh for longer.
* '''FRIKEE''' &mdash; Acronym for the [[Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering]] or the [[Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region|region]] named after it.
* '''Front-load''' &mdash; Refers to doing the majority of something early, often in large bursts, either at the onset of a rotation, character's field time, or activation of a [[Talent]]. For example, using [[Tartaglia]]'s [[Havoc: Obliteration]] right after he becomes the active character, the effects of [[Arlecchino]]'s [[Invitation to a Beheading|Masque of the Red Death]] being the strongest at the start but diminishes over time, or [[Instructor]]'s 4-pc effect only affecting the beginning of character's field time but expires midway.
* '''FS''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Sword]] weapon [[Freedom-Sworn]].
* '''Funerational''' &mdash; A more unconventional variant of [[#N|National]] that doesn't incorporate [[Bennett]] and, instead, is composed of [[Hu Tao]], [[Xiangling]], [[Xingqiu]], and [[Yelan]].
* '''Funnel'''/'''Funneling''' &mdash; Refers to using one character to generate [[Energy]] particles, then swapping to another character to in order to fill their [[Elemental Burst]] faster.

==G==
* '''GAA''' &mdash; Acronym referring to the [[Golden Apple Archipelago]] region.
* '''Gacha''' &mdash; Refers to games that exchange in-game currency for random virtual items, with an option to purchase the in-game currency with real-world money. In ''Genshin Impact'', [[Wishes]] are the gacha mechanic, spending [[Acquaint Fate]]s, [[Intertwined Fate]]s, or [[Primogems]] to obtain characters and weapons.
* '''GD'''/'''Gilded''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Gilded Dreams]].
* '''Gear''' &mdash; Refers to [[Artifacts]] equipped on [[Characters]], may include [[Weapons]].
* '''Gems''' &mdash; Abbreviation for [[Primogems]]. Can also refer to [[Character Ascension Material]]s, also called '''Gemstones''' in this context.
* '''Geo Bros''' &mdash; The combination of [[Zhongli]] and [[Albedo]] in a team. Often referenced in relation to [[Hu Tao]] teams.
* '''Glad''' &mdash; Shortened form of the Artifact set [[Gladiator's Finale]].
* '''Gob/Goblet''' &mdash; Shortened form for the [[Goblet of Eonothem]] Artifact piece.
* '''Goldfish''' &mdash; Refers to players who spend a little bit of money on the game, usually means only [[Blessing of the Welkin Moon]], [[Battle Pass]] Gnostic Hymn, and very rarely on [[Wishes]].
* '''GT''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Golden Troupe]].
* '''Guarantee''' &mdash; Certainty of obtaining the Rate Up Character in [[Wishes]] due to having lost the [[##|50/50]] before.
* '''Guoba Swirl''' &mdash; The use of [[Sucrose]]'s [[Astable Anemohypostasis Creation - 6308]] or [[Faruzan]]'s [[Wind Realm of Nasamjnin|Pressurized Collapse]] to [[Swirl]] [[Guoba Attack|Guoba]]'s self-applying [[Pyro]].

==H==
* '''Hard Pity''' &mdash; The phenomenon of having a guaranteed 5-Star on the 90th [[Wish]] on the [[Wanderlust Invocation]] and [[Wishes#Character Event Wishes|Character Event Wish]], or on the 80th Wish on the [[Wishes#Weapon Event Wishes|Weapon Event Wish]].
* '''Hat''' or '''Headpiece''' &mdash; Another term for the [[Circlet of Logos]] [[Artifact]] piece.
* '''Healer''' &mdash; Refers to a character whose talents can regenerate HP.
* '''HGF''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Sword]] weapon [[Haran Geppaku Futsu]].
* '''Hitbox''' &mdash; The area that, when an attack successfully crosses, deals damage to enemies and/or players as well as apply status effects.
* '''Hitlag''' &mdash; Additional frozen frames added to a character's attack animation when melee attacks hit an enemy or object. The character is momentarily paused for a few frames depending on the type of enemy or object to give the player the impression of weight behind their attacks.
* '''HoD''' &mdash; Abbreviation of either the Artifact set [[Heart of Depth]] or the [[Sword]] weapon [[Harbinger of Dawn]].
* '''HoOD'''/'''Husk''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Husk of Opulent Dreams]].
* '''Hourglass''' &mdash; Another term for the [[Sands of Eon]] Artifact piece.
* '''HP''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Health Points," "Hit Points," or "[[Health]]."
* '''HT''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Hu Tao]].
* '''Hypercarry''' &mdash; A team archetype that focuses on using teammates to help a single character, known as the Hypercarry, deal the overwhelming majority of the team's damage. For example, [[Xiao]], the Hypercarry, in a team with [[Bennett]] (increases Xiao's [[ATK]]), [[Faruzan]] (reduces enemies' [[RES/Anemo|Anemo resistance]], increases the team's [[DMG Bonus/Anemo|Anemo DMG]], and generates Anemo particles), and [[Zhongli]] (reduces enemies' [[RES|resistances]] and improves Xiao's survivability).
* '''Hyperfridge''' &mdash; A team that utilizes the [[#F|Fridge]] interaction to create more [[Dendro Core]]s to [[Hyperbloom]]. Consists of a [[Cryo]], [[Dendro]], [[Hydro]], and [[Electro]] character.

==I==
* '''Ice Bridge'''/'''Ice Bridging''' &mdash; Refers to using a [[Cryo]] Character's elemental application via [[Elemental Infusion|Infused]] [[Normal Attack]]s, [[Elemental Skill]], or [[Elemental Burst]] to freeze and traverse [[water]] by walking on ice. [[Kaeya]]'s Elemental Skill, [[Frostgnaw]], is a popular ability to use for this purpose because of its low cooldown and ability to create relatively long lasting ice. Certain [[Anemo]] abilities such as the [[Traveler]]'s [[Palm Vortex]] (held) can be used to spread existing ice.
* '''Ins''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Instructor]].
* '''Internal Cooldown''' (or '''ICD''') &mdash; A hidden [[Internal Cooldown|cooldown]] of an elemental source before they can reapply elements or trigger an [[Elemental Reaction]] again.
* '''Intergrassional Team''' (also '''Intergrassional''') &mdash; A variation of the International Team that utilizes the [[Burgeon]] reaction. The team consists of [[Tartaglia]], [[Bennett]], a [[Dendro]] character, and, the Burgeon trigger, either [[Xiangling]] or [[Kazuha]].
* '''International Team''' (also '''International''' or '''Childe National''') &mdash; A popular variation of the [[#N|National]] team composition that uses [[Tartaglia]] in place of [[Xingqiu]] and [[Kaedehara Kazuha]] in the fourth slot. Occasionally, [[Sucrose]] would be used in the fourth slot, instead. The team's name refers to how every member is from a different nation.
* '''Invincibility Frame''' (also '''iFrame''' or '''I-Frame''') &mdash; A brief moment of invulnerability caused by certain animations. In ''Genshin Impact'', this typically refers to dodging enemy attacks by sprinting or using a character's Elemental Burst.

==J==

==K==
* '''Kazu''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Kaedehara Kazuha]].
* '''Key''' &mdash; Contextually can refer to [[Shrine of Depths Key]], [[Story Key]], [[Quest Item]] keys or the [[Sword]] weapon [[Key of Khaj-Nisut]]. 
* '''Kit''' &mdash; Refers collectively to a character's [[Talents]].
* '''KQ''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Keqing]].

==L==
* '''LoFi''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Sword]] weapon [[Light of Foliar Incision]].
* '''LoS''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Line of Sight."
* '''Low to Play''' (or '''L2P''') &mdash; Refers to players who spend a little bit of money on the game, usually on [[Blessing of the Welkin Moon]], [[Battle Pass]] Gnostic Hymn, and sometimes on [[Wishes]]. Comparable to [[#G|Goldfish]].
* '''LP''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Catalyst]] weapon [[Lost Prayer to the Sacred Winds]].
* '''LW''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Lavawalker]].
* '''LY''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Lan Yan]].

==M==
* '''Main''' (plural '''Mains''') &mdash; (''noun'') A character that a player chooses to primarily use; (''noun'') A player who chooses to primarily use a particular character; (''verb'') The action of choosing to primarily use a character.
* '''Main DPS''' or '''MDPS''' &mdash; A generic term that tends to refer to the character that does the majority of a team's damage.
* '''Mainstat''' &mdash; The primary stat(s) for [[Weapons]] and Artifacts.
* '''Mats''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "[[Materials]]."
* '''Mav''' &mdash; Shortened form of [[Mavuika]].
* '''MC''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Main Character," the [[Traveler]]. '''AMC'''/'''GMC'''/'''EMC'''/'''DMC'''/'''HMC'''/'''PMC''' are abbreviations referring to [[Traveler]] when they are in their [[Traveler (Anemo)|Anemo]]/[[Traveler (Geo)|Geo]]/[[Traveler (Electro)|Electro]]/[[Traveler (Dendro)|Dendro]]/[[Traveler (Hydro)|Hydro]]/[[Traveler (Pyro)]] forms respectively.
* '''Melusine sword''' &mdash; Refers to the [[Claymore]] weapon [["Ultimate Overlord's Mega Magic Sword"]].
* '''Meme build''' &mdash; The building and use of a character that is considered contrary to the generally accepted usage. Examples include a [[Barbara]] built for damage instead of [[Healing]] or a [[Xiao]] stacked with [[Elemental Mastery]] for [[Swirl]]s instead of an [[#A|ADC]] build.
* '''Metagame''' (or '''Meta''') &mdash; The strategic aspect of a game that transcends the boundaries of conventional gameplay. In ''Genshin Impact'', the ''meta'' involves decisions intended to make combat gameplay more efficient, such as selecting characters preferred for their higher damage outputs, or using certain team compositions of characters with good synergy.
* '''MH''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Marechaussee Hunter]].
* '''MHY''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[miHoYo]], the developers of ''Genshin Impact''.
* '''Microwave''' &mdash; The use of [[Zhongli]] as an off-field DPS by using his [[Dominus Lapidis|Stone Stele]] in combination with [[Traveler (Geo)|Geo Traveler's]] [[Geo Construct|Geo constructs]] to increase the range and the amount of pulses.
* '''Mist''' &mdash; Shortened form of the [[Sword]] weapon [[Mistsplitter Reforged]].
* '''Mob''' &mdash; Shortened form of "Mobile object." Usually refers to enemies.
* '''Mono(-element)''' &mdash; Commonly refers to a team with usually at least three characters of one element that deals the vast majority of its [[#D|DPS]] through raw non-reaction damage of said element. The final slot of the team is often filled with an off-element character that can support the team better than without. Common off-element characters are [[Bennett]], [[Zhongli]], [[Furina]], [[Kazuha]], or other characters that can use [[Viridescent Venerer]].
* '''Moon''' (plural '''Moons''') &mdash; In context of [[Original Resin]], [[Fragile Resin|Fragile]] or [[Transient Resin]] in reference to the item's icons.
* '''Morgana''' &mdash; A team composition comprised of [[Mona]], [[Ganyu]], [[Diona]], and [[Venti]] that utilizes the [[Freeze]] reaction. The name is also a portmanteau of Mona, Ganyu, and Diona.
* '''Motion Value''' (or '''MV''') &mdash; The percentage of a character's stats dealt using an attack (usually found in the attribute scaling section on character [[Talents#Combat Talents|talent]] pages). Motion Value per second (or '''MV/s''') is often used to help calculate character [[#D|DPS]].
* '''Moveset''' &mdash; Refers collectively to a character's Combat [[Talents]].
* '''Multi''' (plural '''Multis/Multies''', also "Multipull," "10 Pull," "10×," etc.) &mdash; Colloquial term for doing 10 [[Wish]]es at once, by spending 10 [[Intertwined Fate]]s, 10 [[Acquaint Fate]]s or 1,600 [[Primogem]]s, as opposed to "[[#S|Singles]]" which are a single Wish at a time.

==N==
* '''N1''', '''N2''', etc. &mdash; The number of [[Normal Attack]]s done in a sequence or attack string.
* '''N1C''', '''N3C''', '''N1CD''', '''N1CJ''','''N1CJP''', etc. (or '''Combat Notation''') &mdash; Refers to a specific attack sequence or [[#C|animation cancel]] that can be used by most characters. "N" represents [[Normal Attack]], "C" represents a [[Charged Attack]], "D" represents a [[Dash]] cancel, a singular "J" represents a [[Jumping|Jump]] cancel, "W" represents a Walk cancel, and "RR", exclusive to bow characters, represents a type of aim cancel. "JP" represents a Jump followed by a [[Plunging Attack]] and is usually reserved for [[Xiao]] or characters under the effects of [[Xianyun]]'s [[Stars Gather at Dusk|Starwicker]] mechanism. Additionally, a number before an attack sequence denotes how many times the sequence should be executed and a number after "N" denotes the number of attacks from a Normal Attack chain. Longer sequences that denote a whole team's rotation may also include: ">", representing swapping characters; "()", representing optional inputs; "#[]", representing repeating a sequence a specific number of times.
* '''NA''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Normal Attack."
* '''National Team''' (or '''National''') &mdash; A team composition comprised primarily of [[Xiangling]], [[Xingqiu]], and [[Bennett]]. The  '''Standard National''' team is often agreed to include either [[Sucrose]] or [[Kazuha]], and the '''Original National''' team from when it was first conceived includes [[Chongyun]]. There are many variations of this team depending either on the [[#F|Flex]] slot or the [[Hydro]] character replacing Xingqiu's slot. Variations will often be referred as "(Flex character) National," or with a name ending with "-ional" such as "[[#R|Rational]]" or "[[#I|International]]."
* '''ND'''/'''Nymph's''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Nymph's Dream]].
* '''Nerf''' &mdash; A character, weapon, or item having its effectiveness at a task reduced due to a change from the developers.
* '''NS''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Nightsoul]].
* '''NO''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Noblesse Oblige]].
* '''NPC''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "[[NPC|Non-player character]]" or "Non-playable character."
* '''Nuke''' &mdash; Refers to dealing a large amount of damage in a short time, especially in one hit.
* '''Nuker''' &mdash; Refers to a character that deals a large amount of damage in a short time, especially in one hit.
* '''NW''' (or '''Nighttime'''/'''Whispers''') &mdash; Abbreviations of the Artifact set [[Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods]].

==O==
* '''Off-field Character''' &mdash; Refers to characters that are in the party but not on the field.
* '''Off-field DPS''' &mdash; Refers to characters that deal damage while off-field.
* '''Off-piece''' &mdash; An [[artifact]] that does not match the [[Artifact Set]] in use, but is still equipped due to it having better affixes than the previous counterpart, namely because the minimum requirement for the preferred artifact set bonus has already been fulfilled.
* '''OHC''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Ocean-Hued Clam]].
* '''OL''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Overloaded]] [[Elemental Reaction]].
* '''One Rotate''' &mdash; Defeating an enemy or clearing a [[Spiral Abyss]] floor/[[Imaginarium Theater]] Battle Events in one [[#R|Rotation]].
* '''OTK''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "one turn kill." In [[Genius Invokation TCG]], it describes strategy to defeat opponents in one turn.
* '''Overcap''' &mdash; The state of the [[Original Resin]] counter exceeding the natural recharge limit. Also refers to exceeding 100% of the [[CRIT Rate]] stat.
* '''Overvape''' &mdash; A portmanteau of the reactions [[Overloaded]] and [[Vaporize]] referring to the triggering of both reactions simultaneously by applying [[Pyro]] on a target affected by both a [[Hydro]] and an [[Electro]] aura ([[Electro-Charged]]). Can also refer to a team composition that uses this combination of reactions to deal damage, such as Raiden [[#N|National]] ([[Raiden Shogun]], [[Xiangling]], [[Xingqiu]], and [[Bennett]]).
* '''Oven''' &mdash; A team that utilizes the [[#F|Fridge]] interaction to create more [[Bloom|Dendro Cores]] to [[Burgeon]]. Consists of a [[Cryo]], [[Dendro]], [[Hydro]], and [[Pyro]] character. The name stems from describing an Oven as a "hot Fridge."
* '''Overworld''' &mdash; The {{w|overworld}} includes all areas accessible via the [[map]], including [[Teyvat]], the [[Serenitea Pot]], and limited-time areas such as the [[Golden Apple Archipelago]].

==P==
* '''Paddle''' &mdash; Refers to either the [[Polearm]] weapon [[Staff of the Scarlet Sands]], [[Sword]] weapon [[Key of Khaj-Nisut]], or [[Claymore]] weapon [[Beacon of the Reed Sea]]. The name is used to describe the blocky shape of the weapons.
* '''Paramita Papilio Slide''' (or '''PP Slide''') &mdash; The extension of [[Hu Tao]]'s [[Paramita Papilio]] state through use of her [[Charged Attack]] due to the state not being able expire during her [[#C|CA]]. Often utilized to prolong the state enough to cast [[Spirit Soother]] as late as possible while still allowing it to benefit from Paramita Papilio's [[ATK]] bonus. This is separate from [[Hitlag#Hitlag Extension|Hitlag Extension]].
* '''Pay to Play''' (or '''P2P''') &mdash; Refers to players who spend a lot of money on the game, usually means getting multiple [[Constellations]] for [[Characters]] and [[Weapon#Refining|Refinements]] for [[Weapons]] through [[Wishes]], buying the [[Bundles]] in the [[Gift Shop]], and spending [[Primogems]] on [[Original Resin]] Replenishes.
* '''Pay to Win''' (or '''P2W''') &mdash; The idea of a game where the player can only achieve significant success by spending money. Typically used derogatorily to comment on a game's monetization system(s).
* '''PC''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Player character" or [[Playable Character]].
* '''Permafreeze''' &mdash; A team that's centered around the [[Frozen]] reaction in order to capitalize on [[Blizzard Strayer]]'s 4-piece set bonus.
* '''PF''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Pale Flame]].
* '''PG''' &mdash; Shortened form of Primogems.
* '''PHEC''' (or '''PECH''') &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Pyro]], [[Hydro]], [[Electro]], and [[Cryo]]. PHEC is abbreviated in order of standard [[Elemental Absorption]] priority. Often used in relation to [[Elemental Reaction]]s shared by said four elements such as [[Swirl]] and [[Crystallize]] or character [[Talent]]s that involves them such as [[Navia]]'s [[Mutual Assistance Network]].
* '''Pipe''' &mdash; Refers to the [[Sword]] weapon [[Fleuve Cendre Ferryman]].
* '''Pity''' &mdash; The counter for Wishes that guarantees a 4-Star or 5-Star after a given amount. See [[#S|soft pity]] and [[#H|hard pity]].
* '''PJC''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Sword]] weapon [[Primordial Jade Cutter]].
* '''PJWS''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Polearm]] weapon [[Primordial Jade Winged-Spear]].
* '''Player versus Environment''' or '''PvE''' (also '''Player versus Mobs/Monsters''' or '''PvM''') &mdash; Gameplay that involves the player(s) competing against computer-controlled opponents (AI); characteristic of single player games, or multiplayer games wherein players cannot directly attack each other (such as ''Genshin Impact''). This is contrasted with "Player versus Player" (or PvP), in which human players compete against each other, often in a combat-oriented setting.
* '''Plume''' &mdash; Shortened form for the [[Plume of Death]] [[Artifact]] piece.
* '''PMA''' &mdash; Acronym for the [[Perpetual Mechanical Array]] [[Normal Boss]].
* '''Primos''' &mdash; Shortened form of Primogems.
* '''Proc''' &mdash; To activate or trigger an effect such as a buff or debuff.
* '''Prototypes''' &mdash; Either refers to the [[Billet]]s used in forging weapons, as before Version 1.3, they were called Prototypes, or refers to weapons from the [[Prototype Series]].
* '''PS''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Bow]] weapon [[Polar Star]].
* '''Pulls''' &mdash; Wishing on a Wish or the number of Wishes saved up in Primogems, [[Acquaint Fate]]s, or [[Intertwined Fate]]s.
* '''Pure Pyro''' &mdash; Another term for [[#M|Mono]] [[Pyro]].

==Q==
* '''Q''' &mdash; Refers to [[Elemental Burst]]s, named after its default key binding on PC.
* '''QoL''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Quality of Life." Improvements to the player's experience in terms of convenience, comfort, and accessibility with little or no significant impact to the regular gameplay difficulty or to a character's combat performance.
* '''Quadratic Scaling''' &mdash; Refers to damage that scales exponentially with the number of enemies. For example, assuming <math>n = \text{Number Of Enemies}</math>, there will be <math>n + n(n-1) = n^2</math> number of damage instances for each attack. The formula for total damage will be <math>\text{BaseDamage} \times n^2 = \text{Total Damage}</math>. Currently, the only true example of Quadratic Scaling is [[Tartaglia]]'s Riptide mechanic; some other character's talents like [[Albedo]]'s [[Rite of Progeniture: Tectonic Tide]], [[Ganyu]]'s [[Celestial Shower]], and [[Kamisato Ayato]]'s [[Kamisato Art: Suiyuu]] and the [[Swirl]] reaction all have '''Pseudo-Quadratic Scaling''' which means they have a maximum capacity on the number of enemies they can scale off of.
* '''Quickbloom''' &mdash; A portmanteau of the reactions [[Catalyze|Quicken]] and [[Hyperbloom]]. Refers to either using a character with lower amounts of [[Hydro]] application, or using a [[Dendro]] aura to underlay a Quicken aura in order to have higher Quicken uptime while simultaneously creating [[Dendro Core]]s to Hyperbloom. Can also refer to a team composition that uses this combination of reactions to deal damage, such as [[Cyno]], [[Fischl]], [[Nahida]], and [[Barbara]].
* '''Quickswap''' &mdash; Refers to a team composition or playstyle in which each character only stays on-field for a brief period of time, usually just to cast [[Elemental Skill]]s and Elemental Bursts.

==R==
* '''R1''', '''R2''', '''R3''', '''R4''', '''R5''' (or '''Refines''') &mdash; The [[Weapon#Refining|Refinement]] rank of a [[Weapon]].
* '''Rainbow Razor''' (also '''Thundering Furry''') &mdash; A team consisting of [[Razor]], [[Bennett]], [[Xingqiu]], and a [[Dendro]] character that utilizes Razor's wide area of [[Electro]] application, his [[Normal Attack]] infused with [[Pyro]] from [[Bennett]]'s [[Fire Ventures With Me]], and self application of Electro and Pyro from [[Lightning Fang]] and [[Fantastic Voyage]] respectively to simultaneously trigger [[Hyperbloom]], [[Burgeon]], and [[Overloaded]]. Contrary to the name "Thundering Furry," Razor often uses [[Gilded Dreams]] instead of [[Thundering Fury]].
* '''Rainbow''' &mdash; Refers to either an equipped combination of Artifact pieces from different sets that results in no useful Artifact set bonuses or a Team composition that uses 4 characters of different [[Element]]s, often in relation to [[Chasca]] teams.
* '''Rational Team''' (also '''Rational''' or '''Raiden National''') &mdash; A popular variation of the [[#N|National]] team composition that uses [[Raiden Shogun]] in the fourth slot.
* '''RB''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Retracing Bolide]].
* '''Reduce CD''' &mdash; Short form of "[[Cooldown#CD Reduction|Cooldown Reduction]]" attribute.
* '''Rep''' &mdash; Shortened form of [[Reputation]].
* '''Reroll''' &mdash; Creating new accounts in hopes of getting the desired 5-Star [[Character]] through [[Wishes]].
* '''Rerun''' &mdash; When a Character Wish or [[Event]] returns after its first run.
* '''RES''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "[[Resistance]]" attribute. '''"Res"''' can also be an abbreviation of [[Elemental Resonance]].
* '''Resin Refresh''' (also '''Refill''') &mdash; Replenishing [[Original Resin]] using [[Primogems]].
* '''Resistance Shred''' (or '''RES Shred''') &mdash; Decreasing the [[Resistance/Physical|Physical Resistance]] and/or [[Resistance#Elemental Resistances|Elemental Resistance]] of enemies. See [[Resistance#Decreasing Enemy Resistance|Decreasing Enemy Resistance]].
* '''Reverse Vape''' or '''Reverse Melt''' &mdash; The 1.5× multiplier version of the [[Vaporize]] reaction (applying [[Pyro]] on [[Hydro]]) or the [[Melt]] reaction (applying [[Cryo]] on Pyro) respectively, as opposed to [[#F|Forward Vape or Forward Melt]].
* '''RMT''' &mdash; "Real Money Transaction," i.e., the act of exchanging real life currency for in-game ones (e.g., USD for [[Genesis Crystal]]s).
* '''RNG''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Random Number Generator." In the community, RNG is synonymous with "luck." Good RNG equates to good luck and vice versa.
* '''Rolls''' &mdash; Wishing on a [[Wish]] or the number of Wishes saved up in Primogems, [[Acquaint Fate]]s, or [[Intertwined Fate]]s. Also refers to obtaining Artifacts from clearing Domains, defeating Bosses, etc. or fully enhancing an Artifact in hope of getting good [[#S|substats]].
* '''Roll Value''' (or '''RV''') &mdash; The percentage of useful possible [[Artifact/Stats#Sub Stats|substat]] rolls over the highest potential roll of said substat of a 5-Star [[Artifact]]. The highest possible roll for an 5-Star Artifact substat has a value of 100% with each lower rolls subsequently losing its value by 10%. The '''Current RV''' of an Artifact is the total value of its useful substat rolls and the '''Maximum RV''' of an Artifact is the highest potential substat value it can possibly get. The Maximum RV for a 5-Star Artifact is 900%.
* '''Rosa''' &mdash; Abbreviation for [[Rosaria]].
* '''Rotation'''/'''Rot''' &mdash; A specific usage order of multiple characters' abilities ([[Normal Attack]]s, [[Elemental Skill]]s, and [[Elemental Burst]]s) in a team. Once all the relevant abilities have been used and are off of cooldown again, a rotation may repeat.

==S==
* '''Sac''' &mdash; Shortened form of any weapon from the [[Sacrificial Series]].
* '''Salad''' &mdash; A [[Hyperbloom]] team consisting of an [[Anemo]], [[Dendro]], [[Electro]], and [[Hydro]] character that often uses the Anemo character as the Hyperbloom trigger through the use of [[Elemental Absorption]] or the [[Swirl]] reaction, allowing for the Electro character to be built as a [[Catalyze]] damage dealer and often benefiting from [[Viridescent Venerer]]'s 4-Piece Bonus. The name stems from the [[#S|Soup]] team, however, with the [[Pyro]] ("the heat for the soup") replaced by Dendro ("vegetables") so the Anemo can "toss the vegetables around."
* '''Sands''' &mdash; Shortened form for the [[Sands of Eon]] [[Artifact]] piece.
* '''Sauté''' &mdash; A [[Burgeon]] team that consists of an [[Anemo]], [[Dendro]], [[Pyro]], and [[Hydro]] character. It utilizes the Anemo character, usually [[Kazuha]], to [[Elemental Absorption|absorb]] Pyro to trigger Burgeon. The name stems from sauté meaning "jumped up" in French and the most common Anemo option, Kazuha, "jumping" with [[Chihayaburu]].
* '''SC''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Superconduct]] [[Elemental Reaction]].
* '''Scara''' &mdash; Shortened form of [[Scaramouche]].
* '''Scroll''' &mdash; Shortened form of the [[Artifact/Sets|Artifact Set]] [[Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City]].
* '''Seed'''/'''Seeds''' &mdash; Another term for [[Dendro Core]]s.
* '''Selfish Carry''' &mdash; Refers to DPS characters that need to stay on the field for the full duration of a skill to deal the most damage. Swapping out usually prematurely ends the skill.
* '''Server reset''' &mdash; A specific server time which marks the beginning of a new day, refreshing most of the timed content such as daily login bonuses, daily Commissions and events.
* '''Set''' &mdash; Shortened form for [[Artifact Set]].
* '''Shieldbot/Shielder''' &mdash; Refers to characters built to maximize their [[shield]]'s damage absorption at the expense of their overall damage or other support abilities. Full HP [[Zhongli]] and full DEF [[Noelle]] are a few such builds.
* '''Shinra Tensei''' &mdash; A team consisting of [[Kamisato Ayaka|Ayaka]], [[Kaedehara Kazuha|Kazuha]], [[Sangonomiya Kokomi|Kokomi]], and [[Rosaria]]. A variation that replaces Rosaria with [[Shenhe]] also exists.
* '''Shotgun''' &mdash; Using [[Bow]] characters' [[Charged Attack]]s at close range to enemies.
* '''Signature'''/'''Sig''' &mdash; A blanket term for [[weapon]]s that are wielded in official media by a character, often has its [[Banner]] ran alongside a character, or mechanically or visually suits a character. Examples include [[Primordial Jade Winged-Spear]] for [[Xiao]], [[Cinnabar Spindle]] for [[Albedo]], or [[The Bell]] for [[Freminet]].
* '''Singles''' &mdash; Using a single [[Acquaint Fate]], [[Intertwined Fate]], or 160 [[Primogems]] on a [[Wish]].
* '''Skill''' &mdash; The [[Elemental Skill]] of [[Characters]].
* '''Snapshot''' &mdash; Some long lasting/deployable abilities are based on the character's stats at the time of casting. This allows some buffs that are active at the time of casting to effectively last for the entire duration of the ability even if the buff itself runs out. See [[Snapshotting]].
* '''SoBP''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Claymore]] weapon [[Song of Broken Pines]].
* '''SoDP''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Song of Days Past]].
* '''Soft Pity''' &mdash; A theory that suggests an increased drop rate before reaching the guaranteed "hard" pity for a 5-Star, starting at around 75 Wishes on the [[Wanderlust Invocation]] and [[Wishes#Character Event Wish|Character Event Wish]], or around 65 Wishes on the [[Wishes#Weapon Event Wish|Weapon Event Wish]].
* '''SoH''' -  Abbreviation of the [[Polearm]] weapon [[Staff of Homa]]
* '''SoT7''' or '''SoTS''' &mdash; Acronym referring to [[Statues of The Seven]].
* '''SoSS''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Polearm]] weapon [[Staff of the Scarlet Sands]].
* '''Soup''' &mdash; A team consisting of a [[Hydro]], [[Electro]], [[Pyro]], and [[Anemo]] character which triggers [[Electro-Charged]], [[Vaporize]], [[Overloaded]], and [[Swirl]] reactions simultaneously to deal damage.
* '''Split scaling''' &mdash; Refers to when a character has multiple significant [[Talent]] multipliers that scale off different stats. For example, Transient Blossom DMG from [[Albedo]]'s [[Abiogenesis: Solar Isotoma]] scales with [[DEF]], while his [[Rite of Progeniture: Tectonic Tide]] scales with [[ATK]].
* '''SR'''/'''Shime'''/'''Shimi''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Shimenawa's Reminiscence]].
* '''SRP''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Elemental Gauge Theory/Simultaneous Reaction Priority|Simultaneous Reaction Priority]].
* '''SS''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Claymore]] weapon [[Serpent Spine]] or [[Sword]] weapon [[Summit Shaper]]. Not to be confused with screenshot.
* '''SSR''' &mdash; A general gacha game term referring to the highest rarity character or item. In ''[[Genshin Impact]]'', this would be a [[5-Star Character]].
* '''ST''' &mdash; Abbreviation of "Single-Target."
* '''Stance''' &mdash; The current character's attack position. Stance will affect how Normal, Charged, and Plunge attacks are performed. Most characters only have one stance, but some, like [[Tartaglia]], have different stances that change their attack pattern.
* ''' Stat Stick''' &mdash; A weapon that is equipped on a character for the stats it provides, but provides little to no other effect. For example, equipping [[Aquila Favonia]] on [[Bennett]] for its high [[ATK|Base ATK]] rather than utilizing its passive effect.
* '''Sub DPS''' &mdash; A generic term that tends to refer to characters in the team that deal a significant amount of damage but aren't the main DPS.
* '''Sub-reaction''' (also '''Chain Reaction''') &mdash; Reactions that requires the activation of another reaction in order to be available to trigger. Examples includes [[Hyperbloom]] and [[Burgeon]] requiring [[Bloom]], [[Spread]] and [[Aggravate]] requiring [[Quicken]], and [[Shatter]] requiring [[Frozen]].
* '''Substat''' (or '''Subs''') &mdash; The secondary stat(s) for [[Weapons]] and Artifacts.
* '''Sukokomon''' &mdash; A team composition that consists of [[Sucrose]], [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]], [[Fischl]], and [[Xiangling]]. This team is known as the precursor to the [[#S|Soup]] team archetype and has a relatively difficult rotation. The name is a portmanteau of Sucrose, Kokomi, and {{w|Pokémon}}, the latter word referring the how many "[[#S|summons]]" this team uses.
* '''Summons''' &mdash; Wishing on a Wish or the number of Wishes saved up in Primogems, [[Acquaint Fate]]s, or [[Intertwined Fate]]s. Can also refer to objects that are created from certain [[Talents]] like [[Oz]] from [[Fischl]]'s [[Nightrider]] and [[Midnight Phantasmagoria]], [[Ushi]] from [[Itto]]'s [[Masatsu Zetsugi: Akaushi Burst!]], or Bogglecat Box from [[Lynette]]'s [[Magic Trick: Astonishing Shift]].
* '''Sunfire''' &mdash; Combining both [[Jean]]'s [[Dandelion Breeze]] and [[Bennett]]'s [[Fantastic Voyage]] to constantly [[Swirl]] [[Pyro]] from the on-field character onto enemies.
* '''Superbloom''' &mdash; Refers to [[Nilou]] teams that utilizes [[Bountiful Core]]s.
* '''Sustained'''/'''Sustain''' &mdash; Refers to providing a consistent effect throughout a rotation, character's field time, or duration of a [[Talent]]. For example, dealing damage with [[Xiangling]]'s [[Pyronado]] throughout combat, repeatedly healing from standing on [[Bennett]]'s [[Fantastic Voyage]], or constantly grouping enemies with [[Astable Anemohypostasis Creation - 6308]] while [[Sucrose]] is active. Alternatively, sustain can also refer to team or character survivability or a character that provides defensive utilities such as [[Healing]], [[Shield]]s, or [[DMG Reduction]].

==T==
* '''T1''', '''T2''', '''T3''', etc. (or '''Talent Levels''') &mdash; The [[Talent/Level Scaling|Talent Level]] of a [[Character]] (i.e., "T9" refers to a Talent that is level 9).
* '''Talent Books''' &mdash; The [[Talent Level-Up Materials]] that resemble books, mainly obtained from challenging [[Domains#Domains of Mastery|Domains of Mastery]].
* '''Talent Priority''' &mdash; A recommended order in which one should raise the level of a character's [[Combat Talents]].
* '''Taser''' &mdash; A team composition that focuses on using the [[Electro-Charged]] reaction. One popular Taser team composition includes [[Sucrose]], [[Fischl]], [[Beidou]], and [[Xingqiu]]. [[Childe]] Taser (sometimes called Childe [[#F|Fireworks]]) involves Childe, Fischl, and Beidou.
* '''TCG''' &mdash; Short for "{{w|trading card game}}." In the context of ''Genshin Impact'', it refers to [[Genius Invokation TCG]].
* '''TF'''/'''TFury''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Thundering Fury]].
* '''Time-gated''' &mdash; Refers to content or features that only become available after set time intervals. Examples include [[:Category:Daily Quests|daily quests]] such as [[Tatara Tales]], and parts of [[Events]] that become unlocked after a certain number of hours or days. The term is also used to refer to things that replenish over time, such as [[Original Resin]].
* '''Timepiece''' &mdash; Another term for the [[Sands of Eon]] Artifact piece.
* '''TKP''' &mdash; Abbreviation of Tri-Karma Purification from [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]].
* '''Toaster Bath''' &mdash; A [[Nilou]] team that uses three [[Hydro]] and either [[Nahida]] or [[Alhaitham]] as the sole [[Dendro]]. The Dendro character is used as the active character to apply Dendro and opens themselves up to damage from [[Bountiful Core]]s, hence the name.
* '''ToM'''/'''ToTM''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Tenacity of the Millelith]].
* '''TP''' &mdash; Abbreviation of either [[Teleport Waypoints|teleport]] or the [[Bow]] weapon [[Thundering Pulse]].
* '''Trigger''' &mdash; The second element applied in an [[Elemental Reaction]].
* '''Triple Crowning''' &mdash; Spending three [[Crown of Insight|Crowns of Insight]] to level each of a character's combat [[talent]]s ([[Normal Attack]], [[Elemental Skill]], and [[Elemental Burst]]) to their final base rank (Lv. 10, not including levels from [[Constellations]]).
* '''TS''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Thundersoother]].
* '''TTDS'''/'''TToDS''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Catalyst]] weapon [[Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers]].
* '''TTK''' &mdash; Initialism for "Time to Kill."

==U==
* '''Ultimate''' (or '''Ult''') &mdash; The [[Elemental Burst]] of [[Characters]].
* '''Umbrella''' &mdash; Refers to the [[Sword]] weapon [[Toukabou Shigure]].
* '''Unit''' &mdash; Refers to a [[Playable Characters|playable character]] or the unit of measurement in [[Elemental Gauge Theory]].
* '''Uptime''' &mdash; The period of a cooldown during which an [[Elemental Skill]], Elemental Burst, or other effect remains active. "100% uptime" refers to the maximal, prolonged use of a Skill or Burst due to [[Cooldown#CD Reduction|reduced cooldown]] (decreasing ''downtime'') or an innate cooldown being equal to or shorter than the effect duration. Compare with [[#D|downtime]].
* '''Utility Support''' (or '''Supp''') &mdash; Tends to refer to the characters that can support the team with crowd control, buff, shield, damage reduction, or healing abilities.

==V==
* '''V1.1''', '''V1.2''', etc. &mdash; Referring to the game's [[Version]] 1.1, 1.2, ... update.
* '''VA''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Voice Actor]].
* '''Vape''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the reaction [[Vaporize]] between the Hydro and Pyro elements. May also refer to team compositions that primarily utilize this reaction to deal damage.
* '''Vapemelt''' (also '''Freezemelt''') &mdash; Portmanteaus of [[Vaporize]], [[Melt]], or [[Freeze]] referring to either triggering Melt on an enemy with Freeze [[Aura]], or the usage of [[Cryo]] to prevent enemies from having a [[Pyro]] Aura and allowing occasional triggers of Vaporize, Frozen, and Melt. Vapemelt/Freezemelt is unable to occur if the enemies have immunity to the Frozen Reaction or if the triggering attack is a [[Blunt Attack]]. Can also refer to a team composition that uses this combination of reactions, such as [[Hu Tao]], [[Xingqiu]], [[Kaeya]], and [[Layla]].
* '''VH''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Bow]] weapon [[The Viridescent Hunt]] or the Artifact set [[Vermillion Hereafter]]. Vermillion Hereafter can also be abbreviated to '''VHA'''.
* '''VG''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Vourukasha's Glow]].
* '''VV''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Viridescent Venerer]] or the [[Polearm]] [[Vortex Vanquisher]].

==W==
* '''Wavedash''' (also '''Glide Cancel''') &mdash; An animation cancel that utilizes [[Wind Current]]s such as the hold version of [[Venti]]'s [[Skyward Sonnet]] to allow characters to jump, glide, and land instantly.
* '''Web Event''' &mdash; Events that do not involve normal gameplay or do not take place within the game, and are usually accessed through a web browser.
* '''Weeklies''' &mdash; The [[Weekly Bosses]], [[Bounties]], or [[Reputation#Weekly Requests|Requests]], whose rewards can only be claimed once a week.
* '''Welkin''' &mdash; Shortened form of [[Blessing of the Welkin Moon]].
* '''Wet Rock''' &mdash; A team that is composed of two [[Hydro]] and two [[Geo]] characters.
* '''WGS''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the [[Claymore]] weapon [[Wolf's Gravestone]] or, often jokingly, [[Waster Greatsword]].
* '''Whale''' &mdash; Players who spend large amounts of money on the game.
* '''Wheelchair''' &mdash; A team core consisting of [[Xilonen]] and [[Chiori]]. The name is ascribed to the duo's ability to "carry" any typical [[Pyro]]/[[Electro]]/[[Cryo]]/[[Hydro]] DPS and support, due to Chiori and the other DPS gaining massive damage boosts from the Elemental RES decrease of Xilonen's skill [[Yohual's Scratch]], the [[Elemental DMG Bonus]] from [[Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City]] (Xilonen's [[#B|BiS]]), and the [[Geo Resonance]] effect which can easily be triggered by picking up [[Crystallize]] shards. This team composition gained popularity when a Chinese player used Xilonen, Chiori, [[Neuvillette]], and [[Tartaglia]] to clear [[Version 5.1]]'s [[Spiral Abyss/Blessing of the Abyssal Moon/2024-10-16|Spiral Abyss Floor 12]] in an [https://youtu.be/EwhJ_QE378A?t=37 extremely short amount of time].
* '''WL''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[World Level]]. WL0, WL1, WL2... are used to denote the World Level of a player's world.
* '''WT''' &mdash; Abbreviation of the Artifact set [[Wanderer's Troupe]].

==X==
* '''Xiaolad''' &mdash; A [[#M|Meme]] team for Xiao as the [[Hyperbloom]] trigger in a [[Fischl]], [[Xingqiu]], and [[Dendro]] [[#S|Salad]] team.
* '''XL''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Xiangling]].
* '''XQ''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Xingqiu]].
* '''XY''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Xinyan]] or [[Xianyun]].

==Y==
* '''YJ''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Yun Jin]].
* '''YL''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Yelan]].
* '''Yoi''' &mdash; Shortened form of [[Yoimiya]].
* '''YY''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Yaoyao]].

==Z==
* '''ZL''' &mdash; Abbreviation of [[Zhongli]].
* '''Zoom Cancel''' &mdash; The cancelling of the camera zoom-in from [[Elemental Burst]]s usually from standing in [[Water]] or near certain walls such as [[Traveler (Geo)|Geo Traveler]]'s and [[Zhongli]]'s [[Geo Construct]].

[[Category:Genshin Impact]]

[[ja:用語集]]
[[ru:Глоссарий]]
[[th:อภิธานศัพท์]]