{{Weapon Series Infobox
|quality  = 4
|region  = Teyvat
|lore    = [[Battle Pass/Story|Gnostic Chorus]]
|other   = 
* Obtainable from the [[Gnostic Hymn]]
* Main attribute: CRIT Rate
}}
The '''Gnostic Hymn 2 Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 4-star [[Weapon Series]]. Similar to the original [[Gnostic Hymn 1 Series|series]], they are all obtainable through the [[Gnostic Hymn]].

This series does not have a shared ability bonus.

Like the original Gnostic Hymn series, all weapons of this series also share the same '''main attribute,''' CRIT Rate, but with different values.

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Gnostic Hymn 2 Series}}

==Lore==
The weapons in the second Gnostic Hymn series each tell the story of a legend from one of [[Teyvat]]'s nations, which have all been changed or lost in some form over the years. These legends are unrelated to each other besides sharing this common theme.

'''Ballad of the Fjords''' is about a boy named Ajax from the snow-covered era of Hyperborea. Stories about Ajax and Hyperborea became legends passed down through generations to teach children not to covet wealth and take only what they need. Most notably, one story depicts Ajax falling into an underground kingdom, which has been perfectly preserved for a thousand years. The story shares many similarities with that of [[Tartaglia]], who is also named Ajax.

'''Sacrificial Jade''' is about the tribes of [[Chenyu Vale]] and their ancient tradition of going to [[Yilong Wharf]] and sacrificing jade to the water out of respect for their ancestors and the dead. As time went by, the tribes in Chenyu Vale changed and they accepted more aspects of [[Liyue]]'s civilization under the rule of [[Rex Lapis]]. They lost the tradition of carving jade ornaments, but retained the tradition of going to Yilong Wharf, and jade can still be found in the wild to this day.

'''Wolf-Fang''' was wielded by the wandering Wolf Knight, Boreas, from the time of the first Grand Master of the [[Knights of Favonius]]. There are very few records of him besides word-of-mouth stories propagated by bards, but the truth behind his story is that he was a mysterious traveler who stayed in [[Mondstadt]] for only a few years, fighting demons for a single silver coin, wearing exquisitely-crafted armor, and paying with unfamiliar coins made of real gold and silver. He refused to join the Knights of Favonius, but made a lasting impact.

'''Scion of the Blazing Sun''' is about the "ascetics," a group from [[Sumeru]] who are descended from the priests of [[King Deshret]] and passed down his art of archery. Some live in the forest and began to worship [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]], while some continued to worship Deshret. However, many texts and images about the art and ceremony of archery were lost throughout the years, and the actions of some of the desert-dwelling "ascetics" strayed even further from the original intentions of the priests, resulting in the [[Tanit|Falcon]] system found in the Desert of Hadramaveth.

'''Talking Stick''' was wielded by [[Tenoch]], a warrior from [[Natlan]] who fought against the a "turbid black tide" by gathering six warriors from each of Natlan's six tribes. Of the five weapons, only Talking Stick does not explain how or if the story became distorted over time.

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->
==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[ja:天空紀行2シリーズ]]