{{Weapon Series Infobox
|rarity  = 4
|region  = Teyvat
|lore    = [[Battle Pass/Story|Gnostic Chorus]]
|other   = Obtainable from the [[Gnostic Hymn]]<br />Main attribute: CRIT Rate
}}
The '''Gnostic Hymn Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 4-star [[Weapon Series]]. They are all obtainable through the [[Gnostic Hymn]].

This series does not have a shared ability bonus.

Additionally all weapons of this series also share the same '''main attribute,''' CRIT Rate, but with different values.

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Gnostic Hymn Series}}

==Lore==
The weapons in the Gnostic Hymn Series are part of the stories of five independent historical figures, who each wielded one of the Gnostic Hymn weapons. There is no relation between these figures, but they share a common theme: Going astray from their original goal and losing sight of themselves, typically as a result of another individual's influence or actions.

This theme relates to the ''{{w|Hymn of the Pearl}}'', a Gnostic work that inspired the [[Cataclysm#Gnostic Chorus|Gnostic Chorus]] story teaser.

'''The Black Sword''' was wielded by the [[Bloodstained Knight]], a figure who lived in [[Mondstadt]] 500 years ago. Originally known by the epithet "White Knight," he upheld justice and virtue as a member of the [[Knights of Favonius]]. After the [[cataclysm]], however, his mentor [[Rostam]] was slain and monsters rampaged across [[Teyvat]]. The White Knight grew obsessed with killing monsters for the sake of "chivalry" and "justice," until his goal deteriorated into killing for the sake of killing &mdash; thus gaining the name "Bloodstained Knight."<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Bloodstained Chivalry}}</ref> He eventually realized that he had no place in Teyvat and descended into [[the Abyss]] to continue slaying monsters. There, he discovered the "ultimate injustice" &mdash; the curse that transformed the people of [[Khaenri'ah]] into monsters of the Abyss<ref>{{Ref/Quest|We Will Be Reunited}}</ref> &mdash; and swore his loyalty to the Abyss.

'''Serpent Spine''' was wielded by the [[Skipper]], who lived in [[Liyue]] 1000 years ago. He originally led a crew that hunted sea monsters, and was single-mindedly devoted to that task. The only person he truly cared for was his navigator, a young woman who loved singing. One day, however, the crew met their match against a particularly powerful sea monster. The Skipper was the only survivor, spared as a result of the navigator's distraction.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Tales From the Waves}}</ref> He then became fixated on hunting this monster down and avenging her death, eventually leading himself and his new crew to their deaths for his objective.<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Heart of Depth}}</ref>

'''Deathmatch''' was wielded by the [[Unnamed Gladiator]] who lived in Mondstadt 1000 years ago as a slave who fought on his master [[Eberhart]]'s behalf in the arena. While he originally fought for his freedom, Eberhart's manipulations led him to become genuinely devoted to his master, and he lost sight of his goal. He eventually lost his life to [[Vennessa]], who had been enslaved as a gladiator by the [[Lawrence Clan]].<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Gladiator's Finale}}</ref>

'''Solar Pearl''' was created by [[Kunwu]], a craftsman in Liyue who lived an indeterminate time ago. Originally a scholar with plans on studying in [[Sumeru Akademiya]], Kunwu one day came into possession of the [[Sundial of Enduring Jade]], a sundial crafted by [[Morax]] himself. Discovering he could find no flaws in the sundial, Kunwu became obsessed with creating something that would surpass it.<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Archaic Petra}}</ref> He abandoned his path as a scholar and became a famous weaponsmith.

'''The Viridescent Hunt''' was wielded by [[Viridescent]], the Queen of Hunters who lived 500 years ago. Raised away from human society, she had long been taught to live in accordance to nature and to never use her hunting prowess for personal motives. This changed when the cataclysm struck: she encountered a dying, blind boy who had stumbled into the forest where she lived. She took up his desire for revenge against the monsters and to that end, chose to disregard her teachings.<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Viridescent Venerer}}</ref> Before she embarked on her quest to slay the monsters of the Abyss, she buried The Viridescent Hunt as to avoid tainting it with the blood spilled on her personal quest.
<!--
==Trivia==
-->
==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[ja:天空シリーズ]]
[[th:เซ็ต BP อัศวิน]]