{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Event Quest Go Forth Golden Whirlwind.png
|type          = World
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Complete [[A New Painting in Pale Scarlet]]
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Yasuhiko Tarou
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|prev          = 
|next          = Versus Ookubo Sanzaemon
|other         = {{Card|Wanderer's Advice|4}}{{Card|Adventurer's Experience|2}}
|event_name    = Hues of the Violet Garden
}}
'''Go Forth, Golden Whirlwind!''' is an Event Quest that introduces the [[Clash of Lone Blades]] segment in the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Yasuhiko Tarou]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You have received no commissions from Katheryne, nor do you have appointments with any friends. And yet, in the darkness, a golden light leads you to a small island in the middle of the ocean. How strange. What in the world happened?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Yasuhiko Tarou)
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' Might I ask for your name?
:{{DIcon}} I'm (Traveler).
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' Good, I've written it down. May I ask if you are willing to put your honor as a warrior on the line?
:{{DIcon}} Wait, what?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, no, no, have a nice day.
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' Mm? Are you not, then, a warrior who has come forth to take part in this contest?
:{{DIcon}} Never heard of such a thing.
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' Have you not heard of the "Clash of Lone Blades"?
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' That can't be, I should have put up notices.
:'''Paimon:''' Where did you put them up?
;(Camera switches view to a nearby sign)
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' Here.
:'''Paimon:''' C'mon, that's no use at all! No one's gonna see that, much less come over!
;(Camera pans back)
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' Hmph! This is all the [[Yashiro Commission]]'s fault, what with their "no weapons or fighting during the [[Irodori Festival]]" nonsense. I applied to organize duels on [[Ritou]], but they refused, and wouldn't let me put up advertisements, either.
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' So I could only put the arena here and place the sign nearby.
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' That said, we have already had 4 applicants. If we also include you, that makes 5.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, so people actually joined. That's odd. Speaking of which, Paimon can't quite remember why you came here either, (Traveler)...
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' The way I see it, you were able to find this place without any prior hints. This must mean that you are a warrior with a formidable spirit indeed.
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' Those who hanker after martial prowess will always be attracted to one another. This is the way of the world &mdash; and there is little need to be surprised by it.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon has no idea what world you live in.
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' Hehe. But still, would you be willing to take part?
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' If you can defeat each of the four challengers, you will receive a reward, as a matter of course.
:{{DIcon}} I'll give it some consideration.
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' Well then, please do take your time.

;(Read the nearby notice)
:'''Borrowed Advertisement Board:''' Attention, all:
:'''Borrowed Advertisement Board:''' The hot-blooded, cold-blooded, steel-blooded contest of warriors that I, Yasuhiko Tarou, have organized is presently underway!
:'''Borrowed Advertisement Board:''' All are welcome to participate.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Go Forth, Golden Whirlwind!
|zhs     = 去吧！黄金旋风！
|zhs_rm  = Qù Ba! Huángjīn Xuànfēng!
|zhs_tl  = Go! Golden Whirlwind!
|zht     = 黃金旋風！
|zht_rm  = Huángjīn Xuànfēng!
|zht_tl  = Golden Whirlwind!
|ja      = 行けッ！黄金の旋風！
|ja_rm   = Ike'! Ougon no Senpuu!
|ja_tl   = Go! Golden Whirlwind!
|ko      = 가라! 황금 돌풍!
|ko_rm   = Gara! Hwanggeum Dolpung!
|ko_tl   = Go! Golden Gust!
|es      = ¡Adelante, Torbellino Dorado!
|es_tl   = Go Forth, Golden Wirlwind!
|fr      = En avant, tornade dorée !
|fr_tl   = Forward, Golden Whirlwind!
|ru      = Вперёд, Золотое торнадо!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ไปเสียเถอะ! พายุแห่งทองคำ!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lên Đường Thôi! Cơn Lốc Vàng Óng!
|vi_tl   = Let's Go! Blond Tornado!
|de      = Geh voran, goldener Wirbelwind!
|de_tl   = Go Forth, Golden Whirlwind!
|id      = Majulah, Angin Puyuh Emas!
|id_tl   = Go, Golden Whirlwind!
|pt      = Tornado Dourado, Vá!
|pt_tl   = Golden Tornado, Go!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}
[[pt-br: Tornado Dourado, Vá!]]