{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Go Go, Forest Rangers!
|image             = Go Go, Forest Rangers!.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-08-19 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-08-24 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/23055
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20220819tighnari-wmke/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Tighnari; Collei
}}
{{Description|When patrolling the forest, you have to be brave and careful.}}
'''Go Go, Forest Rangers!''' is a Web [[Event]] in [[Version 2.8]].

==Event Duration==
08/19/2022 12:00 &ndash; 08/24/2022 23:59 (UTC +8)

==Eligibility==
[[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Details==
# During the event, follow the forest rangers to find out the anomalies in the rainforest. Complete the inspection of the three forest zones to receive in-game items as rewards.
# Click on the forest patrol logs to see the appearance of past forest zones, and compare the current scene with the photos in the logs to find out the anomalies in the rainforest.
# After completing all the patrols, share the event to get the event wallpaper.

;Hint Tasks
* Share Event
* View New Version Content
* Go to and follow the official TikTok account
* Visit HoYoLAB's Daily Check-In
* View HoYoLAB's Battle Chronicle
* View HoYoLAB's Teyvat Interactive Map
* Visit HoYoWiki
* View the HoYoLAB Enhancement Progression Calculator
* Go to and follow the official TikTok account

==Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please claim it in time.
# After completing the patrol missions, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

==Rewards==
Patrol all 3 Forest Zones to obtain:
{{Card|Primogem|40}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mora|20,000}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Trivia==
* The event's name is a reference to ''{{w|Power Rangers}}''.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Go Go, Forest Rangers!
|zhs     = 巡林小队，出发！
|zhs_rm  = Xúnlín Xiǎoduì, Chūfā!
|zht     = 巡林小隊，出發！
|zht_rm  = Xúnlín Xiǎoduì, Chūfā!
|zh_tl   = Forest Patrol Team, Let's Go!
|ja      = レンジャー隊、出発！
|ja_rm   = Renjaa-tai, Shuppatsu!
|ja_tl   = Ranger Team, Let's Go!
|ko      = 숲 {{tt|순찰소대|巡察小隊}}, {{tt|출발|出發}}!
|ko_rm   = Sup Sunchal-sodae, Chulbal!
|ko_tl   = Forest Patrol-Platoon, Let's Go!
|es      = ¡Guardabosques, en marcha!
|es_tl   = Forest Rangers, Go Forth!
|fr      = En route, gardes forestiers !
|fr_tl   = Let's Go, Forest Rangers!
|ru      = Лесные дозорные, выступаем!
|ru_tl   = Forest Watchmen, Come Forth!
|th      = ทีมเจ้าหน้าที่พิทักษ์ป่า ออกปฏิบัติการ!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Forest Guard Officer Team, Leave for Operation!
|vi      = Đội Kiểm Lâm, Xuất Phát!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Los geht’s, Waldhüter!
|de_tl   = Let's go, Forest Keepers!
|id      = Penjaga Hutan, Berangkat!
|id_tl   = Forest Ranger, Let's Go!
|pt      = Esquadrão Guardas-Florestais, Vamos Lá!
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[fr:En route, gardes forestiers !]]
[[pt-br:Esquadrão Guardas-Florestais, Vamos Lá!]]
[[ru:Лесные дозорные, выступаем!]]