{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75665
|image         = Event Quest Go Go Saurian Expedition.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Tournament of Glory in Bloom
|requirement   = 
* Complete step 5 in ''[[For Our Saurian Companion]]''
|characters    =  Paimon; Traveler; Vinesh
|startLocation = [[Basin of Unnumbered Flames]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Basin of Unnumbered Flames
|subarea       = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Tournament of Glory in Bloom/Saurian Treasure Seeker|Saurian Treasure Seeker]] subevent.
}}
'''''Go Go Saurian Expedition!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Tournament of Glory in Bloom]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Vinesh

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A saurian expedition has set off in search of [[Ocean Zephyrs]], but a few little ones seemed to have stayed behind. Why not have a chat with the staff nearby?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Vinesh)
:'''Vinesh:''' Hello! Welcome to the "Saurian Expedition Supply Station."
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, there are many little saurians here! Are you all going out to look for Ocean Zephyrs?
:'''Vinesh:''' Time and tide wait for no man. The Ocean Zephyr-picking squad's already left.
:'''Vinesh:''' Though these young'uns want to help, no matter how hard Mr. [[Ifa]] and Mr. [[Cacucu]] try to teach them, they don't quite get what an Ocean Zephyr is.
:'''Vinesh:''' To honor their enthusiasm, Mr. Ifa let them join the expedition... Although what counts as an "expedition" was left up to them.
:'''Vinesh:''' Whether it's yummy [[Grainfruit]] or shiny trinkets, they can collect whatever they want. All that matters is that they get back safely.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it... Well, they sure look happy. Stay safe, little ones! The outside world's full of bad guys!
:'''Lively Little Tepetlisaur:''' Wrooh!
:'''Vinesh:''' We're here to guide the little saurians along on their expedition. If you're interested, you can come check it out.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Go Go Saurian Expedition!
|zhs      = 龙龙远征，出发！
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 龍龍遠征，出發！
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 竜の遠征隊、出発！
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 출발! 용용 원정대
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¡Expedición sáurica! ¡En marcha!
|es_tl    = Saurian Expedition! Under Way!
|fr       = C'est parti pour l'expédition saurienne !
|fr_tl    = Let's Go for the Saurian Exploration!
|ru       = Экспедиция заврианов отправляется в путь!
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = คณะสำรวจ Saurian ออกเดินทาง!
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Saurian Viễn Chinh, Xuất Phát!
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Saurier-Expedition, Abmarsch!
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Ekspedisi Saurian, Berangkat!
|id_tl    = Saurian Expedition, Go!
|pt       = Expedição dos Saurianos, em marcha!
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Sürüngenlerle Keşfe Çıkıyoruz!
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Spedizione saurica, partenza!
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

[[pt-br:Expedição dos Saurianos, em marcha!]]
[[ru:Экспедиция заврианов отправляется в путь!]]