{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74088
|image         = World Quest Go to the Institute of Clockwork Applications and retrieve the Anchor.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Fontaine Research Institute Chronicles
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Chronie; Nacker; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region
|subarea       = 
|poi           = Institute of Clockwork Applications
|parent        = Fontaine Research Institute, Stagnating in the Rubble
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Primogem*30;Mora*35,000
}}
'''''Go to the Institute of Clockwork Applications and retrieve the Anchor''''' is a [[World Quest]] in {{Location|Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Institute of Clockwork Applications]]
# Defeat all the Gardemeks
#* {{Enemy|Annihilation Specialist Mek - Pneuma|x=2}}
# Enter the Institute of Clockwork Applications
# Retrieve the Survey Anchor

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You arrived at the new Fontaine Research Institute and met with co-administrators Raimondo and Choiseul. After a long, mind-numbing conversation, you were tasked to escort Nacker and retrieve the last two Anchors.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Institute of Clockwork Applications)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! There's clockwork meka here too!
:'''Nacker:''' They may have been attracted by the energy spill. Please be cautious...

;(Enter the Institute of Clockwork Applications)
:'''Nacker:''' There should be a Survey Anchor here too. I'll open the door, and leave the recovery to you, {{Traveler}}.

;(Talk to Chronie, optional)
:'''Chronie:''' Yeah... I still can't forget how [[Choiseul]] just kept equivocating.
:'''Chronie:''' And that [[Raimondo]]... So haughty and arrogant. Did you see how he was looking at me?
:'''Chronie:''' I think you're much better than either of those two. Things would have never turned out like that if you were in their position.

;(Talk to Nacker, optional)
:'''Nacker:''' I believe this place was originally [[Butor]]'s "Institute of Clockwork Applications." In the field of clockwork machines, Monsieur Butor was one of the leading authorities.
:'''Nacker:''' However, scientifically, the development and advancement of traditional clockwork machines had reached a bottleneck. In terms of applications, traditional clockwork machines were obviously at a great disadvantage.
:'''Nacker:''' Anyway, Monsieur Butor's program was slowly being marginalized at the Institute. His funding was cut, and he struggled to recruit researchers.
:'''Nacker:''' After a series of unfortunate incidents, Monsieur Butor's group finally disbanded, and this facility was completely abandoned.
:'''Nacker:''' *sigh* Monsieur Butor was terribly unlucky, if you ask me...

;(Retrieve the anchor - if this is the first one)
:'''Nacker:''' Looks like our collection work is proceeding apace. There's no time to lose, let's go to the next location.

;(Retrieve the anchor - if this is the second one)
:'''Nacker:''' This is the last Survey Anchor. Let's return to the Institute.
:'''Chronie:''' I'm curious. Did any of the adventurers who responded to the recruitment come and get this kind of Survey Anchor?
:'''Nacker:''' Of course, and there were quite a few. This Survey Anchor retrieval test is part of the qualification review.
:'''Nacker:''' After the initial phase of the qualification review, they will try to make contact with the Survey Anchors under the supervision of Institute researchers.
:'''Chronie:''' They...
:'''Nacker:''' They consumed a lot of our antiemetics.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Go to the Institute of Clockwork Applications and retrieve the Anchor
|zhs     = 前往「发条应用研究院」取回桩锚
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 前往「發條應用研究院」取回樁錨
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 「クロックワーク応用研究院」に行ってアンカーを取り戻す
|ja_rm   = "Kurokkuwaaku Ouyou Kenkyuuin" ni Itte Ankaa wo Torimodosu
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 「태엽 응용 연구원」에 있는 앵커 회수
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La baliza de la Escuela de Mecánica Aplicada
|es_tl   = The Applied Mechanics School Beacon
|fr      = Récupérez l'ancre à l'École des applications horlogoïdes.
|fr_tl   = Retrieve the Anchor in the School of {{Lex|Clockwork|fr}} Applications.
|ru      = Отправляйтесь в Институт прикладного использования механизмов и заберите якорь
|ru_tl   = Go to the Institute of Applied Use of Mechanisms and take the Anchor
|th      = ไปที่ "สถาบันวิจัยเครื่องลานประยุกต์" เพื่อเก็บหมุดกลับมา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đến Viện Ứng Dụng Dây Cót Thu Hồi Bệ Thăm Dò
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geh zum „Forschungszentrum für angewandte Uhrwerktechnik“ und hole den Anker.
|de_tl   = Go to the "Research Center for Applied Clockwork Technology" and Get the Anchor.
|id      = Pergi ke "Institut Aplikasi Roda Gigi" dan ambil Suarnya
|id_tl   = Go to the "Institute of Gear Application" and retrieve the Beacon
|pt      = Vá para a Escola de Aplicações Mecânicas e recupere as âncoras
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kurmalı Cihazlar Enstitüsüne git ve Dayanağı geri al
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Vai all'Istituto di applicazioni meccaniche e recupera il rilevatore
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}