{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74087
|image         = World Quest Go to the Institute Dormitories and retrieve the Anchor.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Fontaine Research Institute Chronicles
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Chronie; Nacker; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region
|subarea       = 
|poi           = Institute Dormitories
|parent        = Fontaine Research Institute, Stagnating in the Rubble
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Primogem*20;Mora*25,000
}}
'''''Go to the Institute Dormitories and retrieve the Anchor''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region]], [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Institute Dormitories]]
# Retrieve the Survey Anchor

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You arrived at the new Fontaine Research Institute and met with co-administrators Raimondo and Choiseul. After a long, mind-numbing conversation, you were tasked to escort Nacker and retrieve the last two Anchors.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the dormitories)
:'''Chronie:''' Is this where researchers spent their downtime? Is this even humane? Has the Fontaine Research Institute ever considered making renovating this place a priority?
:'''Nacker:''' ...There should be a Survey Anchor here. Just like Ms. Chronie implied, this place needs renovation, and the power supply here is very limited... Or perhaps I should say, there's a complete shortage.
:'''Nacker:''' While I'm answering Ms. Chronie's questions, I'll leave the job of recovering the Survey Anchor to you, {{Traveler}}.

;(Talk to Chronie and Nacker, optional)
:'''Nacker:''' Compared to some other areas, the dormitories weren't impacted as much by the explosion.
:'''Chronie:''' Dormitories? But I don't see even one bed here, so how do the researchers get any rest? It's not like they can sleep in chairs, right?
:'''Nacker:''' Ms. Chronie, your idea of "resting" is very different from that of the researchers.
:'''Nacker:''' When a researcher at the Fontaine Research Institute says they need rest, they only want a quick break for their brain.
:'''Nacker:''' Then, they would usually come here, play piano, read, and have a drink or two if necessary.
:'''Chronie:''' Uh, but wouldn't sleeping provide more rest for the brain?
:'''Nacker:''' You may be correct, but... To our researchers, sleeping is a waste of time in the first place.
:'''Chronie:''' Sleeping is a waste of time? No, it is essential for rest!
:'''Nacker:''' Sleeping completely cuts your train of thought short, and that's just not acceptable for our research work.
:{{DIcon}} (Keep listening...)
::'''Chronie:''' Are you being serious? If you don't sleep, the only thing that'll be cut short is your life!
::'''Nacker:''' Not necessarily. The institute boasts an excellent health care system that guarantees researchers' health and well-being.
::'''Chronie:''' But that's still no reason to not sleep!
::'''Chronie:''' Also, if researchers are here to give their brains a break, wouldn't that break their thought process from research, anyway?
::'''Nacker:''' Not necessarily. It only seems like they're taking a break when actually, they're still pondering different academic subjects subconsciously.
::'''Nacker:''' It's akin to a vast ocean that, while appearing calm on the surface, still has a strong undercurrent beneath.
::'''Nacker:''' Sometimes, the undercurrents below are much stronger than the towering waves above.
::'''Chronie:''' I get it. You mean when researchers of the Fontaine Research Institute are on a project, they must keep working and are not allowed to rest, right?
::'''Nacker:''' That is not completely fair to say. If they truly need sleep, they're free to go back home and do just that.
::'''Chronie:''' So, it is fairer to say that as long as researchers of the Fontaine Research Institute are inside the Institute, they must keep working and are not allowed to rest.
::'''Nacker:''' Your rhetoric is simply astound, Ms. Chronie.
:{{DIcon}} (Quit listening...)

;(Retrieve the anchor - if this is the first one)
:'''Nacker:''' Looks like our collection work is proceeding apace. There's no time to lose, let's go to the next location.

;(Retrieve the anchor - if this is the second one)
:'''Nacker:''' This is the last Survey Anchor. Let's return to the Institute.
:'''Chronie:''' I'm curious. Did any of the adventurers who responded to the recruitment come and get this kind of Survey Anchor?
:'''Nacker:''' Of course, and there were quite a few. This Survey Anchor retrieval test is part of the qualification review.
:'''Nacker:''' After the initial phase of the qualification review, they will try to make contact with the Survey Anchors under the supervision of Institute researchers.
:'''Chronie:''' They...
:'''Nacker:''' They consumed a lot of our antiemetics.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Go to the Institute Dormitories and retrieve the Anchor
|zhs     = 前往「科学院宿舍」取回桩锚
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 前往「科學院宿舍」取回樁錨
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 「科学院宿舎」に行って、アンカーを取り戻す
|ja_rm   = "Kagakuin Shukusha" ni Itte, Ankaa wo Torimodosu
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 「과학원 숙소」에 있는 앵커 회수
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La baliza de la Residencia del Instituto de Ciencias
|es_tl   = The Science Institute Residence Beacon
|fr      = Récupérez l'ancre aux Dortoirs de l'Institut.
|fr_tl   = Retrieve the Anchor in the Institute Dormitories.
|ru      = Отправляйтесь в общежитие Исследовательского института и заберите якорь
|ru_tl   = Go to the Research Institute Dormitory and take the Anchor
|th      = ไปที่ "หอพักศูนย์วิทยาศาสตร์" เพื่อเก็บหมุดกลับมา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đến Ký Túc Xá Viện Khoa Học, Thu Hồi Bệ Thăm Dò
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geh zum „Wohnheim des Instituts“ und hole den Anker.
|de_tl   = Go to the "Institute's Dormitory" and Get the Anchor.
|id      = Pergi ke Asrama Institut dan ambil Suar
|id_tl   = Go to the Institute Dormitories and Take the Beacon
|pt      = Vá para o Dormitório do Instituto e recupere a âncora
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Koğuşlara git ve Dayanağı geri al.
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Vai ai dormitori dell'Istituto e recupera il rilevatore
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}