{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Lore
}}
{{Lang|'''Gods'''|zh=神|zh_rm=Shén}} are beings from the [[Human Realm]] with great control over elemental energy and whose lifespans are much longer than that of mortals. Most gods on Teyvat are beholden to [[Celestia]], although several gods have displayed wariness or even resentment towards the heavenly citadel.

Before the [[Archon War]], many gods roamed the continent of [[Teyvat]]. For reasons unknown, seven divine seats opened up in Celestia,<ref name="TLTF1">{{Ref/Quest|Treasure Lost, Treasure Found (Part 1)}}</ref><ref name="TLTF2">{{Ref/Quest|Treasure Lost, Treasure Found (Part 2)}}</ref> causing the continent to descend into a protracted series of conflicts that ended 2000 years ago. Over the course of the war, most gods were slain or sealed until only seven victors remained; each victor became their respective element's Archon and became the rulers of one of the seven nations,<ref group="Note">It is currently unclear whether the seven nations' territories were already determined before the start of the Archon War or not.</ref> using their powers to transform its terrain and governing the land according to their ideals.

==Overview==
Very little is currently known about the origins of gods. As evidenced by [[Andrius]] and [[Barbatos]], gods can be elevated from a lower existence and given powers from another god.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Venti|4}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Andrius}}</ref> [[Morax]], [[Raiden Makoto]], and [[Raiden Ei]]'s origins have been left a mystery, and have presently been referred to as gods since the start of their recorded histories.<!-- Ei refers to herself as "the most supreme and terrifying incarnation of lightning in the whole of Teyvat."<ref>{{Ref/VO|Raiden Shogun|When Thunder Strikes}}</ref>-->

In the past, gods were expected to have a love for humanity, and use their powers as gods to guide and protect humanity; Andrius, who held a low opinion of human society, was viewed as an oddity.<ref name="BWMT">{{Ref/Item|Boreal Wolf's Milk Tooth}}</ref><ref name="wolfnost">{{Ref/Item|Boreal Wolf's Nostalgia}}</ref> However, after The Seven were established and its original members passed on, the newer archons no longer upheld the duty of guiding humanity.<ref name="ZLS5">{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|5}}</ref>

Gods cannot be completely destroyed &mdash; even if a god's physical form is destroyed, their consciousness is worn away, and they are considered "dead," their emotions and power remain effective.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Xiao|1}}</ref> [[Havria]]'s relics kept their special properties thousands of years after her death and were ultimately thrown into the ocean by [[Zhongli]] so that humanity would not seek the power of a long-dead deity. Gods who place their power into the land, such as Andrius and [[Marchosius]], may be considered "dead" but can continue manifesting in the world afterwards,<ref name="3TGR">{{Ref/Quest|Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go}}</ref> although how this works is currently unclear.<ref group="Note">Andrius is explicitly stated to have died but can manifest himself at Wolvendom to answer a challenge and is fully conscious with his memories intact. Marchosius was only described as having entered a deep slumber, but he manifested at the shrine while Xiangling was asleep with the suggestion that he was not present when she entered the shrine. As a result of placing his power into the land, Marchosius also lost most of his mental faculties and is no longer capable of speech, unlike Andrius.</ref>

Upon death, a god's power flows out of their body and into the surrounding environment. The consequences of a god's death vary greatly, so what determines the result is currently unclear. Andrius was able to control the flow of power and use it to the benefit of the land when he voluntarily chose death.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Spirit Locket of Boreas}}</ref> The power released upon Havria's death salinized her adherents and [[Sal Terrae]] was sealed off afterwards,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Farewell, Sweet Salt}}</ref> but the region as a whole has shown no ill effects following her death. Meanwhile, a god's hatred will have negative effects on the surrounding environment and the people who reside there; for example, the [[Tatarigami]] on [[Yashiori Island]] afflicted inhabitants of the island with mysterious diseases and drove others to insanity.

The Seven have come up with various ways of counteracting such effects, such as the [[Yakshas]] in Liyue who fight against the power of ancient gods,<ref>HoYoLAB: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/180703 Developer Insight #4: Character Stories (I) - "Vigilant Yaksha" Xiao (Part I)]</ref> and the wards around Inazuma used to suppress the likes of Tatarigami and [[Kanna Kapatcir]]'s power.

==Story==
===Ancient History===
Based on current knowledge, most if not all gods came into being after the establishment of the [[Human Realm]] and hold the Human Realm's power, making them incompatible with the [[Light Realm]] and [[Void Realm]]'s powers under normal circumstances.<ref name="Experimental Records">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|4}}</ref> Elemental [[dragons]] hold power equal to a god's.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Breeze Amidst the Forest|1}}</ref>

===Archon War===
{{See also|Archon War}}
The Archon War was a prolonged conflict between gods for supremacy that began several thousand years ago and ended two thousand years ago. It is unclear how long ago the War began or why it did; however, before then, gods were able to live together peacefully.<ref name="TLTF1" /><ref name="TLTF2" />

The [[Guili Assembly]], established by [[Guizhong]] and Morax in [[Guili Plains]] in the distant past, was one civilization destroyed during the chaos of the Archon War, scattering their people across Liyue. 3700 years ago, and an unknown time after the fall of the Guili Assembly, Morax gathered his people, took them south of Mt. Tianheng, and established Liyue Harbor. Some time afterwards, [[Havria]] was murdered by her own people for being weak, and the survivors of [[Sal Terrae]] were scattered across Liyue. [[Osial]] and [[Chi]] were both subdued by Morax, along with countless other gods.

2600 years ago, in the midst of the Archon War, the God of Blizzards [[Andrius]] warred against the God of Storms, [[Decarabian]]. In their bitter stalemate, Barbatos challenged Decarabian for the freedom of Decarabian's people and emerged victorious. After Decarabian's death, Barbatos became the new Anemo Archon,<ref> Venti's [[Venti/Lore#Character Stories|Character Stories]]</ref> while Andrius decided himself unfit for the position and chose to pass on instead, using his winds to nurture the new Mondstadt that Barbatos created.<ref name="wolfnost" />

In [[Inazuma]], the twin gods Raiden Makoto and Raiden Ei emerged victorious, with Makoto assuming the position of Electro Archon and her sister sharing many of her duties while acting as her kagemusha.

Around 2000 years ago, the Archon War drew to a close as the seventh and final victor claimed their seat. These victors were thereafter known as the [[Seven Archons]]. Gods who refused to live under their rule fled to islands within the Dark Sea, regions beyond the control of The Seven, where they became evil gods.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Bit of Aerosiderite}}</ref>

Of the seven victors of the Archon War, only two remain by the start of the game's story: Barbatos and Morax.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/kTeoJLD8U0Y Version 1.1 "A New Star Approaches" Trailer description]</ref><ref name="Solitary Fragrance">{{Ref/Quest|Solitary Fragrance}}</ref> While Raiden Ei was present during the Archon War, she did not assume the position of Electro Archon until her twin sister Makoto perished during the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago. Most of [[The Seven]]'s current members replaced the original founders of Teyvat's seven nations, with the Dendro Archon as the newest of them at 500 years old.

===Present Day===
Among The Seven, each Archon is associated with and worshipped by one of Teyvat's seven nations. The nation's elemental environment is based on its Archon's element.

An Archon's power is directly tied to their level of control over their nation. As a result, [[Venti]] &mdash; who travels as a bard and refuses to directly control the people of Mondstadt &mdash; is, by his own admission, extremely weak by Archon standards,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Abyss Mage (Quest)}}</ref> while the Tsaritsa is extremely powerful.

Humans whom the gods have recognized will be given a Vision, a God's Eye, which allows them to manipulate elemental energy. Wielders of Visions are known as "[[allogene]]s" and are also privileged with the chance of rising to godhood.

An Archon's role relative to Visions is currently unclear; this is by design, as there are restrictions on what the Archons can say about the distribution of Visions.<ref name="ei vision dialogue">{{Ref/VO|Raiden Shogun|About the Vision}}</ref> Ever since the Electro Archon [[Ei]] enacted the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] a year before the events of the [[Archon Quests]], no new Electro Visions have appeared in all of Teyvat, leading scholars to conclude that the Archons' wills play a role.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Endless Research}}</ref> However, the Archons do not have direct control over the distribution of Visions, as evidenced when news of the lack of new Electro Vision bearers came as a complete surprise to Ei.<ref name="ei vision dialogue" />

==List of Gods==
===The Seven Archons===
{{Transclude|The Seven|Members|main=1|top=1}}

===Other Gods===
Other gods referenced throughout stories and equipment descriptions in Teyvat:
{| class="article-table"
!Name!!Title!!Region!!Status
|-
|[[Scarlet King|Al-Ahmar]]<br />(Male)
|King Deshret
|Sumeru
|Deceased
|-
|[[Andrius]]<br />(Male)
|Lupus Boreas
|Mondstadt
|Deceased<br />(Spirit remains extant)<ref>{{Ref/Item|Tail of Boreas}}</ref>
|-
|[[Beisht]]<br />(Female)
|Avenger of the Vortex
|Liyue
|Alive
|-
|[[Decarabian]]<br />(Male)
|The God of Storms; Lord of the Tower; Anemo Archon<ref group="Note">The Chinese version of [[Scattered Piece of Decarabian's Dream]]'s description refers to Decarabian as a {{zh|风神|tl=Wind God}}, which is a term typically translated as "Anemo Archon" in the English translation. As a result, the English version calls Decarabian an Anemo Archon even though he was not one of The Seven Archons; Barbatos, who ascended to godhood after Decarabian's fall, is the first and only Anemo Archon among The Seven.</ref>
|Mondstadt
|Deceased
|-
|[[Guhua]]<br />(Male)
|?
|Liyue
| Ascended to Celestia
|-
|[[Guizhong|Haagentus]]<br />(Female)
|Known as [[Guizhong]]; The God of Dust
|Liyue
|Deceased<ref name="STC1">{{Ref/Book|Stone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I}}</ref>
|-
|[[Havria]]<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Sal Flore}}</ref><br />(Female)
|The God of Salt<ref>{{Ref/Book|Diary of Roald the Adventurer}}</ref>
|Liyue
|Deceased<ref>{{Ref/Book|Customs of Liyue|1|Flower Ball}}</ref>
|-
|[[Istaroth]]<br />(Female)
|The God of Time;<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Time and Wind}}</ref> The God of Moments;<ref>{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2|Before Sun and Moon}}</ref> Tokoyo Ookami
|Mondstadt<br />Enkanomiya
|?
|-
|[[Guoba|Marchosius]]<br />(Male)
|The God of the Stove; Patron God of the Soil<ref name="3TGR" />
|Liyue
|Revived as "Guoba"
|-
<!--|[[Kanna Kapatcir]]<br />(Female)
|Great Eagle of the Storm; the Thunderbird
|Inazuma
|Deceased
|-
-->
|Naberius<ref> Albedo's Character Story: [[Albedo/Lore#Character Story 4|Character Story 4]]</ref><ref group="Note">Naberius has a Goetic name, much like many other gods; furthermore, the item it is named in is called the {{lang|[[Heart of Naberius]]|zh=纳贝里士之心}}, which is reminiscent of the Chinese term for {{lang|[[Gnoses]]|zh=神之心|zh_tl=Heart of God.}}</ref><br />(Unknown)
|?
|?
|Deceased
|-
|[[Nabu Malikata]]<br />(Female)
|The Goddess of Flowers; The Mistress of Dreams
|Sumeru
|Deceased
|-
|[[Osial]]<br />(Male)
|Overlord of the Vortex
|Liyue
|Sealed
|-
|[[Orobashi]]<br />(Ambiguous)
|Watatsumi Omikami; the "great serpent"<ref group="Note">Inazuma Travel Highlights; the Chinese and Japanese versions of Serpent's Head describe Watatsumi Omikami as a {{zh|魔神|tl=demon god}}.</ref>
|Inazuma
|Deceased
|-
|[[Vennessa]]<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Dr. Edith}}</ref><br />(Female)
|Falcon of the West; Dandelion Knight; Lionfang Knight
|Mondstadt
|Ascended to Celestia
|-
|?<br />(Unknown)
|[[Primordial One]]<br />The Progenitor God; Great Sovereign; Eternal Throne of the Heavens
|?
|?
|-
|?<br />(Unknown)
|[[Second Who Came]]<br />Second Throne of the Heavens
|?
|?
|-
| ?<br />(Female)
|[[Unknown God]]<br />The sustainer of Heavenly Principles
|?
|?<!--Dying<ref> [[Traveler]]</ref>-->
|-
|?<br />(Male)
|The Sea God<ref>{{Ref/Book|Records of Jueyun|2|Palace Beneath the Sea}}</ref>
|Liyue
|?
|-
|?<br />(Unknown)
|Unknown (the ancient god who gave Andrius his powers)<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Wolf of the North Challenge}}</ref>
|Mondstadt
|Deceased
|-
|?<br />(Unknown)
|The God of Thieves<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Involuntary Sacrifice}}</ref>
|?
|?
|-
|?<br />(Unknown)
|The God of Hot Pot<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Flower Blooms in a Prison}}</ref>
|?
|?
|-
|?<br />(Unknown)
|Unknown (The evil god to whom [[Shenhe]] was to be sacrificed)<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Bygones Times Like Dust Passing}}</ref>
|Liyue
|Deceased
|-
|?<br />(Unknown)
|Golden God<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Oathsworn Eye|Lore}}</ref><ref group="Note">In the Chinese text, "Golden God" is {{zh|贵金之神|tl=God of Precious Metal.}} {{zh|贵金|rm=Guìjīn}}, which was translated as "Golden," is likely truncated from the word {{zh|{{wt|貴金屬|贵金属|Chinese}}|rm=Guìjīnshǔ|tl=precious metal,}} which usually refers to coinage metals. As such, it may refer to Morax, but so far there is no other information that directly links Morax and Orobashi.</ref>
|?
|?
|-
|?<br />(Unknown)
|Unknown (Xiao's former master)<ref>{{Ref/CS|Xiao|2}}</ref>
|Liyue
|Deceased
|-
|}

==Trivia==
*The term God is unisex, with female figures like Ei and Nahida being referred to as Gods rather than Goddesses. This is not absolute however, such as with The Goddess of Flowers.
*Each gemstone used for [[Character Ascension Material|ascension]] has the words and blessings from The Seven for the reader.
*Gods can take whatever form they please; Morax has taken the form of a young man, a woman, and an elderly man,<ref>{{Ref/Book|Rex Incognito}}</ref> with [[Zhongli]] as his most recent vessel. Venti's vessel is based on the [[Nameless Bard]]'s.
**Vessels constructed through an archon's power have different compositions from regular human bodies; for example, Venti cannot be healed normally (in story, not in gameplay), while Zhongli indicates that he cannot get sick. That said, Venti is somehow allergic to cats. These human vessels are nonetheless not untouchable, as Venti is visibly winded and knocked unconscious from La Signora's attack.
*Due to stylistic choices made by original Chinese text and the English localization, some of the terminology pertaining to gods has been the subject of debate.
**In Chinese, gods before the rise of The Seven are often distinguished by including {{zh|烈风的魔神|tl=Demon God of Gales}} was localized as "God of Storms," while [[Guizhong]]'s {{zh|尘王魔神|tl=Dust Lord Demon God}} was localized as "Lord of Dust" and Osial's {{zh|漩涡之魔神|tl=Demon God of Vortexes}} was localized as "Overlord of the Vortex."
**Conversely, the term "Archon" is used in the English localization to denote The Seven's members, based on the game's Gnostic inspiration. However, there is no equivalent term in their Chinese titles, which led to early localization issues where many instances of {{zh|神|rm=shén|tl=god}} were indiscriminately translated as "archon" without taking context into account. In Version 1.3, the English localization adjusted most instances of "archon" to primarily refer to The Seven, but some instances have not been changed.
***The Chinese name for [[Archon Quests]] is {{zh|魔神任务|tl=Demon God Quests}}, indicating that the Traveler's journey will involve the gods of old and not just The Seven.
**The original Chinese text distinguishes some of [[Morax]]'s accomplishments before becoming one of The Seven with the title {{zh|岩之魔神|tl=Demon God of Geo}}, as seen in ''[[Heart of Glaze]]'' and Zhongli's Character Story, [[Zhongli/Lore#That Which Rises From the Sea|That Which Rises From the Sea]]. In both instances, the English localization opted to translate the title as "Geo Archon" anyways. While ''Heart of Glaze'' made no attempt to distinguish the phrase from typical occurrences of "Geo Archon" (which would normally be either {{zh|岩神}} or {{zh|岩之神}}), ''That Which Rises From the Sea'' added the phrase "long before he took that title" to clarify that the story occurred before Morax became one of The Seven.

===Etymology===
* The term "{{wt|archon}}" is a Greek word that refers to "A person who claims the right to rule, or to exercise power or sovereign authority over other human beings." Genshin Impact uses its {{w|Gnosticism|Gnostic}} usage,<ref>Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/read/cv10739818 {{Zh|日本女性向杂志「}}PASH{{Zh|」采访原神开发者}}]</ref> in which the {{w|Archons (Gnosticism)|archons}} are seven supernatural beings subservient to the {{w|demiurge}}, the creator of the material universe who is beneath the {{w|Monad (Gnosticism)|Monad}}, the true God. Each archon presides over one of the {{w|Classical planet|seven planets}}. By reaching ''{{w|gnosis}}'', an understanding of divine knowledge, one can transcend the confines of the mortal world and escape the dominion of the archons.
** In Manichaeism, a religion derived from Gnosticism, there are five archons who together make up the Prince of Darkness. Here, the Archons are seen as an undeniably evil force.
** "{{w|Allogenes}}", also known as the "Stranger," is a Gnostic figure who is half-human, half-divine, and has the power to communicate with other realms. In some writings about Allogenes, he is said to have become fully divine.
* The Chinese term for gods that predate The Seven, {{zh|魔神|tl=demon god}}, stems from the standard Chinese translation for the {{w|List of demons in the Ars Goetia|demons in the Ars Goetia}} &mdash; from which a deity's name is derived &mdash; is {{zh|所罗门七十二柱'''魔神'''|tl={{w|zh:所羅門七十二柱魔神|Solomon's 72 Demon Gods}}}}.
** {{w|Barbatos}}, {{w|Morax_(demon)|Morax}}, {{w|Baal}}, {{w|Buer_(demon)|Buer}}, {{w|Paimon}}, and {{w|Naberius}} are directly lifted from the Ars Goetia.
*** Beelzebul is an alternate spelling of {{w|Beelzebub}}, who is associated with Baal but is not from the Ars Goetia.
** Focalors is derived from {{w|Focalor}}.
** Decarabian is derived from {{w|Decarabia}}.
** Marchosius is derived from {{w|Marchosias}}.
** Andrius may be derived from {{w|List_of_demons_in_the_Ars_Goetia#Andras|Andras}}, or {{w|Andrealphus}} based on his Chinese name. (See [[Andrius#Etymology|Andrius' Etymology section]] for details.)
** Havria is a feminized form of Havres, a corruption/misinterpretation of {{w|Flauros}}.
** Osial appears to be a portmanteau of {{w|Ose}} and either {{w|Belial}} or {{w|Furfur}}, the latter based on its Chinese name. (See [[Osial#Etymology|Osial's Etymology section]] for details.)
** Haagentus, the other name of Guizhong, is derived from {{w|Haagenti}}.
** Orobashi is derived from {{w|Orobas}}.
** Istaroth is derived from {{w|Astaroth}}.
* The Chinese and Japanese term for Allogene is {{Lang|"proto-god"|zh=原神|zh_rm=Yuánshén|ja=原神|ja_rm=Genshin|ja_lit=original god" or "primordial god|sort=zh,ja}}, the same word used in the game's title.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = God / Archon
|en_note  = Distinction between "God" and "Archon" is inconsistent within and across languages. See [[#Notes|translation notes]] for details.
|zhs      = 魔神 / 神
|zhs_rm   = Móshén / Shén
|zht      = 魔神 / 神
|zht_rm   = Móshén / Shén
|zh_tl    = Demon God / God
|ja       = 魔神 / 神
|ja_rm    = Majin<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Equilibrium|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref> / Kami<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Bird's Eye View|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl    = Demon God / God
|ja_note  = {{ja|神}} is read as ''shin'' or ''jin'' when used as a suffix.
|ko       = {{tt|마신|魔神}} / {{tt|신|神}}
|ko_rm    = Masin / Sin
|ko_tl    = Demon God / God
|es       = Dios / Arconte
|es_tl    = God / Archon
|fr       = Dieu / Archon
|fr_tl    = God / Archon
|ru       = Бог / Архонт
|ru_tl    = God / Archon
|th       = เทพปีศาจ / เทพ
|th_rm    = Thep Pisat / Thep
|th_tl    = Demon God / God
|vi       = {{tt|Ma Thần|魔神}} / {{tt|Thần|神}}
|vi_tl    = Demon God / God
|de       = Gott / Archon
|de_tl    = God / Archon
|id       = Dewa / Archon
|id_tl    = God / Archon
|pt       = Deus / Arconte
|pt_tl    = God / Archon
|tr       = 
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = 
|it_tl    = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|World}}

[[Category:Gods| ]]

[[de:Götter]]
[[es:Arconte]]
[[ja:神]]
[[pt-br:Deuses]]
[[ru:Архонты]]
[[vi:Thần]]
[[zh:魔神]]