{{Item Infobox
|id           = 120919
|image        = Item Goddess's Manuscript (I).png
|type         = Quest Items
|description  = A story written by the creator of this world. This is the blueprint that birthed Simulanka, a history that brooks no doubt.
|source1      = [[Narration Footnotes]]
|event        = Summertide Scales and Tales
}}
'''Goddess's Manuscript (I)''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during the {{Quest|Narration Footnotes}}.

==Text==
...<br><!--
-->Brave Francois mounted the haystack,<br><!--
-->picked up a fork<br><!--
-->and planted it tines-down atop the mountain<br><!--
-->of grass. Behind him was a large,<br><!--
-->bright moon.<br><br><!--
-->He shouted out the names of everyone<br><!--
-->in the village. The Village Chief<br><!--
-->was first to be named, and so frightened<br><!--
-->was he that he wished<br><!--
-->to climb up the haystack<br><!--
-->And stop up Francois's mouth.<br><!--
-->"Are you crazy!? You're yelling so loudly<br><!--
-->the dragon might show up!"<br><!--
-->"You good-for-nothing!<br><!--
-->Have you not seen how the windmill<br><!--
-->everyone built has been destroyed<br><!--
-->by the dragon!?<br><!--
-->And here you are,<br><!--
-->worrying if it'll return!?" Francois<br><!--
-->really would have loved to kick him off<br><!--
-->the haystack, but held back<br><!--
-->given that the Chief, too,<br><!--
-->was worried for the villagers'<br><!--
-->safety.<br><!--
-->Francois saw that nigh all<br><!--
-->the villagers had arrived,<br><!--
-->and so he cleared his throat.<br><!--
-->"Dear neighbors and kin,<br><!--
-->think you still that we must endure this?"<br><!--
-->"No, of course not, but we cannot<br><!--
-->do anything about the dragon,"<br><!--
-->said the grocer.<br><!--
-->"Who says so? Did I not leap onto its neck<br><!--
-->from the windmill blades,<br><!--
-->stepping on it twice, and did<br><!--
-->it not fall down and flee?"<br><!--
-->Perhaps everyone worked so hard<br><!--
-->to build the mill<br><!--
-->that was destroyed, everyone's emotions<br><!--
-->beca{{Obf|1}}e {{Obf|1}}nflamed.<br><!--
-->Lift{{Obf|1}}n{{Obf|2}}their fists, they decided<br><!--
-->to tak{{Obf|3}}n the dragon!<br><!--
-->But Francois lifted his own hands,<br><!--
-->and calmed the crowd:<br><!--
-->"Let us go home for today, everyone.<br><!--
-->Everyone's present<br><!--
-->lack of self-preservation is not bravery,<br><!--
-->but rather wrath.<br><!--
-->If we yet desire to face danger after<br><!--
-->calming ourselves, only then may we<br><!--
-->truthfully call our sentiment 'valor.'"<br><!--
-->So everyone went home.<br><!--
-->The next day, there were still many<br><!--
-->youngsters who wished to follow<br><!--
-->Francois to take on the wicked dragon.<br><!--
-->.....<br><!--
-->Who would have known that the valiant<br><!--
-->possess the protection of the goddess's<br><!--
-->Radiant Charter? Encountering true "valor,"<br><!--
-->The dragon could neither spout fire<br><!--
-->nor slash with claws, and was forced to<br><!--
-->allow the other party<br><!--
-->to call pauses and switch personnel.<br><!--
-->And so, after several days<br><!--
-->and nights of fierce fighting, the<br><!--
-->wicked dragon could no longer bear it,<br><!--
-->and chose to surrender.<br><!--
-->...<br><!--
-->A.A.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Goddess's Manuscript (I)
|zhs     = 女神的手稿・其一
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 女神的手稿・其一
|zht_rm  = 
|ja      = 女神の手稿・1
|ja_rm   = Megami no Shukou - Ichi
|ko      = 여신의 원고・첫 번째
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Manuscrito de la diosa (I)
|fr      = Manuscrit de la déesse (1)
|ru      = Рукопись богини I
|th      = ต้นฉบับของเทพธิดา I
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Bản Thảo Của Nữ Thần (I)
|de      = Manuskript der Göttin I
|id      = Manuskrip Seorang Dewi (I)
|pt      = Manuscrito da Deusa I
|tr      = Tanrıçanın Taslak Metni (I)
|it      = Manoscritto della Dea (I)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[pt-br:Manuscrito da Deusa I]]