{{Item Infobox
|id           = 120920
|image        = Item Goddess's Manuscript (II).png
|type         = Quest Items
|description  = A handwritten manuscript penned by a fairytale writer. For some reason, there is a hole in the paper that resembles...
|source1      = [[Narration Footnotes]]
|event        = Summertide Scales and Tales
}}
'''Goddess's Manuscript (II)''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during the {{Quest|Narration Footnotes}}.

==Text==
...<br><!--
-->Wise Antonio, in the basement<br><!--
-->of the crumbling house,<br><!--
-->began reading the ancient book<br><!--
-->he had found. His oil<br><!--
-->lamp shook from time to time<br><!--
-->as the swaying structure above-ground<br><!--
-->collapsed.<br><!--
-->The village was to be symbolically razed<br><!--
-->by the dragon, and he<br><!--
-->had been chosen by the dragon,<br><!--
-->for he had not returned home. But<br><!--
-->Antonio did not care.<br><!--
-->He only wished to study<br><!--
-->the book the old lady had given him<br><!--
-->on the bridge he passed today.<br><!--
-->This book was titled the<br><!--
-->"Radiant{{Obf|1}}C{{Obf|1}}arter," and within<br><!--
-->was re{{Obf|1}}or{{Obf|2}}d all the rules that<br><!--
-->every bei{{Obf|3}}in Simulanka<br><!--
-->must follow. It was written in the language<br><!--
-->of world's creation at the very start,<br><!--
-->and if Antonio was not possessed of<br><!--
-->extraordinary wisdom, and deciphered this<br><!--
-->primordial text, there would have been<br><!--
-->no study to be had.<br><!--
-->This book recorded no solutions<br><!--
-->as to resolving the difficulty<br><!--
-->that Constellation Satellite<br><!--
-->presently faced, nor did it contain<br><!--
-->any hexes that could aid<br><!--
-->Antonio in repairing his own home.<br><!--
-->But he knew<br><!--
-->that wisdom was the mightiest thing<br><!--
-->in the world.<br><!--
-->The morning light shone through<br><!--
-->the ruins of his home, and the neighboring<br><!--
-->blacksmith and chubby chief took<br><!--
-->great pains to get rid of the house's<br><!--
-->wreckage, which blocked the basement hatch.<br><!--
-->With dark circles about his eyes,<br><!--
-->Antonio said to the chubby chief:<br><!--
-->"I shall defeat the dragon.<br><!--
-->I will return soon."<br><!--
-->"Are you sure you're alright?<br><!--
-->You don't look like you got any sleep."<br><!--
-->"Just smoke from the oil lamp.<br><!--
-->Don't worry about it."<br><!--
-->...<br><!--
-->The dragon sat atop a mountain<br><!--
-->of treasures, gazing down<br><!--
-->at insignificant little Antonio walking<br><!--
-->closer. Flames gathered<br><!--
-->in its throat, preparing to burn<br><!--
-->the area one centimeter before him,<br><!--
-->all the better to scare this puny,<br><!--
-->foolish creature away.<br><!--
-->"Halt! I'm a qualified 2nd-class Meister!<br><!--
-->The 'Radiant Charter' states that<br><!--
-->should I refuse a duel, you cannot<br><!--
-->use force."<br><!--
-->This restriction did indeed exist,<br><!--
-->and so the wicked dragon<br><!--
-->swallowed its flames whole &mdash; ah, how it<br><!--
-->dreaded going to the toilet tomorrow.<br><!--
-->Antonio, for his part, had not expected<br><!--
-->that the 2nd-class<br><!--
-->rust-clearing Meister qualification exam he<br><!--
-->had taken on a lark would come in useful.<br><!--
-->"And since I am a 2nd-class<br><!--
-->Meister, I propose<br><!--
-->a duel of riddles. You cannot refuse!"<br><!--
-->Now, Simulanka had just such a law, mainly<br><!--
-->for the benefit of sphinxes, old sages, and<br><!--
-->princesses who wished to make life hard for<br><!--
-->others. The evil dragon had not expected<br><!--
-->this rule to catch up with it.<br><!--
-->"I shall ask the first question:<br><!--
-->My house sold for 8,000 Mora yesterday<br><!--
-->But I thought there was room<br><!--
-->to raise the price, so I<br><!--
-->bought it back for 9,000,<br><!--
-->planning to sell it for 10,000.<br><!--
-->How much Mora did I lose in the end?"<br><!--
-->The dragon laughed in contempt.<br><!--
-->"What's so hard about that?<br><!--
-->You could have waited until<br><!--
-->it hit 10,000 to make your move,<br><!--
-->But you sold for 8,<br><!--
-->and bought for 9, so you<br><!--
-->lost 1,000 Mora, that you<br><!--
-->could have earned instead!"<br><!--
-->"Wrong. You burned my house<br><!--
-->down yesterday, and I couldn't<br><!--
-->sell it in time, so I've lost far more."<br><!--
-->"S&mdash;Sorry. I mean,<br><!--
-->I do have to burn a house, and you<br><!--
-->happened not to be home,<br><!--
-->so I might as well hit one that doesn't<br><!--
-->result in any loss of life."<br><!--
-->"Now that you've lost this<br><!--
-->contest, I have the right<br><!--
-->to loot of the same value<br><!--
-->as your life, minus 1 Mora.<br><!--
-->And considering that<br><!--
-->you've burned my house, I can<br><!--
-->seek damages. Let's assume that<br><!--
-->my house is worth just 1 Mora...<br><!--
-->Well, then, wicked dragon,<br><!--
-->you know what to do with yourself."<br><!--
-->"P&mdash;Please spare me. I'll give you<br><!--
-->anything!"<br><!--
-->"Your words, not mine," Antonio said<br><!--
-->as he pulled out a contract<br><!--
-->he had written long ago.<br><!--
-->...<br><!--
-->Thus did Antonio use his<br><!--
-->wisdom to take all the evil<br><!--
-->dragon's treasures.<br><!--
-->The dragon, devastated, would never<br><!--
-->again return to attack<br><!--
-->Constellation Satellite,<br><!--
-->where Antonio lived.<br><!--
-->Many years later, a child asked Antonio:<br><!--
-->"You sold your place for 8,000<br><!--
-->and spent 9,000 buying it back,<br><!--
-->so it looks like you actually<br><!--
-->did lose 1,000 Mora?"<br><br><!--
-->A.A.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Goddess's Manuscript (II)
|zhs     = 女神的手稿・其二
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 女神的手稿・其二
|zht_rm  = 
|ja      = 女神の手稿・2
|ja_rm   = Megami no Shukou - Ni
|ko      = 여신의 원고・두 번째
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Manuscrito de la diosa (II)
|fr      = Manuscrit de la déesse (2)
|ru      = Рукопись богини II
|th      = ต้นฉบับของเทพธิดา II
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Bản Thảo Của Nữ Thần (II)
|de      = Manuskript der Göttin II
|id      = Manuskrip Seorang Dewi (II)
|pt      = Manuscrito da Deusa II
|tr      = Tanrıçanın Taslak Metni (II)
|it      = Manoscritto della Dea (II)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[pt-br:Manuscrito da Deusa II]]