{{Item Infobox
|id           = 120921
|image        = Item Goddess's Manuscript (III).png
|type         = Quest Items
|description  = A mere fairytale, penned by most mundane hands. If you look closely, the holes in the paper were made by a cat's paw...
|source1      = [[Narration Footnotes]]
|event        = Summertide Scales and Tales
}}
'''Goddess's Manuscript (III)''' is a [[Quest Item]] obtained during the {{Quest|Narration Footnotes}}.

==Text==
...<br><!--
-->Galileo and Alberto did many good deeds<br><!--
-->again today. Though it was most tiring<br><!--
-->to help the old lady on the bridge<br><!--
-->move her barrels of hard apple cider,<br><!--
-->they each got a small barrel as their<br><!--
-->reward.<br><!--
-->The moonlight was unobstructed<br><!--
-->and beautiful, and the two good<br><!--
-->friends climbed up the high wall that had<br><!--
-->been built to stave the evil dragon off.<br><!--
-->Alberto lost the rock-paper-scissors match,<br><!--
-->so he had to hold the barrel of<br><!--
-->cider under the crook of his arm<br><!--
-->as they climbed the ladder.<br><!--
-->"Look, this is the big house<br><!--
-->that our chubby chief was so proud of!<br><!--
-->Doesn't look so big from here, huh?"<br><!--
-->said Alberto<br><!--
-->as he looked at the house.<br><!--
-->"You're wrong. That's my home,"<br><!--
-->said Galileo.<br><!--
-->"The chief's house is that one."<br><!--
-->Alberto's night vision was not all<br><!--
-->that good, and moonlight<br><!--
-->could never compare to daylight.<br><!--
-->If one were to close one's eyes,<br><!--
-->the light could not be seen at all.<br><!--
-->He tried a little harder, but<br><!--
-->could discern nothing more.<br><!--
-->"But it's also really small,"<br><!--
-->Galileo continued, "so there's<br><!--
-->nothing wrong with your statement."<br><!--
-->Galileo and Alberto were both<br><!--
-->rather perceptive<br><!--
-->people. Galileo's reply covered<br><!--
-->for Alberto's<br><!--
-->ciscomfort regarding his poor vision,<br><!--
-->while Alberto also lost<br><!--
-->the rock-paper-scissors match on purpose,<br><!--
-->so that he could carry<br><!--
-->the cider barrel, because<br><!--
-->the gears under Galileo's ribs<br><!--
-->were injured.<br><!--
-->"Here's to you."<br><!--
-->The two friends raised a toast<br><!--
-->once Alberto stuffed a cork<br><!--
-->back into the barrel.<br><br><!--
-->The next day, the two<br><!--
-->gathered everyone in the village<br><!--
-->plaza.<br><!--
-->First, they apologized for the collapse<br><!--
-->of the anti-dragon wall, and told<br><!--
-->all the people that they were preparing<br><!--
-->to have a talk with the evil dragon.<br><!--
-->"I know it was a lot of work for<br><!--
-->everyone to fix that wall, but we're<br><!--
-->not that fussed about it anyway,"<br><!--
-->the chubby chief said, "but are you<br><!--
-->sure you're not bragging when you say<br><!--
-->you knocked it down yourselves?"<br><!--
-->Of course, that was not the chief's point.<br><!--
-->He too was a good<br><!--
-->person. He continued, "Also,<br><!--
-->it's too dangerous<br><!--
-->to seek the dragon out."<br><!--
-->"Don't worry about us."<br><!--
-->And so, the two best friends<br><!--
-->in the whole world departed.<br><br><!--
-->The evil dragon trembled<br><!--
-->before Alberto and Galileo.<br><!--
-->For some reason, the old lady's liquor<br><!--
-->could make people<br><!--
-->grow very, very large.<br><!--
-->That was how they accidentally squashed<br><!--
-->the high walls the previous night.<br><!--
-->As they gazed down at the ground far below,<br><!--
-->they more or less understood<br><!--
-->how the dragon thought.<br><!--
-->No wonder it could accidentally<br><!--
-->destroy the village at its feet. So<br><!--
-->as long as they could<br><!--
-->get the dragon to notice<br><!--
-->people, they could surely<br><!--
-->come to an understanding.<br><!--
-->The two friends thus drank<br><!--
-->all the remaining magic cider, becoming<br><!--
-->even larger than the dragon<br><!--
-->by a good margin.<br><!--
-->Reeking of alcohol, they sandwiched<br><!--
-->the dragon between them, and drunkenly<br><!--
-->tried reas█ni█g with it.<br><!--
-->The drag█n ██riveled up in terror,<br><!--
-->all of its m███sty and fell aura<br><!--
-->forever gone, indeed,<br><!--
-->it even looked kind of pitiful.<br><!--
-->Alberto attempted to pick dirt<br><!--
-->off the scales on the dragon's back,<br><!--
-->but wound up picking off an entire scale.<br><!--
-->The dragon sought to flee,<br><!--
-->But Galileo, fearing that the crisis might<br><!--
-->persist for ten thousand years more<br><!--
-->if the misunderstanding was not cleared up,<br><!--
-->tugged its tail and dragged it right back.<br><!--
-->"To be honest, we've always lived<br><!--
-->under your feet, but we<br><!--
-->are far too small, so you may not have ever<br><!--
-->seen us. Now, we've transformed and<br><!--
-->become *burp* big." Galileo said, "So now,<br><!--
-->surely, you must know<br><!--
-->that we dwell at your feet."<br><!--
-->The dragon nodded repeatedly.<br><!--
-->And thus did the two and the dragon<br><!--
-->chat all night, and believing<br><!--
-->the goal of mutual understanding<br><!--
-->achieved, the two set off<br><!--
-->along the road home.<br><br><!--
-->A.A.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Goddess's Manuscript (III)
|zhs     = 女神的手稿・其三
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 女神的手稿・其三
|zht_rm  = 
|ja      = 女神の手稿・3
|ja_rm   = Megami no Shukou - San
|ko      = 여신의 원고・세 번째
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Manuscrito de la diosa (III)
|fr      = Manuscrit de la déesse (3)
|ru      = Рукопись богини III
|th      = ต้นฉบับของเทพธิดา III
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Bản Thảo Của Nữ Thần (III)
|de      = Manuskript der Göttin III
|id      = Manuskrip Seorang Dewi (III)
|pt      = Manuscrito da Deusa III
|tr      = Tanrıçanın Taslak Metni (III)
|it      = Manoscritto della Dea (III)
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[pt-br:Manuscrito da Deusa III]]