{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Golden Song's Variation.png
|set   = Golden Troupe
|piece = Flower of Life
}}
{{Description|A flower constructed out of clam, mother-of-pearl, and gold leaf. It blooms proudly.}}
'''Golden Song's Variation''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Golden Troupe]].

==Description==
The song of fate once wound through the waterways, spreading the harmonious melody of civilization and order.<br>
Wherever the notes fell, brutality was replaced by enlightenment, and disordered primordial land had all but been completely transformed.

The mighty sea wind rolled across, and the rootless water lilies floated along with it.<br>
In a tribal dwelling as short-lived as seagrass, a young [[Boethius|musician]] met a warrior.<br>
Amidst the poems of conquest that are as many as the stars themselves, this song is not that noteworthy,<br>
But the waves bore witness to the friendship between the warriors, and also foretold their end.

The young musician had yet to be rid of the vulgar passions of the [[Fontaine|barbarians]], and became fast friends with the servant, one of the conquered.<br>
That servant's name, no one remembers, but in latter days, the moniker "[[Cassiodor]]" would become famous the world over.<br>
Later, the young warrior would follow the youthful musician to golden Capitolium, the highest city in the [[Sea of Bygone Eras|golden capital]].<br>
There they completed the rigorous courses and trials, and were elevated by the golden [[Remus|God King]] to become prideful masters.

"Pride blooms upon the breast of the citizens of this [[Remuria|glorious kingdom]] as a golden flower. No more poverty or savagery shall there be beneath the God King's sweeping gaze."<br>
"Pride is the shield of the realm's honor, and it is the spear-tip with auric radiance. It defends the God King's unsurpassed authority."<br>
"Only under the command of such authority can order be born, and where order reigns, art and beauty can bloom free."<br>
"In the beautiful golden land, weakness, folly, and savagery will never be accepted or defended &mdash; such things may submit, or be destroyed."

"My friend, my brother, do not hanker for that impoverished past, and let not your mind linger on the false, lowly dignity of those peoples of bygone times."<br>
"You have forsaken that simple body and feeble spirit, and you have become as [[Praetorian Golem|pure as steel]]. Why lament the little things so?"<br>
"My friend, my brother, listen to that [[Phobos|unchanging melody]], the clockwork rhythm of your innermost heart &mdash; thus does the God King whisper to you."<br>
"The glorious kingdom has eyes only for the perfect world of the future, and this future will, for the people of bygone times, play the final song for their inevitable destruction."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Golden Song's Variation
|zhs     = 黄金乐曲的变奏
|zhs_rm  = Huángjīn Yuèqǔ de Biànzòu
|zht     = 黃金樂曲的變奏
|zht_rm  = Huángjīn Yuèqǔ de Biànzòu
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 黄金の旋律の変奏
|ja_rm   = Ougon no Senritsu no Hensou
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 황금 음악<->의 변주
|ko_tl   = Golden Music's Variation
|es      = Variación de la Serenata Dorada
|es_tl   = Golden Serenade Variation
|fr      = Variation de la mélodie dorée
|fr_tl   = Golden Melody's Variation
|ru      = Вариация золотой песни
|ru_tl   = Golden Song's Variation
|th      = Golden Song's Variation
|vi      = Biến Tấu Khúc Nhạc Hoàng Kim
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Variation der Goldpartitur
|de_tl   = Variation of the Gold {{w|Sheet music|Score}}
|id      = Golden Song's Variation
|pt      = Variação da Composição Dourada
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Altın Şarkı Çeşitlemesi
|tr_tl   = Golden Song Variation
|it      = Variazione della Canzone dorata
|it_tl   = Golden Song's Variation
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Golden Troupe}}

[[fr:Variation de la mélodie dorée]]
[[ja:黄金の旋律の変奏]]
[[tr:Altın Şarkı Çeşitlemesi]]
[[uk:Варіація золотої пісні]]
[[vi:Biến Tấu Khúc Nhạc Hoàng Kim]]
[[zh:黃金樂曲的變奏]]