{{Terminology Infobox
|image  = Item Golden Entreaty.png
|title  = Golden Entreaty
|type   = Lore
|region = Natlan
}}
The '''Golden Entreaties''' are two identical white discs engraved with golden patterns. 

It is said that they were created from the eyes of [[Xiuhcoatl]], and that bringing both of them to the [[Great Volcano of Tollan]] can remove the [[Xiuhcoatl|Flamelord's Blessing]] from a [[Saurian]].

==Known Instances==
'''Golden Entreaty''' may refer to the following Quest Items:
* {{Item|Golden Entreaty (Revelations from the Past)}} - obtained during the {{Quest|Revelations from the Past}}.
* {{Item|Golden Entreaty (Moment of Awakening)}} - obtained during the {{Quest|Moment of Awakening}}.

==Lore==
The Golden Entreaties were created when [[Xbalanque]] split the Pyro Dragon Xiuhcoatl's eye in two. One went to Xbalanque, while the other went to [[Waxaklahun Ubah Kan]], the Sage of the Stolen Flame. Together, they swore an oath to "let the future of humans and Saurians be as it may" and to only oppose "the enemy cloaked in shadow."<ref name="Revelations">{{Ref/Quest|Revelations from the Past}}</ref> Eventually, Xbalanque passed his token to [[Och-Kan]], who hid it aboard the [[Tonatiuh]],<ref name="Moment">{{Ref/Quest|Moment of Awakening}}</ref> and the Sage placed his within the [[Ruins of the Sage of the Stolen Flame]].

According to [[Och-Kan]], the Golden Entreaties can only fulfill their original purpose at the [[Great Volcano of Tollan]],<ref name="Moment" /> but it is currently unclear what this purpose is. Since before the [[Cataclysm]],<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Flower-Wreathed Feathers}}</ref> the tribes have believed that if a strongly-bonded human and [[Saurian]] pair brought the tokens to the volcano, they could remove the Flamelord's Blessing from said Saurian. This ceremony has apparently succeeded before, and its legitimacy is supported by the Sage's words of encouragement to Traveler in ''[[Revelations from the Past]]''.

Around the time of the Cataclysm, Waxaklahun Ubah Kan spread a rumor about a treasure aboard the Tonatiuh that could repel the [[Abyss]], the "Jade of Return" (in truth a Golden Entreaty). However, it has been implied that its true nature is something darker. [[Bona]] claims that the inscriptions on an Entreaty say that "it is hazardous and should not be touched," and calls it "the machine that could save Natlan, but not us." Similarly, Och-Kan warns the [[Traveler]] that it is "as important as it is dangerous," and "can indeed tame the filth of the Abyss for all of Natlan... But not in the way that you imagine." It was out of fear of its potential that Och-Kan hid it away on the Tonatiuh and tried to waylay anyone seeking it.<ref name="Moment" /> An entity of the [[Night Kingdom]] has also told the Traveler to "trust not lightly the so-called vision of the "sacred mountain"" and to "reject... his promise."<ref>{{Ref/Quest|To the Night, What is the Night's}}</ref>

According to Waxaklahun Ubah Kan, piecing the two Golden Entreaties together would activate '''Huitzilopochtli''', which would bring forth a "cataclysm" that would scour the world. He once urged Och-Kan to do so, telling him that it was "the only way forward" before Teyvat was "wholly plunged into darkness." At the time, Och-Kan refused, because the sage had also said that human civilization may not survive the ordeal.<ref name="Moment" />

As of the present, both Waxaklahun Ubah Kan and Och-Kan have urged the Traveler and [[Little One]] to bring the Entreaties to the volcano. They believe that Little One will "make the right choice" in the end, especially since it is a bearer of the Flamelord's Blessing.<ref name="Moment" />

==Trivia==
* The description of [[Golden Entreaty (Moment of Awakening)|one of the Entreaties]] mentions a legend about an "ancient Dragonlord" who "held dominion over all light and wisdom" transforming one of his eyes into a "conduit of supreme authority by which all flames might be governed," and how it "became his only exploitable weakness." This may refer to [[Xiuhcoatl]].
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Golden Entreaty
|zhs     = 通牒金盘
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 通牒金盤
|zht_rm  = 
|ja      = 通牒の金盤
|ja_rm   = Tsuuchou no Kinban{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 통첩의 금 원반
|es      = Disco Dorado de la Diplomacia
|fr      = Supplication dorée
|ru      = Золотое прошение
|th      = แผ่นทองแห่งคำชี้ขาด
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Đĩa Vàng Thông Điệp
|de      = Goldscheibe des Ultimatums
|id      = Cakram Emas Ultimatum
|pt      = Prato Dourado do Ultimato
|tr      = Altın Ahit
|it      = Prece dorata
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[es:Disco Dorado de la Diplomacia]]