{{About|the location|the Trounce Domain|Enter the Golden House}}
{{Location Infobox
|image        = The Golden House.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Sea of Clouds
|subarea      = Mt. Tianheng
}}
The '''Golden House''' is where all of Teyvat's [[Mora]] is minted. When [[Rex Lapis]] died, his corpse, the Exuvia, was moved here by the [[Liyue Qixing]].

Following the events of [[A New Star Approaches]], the Golden House is no longer minting new Mora after the [[Geo Archon]] handed over his [[Gnosis]] to the [[Tsaritsa]].

==NPCs==
* [[Gongming]] - Steward, Golden House
* [[Youxu]] - Millelith
* [[Zhe'yuan]] - Millelith
* [[Zheng]] - Millelith
* [[Zexuan]] - Millelith

==Trivia==
* Zhongli gives his thoughts about the ceasing of Mora production at the end of [[The Fond Farewell]]:
{{Dialogue start}}
::'''Paimon:''' That's right! Zhongli, now that you don't have your Gnosis, what's going to happen to all the Mora in Teyvat?
::'''Paimon:''' Since Morax is "dead," are they all just gonna disappear?
::'''Paimon:''' Also, isn't the Golden House the only mint in the entire continent? Will it even continue to work?
::'''Zhongli:''' The Mora present now will not vanish. But the Golden House will indeed have to cease operations for a lengthy period of time, since creating Mora requires the use of the Geo Archon's power.
::'''Paimon:''' Argh! This is terrible. We're all about to run out of Mora! The world is coming to an end!
::'''Zhongli:''' Yes, this is indeed a major issue from a financial standpoint...
::'''Zhongli:''' Uh.. Well. I suppose we'll just leave such troublesome matters to the Liyue Qixing to debate.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Golden House
|zhs      = 黄金屋
|zhs_rm   = Huángjīn-wū
|zht      = 黃金屋
|zht_rm   = Huángjīn-wū
|zh_tl    = Golden House
|ja       = 黄金屋
|ja_rm    = Ougon'ya<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Heart of Glaze|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl    = Golden House
|ko       = {{tt|황금옥|黃金屋}}
|ko_rm    = Hwanggeum'ok
|ko_tl    = Golden House
|es       = Casa Dorada
|es_tl    = Golden House
|fr       = Chambre d'Or
|fr_tl    = Golden Chamber
|ru       = Золотая палата
|ru_tl    = Golden Palace
|th       = Golden House
|vi       = {{tt|Hoàng Kim Ốc|黃金屋}}
|vi_tl    = Golden House
|de       = Goldstube
|de_tl    = Gold Parlor
|id       = Golden House
|pt       = Casa Dourada
|pt_tl    = Golden House
|tr       = 
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = 
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Liyue}}

[[es:Casa Dorada]]
[[ru:Золотая палата]]
[[th:Golden House]]