{{RegionTabs
|subpage1=1.6
|subpage2=2.8
}}
==Archon War==
<noinclude>''?–2000 Years ago''</noinclude>
* '''<2600 years ago''' ― [[Minacious Isle]] travels from [[Mondstadt]] to [[Golden Apple Archipelago|Haar Islands]], having been broken off of a mountain and turned upside down after Barbatos terraforms [[Mondstadt]].<ref name="An Archon's Deeds"/> With it comes a Seelie.<ref name="The Winding Homeward Way"/>

==Post-Minacious Isle Formation==
* '''<2600 years ago''' ― After Minacious Isle is formed,<ref name="Inverted Ruins"/> a group of people gets shipwrecked there,<ref name="The Other Side of Isle and Sea"/> including a grandmother with a family heirloom from her hometown.<ref name="Five Mountains Hide the Little Village"/> These people go on to live across the archipelago<ref name="Inverted Ruins"/> for at least five generations.<ref name="Songs of a Distant Home"/>
** The speakers of [[Echoing Tales/Story|Conch Retrospection I: Songs of a Distant Home]] (Five Mountains, Two Paths, One River, Four Winds, and Clan of Song) span a ''minimum'' of four generations starting with the grandchild of the first grandmother (the addressee and speaker, respectively, in Five Mountains), or five when including the first grandmother. It is unknown how many generations are not represented by the Echoing Conches. The ''tightest'' plausible timeline is as follows:
*** Let Person Z be the speaker of Five Mountains. Her grandchild, who she speaks to in Five Mountains, is Person A. Person A is from generation #1.
*** The speaker of Two Paths could be Person A (generation #1), now grown. She could be referring to herself as "Mommy" in third person, because she may be addressing her child. She speaks to Person B, who would be from generation #2.
*** The speaker of One River, "Grandma," could be Person B (generation #2), now grown. She speaks to Person C, who would be from generation #4.
*** The speaker of Four Winds could be Person C (generation #4), still a child.
*** The "Mother" in Clan of Song is likely not the speaker of One River, as while they both sound elderly, they have different voices.<ref group="Note>This is true for all four voice acted languages.</ref> She could be the mother between Person B (generation #2) and Person C (generation #4), which would make her from generation #3. This would also make the other speaker in Clan of Song Person C (generation #4), now grown.
* '''500 years ago'''<ref name="Pirate's Diary"/> ― A pirate crew from a Shogun-ruled Inazuma<ref name="From Outer Lands"/> is separated when their boat splits in half. One group gets shipwrecked on the [[Broken Isle#Nameless Island|Nameless Island]] between [[Broken Isle]] and [[Twinning Isle]], while the other group drifts southeast until they end up [[Twinning Isle#Southeast Islands|southeast of Twinning Isle]]. The pirates lose all of their treasure except for a [[Maguu Kenki|samurai puppet]] that they stole, which is later relocated to the [[Central Platform]].<ref name="The Other Side of Isle and Sea"/><ref name="From Outer Lands"/><ref name="Strangers in a Strange Boat"/><ref name="My Hero"/>
* '''500 years ago''' ― The pirates and islanders figure out a way to get off the archipelago.<ref name="The Other Side of Isle and Sea"/><ref name="Treasure Voyage"/><ref name="Grand Line"/><ref name="Pro-Exit Persuasion"/><ref group="Note">The first speaker in Pro-Exit Persuasion (the grandchild of "Grandpa") appears to have the same voice as the islander speaker in Conch Retrospection V: Grand Line in all four voice acted languages.</ref>

==Recent Past==
* '''? years or months ago''' ― [[Dongdong]]'s father ends up on the Haar Islands. He is later saved.<ref name="Unlucky Father"/>
* '''? years or months ago''' ― [[Alice]] visits the Haar Islands. She decides to plan for [[Klee]], her friends, and [[Diluc]] to enjoy a nice summer vacation.<ref name="The Final Riddle: A Secret Uncovered"/>
* '''After the Traveler meets Paimon''' ― The events of [[Midsummer Island Adventure]] occur, with or without the Traveler involved.
* '''After spending some time in Teyvat''' ― The events of [[Summertime Odyssey]] occur, with or without the Traveler involved.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1|refs=<!--
-->}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2|refs=<!--
<!-- Mainpage transclusion refs -->

<!-- Gonna sort these some other time -->
--><ref name="An Archon's Deeds">Event [[Echoing Tales]] Conch Retrospection, VI: Familiar Voices - [[Echoing Tales/Story#VI: Familiar Voices|An Archon's Deeds]]</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Winding Homeward Way">{{Ref/Quest|The Winding Homeward Way}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Inverted Ruins">Event [[Echoing Tales]] Conch Retrospection, VII: Island Bygones - [[Echoing Tales/Story#VII: Island Bygones|Inverted Ruins]]</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Other Side of Isle and Sea">{{Ref/Quest|The Other Side of Isle and Sea}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Five Mountains Hide the Little Village">Event [[Echoing Tales]] Conch Retrospection, I: Songs of a Distant Home - [[Echoing Tales/Story#I: Songs of a Distant Home|Five Mountains Hide the Little Village]]</ref><!--
--><ref name="Songs of a Distant Home">Event [[Echoing Tales]] Conch Retrospection, I: [[Echoing Tales/Story#I: Songs of a Distant Home|Songs of a Distant Home]]</ref><!--
--><ref name="Pirate's Diary">Interactable: [[Pirate's Diary]]</ref><!--
--><ref name="From Outer Lands">{{Ref/Quest|From Outer Lands}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Strangers in a Strange Boat">Event [[Echoing Tales]] Conch Retrospection, II: [[Echoing Tales/Story#II: Strangers in a Strange Boat|Strangers in a Strange Boat]]</ref><!--
--><ref name="My Hero">Event [[Echoing Tales]] Conch Retrospection, VI: [[Echoing Tales/Story#IV: My "Hero"|My "Hero"]]</ref><!--
--><ref name="Treasure Voyage">{{Ref/Quest|Treasure Voyage}}</ref><!--
--><ref name="Grand Line">Event [[Echoing Tales]] Conch Retrospection, V: [[Echoing Tales/Story#V: Grand Line|Grand Line]]</ref><!--
--><ref name="Pro-Exit Persuasion">Event [[Echoing Tales]] Conch Retrospection, VII: Island Bygones - [[Echoing Tales/Story#VII: Island Bygones|Pro-Exit Persuasion]]</ref><!--
--><ref name="Unlucky Father">Event [[Echoing Tales]] Conch Retrospection, III: [[Echoing Tales/Story#III: Unlucky Father|Unlucky Father]]</ref><!--
--><ref name="The Final Riddle: A Secret Uncovered">{{Ref/Quest|The Final Riddle: A Secret Uncovered}}</ref><!--
-->}}
[[ja:金リンゴ群島/歴史]]
[[uk:Архіпелаг Золотого Яблука/Історія]]
[[vi:Quần Đảo Táo Vàng/Lịch Sử]]