{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23001; 23003
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Gold Devouring and Mora Gathering.png
|npc           = Hatim
|startLocation = [[Treasures Street]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|characters    = Hatim; Paimon; Traveler
|other         = * AR-Dependent Rewards
*Additional Rewards:
{{Card|Mora|8,888|caption=(if Hatim makes a fortune)}}
*Completing the follow-up commission in which Hatim goes bargain-hunting grants the achievement ''[[When Wealth Comes A-Knockin']]''.
* Completing the follow-up commission in which Hatim makes a fortune grants the achievement ''[[Kalimi's Fungus]]''.
}}
'''''Gold Devouring and Mora Gathering''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
There are five versions of this commission. The player gets the initial version the first time. Subsequent commissions seems to be randomly determined.

===Initial Version & Small Profit Version===
# Talk to Hatim
# Help Hatim select a Golden Dish
#* Give him one [[Mora Meat]], [[Butter Chicken]], or [["Pile 'Em Up"]] (any quality).

===Bargain-Hunting Version===
# Talk to Hatim
# Help Hatim prepare an [[Apple Cider]]

===Fortune Version===
# Talk to Hatim
# Talk to Hatim at Lambad's Tavern

===Total Loss Version===
# Talk to Hatim
# Look for Hatim at "Wealth Spots" (0/3)
# Talk to Hatim

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the follow-up commission in which Hatim goes bargain-hunting grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[When Wealth Comes A-Knockin']]''.
* Completing the follow-up commission in which Hatim makes a fortune grants the ''Wonders of the World'' achievement ''[[Kalimi's Fungus]]''.
<!--apparently a suspicious dish can still prompt the successful follow-up; testing odds (and finding other versions) may be warranted-->
==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

If Hatim makes a fortune in the follow-up commission, he will grant an additional 8,888 [[Mora]].

==Dialogue==
===Initial Commission===
{{Quest Description|[[Hatim]], a rich fellow from Kalimi, seemed to be bothered by something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Hatim, optional)
:'''Hatim:''' (I will make a great profit this time!)

;(Talk to Hatim)
:'''Hatim:''' Let me think... Which should I pick?
;(If the commission has not been completed before)
::{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
::'''Hatim:''' Oh, I'm wondering what today's "Golden Dish" is going to be.
::'''Paimon:''' A "Golden Dish"? Is that... food that's made of gold?
::'''Hatim:''' No, it's a great dish that will increase the affinity of those who consume it for Mora!
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon wants to eat it too! Wait... But how can there be such a thing?
::'''Hatim:''' Haha, come, there is much you do not know.
::'''Hatim:''' Let's take Liyue's [[Mora Meat]] as an example. This renowed dish was named after money, and this of course strongly implies an association with financial fortune.
::'''Hatim:''' And there's [[Butter Chicken]] too! Its sumptuous oil just conjures up the image of a full wallet.
::'''Hatim:''' Another example is Mondstadt's [["Pile 'Em Up"]]! From the name itself, it is surely a symbol of rising wealth.
::'''Hatim:''' So if you eat this kind of dish, then go to the [[Kalimi Exchange]] to buy some futures contracts, you'd be sure to make a killing!
::'''Paimon:''' The explanation sounds sort of contrived...
::{{DIcon}} What are future contracts anyway?
:::'''Hatim:''' Never bought 'em, have you? Hmm... Let me explain it to you. It's a kind of futures trading that corresponds to spot trading. For example, this little one next to you...
:::'''Paimon:''' Paimon is Paimon! Not some "little one"!
:::'''Hatim:''' Hahaha! Then, little Paimon, what do you like?
:::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Paimon likes... Um... Slimes!
:::'''Hatim:''' Hahaha! Alright, then! Let's suppose I have a type of [[Slime Condensate]] in my hand, priced at 100 Mora a bottle.
:::'''Hatim:''' If you buy 500 bottles of Slime Condensate from me for 50,000 Mora today, that would be considered a spot deal.
:::'''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;That's too many! Paimon can't eat all of that!
:::'''Hatim:''' This is just an analogy... Suppose you buy 500 bottles today. However, you can't guarantee that you will buy that much Slime Condensate from me every day, right?
:::'''Paimon:''' Um... Well, Paimon's not gonna buy any if she's too full.
:::'''Hatim:''' That's right, and I for my part can't guarantee that I will be able to supply you with that much Slime Condensate whenever you want.
:::'''Hatim:''' So, this is when futures come into play. Futures are not your run-of-the-mill-face-to-face trading, but a "trading agreement."
:::'''Hatim:''' "Buying a bottle of Slime Condensate" and "selling a bottle of Slime Condensate" are both types of "trading agreements."
:::'''Hatim:''' When I can supply Slime Condensate, I will submit a "trading agreement" to the Futures Exchange to sell that condensate.
:::'''Hatim:''' When you need the Slime Condensate, you can go to the Futures Exchange and check the "trading agreements" to see who's selling it.
:::'''Hatim:''' "Futures trading" involves cleverly buying and selling these "trading agreements" to reap profits.
:::'''Hatim:''' Of course, this is just an analogy. If Slime Condensate was really traded on the futures market, all wild slimes would now be extinct.
:::'''Paimon:''' Wow... Amazing...
:::{{DIcon}} Uh... I don't get it...
:::'''Hatim:''' However! The futures market is ever-changing, and even a seasoned veteran such as I cannot guarantee that the futures I buy will profit.
:::'''Hatim:''' But if you eat the "Golden Dish" that brings fortune before buying your futures, the situation will be different. The only question is... Which one should I eat today?
::{{DIcon}} Why not eat all three?
:::'''Hatim:''' Mix up all the good ingredients, and you shall end up with a dish most dubious. This happens distressingly often, does it not?
:::'''Hatim:''' Fortune is like that too. Eating all of them will only be counterproductive, so we must choose the most effective "Golden Dish" to consume!
::'''Hatim:''' Ah, hold on, I didn't notice earlier, but your hair... It's actually the color of gold! Dazzling! Dazzling, I say!
::'''Hatim:''' Gold is a symbol of wealth, and so the dish *you* choose will surely bring me lots of fortune!
::'''Hatim:''' Why don't you help me choose a "Golden Dish"? I will repay you well.
::'''Hatim:''' I'll give you extra perks too if I make Mora off this. How about it?
::{{DIcon}} But what if you lose...?
::'''Hatim:''' Hahaha! Don't worry, I, the exceptionally rich Hatim of Kalimi, hereby declare that you shall get a share of any profits and that all losses will be fully borne by me, so you can rest assured.
::{{DIcon}} I see.
::'''Hatim:''' Come, make the choice for me, then. {{Color|buzzword|Mora Meat}}, {{Color|buzzword|Butter Chicken}}, or {{Color|buzzword|"Pile 'Em Up"}}, which one is the real Golden Dish?
;(If the commission and a follow-up version have been completed before)
::'''Hatim:''' Ah, Traveler, you're back! Wonderful!
::'''Paimon:''' You're not picking a Golden Dish again, are you?
::'''Hatim:''' Hahaha, a clever little brain you have! That's right. I'm about to pick one Golden Dish to rule all futures markets!
::'''Hatim:''' So, help me out again, would you?
::{{DIcon}} Understood. Same rules as always?
:::'''Hatim:''' That's right! It's been a pleasure working with you. Please make your choice then... {{color|buzzword|Mora Meat}}, {{color|buzzword|Butter Chicken}}, or {{color|buzzword|Pile 'Em Up}} &mdash; which one is the real Golden Dish?
::{{DIcon}} Wait, what even is a Golden Dish?
:::'''Hatim:''' A fabulous dish that will increase the affinity of those who consume it for Mora!
:::'''Hatim:''' Let's take Liyue's Mora Meat as an example. This renowned dish was named after money, and this of course strongly implies an association with financial fortune.
:::'''Hatim:''' And there's Butter Chicken too! Its sumptuous oil just conjures up the image of a full wallet.
:::'''Hatim:''' Another example is Mondstadt's "Pile 'Em Up"! From the name itself, it is surely a symbol of rising wealth.
:::'''Hatim:''' So if you eat this kind of dish, then go to the Kalimi Exchange to buy some futures contracts, you'd be sure to make a killing!
:::'''Hatim:''' So, please make your choice for the sake of my "futures trading" venture. Which will it be? {{color|buzzword|Mora Meat}}, {{color|buzzword|Butter Chicken}}, or {{color|buzzword|Pile 'Em Up}}?
::{{DIcon}} Wait, what are futures contracts anyway?
:::'''Hatim:''' Basically, it's a future transaction, as opposed to a spot deal. Now, suppose I have a type of Slime Condensate in my hand, priced at 100 Mora a bottle.
:::'''Hatim:''' Say you buy 500 bottles of Slime Condensate from me for 50,000 Mora. This is a spot deal.
:::'''Hatim:''' But you can't be sure that you will make this same purchase every day, and I can't ensure that I can supply you all the time either, yes?
:::'''Hatim:''' So, this is where futures come into play. Futures are not your run-of-the-mill, face-to-face trading, but a "trading agreement."
:::'''Hatim:''' "Buying a bottle of Slime Condensate" and "selling a bottle of Slime Condensate" are both types of "trading agreements."
:::'''Hatim:''' When I can supply Slime Condensate, I will submit a "trading agreement" to the Futures Exchange to sell that condensate.
:::'''Hatim:''' When you need the Slime Condensate, you can go to the Futures Exchange and check the "trading agreements" to see who's selling it.
:::'''Hatim:''' "Futures trading" involves cleverly buying and selling these "trading agreements" to reap profits.
:::'''Hatim:''' So, please make your choice for the sake of my "futures trading" venture. Which will it be? {{color|buzzword|Mora Meat}}, {{color|buzzword|Butter Chicken}}, or {{color|buzzword|Pile 'Em Up}}?

----
:'''Hatim:''' How's about it, then? {{Color|buzzword|Mora Meat}}, {{Color|buzzword|Butter Chicken}}, or {{Color|buzzword|Pile 'Em Up}}? Let me hear your choice.
;(Submit one of the dishes)

;(If a Delicious dish is submitted)
::'''Hatim:''' Oh, I can smell it! This dish smells like... wealth! Yes, it smells like gold! I shall make a killing this time, yes indeed!
::'''Hatim:''' Thank you so much. Now, I shall go to my "Wealth Spot" later and eat this "Golden Dish." Just wait to hear good news from me, you two!
;(If a Normal dish is submitted)
::'''Hatim:''' This dish seems quite excellent indeed. Ah, it fills me with confidence!
::'''Hatim:''' Thank you so much, Traveler. I shall eat this "Golden Dish" at my "Wealth Spot" later. Wait to hear good news from me, you two!
;(If a Suspicious dish is submitted)
::'''Hatim:''' This dish seems a little strange, but I... believe in you!
::'''Hatim:''' Thank you so much. Now, I shall go to my "Wealth Spot" later and eat this "Golden Dish." Just wait to hear good news from me, you two!
:{{DIcon}} "Wealth Spot"?
:'''Hatim:''' This is another one of my secret ways to get rich, and like the "Golden Dish," this is a good location that can bring me fortune.
:'''Hatim:''' See the city gate over there? Countless merchants carry their goods and Mora through it every day... That place must be teeming with fortunes.
:'''Hatim:''' Also, the area around the Exchange is also where Mora gathers. If you spend lots of time in such places, you will be blessed with wealth!
:'''Paimon:''' You have so many strange theories.
;(If a Delicious dish was submitted)
::{{DIcon}} This all seems rather baseless...
;(If a Normal or Suspicious dish was submitted)
::{{DIcon}} This seems like baseless nonsense...
:'''Hatim:''' Hahaha! Strange or not, nonsense or not, any theory that makes me Mora is a good one.
:'''Hatim:''' Okay, I'm ready to embrace my fortune. Wait for good news from me, Traveler!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Follow-up Commission===
{{Quest Description|The day for Hatim to conduct some futures trading has arrived. What will he get from this trade?}}
====Bargain-Hunting Version====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Hatim, optional)
:'''Hatim:''' (Darn it! I must earn my Mora back...)

;(Talk to Hatim)
:'''Hatim:''' Uh...
:'''Paimon:''' Hi! Hatim, how have you been?
:'''Hatim:''' Oh... It's you guys.
:'''Hatim:''' Well, I guess you can tell from my expression, no?
:'''Hatim:''' I'll be honest, my wallet has been rendered half empty.
:'''Hatim:''' Strange... This isn't how things should have gone...
:'''Hatim:''' But then again... I have a suspicion that this is a sign that the market's about to take off.
:'''Hatim:''' It's like how people have to bend down before they can leap high.
:'''Hatim:''' The same goes for the futures trading market. The entire market just fell to an all-time low and it's about to bottom out!
:'''Hatim:''' In other words, now is the best time to go bargain-hunting!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it hasn't hit the bottom yet...
:{{DIcon}} Some people get leg cramps when they bend low...
:'''Hatim:''' No. I am pretty sure this is a once-in-a-lifetime chance, and Hatim never misses any chance to gain wealth.
:'''Hatim:''' That would be worthy of my name as Kalimi's exceptionally wealthy Hatim!
:'''Hatim:''' Come, friend, help me out one more time, will you? Please choose another "Golden Dish"!
:'''Paimon:''' Still from the original options?
:'''Hatim:''' Hm... Wait, no! Since we're going bargain-hunting, I need a dish that is extra special to turn the tide on the market.
:'''Hatim:''' I heard that Mondstadt has a tycoon who runs a super profitable alcohol business...
:{{DIcon}} Do you mean...
:'''Paimon:''' Master Diluc?
:'''Paimon:''' But how did you know about...
:'''Hatim:''' Hahaha, how could I not know of him, when I even know about "Pile 'Em Up"?
:'''Hatim:''' He owns a tavern where they sell something wonderful known as Apple Cider. If I down some of that, I believe I shall imbibe some of his affinity for wealth as well!
:'''Hatim:''' So please, help me get a bottle of Apple Cider!
:'''Hatim:''' We shall earn back what was lost, and with interest to boot!
;(Open item selection menu)
:'''Hatim:''' This is that tycoon's apple cider, yes? Ah, what an extraordinary aroma. It truly clears the mind!
:'''Hatim:''' Great! This is the good stuff indeed. It shall surely bring about a shift in the market!
:'''Hatim:''' I won't forget the help you two have given me! I'll see you around!
{{Dialogue end}}

====Fortune Version====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Hatim, optional)
:'''Hatim:''' (Capital, capital! I was right to do that, hahaha!)

;(Talk to Hatim)
:'''Hatim:''' Traveler! Ah, I mean, wondrous child of fortune and luck! You're here!
:'''Hatim:''' I ate the "Golden Dish" you prepared the last time and made a killing on the Exchange!
:'''Hatim:''' I came here today to check and sure enough, I have made great gains on all the futures I bought!
:'''Hatim:''' Come, let's go to Lambad's Tavern, and you can order whatever you want. It'll be my treat! I must thank you, after all.
:;(The Traveler is teleported into Lambad's Tavern)

;(Talk to Hatim)
:'''Hatim:''' This is all thanks to your help, so please, order whatever you'd like to eat today! Haha!
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like you really did make a lot of Mora!
:'''Hatim:''' It is a good sum by a normal person's measure, but compared to the assets that I, Hatim, possess, it is but a mere ripple.
:'''Hatim:''' After all, I am also privy to knowledge obtained from decades of experience as an old hand. If you are interested in futures, I can share some of my personal experiences with you, in fact.
:'''Hatim:''' We agreed the last time that you shall gain additional benefits, so please, ask me anything.
:'''Paimon:''' Heh. Y'know, this additional benefit doesn't feel all that different from not having any!
:{{DIcon}} We don't play with futures after all...
:'''Hatim:''' Oh, nonsense! You shall have a share of the Mora too, of course. But compared to that, my advice is what is truly of value!
:'''Paimon:''' Then Paimon has a question... Will there really be slime futures?
:'''Paimon:''' N&mdash;Not that Paimon wants to profit, of course! Just asking...
:'''Hatim:''' Only commodities in circulation can become futures, so if there is as much Slime Condensate as flour and milk on the market, then it's possible for tradable Slime Condensate futures to be created.
:'''Hatim:''' But I've mentioned this before. If you want to trade in Slime Condensate futures, I'm afraid that all Slimes in the wild will go extinct.
:'''Hatim:''' Plus, institutions or individuals who specialize in raising slimes may arise, and they may continuously produce large quantities of Slime Condensate.
:'''Hatim:''' When that time comes, the price of Slime Condensate might also go up...
:'''Paimon:''' What!? It's just buying some Slime Condensate, how can things get so complicated...?
:'''Paimon:''' P&mdash;Paimon'll just stick to getting (Traveler) to beat those Slimes up...
:'''Hatim:''' What about you, Child of Fortune? Do you have any questions?
:{{DIcon}} How did you come up with the idea of "Golden Dish"?
:'''Hatim:''' Ha! You really are a Child of Fortune. Straight to asking about the key to wealth.
:'''Hatim:''' I can't really say that I "came up with" it, but I can say that I learned about these "Golden Dishes" during my long career in futures trading.
:'''Hatim:''' The futures trading market is treacherous... But as long as I have my "Golden Dishes," piloting this investment ship shall be a cinch!
:{{DIcon}} This really is nonsense...
:{{DIcon}} Isn't this just what they call "peace of mind"...?
:'''Hatim:''' Ah, enough of that! Come, eat, eat! Eat up! I'll be asking for your help more often in the future.
:'''Hatim:''' Here! Try this [[Shawarma Wrap]]. It's Sumeru's special dish. You really must try it, hahaha...

:'''You enjoy the delicious food with Hatim...'''
{{Dialogue end}}

====Total Loss Version====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approaching the area where Hatim usually stands)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Why isn't Hatim here...? Weird.
:'''Paimon:''' He talked about some special "Wealth Spots" of him, didn't he? If Paimon's memory serves... these places are near the {{Color|buzzword|city gate}} and the {{Color|buzzword|exchange}}.
:'''Paimon:''' Why don't we go to these places to look for him?

;(Approach the wrong spot)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, Hatim isn't here... Now, Paimon remembers he mentioned somewhere near the {{Color|buzzword|city gate}} and the {{Color|buzzword|exchange}} when he talked about "Wealth Spots"...
:'''Paimon:''' He's gotta be at one of those places, so let's try again.

;(Approach Hatim)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! There's Hatim now!

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Hatim, optional)
:'''Hatim:''' (Ugh, darn it! I'll earn my Mora back!)

;(Talk to Hatim)
:'''Hatim:''' I went to the "Wealth Spot" and even ate the "Golden Dish"...
:'''Hatim:''' But the result is this drop...! This makes no sense! How is this market making any sense? Where's the fairness!?
:'''Paimon:''' Hatim, we've been looking for you for a long time. Are you okay?
:'''Hatim:''' Ah, it's you guys... I... I'm fine. I'm great... Look. I'm not missing an arm or a leg or anything.
:'''Hatim:''' I just lost my deposit... Ahem...
:{{DIcon}} S&mdash;Sorry...
:'''Hatim:''' No! This is not your fault. Don't take it to heart.
:'''Hatim:''' Of course, it's certainly not my fault either. What's truly to blame is this market for being bad.
:'''Hatim:''' It makes no sense! It doesn't follow rules! It just goes down like that, and goes up like... like... Well, it didn't go up...
:'''Hatim:''' Really, argh... I really...
:'''Hatim:''' Never mind, I simply cannot believe it... I cannot believe that I, Hatim the exceptionally rich from Kalimi, still cannot conquer futures trading!
:{{DIcon}} Didn't you lose everything...?
:'''Hatim:''' Hmph, it doesn't matter. I still have plenty of backup funds.
:'''Hatim:''' Even if I don't have any Mora on hand, I still have working capital and assets elsewhere.
:'''Hatim:''' Just you wait, Kalimi Exchange! I, Hatim, shall be back!
{{Dialogue end}}

====Small Profit Version====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Hatim, optional)
:'''Hatim:''' (Capital, capital! I was right to do that, hahaha!)

;(Talk to Hatim)
:'''Hatim:''' Hm... Not bad at all...
:{{DIcon}} Looks like you've made a fortune...
:'''Hatim:''' Ah, Traveler! Thanks to you, I've made a small profit this time. Looks like the "Golden Dish" proved effective.
:'''Hatim:''' However, it's not much different from what I usually earn from normal trades...
:'''Hatim:''' This is not how a "Golden Dish" should work. Did I eat the wrong dish...?
:'''Hatim:''' Traveler, let's try this once more. Can you please help me choose a "Golden Dish" again?
:'''Hatim:''' Just as always, please pick one from among {{color|buzzword|Mora Meat}}, {{color|buzzword|Butter Chicken}}, and {{color|buzzword|Pile 'Em Up}}.
:'''Hatim:''' After the minor profit last time, I'm definitely making a killing this time! {{color|buzzword|Mora Meat}}, {{color|buzzword|Butter Chicken}}, and {{color|buzzword|Pile 'Em Up}}. How about it, then? What'll your choice be?
;(Submit one of the dishes)
;(If a Delicious dish is submitted)
::'''Hatim:''' Good! A dish of excellent quality! I'm sure the futures I bought will surge this time!
;(If a Normal dish is submitted)
::'''Hatim:''' This looks to be of good quality. Will I be able to make a fine profit this time?
;(If a Suspicious dish is submitted)
::'''Hatim:''' This dish looks a little strange... Oh well, it matters not. Work calls me.
::'''Hatim:''' I can't thank you enough, Traveler! Hope we'll meet again.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/nZ6ZKTGosKE
|caption1 = Gold Devouring and Mora Gathering - "Kalimi's Fungus" Achievement.

|video2   = https://youtu.be/hdRR1ZxU_uc
|caption2 = Gold Devouring and Mora Gathering: When Wealth Comes A-Knockin Achievement

}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Gold Devouring and Mora Gathering
|zhs     = 吞金和蓄财
|zhs_rm  = Tūn Jīn Hé Xù Cái
|zht     = 吞金和蓄財
|zht_rm  = Tūn Jīn Hàn Xù Cái
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 千金と蓄財
|ja_rm   = Senkin to Chikuzai
|ja_tl   = 1000 Gold and Amassing Wealth
|ko      = 황금 요리와 재물운
|ko_rm   = Hwanggeum Yoriwa Jaemul'un
|ko_tl   = Golden Food and Wealth Luck
|es      = Fortuna servida en plato de oro
|es_tl   = Fortune Served in a Gold Plate
|fr      = Repas d'or et moras à foison
|fr_tl   = Gold Meal and Mora Galore
|ru      = Поглощение золота и накопление моры
|ru_tl   = Gold Devouring and Mora Accumulation
|th      = เขมือบทองสะสมเงินตรา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ăn Và Đầu Tư
|vi_tl   = Eat and Invest
|de      = Gold verschlingen und Reichtum anhäufen
|de_tl   = Gold Devouring and Riches Amassing
|id      = Menelan Emas, Melahap Kekayaan
|id_tl   = Swallowing Gold, Devouring Wealth
|pt      = Devorando Ouro e Coletando Mora
|pt_tl   = Devouring Gold and Collecting Mora
|tr      = Altın Yutup Mora Biriktirmek
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Divorare oro e raccogliere Mora
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru}}