{{About|the faction|the artifact set|Golden Troupe}}
{{Faction Infobox
|leader       = 
|affiliation  = [[Remuria]]
|base         = [[Remuria]]
|region       = Fontaine
}}
The '''Golden Troupe''' was a faction led by [[Boethius]] that existed some time after the fall of Remuria.

==Story==
After Remuria's initial fall, [[Boethius]] mustered remnants of Remuria to establish the Golden Troupe in an attempt to save Remuria and [[Phobos]].<ref name="Movement">{{Ref/Item|Movement of an Ancient Chord}}</ref> The troupe would gather in the [[Faded Castle]] to study the spirit and fate. They built musical devices similar to those from the golden age of Remuria.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Ancient Autoharmonic Music Box}}</ref> The troupe's goal was to save Phobos so that it could unite all of the world and bring world peace through the power of music and the "Grand Symphony".<ref>{{Ref/Item|Golden Troupe's Reward}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Fortune Plango Vulnera}}</ref>

The Golden Troupe was referred to by various names. They studied "magical" techniques to preserve lives and bodies to survive the [[Prophecy of Fontaine]], such as transplanting the consciousness inside stone golems with golden ichor and creating seals such as the "Seal of the Chymical Marriage". For example, [[Este]] from the time of Remuria has lived through the ages as a golem. Later, the [[Narzissenkreuz Institute]] would learn from the Golden Troupe's techniques. For example, the method by which [[Jakob]] was able to preserve his body throughout the ages was related to the techniques of the Golden Troupe.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Book of Esoteric Revelations}}</ref> In addition to the above methods, the Golden Troupe also practiced child sacrifice.<ref name="Movement" />

The original purpose of the [[Marechaussee Phantom|Marechaussee Hunters]] established by [[Cassiodor]] was to combat the Golden Troupe, its magic, and their enslaved [[Praetorian Golem|Golems]].<ref>{{Ref/Arti|page=Hunter's Brooch}}</ref> In later history, Cassiodor would aid [[Ruggiero]] in sealing the Faded Castle beneath the rebuilt [[Petrichor]]. They established Petrichor's ruling Consilium Sapientum and distributed false narratives about the Faded Castle to hide its secrets forever.<ref>Faded Castle, [[Faded Castle#Ruggiero's Notes (I)|Ruggiero's Notes]]</ref> 

The remnants and archaeology of the Golden Troupe are left in the town of Petrichor and the surrounding waters of the [[Nostoi Region]] and [[Sea of Bygone Eras]]. The great master [[Ruggiero]] was one scholar who traveled to Petrichor to study the history of the Golden Troupe. Ruggiero noted that the ancient arcane arts of the troupe seem to have originated from before Remuria, during a time when the gods of the pre-Remurian era used symphonies (such as the [[Fortuna]]) to rule Fontaine. The Golden Troupe of Remuria used music to record things including magic. Moreover, Ruggiero noted that conches were used by the troupe to convey information.<ref name="Research Notes">{{Ref/HEO|Arkhium Forge|s = The Research Notes of Master Ruggiero}}</ref>

[[Rene]] would discover the remnants and golem statues of the Golden Troupe in Petrichor.<ref name="Log2">Interactable: [[Ancient Log#Ancient Log #2|Ancient Log #2]]</ref><ref name="Log1">Interactable: [[Ancient Log#Ancient Log #1|Ancient Log #1]]</ref> Later the [[Narzissenkreuz Ordo]] founded by Rene and Jakob would attempt to use the magic they learned from the Golden Troupe to merge all the people's consciousnesses into one transcendental being to survive the prophecy.<ref>[[Canotila and the Book of Revealing]]</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Golden Troupe}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}