{{Chapter Infobox
|image  = Golden Slumber Chapter.png
|type   = World
|major  = yes
|region = Sumeru
|next   = The Dirge of Bilqis
|next2  = Old Notes and New Friends
}}
'''Golden Slumber''' is a [[World Quest]] Series in [[Great Red Sand]], [[Sumeru]].

==List of Quests==
# [[Lost in the Sands]]
# [[An Introduction to Indoor Archaeology]]
# [[The Secret of Al-Ahmar]]
# [[Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand]]

==Summary==
;Lost in the Sands
The quest can either begin with the player receiving a commission from [[Katheryne]] in Sumeru or by talking to [[Bonifaz]] in [[Aaru Village]]. Regardless of which choice the player makes, they will be introduced to Bonifaz, a [[Mondstadt]] merchant who had rented out two of his Sumpter Beasts to a researcher named [[Tirzad]] who had been researching ruins in the desert. Along with Tirzad went [[Nachtigal]], Bonifaz's associate, and two mercenaries hired by Tirzad. The group stopped corresponding via [[Dusk Bird]] two days prior to him posting the commission, so the Traveler and Paimon decide to search for the missing archaeological team.

The Traveler and Paimon discover the group at the bottom of a sinkhole in the desert and meet [[Jebrael]] and [[Jeht]], the father-and-daughter Eremite mercenaries. While Jebrael is standoffish to the Traveler and Paimon, Jeht gladly accepts their help and introduces them to the rest of the group. Nachtigal suffered heatstroke after falling into the hole, while Tirzad became inebriated when Jeht informed him that Nachtigal and Bonifaz had extorted him for the price of the Sumpter Beasts. The group agrees to put aside their issues and explore a nearby ruin to find an exit to the surface.

While inside, Tirzad reveals that the reason he is researching ruins is due to the [[Scarlet Sand Slate]] that fell into his possession after a relative abandoned her research to elope with a man she met in the desert. He makes an offhanded remark about the [[Sumeru Akademiya|Akademiya's]] view of [[King Deshret]], causing Jebrael to criticize him so harshly that Tirzad faints from anger. While Jebrael watches over the unconscious Tirzad, Jeht, the Traveler, and Paimon continue into the ruins and discover a strange machine. Jeht names the machine Benben and takes it back to the group, and Tirzad entrusts the Scarlet Sand Slate to the Traveler after Benben causes it to light up. The group manages to find the exit and reunites with Nachtigal, and they head for a nearby oasis to rest for the night.

;An Introduction to Indoor Archaeology
While camping at the oasis, Jebrael stands over a nearby gravestone and cryptically tells the Traveler to keep the Scarlet Sand Slate safe. When asked about why he chose to leave the desert, Jebrael answers that he found a better path in life than the path of seclusion he took in the desert. The group decides to explore the nearby [[Khemenu Temple]] in the morning and discover that Benben is able to open the sealed door of the temple. Upon exploring the different rooms of the temple, they stumble upon a large mural depicting King Deshret, to which Tirzad makes the conclusion that it depicts a tyrant king and his insignificant subjects. Jebrael notes that Tirzad's opinion of King Deshret is based on what he has been told by the rest of the Akademiya and he knows little of the faith the people had in King Deshret. Tirzad argues back and accidentally bumps into the mural, revealing a secret passageway behind it.

;The Secret of Al-Ahmar
The group enters the [[The Mausoleum of King Deshret|Mausoleum of King Deshret]] and marvels at its size. Jebrael mentions that someone named [[Ufairah]] would have loved to see it, and Jeht notes that her father is acting odd. They reach the highest floor of the mausoleum and Benben opens a door to a passageway, which turns out to be a trap. Paimon and the Traveler awaken in an unfamiliar ruin and find Tirzad, Jeht, and Jebrael surrounded by [[Fatui]] agents, but Benben is gone. They find the main camp of the Fatui, who are working with the Eremites and have taken Benben. The leader of the Eremites, [[Samail]], is revealed to have known Jebrael personally back when he was in [[The Eremites|Thutmose]]. The Traveler, Jeht, and Jebrael battle Samail who escapes but leaves Benben behind. Jeht and Tirzad order Jebrael to tell them the truth of his past, and he explains that Jeht's mother, a researcher, was killed by Samail who is searching for the treasures of King Deshret using Benben and the Scarlet Sand Slate. The group remembers that Nachtigal and the supplies were left behind at the oasis and head back to check on them.

;Dreams Beneath the Searing Sand
At the oasis, the group rescues Nachtigal from some Eremites and decides to relocate their camp. Upon settling down at another oasis, Jebrael explains his past in Thutmose and how Jeht's mother Ufairah was valuable to Samail due to her knowledge of the desert and King Deshret. Upon giving birth to Jeht, Jebrael began to doubt the morality of the missions assigned to him by Thutmose and decided to leave the desert with his family, but Samail realized their plan and killed Ufairah in an attempt to make Jebrael stay. He tells the group that their next destination is the throne of King Deshret at [[Khaj-Nisut]], where only the worthy can kneel before it. Jebrael promises Tirzad that he will carry out his job as his bodyguard and help him discover the secrets of King Deshret, something Jebrael and his wife had wanted to see together.

At Khaj-Nisut, the group defeats some of the nearby Eremites and discovers that only those who have cleared three trials may see the throne of King Deshret. After passing the trials, the entirety of Khaj-Nisut is revealed and the group makes their way to the highest floor where the throne room lays. However, upon entering the room, Samail appears holding Jeht hostage and taunts Jebrael by saying that the only reason he led the group this far was to enter the Golden Slumber at the throne room, a dreamland paradise only allowed to those who gain the knowledge of King Deshret. Samail reveals that the only way to enter it is through a prayer known only by Jebrael, who recites it in order to free Jeht. Samail repeats the prayer and falls into the Golden Slumber, but Jebrael states that it is a one-way trip and those who enter it may never return to the real world. Despite this, Samail had gained the knowledge of King Deshret by entering the Golden Slumber and therefore has control over his land, causing a dark cloud to envelop the room and forcing the group to flee, but the door to the exit is closed. Jebrael realizes the only way to stop Samail is to enter the Golden Slumber, and sacrifices himself in order to take over control of the building and let the rest of the group escape.

Inside the Golden Slumber dreamland, Samail tells Jebrael that all those who enter join a collective consciousness and lose their individuality. Samail persuades him to join them and become one with the Golden Slumber, but the voices of Jeht and the others bring Jebrael back to his senses and he manages to open the door, allowing the group outside to flee Khaj-Nisut. Jebrael asks Jeht to forgive him as he fades into the Golden Slumber's consciousness, and the door to Khaj-Nisut is sealed once more.

Back at Aaru Village, the group sans Jebrael reunites with Bonifaz, and Tirzad leaves to go write his paper on the ruins of King Deshret. Jeht mentions that she will go back to her father's original tribe, the Tanit, but is still in grief over the loss of her father. Bonifaz and Nachtigal state that they will be staying in Aaru Village for a while, and wish the Traveler luck on their adventures.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Golden Slumber Chapter|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Golden Slumber Chapter Quests}}

==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=Golden Slumber|requirements=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Golden Slumber
|zhs     = 黄金梦乡
|zhs_rm  = Huángjīn Mèngxiāng
|zht     = 黃金夢鄉
|zht_rm  = Huángjīn Mèngxiāng
|zh_tl   = Golden Dreamland
|ja      = 黄金の眠り
|ja_rm   = Ougon no Nemuri
|ja_tl   = Golden Slumber
|ko      = 황금빛 꿈
|ko_tl   = Golden Dream
|es      = El Letargo Dorado
|es_tl   = The Golden Slumber
|fr      = Le sommeil d'or
|fr_tl   = The Sleep of Gold
|ru      = Золотая страна грёз
|ru_tl   = Golden Country of Dreams
|th      = แดนฝันทองคำ
|th_rm   = dan fan thong-kham
|th_tl   = Golden Dreamland
|vi      = Cõi Mộng Hoàng Kim
|vi_tl   = Golden Dreamland
|de      = Das goldene Traumland
|de_tl   = The Golden Dreamland
|id      = Mimpi Emas
|id_tl   = Golden Dream
|pt      = Sonho Dourado
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Altın Rüya
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sonno dorato
|it_tl   = Golden Slumber
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[es:El Letargo Dorado]]
[[vi:Cõi Mộng Hoàng Kim]]