{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Golden Era's Prelude.png
|set   = Golden Troupe
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|This lovely sundial is inlaid with silver and gold. It seems that time has stopped flowing atop its dial plate.}}
'''Golden Era's Prelude''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Golden Troupe]].

==Description==
The sea breeze at dawn, rapturous and free, sings this ancient hymn&mdash;<br>
Time flowed forward no longer, but returned to the past with the singer.

Along the waters it flowed, passing the gilded domes of the [[Remuria|glorious kingdom]],<br>
On the soft summer wind it passed through the green manor ringed by towering walls.<br>
Whether aristocrats in their light ships, or barbarians brought as captives,<br>
All were intoxicated by the music of a beautiful age, immersed in the memories...

For this was the golden world of abundance &mdash; an era of a righteous, glorious king.

"I came from a puny realm on a lone isle. I was born in a hut, and I grew up in a village built of reeds and grass."<br>
"When the warriors in their bright mail came to my home, they announced the news of 'conquest.'"<br>
"I was but a mere youth, and I naively followed these towering demigods to the capital."<br>
"It was by dint of my agile fingers and bright voice that I evaded the fate of bondage."<br>
"Only after the [[Remus|God King]] recognized me did I first witness the might of civilization and order."<br>
"Let my flesh and bone, then, be utterly changed. Let my name and tribe be forsaken. The world shall know only the name '[[Boethius]]'!"

And thus was the child born of barbarism moved by the golden palace, and became a servant of a majestic authority.<br>
Like one newborn, he worked to abandon the ancient savage customs and devoured new knowledge...<br>
All he did, he did to transform himself into a person of true honor and glory, into a part of this great civilization.<br>
For nothing else did he toil, for this was the golden world of abundance &mdash; an era of a righteous, glorious king enthroned.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Golden Era's Prelude
|zhs     = 黄金时代的先声
|zhs_rm  = Huángjīn Shídài de Xiānshēng
|zht     = 黃金時代的先聲
|zht_rm  = Huángjīn Shídài de Xiānshēng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 黄金の時代の前兆
|ja_rm   = Ougon no Jidai no Zenchou
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 황금 시대<->의 서곡
|ko_tl   = Golden Era's Prelude
|es      = Preludio de la Era Dorada
|es_tl   = Prelude of the Golden Era
|fr      = Prélude de l'ère dorée
|fr_tl   = Golden Era's Prelude
|ru      = Предзнаменование золотой эпохи
|ru_tl   = Golden Epoch's Omen
|th      = Golden Era's Prelude
|vi      = Khúc Dạo Đầu Thời Kỳ Hoàng Kim
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ouvertüre zum Goldenen Zeitalter
|de_tl   = Overture to the Golden Age
|id      = Golden Era's Prelude
|pt      = Abertura da Era Dourada
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Altın Çağın Başlangıcı
|tr_tl   = Golden Age's Introduction
|it      = Preludio dell'Era dorata
|it_tl   = Golden Era's Prelude
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Golden Troupe}}

[[fr:Prélude de l'ère dorée]]
[[ja:黄金の時代の前兆]]
[[tr:Altın Çağın Başlangıcı]]
[[uk:Прелюдія золотої епохи]]
[[vi:Khúc Dạo Đầu Thời Kỳ Hoàng Kim]]
[[zh:黃金時代的先聲]]