{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22107
|image         = Commission Good Sign.png
|type          = Commission
|npc           = Zhihua
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|characters    = Granny Shan; Paimon; Traveler; Zhihua
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
*Completing the commission and finding all five different signs grants the achievement [[Love Is All Around]].
*Completing the commission and ruining four signs grants the achievement [[Open to Interpretation]].
}}
'''''Good Sign''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Zhihua]]
#Look for signs
#Report back to Zhihua

==Gameplay Notes==
* There are 5 signs, but each Commission will only give you two at random. Four have two possible outcomes, which means that the Commission has to be completed at least 5 times in order to receive both achievements via normal means.
* This commission can be received 3 times per Commission cycle.
* The game registers the signs for either achievement after selecting and going through the corresponding dialogue option when reporting back to Zhihua, not when the Commission concludes at the end of the dialogue.
** In order to receive both achievements within a single Commission cycle, the player can go through the dialogue until Zhihua asks "Did you find anything else?" after submitting the 2nd sign, disconnect from the game until the dialogue is interrupted, then reconnect and quickly dash/teleport away from Zhihua to prevent the game from forcefully resuming the dialogue, leaving the Commission unfinished. Repeat this process each time the Commission shows up again until all signs have been reported.
* Finding all 5 "signs of an imminent romance" grants the {{Achievement|Love Is All Around}}.
** Seeing that Granny Shan has good business
** Leaving the pigeons alone
** Leaving the dogs alone
** Leaving the cat and fish alone
** Leaving the leaves alone
* Ruining 4 "signs of an imminent romance" grants the hidden {{Achievement|Open to Interpretation}}.
** Killing the pigeons
** Scaring the dogs away
** Killing the fish and/or scaring away the cat
** Burning or blowing away the leaves
* Scaring off the pigeons without killing them still contributes to ''Love is All Around''.
* Leaving the dogs alone contributes to ''Love is All Around'' and scaring them away contributes to ''Open to Interpretation,'' despite the dialogue from Zhihua suggesting that leaving the dogs alone is a "ruined" sign of romance.
* Burning or blowing away the leaves before getting into the right position to trigger Paimon's remark about the dead leaves will not contribute to ''Open to Interpretation''.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Idle Quotes==
*The toys are really selling well today! I hope they make the children happy... &mdash;[[Granny Shan]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Zhihua]] firmly believes that he will soon meet his soulmate, and he's looking for someone to help him find her...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talking to Zhihua)
:'''Zhihua:''' "True love may be impossibly far away, or it may be right under your nose. You cannot force it. But when its day comes, it will reveal itself to you right before your very eyes..."
:{{DIcon}} What is?
:'''Zhihua:''' Why, it's my fortune!
:'''Zhihua:''' This is what Qiming the fortune teller advised me regarding my love life: it may be impossibly far away, or it may be right under my nose...
:'''Zhihua:''' I daresay she must be hinting at something... But whatever could it be?
:'''Zhihua:''' I have heard storytellers say that you can tell when your fortune is about to come true, because signs appear all around you.
:'''Zhihua:''' And I have a strong sense that true love is on its way!
:'''Zhihua:''' Could you examine the surrounding area for me and check for signs?
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Zhihua:''' Yay! Thanks!
:{{DIcon}} Why me?
::'''Zhihua:''' You know the saying, "Lookers-on see most of the game"? Well, were I to look for signs myself...
::'''Zhihua:''' ...I fear that I would interpret anything and everything I saw as a sign that true love is on its way.
::'''Zhihua:''' That's why I need your help!

;(Talking to Zhihua again)
:'''Zhihua:''' Love will find me... No matter what, it will happen...
----
;(You will encounter two of the following signs)
;(Granny Shan)
:'''Paimon:''' This granny has a lot of customers today
:'''Paimon:''' But Paimon doesn't think that has anything to do with love.
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe we should tell that to Zhihua anyway and let him decide.
;(Dead leaves)
:'''Paimon:''' Dead leaves? Even Paimon knows that dead leaves and love have nothing in common.
:'''Paimon:''' But... let's tell that to Zhihua anyway.
:'''Paimon:''' Perhaps he can find something in common between dead leaves and love.
:;(If you burn or blow the leaves away)
::'''Paimon:''' Wait!
::'''Paimon:''' Dead leaves are all gone...
::'''Paimon:''' Dead leaves that do not last long... Does not seem to be a good sign.
;(Pigeons)
:'''Paimon:''' Look at those two pigeons. They are so close and intimate.
:'''Paimon:''' Will this be the sign Zhihua is looking for?
:'''Paimon:''' A loving dove couple... It really is a sign of love.
:;(If you attack the birds)
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! Why did you do that!
::'''Paimon:''' Why do you hate pigeons so much!
::'''Paimon:''' What should we do about Zhihua's love signs now...
;(Cat and fish)
:'''Paimon:''' What is that cat looking at?
:'''Paimon:''' Is it looking at a fish?
:'''Paimon:''' And the fish is not swimming away.
:'''Paimon:''' They seem to be close friends.
:'''Paimon:''' This feels like a good sign! It will surely make Zhihua happy.
:;(If you harvest or kill the fish or the cat)
::'''Paimon:''' Wait! What are you doing!
::'''Paimon:''' Why didn't you leave them alone! Do you really want to eat fish that badly?
::'''Paimon:''' You didn't even like fish when we were out in the wild!
;(Dogs)
:'''Paimon:''' Look, some puppies are playing together.
:'''Paimon:''' They seem to be very close.
:'''Paimon:''' This sign will make Zhihua very happy!
:;(If you scare the dogs away)
::'''Paimon:''' Oh no... Puppies all ran away.
::'''Paimon:''' They were just playing. Why did you do that!
::'''Paimon:''' It should be a good sign, but now it's gone...
----
;(Report back to Zhihua)
:'''Zhihua:''' Have you found a sign?
;(You will only see the choices for the two signs encountered. After choosing one, you will return to this menu for the other one.)
:{{DIcon}} A merchant is doing well today.
::'''Zhihua:''' Business is booming? Wealth is rolling in? Not bad... It sounds promising...
::'''Zhihua:''' One reaps what one sows. Patience and dedication always pay off in the end.
::'''Zhihua:''' ...Love is the same way! My goodness, it is so clear to me now! One must invest in one's love life with patience and diligence; then and only then shall it surely flourish...
::'''Zhihua:''' ...Ahem! Th&mdash;Thanks for, uh, that. I must of course give this some careful thought; who knows what it could mean for sure...
::'''Zhihua:''' Oh, [[Qiming]]! One day, the day will come...
:{{DIcon}} Dead leaves...?
::'''Paimon:''' Seriously? Even Paimon knows that dead leaves and love have nothing in common!
::'''Zhihua:''' On the contrary... they are intimately related!
::'''Zhihua:''' You may look at these dead leaves and dismiss them as withered and lost... But I see potential. Boundless potential.
::'''Zhihua:''' All it takes is one tiny spark to turn them into a roaring fire, an the slightest gust of wind can send them soaring majestically up into the sky!
::'''Zhihua:''' An apt analogy for my unrequited love... Stored up in my heart all this time... Always hoping for something, something that will change everything...
::'''Zhihua:''' *sigh* Alas, such things are for fate to decide. Who knows when the turning point will come, and how it will happen...
::'''Zhihua:''' I should not lose heart. Everything happens for a reason, I just need to have patience.
:;(If you left the leaves alone)
:::'''Zhihua:''' Oh, and uh... Thanks. Heh.
:;(If you burned or blew the leaves away)
:::{{DIcon}} Analogies aside, I was the turning point for those leaves.
:::'''Zhihua:''' ...Excuse me? What on earth do you mean by that?
:::'''Zhihua:''' Wait, you don't mean... Surely you didn't... Please don't tell me you...
:::'''Zhihua:''' Oh no... that's it, it's all over! If you disrupt the natural timing of the turning point... it ruins everything! Fate and love will be plunged into chaos!
:::'''Zhihua:''' Who do you think you are, playing god with the fate of these leaves!? Maybe you were trying to help, but I assure you, you have done more harm than you can possibly imagine!
:::'''Zhihua:''' What am I going to do... Ugh, get out of here, go and ruin someone else's life! I need some time to cool down...
:{{DIcon}} A couple of birds on the roof.
::'''Zhihua:''' I see... Splendid! This is a good sign!
::'''Zhihua:''' Two pigeons who both forsake their own flocks to be together... All they care about is each other as they soar off, wing to wing, into the horizon...
::'''Zhihua:''' This sign can only mean one thing: I shall soon meet the one who loves me, and me alone!
::'''Zhihua:''' ...And she will fight against the odds, tear down all obstacles to break free from those that would seek to deter her; then, finally, we shall be together and it will be us against the world...
:;(If you left the birds alone)
:::'''Zhihua:''' Ahem! I, uh... Thank you, thank you... I should of course check this with Qiming...
:;(If you attacked the birds)
:::'''Zhihua:''' Ahem! I, uh... Thank you, thank you...
:::'''Zhihua:''' I wonder what twist of fate led them to meet... to understand one another... and to experience true love together...
:::'''Zhihua:''' *sigh* Oh, what a pity that I am not a dove... I shall never know the sweet taste of another dove's love upon my beak... Oh, what a cruel fate!
:::{{DIcon}} Would you settle for the taste of dove itself?
:::'''Zhihua:''' The taste of dove?  What are you...  No, you didn't...  Surely you didn't...
:::'''Zhihua:''' What did you do!?  It was a metaphor, you buffoon!  A metaphor!  You don't seriously think I was talking about physically eating the abstract concept of romantic love!?
:::'''Zhihua:''' I know some people are naturally unromantic, but you just took it to a whole other level!  And my goodness, how will this impact my fortune...
:::'''Zhihua:''' I just... Never mind, forget it.  I need some time alone to calm down.  Why don't you just get back to whatever it was you were doing today...
:{{DIcon}} A cat and a fish made friends.
::'''Zhihua:''' My goodness, what a wondrous sign. You clearly knew what to look for.
::'''Zhihua:''' Such a triumphant friendship... Both the cat and the fish are truly admirable...
::'''Zhihua:''' Is this not precisely the meaning of love!? Truly, the power of love transcends all boundaries!
::'''Zhihua:''' I, for one, have nothing but the utmost respect for both of them.
:;(If you left the fish alone)
:::'''Zhihua:''' Clearly, this sign is telling me... Fear no obstacle in the pursuit of love; only then will Qiming see...
:::'''Zhihua:''' ...Anyway, thanks! Thanks a lot.
:;(If you harvested or killed the fish or the cat)
:::'''Zhihua:''' But especially for the fish. It knew full well that the object of its affection was a cat, yet still it chose to bare its soul and express its true feelings unreservedly.
:::{{DIcon}} I'm glad you got to pay your respects.
:::'''Zhihua:''' What do you mean? ...Oh. The fish is right here... You brought it with you!?
:::'''Zhihua:''' So you just kidnapped this poor fish while its helpless feline friend watched in horror?
:::'''Zhihua:''' What kind of person witnesses an incredibly rare case of inter-species friendship... and then bursts in to tear them apart!? You're supposed to protect things like that, you moron!
:::'''Zhihua:''' And all that aside &mdash; this would've been the perfect sign, but you just had to ruin it, didn't you!
:::'''Zhihua:''' Ugh. Please, I'm begging you, just leave me alone. I need some time to myself.
:{{DIcon}} A pack of dogs.
::'''Zhihua:''' Oh no... What portent of doom is this? Is my love life to end before it begins?
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, what? Those doggies looked like the best of friends...
::'''Zhihua:''' I know that group of dogs. They are indeed friendly to one another, and they stick together all year round.
::'''Zhihua:''' That might sound like a good thing, but the fact is... None of those dogs has ever found a mate.
:;(If you left the dogs alone)
:::'''Zhihua:''' Sooner or later they'll grow old, and then it'll be too late...
:::'''Zhihua:''' Is this sign really trying to tell me to while away the time until I die with my buddies, because I will never find a partner!?
:::'''Zhihua:''' I&mdash;I need to have a sit down... and a long, hard think...
:;(If you scared the dogs away)
:::'''Zhihua:''' And because they are surrounded by friends all the time, they just aren't bothered by it.
:::{{DIcon}} They might have an incentive to find partners now.
:::'''Zhihua:''' An incentive? Er... Wait, did you chase them around and break up the group?
:::'''Zhihua:''' Huh... You know, that could actually work...
:::'''Zhihua:''' Sometimes it can take an external force to free you from the web of your own making... freeing you to pursue true love...
:::'''Zhihua:''' Brilliant! I can't thank you enough. It is clear to me now what this sign means.
:::'''Zhihua:''' Qiming... I swear...
:'''Zhihua:''' Did you find anything else?
:{{DIcon}} That's all for now.
:'''Zhihua:''' Okay... I suppose I should get some more input from Qiming...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/B548hrtaZpg
|caption1 = Good Sign "Love is all Around" Achievement.

|video2   = https://youtu.be/mzSWGLQ_u8c
|caption2 = Good Sign "Open to Interpretation" Achievement.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Good Sign
|zhs     = 好兆头
|zhs_rm  = Hǎo Zhàotóu
|zht     = 好兆頭
|zht_rm  = Hǎo Zhàotóu
|zh_tl   = Good Omen
|ja      = よい兆し
|ja_rm   = Yoi Kigishi
|ja_tl   = Good Signs
|ko      = 좋은 징조
|ko_tl   = Good Signs
|es      = Buen augurio
|es_tl   = Good Omen
|fr      = Bon augure
|fr_tl   = Good Omen
|ru      = Хороший знак
|ru_tl   = Good Sign
|th      = สัญญาณที่ดี
|th_rm   = Sanyan thi Di
|th_tl   = Good Sign
|vi      = Điềm Lành
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gutes Omen
|de_tl   = Good Omen
|id      = Pertanda Baik
|id_tl   = Good Omen
|pt      = Bom Sinal
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = İyiye İşaret
|tr_tl   = Good Sign
|it      = Buon segno
|it_tl   = Good Sign
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|Standalone}}

[[es:Buen augurio]]
[[ja:よい兆し]]
[[pt-br:Bom Sinal]]
[[ru:Хороший знак]]