{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22008
|image         = Commission Good Medicine Tastes Bitter.png
|type          = Commission
|npc           = Chenxiang
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|characters    = Chenxiang; Hongdou; Traveler
|otherRewards  = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Good Medicine Tastes Bitter''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Chenxiang]].
#Give the [[Almond Tofu]] to Chenxiang.

==Gameplay Notes==
*The Almond Tofu cannot be given in [[Co-Op Mode]].

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Chenxiang]]'s daughter [[Hongdou]] refuses to take her medicine. Perhaps a spoonful of [[Almond Tofu]] could help the medicine go down...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Hongdou, optional)
:'''Chenxiang:''' Doudou, be a good girl, let's go pick your medicine. You'll only get better if you take your medicine.
:'''Hongdou:''' I'm not going, I'm not going! I hate the medicine at Bubu Pharmacy. I hate it!
:'''Chenxiang:''' You need to do as you're told, Doudou... And hey, if we go to Bubu Pharmacy, you'll get to see Baizhu. How about that?
:'''Hongdou:''' Wow, really? ...Mr. Baizhu is so nice, I'm sure just seeing him will make me better. Then I won't need any medicine!
:'''Chenxiang:''' Hmm, but if poor Mr. Baizhu found out you didn't like his medicine... You wouldn't want to make him mad, would you?
:'''Hongdou:''' Erm... erm... What about if we just pick the medicine, but I don't take it?

;(Talk to Chenxiang)
:'''Chenxiang:''' Doudou, be a good girl, you'll only get better if you take your medicine...
:'''Hongdou:''' No! I don't want to! I hate it, it tastes gross...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Chenxiang:''' Oh, hello Traveler. Doudou is quite a sickly child. This is the medicine she needs to take, according to the prescription [[Baizhu|Dr. Baizhu]] gave me.
:'''Chenxiang:''' But she refuses to take it. She complains she doesn't like the taste... *sigh* Unfortunately, herbal medicine is bitter, that's just how it is...
:'''Chenxiang:''' The only time she ever agrees to take it is if she gets to have a bowl of [[Almond Tofu]] afterwards.
:'''Chenxiang:''' Traveler, if you have the time, could you go and pick me up a portion of Almond Tofu? I should stay here &mdash; I may still need to talk her into it...
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Chenxiang:''' Thank you. Just one portion for Doudou is enough.
:{{DIcon}} What illness does she have?
::'''Chenxiang:''' *sigh* I wish I knew. Whatever it is, Dr. Baizhu says it's nearly impossible to cure, and that just keeping the symptoms at bay takes a lot of medication.
::'''Chenxiang:''' I fear she might need to take medicine her whole life. And starting at such a young age... It doesn't bear thinking about.
::'''Chenxiang:''' I just wish I were the one with the illness... But the best I can hope for is that things don't get any worse for the poor child.
::'''Chenxiang:''' Anyway. Please go and fetch me a portion of Almond Tofu, just the one will do.
:{{DIcon}} Hey kiddo. Not liking the medicine, huh?
::'''Hongdou:''' It's sooooo bitter!!! [[Little Lulu|Lulu]]'s medicine is way less bitter than mine!
::'''Chenxiang:''' Doudou... Lulu and her friends were just pretending. That wasn't real medicine they were drinking, it was some leftover sugary water from a bowl of Almond Tofu.
::'''Hongdou:''' Oh... So Almond Tofu won't make me get better? Then... I guess I do have to take that icky medicine...
::'''Chenxiang:''' That's right! Good girl. As soon as you're better you can eat whatever you like!
::'''Hongdou:''' Why can't they make medicine taste sweet like Almond Tofu? So unfair...
::'''Chenxiang:''' *sigh* There's no getting through to her... Anyway. Please go and fetch me a portion of Almond Tofu, just the one will do.

;(Talk to Hongdou)
:'''Hongdou:''' Wah... I don't wanna take it...
:{{DIcon}} Hey kiddo. Not liking the medicine, huh?
:;(Same as above)
----
;(Return to Chenxiang with the Almond Tofu)
:'''Chenxiang:''' Have you brought the Almond Tofu?
:;(Opens the item selection screen)
:'''Hongdou:''' No! I don't want to...
:{{DIcon}} Hey, if you take your medicine, I've got some Almond Tofu for you...
:'''Hongdou:''' Almond Tofu? But I still have to take the medicine first...
:'''Chenxiang:''' Doudou, be a good girl, you'll only get better if you take your medicine... Aaaaand, there's Almond Tofu waiting for you...
:'''Hongdou:''' Wah... But, Mr. Baizhu is so clever... why can't he make the medicine Almond Tofu flavor...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Good Medicine Tastes Bitter
|zhs      = 良药苦口
|zhs_rm   = Liángyàokǔkǒu
|zht      = 良藥苦口
|zht_rm   = Liángyàokǔkǒu
|zh_tl    = {{wt|良藥苦口#Chinese|Good Medicine Tastes Bitter}}
|ja       = 良薬は口に苦し
|ja_rm    = Ryouyaku wa Kuchi ni Nigashi
|ja_tl    = Good Medicine Tastes Bitter
|ja_note  = A proverb which means "the most helpful advice may be difficult to listen to".
|ko       = 좋은 약은 입에 쓰다
|ko_tl    = Good Medicine Tastes Bitter
|ko_note  = A proverb which means "the most helpful advice may be difficult to listen to".
|es       = Un trago amargo
|es_tl    = A Bitter Gulp
|es_note  = An idiom meaning "A bad experience"
|fr       = La meilleure médecine est toujours amère
|fr_tl    = The Best Medicine Is Always Bitter
|ru       = Лучшее лекарство всегда горькое
|ru_tl    = The Best Medicine Is Always Bitter
|th       = หวานเป็นลม ขมเป็นยา
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = Sweet is Wind, Bitter is Medicine
|th_note  = An idiom meaning "Compliments can cause you to become overconfident, but criticism can allow you to improve"
|vi       = Thuốc Đắng {{sic|Dã}}<!--Đã--> Tật
|vi_tl    = Good Medicine Tastes Bitter
|de       = Bittere Medizin
|de_tl    = Bitter Medicine
|id       = Obat yang Baik Terasa Pahit
|id_tl    = Good Medicine Tastes Bitter
|pt       = Os Melhores Remédios São Amargos
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = İyi İlaç Acı Olur
|tr_tl    = Good Medicine is Bitter
|it       = Come addolcire la pillola
|it_tl    = How to sweeten the pill
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|Standalone}}

[[es:Un trago amargo]]
[[ja:良薬は口に苦し]]
[[ru:Лучшее лекарство всегда горькое]]
[[zh:良藥苦口]]