{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23038
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Good Medicine Is Difficult to Make.png
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|requirement   = Give Maruf the wrong instructions in ''[[Good Medicine Is Hard to Come By]]''.
|prev          = [[Good Medicine Is Hard to Come By]]
|other         = AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Zakariya; Maruf
|npc           = Zakariya; Maruf
}}
'''''Good Medicine Is Difficult to Make''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Zakariya]]
# Give the Ajilenakh Nuts/Scarabs to Zakariya
# Bring the medicine to [[Maruf]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* The dialogue in the commission is based on the version of ''[[Good Medicine Is Hard to Come By]]'' the player previously got.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Zakariya seems to be having some trouble...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Zakariya:''' Oh! Traveler! Come over here, I'd like to ask a favor of you.
:'''Traveler:''' What happened?
:'''Zakariya:''' Do you remember Maruf, the doctor from Aaru Village? He sent you to get a prescription from me last time.
:'''Zakariya:''' The poor guy brewed a medicine, tasted it, and ended up retching and vomiting for days.
:'''Zakariya:''' He said that the original prescription didn't work, so he sought to improve it.
:'''Zakariya:''' What in Teyvat did he do to find himself in this miserable state?
:'''Zakariya:''' *sigh* He must've done more than just adjusting the brewing method and modifying the amount of ingredients used.
:'''Zakariya:''' This is not the first time it's happened. Maruf just can't learn his lesson, can he?
:'''Zakariya:''' Forget it. Perhaps he ran into some difficulties.
:'''Zakariya:''' Traveler, could you get some raw ingredients for me? I'll brew a soup myself. Please bring it to Maruf.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:{{DIcon}} You mean he's done something like this before?
::'''Zakariya:''' Yeah, I can't remember how many times. Luckily, he seldom handles poisonous ingredients. Otherwise...
;(If the patient in [[Good Medicine Is Hard to Come By]] had a headache)
::'''Zakariya:''' Maruf adjusted the prescription that I gave him for treating headaches.
::'''Zakariya:''' I still need three Henna Berries. Could you get them for me?
;(If the patient had a stomachache)
::'''Zakariya:''' Maruf adjusted the prescription that I gave him for treating stomachaches.
::'''Zakariya:''' I still need three Ajilenakh Nuts. Could you get them for me?
;(If the patient couldn't see well)
::'''Zakariya:''' Maruf adjusted the prescription that I gave him for treating impaired vision.
::'''Zakariya:''' I still need three Scarabs. Could you get them for me?
::{{DIcon}} Are you sure we're using Scarabs to make the medicine?
::'''Zakariya:''' Relax, I won't throw an entire bug into the soup, but some parts are useful.
::'''Zakariya:''' I'm counting on you, Traveler. Do bring me the ingredients.
----
;(Talk to Zakariya after collecting the ingredients, or if you have the ingredients in your inventory already)
;(Headache version)
::'''Zakariya:''' Traveler, did you get the Henna Berries?
;(Stomachache version)
::'''Zakariya:''' Traveler, did you get the Ajilenakh Nuts?
;(Impaired vision version)
::'''Zakariya:''' Traveler, did you get the Scarabs?
:{{DIcon}} Got them right here.
:;(Opens inventory)
:'''Zakariya:''' Thank you very much, Traveler. I'll get the medicine ready right away.

:'''Zakariya returns inside and starts preparing the medicine...'''

:'''Zakariya:''' Okay, now bring it to Maruf. I hope he learns his lesson this time.
;(Obtain [[Zakariya's Medicine for Maruf]])
----
;(Talk to Maruf)
:'''Maruf:''' Hmm, I don't think there was anything wrong with that ingredient, and I'm sure my brewing method was correct. What happened...
:'''Maruf:''' T&mdash;Traveler, what brings you here?
:{{DIcon}} Zakariya sent me here.
:'''Maruf:''' So you must've heard about the mess I've made. This is embarrassing...
:{{DIcon}} Anyway, drink the medicine first.
:'''Maruf:''' O&mdash;Okay...

:'''Maruf drinks the medicine...'''

:'''Maruf:''' Phew... I feel much better. Zakariya's indeed a great doctor.
:{{DIcon}} Why did you modify the prescription?
:'''Maruf:''' Do you remember the medicine we brewed together last time? It didn't work very well.
:'''Maruf:''' I thought I might've boiled it the wrong way or missed a few ingredients.
:'''Maruf:''' So I... Um... made another bowl based on my experience.
:'''Maruf:''' I tried it first as a reasonable precaution, and I believe you know the rest.
:'''Maruf:''' I just sent someone to get some medicine for me from Dr. Zakariya, but you beat him to the punch.
:'''Maruf:''' Thank you, Traveler. I'm going to get some rest now. After that I'll have to start receiving patients again.
:'''Maruf:''' I've been absent for so long... Many villagers must be waiting.
:'''Maruf:''' *sigh* But I'm running out of herbs again...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Good Medicine Is Difficult to Make
|zhs     = 良药难成
|zhs_rm  = Liángyào Nánchéng
|zht     = 良藥難成
|zht_rm  = Liángyào Nánchéng
|ja      = 良薬は作りがたい
|ja_rm   = Ryouyaku wa Tsukurigatai
|ko      = 좋은 약은 구하기 힘들다
|ko_rm   = Joeun Yageun Guhagi Himdeulda
|es      = Una medicina difícil de elaborar
|fr      = Complexité de panacée
|ru      = Хорошее снадобье приготовить нелегко
|th      = ยาดีนั้นปรุงยาก
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Thuốc Tốt Khó Thành
|de      = Gute Medizin ist schwer herzustellen
|id      = Obat Bagus Susah Bikinnya
|pt      = Bons Remédios são Difíceis de Serem Feitos
|tr      = İyi İlaç Yapmak Zordur
|it      = Le buone cure richiedono impegno
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru}}