{{Location Infobox
|image        = Sign Good Hunter's Daily Recommendation.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|type2        = Bulletin Board
|region       = Mondstadt
|area         = Starfell Valley
|subarea      = Mondstadt City
}}
The '''Good Hunter's Daily Recommendation''' is a bulletin board located in the [[City of Mondstadt]], next to [[Good Hunter]].

==Content==
'''[[Good Hunter]]'''<br>
Bringing Mondstadt the freshest meat daily!

'''Today's Recommendations'''<br>
'''[[Cold Cut Platter]]'''<br>
As the largest meat provider in Mondstadt, we understand the struggles our customers face: "Which is the most delicious? [[Sausage]], [[ham]], or [[bacon]]?"

Sausages, made by mincing and mixing the finest meat, are often seen as a meat lover's greatest delight, but chewy ham dried to perfection is an equally irresistible delicacy. And who could neglect indulgent oily bacon, which works wonders in any dish to which it is added...

For all the fellow meat lovers out there who, just like us, struggle to make this impossible choice between three different forms of perfection incarnate, Good Hunter's Cold Cut Platter is the perfect solution for you!

The platter consists of the finest Good Hunter sausages, [[Wolvendom]] boar bacon, and ham dried in the winds of [[Venti|our archon]], served in equal portions for your maximum pleasure! Our golden platter comes served with wild [[Mist Flower Corolla|Mist Flowers]], which help keep the meat Cryo fresh!

Thanks to the Good Hunter's Special Cold Cut Platter, heaven is a place on earth for every meat lover in Mondstadt!

==Trivia==
The signboard has the following text in [[Teyvat Script]]:

{{Script|teyvat|OPEN}}<br>
{{Script|teyvat|Fine Food}}<br>
{{Script|teyvat|Hot}}<br>
{{Script|teyvat|Chicen}} {{sic}}<br>
{{Script|teyvat|Beer}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Good Hunter's Daily Recommendation
|zhs     = 猎鹿人今日推荐
|zhs_rm  = Lièlù-rén Jīnrì Tuījiàn
|zht     = 獵鹿人今日推薦
|zht_rm  = Lièlù-rén Jīnrì Tuījiàn
|ja      = 鹿狩り今日のおすすめ
|ja_rm   = Shika-gari Kyou no Osusume
|ko      = 디어 헌터 금일 추천
|es      = Recomendación diaria de “El Buen Cazador”
|fr      = Plat du jour au Bon Chasseur
|ru      = «Хороший охотник». Блюдо дня
|th      = เมนูแนะนำประจำวันร้าน Good Hunter
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Kiến Nghị Của Người Săn Hươu
|de      = Empfehlung des Tages vom Hirschjäger
|id      = Rekomendasi Harian Good Hunter
|pt      = Recomendação Diária do Caçador de Cervos
|tr      = Avcının Yeri'nin Günlük Tavsiyesi
|it      = Piatto del giorno consigliato del Buon Cacciatore
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Mondstadt}}

[[ja:鹿狩り今日のおすすめ]]
[[ru:«Хороший охотник». Блюдо дня]]
[[th:เมนูแนะนำประจำวันร้าน Good Hunter]]