{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 23037
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Good Medicine Is Hard to Come By.png
|summary       = <!--editor provided summary-->
|startLocation = [[Aaru Village]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Land of Lower Setekh
|subarea       = Aaru Village
|requirement   = <!--Any quest that needs to be completed first-->
|next          = [[Good Medicine Is Difficult to Make]]
|other         = *AR-Dependent Rewards
*Grants the achievement [[Doctor's Handwriting]] if correct instructions are given to Maruf.
|characters    = Maruf; Zakariya; Traveler
|npc           = Maruf
}}
'''''Good Medicine Is Hard to Come By''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Aaru Village]], [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Maruf]]
# Talk to [[Zakariya]]
# Talk to Maruf

==Gameplay Notes==
* Giving the correct instructions to Maruf grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Doctor's Handwriting]]''.
** If the patient has a headache, the instructions are:
*** Mint.
*** Brew on a high flame throughout.
*** Until the ingredients float.
** If the patient has a stomachache, the instructions are:
*** Henna Berry.
*** Brew on a low flame throughout.
*** Until the ingredients turn mushy.
** If the patient can't see well, the instructions are:
*** Starshroom.
*** A high flame first, and then a low flame.
*** Until the soup deepens in color.
* Giving the incorrect instructions to Maruf may trigger the [[Good Medicine Is Difficult to Make]] commission the next day.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Maruf from Aaru Village seems to be having some trouble...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Maruf, optional)
:'''Maruf:''' (*sigh* I must do something to reassure my patients...)

;(Talk to Maruf)
:'''Maruf:''' *sigh* This condition is tricky. I'd better get Dr. Zakariya's help.
:{{DIcon}} Is someone gravely ill?
:'''Maruf:''' Eh? Ah, Traveler! Nobody's gravely ill. It's just that a (patient's got a severe case of headache/patient's got a severe case of stomachache/patient suddenly can't see well).
:'''Maruf:''' I gave him some medicine, but it didn't really work that well.
:{{DIcon}} Have you tried prescribing other medicine?
:'''Maruf:''' Ahem... That would've been far beyond me. You see, with my limited experience, I can only come up with this many prescriptions...
:'''Maruf:''' They can treat mild conditions alright, but when it comes to serious ones, they're next to useless.
:'''Maruf:''' Luckily, Dr. Zakariya at [[Bimarstan]] has offered to prescribe medicine and get the ingredients ready for me...
:'''Maruf:''' Traveler, can I ask you a favor?
:'''Maruf:''' I've got some patients to attend to, so could you visit Dr. Zakariya in my stead and ask him to prescribe something?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Maruf:''' I'm counting on you, Traveler.
:{{DIcon}} Does Zakariya ever come to the village?
::'''Maruf:''' He occasionally has people send herbs and stuff over, but he's too busy to show up in person, really.
::'''Maruf:''' Anyway, about that prescription &mdash; I'm counting on you, Traveler.

;(Talk to Maruf again)
:'''Maruf:''' Anyway, about that prescription &mdash; I'm counting on you, Traveler.
----
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Zakariya, optional)
:'''Zakariya:''' (Maruf's really carrying a heavy burden...)

;(Talk to Zakariya)
:'''Zakariya:''' Why am I having more and more patients lately...
:{{DIcon}} About Maruf...
:'''Zakariya:''' Maruf? Did he run into some little-understood illness again?

:'''You describe the condition Maruf is treating...'''

:'''Zakariya:''' *sigh* How many times have I told him? He's fully capable of handling something this simple on his own &mdash; without needing my help!
:'''Zakariya:''' I bet the patients are exaggerating their discomfort again, thinking that a mere village doctor is unable to treat their "serious illness."
:'''Zakariya:''' That's why Maruf wants my prescription to reassure them.
:'''Zakariya:''' Looking after the villagers for so many years has definitely not been an easy task for Maruf... I'll write up a prescription right away. Please take note, Traveler.

;(If the patient has a headache)
::'''Zakariya:''' Um, I remember Maruf is treating a patient with...
::{{DIcon}} A headache.
::'''Zakariya:''' Ah, I see. To treat headaches, the prescription that I gave him last time will do.
::'''Zakariya:''' Brew up a herbal soup out of the ingredients listed in the prescription and add three portions of {{color|buzz|Mint}}.
::'''Zakariya:''' After that, keep boiling the soup on a {{color|buzz|high flame}} for around... Forget it... Boil it until {{color|buzz|the ingredients float}}.

;(If the patient has a stomachache)
::'''Zakariya:''' Um, I remember Maruf is treating a patient with...
::{{DIcon}} A stomachache.
::'''Zakariya:''' Ah, I see. To treat stomachaches, the prescription that I gave him last time will do.
::'''Zakariya:''' Brew up a herbal soup out of the raw ingredients listed in the prescription and add three {{color|buzz|Henna Berries}}.
::'''Zakariya:''' After that, keep boiling the soup on a {{color|buzz|low flame}} until {{color|buzz|the ingredients become soft and mushy}}.

;(If the patient can't see well)
::'''Zakariya:''' Um, I remember Maruf is treating a patient...
::{{DIcon}} Who can't see well.
::'''Zakariya:''' Ah, I see. To treat someone with impaired vision, the prescription that I gave him last time would do.
::'''Zakariya:''' Brew up a herbal soup out of raw ingredients listed in my prescription and add a {{color|buzzword|Starshroom}}.
::'''Zakariya:''' After that, keep boiling the soup on a high flame. In fact, I'd suggest a brief {{color|buzzword|high flame}} first before leaving it on a {{color|buzzword|low flame}} for a bit longer, until {{color|buzzword|the soup deepens in color}}.

:'''Zakariya:''' Um... Just in case you forget, I'll write it down.

:'''Zakariya writes down the prescription...'''

:'''Zakariya:''' Please deliver the prescription to Maruf.
:'''Zakariya:''' To be honest, I wouldn't say what I prescribed is "medicine." Instead, it's more of a... How should I put it...
:'''Zakariya:''' Well, it's more of a mild, nutritious supplement.
:'''Zakariya:''' One can be as creative as they want with the prescription. The worst thing they might end up with is a useless soup, that's all.
:'''Zakariya:''' *sigh* Actually, all Maruf had to do was to adjust his original prescription very slightly. Why couldn't he put more trust in himself?
:;(Obtain [[Zakariya's Prescription for Maruf]])
----
;(Talk to Maruf)
:'''Maruf:''' Ah, Traveler, you're back! What did Zakariya say?
:{{DIcon}} About Zakariya's prescription...
:'''Maruf:''' It says to use the soup he prescribed last time as the base? I see... Let me check the instructions more carefully.
:'''Maruf:''' Eh? His writing is, um, unsurprisingly still so hard to understand.
:'''Maruf:''' Traveler, he told you how to brew it and what ingredients are needed, right?
:'''Maruf:''' Could you watch my steps? Let me know if I make any mistakes.
:'''Maruf:''' The ingredients are... Ugh... Totally unintelligible...
:{{DIcon}} Starshroom.
:{{DIcon}} Henna Berry.
:{{DIcon}} Mint.
:'''Maruf:''' How do I brew it?
:{{DIcon}} Brew on a high flame throughout.
:{{DIcon}} Brew on a low flame throughout.
:{{DIcon}} A high flame first, and then a low flame.
:'''Maruf:''' For how long?
:{{DIcon}} Until the ingredients float.
:{{DIcon}} Until the ingredients turn mushy.
:{{DIcon}} Until the soup deepens in color.
:'''Maruf:''' Got it. Allow me to check the prescription one more time, just in case we missed something.

:'''Maruf starts brewing the medicine...'''

;(If the instructions were not correct)
::'''Maruf:''' Something feels off about this soup...
::'''Maruf:''' Anyway, I'll try it first when it's done.
::'''Maruf:''' Thank you, Traveler. Here, this is for you.
;(If the instructions were correct)
::'''Maruf:''' Hmm, the soup looks nice.
::'''Maruf:''' Thank you, Traveler. Here, this is for you.
::'''Maruf:''' When I'm finished, I'll try it myself first.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/BrtkcPSbk7I
|caption1 = Good Medicine Is Hard to Come By: Doctor's Handwriting
}}
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Good Medicine Is Hard to Come By
|zhs     = 良药难求
|zhs_rm  = Liángyào Nánqiú
|zht     = 良藥難求
|zht_rm  = Liángyào Nánqiú
|zh_tl   = Good Medicine Is Hard to Get
|ja      = 良薬は得がたい
|ja_rm   = Ryouyaku wa Egatai
|ja_tl   = Good Medicine Is Hard to Come By
|ko      = 좋은 약은 구하기 힘들다
|ko_rm   = Joeun Yageun Guhagi Himdeulda
|ko_tl   = Good Medicine Is Hard to Get
|es      = Una medicina difícil de encontrar
|es_tl   = A Medicine That's Difficult to Find
|fr      = Rareté de panacée
|fr_tl   = Rarity of Cure-all
|ru      = Хорошее снадобье добыть нелегко
|ru_tl   = It's Hard to Obtain a Good Medicament
|th      = ยาดีนั้นหายาก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thuốc Tốt Khó Tìm
|vi_tl   = Good Medicine Is Hard to Find
|de      = Gute Medizin ist schwer zu bekommen
|de_tl   = Good Medicine Is Hard to Come By
|id      = Obat Bagus Susah Carinya
|id_tl   = Good Medicine Is Hard to Find
|pt      = Bons Remédios são Difíceis de Encontrar
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = İyi İlaç Zor Bulunur
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'ardua ricerca della giusta medicina
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru}}