{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Good Stuff, but Terrible Taste
|id            = 74021
|type          = World
|image         = World Quest Good Stuff, but Terrible Taste (West Beryl Region).png
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Beryl Region
|subarea       = 
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Beryl Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|prev          = 
|next          = Good Stuff, but Terrible Taste — Continued
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Primogem*20;Mora*25,000
|characters    = Paimon; Salsa; Traveler
}}
'''''Good Stuff, but Terrible Taste''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Beryl Region]], [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
* Start the quest by opening a chest spawned after completing a nearby puzzle.
# Place the object in a suitable location

==Gameplay Notes==
* The camera will switch to a fixed overhead view while helping [[Salsa]].
*Completing this World Quest grants access to the viewpoint [[Viewpoint/"Morning in the Beryl Mountains, Clear Weather"|Morning in the Beryl Mountains, Clear Weather]]. 

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Help Salsa place the object(s) in a suitable location.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Open the chest after solving a puzzle)
;(If this is the 1st encounter with Salsa)
::'''Paimon:''' Umm, {{Traveler}}, don't you think this puzzle is a little strange...
::{{DIcon}} I think it's fine as long as it gives us a treasure chest.
:::'''Paimon:''' You're not wrong, but uh...
::{{DIcon}} Strange? I don't think it's strange at all.
:::'''Paimon:''' Paimon's not sure, it's just... just looking at it makes Paimon's nose tickle!
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon has so many questions. Who placed these items? And why did they place them here?
::{{DIcon}} Sometimes the more you think about it, the worse it makes you feel.
:::'''Paimon:''' But some questions don't go away once they pop up in your head... Every time Paimon closes her eyes, they spin around like Specters... Hmm...
::{{DIcon}} Perhaps a mysterious person with an equally mysterious agenda is behind this...
:::'''Paimon:''' Paimon knows when you're just making things up! Hmph!
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon got it! These puzzles in the wild are actually set up by the Adventurers' Guild! The aim is to train the Guild's rookie adventurers!
::'''Paimon:''' After all, places like ruins and dungeons are really dangerous. Most puzzles in the wild are safer compared to those deadly devices.
::'''Paimon:''' As for this strange puzzle... A rookie adventurer from the Adventurers' Guild must have set it up! This person has no experience so it ended up looking pretty strange.
::'''Paimon:''' How's that? Makes a lot of sense, right?
::{{DIcon}} So... it's a case of rookies training fellow rookies?
::'''Paimon:''' U&mdash;Umm, that can't be helped! No one is born with work experience, so if you must have experience before you can do the job, then no one will be able to work!
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon doesn't mind a strange puzzle if that's the case.
::'''???:''' How weak! To be kind to others is to be cruel to yourself!
::'''Paimon:''' Woah! W&mdash;Where did you pop up from, little girl?
::'''Salsa:''' Lil' Miss, I'm not some nameless little girl. Behold, standing before you is the great artist Salsa, who will be the future of Fontaine's art scene.
::'''Paimon:''' Lil' Miss!? Is she referring to Paimon?
::{{DIcon}} {{MC|m=I don't think I will ever be addressed as "Lil' Miss."|f=I'm a Lil' Miss, yes, but...}}
::'''Salsa:''' Well of course! Look, I'm THIS much taller than you! Although I'm shorter than the {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} next to you...
::'''Salsa:''' But Mom said that as long as I drink a lot of milk and go to bed on time, I'll definitely grow taller! So I'll be a big sister in a few years' time, and you'll be a {{MC|m=younger brother|f=younger sister}}!
::{{DIcon}} I don't think it works that way.
::{{DIcon}} Yay, Big Sis Salsa!
:::'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, not you too!
::'''Paimon:''' But Salsa, what are you doing here? Oh! Is this canvas yours?
::'''Salsa:''' Yeah, the scenery's really pretty here so it's a great place to sketch. If it weren't for these ugly things, I would have completed my painting long ago.
::'''Salsa:''' {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} and flying Lil' Miss, are you two here to sketch too? Excellent taste!
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, we forgot to introduce ourselves... Paimon's Paimon, not some "flying Lil' Miss"! {{MC|m=He|f=She}} is {{Traveler}}, and we are adventurers traveling around the world.
::'''Salsa:''' Wha&mdash;! So you guys are members of that evil organization!? Oh no, I let my guard down...
::'''Paimon:''' Evil organization?
::'''Salsa:''' Didn't Lil' Miss Paimon mention it just now? Those bad guys in green from that evil organization. They installed all these ugly things here, and ruined all the beautiful scenery...
::'''Salsa:''' I didn't realize you two were together with those evil green guys! What am I gonna do now...
::'''Paimon:''' Didn't Paimon say that&mdash; Sigh, forget it. Is there anything we can do to help? After all, {{Traveler}} is a member of the Adventurers' Guild...
::'''Salsa:''' Ooohhh! Are you going to become one of the good guys now? That's the right choice!
::'''Salsa:''' We should work together to defeat the evil organization, so our eyes no longer get polluted by ugly things!
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't understand... What do we have to do, exactly? We can't just charge into the headquarters of the Adventurers' Guild, right?
::'''Salsa:''' Dad said that we have to do things one step at a time. So, we should start with what's in front of us.
::'''Salsa:''' {{Traveler}} and Lil' Miss Paimon, please help me rearrange these ugly things!
::'''Salsa:''' With Great Artist Salsa's guidance, this is going to be a piece of cake, so don't worry.
::'''Paimon:''' O&mdash;Okay then, we'll listen to you. {{Traveler}}, let's give it a try?
;(If this is the 2nd encounter with Salsa){{Verify}}
::'''Salsa:''' Wow! It's {{Traveler}} and Lil' Miss Paimon! We meet again!
::'''Paimon:''' Hi, Salsa. We were just wondering if you would be around after we saw the canvas.
::'''Paimon:''' We parted ways in a hurry back then... How have you been? Did you get scolded by your parents when you got home?
::'''Salsa:''' Hehe, I was studying at my desk when Mom and Dad came home, so they didn't have any excuse to scold me.
::'''Salsa:''' Although I wasn't actually studying and was just putting on an act, pretending to be studying was really tiring.
::'''Salsa:''' I put up my best performance so Mom and Dad can't see through it.
::{{DIcon}} Well, you can consider acting to be a future career path.
:::'''Salsa:''' Oh? But I've decided to become a great artist. Wait, I can become an actress who plays an artist. That doesn't sound right, though...
::{{DIcon}} I think studying hard is easier than practicing how to act...
:::'''Salsa:''' Studying is so tiring, but acting isn't any better. Why is my life so hard?
::'''Salsa:''' ...But now that I think about it, did Mom and Dad truly not realize that I was just acting? Or are they just pretending not to know...?
::'''Paimon:''' What a complicated family relationship...
::'''Salsa:''' I thought long and hard, but I still can't figure things out. I don't have enough observation skills to realize the truth...
::'''Salsa:''' So I came out to sketch again. I thought that I could practice my observation skills once I found a sketching place with a beautiful view...
::'''Salsa:''' But it turns out those evil green guys laid their traps here too! Ugh, this is so annoying!
::{{DIcon}} How annoying!
:::'''Paimon:''' It's terrible that they're ruining the scenery and everything... but why are you getting so worked up?
::{{DIcon}} Even if it's a trap, as long as there are treasure chests, I'll&mdash;
:::'''Paimon:''' It's not even a real trap...
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... how about rearranging it like last time? We only adjusted the item positions and everything immediately felt right.
::'''Salsa:''' Lil' Miss Paimon is right! We just have to adjust the positions and destroy those evil green guys' traps!
;(If this is the 3rd encounter with Salsa)
::'''Salsa:''' {{Traveler}} and Lil' Miss Paimon! *sobs*
::'''Paimon:''' Hello Salsa! What's wrong? You're looking really upset. Oh, there are "traps laid by the evil green guys" here too. No wonder you're in a bad mood...
::'''Salsa:''' A&mdash;Am I going to die soon?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh!? Is it that serious? It does look kinda strange, but Paimon doesn't think it's that bad. At least, it's not worse than before...
::'''Paimon:''' Oh no... Has Paimon's aesthetic sense been corrupted by the evil organization to the point she can't tell good from bad?
::'''Salsa:''' No, no, that's not it. It's me, I got a case of "obsessive compulsive disorder."
::'''Paimon:''' "Obsessive compulsive disorder?"
::'''Salsa:''' Yeah, I've read about this disease in books, and I can relate to the symptoms. Mom and Dad didn't really take it seriously and told me "Then you should just stop reading about it."
::'''Salsa:''' But I can't control myself. When I think about the beautiful scenery that has been destroyed by those ugly things planted by the evil organization, I'm so bothered that I can't eat or sleep at all.
::'''Salsa:''' I feel really sick. My goodness, Fontaine is about to lose a great budding artist...
::{{DIcon}} Maybe you should go see a doctor?
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, {{Traveler}}'s right. Paimon thinks it's best to let medical professionals handle it...
::'''Paimon:''' But Paimon doesn't think Salsa's issue is that severe. Anyone would be upset to see a beautiful landscape destroyed.
::'''Paimon:''' Besides, Paimon already knows how to make you feel better! We just have to reposition those ugly things and make them part of the pretty scenery, and the problem will be solved.
::{{DIcon}} It's a temporary solution.
::'''Paimon:''' A temporary solution is still a solution! Let's get started, {{Traveler}}! With Salsa's guidance, we can definitely recreate the lovely view, right?
;(If this is the 4th encounter with Salsa)
::'''Salsa:''' Hello, it's nice to see you two again!
::'''Paimon:''' Hi Salsa. Oh right, about what happened last time... Paimon's sorry, are you still angry?
::'''Salsa:''' Hmm? Last time? What happened?
::'''Paimon:''' Umm... Paimon shouldn't have brought up a nasty topic like homework when you were in a good mood...
::'''Salsa:''' Oh, that... Actually, I really forgot about my homework.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh?
::'''Salsa:''' When I got home, I realized that I hadn't finished my homework. If it weren't for you, I would have been scolded by Mom and Dad, and my teacher too.
::'''Paimon:''' See! Told you it was for Salsa's sake! It's all thanks to Paimon's foresight, hehe.
::{{DIcon}} I guess it's a fluke, then.
::'''Paimon:''' It's all thanks to Paimon that everything turned out well, okay?
::'''Salsa:''' It all worked out! I finished my homework so Mom and Dad are pleased, and I didn't have to try so hard to put on an act. Everyone's happy, so this is a perfect ending!
::{{DIcon}} Paimon was worried for nothing, what a huge loss.
::'''Paimon:''' Yep yep! Paimon was so worried about upsetting Salsa, she could barely enjoy her food! Who would have thought that the ever-reliable Salsa would make such a blunder?
::'''Salsa:''' That's because I'm still a kid. Isn't it normal for children to be forgetful?
::'''Salsa:''' Even adults forget about things. Dad also forgot to turn in some paperwork before, and not only was he scolded by Mom, but also by the clerk...
::'''Salsa:''' He ended up being embarrassed for a whole week!
::'''Salsa:''' It's super terrifying! I'm never going to work at the Fontaine Research Institute.
::'''Paimon:''' Your parents work there?
::'''Salsa:''' Yeah, that's why they are always busy and often away from home. But it's better that way. If they were at home every day, I wouldn't be able to go out and sketch so often.
::'''Salsa:''' I like the way it is now. My parents' work is fulfilling, and so is my work.
::'''Paimon:''' Your work? You mean homework?
::'''Salsa:''' Of course not. Look, there's a trap left by the evil organization here. Our job is to clear these traps, remember?
::'''Paimon:''' Ah, the traps... Then it wouldn't be too hard since we've done the same thing many times before. {{Traveler}}, let's help Salsa again this time!
;(If this is the 5th encounter with Salsa)
::'''Salsa:''' {{Traveler}} and Lil' Miss Paimon... Hello there...
::'''Paimon:''' Hello, Salsa. Are you alright? You don't look too good...
::'''Salsa:''' Do you think there's an end to time?
::'''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Why are you asking such a deep question out of the blue?
::'''Salsa:''' I'm just wondering if there will be an end to the days of fighting the evil organization.
::'''Salsa:''' All I wanna do is play and chat with you while enjoying this beautiful scenery...
::'''Salsa:''' But every time we meet, ugly things will appear and get in our way... And we end up having to spend a lot of time trying to restore the view...
::'''Salsa:''' Don't you have anything to say about this fate that has befallen us?
::'''Paimon:''' Can this be called fate? It just seems like a coincidence... If there's something that stands out in a place with a beautiful view, people will come to see it out of curiosity.
::'''Paimon:''' What do you think, {{Traveler}}?
::{{DIcon}} Ugh... I'm feeling a little... tired...
:::'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see... This is already the fifth time! No wonder you're tired...
::{{DIcon}} Nothing matters, except for treasure chests.
:::'''Paimon:''' You're going to miss out on the scenery along the way!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... As long as you have an eye for beauty, there is actually amazing scenery everywhere! Why not admire the view elsewhere and ignore these ugly things?
::'''Salsa:''' Paimon, you're avoiding the issue! Running away is not going to solve the problem... Oh yes, since you're members of that evil organization, have you gathered any inside news?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? That's gonna be a bit difficult if it's just the two of us... But we can solve the problem right here, right away! C'mon, let's get rid of the evil trap!
::'''Salsa:''' Alright then...
----
:'''Salsa:''' If you put it in the right place, it will be a decoration, but if you put it in the wrong place, it's basically a nuisance.
:'''Salsa:''' And they placed it right in the middle of the road!? What an evil trap...
:'''Salsa:''' The way I see it, it's {{color|buzzword|not the centerpiece so it shouldn't be in the middle at all}}.

:'''Paimon:''' Y'know, never mind whether the picture would look nicer, it really is kinda in the way, huh? Can we just {{color|buzzword|shift it to one side}}? 

;(Talk to Salsa, optional)
:'''Salsa:''' I wonder if other mountaineering adventurers would get caught in such a sinister trap...
:'''Salsa:''' {{Traveler}}, this is for everyone's sake, isn't it?

;(If the player walks away from the puzzle)
:'''Salsa:''' Are you two leaving now? 
:'''Salsa:''' Well, okay then... I'll wait for you here. 

;(If the player returns to the puzzle)
:'''Salsa:''' You're back! Shall we continue? 

;(Pick up the [[Water Volume Detection Crystal]])
;(Place the crystal at the bottom spot on the road, optional)
:'''Salsa:''' Ohh, it's getting too close! The image is about to be filled to the brim with ugly things...

;(Place the crystal at the top spot on the road, optional)
:'''Salsa:''' It's still wrong... Please think it over!
----
;(Place the crystal to the side of the road)
;(If this is the 1st encounter with Salsa)
::'''Salsa:''' Good, very good. It looks so much better this way!
::'''Salsa:''' The points, lines, and planes are all in harmony, with every detail being executed flawlessly. Everything just looks so much more pleasing. Mm!
::'''Salsa:''' Dad was right when he said "There's no trash in this world that can't be saved, only resources in the wrong places."
::'''Salsa:''' {{Traveler}} and Paimon, thanks to your hard work, our world has taken another step in the right direction!
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, we didn't do much.
::'''Paimon:''' Now that Paimon looks at it, everything sure looks better after we rearranged them. All we did was change things around a little... The sense of disarray from before is completely gone.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon thought you were just a kid who was full of herself... Paimon didn't expect you to actually know a lot about composition and framing.
::'''Salsa:''' Wha&mdash;! Aren't we buddies who battle against the evil organization together? Such little faith... I'm devastated.
::'''Paimon:''' It's not that Paimon doesn't believe in your skills, it's just... Aww, don't be sad.
::'''Salsa:''' ...Ah! Oh no!
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? What now?
::'''Salsa:''' I nearly forgot, Mom and Dad are coming home today!
::{{DIcon}} They aren't usually at home?
::'''Salsa:''' Yeah, because Mom and Dad are amazing. Amazing people are always very, very busy.
::'''Salsa:''' I'm also very, very busy now, but I'm nowhere near as amazing. When I become a great artist, I can be as unreasonable as I want, just like Mom and Dad.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? What does being amazing have to do with being unreasonable?
::'''Salsa:''' That's because Mom and Dad always check my homework when they're back. Even when I've finished everything! As long as I'm not sitting at my desk, they'll say...
::'''Salsa:''' "Salsa, oh Salsa, you're slacking off again. What are you going to do in the future if you play with brushes and paints all day long?"
::'''Salsa:''' Even though I tell them that I've long finished my homework, they will continue nagging... But no matter how unreasonable they are, I can't get a word in because they're too brilliant.
::'''Salsa:''' So I always pretend to be working really hard whenever Mom and Dad come home, even when I haven't finished my homework. Then they won't have anything to say!
::'''Salsa:''' Hmph! I'll say unreasonable things however I like when I become as amazing as my parents... or even better than them.
::'''Paimon:''' This feels kinda wrong somehow...
::'''Salsa:''' Oh no! I'm running late... I won't make it if I don't go off now!
::'''Salsa:''' It was so nice to meet, {{Traveler}} and Paimon! Thank you so much for helping, I gotta go home now!
::{{DIcon}} Take care.
::'''Paimon:''' Be careful not to fall!
::{{Black Screen|Salsa runs off with her canvas and box of drawing tools...}}
::'''Paimon:''' ...She's like a little whirlwind. Children these days don't have it easy, huh? Thank goodness Paimon doesn't have homework.
::{{DIcon}} Paimon, oh, Paimon, you're slacking off again...
::'''Paimon:''' Nooo, {{Traveler}}, stop! Paimon can't hear you!
;(If this is the 2nd encounter with Salsa){{Verify}}
::'''Salsa:''' Yes, yes! Now the evil traps are all gone! I'm the best!
::'''Paimon:''' It sure looks a lot better now. But all we did was just change the positions of the items...
::'''Paimon:''' It doesn't seem difficult at all! Hmm, Paimon wonders why some people arrange things in such a strange way to begin with...
::{{DIcon}} And they pick the places with beautiful scenery.
::'''Paimon:''' Exactly! Paimon wonders if it's because they have a sense of beauty, or a lack of it...
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks we should get Salsa to teach the rookie members of the Adventurers' Guild the art of item arrangement.
::'''Salsa:''' Really? I have so much to tell those members of the evil organization! But they don't really listen to me...
::'''Paimon:''' Wow... Did you really go to the Adventurers' Guild to send a complaint?
::'''Salsa:''' Mmhmm, I talked to Katheryne, but she's really strange. All she said was "ad astra abyssosque," and she never told me which member was behind this...
::{{DIcon}} She tells me "ad astra abyssosque" too.
:::'''Paimon:''' Paimon's pretty sure she says other things.
::{{DIcon}} Maybe you didn't approach this correctly.
:::'''Paimon:''' Oh right, if you suddenly talk about traps from an evil organization, Paimon's not sure if Katheryne can understand.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Maybe it's because you're too young, so no one really takes you seriously when you're asking questions or giving opinions.
::'''Salsa:''' Paimon, does Katheryne listen to you?
::'''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;Yes?
::'''Salsa:''' But I'm so much older than you... You're basically a kid!
::'''Salsa:''' But I'm not a child. Don't treat me as if I don't know anything! I know a lot, hmph.
::'''Paimon:''' Umm, you say that, but...
::'''Salsa:''' I'm a big girl. Not only do I know a lot, I have a lot of things to do! ...Ah, I have to get home.
::'''Salsa:''' I really wanna play with you and Paimon a little longer, but I have to go now!
::{{Black Screen|Salsa leaves with her canvas and small box...}}
::'''Paimon:''' She left in a hurry as always... We didn't even say goodbye properly this time... Paimon wonders if we'll meet her again...
;(If this is the 3rd encounter with Salsa)
::'''Salsa:''' I'm all cured now! This looks so much nicer.
::'''Salsa:''' You're right, {{Traveler}} and Paimon. Ugly things aren't bad things. As long as we place them properly, they can become good things.
::'''Salsa:''' One ugly thing down, another good thing is born. We have moved two steps forward towards a world of beauty!
::{{DIcon}} Half the effort, twice the results!
:::'''Paimon:''' Uhh, something feels wrong with this calculation method...
::{{DIcon}} I don't think we can count it like this.
:::'''Salsa:''' You guys are silly. Everyone knows that one plus one equals two!
:::'''Paimon:''' That's not what {{Traveler}} meant...
::'''Salsa:''' Anyway, the three of us are doing great! If we keep this up, all the ugly things will someday be gone from this world!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Wouldn't it be difficult with just the three of us? {{Traveler}} has important things to do, and Salsa has homework, right?
::'''Salsa:''' *sobs* Paimon, why do you have to say such discouraging things when everything is going well... Aren't we a team fighting for justice?
::'''Salsa:''' I finally found something that made me happy, and now I'm sad again... Even you're nagging at me to do my homework... I'm going home right now!
::'''Salsa:''' Bye!
::{{Black Screen|Salsa leaves in a huff with her canvas and small box...}}
::'''Paimon:''' Oh... She's gone in a flash...
::{{DIcon}} Look what you've done, Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' P&mdash;Paimon didn't want her to get scolded... Paimon didn't say anything too harsh, right?
::'''Paimon:''' Umm, anyway, Paimon should probably apologize if we ever meet Salsa again...
;(If this is the 4th encounter with Salsa)
::'''Salsa:''' This looks so much better. This is a... reconstruction project, right? It's just like how they rebuilt the Fontaine Research Institute, and restored the ruins to its original state.
::'''Paimon:''' Reconstruction project?
::'''Salsa:''' Yeah! Mom said the Central Laboratory was a really pretty building before it flew up into the sky, unlike now.
::'''Salsa:''' But some felt that the lab in the sky is more beautiful than it was before. That's why the Fontaine Research Institute is considering launching a "Ruins Tour" for outsiders.
::'''Salsa:''' Don't tell anyone, but I've been to the ruins near the Fontaine Research Institute.
::'''Salsa:''' That's when I heard about the "Ruins Tour." Two adults were arguing over whether to leave the ruins as they were.
::'''Salsa:''' One of them said that if it were an ordinary building, people wouldn't be interested in it, because Fontaine has so much beautiful architecture.
::'''Salsa:''' But if it were ruins, people would find it novel.
::'''Salsa:''' So if they were to use "ruins" as a "selling point," they would be able to attract many visitors, and the Fontaine Research Institute's financial problems would be solved.
::{{DIcon}} Selling point...
:::'''Paimon:''' ...Fontaine Research Institute is a research organization, right?
::{{DIcon}} Financial problems?
:::'''Salsa:''' Mom said that the financial problems made it even harder to apply for funding.
::'''Salsa:''' I still think the former Fontaine Research Institute is prettier. It looks exactly like the one in the drawings.
::'''Salsa:''' The lab in the sky now... looks just like a trap laid by the evil organization. Its elements are all there, but the way it's arranged is wrong, so the way it looks is wrong too.
::'''Paimon:''' Umm... Paimon doesn't really understand. But everything looks pretty good after we rearranged them according to your suggestions! Huh, is this what they call "artistic talent"?
::'''Salsa:''' Hmph, you're only saying this now? I told you, I'm a great budding artist!
::{{DIcon}} Yay! All hail the great artist!
:::'''Salsa:''' I'm not there just yet... But I hope the day will come soon, hehe.
::{{DIcon}} Don't forget about us when you're famous.
:::'''Salsa:''' Of course I won't! {{Traveler}} and Paimon are my buddies of justice!
::{{Black Screen|You spend a relaxing time with Salsa...<br>When it's time to part, you say your goodbyes, and Salsa skips away merrily with her canvas and small box...}}
;(If this is the 5th encounter with Salsa)
::'''Salsa:''' And we're done! But... the evil forces are everywhere, and there're traps laid by them all over the place. There's no way the three of us will be enough...
::{{DIcon}} There's nothing we can do but to accept the reality.
:::'''Paimon:''' Mmhmm, things don't always go the way we want.
::{{DIcon}} Let's destroy all of this!
:::'''Paimon:''' You're trying to make the trap disappear by rearranging things, right?
:::'''Paimon:''' ...You're not really going to destroy them all, are you?
::'''Salsa:''' Unfortunately, there aren't many people with a sense of beauty and the urge to take action like me. If there were 100 Salsas, Fontaine would surely be a more beautiful country.
::{{DIcon}} Why don't we paint the clockwork meka so that they look like Salsa?
:::'''Paimon:''' That's gonna be so scary!
::{{DIcon}} I think that'll end up becoming another evil trap...
:::'''Paimon:''' One hundred Salsas... Paimon's head hurts just thinking about a hundred Salsas calling Paimon "Lil' Miss"...
::'''Salsa:''' If there were more people like {{Traveler}} and Paimon who are willing to contribute to the cause of justice, I'm sure things would be better than they are now...
::'''Paimon:''' Salsa, why don't you ask other people too? If you ask your parents, you might be able to submit a request to the Adventurers' Guild.
::'''Salsa:''' Wha&mdash;! Wouldn't that mean that I would have to join those evil guys? No way.
::'''Paimon:''' Salsa, have you forgotten that {{Traveler}}'s also sort of from the Adventurers' Guild?
::'''Salsa:''' You guys are different, because you're my good friends who abandoned evil ways and decided to fight for justice. But you're right, I definitely need other helpers.
::'''Salsa:''' I have to find artists who have a sense of beauty and are willing to take action like me, so that we can form an alliance.
::'''Salsa:''' For the future of Fontaine and the future of this land, we will stand against the evil organization that destroys the scenery.
::'''Salsa:''' Yes, that's right! {{Traveler}} and Paimon are members one and two of the "Alliance of Artists to Overthrow the Evil Organization and Protect the Future of Fontaine."
::'''Paimon:''' "A&mdash;Alliance of Artists to Overthrow the Evil Organization and Protect the Future of Fontaine"?
::'''Salsa:''' Whaddya think? It's a super-cool name, right?
::'''Paimon:''' Umm, okay... But if we're member number one and two, then what about you, Salsa?
::'''Salsa:''' I'm the founder, so of course I'm number zero!
::'''Salsa:''' Oh, the more I think about it, the more excited I am! I have so much work to do, I can't wait! The future of this world depends on us.
::'''Paimon:''' This does sound like a job worth devoting your life to, but Paimon thinks there are a lot of things you haven't figured out...
::'''Paimon:''' Oh well, never mind, as long as Salsa is happy. We're doing good things anyway.
::'''Salsa:''' Mmhmm, we are fighting for a good cause! That's why I have to go find more like-minded companions right now, there's no time to waste!
::'''Paimon:''' Is it time to say goodbye? All the best Salsa, hopefully we'll meet again!
::{{DIcon}} Goodbye, Number Zero!
::{{DIcon}} Good luck Salsa, you got this.
::'''Salsa:''' Bye bye, Number One and Two! I hope to see you again in a more beautiful Fontaine!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/v4UYUZvjTNo?si=3EqrjR3qi4Hp-Rx6
|caption1 = Guide: Good Stuff, but Terrible Taste (West Beryl Region)
|start = 299
}}
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Good Stuff, but Terrible Taste (Southeast Beryl Region)}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}