{{Event
|name              = Google Play Gift Card Collab-Event
|image             = Google Play Gift Card Collab-Event.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-07-18 00:00:00
|time_end          = 2022-12-06 00:00:00
|link              = https://twitter.com/GooglePlay/status/1549804394077736960
}}

==Purchase Period==
# Purchase Period: 2022/07/18 – 2022/12/06
# Redemption Period: 2022/07/18 – ???

==Redeemable Rewards==
Collaboration Furnishings: [[Flash of Glory]] * 1. Click on the link below to learn more about gift card rewards, find eligible physical store addresses, or purchase online: [https://play.google/giftcards Google Play gift cards]

Q: Where can I buy a Google Play gift card?<br>
A: Travelers can click on the link below to purchase online or find nearby eligible shops.<br>
[https://play.google/giftcards Google Play gift cards]

Q: How do I redeem the contents of the card after purchasing it?<br>
A: After purchasing a gift card and obtaining its redemption code, go to the Google Play Store on your mobile device to redeem your reward (function only available on mobile). Tap on Profile > Redeem, then enter the redemption code. Afterwards, you will obtain your reward via in-game mail the next time you log in.
*After successfully redeeming the gift card in the Google Play Store, the reward will be sent via in-game mail to the first UID used to log in. So Travelers, please make sure to log in using the correct UID~

Q: Can I use my UID to redeem the same reward again?<br>
A: No. Each UID is limited to one reward of each type. The same UID cannot claim the same reward more than once. Redemption codes used to claim a certain type of reward you have already claimed previously will be invalid. Please be sure of the account and server region used to redeem the reward as well as the type of gift card before logging in to receive your reward.

Q: How many UIDs can each gift card be redeemed for?<br>
A: A gift card redemption code can be only used for one UID. Travelers should be sure of the UID they use to redeem their reward.

==Bundles==
;$?{{Colon}} Surprise Bundle 1
{{color|old|Unknown}}

;$10 - $24.99{{Colon}} Surprise Bundle 2{{Verify}} (valued up to $7)
{{color|old|Unknown}}

;$25 and Up{{Colon}} Surprise Bundle 3{{Verify}} (valued up to $17)
{{Card|Flash of Glory|2}}{{Card|Sashimi Platter|5}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}{{Card|"Pile 'Em Up"|1}}

Google Gift Card cost requirements and the prices at which Surprise Bundles are valued may vary depending on your local currency and region.

==Notes==
* According to a response by Genshin Impact Customer Support, the event had ended before 2022-12-06. However, the exact end date of this event is unknown.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}