{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Gorou
|id             = 368143
|image          = Character Gorou Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Gorou''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
* My comrades...
* Time to train...
* The resistance...
* My tail fur's messy...
* For victory...

When the player is nearby:

* Hey! You're back!
* Is everything alright?

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo gorou mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hey, (Traveler)! You're back!
:{{A|vo gorou mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So what's up, everything alright?
:{{DIcon}} Are you settling in okay?
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yeah, you bet! Don't worry, I'm exceedingly good at adapting to new environments.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' There've been times in the past when I've had to make do with a rock for a pillow, or just find a patch of grass to lie down on. In the army, you learn how to sleep well wherever you are.
::{{DIcon}} So do feel that life here is too relaxed?
:::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Haha, why would you think that?
:::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' If your bowstring is always drawn tight, it will eventually snap.
:::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Relaxation is an essential part of improving as a fighter. So as far as I'm concerned, this place is the perfect antidote to the tension of battle!
::{{DIcon}} Well, you can finally take it easy here...
:::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' *sigh*... Seems so.
:::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Time of peace is hard to come by. I will cherish every moment of it.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Which brings me to you. I wanted to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude for everything you've done for me. Thank you!
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' You've always been genuine with me, it truly warms my heart.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Anyway, don't worry, I'm not here to just take advantage and lounge around. I'm ready to switch to combat mode at a moment's notice!

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Sure!
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' How about I tell you some stories from my time in the resistance? I can think of a few you're not likely to hear from anybody else...
::{{DIcon}} I'd love to know more...
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Alright! The truth is, not every soldier that joins the resistance goes through formal training, so new soldiers make small mistakes from time to time.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' For example, one time during a mock expedition, one of the new soldiers didn't store his rations carefully enough. They went bad, and he ended up eating nothing but Radishes for two whole weeks.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Another time during a scouting operation, a new soldier mistook animal trails for enemy trails. They ended up playing cat and mouse with a forest boar for three whole days...
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Thankfully, these were just small oversights, and never caused any serious consequences. On the contrary, we often have a good laugh about these things during our down time.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But when I think about it, I'm sure we would avoid issues like these if we reformed some of our guidelines.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' We should be mixing veteran soldiers and newer soldiers together. This way, veteran soldiers can act as mentors and share their experience with the newer soldiers...
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Uh, my apologies, I began thinking out loud there!
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I can go over these reforms some other time! Right now, I'm chatting with you, so I should keep it light.
::{{DIcon}} I want to hear more about the Ever-Victorious General.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' ...You want to hear my story?
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Uhh...
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Soldiers love boasting about my military achievements to other people, but I always feel that talking about my own experience gives the impression I'm boasting.
::{{DIcon}} I want to hear it!
::{{DIcon}} I would never think you're boasting.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Heh, you know I can't say no to you, don't you? ...Wait, that's why you asked, isn't it?
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Heh... Alright, I guess there's no way out of this one...
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Let me think... Okay, let me tell you the thrilling tale of my one-man scouting mission to the north of Nazuchi Beach.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship2 17.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Here's what I remember from that day...

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yeah! I heard from Tubby the Butler Bird that she can change the terrain to whatever you want.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So, could you build a really tall mountain? The steeper the better — I want it to be a tough climb.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Then, let's you and I have a race to the top!
::{{DIcon}} No problem.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Wow, you didn't take much persuading! Thank you!
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I used to go mountain climbing with my resistance comrades all the time. It was a great way to test our physical limits while also having some fun together... I have so many treasured memories.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But something tells me that the chance to climb a mountain with you would become the happiest memory of them all.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' In fact, I would love to share every happy moment with you.
::{{DIcon}} I understand.
::{{DIcon}} Gorou, I also want to thank you.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hah, you're too kind! Alright... how about we find a relatively safe mountain trail and see who makes it to the top the fastest? Are you up to the challenge!?
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' The loser has to treat the winner to a three-course meal... and at least one of the courses has to be dessert...
::{{DIcon}} I... just want to touch your tail...
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 10a 1.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Uh? What a weird request...
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 10a 2.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But, fine... if you win, of course!
::{{DIcon}} "I want to use your tail as a pillow when I go to sleep...
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 10b 1.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' What!? My tail... as a pillow...
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 10b 2.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I... Fine, I'll allow it. But only if you win.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' For the sake of my tail, I will give it everything I got! If you're serious about winning this, you're gonna have your work cut out for you!
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Right! We should probably warm up first...
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Gorou.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Morning, (Traveler)!
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I've completed my training for the day. If you plan on leaving now, then let me accompany you!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Gorou.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Good night, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Rest well, friend. Remember that the secret to good sleep is letting go of all your worries.
::{{A|vo gorou mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Therefore, the "Ever-Victorious General" is here to protect you.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Rural Concealment===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq gorou village 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' A village can provide troops, conceal provisions, assist with reconnaissance, and so on... They often function as key strategic locations in resistance operations.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq gorou village 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' The layout of this village is quite conventional, I doubt anyone could point to anything that's out of place. You've clearly done your homework on Inazuma's environment!
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq gorou village 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I am thoroughly impressed by your abilities.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Wakeful Spring===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq gorou hotspring 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Nothing beats a warm and cozy hot spring...
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq gorou hotspring 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Just half an hour in a hot spring is enough to get rid of all the fatigue that accumulates during training and battle.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq gorou hotspring 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Do you mind if I take a dip now? Ooh! You wanna join me?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}