{{About|the Quest NPC|the [[Weekly Boss]]|Lord of Eroded Primal Fire|the dragon whose form it took|Xiuhcoatl}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = Gosoythoth.png
|affiliation      = Abyss
|title            = Reaper of the Abyss
}}
'''Gosoythoth''', also known as the '''Reaper of the Abyss''',<ref name="FtSL">{{Ref/Quest|For the Same Land}}</ref> is a powerful entity described as the heart of the [[Abyss]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Despair Engulfs the Heavens|quote='''Xilonen:''' The crux of the issue is that the '''heart of the Abyss''' itself has joined the invasion. That's a power we just can't match.}}</ref> It first appeared in the {{Quest|The Surging Darkness}} when the Abyss managed to snuff out the [[Sacred Flame]].<ref name=":0">{{Ref/Quest|The Surging Darkness}}</ref> 

==Profile==
Gosoythoth is an entity of ineffable form, manifested from the immense power of the Abyss after the Sacred Flame was extinguished. Its presence alone painted the sky black and brought forth endless calamity to all of Natlan.

It is capable of raining down [[Abyss Tumor]]s that spawn [[Abyssal Pylon]]s, summoning countless Abyssal monsters in its wake. It also has the same mimicry abilities as the [[Tenebrous Mimiflora]] and [[Tenebrous Papilla]], being able to assume an alternate form in which it imitates an enemy. Using this ability, Gosoythoth was able to assume the form of [[Xiuhcoatl]], one of the [[Seven Sovereigns]].

==Story==
After the Sacred Flame was extinguished, the Abyss launched an all-out invasion upon Natlan, manifesting its heart atop the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]]. As [[Mavuika]] activated the might of the [[Gnosis]] to reignite the Sacred Flame and temporarily restrained the Abyssal incursion, it escaped into the sky, looming over Natlan and staining the earth and sky black.<ref name=":0" />

As the Abyssal corrosion intensified, Gosoythoth began raining down Abyss Tumors all over the region, spawning Abyssal Pylons that summoned Abyssal monsters to corrode the land even further.

After the six heroes gathered, Mavuika awakened the power of the Divine Throne and declared the Night War, during which all the warriors of Natlan would keep resurrecting, effectively wiping out the Abyss's forces. Mavuika then gathered all her strength and launched a devastating light of flames that pierces through Gosoythoth and the sky itself, ending its invasion of Natlan and sending it retreating back into the Abyss.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|No One Fights Alone}}</ref>

Upon returning to the [[Night Kingdom]], Mavuika and the Traveler split up to weaken Gosoythoth; the former would destroy a core similar to that of the tumors, while the latter ventured into its lair. By the time the Traveler arrived, Gosoythoth was engaged in battle with Mavuika. Sensing the Traveler's presence, Gosoythoth attempted to prevent them from joining in but failed. In response, it extracted the memories of the fallen Pyro Dragon [[Xiuhcoatl]] from the [[Ley Line]]s and took his form, transforming into the [[Lord of Eroded Primal Fire]].<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Lord of Eroded Primal Fire}}</ref> Gosoythoth also spoke in twisted voices of previous [[Pyro Archon]]s, attempting to sow despair amongst its foes. However, the Traveler was able to withstand its attacks and the two defeated Gosoythoth, purging the Night Kingdom of Abyssal influence for the time being.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Where All Hopes Lie}}</ref>

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* Gosoythoth is an anagram of [[w:c:lovecraft:Yog-Sothoth|Yog-Sothoth]], a fictional cosmic entity and Outer God created by [[w:c:lovecraft:H. P. Lovecraft|H.P. Lovecraft]], an author of the well-known [[w:c:lovecraft:Cthulhu Mythos|Cthulhu Mythos]].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Gosoythoth
|zhs     = 古斯托特
|zhs_rm  = Gǔsītuōtè
|zht     = 古斯托特
|zht_rm  = Gǔsītuōtè
|ja      = グーシィ・トース
|ko      = 그소요토스
|es      = Gosoythoth
|fr      = Gosoythoth
|ru      = Госойтот
|th      = Gosoythoth
|vi      = Gosoythoth
|de      = Gosoythoth
|id      = Gosoythoth
|pt      = Gosoythoth
|tr      = Gosoythoth
|it      = Gosoythoth
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Gosoythoth]]
[[vi:Gosoythoth]]