{{About|the faction|the series of World Quest and Commissions|The Gourmet Supremos}}
{{Faction Infobox
|image        = World Quest Gourmet Supremos, Assemble!.png
|leader       = [[Xudong]] (Self-Proclaimed)
}}
The '''Gourmet Supremos''' is a group initially comprised of three friends who travel around the world in a quest to improve their [[Cooking|culinary skills]]. After completing ''[[The Gourmet Supremos: The Importance of Eating Well]]'', [[Kamei Munehisa]] joins the group as their bodyguard and fourth member.

They are the focus of ''[[The Gourmet Supremos]]'', a series of [[World Quests]] and [[Commissions]] in [[Inazuma]] and [[Sumeru]].

==Members==
{| class="wikitable"
! Name !! Nationality
|-
| [[Julie]] || [[Mondstadt]]
|-
| [[Parvaneh]] || [[Sumeru]]
|-
| [[Xudong]] || [[Liyue]]
|-
| [[Kamei Munehisa]] || [[Inazuma]]
|}

==Overview==
{{Quote
|quote   = Making food with unknown ingredients is the principle of Gourmet Supremos.
|speaker = [[Xudong]]
|source  = [[The Gourmet Supremos: On the Road]]
}}
Though they all share the same goal of improving their skills and cooking good food, each Gourmet Supremo has their own unique perspective on food.

Xudong, who was likely the one who named the group,<ref name="OTR">{{Ref/Quest|The Gourmet Supremos: On the Road}}</ref> is a chef that originally ran a restaurant in Liyue<ref name="CO">{{Ref/Quest|The Gourmet Supremos: Cook-Off}}</ref> and had a cooking rivalry with [[Xiangling]]'s father, [[Chef Mao]]. He travels the world in the hopes of finding a "breakthrough," but struggles with inspiration.<ref name="BT">{{Ref/Quest|The Gourmet Supremos: Breakthrough Thinking}}</ref> However, this does not stop him from experimenting with dishes; whenever he gets a new recipe, he only follows it for a few days before he begins to "improve" them. These improvements are often ways to make the dish less expensive, much to Parvaneh's bewilderment.<ref name="FQ">{{Ref/Quest|The Gourmet Supremos: Foodie Quiz}}</ref> He has a desire to make sure the people around him never go hungry, and believes that if everybody in the world could eat well, it would be a better place.<ref name="TIOEW">{{Ref/Quest|The Gourmet Supremos: The Importance of Eating Well}}</ref>

Parvaneh is a scholar from the [[Sumeru Akademiya]], focused on her mission of creating an "ultimate seasoning," a seasoning that can make any dish delicious. The "ultimate seasoning" is the topic of her thesis statement, though the other Gourmet Supremos and her fellow academics question whether such a thing is possible. Julie and Xudong are wary of the seasoning and usually try to stop her when she seasons their food.<ref name="OTR" /> Her reason for joining the Gourmet Supremos, despite her hatred of the name, is partially influenced by Xudong's unconventional cooking methods; similarly, Xudong was likely willing to take her in because of her skills.<ref name="FQ" /> She has particular tastes and does not find plain foods like [[Onigiri]] very impressive.<ref name="DD">{{Ref/Quest|The Gourmet Supremos: The Deep Divers}}</ref>

Julie is an [[Adventurers' Guild|adventurer]] of extreme focus, who enjoys eating and has the perspective that "it's all good as long it tastes good." She has no issue with most types of food, except for Parvaneh's special seasoning.<ref name="DD" />

Kamei Munehisa is a former samurai of the [[Shogun's Army]], a serious man with deeply-felt opinions about cooking. His best dish is the [[Tri-Flavored Skewer]], one among a number of small dishes he often made to go with wine while he worked for the [[Shogunate]] and later teaches to [[Xudong]].<ref name="CO" /><ref name="FQ" /> He believes in creating dishes that are of perfect quality, and explains that his heart is never satisfied with mere acceptability. Munehisa refers to this as the "extreme path," and relates it to swordsmanship. He hopes to enlighten Xudong to his pursuit of perfection, though the younger man seems hesitant.<ref name="CO" />

After traveling in Inazuma, they travel to Sumeru next, as Parvaneh needed to turn in her research results to the Akademiya.<ref name="TIOEW" /><ref name="WOD">{{Ref/Quest|Gourmet Supremos: Within Our Duties}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* Original names for the group included "pika pika rice team" {{Lang|zh=噼咔噼咔饭饭队|zh_rm=Pīkāpīkā Fànfàn Duì|zh_tl=Boom-Boom Shaka-Laka Rice-Rice Team}} and "Gulu Gulu dessert team" {{Lang|zh=咕噜咕噜甜甜队|zh_rm=Gūlūgūlū Tiántián Duì|zh_tl=Hungry-Hungry Sweet-Sweet Team}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Gourmet Supremos
|zhs     = 全能美食队
|zhs_rm  = Quánnéng Měishí Duì
|zht     = 全能美食隊
|zht_rm  = Quánnéng Měishí Duì
|zh_tl   = Omnipotent Gourmet Team
|ja      = 全能グルメチーム
|ja_rm   = Zennou Gurume Chiimu
|ja_tl   = Omnipotent Gourmet Team
|ko      = {{tt|미식|美食}} 어벤져스
|ko_note = {{Lang|''Eobenjyeoseu''|ko=어벤져스}} is a Korean transcription of the English word "avengers." It is a slang to refer to a dream team of heroes, originating from the American film ''Marvel's The Avengers'' (2012).
|ko_tl   = Gourmet Avengers
|es      = Superchefs
|es_tl   = Superchefs
|fr      = Gourmets suprêmes
|fr_tl   = Supreme Gourmets
|ru      = Всеядные гурманы
|ru_tl   = Omnivorous Gourmets
|th      = ทีมสุดยอดนักชิม
|th_rm   = Thim sut yot nak chim
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Đội|隊}} {{tt|Ẩm Thực|飲食}} {{tt|Toàn Năng|全能}}
|vi_tl   = Almighty Culinary Team
|de      = Vielseitige Feinschmecker
|de_tl   = Versatile Gourmets
|id      = Gourmet Supremos
|pt      = Os Supremos Gourmet
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Üstün Gurmeler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Chef supremi
|it_tl   = Supreme Chefs
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[es:Superchefs]]