{{Faction Infobox
|image        = 
|caption      = 
|leader       = 
|founder      = 
|base         = [["Masters of the Night-Wind"]]
|region       = Natlan
}}
The '''Graffiti Alliance''' is a group that promotes the art and history of graffiti in Natlan. They were founded hundreds of years ago and currently have hundreds of members.<ref name="Maniac">{{Ref/NPC|"Mural Maniac"}}</ref>

Their headquarters is located at [["Masters of the Night-Wind"]] and is managed by [["Mural Maniac"]].

==Members==
* [["Dopey Dazzler"]]
* [["Mural Maniac"]] &mdash; Guru-in-Chief
* [[Yolo]] &mdash; Member

==Overview==
The Graffiti Alliance aims to create and teach graffiti all over Natlan. Some members also seek to advance the art form as a whole, such as "Dopey Dazzler," who promotes an "avant-garde" philosophy that she hopes to spread across all of Teyvat.<ref name="Artistry1">{{Ref/Quest|Avant-Garde Graffiti Visionary!}}</ref>

Anyone can join the group, regardless of experience level or style, and they provide free supplies and training for new members. There is a membership fee, but it is apparently not charged upon entry. There are no mandatory meetings or responsibilities; in fact, most members are usually busy painting across Natlan and only visit the HQ to pay fees or seek out technical assistance.<ref name="Maniac" />

It is unclear whether all members take on a title like "Dopey Dazzler" or "Mural Maniac."<ref>{{Ref/NPC|"Dopey Dazzler"}}</ref>

==History==
The Graffiti Alliance was established a few centuries ago, likely by someone from the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]]. At some point, "outsiders" told them that art from other places attached great importance to heritage, which led to one of the masters establishing the current membership fee system.<ref name="Maniac" />

Despite their long history, their operation seems to have scaled up only recently &mdash; it was only within the past year that their HQ was constructed and their membership grew from "just over ten" to "a couple hundred."<ref group="Note">In Version 5.0 ([[Traces of Artistry]]), "Dopey Dazzler" claims that the group has "just over ten people" and are preparing for the construction of their HQ. By Version 5.2, "Mural Maniac" states that they have hundreds of members and their HQ is implied to be finished.</ref> Nowadays, according to "Mural Maniac," anyone out in Natlan holding a spray can and paint bucket is probably one of their members.<ref name="Maniac" />

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Graffiti Alliance
|zhs     = 涂鸦联盟
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 塗鴉聯盟
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ラクガキユニオン
|ja_rm   = 
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 그라피티 연맹
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Alianza de las Pintadas
|es_tl   = Graffiti Alliance
|fr      = Alliance des graffeurs
|fr_tl   = Graffitist Alliance
|ru      = Альянса граффитистов
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = สมาคมกราฟฟิตี้
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Liên Minh Graffiti
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Graffiti-Union
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Aliansi Grafiti
|id_tl   = Graffiti Alliance
|pt      = Aliança do Grafite
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Grafiti Derneği 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Alleanza dei graffitari
|it_tl   = Alliance of the Graffitists
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}