{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Granny Oni.png
|realname         = 
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKO          = 
}}
'''Granny Oni''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the [[Taurus Iracundus Chapter]], Act I: [[Rise Up, Golden Soul]].

==Profile==
{{Quote|"Why did you save me? Can't you see that I'm an oni?" "You must be hungry. Come, I've made some porridge."<br />"I told you, I'm an oni! Can't you see them horns?" "Oh, I can see them. Do you want some of that porridge, by the way?"<br />"Agh, you know what, you're not listening to me at all. Oh, alright... One bowl of porridge, please." "Coming right up."}}
Despite her name, Granny Oni is not actually an [[oni]]; this was a nickname given to her as a result of her taking in [[Arataki Itto]] in his youth, as people continued to discriminate against oni. After Itto's parents died, he was left on the streets and tore into people who spoke ill of the oni; this resulted in him being beaten by a group of ruffians who had banded together at one point, but Granny Oni saved him.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Arataki Itto|5}}</ref> She has since taken care of him as if he was her own son.

During Itto's Story Quest, Granny Oni helped take care of [[Daisuke]] after his parents had been kidnapped by ronin. When the Traveler returned with news of Itto's arrest and the revelation of a blue oni tribe, Granny Oni immediately began making preparations to help the secluded oni, who had been living in neglect.

===Personality===
Granny Oni is a kind old woman who accepts the oni for who they are and sees Itto as her pride and joy. Itto is grateful to her for her hospitality and dislikes it when people make her the target of their abuse. She does not see the [[Arataki Gang]] as an actual gang, instead stating that they're more like Itto's friends who just enjoy hanging out together.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Granny Oni
|zhs     = 鬼婆婆
|zhs_rm  = Guǐ Pópo
|zht     = 鬼婆婆
|zht_rm  = Guǐ Pópo
|ja      = 鬼婆婆
|ja_rm   = Oni-baba<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Oni's Justice|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ko      = 오니 할멈
|ko_rm   = Oni Halmeom
|es      = Abuela Oni
|fr      = Mamie Oni
|ru      = Бабушка Óни
|th      = ยายโอนิ
|th_rm   = Yai Oni
|vi      = Quỷ Bà Bà
|de      = Oma Oni
|id      = Nenek Oni
|pt      = Vovó Oni
|tr      = Oni Nine
|it      = Nonna Oni
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}
[[es:Abuela Oni]]