{{Faction Infobox
|leader       = Och-Kan
|base         = Ochkanatlan
|region       = Natlan
}}
The '''Grand Alliance''' was a joint coalition between the six tribes of Natlan.<ref name="Sovereign 2">Interactable: [[Holy Sovereign's Notes#Holy Sovereign's Notes (II)|Holy Sovereign's Notes (II)]]</ref> It was created for the purpose of building the new nation of [[Ochkanatlan]], under the leadership of [[Och-Kan]].<ref>{{Ref/VP|The Unfinished Ashen City}}</ref>

The Alliance seems to have started as an agreement between autonomous groups. However, as Och-Kan became more obsessive, he sought to consolidate his power. Eventually, he came to believe that, for the sake of all humankind, they could not allow the tribes to "overstep their bounds and claim kingship" and "any possibility of revolt must be eliminated."<ref name="Sovereign 6">Interactable: [[Holy Sovereign's Notes#Holy Sovereign's Notes (VI)|Holy Sovereign's Notes (VI)]]</ref>

==Overview==
Following the deaths of [[Ixquieh]] and [[Ahpub]], the twin chiefs of the [[Nanatzcayan]] and [[Collective of Plenty]], respectively, Och-Kan convinced their tribes to "temporarily" hand authority over to the Alliance. [[Sakkuk]] was later appointed as the "agent" of the Nanatzcayan, suggesting that the tribe's sovereignty had not been returned by her time.<ref name="Yaxche">{{Ref/Weapon|Ring of Yaxche}}</ref>

Around the time of Ixquieh's death, [[Uenuku]] and the [[Oceanid]]s who once followed him had already left the Alliance.<ref name="Sovereign 2" />

At some point, the [[Lianca|First Speaker]] of the [[Flower-Feather Clan]] began to doubt Och-Kan's leadership. She refused his orders to recruit more laborers and would later outright rebel, dying in battle against his forces.<ref name="Sovereign 2" /><ref name="Breaker">{{Ref/Weapon|Chain Breaker}}</ref>

At some point, the role of Ordnance Officer of the Grand Alliance became an idle position (or perhaps it always was). A disheartened [[Yupanqui]] accepted it, planning to wait out the rest of his days not doing much of anything. <ref name="Shaker">{{Ref/Weapon|Earth Shaker}}</ref>

Some sources characterize Och-Kan as having "turned his back on the alliance for [[Xbalanque|the only god he loved]],"<ref name="Vulture">{{Ref/Weapon|Astral Vulture's Crimson Plumage}}</ref> but Och-Kan himself seems to have believed that he remained loyal to the alliance until the end.<ref name="Sovereign 9">Interactable: [[Holy Sovereign's Notes#Holy Sovereign's Notes (IX)|Holy Sovereign's Notes (IX)]]</ref>

==Known Members==
<!-- {{Characters by Category List|Grand Alliance}} -->
* [[Yupanqui]] &mdash; Ordnance Officer
* [[Uenuku]]
* [[Ixquieh]]
* [[Ahpub]]
* [[Lianca]]

<!--
==Trivia==

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Grand Alliance
|zhs     = 大联盟
|zhs_rm  = Dà Liánméng
|zht     = 大聯盟
|zht_rm  = Dà Liánméng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = メジャーリーグ
|ja_rm   = Mejaa Riigu
|ja_tl   = Major League
|ko      = 대연맹
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Gran Alianza
|es_tl   = Grand Alliance
|fr      = Grande ligue
|fr_tl   = Grand League
|ru      = Великий Альянс
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Grand Alliance
|vi      = Đại Liên Minh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Große Allianz
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Grand Alliance
|pt      = Grande Aliança
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Büyük Birlik
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Grande Alleanza
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}