{{Event Tabs}}
==Dialogue==
===Tutorial===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Paimon:''' You can view the carnival missions and their rewards here~ 
:'''Paimon:''' Check out Anniversary Stamps that can be collected in the carnival in your Stamp Collection.
:'''Paimon:''' You can view your stamp collecting progress and the exclusive Stamp Collection Serial Number here.
:'''Paimon:''' Click the button to view all the rewards you can get by collecting Anniversary Stamps!
:'''Paimon:''' Collect all 5 Anniversary Stamps and share your Stamp Collection on social media for a chance to win exquisite character figures!
:'''Paimon:''' Once you've collected all the stamps, don't forget to claim your Primogem rewards here!
:'''Paimon:''' Click on a character's stall to head over there. Complete the missions to obtain Anniversary Stamps and other mission rewards!
:'''Paimon:''' That's all from Paimon! Come enjoy yourself in the carnival~

===Klee's Stall===
;(At the front of the stall)
:'''Klee:''' Can you show Klee how to decorate a beautiful cake? Pleaaase!

;(Go to Klee's stall for the first time)
:'''Klee:''' Come help Klee decorate her cakes! You can create 6 different types of cake in total!
:'''Klee:''' Select the cake type you like
:'''Klee:''' Select the decorations you like
:'''Klee:''' Click the button to get started~ Don't forget to share the finished cake to receive Anniversary Stamps and mission rewards!
:'''Klee:''' If you're unclear about anything, click here to view the mission details~

;(After decorating 1 to 5 cakes)
:'''Klee:''' Wow, the cake looks amazing! Can we decorate more cakes? Pleaaase?

;(After decorating all 6 cake)
:'''Klee:''' Wow, the cakes look amazing! Check out other stalls if you are free!

===Tighnari's Stall===
;(At the front of the stall)
:'''Tighnari:''' I'm counting on you for the flowers to make garlands.

;(Go to Tighnari's stall and before passing the exam)
:'''Tighnari:''' You'll need to pass the Forest Watcher's exam to obtain flowers to make into garlands. Answer the questions correctly to obtain flowers to obtain flowers to make a garland.

;(Question 1)
: Which of the following plants adores the wind?
:: Windwheel Aster ✔
:: Small Lamp Grass ✖
:: Dandelion ✖

;(Question 2)
: Which of the following plants can be used to make Red Dye inside the Serenitea Pot?
:: Qingxin ✖
:: Valberry ✔
:: Glaze Lily ✖

;(Question 3)
: Which of the following plants can be used to make Red Dye inside the Serenitea Pot?
:: Kaedehara Kazuha ✖
:: Nahida ✖
:: Lisa ✔

;(Question 4)
: Where does Kalpalata Lotus usually grow?
:: By lakesides ✖
:: On cliffs ✔
:: On trees ✖

;(Question 5)
: Which of the following plants is not unique to Fontaine?
:: Rainbow Rose ✖
:: Romaritime Flower ✖
:: Padisarah ✔

;(After passing the exam)
:'''Tighnari:''' Congratulations on passing the Forest Watcher's exam and obtaining all the flowers. Time to go make some garlands!

;(After making all the garlands)
:'''Tighnari:''' Thank you for helping to make all the garlands needed. Feel free to go to another stall!

===Xiangling's Stall===
;(At the front of the stall)
:'''Xiangling:''' Perfect timing, Traveler! Quick, come help me cook!

;(Go to Xiangling's stall for the first time)
:'''Xiangling:''' Traveler, let's cook delicious dishes together for everyone!
:'''Xiangling:''' Select Menu
:'''Xiangling:''' Choose any dish on the menu and start cooking!
:'''Xiangling:''' Click the button to start cooking~

;(Before cooking all 4 dish)
:'''Xiangling:''' Have you decided? Let's start then!

;(After cooking successfully)
:'''Xiangling:''' Ooh, the dish turned out perfect! Could you help me prepare other dishes if you have time?

;(After cooking all 4 dish)
:'''Xiangling:''' You have prepared all the dishes. Go to the other stalls and check them out~
{{Dialogue End}}

==Stall Mission==
===Cake Decorating===
Come help Klee decorate her cakes!
# Each time you decorate a cake, you can select 1 cake type and 2 kinds of decorations. Share the finished cake on social media and invite your friends to appreciate it together to receive 2 Anniversary Stamps and Mora ×20,000.
# After decorating a cake for the first time and successfully sharing it, you can choose new decorations to create the cakes in different styles and invite your friends to appreciate them together. You will get 1 stamp for each cake you successfully decorate and share.

===Garland Making===
Pass Tighnari's exam and collect flowers to make garlands!
# There are altogether 5 garlands to make. The flowers required to make each type of garland vary and there are a total of 5 questions. Correctly answer these questions to receive all the flowers required to make 5 garlands.
# If you answer incorrectly, the Forest Watcher will give you a hint. You can then select the correct option.
# Once you've collected all the required flowers, you'll be able to make 5 garlands at one go. Make all 5 garlands to receive 2 Anniversary Stamps and Mystic Enhancement Ore ×5.
# You will not be able to answer any more questions after all the garlands have been successfully made.

===Cooking===
Come help Xiangling cook some delicious dishes together!
# Click the menu and select any character to cook a specialty dish for them. Click to start cooking.
# While cooking, wait until the needle reaches the position that indicates ideal cooking temperature, then click to successfully finish cooking the dish to receive 2 Anniversary Stamps and Hero's Wit ×3.
# If you fail to cook the dish successfully, you can click "Cook Again" to give it another go.
# Once you have selected and prepared a dish, it cannot be prepared again. Instead, choose one of the remaining unfinished dishes until all dishes have been prepared.

[[pt-br:Reunião Preciosa/História]]