{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Commission Grateful to the Gods.png
|id            = 20038
|type          = Commission
|npc           = Jilliana
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|characters    = Jilliana; Paimon; Traveler
|otherRewards  = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Grateful to the Gods''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Jilliana]]
#Clean the [[Statue of The Seven]] at [[Starfell Lake]], [[Dawn Winery]] or [[Windrise]]
#*The statue can only be cleaned by using {{Anemo}}.
#Talk to [[Jilliana]]

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Enemies==
Note: Enemies do not always spawn after cleaning the statue.
;Dawn Winery {{Enemy List|Cryo Slime*3;Large Cryo Slime}}
;Starfell Lake {{Enemy List|Pyro Slime*3;Large Pyro Slime}}
;Windrise {{Enemy List|Anemo Slime*3;Large Anemo Slime}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Jilliana is looking for someone to clean the Statues of The Seven, since she hasn't had time lately...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Jilliana)
:'''Jilliana:''' *sigh* I wonder what state the Statues of The Seven must be in by now...
:{{DIcon|Quest}} The Statues of The Seven? What's happened to them?
:'''Jilliana:''' Let me explain... In the past, I would go and pray to a Statue of The Seven every week, and while I was there I would wipe the dust off.
:'''Jilliana:''' I have the [[archons]] to thank for all the blessings in my life &mdash; cleaning their statues was my way of giving something back.
:'''Jilliana:''' But since having [[Lily]], I rarely have the chance to go out.
:'''Jilliana:''' The statues must be filthy with no one cleaning them in so long.
:'''Jilliana:''' I know this must seem like I'm trying to avoid taking responsibility, but... Do you think you could go and wipe the dust off of the Statues of The Seven for me?
:{{DIcon}} Of course!
::'''Jilliana:''' Thank you ever so much! May the Anemo Archon protect you.
:{{DIcon}} Surely the wind would just blow it off?
::'''Jilliana:''' [[Barbatos]] and the winds he commands have far too many other things to attend to day-to-day.
::'''Jilliana:''' In any case, we mustn't rely on the archons to provide for everything while we laze around.
::'''Jilliana:''' Let us work together to lighten our Lord Barbatos' load just a little.
:'''Jilliana:''' One more thing. The Statues of The Seven are imbued with the power of the archons.
:'''Jilliana:''' The dust they collect cannot be simply wiped off in the usual manner.
:'''Jilliana:''' But you have elemental abilities. It should be easy for you.
:'''Jilliana:''' Unlike me &mdash; it's a whole day's work for me to clean a single statue.

;(Talk to Jilliana again)
:'''Jilliana:''' Have you finished cleaning the Statues of The Seven?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Not yet.
:'''Jilliana:''' I see. Well, there's no rush &mdash; take your time.
----
;(After reaching the Statue)
:'''Paimon:''' This'll be that dust Jilliana was fretting about, right?
:'''Paimon:''' You know a Statue of The Seven is legit when even the dust on top is brimming with elemental energy... Poor Jilliana, she must work herself to the bone trying to clean them.
:'''Paimon:''' Then again, it's still just dust at the end of the day. Maybe try blowing it away with your Anemo powers?
----
;(If slimes spawn after using Anemo)
:'''Paimon:''' Yikes, slimes! Maybe there was something in that elemental dust that they're drawn to?
:'''Paimon:''' Who cares, {{Traveler}} go fend them off!
----
;(Talk to Jilliana)
:'''Jilliana:''' Have you finished cleaning the Statues of The Seven?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yep.
:'''Jilliana:''' Bless you, my dear! May Barbatos protect you.
:'''Jilliana:''' Take these, they are my gift to you. I may call on your assistance again in the future.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Grateful to the Gods
|zhs     = 报答神明的方式
|zhs_rm  = Bàodá Shénmíng de Fāngshì
|zht     = 報答神明的方式
|zht_rm  = Bàodá Shénmíng de Fāngshì
|zh_tl   = Method of Repaying the Gods
|ja      = 神に恩返しする方法
|ja_rm   = Kami ni Ongaeshi Suru Houhou
|ja_tl   = Method of Repaying Gods' Kindness
|ko      = 신에게 보답하는 방법
|ko_rm   = Sin-ege Bodapaneun Bangbeop
|ko_tl   = Way to Reward for God
|es      = Agradecimiento a los dioses
|es_tl   = Gratitude to the Gods
|fr      = Reconnaissance envers les dieux
|fr_tl   = Gratefulness to the Gods
|ru      = Как отблагодарить божество
|ru_tl   = How to Show Gratitude to a Deity
|th      = ขอบคุณเหล่าเทพเจ้า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Thanking The Gods
|vi      = Cách Báo Đáp Thần
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Den Göttern sei Dank
|de_tl   = Thank the gods
|id      = Ucapan Syukur
|id_tl   = Gratitude
|pt      = Agradecimento aos Deuses
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Tanrılara Müteşekkir
|tr_tl   = Grateful to the Gods
|it      = Gratitudine agli dèi
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:Agradecimiento a los dioses]]
[[fr:Reconnaissance envers les dieux]]
[[ja:神に恩返しする方法]]
[[pt-br:Agradecimento aos Deuses]]