{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Gratifying Gathering
|image             = Gratifying Gathering.png
|type              = Web
|group             = <!--Flagship/Login/Submission-->
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-09-27 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-10-04 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = UTC+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/113165
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20230927celebration/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Paimon; Klee; Tighnari; Xiangling; Guoba
}}
<!--{{Description|}}-->
'''Gratifying Gathering''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.1]].

<!--==Event Details==-->
==Event Duration==
September 27, 2023 12:00 – October 4, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Travelers who have reached [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above can participate in this event.

==Event Description==
# There are 3 stall missions in the carnival. Head over to different stalls to complete the missions and help prepare the event. The first time you complete each stall mission, you'll receive 2 Anniversary Stamps and other mission rewards. Afterward, should you be able to complete the missions again, you'll only receive 1 Anniversary Stamp each time.
# Complete 3 stall missions to collect 5 stamps and obtain Primogems ×40.
# Once you've collected all 5 stamps, you can share your Stamp Collection on social media to obtain Sweet Madame ×3 and get a chance to participate in the prize draw to win random character figures.
# By default, you'll obtain Anniversary Stamps that you haven't received yet. Once you've collected all 5, subsequent stamps that you receive will be random.

==Event Rewards==
{{Card|Primogem|40|show_caption=1}}
{{Card|Hero's Wit|3|show_caption=1}}
{{Card|Mora|20,000|show_caption=1}}
{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5|show_caption=1}}
{{Card|Sweet Madame|3|show_caption=1}}

==Physical Prizes==
# Random Exquisite Character Figure (30 Winners)

Winners of the above prize will be randomly drawn from among those who have successfully shared their Stamp Collection on any of the participating platforms.

===How to Share the Stamp Collection===
Share on one of the following social media platforms below in accordance with the rules to enter the prize draw.
* X (Twitter)/VK: Click the "Share" button or copy the event link and include your Stamp Collection Serial Number and the hashtag '''#GenshinImpactCarnival''' in the post. After sharing successfully, you will be able to enter the draw.
* Facebook: Click the "Share" button or copy the event link and include your Stamp Collection Serial Number and the hashtag '''#GenshinImpactCarnival''' in the post, before posting it to your profile (don't forget to make your profile public). After sharing successfully, you will be able to enter the draw.

===About the Figure Raffle===
Each Traveler's Stamp Collection has an exclusive serial number. The serial number corresponds to the email address linked to the HoYoverse Account you use to participate in the event. It will be used to send a survey to gather winners' information to the email address corresponding to the HoYoverse Account you use to participate, for the purpose of delivering figures.

==Reward Distribution and Prize Issuance==
# The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days. Those who fail to claim their rewards in time will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited them, so don't forget to claim said rewards in time.
# The list of physical prize winners will be announced on social media within 7 business days after the event ends. After this, a survey will be sent to the email address linked to the HoYoverse accounts used by the winning participants within 3 business days. Please fill out your shipping address and personal contact details in said survey by October 25, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8). Failure to fill in the required information in time will be deemed to be a forfeiture of the prize.
# You can only provide your shipping address once. After you submit it, you will be unable to edit it by yourself. If incorrect details are submitted due to factors beyond your control, please contact Customer Service before October 29, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8) to confirm before amending your details. To do this, please send an email to genshin_cs@hoyoverse.com with the following subject line: 3rd Anniversary "Gratifying Gathering" Carnival Web Event - Amend Address.
# The estimated time for physical prize delivery will be within 90 business days after the event has ended. The event organizer will contact the winners and notify them of the relevant shipment information in a timely manner after dispatching the prizes. The actual arrival time is dependent on the actual logistics situation.
# The event organizer will bear the logistics delivery costs of the physical prizes. If tariffs, personal taxes, and other related taxes are incurred due to local policies, winners should declare and bear the relevant tax obligations according to the policies of their country or region. Please refer to the laws and regulations and tax policies of your country or region.

===Notes===
# In order to provide third-party logistics services for the shipment of your prizes, we will be collecting and using personal information such as your address and contact information. The aforementioned personal information will only be used by us and the third-party shipment service provider. We will not disclose any personal information to other third parties without your prior consent.
# You can visit the game's official website for more information on our Privacy Policy. All personal data will be collected and used in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy.
# If you are a minor under the laws and regulations of your country or region, you will need prior consent from your legal guardian before participating in this event and providing your corresponding personal information.
# If you have any questions about this web event, please contact us via email at genshin_cs@hoyoverse.com.
# This event is hosted by HoYoverse. References to third-party organizations are for informational and identification purposes only, and are not intended to imply endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation with HoYoverse or the event.
# This event is not associated with Apple Inc.
<!--
==Battle Pass Missions==
{{Battle Pass Missions
|name     = 
|mission1 = {{Color|[Event]}}
|exp1     = 
|mission2 = {{Color|[Event]}}
|exp2     = 
|mission3 = {{Color|[Event]}}
|exp3     = 
}}
-->
==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Gratifying Gathering
|zhs     = 嘉辰锦时之聚
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 嘉辰錦時之聚
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 喜びの集まるひととき
|ja_rm   = Yorokobi no Atsumaru Hitotoki
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 즐거운 만남의 축제
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Reunión de momentos inolvidables
|es_tl   = Meeting of Unforgettable Moments
|fr      = Joyeuse réunion
|fr_tl   = Joyful Reunion
|ru      = Счастливое собрание
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ปาร์ตี้รวมตัวแสนสุขสันต์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hân Hoan Hội Ngộ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Fröhliches Beisammensein
|de_tl   = Merry Get-Together
|id      = Kebahagiaan dalam Kebersamaan
|id_tl   = Happiness in Togetherness
|pt      = Reunião Preciosa
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Keyifli Bir Buluşma
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Una riunione indimenticabile
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

[[pt-br:Reunião Preciosa]]