{{Event Tabs
|subpage1=Meticulous Craftsmanship
|subpage2=Roaming the Jungle
|subpage3=Metamorphosis of Wood
}}
{{Event
|name              = Metamorphosis of Wood
|image             = Metamorphosis of Wood.png
|type              = In-Game
|group             = Sub
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-08-24 11:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-09-28 05:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
}}
<!--{{Description|}}-->
'''Metamorphosis of Wood''' is a part of the [[Graven Innocence]] event in [[Version 3.0]].

==Summary==
* Travelers can head to the showcase and use Carving Components to assemble an Aranara Wood carving.
* You can obtain "Whimsical Drafts" from Snapshots challenges. Give "Whimsical Drafts" and resources to the craftsperson at Acara Crafts, or exchange them at the [[Graven Innocence#Event Shop|Event Shop]] to obtain Carving Components.
* The Woodland Stand can be used to mount multiple Aranara Wood carvings simultaneously.
* The types of Carving Components include: Trunks, Heads, Hats, Shawls, and Eyes.
# Interact with the Woodland Stand to place unlocked Woodcarving Trunks.
# You must set a Trunk first before you can set a Head.
# The Head must in turn be set first before you can place Hats, Shawls, and Eyes.
# Once you have completed several Aranara Wood carvings, you will obtain the corresponding rewards:
* You can even bring the Woodland Stand and Carving Components that you have obtained into your [[Serenitea Pot]] and continue to make Aranara Wood carvings there.

==Rewards==
{| class="article-table tdl1 align-center"
! Objective
! style="width: 370px;" | Rewards
|-
|Assemble 1 complete Aranara Carving
|{{Card|Primogem|40}}{{Card|Creative Note|200}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|-
|Assemble 2 complete Aranara Carvings
|{{Card|Primogem|40}}{{Card|Creative Note|200}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|-
|Assemble 3 complete Aranara Carvings
|{{Card|Primogem|40}}{{Card|Creative Note|200}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|-
|Assemble 4 complete Aranara Carvings
|{{Card|Primogem|40}}{{Card|Creative Note|200}}{{Card|Woodland Stand|1}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Metamorphosis of Wood
|zhs     = 化木成像
|zhs_rm  = Huà Mù Chéng Xiàng
|zht     = 化木成像
|zht_rm  = Huà Mù Chéng Xiàng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 木彫り大変身
|ja_rm   = Kibori Daihenshin
|ja_tl   = Woodcarving Transformation
|ko      = 나무의 변신
|ko_rm   = Namu-ui Byeonsin
|ko_tl   = Transformation of Wood
|es      = Esculturas de madera
|es_tl   = Wooden Sculptures
|fr      = Métamorphose du bois
|fr_tl   = Metamorphosis of Wood
|ru      = Древесные метаморфозы
|ru_tl   = Wooden Metamorphoses
|th      = แกะสลักไม้เป็นร่าง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Biến Gỗ Thành Tượng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Holzmetamorphose
|de_tl   = Wood Metamorphosis
|id      = Metamorfosis Kayu
|id_tl   = Metamorphosis of Wood
|pt      = Metamorfose da Madeira
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[ja:イノセンスの彫刻/木彫り大変身]]
[[pt-br:Escultura da Inocência/Metamorfose da Madeira]]
[[ru:Детская сказка/Древесные метаморфозы]]