{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73676
|image         = Event Quest Great Future Star.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Star-Seeker's Sojourn
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Banu; Paimon; Shalmar; Traveler; Apple (NPC)
|startLocation = [[Pardis Dhyai]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ashavan Realm
|subarea       = Pardis Dhyai
|prev          = Where the Future Stars Fall
|primogems     = 60
|mora          = 30,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
}}
'''''Great Future Star''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Star-Seeker's Sojourn]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Banu]]
# Head to the designated location
# Touch the mechanism
# Defeat all opponents
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Floating Hydro Fungus;Grounded Hydroshroom;Stretchy Anemo Fungus}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Floating Dendro Fungus;Whirling Electro Fungus;Winged Dendroshroom}}
# Talk to Banu

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You've collected all six Future Stars. Time to go see Banu.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Banu)
:'''Banu:''' How's it going? Have you found all the Future Stars?
:{{DIcon}} Got all six right here.
:'''Banu:''' Yay! Now we can go summon the Great Future Star.
:'''Banu:''' Be sure to prepare yourself before we set off! Unexpected things may happen when we summon the Great Future Star!
:'''Banu:''' Every time I attempt something special, unexpected things happen. So I'm more than well-prepared now. You should be careful, too.
:'''Banu:''' The last time I fired a Great Golden Skyscraping Arrow while at home, the yard suddenly exploded. If Apple hadn't rushed over and taken Shalmar and me away, we would've been pretty doomed.
:'''Paimon:''' Isn't that a bit too dangerous, actually?
:'''Banu:''' Haha. Rest assured! In general, all issues fall within acceptable bounds.
:'''Paimon:''' You just said that your yard exploded! That was big enough a problem if you ask Paimon!
:'''Banu:''' It'll be fine, don't worry! When you are ready, meet up with me at this location I've marked on the map. I'll be heading there first.
:'''Paimon:''' (Traveler), Paimon's got a bad feeling about this... We'd better stay alert when we get there!
----
;(Approach the mechanism)
:'''Banu:''' Oh! There's only one mechanism left. I must say, the final trial this time seems pretty easy.
:{{DIcon}} This time?
:'''Banu:''' Yup. The ones I encountered before were way more complicated than this!
:'''Banu:''' Some of them required way too many attempts to figure out the only correct solution, and some would even self-destruct if you gave the wrong solution. Painstaking &mdash; and truly troublesome!
:{{DIcon}} Why don't you take it from here?
:{{DIcon}} It suddenly occurs to me that I have something else to do.
:'''Banu:''' Well, according to my experience, this mechanism should be no different from those basic old mechanisms Shalmar usually brings back home. You just need to insert all the keys and boom, it'll be unlocked!
:'''Paimon:''' Banu, have you been dealing with these weird mechanisms all this time?
:'''Banu:''' Yes! I've been to many interesting places with Shalmar and Apple. We've had a lot of fun together!
:'''Banu:''' In fact, we always have fun, like when I came out to look for the Future Stars this time &mdash; or whenever I came up with new settings with Shalmar or encountered situations unexpected.
:'''Banu:''' It would be so boring to just wander around the house and do the same things every day.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon agrees! We often leave familiar places and go on adventures in new ones, too.
:'''Paimon:''' We've seen many terrifying things, but we've also had many pleasant surprises &mdash; even moments that have stolen our breath away.
:'''Banu:''' Exactly! And that's why I'm sure that we'll make great friends!
:'''Banu:''' But, there's one thing I want you to know before we continue. I know it can get pretty dangerous playing outside in the wild, regardless of how fun it may be. That's why I've come fully prepared.
:'''Banu:''' Shalmar told me that it's important to observe people carefully before I ask them for help and that I should stay away from the Treasure Hoarders and any Eremite strangers.
:'''Banu:''' But you look like a nice person, which is why I asked you for help. Now that you've helped me this much, I cannot let you get hurt because of me.
:'''Banu:''' That's my bottom line. So if you're scared, it's totally fine. I can solve this mechanism by myself.
:{{DIcon}} Scared? Me? Nah, never.
:{{DIcon}} If things can get dangerous, you'd better leave them to me.
:'''Banu:''' That also works. Anyway, just insert the six Future Stars into the mechanism and there shouldn't be anything to worry about.

;(Activate the mechanism)
:'''Banu:''' I knew it wouldn't go that easily. Quick, let's hide here together!
:'''???:''' Raargh!
:'''Banu:''' It's Apple! She's here to help us! See that Rishboland Tiger? That's our Apple!
:'''Banu:''' She's really strong, so don't worry &mdash; we're in good hands now. C'mon, Apple! Smash them!

;(After defeating the opponents)
:'''???:''' Banu, are you alright?
:'''Banu:''' C'mon, there was really nothing to worry about. The book you wrote has taught me to run away if I'm no match for the bad guys. So I did.
:'''Banu:''' And Shalmar, how come you've brought Apple with you? Isn't she supposed to be at home guarding the house?
:'''Shalmar:''' Apple was worried about you, so she came along. You know she only listens to you and your mom. There's no way I can persuade her to go back home.
:{{DIcon}} Wait a second...
:{{DIcon}} What's going on here...?
:'''Paimon:''' Banu seems to know that Rishboland Tiger jumping out of nowhere... Did she just call it Apple...? And that man showing up with that tiger... Ohh, Paimon's got a million questions...
:'''Banu:''' Ahem, please allow me to introduce...
:'''Banu:''' This klutz here is Shalmar, author of 50 Things Every Traveling Scholar Should Know, the book that I lent you.
:'''Banu:''' I meant to introduce both Shalmar and Apple to you after the summoning ceremony of the Great Future Star. But just as I expected, something unexpected happened.
:'''Banu:''' Well, at least we won't have to go looking for them. This accident was certainly unexpected, but it wasn't bad at all! If only I could be this lucky next time as well...
:'''Shalmar:''' Good day, I'm Shalmar, Banu's biological father.
:'''Shalmar:''' As for Apple, she's a graceful female Rishboland Tiger, and also a significant member of our family.
:'''Paimon:''' B&mdash;Biological father? What's that supposed to mean...? Are you not Banu's father in other respects?
:'''Shalmar:''' That is correct. From my perspective, Banu and I share an equal friendship, while in everyday life, we are teammates, people who have divided the household chores between us.
:'''Shalmar:''' Being a father is but the very most insignificant of my identities, and I much prefer being her friend to being her father.
:'''Shalmar:''' I have been listening to your conversation just now, all while hiding in that hole in the ground right beneath the mechanism. Now that I have heard how willing you are to help Banu, I must extend my gratitude to you.
:{{DIcon}} You're welcome.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, this overly formal way of speaking... No wonder Banu talked to us like that when we first met...
:'''Shalmar:''' Her phrasing and way of doing things are indeed similar to my own, but even as a child, I would say that Banu is a much more impressive person overall.
:'''Shalmar:''' For example, the mixed rice she makes is 10,000 times better than the one I make. That alone is superb enough.
:'''Shalmar:''' Therefore, I cherish dearly my time spent with such a happy, lively, and marvelous child.
:'''Shalmar:''' Whenever I think of her going to the Akademiya, pulling her hair out till midnight every day in the library, suffering from malnutrition due to irregular meal timings over long periods of time, and her hair turning white even before she turns 40...
:'''Shalmar:''' It pains me beyond description.
:'''Shalmar:''' So naturally, before she starts a new life in the Akademiya, I must seize every opportunity to create as many fun memories for her as I can. This "Star-Seeker's Sojourn" was designed for this exact purpose as well.
:'''Shalmar:''' Since I am somewhat acquainted with both Ley Lines and mechanics, I've made some special arrangements regarding the mechanisms around these parts.
:'''Banu:''' Hey Shalmar, I gotta ask you this. Were you the one who called those monsters out &mdash; you know, when we were looking for the Future Stars, and just now too?
:'''Shalmar:''' No, I would never! They... were all accidents. I only have myself to blame for having put you in danger, all because of my lack of consideration...
:'''Shalmar:''' I&mdash;I actually asked Apple to follow you in secret. As for this young adventurer, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} is apparently more than capable. So...
:'''Banu:''' *sigh* You are really an unreliable father, you know? What would you ever do without me and Apple?
:'''Paimon:''' The two of us have been traveling for a long time, but we've never met a father as strange as you...
:'''Shalmar:''' You believe me to be strange? Well, being strange is one of my key traits, so that was one of the best compliments I could possibly receive.
:{{DIcon}} Is that part of your setting, too?
:'''Shalmar:''' Indeed so. Otherwise, what would the difference between me and the tides of human mediocrity in this overpopulated world be?
:'''Shalmar:''' No matter how strange my words and deeds are, I nonetheless remain an ordinary person in this vast world, and yet I have the freedom to talk nonsense &mdash; something that those prestigious sages can only dream of.
:'''Shalmar:''' Is that not such a delight?
:'''Banu:''' Don't be fooled by him. Every time he tries to hide something, he'll act like this and start talking nonsense.
:'''Banu:''' Anyway, Shalmar, where's my Great Future Star?
:'''Banu:''' You said that collecting all six Future Stars and unlocking the final mechanism would bring the Great Future Star out. Where is it, then?
:'''Shalmar:''' Relax, relax! I swear I wasn't deceiving you. Look, the Great Future Star is right here!

:'''Shalmar takes out a [[Starconch]] from his pocket and hands it to Banu.'''

:'''Shalmar:''' This is the Great Future Star &mdash; that which has crossed the vast sea of stars and come to you after you collected all the Future Stars. Look, doesn't it have a shining white star on its surface?
:'''Shalmar:''' This Star is formed by all the Future Stars you've collected, and it is your very own Great Future Star. Put your ear to that black opening and listen carefully. Listen to the sea of stars as it speaks to you.
:'''Banu:''' Ooh! So this is the Great Future Star!
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} Banu, listen...
:'''Paimon:''' That's nonsense! This is just a Starconch! You can find them anywhere on the beaches of Liyue!
:'''Banu:''' Oh... Well, Shalmar, is "Starconch" its alternative name in another setting?
:'''Shalmar:''' Ahem... Yes, you can say that. In the settings that many people imagine, this is known as a Starconch, and it dwells in the sea. H&mdash;However, in the setting I have created, its name is the Great Future Star.
:'''Banu:''' Ah, I get it. It's like that thing from the Akademiya's dumpster! I call it "Banu's Wisdom," but everyone else calls it "[[Ayesha's Chaos Prospector]]."
:'''Banu:''' Thank you, Shalmar. I love the Great Future Star very much!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, are we just going to muddle our way through like that?
:'''Shalmar:''' I wouldn't call this "muddling," exactly. Everyone perceives the world in their own way. And in my very own eyes, this is indeed the Great Future Star that has traveled across the sea of stars to arrive here.
:'''Shalmar:''' Isn't it fun to tap into new ways of seeing the world? Plus, Banu has accepted the name as well.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like sophistry to me.
::'''Paimon:''' Tap into new ways of seeing the world? Hmmm... So, (Traveler), should we start seeing the Mints in your bag as Mora?
::{{DIcon}} Paimon, please tell me you didn't fall for that...
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon just thought it would make our journey much more lighthearted, y'know?
:{{DIcon}} You do have a point.
::'''Paimon:''' Hey (Traveler), don't be fooled! What if you started perceiving Mora as something trivial? Wouldn't you start throwing them away, then!?
::{{DIcon}} Well, that's a hard no for sure!
::'''Paimon:''' This Shalmar guy is too good at talking his way out of things. We'd better bring up the rewards first before he tries to pull a fast one on us again!
:'''Shalmar:''' Please rest assured, the two of you. Even I would never utter nonsense when it comes to Mora. I ensure you that you'll be duly paid and that this commission will be worth your while.
:'''Shalmar:''' Please take these as your rewards. Thank you for taking care of Banu for the past few days. Your good deeds shall be remembered forever.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Great Future Star
|zhs     = 大未来星
|zhs_rm  = Dà Wèilái Xīng
|zht     = 大未來星
|zht_rm  = Dà Wèilái Xīng
|zh_tl   = Big Future Star
|ja      = 大未来星
|ja_rm   = Dai Mirai Hoshi
|ja_tl   = Big Future Star
|ko      = 거대한 미래의 별
|ko_rm   = Geodaehan Mirae-ui Byeol
|ko_tl   = Huge Star of Future
|es      = La Estrella del Porvenir Definitiva
|es_tl   = The Definitive Star of the Future
|fr      = Grande étoile du futur
|fr_tl   = Great Future Star
|ru      = Великая звезда будущего
|ru_tl   = Great Star of Future
|th      = สุดยอดดวงดาวแห่งอนาคต
|th_rm   = Sutyot Duangdao haeng Anakhot
|th_tl   = Ultimate Star of the Future
|vi      = Ngôi Sao Tương Lai Lớn
|vi_tl   = Big Future Star
|de      = Der große Stern der Zukunft
|de_tl   = The Great Star of the Future
|id      = Bintang Masa Depan Terhebat
|id_tl   = The Greatest Future Star
|pt      = Estrela do Futuro Gigante
|pt_tl   = Giant Future Star
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[es:Donde caen las estrellas del porvenir]]
[[pt-br:Estrela do Futuro Gigante]]
[[ru:Великая звезда будущего]]