{{Character Infobox
|type             = Historical
|deceased         = Past
|name             = Greater Lord Rukkhadevata
|title            = God of the Woods
|element          = Dendro
|affiliation      = Gods
|affiliation2     = The Seven
|region           = Sumeru
}}
The '''Greater Lord Rukkhadevata,''' the former [[Dendro]] Archon who presided over [[Sumeru]],<ref name="sumeru teaser 3">YouTube: ''[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JrC7DTUsii8 Sumeru Preview Teaser 03: Prelude to Wisdom]''</ref> was a [[god]] with power over plants. They were killed in [[Khaenri'ah]] during the [[cataclysm]] five hundred years ago.<ref name="VV">{{Ref/Arti|Viridescent Venerer's Determination}} (Chinese version)</ref><ref group="Note">The Chinese version of Viridescent Venerer's Determination states {{lang|mini=1|zh=因为司掌草木的神也在灾厄中，一同死去了。|zh_tl=For the god who held dominion over plants was amidst the disaster, and died along with it.}} In Remembrance of Viridescent Fields sets the disaster in "the ancient kingdom."</ref><ref group="Note">It is assumed that the God of the Woods was the previous Dendro Archon due to the lack of non-Archon gods in present day, the easy link between "woods" or "plants" and Dendro, and their death and the birth of the current Dendro Archon both occurring about 500 years ago.</ref>

After their death, [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] ascended as the current Dendro Archon five hundred years ago.<ref name="AQ1-3-3">{{Ref/Quest|Solitary Fragrance}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Wishes (Quest)}}</ref>

==Story==
Little is currently known about the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata besides the fact that they contributed towards Sumeru managing knowledge as a resource, or the Akasha System.<ref name="sumeru teaser 3" /> When disaster befell Khaenri'ah, the Greater Lord Rukkhadevata was involved in the conflict and was killed. As a result of their death, the "grass and trees never spoke again" to [[Viridescent]].<ref name="VV" />

The Greater Lord Rukkhadevata was one of the casualties among The Seven during the cataclysm, alongside the original Electro Archon [[Makoto]]. The Greater Lord Rukkhadevata was shortly succeeded by the God of Wisdom,<ref name="AQ1-3-3" /> while Makoto's twin sister and kagemusha [[Ei]] became the next Electro Archon.

==Trivia==
* ''Rukkhadevatā'' (रुक्खदेवता, "tree-goddess") in [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shaivism Shaivism] is a [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yakshini Yakṣiṇī] who is worshiped as the goddess of wealth or the guardian spirit of practitioners. The Yakṣiṇīs also appear in Jātaka literature, where they are considered local deities living in trees and sometimes referred to individually as "''rukkha-devatā''" or "''tree goddess''".
*The Chinese equivalent for the term "Woods" in their title is {{Lang|mini=1|zh=草木|zh_rm=cǎomù|zh_tl=plants}}, which uses the characters for {{Lang|mini=1|zh=草|zh_tl=grass}} and {{Lang|mini=1|zh=木|zh_tl=tree; wood}}. This is unexpected, as the Chinese term for Dendro is simply {{Lang|mini=1|zh=草|zh_tl=grass}}, and all other known Archon titles that contain their elements use only the single character for their elements. Similarly or consequentially, this title was translated into other languages, including English, with words like "woods" and "forests" instead of "Dendro" or even "grass" or "plants." It is unknown why this discrepancy exists.
**Adding to this discrepancy is that {{Lang|Lesser Lord Kusanali|zh=小吉祥草王|zh_tl=Little Lucky-Grass Monarch}} has a title that refers to grass, yet the Chinese name for the [[Sabzeruz Festival]] that commemorates her birthday is {{Lang|"the Flower God's birthday"|zh=花神诞日}}, thus associating her with both grass and flowers separately.


==Other Languages ==
===Greater Lord Rukkhadevata===
{{Other Languages
|en      = Greater Lord Rukkhadevata
|zhs     = 大慈树王
|zhs_rm  = Dàcí Shùwáng
|zht     = 大慈樹王
|zht_rm  = Dàcí Shùwáng
|zh_tl   = Great Benevolent Tree Lord
|ja      = マハールッカデヴァタ
|ja_rm   = Mahaa Rukkadevata
|ja_tl   = {{wt|mahā|Mahā}} Rukkadevata
|ko      = 위대한 룩카데바타
|ko_rm   = Widaehan Rukkadebata
|ko_tl   = Great Rukkhadevata
|es      = Reina Mayor Rukkhadevata
|es_tl   = Greater Queen Rukkhadevata
|fr      = Molrani Rukkhadevata
|fr_tl   = Mol{{w|Rani|rani}} Rukkhadevata
|fr_note = The prefix ''mol-'' is of unknown meaning. It might come from {{Lang|mini=1|sa=मौल|sa_rm=maula|sa_tl=original, primordial}}<!-- considering that in Parisian French ⟨au⟩ and ⟨o⟩ have most of the time the same pronunciation-->.
|ru      = Великая властительница Рукхадевата
|ru_tl   = Great Ruler Rukkhadevata
|ru_note = {{Lang|mini=1|ru=Великая властительница|ru_rm={{ru-rm|Великая властительница}}}} is a feminine term.
|th      = ท่านหญิง Rukkhadevata ผู้ยิ่งใหญ่
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Đại Vương|大王}} Rukkhadevata
|vi_tl   = Lord Rukkhadevata
|de      = Höhere Herrin Rukkhadevata
|de_tl   = Higher Lady Rukkhadevata
|id      = Greater Lord Rukkhadevata
|pt      = Lorde Maior Rukkhadevata
|pt_tl   = Greater Lord Rukkhadevata
}}

===God of the Woods ===
{{Other Languages
|en      = God of the Woods
|zhs     = 司掌草木的神
|zhs_rm  = Sīzhǎng Cǎomù de Shén
|zht     = 司掌草木的神
|zht_rm  = Sīzhǎng Cǎomù de Shén
|zh_tl   = God Over the Plants<ref group="•" name="PROPNOUN">Unlike English, this is not a proper noun.</ref><ref group="•" name="ZHJAKOVI">This noun phrase means "the god who is in charge of plants."</ref>
|ja      = 草木を司る神
|ja_rm   = Soumoku wo Tsukasadoru Kami{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = God Over the Plants<ref group="•" name="PROPNOUN" /><ref group="•" name="ZHJAKOVI" />
|ko      = {{tt|초목|草木}}을 {{tt|관장|관장}}하던 {{tt|신|神}}
|ko_rm   = Chomok-eul Gwanjanghadeon Sin
|ko_tl   = God Who is in Charge of Vegetation
|es      = Dios de los bosques
|es_tl   = God of the Forests<ref group="•" name="PROPNOUN" />
|fr      = Dieu des forêts
|fr_tl   = God of Forests<ref group="•" name="PROPNOUN" />
|ru      = <!--not clearly mentioned: Но с тех пор, как начались бедствия, трава и корни умолкли, поскольку погибло их божество.-->
|ru_tl   = <!--But ever since the calamities began, the grass and roots have fallen silent because their deity has perished.-->
|th      = เทพแห่งป่าไม้
|th_rm   = Thep Haeng Pa Mai
|th_tl   = God of the Forest
|vi      = {{tt|Vị|位}} {{tt|Thần|神}} {{tt|Cai Quản|該管}} Cỏ Cây
|vi_tl   = <ref group="•" name="PROPNOUN" /><ref group="•" name="ZHJAKOVI" />
|de      = Gott des Waldes
|de_tl   = God of the Forest
|id      = Dewa Hutan
|id_tl   = God of Forest
|pt      = Deus dos Bosques
|pt_tl   = God of Forests
}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Reina Mayor Rukkhadevata]]