{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22500
|type          = Commission
|image         = 
|summary       = 
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Little Lulu; Traveler; Ying'er
|region        = Liyue
|npc           = Little Lulu
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
*Additional Rewards:
{{Card|Mora|400}}{{Card|Silk Flower|1}}
}}
'''Growing Pains''' is a daily [[commission]] that occurs in [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Little Lulu]]
#Talk to [[Ying'er]]
#*Choose to pay:
#**Wait until night
#**Talk to Ying'er and obtain the perfume
#*Choose to help:
#**Craft [[Mint Essential Oil]]
#**Wait for Ying'er to decoct the perfume
#***Go inside the [[Wanmin Restaurant]] and interact with the fireplace, then select "Decoct Perfume"
#**Talk to Ying'er
#Give the [[Special Perfume|perfume]] to Little Lulu

==Notes==
* Choosing to pay Ying'er will not allow the player to keep the item even after completing the commission. The item will also no longer be craftable.
* While there will be an option to craft unlimited perfume, the max limit is 1.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Little Lulu]] has been unhappy lately. She seems to be troubled by a certain something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talking to Lulu)
:'''Lulu:''' When will it be ready?
:{{DIcon}} No playtime today?
:'''Lulu:''' Oh, hello! No, playtime doesn't seem to come at all these days.
:'''Lulu:''' [[Little Meng]]'s in a bad mood and prefers to sulk by himself, and [[Little Fei]] keeps disappearing all the time.
:'''Lulu:''' I asked Little Meng what's wrong, but he wouldn't tell me. They're both acting so strange these days, I honestly don't know what's gotten into them.
:{{DIcon}} Welcome to the grown-up world, kiddo.
::'''Lulu:''' Wait, so when you grow up you stop being happy? Then why do Little Meng and Little Fei want to grow up so bad...
::'''Lulu:''' I guess I'll just not grow up, then.
::'''Lulu:''' Anyway, we're getting sidetracked. I actually need your help with something.
:{{DIcon}} Are you unhappy, too?
::'''Lulu:''' Me? No, I'm okay. But... I do need your help with something.
:'''Lulu:''' Can you fetch something from Ying'er's place for me? We already talked about it, so she should have it ready by now.
:{{DIcon}} My pleasure.
::'''Lulu:''' Yay! Thanks!
:{{DIcon}} Ying'er's place, eh...
::'''Lulu:''' I don't know what you're thinking about, but it's not that. I just asked Ying'er to make something for me. And she said she would.
::'''Lulu:''' And now I'm asking you very nicely to help collect it for me.
;(Talk to Lulu again)
:'''Lulu:''' I don't know what's gotten into Little Meng and Little Fei recently...
----
;(Talking to Ying'er)
:'''Ying'er:''' Well hello again. Missing me already, huh? What are you here for this time?
:{{DIcon}} To pick something up for Little Lulu.
:'''Ying'er:''' Little Lulu? ...Oh yes, that's right. She asked me to make some perfume for her.
:'''Ying'er:''' But I'm afraid this isn't the best time... For some reason, since you were last here, my sweet-smelling side services have been in exceptionally high demand.
:'''Ying'er:''' I've had an enormous number of orders. It's far too many for me to handle alone, especially since I also have the shop to attend to.
:'''Ying'er:''' On top of that, Lulu's just a child. It would be a little inappropriate to give her the same type of perfume worn by adult women.
:'''Ying'er:''' So I was racking my brains trying to think of a way to make my perfume more child-friendly. I've now decided on a suitable formula, but I haven't got around to making it yet.
:'''Ying'er:''' If it absolutely can't wait, expediting it would not be impossible, but...
:{{DIcon}} How does 3,000 Mora sound?
:;(If you have enough Mora)
:::'''Ying'er:''' Wow, someone's desperate... Alright then, I will prioritize Lulu's perfume for the sake of our friendship.
:::'''Ying'er:''' I have to watch the shop during the day, though. My personal affairs are best dealt with at night.
:::'''Ying'er:''' Swing by tonight and I'll have everything ready for you.
:;(If you don't have enough Mora)
:::'''Ying'er:''' Hmm, it seems you can't quite afford it.
:{{DIcon}} I can help out.
::'''Ying'er:''' Not a bad idea. You do have some experience in these matters, after all. Well, you certainly impressed me last time you were here. *giggle*
::'''Ying'er:''' As it happens, I have some of the necessary ingredients on hand. I'll go set up in [[Chef Mao]]'s kitchen.
::'''Ying'er:''' Go pick three leaves of Mint, then extract the essential oil at a Crafting Bench. I'm sure you're still intimately acquainted with the technique?
::'''Ying'er:''' Bring the Mint Essential Oil to me, I'll handle the rest.

;(Talking to Ying'er again if paid 3,000 Mora)
:'''Ying'er:''' Why the hurry? I'm afraid being desperate in and of itself can't bring you what you want.

;(Talking to Ying'er again if helping)
:'''Ying'er:''' Mint Essential Oil, you got it?
:{{DIcon}} How do I make it?
::'''Ying'er:''' We did it together not long ago, you don't remember? Huh, so you're just as quick to forget as you are to get involved in the first place...
::'''Ying'er:''' Let me give you a recap then. Go fetch three leaves of Mint, then extract the essential oil at a Crafting Bench.
::'''Ying'er:''' Bring the essential oil to me, and I will take it from there.
:{{DIcon}} What uses does Mint Essential Oil have?
::'''Ying'er:''' How to put this... it neutralizes some of the more stimulating elements in the concoction.
::'''Ying'er:''' But more importantly, the scent is a good match for a child like Lulu.
::'''Ying'er:''' A girl's scent is far more than a purely nasal affair...
::'''Ying'er:''' This perfume must capture Lulu's youthful lust for life, her wide-eyed innocence... *giggle*

----
;(Talking to Ying'er at night if paid 3,000 Mora)
:'''Ying'er:''' The perfume is ready. A bespoke variety made with Mint Essential Oil.
:'''Ying'er:''' Here you go. It's ready for Little Lulu now.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
:;(Dialogue ends)
:;(Obtain [[Special Perfume]] ×1)
:{{DIcon}} Why Mint?
::'''Ying'er:''' It counteracts some of the more... hmmm, stimulating elements with its neutral scent...
::'''Ying'er:''' To be honest, I was very surprised to receive an order from Lulu.
::'''Ying'er:''' It does make me reminisce about being that age, when one has one's first taste of love, oh how it makes the heart flutter... If only I had been a little more wordly wise back then...
::'''Ying'er:''' Ahem... Anyways, I should let you get back to Lulu.
:;(Obtain Special Perfume ×1)
----
;(Approach the stove at the Wanmin Restaurant if helping with perfume)
:{{DIcon|Hand}} Decoct perfume
:'''''Ying'er starts making the perfume...'''''

;(Talking to Ying'er)
:'''Ying'er:''' Here you are, one bespoke Mint perfume made specially for Lulu by yours truly. You can take it to her now.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
:;(Dialogue ends)
:;(Obtain Special Perfume ×1)
:{{DIcon}} What did Lulu want this for?
::'''Ying'er:''' She didn't tell me, and I didn't ask her.
::'''Ying'er:''' No girl is without her secrets. Keeping some things hidden, displaying a penchant for tact, it's all part of a girl's charm.
::'''Ying'er:''' Alright, off you go now, get this back to Lulu.
:;(Obtain Special Perfume ×1)
;(Talking to Ying'er after receiving the perfume)
:'''Ying'er:''' I don't know why Lulu would have a need for perfume... But I suppose she is growing up.
----
;(Talking to Little Lulu)
:'''Lulu:''' Hi, did you get my perfume?
:{{DIcon}} I did.
:'''Lulu:''' Thank you! Ying'er makes the best perfume ever.
:'''Lulu:''' I wonder what Little Meng and Little Fei will do when they smell it...
:'''Lulu:''' I think that however they react, it will be a lot of fun to watch.
:{{DIcon}} They're going to love it
::'''Lulu:''' Hope so. That would be the best.
:{{DIcon}} Who do you prefer to play with?
::'''Lulu:''' Hmm? I don't prefer either of them... I prefer both of them! Little Meng and Little Fei are both my best friends.
:'''Lulu:''' Thanks for helping me. I'll go home soon and have a go of my new perfume.
:'''Lulu:''' If it's good, then I can keep using it again and again.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Growing Pains
|zhs     = 成长的烦恼
|zhs_rm  = Chéngzhǎng De Fánnǎo
|zht     = 成長的煩惱
|zht_rm  = Chéngzhǎng De Fánnǎo
|zh_tl   = Troubles of Growing Up
|ja      = 成長の悩み
|ja_rm   = Seichou no Nayami
|ja_tl   = Growth Troubles
|ko      = 성장의 고민
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Cosas de adultos
|es_tl   = Adult Things
|fr      = Grandir, c'est mourir un peu
|fr_tl   = Growing Up, Is Dying a Little
|ru      = Печали взросления
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เรื่องกลุ้มใจของผู้ใหญ่
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Worries of Grown-Ups
|vi      = Phiền Muộn Của Sự Trưởng Thành
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Sorgen beim Erwachsenwerden
|de_tl   = Worries at Growing Up
|id      = Kekhawatiran yang Berkelanjutan
|id_tl   = Continuous Worries
|pt      = Sofrimentos do Crescimento
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|Standalone}}

[[es:Cosas de adultos]]
[[pt-br:"Sofrimentos do Crescimento"]]