{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 25030
|type          = Commission
|image         = <!--Commission {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png-->
|startLocation = {{LL|"Children of Echoes"|,}} [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = "Children of Echoes"
|requirement   = <!--Any quest that needs to be completed first-->
|next          = Grow Up Quickly, Littl'Un...?
|rewards       = 
|otherRewards  = * AR-Dependent Rewards
* Completing the dig without being in an explosion grants the {{Achievement|Citius, Altius, Fortius!}}
* Completing the endurance training perfectly grants the {{Achievement|Citius, Altius, Fortius!}}
|characters    = Akeor; Alem; Tahmures; Traveler
|npc           = Alem
}}
'''''Grow Up Quickly, Littl'Un''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in {{LL|"Children of Echoes"|,}} [[Natlan]].

==Steps==
# Listen to what [[Alem]] is saying
:;If the player chooses "observation"{{Colon}}
#<li value=2> Demonstrate "observation" for Alem
# Dig out the buried target mechanisms
# Report back to [[Akeor]]
:;If the player chooses "endurance"{{Colon}}
#<li value=2> Demonstrate "endurance" for Alem
# Reach the destination quickly
# Report back to [[Tahmures]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the dig without being in the radius of an explosion grants the {{Achievement|Citius, Altius, Fortius!}}
* Completing the endurance training perfectly{{Verify|exact requirements?}}<!--Exact requirement is not known, could be time limit or by avoiding crystals during the cliff climb--> grants the {{Achievement|Citius, Altius, Fortius!}}

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Add "endurance" variant dialogue.}}
{{Quest Description|At the [[Children of Echoes]]' tribal settlement, the archaeologist Tahmures and her assistant Akeor appear to have run into some trouble...}}

===Initial Encounter===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Akeor, Alem, and Tahmures)
:'''Alem:''' Tahmures! I wanna be an archaeologist too!
:'''Tahmures:''' Now there, Alem, being an archaeologist means more than just running around digging up rocks. It requires a whole lot of study, you know!
:'''Alem:''' But, but... archaeologists get to play with baby [[Saurian]]s! Mama won't even let me find my own Saurian!
:'''Akeor:''' Alem, didn't your mother already say that she'd talk about it once you were grown up?
:'''Alem:''' But I'm growing up right now! And you said that the only growing up that matters is your brain growing up!
:'''Alem:''' So if I learn all kinds of stuff from you, then I'll grow up faster! You said so yourself!
:'''Tahmures:''' That... is what I said. Hahaha... You're actually pretty sharp...
:'''Akeor:''' Tahmures... what should we do...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:{{DIcon}} I wanna be an archaeologist too!
::'''Akeor:''' And you, friend... You needn't do any more growing up. You look plenty mature already.
:'''Tahmures:''' As for us... Ahem... Alem, I did indeed say that, and I didn't lie to you either.
:'''Tahmures:''' But before you can officially start studying archaeology and taking related courses, you must... um... there's, uh... pre-class... pre-class training you have to take.
:'''Tahmures:''' And this good {{MC|m=lad|f=lass}} is the... um, mentor we hired, just to train you!
:{{DIcon}} Hi, I'm {{Traveler}}.
:'''Alem:''' Hooray!
:'''Tahmures:''' ...Sorry about this, but could you play along for a bit? Please, it's important, I'll definitely pay you back.
:{{DIcon}} I happen to be a very strict teacher.
::'''Alem:''' I'm not scared! We Children of Echoes are tougher than rocks!
:{{DIcon}} And how should you greet your teacher?
::'''Alem:''' Hello, Teacher! Nice to meet you!
:'''Tahmures:''' Okay! Now let's familiarize you with the curriculum... Akeor, you're up.
:'''Akeor:''' M&mdash;Me? I'm supposed to introduce the... Um... Alem, as you know, all those brave warriors in the tribe have all received "observation" and "endurance" training.
:'''Akeor:''' As an archaeologist who will frequently venture into dangerous environs, you too must possess such qualities.
:'''Alem:''' I'll do my best!
:'''Akeor:''' Very well then. Now, let's leave it up to your mentor which pre-class training to do first.
:{{DIcon}} Let's train her "observation" first.
:{{DIcon}} Let's train her "endurance" first.
:'''Akeor:''' Sounds good. Let's head to the training grounds then.
:{{DIcon}} ...There are really training grounds?
:'''Akeor:''' ...*cough* Keep it down, would you? I busted my chops finding this place. Our tribe uses it for training anyway, it just happens to be undergoing maintenance recently.
:'''Akeor:''' So though some mechanisms don't work... And others are partially dismantled... It's more than sufficient for training...
:{{DIcon}} Truly, your quick thinking is astounding.
:{{DIcon}} Who but you could come up with such an incredible idea on the spot?
:'''Akeor:''' Sorry, sorry... *sigh* Look, this was the best I could do. It was hard enough to find a relatively safe spot as it is, and I don't have what it takes to give Alem a convincing demonstration...
:'''Akeor:''' Help us, {{Traveler}}, you're our only hope! Please, if only for Alem's sake.
:'''Akeor:''' If we don't give her good advice and find something for her to do, she'll run off the tribe herself, and then who knows what kinda crazy hijinks she'll get into?
:{{DIcon}} Fine...
:'''Akeor:''' Thank you so much! Phew... I can finally relax a bit...
;(If "observation" was chosen)
::'''Tahmures:''' Okay! Let's head out sooner rather than later. Alem, you be sure to watch what {{Traveler}} does carefully, okay?
;(If "endurance" was chosen)
::'''Tahmures:''' Alright, let's head out sooner rather than later. Alem, you be sure to watch what {{Traveler}} does carefully, okay?
:'''Alem:''' Got it!
:'''Akeor:''' ...*sigh* I can't believe we're tricking a kid like this. [[Wayob]], please do not blame me, I don't know what else we can do...
{{Dialogue End}}

===="Observation"====
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location for "observation")
:'''Akeor:''' Ahem! We're here! This is the training grounds for honing your "observation."
:'''Akeor:''' It may look all flat and unassuming, but there's a ton of explosive mechanisms buried underground.
:'''Akeor:''' If you don't exercise good judgment and move too hastily, you might trigger one of them, and then boom! It'll rock you, and down to the ground you go.
:'''Akeor:''' Normally, we Children of Echoes use our [[Tepetlisaurus]] partners to help us excavate the target mechanisms while avoiding the obstacles.
:'''Akeor:''' However, as archaeologists, we must consider all kinds of extreme circumstances.
:'''Akeor:''' So... In this training, you can only rely on your powers of observation to find and excavate the buried targets.
:'''Akeor:''' Okay, next up, {{Traveler}} will demonstrate how to properly dig those mechanisms up!

;(Talk to Akeor before starting the task, optional)
:'''Akeor:''' Wayob forgive me, Wayob have mercy, we have no evil intentions... These mechanisms will knock someone over at most, and will never seriously injure anyone... Wayob, forgive me, Wayob, have mercy...

;(Talk to Alem or Tahmures before starting the task, optional)
:'''Alem:''' Tahmures... Do you archaeologists really have to take tough classes like this?
:'''Tahmures:''' That's a given! And this is nothing. Once you start formally studying, then you'll find out what "tough" really means...
:'''Alem:''' Oh...

;(Dig up the mechanisms)
:'''Tahmures:''' You've got some serious skill... You dug up the buried mechanisms in no time flat, and not only that... Your clothes aren't even mussed up. You probably weren't ever even knocked over by the explosives.
:'''Tahmures:''' Thank goodness! We're so lucky to have run into someone as amazing as you...
:'''Alem:''' Awesome!!! I wanna try too! Akeor, Akeor, let me, let me!
:'''Akeor:''' No need to be so hasty, Alem. We have to reset the field first. Once everything's ready, I'll bring you back here and walk you through it step by step.
:'''Akeor:''' But before that, you have to stay with Tahmures and not run off, you hear?
:'''Alem:''' I know, I know. I'll listen to her, and I definitely won't run off!
:'''Tahmures:''' That's a good kid, Alem. Now come on over, I'll read you some articles related to archaeology. Make sure you pay attention...
:'''Akeor:''' Phew... Thank you so much for your help, {{Traveler}}. I don't know what we'd have done without you...
:{{DIcon}} You could've just demonstrated yourself.
:'''Akeor:''' Me? *sigh* Don't even joke about that. If I didn't dig those treasures up, I'm afraid I wouldn't even be able to guarantee Tahmures's safety.
:'''Akeor:''' And I don't know when she plans to start her next archaeological dig... No, no, wait, if she finishes her expedition, then she'll return to [[Sumeru]], and then...
:'''Akeor:''' Oh! I... Y&mdash;You didn't hear anything. Here's your reward, please, just hurry up and take it, no need to stand on ceremony.
:'''Akeor:''' Alright, I need to go set things up again. Ugh... What should I bury this time? Maybe I should just bury some Grainfruit...
{{Dialogue End}}

===="Endurance"====
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location for "endurance")
:'''Akeor:''' Ahem! We're here! This is the training grounds for improving your "endurance."
:'''Akeor:''' Er... Our tribe actually invited the Scions of the Canopy to come and make some special modifications to the grounds.
:'''Akeor:''' Put simply, this training is all about reaching the finish line as fast as you can, any way you can!
:'''Akeor:''' Okay, next up, {{Traveler}} will demonstrate how to get to the finish line super quickly.

;(Talk to Akeor before starting the task, optional)
:'''Akeor:''' Wayob forgive me, Wayob have mercy, we have no evil intentions...

;(Talk to Alem or Tahmures before starting the task, optional)
:'''Alem:''' I'm the best at running! I'm so fast, that sometimes not even Mama can catch me!
:'''Tahmures:''' Wait, wait a second, Alem! We should watch the demonstration first. Remember, patience is an important virtue for archaeologists!
:'''Alem:''' Oh... fine, but afterward, I wanna be the first to run!

;(Climb up the mountain)
<!-- The dialogue is the same whether the player gets hit or not -->
:{{Black Screen|After a short while, Tahmures and the others emerge from the path to the side...}}
:'''Akeor:''' How do you run so fast? We took shortcuts and still couldn't keep up with you!
:'''Tahmures:''' Thank goodness! We're so lucky to have run into someone as amazing as you...
:'''Alem:''' I get it now, so can I start running? I'm all ready!
:'''Tahmures:''' Hold on now, Alem. No need to rush. Akeor still needs to make some adjustments to the course. So that... it'll be more suitable for you to really shine.
:'''Akeor:''' So before that, you need to stay with Tahmures, and no matter what, do not run off, or jump the gun.
:'''Alem:''' I know, I know. I'll listen, and I definitely won't start the run early!
:'''Tahmures:''' Alem, you're such a sweet kid. Come here now, let me see to your clothes, and make sure they don't trip you up halfway through...
:'''Akeor:''' Phew... Thank you so much for your help, {{Traveler}}. I don't know what we'd have done without you...
:{{DIcon}} You could've just demonstrated yourself.
:'''Akeor:''' Me? Don't even joke about that. Without my Saurian companion, and just under my own power? My legs can't carry me that fast.
:'''Akeor:''' *sigh* If only I could dig up some more treasures. But I don't even know when Tahmures plans to start her next archaeological dig...
:'''Akeor:''' No, no, wait, if she finishes her expedition, then she'll return to Sumeru, and then...
:'''Akeor:''' Oh! I... Y&mdash;You didn't hear anything. Here's your reward, please, just hurry up and take it, no need to stand on ceremony.
:'''Akeor:''' Alright, I need to go set things up again. Ugh... What should I set up this time?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Subsequent Encounters===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Akeor, Alem, and Tahmures)
:'''Alem:''' Tahmures, how's my training coming? Can I be an archaeologist now?
:'''Tahmures:''' Yes, you're doing great, Alem! Once you've got {{sic}} things down, I can start teaching you the formal courses!
:'''Akeor:''' Tahmures has specially prepared a bunch of resources for you. Once the training is over, be sure to study hard, okay?
:'''Tahmures:''' {{Traveler}}, you're here, and just in time! Alem, get ready to go train with your mentor, would you?
:{{DIcon}} Let's train her "observation" first.
:{{DIcon}} Let's train her "endurance" first.
:'''Alem:''' I'm all set!
:'''Akeor:''' You seem to have gotten out on the right side of the bed, Alem! Let's head to the training ground now.
{{Dialogue End}}

===="Observation"====
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location for "observation")
:'''Akeor:''' Just like last time, there's a bunch of buried mechanisms.
:'''Akeor:''' Since Alem's already good, I... upped the difficulty a bit, and buried even more.
:{{DIcon}} ...You buried new mechanisms?
:'''Akeor:''' ...Shh, keep your voice down! It's just we didn't finish dismantling all the explosives from last time, did we...
:'''Akeor:''' Anyway, {{Traveler}}, I'll leave the demo to you. I'm sure they won't pose a problem for you.

;(Talk to Akeor before starting the task, optional)
:'''Akeor:''' Alem... Is she actually serious about this...

:;(Talk to Alem or Tahmures before starting the task, optional)
:'''Alem:''' Tahmures, I already finish the book you gave to me last time, and took some notes too! See?
:'''Tahmures:''' Oh... Oh! These notes are... really not bad at all.
:'''Alem:''' Yeah! Because like you said, I have to study hard if I wanna be an archaeologist.
:'''Tahmures:''' ...I see.
:'''Tahmures:''' Alem, I {{sic|believethat}} you'll become the best archaeologist there is.
{{Dialogue End}}

===="Endurance"====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{tx}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Grow Up Quickly, Littl'Un
|zhs      = 小小人儿，快长大
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 小小人兒，快長大
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = はやく大きくなーれ！
|ja_rm    = Hayaku Ookiku Naare!
|ja_tl    = Quickly Grow Up!
|ko       = 꼬마야, 얼른 자라렴
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¡Crece rápido, pequeña!
|es_tl    = Grow Rapidly, Little One!
|fr       = Grandis vite, mon p'tit
|fr_tl    = Grow Up Quickly, My Littl'Un
|ru       = Пора взрослеть!
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = เจ้าตัวเล็กเอ๋ย รีบเติบโตซะนะ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Con Người Nhỏ Bé, Mau Lớn Lên
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Kleine, werd schnell erwachsen
|de_tl    = Little One, Grow Up Fast
|id       = Cepatlah Tumbuh Besar, Nak
|id_tl    = Grow Up Quickly, Little One
|pt       = Cresça Logo, Pequenina
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Çabuk Büyü Ufaklık
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Cresci bene, piccoletta
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Natlan|Standalone}}