{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 25031
|type          = Commission
|image         = <!--Commission {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png-->
|startLocation = {{LL|"Children of Echoes"|,}} [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = "Children of Echoes"
|requirement   = <!--Any quest that needs to be completed first-->
|prev          = Grow Up Quickly, Littl'Un
|prev2         = The Path of Papers
|rewards       = 
|otherRewards  = * AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Alrani; Narzam; Tahmures; Traveler
|npc           = Alem
}}
'''''Grow Up Quickly, Littl'Un...?''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in {{LL|"Children of Echoes"|,}} [[Natlan]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Tahmures]]
# Rescue Tahmures's friend{{Enemy List|Flowing Blade Grease-Saw;Flowing Blade Skirmisher;Koholasaurus Warrior: Reefsplitter}}
# Talk to Tahmures's friend
# Report back to Tahmures

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|At the [[Children of Echoes]]' tribal settlement, the archaeologist Tahmures seems extremely anxious about something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Tahmures)
:'''Tahmures:''' This is bad... This is really bad...
:{{DIcon}} Something gone wrong with [[Alem]]'s training?
:'''Tahmures:''' {{Traveler}}! Thank goodness you're here...
:'''Tahmures:''' There's no time to explain. Please help me save her!
:{{DIcon}} Is she a friend?
:{{DIcon}} Is she an acquaintance?
:'''Tahmures:''' I&mdash;I guess you could say that. We've both broken down several times over our theses, even cried our hearts out in the library together...
:'''Tahmures:''' Aaaah, but now's not the time for all this! She just wouldn't listen to me!
:'''Tahmures:''' She said she'd do anything for her thesis, then set off with that guard of hers, rambling about the wilderness together for who knows how long!
:'''Tahmures:''' But she still hasn't come back! And the tribe can't spare anyone to go rescue her...
:'''Tahmures:''' Please, {{Traveler}}, you have to go save her!
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me, I can handle it.
:{{DIcon}} Seriously, you people from the [[Akademiya]]...
::'''Tahmures:''' That girl... *sigh* All I'll say is that her luck is truly shocking. She was even going on about making one last-ditch effort for her thesis in Natlan...
:'''Tahmures:''' Anyway, please help me out, {{Traveler}}! I'm counting on you!

;(Talk to Tahmures again, optional)
:'''Tahmures:''' Worst comes to worst, can't you just... not finish writing the thesis? Aaaah&mdash;
----
;(Approach the marked location)
:'''???:''' Don't touch the bag! You can take the rest!
:'''???:''' Idiot! Let go of me, watch out!
:'''???:''' No no no no no! Do you have any idea how much effort I put into gathering up all these materials? Why would I want&mdash;
:'''???:''' Get away from me, you scumbags!
:'''???:''' Whoa! Th&mdash;That was close...
:'''???:''' Help! Help me! Thesis thief! Thesis thief!!!

;(After defeating the enemies)
:'''[[Alrani]]:''' Thank you, thanks for your help...
:'''[[Narzam]]:''' If I could have gotten rid of that damn bag earlier, I would have taken care of them all by myself.
:'''Alrani:''' No way! Then we'd have come to Natlan for nothing!
:{{DIcon}} Hold up, are you... Alrani?
:'''Alrani:''' Huh? Y&mdash;You're {{Traveler}}, aren't you? It's really you!
:{{DIcon}} This lady next to you, surely it's not...
:'''Narzam:''' Narzam, [[Treasure Hoarder]]. We've met before. You haven't forgotten, have you?
:'''Alrani:''' Phew... You really are my savior! How many times have you saved me now? Once, twice...
:'''Narzam:''' I hope you're not counting that time you were with me. That happened because you insisted on staying.
:'''Alrani:''' Of course I'm not counting that time. And what do you mean I insisted on staying? I already paid you!
:'''Narzam:''' Yeah, just about enough to cover food and drinks...
:{{DIcon}} Don't tell me you're here for your thesis again?
:'''Alrani:''' Hehe, well... Given the countless hours of hard work I've put into it, I couldn't just let it all go to waste, could I...
:'''Alrani:''' I applied for special funding from the Akademiya this time, and I even settled on a research topic as original as it gets.
:'''Alrani:''' Besides, I have Narzam with me as my guard. She's chased all the bad guys away.
:'''Narzam:''' Probably more just the fact that we're not carrying anything valuable enough to make it worth their while...
:{{DIcon}} But in the end...
:{{DIcon}} You still wound up running into trouble.
:'''Narzam:''' ...All this way, right from when we set out from the Children of Echoes, this girl's been clutching that bag with all her documents in as if it were a baby.
:'''Narzam:''' To be honest, even to me, she looks like some fool clinging on to treasure.
:'''Narzam:''' And someone carrying treasure, walking through an empty wilderness with only a single guard to protect her... Who wouldn't give that a try?
:'''Alrani:''' Well, you're right about one thing... My bag is indeed full of treasure! Not only does it contain all my field interview records, but copies of various documents too.
:'''Alrani:''' Armed with treasures like these, I'll have no problem writing my thesis!
:'''Alrani:''' And my chosen topic &mdash; the "[[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame]]." It's a subject of great importance, so I'll surely be able to graduate.
:'''Alrani:''' Oh, and of course, I couldn't have done it without Tahmures. This was her idea in the first place! She really is a great friend, teehee...
:'''Alrani:''' Thank you once again, {{Traveler}}. If it wasn't for you, those bad guys would not only have ruined my books, they'd have stolen my money too!
:'''Alrani:''' A while back, I finally managed to earn a bit of pocket money by helping organize some books and materials. If it had been stolen, I wouldn't be able to afford any new materials myself.
:'''Narzam:''' True, but you'd end up spending all your money on books regardless. If I hadn't confiscated your wallet, we'd have gone hungry for sure...
:'''Alrani:''' I&mdash;I don't buy that many books... do I...?
:'''Alrani:''' Anyway, that's enough talk for now. We still need to head over to the [[People of the Springs]] to gather materials.
:'''Alrani:''' Goodbye then! My thesis shall be finished next we meet &mdash; I guarantee it! And when that time comes, I'll treat you to a delicious meal!
----
;(Talk to Tahmures)
:'''Tahmures:''' So, how did it go?
:{{DIcon}} Alrani's safe and sound.
:{{DIcon}} She's still not done gathering materials.
:'''Tahmures:''' Phew... I was worried sick. If you'd have taken any longer, I'd have set off searching myself!
:'''Tahmures:''' Couldn't that fool have picked a slightly simpler topic? With her ability, I'm sure she'd still get a high enough grade to graduate.
:'''Tahmures:''' She always chooses such huge topics, does heaps of preparation, then ends up with nothing to show for it.
:'''Tahmures:''' Apologies... I'm letting myself get carried away. Thank you for your help. Please, take these as payment.
:'''Tahmures:''' *sigh* That halfwit... Why does she always make things so difficult for herself...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Grow Up Quickly, Littl'Un...?
|zhs      = 小小人儿，快长大…？
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 小小人兒，快長大…？
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = はやく大きくなーれ…？
|ja_rm    = Hayaku Ookiku Naare...?
|ja_tl    = Quickly Grow Up...?
|ko       = 꼬마야, 얼른 자라…렴?
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Crece rápido, ¿pequeña...?
|es_tl    = Grow Rapidly, Little One...?
|fr       = Grandis vite, mon p'tit...?
|fr_tl    = Grow Up Quickly, My Littl'Un...?
|ru       = Пора взрослеть?..
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = เจ้าตัวเล็กเอ๋ย รีบเติบโตซะนะ...?
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Con Người Nhỏ Bé, Mau Lớn Lên...?
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Kleine, werd schnell erwachsen ...?
|de_tl    = Little One, Grow Up Fast ...?
|id       = Cepatlah Tumbuh Besar ... Nak?
|id_tl    = Grow Up Quickly ... Little One?
|pt       = Cresça Logo, Pequenina...?
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Çabuk Büyü Ufaklık?
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Cresci bene, piccoletta...?
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Natlan}}