{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71823
|summary       = 
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|requirement   = Complete the quest [[Guests in Qingce]]
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|type          = World
|startLocation = [[Qingce Village]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Ms. Bai; Paimon; Traveler; Zhi
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Qingce Village
}}
'''''Guardians of the Countryside'''''  is the second request in Part III of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the ninth day of the event.

==Steps==
# Go and have a look in the wild nearby [[Qingce Village]]
#Go and pick [[Qingxin]] flowers atop the summit
#* Obtain [[Fresh Qingxin]]
#Go and pick [[Calla Lily|Calla Lilies]] from along the riverbanks
#* Obtain [[Slime-Swallowed Calla Lily]]
#Pick some [[Lotus Head]]s after midnight (00:00 – 06:00)
#* Obtain [[Fresh Lotus Head]]
#Report back to [[Zhi]]
#Accompany Zhi to the mill

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The festival is in full swing, [[Zhi]] of [[Qingce Village]] is trying to remedy a herb-related predicament...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Speak with Zhi)
:'''Zhi:''' Hmm, we're still running a bit low on herbs...
:{{DIcon}} Are you planning to go pick some more?
:'''Zhi:''' Yes, I was just about to head out. I always like to prepare a little more medicine than usual around this time each year.
:'''Zhi:''' Nothing particularly potent, of course, just the usual stuff used for treating fevers or indigestion.
:{{DIcon}} Why don't you just get a prescription from [[Bubu Pharmacy]]?
:'''Zhi:''' Bubu Pharmacy is much too far away. It's a long walk from here to [[Liyue Harbor]].
:'''Zhi:''' Especially for the children and elderly folks who live in Qingce Village. The journey might be manageable for an adventurer like you, but not for them.
:'''Zhi:''' That's why I like to prepare some herbal remedies for minor maladies in advance.
:'''Zhi:''' Of course, if someone were to come down with something serious, then we'd have no choice but to get a proper prescription from Bubu Pharmacy... Let's hope that doesn't happen...
:'''Zhi:''' I'll chat with you later, I still have to gather some more herbs, and then I've got to bring them back to have them processed...
:{{DIcon}} We can help.
:'''Zhi:''' Eh? You'd really do that? That would be great! I was actually starting to stress about how long this would take me by myself...
:'''Zhi:''' Let me see... I think I still need three different types of herbs...
:'''Zhi:''' One of them is Qingxin, which grows on mountain peaks. It is both nourishing and good for digestion.
:'''Zhi:''' Another is Calla Lily, which can be found along riverbanks. They can be used to regulate one's hydration.
:'''Zhi:''' Calla Lilies that grow by the riverbanks are the best quality, so that's where I get mine whenever I can. Calla Lilies found elsewhere pale in comparison in terms of medicinal value...
:'''Zhi:''' Finally, I'll need some Lotus Heads from the nearby pool. When made into medicine, they can be used to calm the nerves and strengthen the heart. You must be quite particular about when you pick them, though. Get them between midnight and six in the morning for the best effect.

;(Talk to Zhi again)
:'''Zhi:''' I'll leave those three herbs to you, I still need to deal with other herbs here.
----
;(After picking Fresh Qingxin)
:'''Paimon:''' We've finally found what we need! Hmm, this sure is a unique flower...
----
;(Upon reaching the Calla Lilies' location)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, that's a lot of slimes. Wait... Where are the Calla Lilies? Paimon doesn't see a single one around here...
:'''Paimon:''' Did these slimes swallow our herbs!? Zhi said that the Calla Lilies here have the best medicinal effects...
:'''Paimon:''' There's nothing for it, let's take these slimes out and reclaim the Calla Lilies!
----
;(After picking Slime-Swallowed Calla Lily)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, we've finally got our Calla Lilies.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's hope these Calla Lilies can still be used...
----
;(Pick Fresh Lotus Head)
:;(Attempt to pick them before the optimal time)
:'''Paimon:''' Wait a second... now doesn't seem to be right time to be picking Lotus Heads.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Zhi wanted us to pick Lotus Heads between midnight and 06:00, right? We'll have to wait for the right time.
:;(At the optimal time)
:'''Paimon:''' That should do it! Let's take these Lotus Heads back.
----
;(Report back to Zhi)
:'''Zhi:''' You're back! Were you able to find the herbs I asked for?
:{{DIcon}} Got 'em right here.
:'''Zhi:''' Thanks for all your help. I've also asked Ms. Bai to help me with handling the herbs. Let's go and take them to the mill.
----
;(Accompany Zhi to the mill)
:'''[[Ms. Bai]]:''' Oh, allow me to take care of these herbs. Once I'm finished, you can take them back and start concocting the medicine.
:'''Zhi:''' Thank you. Now, I just need to find a way of making the medicine a little sweeter, otherwise, there's no way the kids will be willing to take it...
:{{DIcon}} Are you so busy around this time every year?
:'''Zhi:''' Yes, more or less. There aren't many young people in Qingce Village these days, so we have to help out wherever we can.
:'''Zhi:''' Being busy for these few days every year is not a problem. Besides, things have already been much easier this year thanks to all your help.
:'''Zhi:''' In previous years, I'd have to spend many days gathering herbs, to say nothing of the amount of time it would take to make the medicine...
:'''Zhi:''' Alright, thanks for your help. I'll go to process these herbs now, and then I'll prepare my Xiao Lantern.
:'''Zhi:''' I almost forgot to release one last year. Have to make sure I don't forget this time...
:{{DIcon}} What would you like to wish for?
:'''Zhi:''' Hmm... For everyone in Qingce Village to stay in good health? Yeah, I'll probably wish for something like that.
:'''Zhi:''' But wishes lose effect if you say them out loud, so you're not getting anything more out of me.
:'''Zhi:''' These are for you &mdash; thanks for your help today.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Guardians of the Countryside
|zhs     = 守乡人
|zhs_rm  = Shǒu Xiāng Rén
|zht     = 守鄉人
|zht_rm  = Shǒu Xiāng Rén
|zh_tl   = Guardians of the Countryside
|ja      = 郷を守る人
|ja_rm   = Gou wo Mamoru Hito
|ja_tl   = Guardians of the Countryside
|ko      = 고향을 수호하는 자
|ko_rm   = Gohyang-eul Suhohaneun Ja
|ko_tl   = People Who Protect Hometown
|es      = Velando por los aldeanos
|es_tl   = Watching Over the Villagers
|fr      = Tour floral
|fr_tl   = Floral Walk
|ru      = На страже деревни
|ru_tl   = Guarding the Village
|th      = ผู้ปกป้องนอกเมือง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Người ở lại cố hương
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wächter der Lande
|de_tl   = Guardian of the Land
|id      = Penjaga Pinggiran Kota
|id_tl   = Guardian of the Countryside
|pt      = Ajudando os Aldeões
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}