{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|affiliation      = Guhua Clan
|affiliationNote  = namesake
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Liyue
}}
{{Lang|'''Guhua'''|zh=古华|zh_rm=Gǔhuá}} is a historical and mythological figure in [[Liyue]], famous for being a peacekeeping martial nomad and the namesake of the [[Guhua Clan]]. While the Clan recognizes Guhua as its founder, he was never its Master and never took on a disciple; it was established after his death by Baixuan, whom Guhua once showed favor to when Baixuan was a boy.<ref name="Wen">{{Ref/Quest|A Wangshan Walk to Remember|note=optional dialogue with Wen the Fourth after completing all trials}}</ref>

The [[Rainslasher]] is said to have been his weapon while he was alive.

==Story==
In the distant past, Guhua trained at [[Mt. Lingmeng]] in a place called Lingmeng Chamber, which has since become known as [[Wangshan Hall]]. There, Guhua developed his three techniques, known as the Three Guhua Greats: Rain Cutter for the sword, Light Piercer for the spear, and Life Ender for the combination of both.<ref name="Wen" />

Guhua suffered many setbacks in his pursuit of martial prowess, some of which led him on a great many detours. For example, his decision to build a pond underneath the Plumwatcher Piles as a result of falling off them too many times, led him to raise fish in the pond for food, followed by ten pages of his notes becoming dedicated to different methods of fish preparation &mdash; complete with some illustrations &mdash; instead of recording his training progress. Similarly, when Baixuan visited him while he was recuperating from yet another injury, Guhua was so impressed by the [[Guhua Fish & Lamb Soup|mutton and fish dish]] that Baixuan brought him that he not only taught his Life Ender technique to the boy in exchange for the recipe, but dedicated the next several pages of his notes to different mutton recipes.<ref name="Scrolls">{{Ref/Quest|Scrolls and Sword Manuals of Guhua}}</ref>

At some point before learning Baixuan's mutton recipe, Guhua renovated the library and built a secret underground chamber below it, sealing it with elemental scrolls that could only be distinguished with [[Elemental Sight]].<ref name="Scrolls" /> Inside the chamber, an engraving on the mechanism in the center of the chamber appears to be penned by Guhua, although its tone is drastically different than his writings in his notes: "...The heavens are unfaithful, and those who seek its blessing and gain audience are rare. Fate is capricious, and those whose prosperity endures are few... They who are favored often find their paths barred, and worse awaits those who are not... This monument was left to ask this of future generations. When you have reached a dead end, what shall you do?"<ref name="Shrouded Vale">{{Ref/Quest|Shrouded Vale, Hidden Hero}}</ref>

In the [[Ancient Swordsman's Inscriptions]] found at the end of the secret chamber's exit, Guhua boasts of several of his feats, including slaying [[dragon]]s and drinking their blood, slaying tigers at [[Mt. Tianheng]], and "skewer[ing]" a scaled beast at the [[Sea of Clouds]].<ref>{{Ref/HEO|Wangshan Swordsman's Inscriptions}}</ref><ref>Achievement: [[Five Blades Return to Wangshan]]<br>''Find all five "lost swords of Guhua."''</ref>

===Legacy===
According to legend, he was an [[adeptus]] and a martial nomad who, at the end of his journey, ascended and became a star in the midst of a purple haze at [[Huaguang Stone Forest]].<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Rainslasher}}</ref> However, this legend is not substantiated in any other material about him, and no member of the Guhua Clan perpetuates this myth.

==Trivia==
* The figure shares his name with the Chinese name of the weapon [[Prototype Archaic]] {{Lang|zh=试作古华|zh_rm=Shìzuò Gǔhuá|zh_tl=Prototype Guhua}}. The weapon is simply given the name "Guhua" in its lore description.

===Etymology===
*{{Lang|Guhua|zh=古华}} translates to "ancient splendor."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Guhua
|zhs      = 古华
|zhs_rm   = Gǔhuá
|zht      = 古華
|zht_rm   = Gǔhuá
|ja       = 古華{{Sino|ja|zh}}
|ja_rm    = Koka<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Justice, for Books' Sake|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ko       = {{tt|고화|古華}}{{Sino|ko|zh}}
|es       = Guhua
|fr       = Guhua
|ru       = Гухуа
|th       = Guhua
|vi       = {{tt|Cổ Hoa|古華}}{{Sino|vi|zh}}
|de       = Guhua
|id       = Guhua
|pt       = Guhua
|tr       = Guhua
|it       = Guhua
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Guhua]]
[[pt-br:Guhua]]