{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Guide to Wondrous Sights
|image             = Guide to Wondrous Sights.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-08-23 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-08-30 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/125437
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240823mualani-1889o1/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Kachina;Kinich;Mualani;Traveler
}}
{{Description|During the event, follow [[Mualani]] to admire the sights of [[Natlan]] and take commemorative photos. You will receive in-game item rewards after visiting all the locations.<br>Mualani's web event is here! Take part to win Primogems~}}
'''Guide to Wondrous Sights''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.8]].

==Event Duration==
08/23/2024 12:00 – 08/30/2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, follow Mualani to admire the sights of Natlan and take commemorative photos. You will receive in-game item rewards after visiting all the locations.
{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*40;Mystic Enhancement Ore*2;Varunada Lazurite Fragment*3;Mora*20,000}}

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, follow Mualani to visit the four Natlan scenic spots she recommends to take travel commemorative photos and watch her surfing performance to receive in-game item rewards.
# Watch Mualani's surfing performance to claim the event wallpapers.

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpapers are not available after the event ends. Please claim them in time.
# After visiting all the landscapes, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Guide to Wondrous Sights
|zhs      = 伴游奇景
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 伴遊奇景
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = この景色を君と
|ja_rm    = Kono Keshiki wo Kimi to
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 이 풍경을 너와 함께
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Guía de paisajes maravillosos
|es_tl    = Guide to Wonderful Sceneries
|fr       = Ensemble pour un voyage fantastique
|fr_tl    = Together for a Fantastical Journey
|ru       = Гид по удивительным красотам
|ru_tl    = Guide to Wondrous Beauties
|th       = ท่องทิวทัศน์แสนวิเศษ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Cùng Ngắm Cảnh Đẹp
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Auf zu wunderbaren Landschaften
|de_tl    = Off to Wonderful Sceneries
|id       = Menjelajahi Pemandangan Nan Fantastis
|id_tl    = Exploring Fantastic Views
|pt       = Uma Guia Maravilhosa
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Büyüleyici Yerlerin Rehberi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Guida delle meraviglie
|it_tl    = Guide of Wonders
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[es:Guía de paisajes maravillosos]]
[[ru:Гид по удивительным красотам]]
[[vi:Cùng Ngắm Cảnh Đẹp]]