{{About|the [[Archon Quest]]|the historical character|Guizhong}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01015
|image         = Archon Quest C1A2 Guizhong.png
|title         = Guizhong
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = II
|act           = Farewell, Archaic Lord
|part          = 6
|description   = You came to renowned purveyor of Liyue herbal medicine, [[Bubu Pharmacy]], to procure some Everlasting Incense. But what started out as a straightforward trip to the pharmacy has turned into a far more complicated affair...
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Downtown
|next          = Zhongli's Treat
|exp           = 700
|mora          = 24,250
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Baizhu;Changsheng;Ekaterina;Freckle Huang;Paimon;Qiqi;Tartaglia;Traveler;Zhongli
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Guizhong|chapter=1|act=2|part=6}}

==Steps==
# Go to [[Bubu Pharmacy]]
# Find the source of the mystery voice
# Look for the Guizhong Ballista
# Inspect the Ballista
# Retrieve spare parts from the military supply post
#* You can glide into the window to access the post at the marked location. Inside are multiple Common Chests, and the spare parts are in these chests.
# Repair the Guizhong Ballista
# Defeat the Treasure Hoarders
#* {{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Electro Potioneer;Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger;Treasure Hoarders: Handyman;Treasure Hoarders: Marksman;Treasure Hoarders: Crusher*2;Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer*2;Treasure Hoarders: Scout*5|#*}}
# Find [[Qiqi]] back at the Bubu Pharmacy
# Put the Everlasting Incense in place

==Notes==
*Completing this quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[Respecting Cultural Heritage]]."

==Dialogue==
===Bubu Pharmacy===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Enter Bubu Pharmacy)
:{{A|vo lyaq106 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, the reception is deserted. And it seems kinda spooky in here...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello? Is anybody there?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 1 qiqi 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Welcome to Bubu Pharmacy.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' D-did you hear that? Wh-Where did it come from?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 1 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The reception, it seems.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), how about... you go check it out, and... Paimon will bring up the rear.
----
;(After approaching the reception desk)
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, there you are! But you can't even reach the counter!
:{{DIcon}} Is she... a zombie!?
::{{A|vo lyaq106 2 paimon 02a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah... Paimon thinks you might be right! Look at the talisman on her forehead!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, if we're going to talk about height, you ahh...
::{{A|vo lyaq106 2 paimon 02b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Joke's on you &mdash; Paimon floats, so height is no restriction.
::{{A|vo lyaq106 2 paimon 02b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, there's something weird about this one over here. What's that talisman doing on her forehead?
::{{A|vo lyaq106 2 paimon 02b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It can't be... she's... a zombie!?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 qiqi 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Welcome to Bubu Pharmacy. I am Qiqi.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 qiqi 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Once upon a time, Qiqi died. Then, Qiqi was saved by the [[adepti]]. Now, Qiqi is a zombie.
:{{DIcon}} Such nonchalant delivery for a bombshell revelation...
:{{DIcon}} Do zombies also count as adepti...?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Something like this would be unimaginable in [[Mondstadt]]...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hello... little girl. Do you sell Everlasting Incense here?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 qiqi 03.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Excuse me, sir. Did you bring your prescription?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I... Surely no prescription is needed to purchase Everlasting Incense? It's not a controlled substance...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 qiqi 04.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Qiqi can get your medicine. But only if you show Qiqi your prescription. These are Qiqi's orders, from Qiqi.
:{{DIcon}} "Orders"?
:{{DIcon}} Why is she being so difficult?
::{{A|vo lyaq106 2 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I'm afraid that she's probably right &mdash; it's to do with her orders.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Zombies are limited to acting within the confines of their orders. And somehow, in this case, the zombie issues her own orders to herself.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' My dear Qiqi, we didn't bring a prescription, I'm afraid. But we do hope that you can still help us find some Everlasting Incense.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 qiqi 05.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Okay then.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How did you manage that?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 qiqi 06.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' But, Qiqi helps you, you help Qiqi. Only fair.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Since when do customers need to do favors for customer service staff?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Never mind, just think of it as a peer-to-peer transaction. That way everybody wins. Sometimes, in Liyue, the art of the deal is simply about victory via mental gymnastics.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 qiqi 07.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Go to [[Mt. Tianheng]]. Find the [[Guizhong Ballista]]. And hunt a Cocogoat. Please and thank you.
:{{DIcon}} Hunt the what with the which at where?
::{{A|vo lyaq106 2 zhongli 07a.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Guizhong Ballista... I have heard of this device before.
:{{DIcon}} She's playing games with us...
::{{A|vo lyaq106 2 zhongli 07b.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I don't believe so. The Guizhong Ballista, at least, I have heard of before.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It is a kind of crossbow turret, installed on Mt. Tianheng by an adeptus<ref group="Note">The Chinese term for "adeptus/adepti", {{Lang|mini=1|zh=仙人|zh_rm=Xiānrén}}, does not specify singular or plural. The use of "an adeptus" may be a misinterpretation on the part of the English translator, which lends to confusion as [[Guizhong]] and [[Cloud Retainer]] are each referred to as the creator of the Ballista, albeit in different sources.</ref> in the distant past. An early mechanical device.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Located in Tianheng Pass, it was designed to automatically fire at large monsters, protecting Liyue from external threats.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mr. Zhongli really knows Liyue inside out!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Apparently, not quite... This is the first I have ever heard of the "Cocogoat."
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 qiqi 08.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' The Cocogoat is a legendary animal. An adeptibeast.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you wanna add anything else, or...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 qiqi 09.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' No. Just that the Cocogoat is a legendary animal. An adeptibeast.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 qiqi 10.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' What it looks like: don't know. Where to find it: don't know either. Where it came from: also don't know.
:{{DIcon}} Do tell us if you remember anything else you don't remember...
:{{DIcon}} This isn't much to go on...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 zhongli 11.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Very well then... Let's start by investigating near the {{Color|buzzword|Guizhong Ballista}}. Perhaps we will find some clues.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the heck is a Cocogoat...

;(Talk to Qiqi again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq106 qiqi 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Cocogoat. Go find it.
{{Dialogue end}}

===The Ballista===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon checking the ballista)
:{{A|vo lyaq106 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's huge! Paimon can totally believe it took an adeptus to build this.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... how do you operate this thing? Just think how much strength you would need...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 4 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hmm... It is currently inoperable, in any case. This device is broken.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, what? It broke!?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 4 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' After millennia of wear and tear, even adepti contraptions are difficult to maintain.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what're we gonna do? Quick, Mr. Zhongli, use your unlimited high-society knowledge powers!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 4 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hmm. You almost make it sound like I'm some sort of... bourgeois parasite, whose only utility lies in providing quaint pieces of trivia on demand.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 4 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That said, let me think for a moment... Ah yes. Spare parts were made for the Guizhong Ballista when it was first built, in case it was damaged in battle.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 4 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' As I recall, there is a military supply post from that period somewhere inside the Pass.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 4 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' If we can retrieve the spare parts from where they are stored, we may be able to repair the Guizhong Ballista. One just needs to understand the basic working principles of the device.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... what you're saying is that you actually understand the working principles?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 4 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I have a smattering of knowledge on the topic.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 4 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' With the {{Color|buzzword|parts}} in hand, I could at least tinker with it.
----
;(While looking for the supply post)
:{{A|vo lyaq106 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where is that supply post? Here, posty posty posty...

;(After finding [[Guizhong Ballista Maintenance Material]] ×2 and returning)
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' These parts look useful.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' One moment, I will try to repair the device...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It is done. The Guizhong Ballista is more intricately designed than I thought.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Woo! Now how do we turn it on?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It's easy enough. We simply need to do this... Look, it even has a scope.
;(The scope pans towards different locations.)
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Over here we have... nothing. And over there... More nothing.
;(The scope pans towards a group of three Treasure Hoarders standing nearby.)
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 frecklehuang 01.ogg}} '''Freckle Huang:''' Hey! Just what do you think you're doing!?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 frecklehuang 02.ogg}} '''Freckle Huang:''' So you fixed up this turret... because you're planning to do what, exactly!?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Not a turret. A Guizhong Ballista. Also, kindly state your name before you ask a question, it's just good manners.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 frecklehuang 03.ogg}} '''Freckle Huang:''' Ha! Are you blind or something? You're looking at the leader of the Treasure Hoarders, old man!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 frecklehuang 04.ogg}} '''Freckle Huang:''' This area's supposed to be chock-full of hidden treasures, but you can't get anywhere near them with this thing keeping watch. It might look like any other mechanical device, but trust me, it's got a mind of its own!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 frecklehuang 05.ogg}} '''Freckle Huang:''' Last time we approached the mountain, it nearly skewered one of our guys!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 frecklehuang 06.ogg}} '''Freckle Huang:''' A few of us risked our lives to disarm it &mdash; which, amazingly, we managed &mdash; and then we turn our backs for two seconds and you've ALREADY GONE AND REPAIRED IT!?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 frecklehuang 07.ogg}} '''Freckle Huang:''' The next thing you'll be repairing is your faces, and that's if you get out of this alive!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Tut-tut. Vandalizing the legacy of an adeptus for selfish gain. Disgraceful behavior.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 6 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It is not we who need reprimanding, but you.
----
;(After defeating all the Treasure Hoarders)
:{{A|vo lyaq106 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These lowlifes didn't know who they were messing with!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 7 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Troubling ourselves over this rabble is not worth the time. We should focus on our contract with Qiqi.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah... that. So we've got the Guizhong Ballista working, but where's our Cocogoat?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 7 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' A search using the Guizhong Ballista revealed no significant life forms nearby, save for the usual wildlife.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 7 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' What's more, a contraption built using adeptus technology should have no trouble detecting an "adeptibeast" as Qiqi put it.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ''Sigh''... Which means...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} Repairing this was a complete waste of time?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 7 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon wouldn't go that far. We did something positive, right?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 7 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We won't solve anything while standing here and racking our brains. Let's return to Bubu Pharmacy, explain that we could not find a Cocogoat, and review our next step.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good idea. We did our best, and that's what counts.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Return to Bubu Pharmacy===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Forgive us, we were unable to fulfill our end of the contract. We found no trace of the Cocogoat adeptibeast of which you speak.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 qiqi 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Ah. What a disappointment. Don't worry about it. But I feel very disappointed.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, poor Qiqi... Why does Paimon feel so guilty all of a sudden?
:{{DIcon}} Qiqi, do you have any other clues?
:{{DIcon}} What do you need this Cocogoat for?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 qiqi 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Cocogoat milk is tasty. So tasty. Much better than normal goat milk. Only an adeptibeast could make such tasty milk.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 qiqi 03.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' I'm sorry. I have a... poor memory. I cannot remember the name of the milk. That's why I wrote it down. Where did I put it...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 qiqi 04.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Ah. Here. This is the name. "Coconut milk."
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Crowd:''' Ehh!?
:'''Zhongli:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I... owe you both an apology. I hastily agreed to what appeared to be an equitable agreement with this zombie child, when perhaps I should have undertaken further due diligence.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Never mind Zhongli, you didn't know. As the Liyue proverb goes, "All things are random, and... so how are you supposed to predict anything?" Literally no one could have seen this coming...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 qiqi 05.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Excuse me, everyone. Did Qiqi say a bad thing?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh... Sorry, (Traveler), but Paimon's gonna leave the job of shattering this poor kiddo's world to you...
:{{DIcon}} It all begins with the fruit of the coconut tree...
:{{DIcon}} It's time to tell you where coconut milk comes from...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 qiqi 06.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' No... Im-Impossible...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems Qiqi took this pretty hard.
:{{DIcon}} She just needs time to work through it.
:{{DIcon}} They all need to grow up sometime.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 baizhu 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Haha, someone learnt a valuable life lesson today, then? Thank you all for looking after my little Qiqi.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Might I ask, who...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 baizhu 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Ah, how rude of me. I'm Baizhu, boss of the Bubu Pharmacy.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thought Qiqi was the boss... turns out it's some wacko who wears medicinal ingredients around his neck!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 changsheng 01.ogg}} '''White Snake:''' What a sorry state of affairs... This little mascot is even more of a simpleton than Qiqi...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! The medicine&mdash; the snake is s-speaking!
:{{DIcon}} Wow, a talking snake!
:{{DIcon}} Nothing in Liyue surprises me anymore.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 changsheng 02.ogg}} '''White Snake:''' Hmph! I prefer to stay silent. But faced with strangers, I must speak, lest you mistake me for an escapee from the medicine cabinet, for I am a living, breathing serpent!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 baizhu 03.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Hahaha, don't mind Changsheng, she's a good girl, really. As for you three... Communal chaos-causing with Qiqi aside, what business brings you here?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Do you sell Everlasting Incense in this fine establishment?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 baizhu 04.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Everlasting Incense? Why, of course we do!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew, at last! Things are finally starting to come together&mdash;
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 baizhu 05.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Three million Mora, top quality, guaranteed.
:{{DIcon}} Three million?!
::{{A|vo lyaq106 8 paimon 09a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You might as well just rob the Golden House! Oh, but the Qixing have taken it over for now... Security will be tighter than usual.
:{{DIcon}} You might as well just rob the Golden House!
::{{A|vo lyaq106 8 paimon 09b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Too bad the Qixing have taken it over for now... Security will be tighter than usual.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hmm... Three million... An innocuous number in and of itself, though practically speaking, it could be a hard sum to come by.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a crazy number! We'd never be able to make that much Mora, and as for Mr. Zhongli... he's around three million short.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' This is correct.
:{{DIcon}} No shame...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What are we gonna do? Is this the part where we go crawling back to Childe?

:'''''Twenty minutes later...'''''

:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Bwahahahahahahahaha!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Cocogoat! Cocogo&mdash; Ahahaow my sides hurt... Oh my goodness, I cannot BELIEVE you fell for that!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Less laughter, more sympathy!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I'm almost in tears over here... Ah, thank you, that was the best laugh I've had in a long time. In return, I'm more than happy to sort out this mess you've managed to get yourselves into...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Excuse me, sir... Dr. Baizhu, isn't it? Truly honored. I'm Childe, one of the Fatui harbingers. Forgive my audacity, but I see a great many opportunities for us to collaborate in the future...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' If Bubu Pharmacy needed a stable supply of, say, coconut milk, the Fatui could help by setting up a robust and speedy distribution network.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 changsheng 03.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' Strange... I knew the Fatui infiltrated businesses with seductive deals, but... So much fuss over coconut milk?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 qiqi 07.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Coconut milk. Baizhu. Quick. Qiqi wants coconut milk.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 baizhu 06.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Ah... Yes, of course, Qiqi, anything you want... Th-Thank you, Childe. I look forward to a successful collaboration in the future. I can give you a discount on that Everlasting Incense too, let's say... 2,990,000 Mora.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's like, zero difference from three million!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hmm... 2,990,000... Also an innocuous number in and of itself, though practically speaking it is a whole ten thousand less than the original sum of three million.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Well, now that this is settled, we must head back to Yujing Terrace. Mr. Childe, Dr. Baizhu, Little Miss Qiqi, see you soon.
----
;(Outside the pharmacy, while Paimon and Traveler are still speaking to Baizhu and Qiqi)
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' That lot is an absolute riot. Honestly, I can't remember the last time I laughed so hard.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' So. You've been eavesdropping, I hope. What have I missed?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 ekaterina 01.ogg}} '''[[Ekaterina]]:''' Yes, Master Childe. They spoke of the Qixing taking the Golden House...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Well, well, well. Ningguang and her Qixing cronies. What else would they be hiding in the Golden House... if not the Exuvia?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 8 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I apologize, (Traveler). But I warned you, didn't I? As the old Liyue saying goes: "The walls have ears."
----
;(Talk to Qiqi)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq106 qiqi 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' This is good. There will be coconut milk from now on. Yes, it's good.

;(Talk to Baizhu)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq106 baizhu 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' What an odd exchange we've had. Well, I look forward to your patronage in the future as well. Hahaha.
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq106 changsheng 01.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' That sound is the laughter of a man who's found new people to fleece. Consider yourselves warned...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Yujing Terrace===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo lyaq106 9 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Well, as it stands, we've hired helpers, and we've acquired the Everlasting Incense. The completion of our preparations is not far off.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... Finally!
:{{A|vo lyaq106 9 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Well, Traveler. Have you gained anything from our adventure so far?
:{{DIcon}} It's been... odd.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 9 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Odd?
:{{DIcon}} I'm not sure if we've been living the high life...
:{{DIcon}} Or experiencing the struggles of the poor?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 9 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Haha, which is it, I wonder?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 9 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The questions that such travels raise are ever so complicated. Well, I'll leave you to ruminate over it yourself. As to remuneration for your help, I've decided...
:{{A|vo lyaq106 9 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' ...to treat you to a meal.
:{{DIcon}} Zhongli... treating?
:{{DIcon}} Wow. Amazing.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 9 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh? Ah, yes, don't worry. I will remember to bring the Mora this time.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 9 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Tonight, I shall take you both to an old hole-in-the-wall, praised throughout Liyue.
:{{A|vo lyaq106 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hole-in-the-wall? As in... a cool restaurant?
:{{A|vo lyaq106 9 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Indeed. let us meet near the harbor at "Third-Round Knockout."
{{Dialogue end}}

===Rites Observations===
{{Transclude|The Realm Within|Rites Observations}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Observe the censer)
:'''Observe the censer:''' (Everlasting Incense... The lengths we went to to get our hands on that.)
:'''Observe the censer:''' (I guess they'll burn it during the Rite of Parting...?)
:'''Observe the censer:''' (It should be a spectacular sight... two million, nine-hundred-and-ninety thousand Mora's worth of incense, going up in smoke.)

;(Observe the kites)
:'''Observe the kites:''' (The seven kites used in the ceremony, which represent The Seven.)
:'''Observe the kites:''' (How long before I find the one who took my (sister/brother)?)
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
===To be sorted===
* {{A|vo lyaq106 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Quite right! Let's get 'em, (Traveler)!
-->
==Trivia==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Guizhong
|zhs     = 归终
|zhs_rm  = Guīzhōng
|zht     = 歸終
|zht_rm  = Guīzhōng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 帰終
|ja_rm   = Kishuu
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 귀종
|ko_rm   = Gwijong
|es      = Guizhong
|fr      = Guizhong
|ru      = Гуй Чжун
|th      = Guizhong
|vi      = Guizhong
|de      = Guizhong
|id      = Guizhong
|pt      = Guizhong
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]

[[es:Guizhong (misión)]]
[[pt-br:Guizhong (Missão)]]