{{Location Infobox
|image        = Object Guizhong Ballista.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Sea of Clouds
|subarea      = Mt. Tianheng
}}
The '''Guizhong Ballista''' is an ancient crossbow-type weapon constructed by the late God of Dust, [[Guizhong]]<ref>{{Ref/Book|Stone Tablet Compilations - Vol. I}}</ref> and the [[adepti]], [[Cloud Retainer]] among them,<ref name="C1A3P5">{{Ref/Quest|Turning Point}}</ref> to protect [[Liyue]] against dangerous foes.<ref name="C1A2P6">{{Ref/Quest|Guizhong (Quest)}}</ref> It can function autonomously, firing at any perceived threats nearby, even [[Treasure Hoarders]] who try to get close to the ruins.

==Interactables==
===Guizhong Ballista Maintenance Notice===
The maintenance notice is located outside the supply post.
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Guizhong Ballista Maintenance Notice:''' "The Guizhong Ballista is an intricate machine of divine conception, and it could only come to fruition by the hands of mortal craftsmen through a tremendous degree of toil. Likewise, only through painstaking maintenance can it remain a truly mighty weapon. After centuries of peace in the land, should that ancient evil rear its ugly head and plunge the world into war once more, these spare parts shall be needed, and a craftsman of suitable caliber and character must be summoned to collect them."
:'''Guizhong Ballista Maintenance Notice:''' "A note to the collector: The structural parts, namely the beams and bow limbs, will all be found folded and stacked in the storage room. Robust and treated with lacquer, one may rest assured that they will remain completely intact for a millennium. As for the finely crafted parts, such as the trigger, fasteners, fletchings, bowstring, and so on and so forth, these will be found in a dedicated container. Please take that which you need."
:'''Guizhong Ballista Maintenance Notice:''' "This machine is integral to the defense of this land against its most formidable foes. Cherish each part as if it belonged to your own body, and perform your solemn repair duties with the utmost devotion. Cursed be any who would disgrace the history of this great machine by taking shortcuts in their work!"
{{Dialogue End}}

==History==
The Guizhong Ballista was initially designed by [[Guizhong]] under the name, "Obscuro Vulpes Mechanism." At the time, [[Rex Lapis]] judged it to be superior to [[Cloud Retainer]]'s mechanical creation. Despite conflicts between Guizhong and Cloud Retainer over their ideals, after Guizhong perished in the [[Archon War]], Cloud Retainer made finishing touches to the Ballista in honor of her memory.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Single Harmony for an Irreplaceable Soul}}</ref>

==Story==
In exchange for [[Everlasting Incense]], the [[Traveler]], [[Paimon]], and [[Zhongli]] agree to hunt down a "legendary adeptibeast" known as the Cocogoat for [[Qiqi]]. Hoping to use the Guizhong Ballista's power to seek out such a creature, they arrive only to find it broken and in disrepair. After gathering the [[Guizhong Ballista Maintenance Material]]s, Zhongli repairs the mechanism. While using it, however, a search for the Cocogoat not only fails to find any such beast, but also raises the ire of the [[Treasure Hoarders]] led by [[Freckle Huang]], who broke the Ballista in order to get to the treasure hidden in the ruins. After defeating the Treasure Hoarders, they leave the Ballista empty-handed.

While seeking a way to reach the [[Jade Chamber]], the Traveler and Paimon return to the Ballista. After discovering that the Ballista had been mysteriously repaired in a single day, the [[Liyue Qixing]] stationed the [[Millelith]] around it while this incident is being investigated. Paimon gets into an argument with the Millelith there, forcing the Traveler to fight them off until [[Keqing]] arrives and puts a stop to the confrontation.

After [[Tartaglia]] unleashes the ancient god [[Osial]] to threaten [[Liyue Harbor]] and draw out [[Morax]], Ningguang summons replica Ballistae at the [[Jade Chamber]] to fight against it, with modifications from [[Cloud Retainer]]. During the battle, however, the replica Ballistae come under attack by the [[Fatui/Enemies|Fatui]] before being ultimately destroyed by Osial.<ref name="C1A3P5" />

The Liyue Qixing soon created more enhanced versions of the ballistae for use against [[Beisht]] after Ningguang was alerted to its presence by [[Beidou]]. Set up on one of the smallest southern islands of [[Guyun Stone Forest]] and operated by Millelith soldiers under [[Keqing]]'s command, these ballistae dealt significant damage to Beisht; while a few were broken in the battle, most of them were left intact. After she fled, they were presumably dismantled and packed.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages

|1_en    = Guizhong Ballista
|1_zhs   = 归终机
|1_zhs_rm = Guīzhōng-jī
|1_zht   = 歸終機
|1_zht_rm = Guīzhōng-jī
|1_zh_tl = [[Guizhong]] Machine
|1_ja    = 帰終機
|1_ja_rm = Kishuu-ki<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Guizhong (Quest)|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|1_ja_tl = Guizhong Machine{{Sino|ja}}
|1_ko    = {{tt|귀종<->기|歸終機}}
|1_ko_tl = Guizhong Machine{{Sino|ko}}
|1_es    = Balista Guizhong
|1_es_tl = Guizhong Ballista
|1_fr    = Baliste de Guizhong
|1_fr_tl = Ballista of Guizhong
|1_ru    = Баллиста Гуй Чжун
|1_ru_tl = Guizhong Ballista
|1_th    = Guizhong Ballista
|1_vi    = Máy Guizhong
|1_vi_tl = Guizhong Machine
|1_de    = Guizhong-Geschütz
|1_de_tl = Guizhong Artillery
|1_id    = Guizhong Ballista
|1_pt    = Balista Guizhong
|1_pt_tl = Guizhong Ballista
|1_tr    = Guizhong Balistası
|1_tr_tl = 
|1_it    = Balista Guizhong
|1_it_tl = 
|2_en    = Obscuro Vulpes Mechanism
|2_zhs   = 翳狐机关
|2_zhs_rm = Yìhú Jīguān
|2_zht   = 翳狐機關
|2_zht_rm = Yìhú Jīguān
|2_zh_tl = Shadowy Fox Mechanism
|2_ja    = 翳狐からくり
|2_ja_rm = Eiko Karakuri<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Single Harmony for an Irreplaceable Soul|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|2_ja_tl = Shadowy Fox Mechanism
|2_ko    = {{tt|예호기관|翳狐機關}}
|2_ko_tl = Shielding Fox Device
|2_es    = Mecanismo Obscuro Vulpes
|2_es_tl = Dark Vulpes Mechanism
|2_fr    = Mécanisme Obscuro Vulpes
|2_fr_tl = Obscuro Vulpes Mechanism
|2_ru    = Механизм «Обскуро Вульпес»
|2_ru_tl = "Obscuro Vulpes" Mechanism
|2_th    = กลไกจิ้งจอกพรางตา
|2_th_rm = 
|2_th_tl = 
|2_vi    = {{tt|Cơ Quan|機關}} {{tt|Ế Hồ|翳狐}}
|2_vi_tl = 
|2_de    = Vorrichtung ,Obscuro Vulpes‘
|2_de_tl = Device "Obscuro Vulpes"
|2_id    = Mekanisme Obscuro Vulpes
|2_id_tl = Obscuro Vulpes Mechanism
|2_pt    = Mecanismo Obscuro Vulpes
|2_pt_tl = 
|2_tr    = Kara Tilki Mekanizması
|2_tr_tl = 
|2_it    = Meccanismo Obscuro vulpes
|2_it_tl = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Liyue}}

[[es:Balista Guizhong]]
[[ja:帰終機]]