{{About|the character|the Archon Quest in Chapter I: Act II|Guizhong (Archon Quest)}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Historical
|deceased         = Past
|name             = Guizhong
|image            = 
|element          = 
|title            = God of Dust
|title2           = Ruler of the Realm of Clouds
|title3           = Lord of Dust
|region           = Liyue
|affiliation      = Guili Assembly
|affiliation2     = Gods
|affiliation3     = Adepti
}}
{{Lang|'''Guizhong'''|zh=归终|zh_rm=Guīzhōng}} was the {{Lang|Lord of Dust|zh=尘王魔神}}. She is best known as one of the [[god]]s who presided over the [[Guili Assembly]], which she established alongside [[Morax]] and [[Marchosius]], and for her mechanisms such as the [[Guizhong Ballista]].

She perished in a battle during the [[Archon War]], while a massive flood forced the Guili Assembly's inhabitants to move south to [[Liyue Harbor]]. Since her death, Guizhong's legacy has been preserved in historical texts.

==Profile==
===Introduction===
{{Quote|Teach with wisdom, be bound by virtue, fortify the bones, unite in ambition|Guizhong's Four Commandments}}
Guizhong is the late God of Dust who was one of the rulers of the Guili Assembly. She was kind-hearted and wise but not particularly powerful, so she worked alongside the more powerful Morax to rule the Guili Assembly together. Guizhong had a particular interest in mechanics: the [[Guizhong Ballista]] was one of her handiworks, built with the aid of the [[adepti]], and she apparently collected [[Khaenri'ah]] technology such as [[Ruin Machines]] for research.<ref name="VttSS">{{Ref/Domain|Voyage to the Sanguine Sky}}</ref>

After the start of the Archon War, she ultimately lost her life in a destructive battle that laid waste to [[Dihua Marsh]] and [[Guili Plains]].<ref name="STC1">{{Ref/Book|Stone Tablet Compilations: Vol. I}}</ref>

===Personality===
Guizhong was a benevolent, gentle-natured goddess. She sympathized with humans, understanding their fragility and yearning for intelligence out of fear of their own mortality. Knowing that her strength was inferior to Morax's, she relied on strategy and wisdom to survive and allied with him so she could complement his brawn with her brains. During her life, she grew close to the other god; during their first meeting, she tried hiding how excited she was when she gave him the stone dumbbell that would symbolize their pledge, and many of the extant texts about the Guili Assembly reference their bond.<ref name="MoD">{{Ref/Weapon|Memory of Dust}}</ref><ref name="TLTF">{{Ref/Quest|Treasure Lost, Treasure Found (Part 1)}}</ref>

She hoped for her people to be wise and strong, to stand by a moral code, and to unite in protecting their home, the Guili Assembly. She also taught her people how to tend the soil, and herself was particularly fond of [[Glaze Lily|Glaze Lilies]]. In return, she was adored by her people.<ref name="TLTF"/>

Guizhong was devoted to the study of mechanics and collected dangerous machines such as [[Ruin Hunter]]s and [[Ruin Guard]]s for the sake of her research. With the help of the adepti, she built the Guizhong Ballista at the [[Mt. Tianheng]] pass to defend their territory from invaders.

===Appearance===
Guizhong took the form of a young woman with billowing sleeves.<ref name="MoD"/>

==Story==
===Early life===
Guizhong was born before the Archon War and initially established her civilization at an unknown location. At some point, she met [[Morax]] amid a field of [[Glaze Lily|Glaze Lilies]] and presented him with a stone dumbbell now known as the [[Memory of Dust]] as a mark of their pledge, although they never made a formal contract with each other.<ref name="MoD"/> The two became allies and Guizhong, with the help of the [[adepti]], built the [[Guizhong Ballista]] at Tianheng Pass to autonomously defend from invaders.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Guizhong (Archon Quest)}}</ref> She then moved her people north of Mt. Tianheng.<ref name="STC1" />

===Guili Assembly===
Guizhong taught her people agriculture, which greatly expanded their sphere of influence. While displaying her handiwork to Morax, she dubbed the area {{Lang|"the Plains of the Returning and Departing"|zh=归离原|zh_rm=Guīlí Yuán}}, or Guili Plains<ref name="STC1" /> &mdash; deriving the name from the first character of her name, combined with a character from the name Morax used at the time.<ref name="TLTF" /> The Guili Assembly was established, co-ruled by the two gods alongside [[Marchosius]], God of the Stove.<ref name="MM2">{{Ref/Quest|Three to Get Ready, and Here We Go}}</ref>

During the establishment of the Guili Assembly, Guizhong established her four commandments:<ref name="TLTF" />
:''"To unite in ambition is to be steadfast and immovable for all time."''
:''"Wisdom is like water, it nourishes all those who receive it and in it is a reflection of the truth."'''
:''"Fortify the bones, that movement be supple when the time comes."''
:''"Virtue grows tall like a tree, though there be shade it will flourish forever"''

At some point in time, Guizhong created the [[Voyage to the Sanguine Sky|Realm of Clouds]], located in [[Luhua Pool]]. Some unknown point later, the adepti built an abode next to it to house the evil and ancient artifacts &mdash; Ruin Machines &mdash; she collected while researching mechanics.<ref name="VttSS"/>

[[Cloud Retainer]], Guizhong, and Morax often met up at Retainer's abode at [[Mt. Aocang]] to eat together. It is suggested that the three would each prepare a dish, which they would then eat at the table towards the middle of the pond. Guizhong's seat was on the north side, with a bowl and a pair of chopsticks on the table.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Custodian of Clouds}}</ref>

===Archon War and Death===
During the [[Archon War]], Guizhong and other adepti fought to protect the people of Guili against the many evil gods and monsters that had plagued Liyue's lands.

3,700 years ago, Guizhong lost her life in a fierce battle over Guili Plains, during which "black dust choked the heavens and a thousand rocks splintered."<ref name="TLTF" /> She died amidst the Glaze Lilies, wearing one last lonely smile as she asked Morax to forget about the stone dumbbell she gave him and bemoaned the end of their journey together.<ref name="MoD"/> A massive flood swept through [[Dihua Marsh]] and Guili Plains, destroying the Guili Assembly.<ref>{{Ref/VP|Ruins of Guili}}</ref> Its inhabitants, with the help of Marchosius and the adepti, traveled south for ten days until they reached the land that would become [[Liyue Harbor]].<ref name="STC1" />

==Trivia==
*Zhongli's vast knowledge and refined mannerisms at present are believed by fans to be the result of Guizhong's influence, as she was the "brains" to his "brawn." This may be supported by [[Venti]] calling him a "brutish blundering buffoon,"<ref>{{Ref/VO|Venti|More About Venti: III}}</ref> though he only got to know Morax long after Guizhong already passed.
*Glaze Lilies are a key element of the Rite of Parting, as Guizhong was a dear friend to Zhongli and Glaze Lilies were her favorite flower.
*Zhongli can be seen fighting in Guizhong's Realm of Clouds in his Collected Miscellany trailer.
*The "maiden in a long indigo robe" who wandered Guili Plains, spoken about in [[Records of the Gallant#Vol. 2|Records of the Gallant: Dust]], is suggested to have some link to Guizhong based on its references to dust and the location of her sightings.
*It is likely that [[Primordial Jade Cutter]], which Morax carved as a gift for "a certain someone," was intended for Guizhong before her untimely death. In its description, "when tender feelings are [...] reduced to dust on the wind" is a nod towards the way Guizhong's body dissipated into dust upon her death, and precedes the line about how Morax would proceed to use the sword to cut down his former friends.
**The maiden in Records of the Gallant: Dust wielded a sword which, given her links to Guizhong, may further indicate that Guizhong herself wielded swords when she was alive.
*[[Lingju Pass#Someone's Poetry|Someone's Poetry]] in [[Lingju Pass]] uses Guizhong's name ({{Lang|mini=1|zh=归终}}) in the Chinese version: {{Lang|mini=1|zh=惟彼宇宙之难笼，苟循死生之归终。}} However, the phrase is using the meaning of the characters, which roughly translates to "Return to the End."

===Etymology===
*{{Lang|Guizhong|zh=归终}} is a legendary Chinese beast mentioned in the ''{{w|Yiwen Leiju}}''. It is a type of {{Lang|mini=1|zh=[https://baike.baidu.hk/item/%E7%8B%8C%E7%8B%8C/8080304 狌狌]|zh_rm=xīngxīng}}, a legendary ape-like beast said to know all about the past but cannot know the future.<ref>Baike Encyclopedia: [https://baike.baidu.com/item/%E5%BD%92%E7%BB%88/254168 归终]</ref><ref>CText: [https://ctext.org/text.pl?node=551346&if=en&remap=gb#n551353 艺文类聚 Vol. 95: Beasts, 狌狌, Line 7]</ref>
*Like other ancient gods, Guizhong's name may also be derived from a demon in the {{w|Ars Goetia}}. In particular, her name could double up as a corruption of {{w|Gusion}}, a Great Duke of Hell and could tell "all past, present and future things, shows the meaning of all questions that are asked to him, reconciles friends, and gives honor and dignity."
*While the name Morax went by during the Guili Assembly is unknown, his current alias {{Lang|[[Zhongli]]|zh=钟离}} also contains the {{Lang|mini=1|zh=离|zh_rm=lí}} character Guizhong used when she came up with {{Lang|"Guili"|zh=归离}}, which was a portmanteau of their names.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Guizhong
|zhs     = 归终
|zhs_rm  = Guīzhōng
|zht     = 歸終
|zht_rm  = Guīzhōng
|ja      = {{Rubi|帰|き|終|しゅう}}
|ja_rm   = Kishuu
|ko      = 귀종
|ko_rm   = Gwijong
|es      = Guizhong
|fr      = Guizhong
|ru      = Гуй Чжун
|th      = Guizhong
|vi      = Guizhong
|de      = Guizhong
|id      = Guizhong
|pt      = Guizhong
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Guizhong]]
[[pt-br:Guizhong]]
[[ru:Гуй Чжун]]
[[th:Guizhong]]