{{Character Infobox
|image            = Gunnhildr Clan.png
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
|name             = 
|realname         = 
|affiliation      = Gunnhildr Clan
|region           = Mondstadt

|title            = 
}}
'''Gunnhildr''' was a historical figure in [[Mondstadt]] and the namesake of the [[Gunnhildr Clan]]. She lived during [[Decarabian]]'s reign and became a devotee of the wind elemental spirit that would eventually become [[Barbatos]].<ref name="BoG">{{Ref/Book|Biography of Gunnhildr}}</ref>

==Profile==
While Gunnhildr was not the founder of her clan, her major contribution to the establishment of the current Mondstadt led her clan's descendants to name themselves after her. She was the daughter of the clan's leader, and along with the rest of her clan, left Decarabian's capital city after growing disillusioned with his rule. Bombarded by [[Boreas]]' brutal blizzards, Gunnhildr's prayers reached a certain elemental spirit. Her prayers, as well as her people's cry for help, gave it the power to create a shelter for them. From there, their faith continued to grow, empowering the spirit even more.<ref name="BoG" /><ref group="Note">According to the description for [[Sacrificial Sword]], the Gunnhildr Clan also worshipped the God of Time. However, this aspect has been lost to history and is not recorded in the Biography of Gunnhildr, so it is uncertain when the practice began and ended.</ref>

After the spirit emerged victorious against Decarabian, rose to the position of Anemo [[Archon]], and took on the name Barbatos, Gunnhildr decorated him with laurels and her clan became one of the foremost clans in the new Mondstadt.

==Story==
===History===
Gunnhildr was born to the leader of her clan, which had taken refuge in Decarabian's city. However, after growing disillusioned with the archon's aloof rule, she and her clan left the city's storm walls into the raging blizzards created by Boreas. Desperate to find some respite, she prayed earnestly, and those prayers were heard by a formless wind spirit. Her faith, as well as her people's cries for help, empowered the spirit and gave it the ability to create a small shelter for them. As the clan's faith grew, it empowered the spirit further, eventually giving Gunnhildr the power to protect.

After her father's death, Gunnhildr became the new clan leader as well as its first priestess. When the spirit &mdash; now known as the "Elf" &mdash; rose the flag of rebellion against Decarabian's reign alongside the [[Nameless Bard]], [[Amos]], and the Knight,<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Amos' Bow}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land (Quest)|note=Cinematic}}</ref> Gunnhildr led her clan into battle against Decarabian. The rebels emerged victorious, and Gunnhildr crowned the spirit, now the Anemo Archon Barbatos, with laurels.

It can be assumed that Gunnhildr followed Barbatos to [[Cider Lake]], where he established the current [[City of Mondstadt]]. Little is known about the rest of her life.

===Legacy===
Some time after Gunnhildr's death, the clan's descendants adopted her name as the clan's name to honor her.

In recent history, a descendant of the Gunnhildr Clan, Eckhard Gunnhildr, compiled the stories about Gunnhildr and the clan passed down through generations into the book [[Biography of Gunnhildr]].

==Trivia==
*The name Gunnhildr is comprised of two Old Norse words, ''{{wt|gunnr||Old Norse}}''＋''{{wt|hildr||Old Norse}}'', both of which mean "battle."

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ja:グンヒルド]]
[[pt-br:Gunnhildr]]
[[ru:Гуннхильдра]]
[[uk:Ґуннхільдр]]