{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Gunnhildr Clan.png
|type         = Families
|type2        = Mondstadt Clans
}}
{{Quote|For Mondstadt, as always.|Gunnhildr Clan's motto}}
The '''Gunnhildr Clan''', also known as '''House Gunnhildr''',<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/_FOkixTeAaA Collected Miscellany: "Jean: Guiding Breeze"]</ref> is one of the prominent families in [[Mondstadt]], alongside the [[Ragnvindr Clan]], the [[Imunlaukr Clan]] and formerly, the [[Lawrence Clan]].

==History==
===During Decarabian's Rule===
The Gunnhildr Clan was formed long before its namesake, [[Gunnhildr]]. However, little is known about their history prior to her rise as clan leader; all that is known is that they took refuge from [[Boreas]]' blizzards inside [[Decarabian]]'s city, but left after growing disillusioned with the archon's rule.<ref name="Gunn Bio">{{Ref/Book|Biography of Gunnhildr}}</ref>

The Gunnhildr clan had difficulty surviving in the blizzards outside the city, and they cried out for help, which a wind spirit heard. Gaining power from the clan's faith, the wind spirit was able to give them a small shelter. When her father died, Gunnhildr took the role as leader of the clan and became the first priestess, protecting the clan with the power bestowed on her by the wind spirit. When [[Barbatos]] challenged Decarabian, Gunnhildr led her clan to fight alongside, and when he succeeded she decorated the new Anemo Archon with laurels.<ref name="Gunn Bio" />

===Early Aristocratic Period===
{{See also|Mondstadt Aristocracy}}
The oath that the ancient Mondstadt inhabitants took when Barbatos reformed the land and founded new Mondstadt features the Gunnhildr clan's saying, and was either created by Gunnhildr or at the very least that clan remembered the oath better than the other clans. Swordsmanship becoming mandatory for nobles likely originated from the Gunnhildr clan's culture of always being ready to protect Mondstadt.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Royal Longsword}}</ref>

During the time that the people of Mondstadt worshipped the gods of Anemo and Time together, the Gunnhildr clan would enact the defense of Mondstadt with prop weapons.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Sacrificial Sword}}</ref>

===Late Aristocratic Period===
The Gunnhildr clan remained a prominent clan throughout the Aristocracy, but they stayed true to their oath to protect Mondstadt and did what they could to help the people. During [[Vennessa]]'s rebellion the Gunnhildr clan sided with the people and were spared from exile unlike the rest of the Aristocracy.<ref name="Gunn Bio" />

===Present===
The Gunnhildr clan continues to keep their oath to protect Mondstadt, with many knights and clergy members coming from that clan.<ref name="Gunn Bio" />

==Known Members==
===2600 years ago===
* Gunnhildr's father
**[[Gunnhildr]] (clan's namesake)

===Unknown===
* Eckhard Gunnhildr (historian and author of [[Biography of Gunnhildr]])

===Present Day===
*[[Frederica Gunnhildr]] & [[Seamus Pegg]]
**[[Jean|Jean Gunnhildr]]
**[[Barbara|Barbara Pegg]] (born into the family, but left with her father, Seamus Pegg)

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Gunnhildr Clan
|zhs     = 古恩希尔德家族
|zhs_rm  = Gǔ'ēnxī'ěrdé Jiāzú
|zht     = 古恩希爾德家族
|zht_rm  = Gǔ'ēnxī'ěrdé Jiāzú
|zh_tl   = Gunnhildr Family
|ja      = グンヒルド家
|ja_rm   = Gunhirudo-ke<ref>{{Ref/VO|Thoma|About Jean|ja|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl   = Gunnhildr House
|ko      = 군힐드 {{tt|가문|家門}}
|ko_tl   = Gunnhildr Family
|es      = Clan Gunnhildr<!--also "Familia Gunnhildr"-->
|es_tl   = Gunnhildr Clan
|fr      = Clan Gunnhildr
|fr_tl   = Gunnhildr Clan
|ru      = Клан Гуннхильдр<!--also "семья Гуннхильдр"-->
|ru_tl   = Gunnhildr Clan
|th      = ตระกูล Gunnhildr
|th_rm   = Trakun Gunnhildr
|th_tl   = Gunnhildr Family
|vi      = {{tt|Gia Tộc|家族}} Gunnhildr<!-- also "Nhà Gunnhildr"-->
|vi_tl   = Gunnhildr House
|de      = Gunnhildr-Klan<!--also "Gunnhildr-Familie"/"Familie Gunnhildr"-->
|de_tl   = Gunnhildr Clan
|id      = Klan Gunnhildr<!--also "Keluarga Gunnhildr"-->
|id_tl   = Gunnhildr Clan
|pt      = Clã Gunnhildr<!--also "Família Gunnhildr"-->
|pt_tl   = Gunnhildr Clan
|tr      = Gunnhildr Klanı
|tr_tl   = Gunnhildr Clan
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[de:Gunnhildr-Klan]]
[[es:Clan Gunnhildr]]
[[fr:Clan Gunnhildr]]
[[ja:グンヒルド家]]
[[pt-br:Clã Gunnhildr]]
[[th:ตระกูล Gunnhildr]]
[[tr:Gunnhildr Klanı]]