{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Of Fading Flowers and Falling Feathers Act III.png
|type           = Story
|group          = Tribal Chronicles
|chapter        = Of Fading Flowers and Falling Feathers
|actNum         = III
|character      = Chasca
|ARReq          = 40
|archonQuestReq = [[Chapter V]]: Act IV - [[The Rainbow Destined to Burn]]
}}
'''''Guns and Wings''''' is the third act of the [[Tribal Chronicles]] [[Of Fading Flowers and Falling Feathers]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40, and have completed the {{Quest|The Rainbow Destined to Burn}}.

==Quests==
# [[Tracks Through the Wilderness]]
# [[Mortal Pursuit]]
# [[Time for the Showdown]]

==Summary==
;Tracks Through the Wilderness

Returning to the trial site once more, the applicants are now using the Phlogiston Wings, a phlogiston-powered jetpack operated by a handheld trackball. Coyllur and Zhunan are excited to use the wings, though Mukki is less accepting of them as while she enjoys the experience, she felt as if they were cheating on the exam. Chasca ultimately decides that the exam standards should be altered for applicants using the wings, much to Coyllur and Zhunan's disdain, explaining that they have to see how they work in the long-term. Allpa agrees with her logic, but tells Chasca that it would take too long to put into practice, as they had lost many people in the invasion. Suddenly, Warmi comes and informs the group that the qucusaur is back again.

The qucusaur attacks the merchants just as Chasca arrives, prompting an intense standoff between the two. Chasca suddenly realizes that the qucusaur in question is none other than her "sister," [[Coya]], who lets out a loud shriek before flying off. Chasca explains to the Traveler her past with Coya, and their falling apart when her "mom" decided to return her to human society. As they return the injured to the tribe, they witness an argument questioning the purpose of the qucusaurs now that the Phlogiston Wings exist. To help de-escalate the situation, [[Mutota]] and Allpa suggest that they restore peace to the tribe. Chasca decides to investigate why Coya was attacking humans, and that they should look for a third party in the matter; her "mom."

Arriving to her mom's nest, Chasca calls her out and reveals that her name is [[Chimpu]]. Chasca explains the situation to Chimpu, who tells her that Coya hadn't visited her in some time. Chasca asks if they could take them to her nest, as she's worried that the next time a conflict happens, she wouldn't be there to save her. Chimpu agrees to bring them to Coya's nest.

They arrive at Coya's nest, located at the outskirts of [[Ochkanatlan]]. The humans hide, as Chasca believes that their unannounced presence would only make matters worse. Coya arrives sometime afterwards, and Chimpu asks her what's wrong. Coya states that humans had taken her child in the middle of night. Suddenly, the two are ensnared by Isodore and his merchants, prompting Chasca and the Traveler to intervene. During the fight, Isodore's wings malfunction, and with no choice, Chasca throws the trackball into the ocean, resulting in a large explosion. The two then interrogate him, who reveals that he was hired by a man named "[[Tepal]]" to catch qucusaurs. They rarely met the man, handling their dealings with his lackeys instead. Isodore believes that Tepal wanted the qucusaurs alive as the trackball was made with phlogiston drawn from them, much to Coya's shock. 

Allpa then arrives, having heard the explosion while on patrol and is filled in on the situation. Chasca suggests bringing the three to the tribe for judgement, but Allpa disapproves, believing that it would only make matters worse and asks to put them in her custody instead. Chasca asks about Tepal, and Allpa explains that he was from the Children of Echoes and wished to join the riders. However, he ultimately failed and gave up, returning to the tribe in dejected. The only way they could resolve the conflict is if they could catch Tepal, and the group leaves. Coya is left with silence, though Chimpu can sense her daughter's desire to help Chasca and encourages her to do what's right.
----

;Mortal Pursuit

As the group looks for leads on Tepal, Paimon asks how they would be able to get information on him. Chasca manages to rouse a napping [[Xilonen]] and they ask her about Tepal, filling her in on the events. Xilonen is surprised that Tepal managed to manufacture the wings, though not much knew about him in the tribe as he and his parents often lived in a remote area. However, she does know a relative and asks them to meet her at her workshop.

At the workshop, Xilonen brings in [[Puma]], who reveals that Tepal was not her son and had disowned him in every way. Not wanting to talk about him any longer, she gives them [[Tepal's Tattered Notes]] and leaves. Looking through the notes, they discover that Tepal's workshop was powered by a relic from Ochkanatlan and the Traveler recognizes it as the balloon they saw near the trial site. Chasca wonders if it was malfunctioning given that it was possible it was up even higher. Paimon asks if she could get up there, and Chasca states that she probably could, but not with a passenger. Unsure of how to get up there, they return to the tribe and inform Mutota of the new development, who is exasperated that [[Och-Kan]] continues to sow discord in Natlan. Mutota then realizes that there was a chance to reach the workshop if they sealed off all the vents in the trial area except the one at the very top. Returning to the trial site, they discover that Coya had followed them. They seal off the lower vents, resulting in pressure accumulating to the top. The pressurized phlogiston catapults them into Tepal's workshop.
----

;Time for the Showdown

The group discovers captive qucusaurs and frees as many as they could, while others were drained of phlogiston and would need to be rescued later. While exploring the workshop, they come across more of Tepal's notes, though they quickly note that the journal entries were intentionally disorganized. As they venture further into the workshop, they find a note from Puma, discerning that Tepal himself had died long ago and the true mastermind was using his name as a front. The mastermind is soon revealed to be Allpa, who became angered at the qucusaurs upon learning of her son's death and believed that only humans could shape Natlan's future. Allpa pledges to use unruly qucusaurs for future production, but Chasca opposes the idea, so Allpa reveals an extraction cage with Chime in it. She threatens to harm the chick unless they drop their weapons and enter the cages, where she would lock them and come back after she and her lackeys overthrew Mutota. 

Coya expresses worry to Chime about acting unmotherly, but Chime tells her to do it anyways. Coya rams Allpa, causing her to drop the relic and making it unstable. Chasca tries to throw it, but realizes that it's much stronger than she expected. Chasca comes up with a plan and tells Coya to act like in old times, but Allpa shoves her, believing that the tribe's safety could not be entrusted to a wild beast. As she flies off with the relic, the two knock it out of her hands and Chasca throws the relic. The relic explodes, and Coya shields Chasca from the blast, though this causes her to collapse upon landing. Allpa concedes defeat, and back at the tribe, Coya is checked on by Cusco. Cusco states that Coya was fine; her old injuries, coupled with an outburst of energy caused her to collapse. Cusco tells her that his wife had wrote from the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] scolding him for his inaction and that she'd have come in person if she wasn't so busy. As Coya recuperates, Chasca leaves, though Cusco thanks Coya for being with her.

The Traveler and Paimon arrive, and Mutota thanks them for their efforts in saving the tribe. He is upset that they didn't catch onto Allpa's plot sooner, as many qucusaurs had been hurt by her plans. They also disassembled the workshop, repurposing a small and safe part of it into a jail for Allpa and her lackeys. Cusco states that there is one more conflict left and has Chasca talk with Coya. To her surprise, Chasca discovers that Coya had forgiven her when she had started a family of her own.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|type=Act}}
<!--
==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=Guns and Wings|requirements=1}}
--><!--
==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Guns and Wings
|zhs      = 枪与翼
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 槍與翼
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 槍と翼
|ja_rm    = Hoko to Tsubasa
|ja_tl    = Weapons and Wings
|ko       = 총과 날개
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Pistolas y alas
|es_tl    = Pistols and Wings
|fr       = Fusils et ailes
|fr_tl    = Rifles and Wings
|ru       = Оружие и крылья
|ru_tl    = Weaponry and Wings
|th       = หอกและปีก
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Súng Và Cánh
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Speere und Flügel
|de_tl    = Spears and Wings
|id       = Tombak dan Sayap
|id_tl    = Spears and Wings
|pt       = Armas e Asas
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Silahlar ve Kanatlar
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Ali e pistole
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}