{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Guthred.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Died during the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago
|region           = Khaenri'ah
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
|element          = Cryo

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Guthred''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|Beneath the Secret Source}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Guthred is a former soldier of [[Khaenri'ah]] who served under [[Capitano]] during the [[cataclysm]] as his trusted second-in-command; he was also a respected military doctor. Though he shared much different views of justice compared to his commander, Capitano tolerated them; [[Mavuika]] believed that it made them the perfect partners. During the [[cataclysm]], he invented the [[Draught of Lucidity]], a treatment for people suffering from severe abyssal contamination. Wanting to make it available for use as fast as possible, he tested it on himself. While the Draught was ultimately a successful treatment (at the cost of chronic migraines for the rest of their life), Guthred ultimately succumbed from the experiments, though his soul persisted due to Capitano's modified heart and watched him from afar. He was upset that Capitano refused to resort to dishonorable tactics, believing that it cost him victory at the most critical moments.

Guthred's role in Natlan would make him revered by the Natlanese, who would remember his sacrifice as a famous tribal legend.

500 years after the cataclysm, Guthred's soul would temporarily manifest when [[Ororon]] activated the Source Mechanism in order to rewrite Natlan's [[Ley Line]]s. Rather than doing so, it awakened the [[Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night]], who let out a piercing cry that shook Ororon due to his damaged soul. Guthred, in possession of Ororon's body, attempted to attack [[Xilonen]], but was stopped by Capitano, who realized that something had possessed Ororon. While Guthred did not reveal his name to Capitano, he addressed him as Commander, causing Capitano to realize who he was. Guthred expressed his disappointment in Capitano for refusing to win at any cost, telling him that he had returned in order to achieve his goals. Capitano refused to allow an ally to die, despite Guthred's insistence that Ororon was a doomed man from the start.

Inside his mind, Guthred attempted to torment Ororon into believing that his life was worthless, but Ororon eventually realized that his life had meaning and did not want to die without achieving nothing. He managed to regain control of his body, expelling Guthred in the process.

After the abyssal invasion, Capitano would use some of Guthred's treatments to help cure warriors who had been traumatized by the invasion, believing that if Guthred was still around, he would have been pleased to see his work helping others.

When the Traveler entered the Night Kingdom, they were assisted by the souls of various Natlanese to repel the Abyss. Upon reaching a [[Tenebrous Mimesis - Secret Source Automaton: Hunter-Seeker|powerful mimesis]] that they, [[Bona]], [[Vichama]] and [[Mallko]] were struggling against, Guthred's soul appeared and took down the mimesis' ward, allowing the Traveler to defeat it. Bona was surprised by his appearance, since the Night Kingdom did not allow for souls outside of Natlan to enter. Guthred stated that he was more of a "story" created by the Natlanese and not the real Guthred, though he did recall some of his experiences. When Mallko expressed shock at his attempt to sacrifice someone, Guthred defended his actions, stating that a strong foe needed a strong hand. As the Ley Lines could not bring them further inside, Guthred told the Traveler to prevail not for a single nation or faction, but all of humanity.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
::{{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==

* {{Lang|{{w|Guthred}}|is=Guðrøðr}} was the second Viking king of {{W|Scandinavian York|Northumbria}} from circa 883 until his death.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Guthred
|zhs     = 古瑟雷德
|zhs_rm  = Gǔsèléidé
|zht     = 古瑟雷德
|zht_rm  = Gǔsèléidé
|ja      = グスレッド
|ja_rm   = Gusureddo
|ko      = 구스레드
|es      = Godofredo
|fr      = Guthred
|ru      = Гутфрит
|th      = Guthred
|vi      = Guthred
|de      = Guthred
|id      = Guthred
|pt      = Guthred
|tr      = Guthred
|it      = Guthred
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[es:Godofredo]]
[[vi:Guthred]]