{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!-- NPC Hadura.png -->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Executed by Anfortas 500 years ago
|region           = Khaenri'ah
|affiliation      = Schwanenritter
|title            = Sentinel of the Golden Hall
|title2           = Knight Commander

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = Klingsor
|relativeNote     = descendant

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Hadura''' was a historical figure from [[Khaenri'ah]] who lived during the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago and helped fight against the [[Abyss]]' rampage. Their title in the [[Schwanenritter]] was "Sentinel of the Golden Hall."

==Profile==
Hadura was a member of the Schwanenritter, a division led by Knight Marshal [[Anfortas]] which helped fight against the Abyssal monsters during the cataclysm and led surviving Khaenri'ahns to [[Sumeru]], traveling from the [[Girdle of the Sands]] to [[Devantaka Mountain]]. Anfortas and Hadura were the only Schwanenritter left when Hadura betrayed Anfortas and destroyed important machinery, leading to Hadura's death at Anfortas' hands.
<!--
===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Story==
As a Garrison Commander, Hadura gave orders to activate some self-defense systems to assist with evacuating Khaenri'ahn citizens to the surface.<ref>Interactable: [[Realm of Farakhkert#Soiled Orders|Soiled Orders]]</ref> As a Knight Commander, Hadura was bestowed with the epithet "Sentinel of the Golden Hall" for leading a successful operation in stalling the beasts.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Afratu's Dilemma|note=optional interactable Old Orders|quote='''Old Orders:''' ...Knight Commander Hadura, who has successfully led the operation to stall the beasts, is hereby conferred the title of "Sentinel of the Golden Hall"...}}</ref><ref group="Note">Khaenri'ahn military hierarchy is currently unknown, so it is unclear which is the higher rank between Garrison Commander and Knight Commander.</ref>

Later on, the Schwanenritter's leader, [[Anfortas]], went to execute Hadura for betraying them and causing irreversible damage to a machine; in the ensuing fight, Anfortas lost his left eye. Despite this, because Hadura was the last remaining Schwanenritter by that point, they were given a proper Knight's funeral anyways. Records related to this event were left behind in the [[Ruin Golem (Devantaka Mountain)|Ruin Golem]] at Devantaka Mountain.<ref>Interactable: [[Ruin Golem (Devantaka Mountain)#Hadura's|Mysterious Chronicle (Hadura's)]]</ref> Nagarjuna, the leader of the scholars who would become the [[Order of Skeptics]], fought alongside the "heroes of Dahri" in the rainforest;<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 2)}}</ref> Hadura may have been one such hero.

===Legacy===
[[Klingsor]] was Hadura's descendant and a member of the Order of Skeptics hundreds of years ago. However, he resented the treatment Khaenri'ahns received for Khaenri'ah's involvement in causing the cataclysm, citing Hadura's efforts in subduing the monsters. This led him to doubt the Order's origin stories and believe Nagarjuna had hidden the truth.<ref>Interactable: [[Records of Unknown Attribution#Records of Unknown Attribution (I)|Records of Unknown Attribution (I)]]</ref>

While accompanying a group of [[Sumeru Akademiya]] scholars to Khaenri'ahn ruins, he eventually embraced the power of the Abyss and became an Abyss Herald,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 1)}}</ref> causing a series of events which would eventually culminate in the {{Quest|Khvarena of Good and Evil}}.
<!-- 
==Trivia==
-->

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Hadura
|zhs     = 海杜菈
|zhs_rm  = Hǎidùlā
|zht     = 海杜菈
|zht_rm  = Hǎidùlā
|ja      = ハデュラ
|ja_rm   = Hadyura
|ko      = 하두라
|es      = Hadura
|fr      = Hadura
|ru      = Хадура
|th      = Hadura
|vi      = Hadura
|de      = Hadura
|id      = Hadura
|pt      = Hadura
|tr      = Hadura
|it      = Hadura
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}