{{Character Infobox
|region           = Liyue
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Killed by [[Beidou]] prior to the game's events
}}
{{Lang|'''Haishan'''|zh=海山|zh_rm=Hǎishān}} was a sea monster that was slain by [[Beidou]] with the help of [[The Crux]] fleet. It has been described as both a "hydra"<ref>{{Ref/CS|Beidou|Pier Laborers' Gossip}}</ref> and a "leviathan," resembling both dragon and fish at once. After slaying Haishan, Beidou received her [[Electro]] [[Vision]].<ref name="Beidou Vision">{{Ref/CS|Beidou|Vision}}</ref>

Beidou's feat has become legendary among the citizens of [[Liyue]], and even impressed the adeptus [[Xiao]].<ref>{{Ref/VO|Xiao|About Beidou}}</ref> [[Tea Master Liu Su]] also recounts the tale through [[The Wrath of Haishan]] in the {{Quest|Cliffhanger}}.

==History==
Haishan's age and origin is unknown, but it lived in [[Teyvat]]'s oceans. It was said that all merchants and traders who sailed the ocean were bound to encounter Haishan at some point. As a child, Beidou loved hearing tales of sea monsters, and had dreamed of defeating Haishan ever since she was nine years old.<ref name="Beidou Vision" />

After Beidou became captain of [[The Crux]], she would run into Haishan many times, but never succeeded in killing the leviathan until one fateful day. As she and her crew sang a sea shanty about the monster to bolster themselves, the fleet attacked Haishan with cannons and harpoons. While Haishan was bound by the arrows and ropes, ensuring that it would not be able to escape easily, Beidou fought the monster with her best greatsword in hand. This battle raged fiercely for four days.<ref name="Beidou Vision" />

The sailors were disadvantaged by their limited visibility at night, so they had to remain constantly vigilant against Haishan's attacks. On the last night, Beidou stood upon her ship's prow without eating or drinking, listening for Haishan's movements. When dawn broke, she heard a change in the sound of the waves, and beheaded the monster in a single lethal strike. A bolt of lightning struck the sea right in front of Beidou, and an Electro Vision descended out of the sky to her.<ref name="Beidou Vision" />

Crewmember [[Zhang Shun]] was injured during the battle and Beidou saved his life, but it was serious enough that he chose to retire from the fleet rather than become a liability and set up shop in [[Liyue Harbor]] instead.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Zhang Shun}}</ref>

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en       = Haishan
|zhs      = 海山
|zhs_rm   = Hǎishān
|zht      = 海山
|zht_rm   = Hǎishān
<!-- |zh_tl    = Sea Mountain -->
|ja       = 海山
|ja_rm    = Kaizan<ref>{{Ref/VO|Beidou|元素爆発|ja|note=First Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ko       = {{tt|해산|海山}}
|es       = Haishan
|fr       = Haishan
|ru       = Хай Шань
|th       = Haishan
|vi       = {{tt|Hải Sơn|海山}}
|de       = Haishan
|id       = Haishan
|pt       = Haishan
|tr       = Haishan
|it       = Haishan
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[ja:海山]]
[[pt-br:Haishan]]