{{Character Infobox
|type             = Historical
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Hakushin Clan
|title            = Great Kitsune
}}
{{Lang|'''Hakushin'''|ja=白辰}} was a historical figure in [[Inazuma]] who lived far in the past. She was a [[kitsune]] and the matriarch of the [[Hakushin Clan]]. The [[Kitsune Saiguu]] and [[Yae Miko]] are among her descendants.

==Profile==
Hakushin was the matriarch and namesake of the Hakushin Clan, a prominent kitsune clan in Inazuma that dwelt around [[Mt. Yougou]]. The [[Grand Narukami Shrine]] is implied to have already existed during Hakushin's lifetime, and she managed the shrine along with her apprentices. She had six apprentices, the eldest of which was Black Fox [[Itaru]].<ref name="Chronicles">{{Ref/Book|New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune|2}}</ref>
<!--
==Story==
-->

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
*Hakushin is referenced in the title of the soundtrack "[[Hakushin's Lullaby]]."
*She is most likely inspired by the Buddhist goddess {{w|Dakini}} and her Shinto manifestation {{w|Inari Ōkami|Inari}}, a deity of agricultural fertility, whose divine messengers are foxes. Originated as a minor spirit from the demonic clan ''ḍākinī'' in the ancient Indian mythology, Dakini gradually gained prominence in Mahayana Buddhism. Finally, under the {{w|Shinbutsu-shūgō|syncretism of Shinto and Buddhism}}, she became equated with Inari, one of the most famed deities in Japan.
**In the canonical beliefs of Shinto, foxes are merely the messengers of Inari, and they themself are not involved with the fox beyond that. In folk legends, however, Inari is commonly considered to be a fox goddess, and her messengers ''byakko'' ("white foxes") are also casually called ''o-inari-sama'' (polite form of ''inari'').

===Etymology===
*One of Dakini's sacred titles in Japanese is {{Lang|Byakushin Ko'ou Bosatsu|ja=白晨狐王菩薩|ja_tl=White-Dawn Fox-Queen Bodhisattva}}.<ref>Akaza Inari Shrine. [https://www.akazainarijinja.com/grace 由緒・ご利益 (On the Origin and Blessing of the Shrine)] (in Japanese)</ref> The first two characters are sometimes written as 白辰, which is the name for Genshin's Hakushin, and ''Hakushin'' is the {{w|kan-on}} reading for both 白晨 and 白辰.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Hakushin
|zhs      = 白辰{{Sino|zh|ja}}
|zhs_rm   = Báichén
|zht      = 白辰{{Sino|zh|ja}}
|zht_rm   = Báichén
<!-- |zh_tl    = White Dawn -->
|ja       = 白辰
|ja_rm    = Hakushin
<!-- |ja_tl    = White Dawn -->
|ja_note  = The character {{Lang|mini=1|ja=辰}} typically means "dragon" (in the Chinese zodiac) or "celestial body." However, in this case, it is used as an alternative form of {{Lang|mini=1|ja=晨}} ("dawn" or "morning"). See the [[#Etymology|Etymology section]].
|ko       = {{tt|백진|白辰}}<ref name="Chronicles" /> / 하쿠신<ref name="Hakushin Ring">{{Ref/Weapon|Hakushin Ring}}</ref>
|ko_rm    = Baekjin / Hakusin{{Sino|ko|ja}}
<!-- |ko_tl    = White Dawn -->
|es       = Hakushin
|fr       = Hakushin
|ru       = Белый дракон<ref name="Chronicles" /> / Хакусин<ref name="Hakushin Ring" />
<!-- |ru_tl    = White Dragon / Hakushin -->
|th       = Hakushin
|vi       = {{tt|Bạch Thần|白辰}}{{Sino|vi|ja}}
<!-- |vi_tl    = White Dawn -->
|de       = Hakushin
|id       = Hakushin
|pt       = Hakushin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Hakushin]]
[[pt-br:Hakushin]]