{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Item Ioroi's Ward.png
|caption      = The Hakushin symbol on [[Ioroi's Ward]]<ref name="Tanuki-Bayashi">{{Ref/Quest|Tanuki-Bayashi in the Forest}}</ref>
|type         = Families
|type2        = Inazuma Clans
}}
The {{Lang|'''Hakushin Clan'''|ja=白辰一族|ja_rm=Hakushin Ichizoku|ja_lit=White Dawn Family<!--<ref group="Note" name="shin" />-->}} is a prominent [[kitsune]] clan in [[Inazuma]] that managed the shrines around [[Mt. Yougou]]. It takes its name after its matriarch, [[Hakushin]].

==History==
Little is currently known about the Hakushin Clan, but they were evidently very influential in Inazuma. The [[Kitsune Saiguu]], a descendant of the clan matriarch [[Hakushin]], was worshipped as a kitsune goddess. [[Yae Miko]] is also said to be related to the Hakushin Clan by blood.<ref name="NCotSK5">{{Ref/Book|New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune|5}}</ref> Hakushin had six apprentices, one of which was "Black Fox" [[Itaru]]. However, it is unclear whether her apprentices were tied to the clan by blood.

The Hakushin Lands are located at the base of [[Mt. Yougou]]. After the Kitsune Saiguu's death, the shrine and the surrounding area were left abandoned.<ref name="NCotSK6">{{Ref/Book|New Chronicles of the Six Kitsune|6}}</ref> Many years after the [[cataclysm]] which claimed her life, [[Kamuna Harunosuke]] and [[Hanachirusato]] briefly returned to the area to perform a [[Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual]]. In the present, Yae Miko and the shrine maidens of the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Faction)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] were making preparations to hold a Sacred Sakura Cleansing Ritual when the [[Traveler]] appeared, and Yae Miko instead left the completion of the ritual to them.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Sacrificial Offering}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/NPC|Inagi Hotomi}}</ref> Miko also takes the Traveler to the area for her Anti-Raiden Shogun Training program.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Servant's Path}}</ref>

[[Ioroi]] mentions that the comb he stole from the Sky Kitsune Statue in [[Chinju Forest]] contains the Hakushin symbol.<ref name="Tanuki-Bayashi" />

==Known Members==
===Unknown Time Period===
*[[Hakushin]]

===500 Years Ago===
*The [[Kitsune Saiguu]]

===Present Day===
*[[Yae Miko]]

==Trivia==
*The clan is most likely a reference to Japanese divine fox spirits called {{Lang|''byakko''|ja=白狐|ja_tl=white foxes}}. They are believed to be the messengers of the Buddhist goddess {{w|Dakini}} (also called the ''Byakushin-Ko'ou'' or ''Hakushin-Ko'ou'') and her Shinto manifestation {{w|Inari Ōkami|Inari Oomikami}}.
**Considering the above etymology, [[Byakko Plain]] is probably named after the Hakushin Clan.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Hakushin Clan
|zhs      = 白辰一族
|zhs_rm   = Báichén Yīzú
|zht      = 白辰一族
|zht_rm   = Báichén Yīzú
|zh_tl    = White Dawn Family{{Sino|zh|ja}}
|ja       = 白辰一族
|ja_rm    = Hakushin Ichizoku
|ja_tl    = White Dawn Family
|ja_note  = The Han character {{ja|辰}} means "(zodiac) dragon" or "celestial body." In this case, however, it is used as an alternative form of {{ja|晨|tl=dawn" or "morning.}} See the [[#Trivia|Trivia section]] for details.
|ko       = 하쿠신<->{{tt|인|人}}
|ko_tl    = Hakushin People
|es       = Clan Hakushin
|es_tl    = Hakushin Clan
|fr       = Clan Hakushin
|fr_tl    = Hakushin Clan
|ru       = Клан Белого Дракона
|ru_tl    =
|th       = Hakushin
|vi       = {{tt|Gia Tộc|家族}} {{tt|Bạch Thần|白辰}}
|vi_tl    = <!--{{Sino|vi|part=1}}-->
|de       = Hakushin-Klan<!-- / Familie Hakushin-->
|de_tl    = Hakushin Clan<!-- / Family Hakushin-->
|id       = Klan Hakushin
|id_tl    = Hakushin Clan
|pt       = Clã Hakushin
|pt_tl    = Hakushin Clan
|tr       = Hakushin Klanı
|tr_tl    = Hakushin Clan
|it       = Clan Hakushin
|it_tl    = Hakushin Clan
}}
<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[es:Clan Hakushin]]
[[pt-br:Clã Hakushin]]