{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19040
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Yun Jin
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Song That Knows Grace
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = 
|prev          = After the Curtain Falls
|characters    = Chen the Sharp; Dongsheng; Traveler; Yun Jin
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Half a Day's Leisure''' is a quest in [[Yun Jin]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[A Song That Knows Grace]].

==Steps==
# Go to [[Chihu Rock]]
# Talk to [[Yun Jin]]
# Go to [[Chen the Sharp]]'s snack stand
# Talk to Yun Jin
# Talk to Yun Jin
#* Tell Yun Jin that her offstage personality is the cuter one. Continue with the quest to '''Ending: Brought Together by Common Interests'''.
#* Tell Yun Jin that her onstage persona is more striking. This completes the quest with '''Ending: A Souvenir Without Sentiment is of Little Worth'''.
# Take a photo of Yun Jin
# Talk to Yun Jin
# Go to [[Feiyun Slope]] to look for a suitable spot
# Wait for Yun Jin to arrive

==Gameplay Notes==
*Completing this quest by taking photos with Yun Jin grants the ''[[Memories of the Heart]]'' achievement ''[[May This Moment Be Made to Last]]''.

==Dialogue==
===Yun Jin's Offstage Break===
{{Quest Description|Yun Jin declines a great number of invitations to spend a laid-back day with you at Chihu Rock...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to Chihu Rock)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904001 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Mmmm...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904001 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I can smell the fragrance of food in the air. Yes, [[Chihu Rock]] is definitely the place to go after a performance.
:{{DIcon}} Are you taking me to [[Third-Round Knockout]]?
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904001 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Oh? So you're a regular in Chihu Rock too, huh.
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904001 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Third-Round Knockout has a great view. It's the perfect place to drink some tea and listen to a good story. It's also a favorite of one of my most faithful audience members.
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904001 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But at the same time... it's lacking a little pizzazz.
:{{DIcon}} Are you taking me to [[Wanmin Restaurant]]?
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904001 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Oh? You're a fan of Chef Mao's cooking, too?
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904001 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Wanmin Restaurant's [[Black-Back Perch Stew]] is hot, spicy, and fresh... but it's not kind on the throat, so unfortunately I can't eat much of it.
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904001 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Also, it's a bit cramped in there... I prefer open-air restaurants.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904001 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hey, have you been to {{Color|buzzword|Chen the Sharp's}} place before? His [[Grilled Tiger Fish]] is the best around.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904001 yunjin 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Third-Round Knockout and Wanmin Restaurant are both great restaurants... But when it comes to barbecue, this is the place to go.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904001 yunjin 11.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Enjoying some nice food and drink sitting by the hot coals in the cool breeze...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904001 yunjin 12.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hehe, let's go!
----
;(Talk to Chen the Sharp)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 chenthesharp 01.ogg}} '''Chen the Sharp:''' Tiger Fish... Grilled Tiger Fish, hot off the grill...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 chenthesharp 02.ogg}} '''Chen the Sharp:''' Oh, hey there! Is this a Ms. Yun which I see before me? It's been a while! What'll it be — the usual?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yes, please. I'm out with my friend today. Let's start with a plate of stir-fried meat and a handful of skewers...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' And of course, some Grilled Tiger Fish... Two please, one with just a hint of chili...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' And the other one... Uh...
:{{DIcon}} Just however it's normally seasoned.
:{{DIcon}} Extra chili, please.
:{{DIcon}} Same as yours.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 chenthesharp 03.ogg}} '''Chen the Sharp:''' Got it. Your Grilled Tiger Fish will be ready soon.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 chenthesharp 04.ogg}} '''Chen the Sharp:''' Do you want any drinks with that?
:{{DIcon}} You serve drinks here?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 chenthesharp 05.ogg}} '''Chen the Sharp:''' Yeah, I don't advertise it though, because it's just something I'm experimenting around with for fun.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 chenthesharp 06.ogg}} '''Chen the Sharp:''' Ms. Yun likes a drink with her barbecue, so I ended up getting her to try them out for me.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 chenthesharp 07.ogg}} '''Chen the Sharp:''' So, would you two like some tea, or...?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm... anything new?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 chenthesharp 08.ogg}} '''Chen the Sharp:''' Well, I managed to scrounge some milk from [[Dongsheng]] next door...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 chenthesharp 09.ogg}} '''Chen the Sharp:''' A merchant from [[Mondstadt]] told me a while back that there's this popular drink doing the rounds there, called, uh... milk tea?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 chenthesharp 10.ogg}} '''Chen the Sharp:''' I tried my hand at making it too, but the response has been, uh... kinda lukewarm. It's still way off being ready to add to my menu...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Tea with milk...? Sorry — milk tea? It might not be the best thing for my throat, but... If I'm just having a little taste, I mean... I think it should be fine?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Oh, but what about you, (Traveler)? Anything you want to drink?
:{{DIcon}} Milk tea.
:{{DIcon}} Milk.
:{{DIcon}} Tea.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Okay, let's get yours in first, and then... Um...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I'll have one of each, if that's alright. I'd like to try them all.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 chenthesharp 11.ogg}} '''Chen the Sharp:''' Okey-dokey. And here's your Tiger Fish, fresh off the grill!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Come on, let's enjoy it while it's still hot. Piping hot barbecue and a nice cool drink is the best sensation.

:'''''You have some barbeque with Yun Jin...'''''

:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Mmmm... That was great.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 11.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Shame about these drinks though... I only had a little sip of each one, so there's a lot leftover...
:{{DIcon}} What do you want to do with the rest?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 12.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Well... I mean, I could just drink them. But they're a little bland for me, nothing that special.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 13.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I guess he must have toned down the flavors to make them palatable for a wider range of customers. We could just... add some flavor back in...?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 14.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Oh, I got it — have you ever heard of the Hot Pot Game?
:{{DIcon}} Surely not...
:{{DIcon}} No way...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 15.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Let's play the [[Hot Pot Game|hot pot game]] with the leftover drinks!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 16.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I'll add some {{Color|buzzword|extra ingredients}} based on my tastes, then you try to guess what I added. Sound good?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 17.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Don't worry, after mixing in the new ingredients, I'll also drink half. So I won't add any weird stuff.
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure this is how the hot pot game is played...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904002 yunjin 18.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Ah, we don't need to worry about every last detail. C'mon, I'll go grab some ingredients from the shop next door. Once you've psyched yourself up, come and join me.
----
;(Talk to Yun Jin)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904003 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Okay. Get ready... Oh, and no peeking.
:{{DIcon}} (Avoid her gaze.)
:{{DIcon}} (Take a sneak peek.)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904003 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It's ready. Let me try it first.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904003 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' *glug-glug*... hmm. Pretty good. Your turn.
;(If you take a sneak peek)
::'''Thoughts:''' (I didn't get a good look... Do I savor it or knock it back?)
;(If you avoid her gaze)
::'''Thoughts:''' (Yun Jin seemed to react okay... Do I savor it or knock it back?)
:{{DIcon}} (Knock it back.)
:{{DIcon}} (Savor the flavor.)
;(Dialogue continues randomly to [[Half a Day's Leisure#Variation A|Variation A]], [[Half a Day's Leisure#Variation B|B]], or [[Half a Day's Leisure#Variation C|C]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Variation A====
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Taste:''' (Nothing at first, but then a tidal wave of umami with a {{Color|buzzword|whiff of the sea}}.)
:{{DIcon}} (Have another taste.)
:'''Taste:''' (There was {{Color|buzzword|something solid}} floating in the drink. It tasted {{Color|buzzword|great and refreshing}}...)
:{{DIcon}} (Really savor it.)
;(If you choose to knock it back, the dialogue starts from here)
:'''Taste:''' (The complex {{Color|buzzword|flavors}} of a rich soup hit the back of your throat.)
:{{DIcon}} How did you drink this with a straight face!?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904003 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Huh? Oh, just regular facial expression control.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904003 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Besides, it's nothing that unusual. I think it tastes okay... doesn't it?
:{{DIcon}} It's more of a soup than a drink...
:{{DIcon}} But amazingly, it actually tastes pretty good...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904003 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm-hmm. So, did you work out what ingredients I added?
:{{DIcon}} Crab Roe, Tofu, and Salt...
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' You guessed them all correctly! You seem to have a well-developed palate.
:{{DIcon}} Crab Roe, Rice, and Salt...
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Close, but not quite.
:{{DIcon}} Matsutake, Tofu, and Salt...
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Close, but not quite.
;(Dialogue continues to [[Half a Day's Leisure#On Stage and Behind the Scenes|On Stage and Behind the Scenes]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Variation B====
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Taste:''' (It has a smooth texture and a rich, {{Color|buzzword|dairy taste}}...)
:{{DIcon}} (Have another taste.)
:'''Taste:''' (It seems to hiding the distinctive flavor of some kind of {{Color|buzzword|spice}}.)
:{{DIcon}} (Really savor it.)
;(If you choose to knock it back, the dialogue starts from here)
:'''Taste:''' (A syrupy {{Color|buzzword|sweetness}} hits the back of your throat.)
:{{DIcon}} How did you drink this with a straight face!?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904003 yunjin 14.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Huh? Oh, just regular facial expression control.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904003 yunjin 15.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Besides, it's nothing that unusual. I think it tastes okay... doesn't it?
:{{DIcon}} Once you get over the surprise...
:{{DIcon}} It actually tastes pretty good...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904003 yunjin 16.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm-hmm. So, did you work out what ingredients I added?
:{{DIcon}} Mushrooms, Pepper, Sugar...
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Close, but not quite.
:{{DIcon}} Cream, Onion, Sugar...
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Close, but not quite.
:{{DIcon}} Cream, Pepper, Sugar...
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' You guessed them all correctly! You seem to have a well-developed palate.
;(Dialogue continues to [[Half a Day's Leisure#On Stage and Behind the Scenes|On Stage and Behind the Scenes]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Variation C====
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Taste:''' (You feel a kind of {{Color|buzzword|icy}} texture in your mouth.)
:{{DIcon}} (Have another taste.)
:'''Taste:''' (You can feel a {{Color|buzzword|sweet and sour}} flavor on the tip of your tongue, with a {{Color|buzzword|fruity finish}}.)
:{{DIcon}} (Really savor it.)
;(If you choose to knock it back, the dialogue starts from here)
:'''Taste:''' (It's gooey and hard to swallow. But there's something familiar about this {{Color|buzzword|viscosity}}.)
:{{DIcon}} How did you drink this with a straight face!?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904003 yunjin 22.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Huh? Oh, just regular facial expression control.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904003 yunjin 23.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Besides, it's nothing that unusual. I think it tastes okay... doesn't it?
:{{DIcon}} So am I just used to eating this stuff now...?
:{{DIcon}} Amazingly, it actually tastes pretty good...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904003 yunjin 24.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm-hmm. So, did you work out what ingredients I added?
:{{DIcon}} Mint, Sugar, Slime Condensate...
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Close, but not quite.
:{{DIcon}} Mint, Jam, Slime Condensate...
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' You guessed them all correctly! You seem to have a well-developed palate.
:{{DIcon}} Qingxin, Jam, Slime Condensate...
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Close, but not quite.
;(Dialogue continues to [[Half a Day's Leisure#On Stage and Behind the Scenes|On Stage and Behind the Scenes]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===On Stage and Behind the Scenes===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' We can try some more combinations next time, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm... I wonder what kind of new flavors I could create with some more traditional teas, like Pine Nectar or Snow Blossom?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 11.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I can't wait to try it out. I'm getting excited just thinking about it.
:{{DIcon}} I never thought this is what you would be like offstage...
:{{DIcon}} The real you and the characters you play are nothing alike...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 12.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Huh. Well, people do often say that getting deep into a character is about identifying the part of you that is similar to them and bringing that into the performance.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 13.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' So in that sense, I can't say it's incorrect to conflate an actor and the characters they play on some level.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 14.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But there are many more sides of me than the few you see on stage. So ultimately, yes, I am not the same person onstage as I am offstage.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 15.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Sometimes when I get letters from people, I can tell from the way they write that they see me as someone cold and aloof.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 16.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I can write back, but I have to be very careful about what I say. Likewise, when I get invited along to banquets and so on, I have to make sure to keep myself calm and composed the whole night...
:{{DIcon}} That's a shame. Your offstage personality is definitely the cuter one.
:;(Proceed to [[Half a Day's Leisure#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Your onstage persona is more striking. That's unavoidable.
:;(Proceed to [[Half a Day's Leisure#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} That's a shame. Your offstage personality is definitely the cuter one.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 30.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Ahem! I bought you one drink, okay? That's not a license for you to start saying weird stuff like that!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 31.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Uhh... well, never mind. You seemed like you were being sincere. I'll let it go.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 32.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' All I was trying to say is that everyone has many different sides to their personality, and if you get fixated one just one of those, there's so much you'll never discover about a person.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 33.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I mean, if we hadn't had the chance to hang out and chat like this tonight, there are things about you I might never have gotten to see...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 34.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...Like the mighty and distinguished Traveler diligently reviewing my hot-pot drinks.
:{{DIcon}} And I would've assumed you were serious all the time...
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 35.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Me, serious? Onstage, I guess. But offstage...
:{{DIcon}} And I would've assumed you were a stuffy thespian type...
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 36.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hehe... Mm, "thespian" maybe, but I don't think I'm old enough to be called "stuffy" just yet...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 37.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Just think of me as another one of your friends. Just one who happens to have a flair for the dramatic.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 38.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' So, (Traveler) — what shall we do next? Something to remember today by?
:{{DIcon}} Let's get a photo!
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 39.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Get a photo? You mean, capture this happy moment for posterity, so we can look back on it later?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 40.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Sounds great. Let's use today's {{Color|buzzword|food stand}} as a background then.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 41.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm... now how should I pose...
:;(Proceed to [[Half a Day's Leisure#Commemorative Photo|Commemorative Photo]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Commemorative Photo====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Yun Jin, optional)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904050 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm... Yes, like this. I'm ready, (Traveler).
----
;(After taking the photo)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904005 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm-hmm, it looks good. I hope whenever you look at this photo in the future, it will remind you of the good time we had today.
:{{DIcon}} So... goodbye for now?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904005 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hold on.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904005 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' How is one photo going to be enough? We'll both need one if we want something to remember each other by.
:{{DIcon}} Right. You have a point.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904005 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' You take this one, and I'll take another photo of you.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904005 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But (Traveler), could you find another location for us? I'm thinking somewhere around {{Color|buzzword|Feiyun Slope}} with a good view.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904005 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I'll join you in a moment. I have something to prepare here first.
----
{{Dialogue end}}

{{Quest Description|update|You have one round of great conversation. Yun Jin suggests taking a commemorative photo for you as well...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(At the location)
:'''''You wait a while...'''''

:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904006 yunjin 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Sorry to keep you waiting so long.
:{{DIcon}} I wasn't waiting long at all.
:{{DIcon}} What did you have to get ready?
::{{A|vo yjcop001 1904006 yunjin 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hehe, you'll see.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904006 yunjin 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' The view here is great. The lights, the buildings... It's the ideal spot. I can see you chose it carefully.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904006 yunjin 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm... Yes, this angle is perfect.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904006 yunjin 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Okay, (Traveler), strike a pose and close your eyes.
:{{DIcon}} Close my eyes? For a photo?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904006 yunjin 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yes please. Quickly now.

:'''''You close your eyes...'''''

:'''Listen:''' (You hear a series of creaking sounds, like a wooden stand being unfolded and landing on the ground.)
:'''Listen:''' (Then you hear some light footsteps, followed by Yun Jin's voice right by your ear.)
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904006 yunjin 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Get ready...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904006 yunjin 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Three, two, one...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904006 yunjin 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Open your eyes.
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: Brought Together by Common Interests====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name = Brought Together by Common Interests
|character   = Yun Jin
|act = 1
|description = A photo together, for memory's sake.
}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} Your onstage persona is more striking. That's unavoidable.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 17.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...You think so? So you prefer the way I am onstage, too?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 18.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It's fair enough. After all, every detail of my onstage presence, from the songs to the costumes and makeup, is carefully crafted for maximum appeal...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 19.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' And I've worked hard to try and cultivate an image that appeals to everyone, regardless of age or gender.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 20.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But if I can't lighten up and joke around even with my closest friends when I'm offstage... that's a real bummer.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 21.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...Never mind. Talking about this is just gonna kill the mood.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 22.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Tonight was about me showing my gratitude to you, (Traveler). So did you have a good time? Is there anything else you want?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 23.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Like... something to remember the evening by? A souvenir, perhaps? Anything you can think of?
:{{DIcon}} ...An autographed photo of you?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 24.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 25.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ... *sigh*
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 26.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Okay. Here you go.
:{{DIcon}} You had one prepared already?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 27.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Well, people ask me for autographs all the time. Usually, what they want is a signed picture of me onstage. Apparently, that makes it more valuable...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 28.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yunning suggested that I keep a bunch of them on hand at all times to make things easier.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 dongsheng 01.ogg}} '''Dongsheng:''' Ah, yes, that one is a picture from "[[The Divine Damsel of Devastation]]."
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 dongsheng 02.ogg}} '''Dongsheng:''' Hehe, I have one just like it on my wall at home.
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 chenthesharp 01.ogg}} '''Chen the Sharp:''' Hey, are you guys talking about Ms. Yun's autographed photos?
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 chenthesharp 02.ogg}} '''Chen the Sharp:''' Haha, I have one in the store, too.
:{{DIcon}} So everyone has one...
:{{A|vo yjcop001 1904004 yunjin 29.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Well, what do you think? Is this souvenir valuable enough for you?
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: A Souvenir Without Sentiment is of Little Worth====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name = A Souvenir Without Sentiment is of Little Worth
|character   = Yun Jin
|act = 1
|description = The thing really worth remembering is perhaps not some autographed picture...
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Half a Day's Leisure
|zhs     = 台下半日闲
|zhs_rm  = Tái Xiàbàn Rì Xián
|zht     = 臺下半日閒
|zht_rm  = Tái Xiàbàn Rì Xián
|zh_tl   = Second Half of The Day's Leisure
|ja      = 舞台裏のいとま
|ja_rm   = Butaiura no Itoma
|ja_tl   = Backstage Spare Time
|ko      = 무대 아래 반나절의 여가
|ko_rm   = Mudae Arae Bannajeol-ui Yeoga
|ko_tl   = Half a Day's Leisure Bottom of Stage
|es      = Medio día fuera del escenario
|es_tl   = Half a Day Outside of the Stage
|fr      = Un repos d'une demi-journée
|fr_tl   = Half a Day's Rest
|ru      = Полдня отдыха
|ru_tl   = Half a Day of Leisure
|th      = ครึ่งวันที่แสนสบาย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Buổi Hẹn Dưới Sân Khấu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ein halber Tag Freizeit
|de_tl   = Half A Day Freetime
|id      = Bersantai Setengah Hari
|id_tl   = Half a Day's Leisure
|pt      = Meio Dia de Diversão
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yarım Günlük Tatil
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Mezza giornata di svago
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}