{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Halfdan.png
|region           = Liyue
|region2          = Khaenri'ah
|affiliation      = Eclipse Dynasty
|deceased         = Died in [[The Black Serpent Knights' Glory]]
|voiceEN          = [https://www.andrelucmartinez.com/ André Luc Martinez]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/AndreLucMartinz/status/1511854640844795907 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceJP          = [http://amuleto.jp/talents/tabuchishohei.html Tabuchi Shohei ({{ja|田渕将平}})]<ref name="metroid3881">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/metroid3881 JP VA's Bio]</ref>
}}
'''Halfdan''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in [[Chapter II]], Act IV: [[Requiem of the Echoing Depths]].

==Profile==
Halfdan was one of the elites in the [[Khaenri'ah]]'s Royal Guards. During the [[Cataclysm]], [[Dainsleif]] as the "Twilight Sword" ordered him to protect the people of Khaenri'ah at all costs. Halfdan survived, but as with many inhabitants of Khaenri'ah, was affected by an unknown curse and transformed into a [[Black Serpent Knight: Windcutter]].

Even as a Shadowy Husk, Halfdan remembered Dainsleif's orders and protected dying [[hilichurls]] who were entering [[The Chasm/Underground Mines|underground areas]] of the Chasm, protecting them as they were former Khaenri'ah inhabitants. Halfdan would eventually run into Dainsleif, the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] during their investigation as they believed that the [[Abyss Order]] were planning something nefarious. After defeating some Shadowy Husks guarding the hilichurls, more arrived, but Halfdan ordered them to stand down and showed the trio around, indicating them to follow him along a path.

The Abyss Order intended to remove the curse through an amplification device on the water pool found in the ruins, but the process was unlikely to succeed and wreaked suffering upon the former Khaenri'ah inhabitants. Despite the pain, Halfdan stopped the device at the cost of his own life, after which he re-appeared before Dainsleif as a spirit. Dainsleif reassured him with a lie that Khaenri'ah still stood, allowing him to pass on peacefully.

===Personality===
Halfdan was loyal and protective, sacrificing his life for the people of Khaenri'ah as part of the Royal Guards. Even as a Shadowy Husk, Halfdan still retained his memory of being Dainsleif's subordinate and demonstrated immense spiritual strength and willpower, being able to stop the Abyss Order's amplification device despite Dainsleif believing that he would have been incinerated on contact.

===Appearance===
As one of the elite Royal Guards of Khaenri'ah, Halfdan wore a desaturated purple shirt with a white epaulette on his shoulders featuring a pinned eight-pointed black star in the middle and black pants.

As a cursed inhabitant of Khaenri'ah, Halfdan shares the same appearance as with all other Windcutter knights.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
* {{w|Halfdan (name)|Halfdan}} is an Old Norse given name, and the namesake of a few Norse mythological figures.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Halfdan
|zhs     = 哈夫丹
|zhs_rm  = Hāfūdān
|zht     = 哈夫丹
|zht_rm  = Hāfūdān
|ja      = ハールヴダン
|ja_rm   = Haaruvudan
|ko      = 할프단
|ko_rm   = Halpeudan
|es      = Halfdan
|fr      = Halfdan
|ru      = Хальфдан
|th      = Halfdan
|vi      = Halfdan
|de      = Halfdan
|id      = Halfdan
|pt      = Halfdan
|tr      = Halfdan
|it      = Halfdan
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[de:Halfdan]]
[[es:Halfdan]]
[[th:Halfdan]]