{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41342
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[City of Chores]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)|100}}
|characters    = Hammer Li; Siyu; Traveler; Wrench Wang
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
}}
'''Hammer and Wrench''' is the second request in Part I of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Siyu]]
# Give a [[Siyu's Xiao Lantern|Xiao Lantern]] to [[Wrench Wang]]
# Talk to [[Hammer Li]]
# Talk to Wrench Wang
# Find 2 Wooden [[Plank]]s
# Report back to Wrench Wang
# Check the inventory (0/3)
# Talk to Wrench Wang
# Talk to Hammer Li
# (''Missing step on crafting a [[Xiao Lantern]] to give to Hammer Li when the player does not have one'')
# Talk to Hammer Li

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Wrench Wang]] from [[Liyue Harbor]] seems to be looking for help with some matters...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Siyu)
:'''Siyu:''' I suppose I should give him a Xiao Lantern after all.
:{{DIcon}} Give who a Xiao Lantern?
:'''Siyu:''' Oh, Traveler, it's you. Well, "The Wrench" has always taken good care of me. Even now, he helps me out all the time &mdash; he's almost like a real brother to me.
:'''Siyu:''' This is supposed to be a festival, and yet he's still working non-stop...
:'''Siyu:''' So, I'd like to give him a Xiao Lantern as a gift. Hehe, we were childhood playmates, and he absolutely loved the sight of the lanterns when he was little.
:'''Siyu:''' I'm sure he'd love to get one now. Traveler, could you help me deliver this Xiao Lantern to him?
:{{DIcon}} Don't you want to give it to him yourself?
:{{DIcon}} It might mean more coming from you...
:'''Siyu:''' I'd love to, but I've still got so many things to take care of at home...
:'''Siyu:''' I've left my husband to do all the housework while I've been out shopping. I should get back to help him out as soon as I can.
:'''Siyu:''' So I'm leaving the matter of the Xiao Lantern to you. Once we've got some time, my husband and I will go see "The Wrench" together.
:'''Siyu:''' I do hope that he'll manage to get a little more free time...
:;(Obtain [[Siyu's Xiao Lantern]] ×1)

;(Talk to Siyu again)
:'''Siyu:''' I do hope that "The Wrench" will like this Xiao Lantern...
----
;(Talk to Wrench Wang)
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Hmm? Do you have some business with me, Traveler? I'm quite busy at the moment.
:{{DIcon}} Here's a Xiao Lantern from Siyu...
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Siyu? She... she got me a Xiao Lantern? L&mdash;Let me see!
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Hahaha, she wrote this wish for me, didn't she? Yep, that was my greatest wish as a kid...
:'''Wrench Wang:''' So many years have passed in the blink of an eye. Time truly flies...
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Still, how come she asked you to deliver it to me?
:{{DIcon}} She has things to attend to at home...
:{{DIcon}} She needs to return home to help her husband...
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Ah, is that so... Good, good. Yes. Very good.
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Sounds like she's got a good life now. That's all that matters... Haha... Heh.
:'''Wrench Wang:''' It's a good thing. It's very good... I'm sorry, I've still got a lot of work to do. If you'll please excuse me...
;(Wrench Wang leaves)
----
;(Idle quote)
:'''Hammer Li:''' Traveler, a moment, if you will.
;(Talk to Hammer Li)
:'''Hammer Li:''' That Xiao Lantern was from Siyu, wasn't it?
:{{DIcon}} You overheard us?
:{{DIcon}} How did you know?
:'''Hammer Li:''' Hah, I just know him well enough. There was no need to even guess.
:'''Hammer Li:''' He did exactly the same thing last year. Went off for a walk, then came right back and proceeded to hammer nails into a ship's hull the whole night through.
:'''Hammer Li:''' I know why he does this, but still... *sigh*
:'''Hammer Li:''' Traveler, could you please go help him out? Tormenting oneself is no way to spend a festival...
:{{DIcon}} I'll do it...
:'''Hammer Li:''' *sigh* Sorry for troubling you.
:'''Hammer Li:''' I bet he's onboard a ship right now, working away... Best you go find him quick.
:'''Hammer Li:''' I'll be preparing some food in a bit. Come back here once you're done and we'll eat together.

;(Talk to Hammer Li again)
:'''Hammer Li:''' *sigh* Why does he choose to suffer like this...
----
;(Talk to Wrench Wang)
:'''Wrench Wang:''' We've dallied so long, I'm sure we've fallen behind on work. Best we put our backs into it.
:{{DIcon}} Y&mdash;You sure you're alright?
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Hey! What are you trying to say? I'm fine! Why wouldn't I be?
:'''Wrench Wang:''' I should get back to work now. Once I've finished... *sigh* Well, I'll see.
:{{DIcon}} Allow me to help.
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Hmm? ...Well, if you really want to, you can bring me some wooden planks.
----
;(Talk to Wrench Wang after obtaining two [[Plank]]s)
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Have you brought the planks?
:;(Give the Planks)
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Mm, these should do the trick. Many thanks.
:'''Wrench Wang:''' There's still a few loose ends to tie up. Could I trouble you to go to the dock and take inventory of some newly arrived goods?
:'''Wrench Wang:''' There should be a total of three crates piled up at the dock.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:'''Wrench Wang:''' You're a big help. In the meantime, I need to get a move on and finish up everything here...
----
;(Talk to Wrench Wang after taking inventory)
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Have you tallied the numbers up?
:{{DIcon}} All done.
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Thank you very much!
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Well then! That's today's urgent work dealt with.
:{{DIcon}} Hammer Li says he's got some food prepped for you.
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Huh? Does he, now? ...That guy worries too much.
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Well, whatever. Since he's already gone to the trouble of making it, let's go and join him.
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Besides, you helped me out a lot too, so some of that should go to you as compensation.
----
;(Talk to Hammer Li)
:'''Wrench Wang:''' It's done. I hope I didn't keep you waiting.
:'''Hammer Li:''' Oh, you've finished everything?
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Aye. It was a small matter, and with this traveler helping, it was easy.
:'''Hammer Li:''' You... *sigh*
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Oh, come on. It's the festive season, no need for the long face.
:'''Hammer Li:''' Yes, sure, whatever you say. Have you prepared a Xiao Lantern yet?
:'''Wrench Wang:''' A Xiao Lantern... Ugh, I forgot! What's with my memory today...
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Ah well, never mind, eh? It's just a lantern. So what if we don't release one this time?
:'''Hammer Li:''' Hah, don't you try that with me. You're not seriously suggesting that we celebrate the Lantern Rite without a lantern, now, are you?
:'''Hammer Li:''' Traveler, could you make a lantern for my colleague?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:'''Hammer Li:''' Thank you very much. We'll be waiting for you here.
----
;(Talk to Wrench Wang or Hammer Li)
:'''Wrench Wang:''' I don't really need a Xiao Lantern, honestly, I...
:'''Hammer Li:''' Oh, come on. It's the Lantern Rite. Let's release a lantern and get some of that festive joy in you.
;(Talk to Hammer Li after obtaining a Xiao Lantern)
:'''Hammer Li:''' Did you bring the Xiao Lantern?
:{{DIcon}} Got it right here, sir.
:;(Give the Xiao Lantern)
:'''Hammer Li:''' That will do. Thank you.
:'''Wrench Wang:''' You've really done a lot, Traveler, and during the festive period, too...
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Well then, what should I wish for...
:'''Wrench Wang:''' Hmm, let's go with this: "New year, new horizons!"
:{{DIcon}} Sounds good.
:{{DIcon}} A fine wish.
:'''Wrench Wang:''' You think so? Hahaha, that's good... Ah, I do wish that it would come true...
:'''Hammer Li:''' *sigh*
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Hammer Li:''' He made the same wish last year as well...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hammer and Wrench
|zhs     = 扳手与锤子
|zhs_rm  = Bānshǒu yǔ chuízi
|zht     = 扳手與錘子
|zht_rm  = Bānshǒu yǔ chuízi
|zh_tl   = Wrench and Hammer
|ja      = 鉗と槌
|ja_rm   = Tsugu to tsuchi
|ja_tl   = Wrench and Hammer
|ko      = 스패너와 망치
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Llave inglesa y martillo
|es_tl   = Wrench and Hammer
|es_note = The Spanish term ''Llave inglesa'', which literally means "English key", refers to a wrench.
|fr      = Clé et marteau
|fr_tl   = Wrench and Hammer
|ru      = Здоровяк и Молот
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ประแจกับค้อน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cờ-lê và búa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Hammer und Schraubenschlüssel
|de_tl   = Hammer and Wrench
|id      = Hammer dan Wrench
|id_tl   = Hammer and Wrench
|pt      = Martelo e Chave Inglesa
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}