{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
|name             = Han Ce
|affiliation      = Han Family
|affiliation2     = Blackcliff Forge
|region           = Liyue
|father           = Han Wu
}}
{{Lang|'''Han Ce'''|zh=寒策|zh_rm=Hán Cè}} was a member of the [[Han Family]] who lived five hundred years ago.

He and [[Yun Huang]] are the main characters of the [[Blackcliff Series]] weapon descriptions.

==Story==
Han Ce was the son of famous weaponsmith [[Han Wu]], who was one of the creators of the [[Prototype Series]].

However, Ce had no intention of carrying the family tradition, leading to a rift between him and his father. This changed after he heard about his father's mining incident at [[The Chasm]]; Ce returned home and found Wu a changed man. After reconciling with his father, Han Ce decided to take up the family business, vowing to never let the forge's fire go out.

Some time later, mysterious earthquakes at The Chasm forced the area to be closed off. When Ce told his father about it, Wu was wracked with guilt, convinced that his mining incident had disturbed the dragon beneath the mines. Wu created [[Blackcliff Slasher]], and Ce built a shrine in the cave to house it to ward off evil.

Around the same time as the earthquakes, the [[Yun Family]], a close associate of the Hans, also suffered from its effects. With the mines closed, the family head Yun Huang struggled to maintain the family business. In order to aid her, Ce crafted the [[Blackcliff Warbow]] and presented it to her.

A man claiming to be a thaumaturge paid a visit to [[Qingce Village]] where Yun Huang dwelled, asking to meet the craftsmen known by Yun and Han. Huang called Ce over, and the man presented them with a piece of Cor Purum, saying that it was a gift from the thaumaturges for their fathers' creation of [[Prototype Amber]]. Using this piece of Cor Purum, they created the [[Blackcliff Agate]].

Several years later, when Wu passed away, the shrine housing Blackcliff Slasher emerged from the cave. Han Ce retrieved the greatsword that night, and the Tianshu of that age engraved an inscription on it.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Slasher|Lore}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Han Ce
|zhs      = 寒策
|zhs_rm   = Hán Cè
|zht      = 寒策
|zht_rm   = Hán Cè
|ja       = 寒策
|ja_rm    = Kan Saku{{Assumed}}
|ko       = {{tt|한책|寒策}}
|ko_rm    = Han Chaek
|es       = Han Tse
|fr       = Han Ce
|ru       = Хань Цэ
|th       = Han Ce
|vi       = Han Ce
|de       = Han Ce
|id       = Han Ce
|pt       = Han Ce
|tr       = 
|it       = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Han Ce]]
[[pt-br:Han Ce]]