{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Families
|type2        = Liyue Clans
}}
The '''Han Family''' was a notable family in [[Liyue]] that traces its roots back to the establishment of [[Liyue Harbor]]. Its first members were part of the [[Millelith]] and, alongside the Xing family, developed the [[Lithic Series]] weapons.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Lithic Blade|Description}}</ref>

Five hundred years ago, the Han Family still continued making weapons and had their own forge. It is currently unknown if there are any descendants in the present day, but it is likely one of their descendants owns the [[Blackcliff Forge]].

==History==
===Archon War===
When Liyue Harbor was being built, a member of the Han family and Xing family were the first two to carve swords out of stone, carving [[Lithic Blade]]s out of the same bedrock Liyue Harbor was built on.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Lithic Blade}}</ref> These weapons were then used by the ancient Millelith, of which this Han ancestor was a member.

===Post-Cataclysm===
The head of the Han family was [[Han Wu]]. When the monster threat was resolved, a martial arts renaissance began, which caused a lot of demand for weaponry that manufacturers could not keep up with. To solve the issue, [[Yun Hui]], the head of the Yun family at the time, approached Han Wu in order to revolutionize their craft. The two conducted extensive research, and Han Wu used that research to draw up the [[Prototype Series|prototype designs]].<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Rancour}}</ref> Initially this only included a [[Prototype Rancour|longsword]], a [[Prototype Archaic|greatsword]] and a [[Prototype Starglitter|polearm]]. When the polearm was made, Yun Hui dedicated it to his father because the tip glowed like a star.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Starglitter}}</ref> Yun Hui personally requested a bow be added to the prototypes, so Han Wu gathered a large variety of resources to experiment with and made a [[Prototype Crescent|bow]] for the series.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Crescent}}</ref> Some time afterward the thaumaturges came to Yun Hui asking him to make a new kind of catalyst. He agreed and alongside Han Wu used the Cor Purum they gave him to make a catalyst and named it "[[Prototype Amber]]," adding it to the prototype series.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Amber}}</ref>

However, Han Wu's son [[Han Ce]] had no intention of carrying the family tradition and became a wanderer who journeyed across Liyue, leading to a rift between him and his father. During this time, Han Wu realized the ores available to him were limiting his weapons' potential, so Han Wu used one of Yun Hui's connections to take a mining crew into the Chasm in search of more crystallized blackcliff for his designs. In his hand was a prototype of his latest weapon known as [[Blackcliff Longsword]]. However, a cave-in trapped them inside, completely cutting them off from the outside world. As his men fell to madness and despair, Wu used his prototype sword to carve their way out of the mine. When his sword hit rock, it released a deafening roar — something that none of the survivors ever spoke about. Wu came out of the incident greatly changed. Upon hearing about it, Ce hurried home and found that his fiery-tempered father had drastically mellowed, and for the first time, the two were able to reconcile.

Several years later, a crisis fell upon Liyue: the Chasm was rocked by great earthquakes, forcing it to be shut down. Upon hearing about this, Han Wu was wracked with guilt, believing that he had disturbed the dragon that lay underneath it during the cave-in. He dragged himself out of his sickbed to forge [[Blackcliff Slasher]], ordering Han Ce to build a shrine in the cave and place the sword in it to ward off evil and rebuke the dragon. The crisis also affected the Yun Family, and the current head, [[Yun Huang]], was struck with fear that the family business would end with her. Han Ce crafted the [[Blackcliff Warbow]] based on his father's design, and presented it to Yun Huang, knowing Huang specialized in archery. After testing it, she realized it was the breakthrough she had prayed for.

A few years afterwards, Han Wu passed away peacefully in his sleep. That very same day, the shrine emerged from the cave, the sword glowing as if grieving the death of its creator. Han Ce went to the shrine that night and retrieved the sword. A Tianshu of the Qixing, implied to be Han Wu's old partner Yun Hui, personally engraved an inscription upon the blade.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Slasher|Lore}}</ref> He also found his father's weapon designs for the prototypes and with them, created the [[Blackcliff Pole]] based on the mysterious [[Aerosiderite]] that felled in front of his home, which Han Ce depicted as the gift from Heaven. He decided afterwards to continue the family business.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Pole|Lore}}</ref> As the head of the family, Han Ce once again cooperated with Yun Huang to craft [[Blackcliff Agate]], just as their fathers had cooperated to craft Prototype Amber.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Agate|Lore}}</ref>

==Known Members==
===Roughly 3700 years ago===
*Unnamed Han ancestor
===Roughly 500 years ago===
*[[Han Wu]]
**[[Han Ce]]

==Trivia==
* The ''Han'' in the [[Yun-Han Opera Troupe]] is unrelated to the Han Family. It uses the character {{zh|翰|Hàn}} compared to the Han Family's {{zh|寒|Hán}}.
* While [[Hanfeng]]'s name does not separate between the family name and the given name, the ''Han'' in Hanfeng's name is the same {{zh|寒|Hán}} as the Han family. This may suppose that Hanfeng is a member of the Han family in the present day.
** [[Master Zhang]] and [[Suling]] may have been members of the Han family too.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Han Family
|zhs     = 寒氏
|zhs_rm  = Hán-shì
|ja      = 寒氏
|ja_rm   = Kan-shi{{Assumed}}
|ko      = {{tt|한|寒}} 씨
|ko_rm   = Han-ssi
|tr      = 
|it      = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Família Han]]