{{Hidden Exploration Objectives Infobox
|image      = NPC Hanayama Kaoru.png
|type       = Quest-Like<!-- Quest id: 72125;72126;72127 -->
|region     = Inazuma
|area       = Kannazuka
|loc        = [[Tatarasuna]], [[Kannazuka]]
|req        = [[Tatara Tales]]
|characters = Hanayama Kaoru;Traveler
}}
'''Hanayama Kaoru's Flowery Plan''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] that takes place in [[Tatarasuna]]. It requires the completion of the "[[Tatara Tales]]" [[World Quest]] series and is time gated over 3 in real life days (2 server resets).

==Steps==
===Day 1===
# Talk to [[Hanayama Kaoru]]
# Give Hanayama Kaoru the [[Bag of Flower Seeds]] (obtainable from [[Takashi]] with [[Mysterious Conch]]s)
# Obtain {{Item|Mora|x=20,000|20}} from the [[Chests|common chest]] that spawns

===Day 2===
# Talk to Hanayama Kaoru
# Defeat the enemies:
#* {{Enemy|Electro Whopperflower|x=2}}
# Talk to Hanayama Kaoru again
# Obtain {{Item|Mora|x=40,000|20}} from the common chest that spawns

===Day 3===
# Talk to Hanayama Kaoru
# Give Hanayama Kaoru {{Item|Sweet Flower|x=3|25}}
# Obtain the [[Sun-Dried Sweet Flower]] from Hanayama Kaoru and {{Item|Mora|x=20,000|20}} from the common chest that spawns

==Dialogue==
===Day 1===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' If only I could plant more flowers...
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Ah, hello! Nice to meet you... Excuse me, are you a returning resident, too? I'm sorry, I don't think I've seen you before...
:{{DIcon}} Returning Resident?
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Mm-hmm, the residents of Tatarasuna were evacuated to other places because of the Mikage Furnace incident.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not a resident here.
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Oh? Is that so? I thought maybe I'd found someone else like me who was willing to move back...
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' The population of Tatarasuna was evacuated to other places because of the Mikage Furnace incident.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Some time ago, I heard that everything was now alright with the Mikage Furnace and that Tatarasuna was safe, so I went to ask if I could come back.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' After I got the approval, I packed up all my things and moved back here.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Apart from me... there don't seem to be many other people willing to move back...
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' But that can't be helped.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' After all, what happened to the Mikage Furnace was very serious. Everyone's worried that it could happen again.
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you worried, too?
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Of course I am... but I'm the sort of person who gets very homesick when I'm away too long. I couldn't stop worrying about my flowers, hehe. So despite everything, I just had to come back.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Unfortunately, the flowers I planted around here before have all withered. It's a pity I can't find any more flower seeds right now...
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' This place is very suitable for planting flowers. No matter what seeds you sow, before you know it they'll bloom into a sea of blossoms.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' I've grown flowers from overseas before, too. [[Mondstadt]]'s [[Small Lamp Grass]], [[Windwheel Aster]]s and [[Dandelion Seed|Dandelions]], as well as [[Liyue]]'s [[Silk Flower]]s.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Small Lamp Grass looks really pretty at night. It needs to be planted in the shade, watered a lot, and the tips of the dead leaves need to be pruned.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' I've heard that Windwheel Asters grow well where there is wind. We get wind in Inazuma, but I doubt that it's as strong as the wind in Mondstadt... So I'll often go over and fan them with a paper fan. I'm not sure if it really helps, though.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Dandelions are the least of your worries &mdash; they basically take care of themselves... sometimes a little too well, in fact. Leave them to their own devices, and they end up growing all over the place...
:{{DIcon}} So true! Anyway, I&mdash;
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Liyue's Silk Flowers, on the other hand, now they're a lot of work. [[Onikabuto]] love to crawl inside their petals, and I have to pick them out one by one.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' I tried growing [[Qingxin]], too, but those were a complete failure. The ones that I planted either didn't grow at all, or withered quickly. Ahh... I wonder if there's a magical land somewhere in this world where flowers of every kind can grow smoothly...
:{{DIcon}} Who can say. Now, I&mdash;
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Oh, and did you know that there's a type of flower called "[[Violetgrass]]" in Liyue? It's really hard to find. I've asked a lot of people for help, but&mdash;
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Ahem...
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Ah! I'm sorry! I get like this whenever I talk about flowers, I'm really sorry!
:{{DIcon}} You're quite the flower connoisseur...
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' I'm just an amateur flower lover, really, hehehe... but I don't even have any seeds right now, so I can't grow any flowers at all...

;(Talk to Hanayama Kaoru again)
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Where oh where can I find some flower seeds...
:{{DIcon}} Are these flower seeds any use? (only if [[Bag of Flower Seeds]] is present in the inventory)
:;(Automatically removes Bag of Flower Seeds from inventory)
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Hmm...? Oh, wow! Yes, of course they are! With these seeds, I'm sure I can grow a lot of flowers!
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Uh, umm, sorry, please wait... I have to give you something in return...
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' These are for you. Thank you so much for the flower seeds! Come visit again some time in the future, and I'm sure you'll see a beautiful sea of flowers!
:;(A common chest with 20,000 Mora appears nearby)
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing here?
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' I was wondering where I could find some flower seeds, so that I can plant flowers around here again.
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' The population of this island was evacuated during the Mikage Furnace incident.
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' I moved back after I heard that everything had been resolved.
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' But all the flowers I planted around here have withered, and I can't find any seeds anywhere. What a pity... this is the perfect place for planting flowers...
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Goodbye. Sigh...where oh where can I find some flower seeds...

;(Talk to Hanayama Kaoru again after giving the Bag of Flower Seeds)
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Thank you for finding those flower seeds for me, I will sow them all right away. Before too long, this place will turn into a beautiful sea of flowers. I'm sure of it.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Day 2===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Oh no...what now...
:{{DIcon}} What happened?
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Hey...I'm so glad you're here... It's like this, after you gave me the flower seeds, I started planting flowers.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' But before I could plant much, a group of monsters suddenly appeared and kept loitering around the place where I was going to plant the flowers. I no longer dare to go over to plant them.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' If they continue to remain here, they may destroy the place where the flowers were planted...
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' If you don't mind, could you go and get rid of those monsters for me? I... I just want to plant flowers...
:{{DIcon}} I'll take care of it.
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' You said yes? Thank you so much! I'm counting on you!
:{{DIcon}} Why are you so determined on growing flowers?
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' I was thinking, the reason why people don't want to come back to Tatarasuna is because they are worried that this place is no longer suitable for living after the Mikage Furnace incident happened...
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' I can't persuade everyone one by one, but if I can plant a lot of beautiful flowers here again...
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Maybe it will be enough to convince everyone that Tatarasuna is already safe.
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' And...heh, besides planting flowers, I have no other means to convince people...
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' So please, please help me to chase away those monsters!

;(After defeating the enemies)
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Have you managed to chase away those monsters?
:{{DIcon}} I chased them all away.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Thank you, now I can continue to grow flowers...
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Oh yes, please take these, I'm sorry I don't have anything nice for you... Anyway, thanks for helping me out!
;(A common chest appears nearby)

;(Talk to Hanayama Kaoru again)
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' There are still a lot of seeds not planted... I need to work harder...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Day 3===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Hello, you're here. Do you see a lot of flowers in bloom? Aren't they pretty?
:{{DIcon}} Very pretty indeed.
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Hehe...that's for sure. I'm taking good care of them...
:{{DIcon}} How long have you been planting?
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' It's not that long, it's just... I just sleep a little less.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' By the way, can you do me a favor again? Now that the flowers are blooming so well, I was going to pick some flowers and make them into dried flowers, and send them along with letters to those who have yet to return to Tatarasuna.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' But... I don't know if it's because I had too little sleep, I just went out to pick a few flowers and I'm already so tired...
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Could you please help me pick some [[Sweet Flower]]s around here? Just three will do.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' I'll leave it up to you, then. I'm gonna take a breather...
:{{DIcon}} Sweet Flowers seem to be everywhere...
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' I just want the lovely fragrance of Sweet Flowers, other dried flowers will be included in the letter.
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' I do believe that those who read this letter, surrounded by as pleasant a scent as it is, might at least be put in a better mood.
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' I'm counting on you, then. I'll take a short break here... After you pick the flowers, please bring them to me.

;(Talk to Hanayama Kaoru again)
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Have you gathered the Sweet Flowers?
:; Give {{Item|Sweet Flower|x=3|25}}
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Thank you. These Sweet Flowers should be enough. I'll go make the dried flowers.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Oh yes, I have a small present for you.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Here, please take this dried flower. Although it is a bit withered, but it's a very valuable flower.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything special about it?
::'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Of course there's something special about it! If there weren't, I wouldn't be giving it to you.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' This is the first flower that bloomed in this sea of flowers. You helped me find the flower seeds, so I would like to give you this flower.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' Although it isn't anything very valuable, but still... thank you very much!
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure everyone will return.
:'''Hanayama Kaoru:''' That's right! And that's why I need to plant more flowers so that when everyone comes back, they can see more flowers.
;(Obtain [[Sun-Dried Sweet Flower]] ×1)
;(A common chest appears nearby)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Notes==
* Obtaining the '''Sun-Dried Sweet Flower''' will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' [[achievement]] "[[Second Blooming]]."

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = AJT7nWwc3cI
|caption1 = Full Guide
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Hidden Exploration Objective Navbox|Quest-Like}}

[[Category:Daily Quests]]