{{Book Infobox
|image       = Item Handy Handbook of Hilichurlian.png
|type        = Quest Items
|rarity      = 4
|description = A handbook of [[Hilichurlian]] written by the folklorist [[Ella Musk]], though its practical use has yet to be tested in the field.
|source1     = [[Mimi Tomo]] Event: [[Mimi Tomo (Quest)]]
}}
'''Handy Handbook of Hilichurlian''' is a quest item for the event [[Mimi Tomo]].

==Text==
Dedicated to my heir and granddaughter, [[Ella Musk|Ella]]. In [[Musk Family|our family]]'s history, she will most likely be the most eccentric but cutest Ella Musk.

This handy handbook can only offer some basic assistance in situations where you urgently need to communicate in [[Hilichurlian]] (this book is for reference only and cannot be held responsible for any consequences of its use).<br />
If you wish to learn Hilichurlian, please use a standard textbook such as my next introductory book.

Greetings, Etiquette:<br />
{{Color|buzzword|"Da/Dada"}}<br />
1. Good/Very good. 2. Casual affirmation when conversing, such as, "Ah, okay." 3. Very, completely, most.<br />
Note: "[[Dadaupa Gorge|Dada upa]]" means "very tall/large mountain."

{{Color|buzzword|"Ika ya/Ika yaya/Ya ika/Yaya ika"}}<br />
1. A bad person/Bad people!<br />
Note: If you hear hilichurls shout these words and you are confident in yourself, give them a wallop. Otherwise, run.

{{Color|buzzword|"Muhe"}}<br />
1. Like, want.<br />
Note: You will not generally hear hilichurls say that they like you, so translating this as "want" is sufficient.

Useful Phrases:<br />
{{Color|buzzword|"Gusha"}}<br />
1. Vegetables, grasses, fruits. Disliked things.<br />
Note: Aside from eating plants, "mosi gusha" can also express unhappiness.<br />
If a hilichurl says "Gusha" to you, you must use their tone of voice to determine if they want fruits, rice, or wheat, or if they are dissatisfied.

{{Color|buzzword|"Mita"}}<br />
1. Meat, delicious foods. Liked items.<br />
Note: "In movo lata mita / Mita in movo lata / Mita movo lata" refers to "meat in the water" &mdash; I believe that even you can figure that one out, little Ella.

{{Color|buzzword|"Upano"}}<br />
1. Difficult to explain, please see note.<br />
Note: This word is affixed to nouns and describes an upper direction, height, or flight. It can indicate flying insects, birds, clouds, patrolling knights, a small companion sent flying by a larger hilichurl. In short, this word is difficult to explain.

{{Color|buzzword|"Celi"}}<br />
1. Hot. Something that is hot. Fire.<br />
2. Occasionally "sun"; "Celi upa" without "upa" can also mean "sun."<br />
Note: "Celi lata" is an unusual figure of speech as it implies both cold and heat.<br />
This phrase generally refers to things that emit light but not heat.<br />
For example, "Celi lata gusha" is "[[Small Lamp Grass]],"<br />
And "Celi lata" can describe things such as fireflies, stars, or the moon.

{{Color|buzzword|"Kucha gusha/Unu gusha"}}<br />
1. Seed.<br />
Note: It may be hard to believe that I would list such a word. Hilichurls do not specifically practice farming, but they have a habit of stockpiling seeds. Sometimes when they are in a good mood, they will find a place and bury their seeds. "Kucha" means "small," and carries a slightly contemptuous connotation in Hilichurlian. "Unu" is the number "one" and is a holy word that embodies the hilichurls' concept of gods and the origin of life. Both of these terms can be used to describe a seed, which is fascinating.<br />
By the way, "Du" is two, "Unu du" is three, and "Dudu" is four. Can you guess what five is?<br />
The correct answer is "Mani," which also means "hands" or "physical labor."

{{Color|buzzword|"Sada"}}<br />
1. Solid, hard.<br />
Note: In Hilichurlian, "Upa sada" means that you are prepared to do something.

{{Color|buzzword|"Boya"}}<br />
1. Used with certain words to denote colors.<br />
Note: According to my tests, "Celi boya" is red, "Gusha boya" is green," "Lata boya" is blue, "Nini boya" is white, "Nunu boya/Sama boya" are black, and "Unu boya" is yellow.

Time and Directions:<br />
{{Color|buzzword|"Aba mosi dada"}}<br />
1. From waking until lunch.<br />
{{Color|buzzword|"Unta mosi dada"}}<br />
1. The wonderful time from lunch till just before sunset.<br />
{{Color|buzzword|"Mosi aba nunu"}}<br />
1. From after sunset until late night.<br />
{{Color|buzzword|"Unta nunu"}}<br />
1. Late night.

{{Color|buzzword|"Du ya zido dala?"}}<br />
1. Where did this thing go?<br />
Note: After some thought, I have decided to omit Hilichurlian directional words from this handbook. Hilichurls do not have absolute directions, so their directional speech is relative. However, the subject in their responses depends on their attitude towards you. If they like you, they will speak from your point if view. If not, they will use themselves as the frame of reference.<br />
The most recommended method is to obtain a map, ask them this question, and have them identify the location on the map.

==Trivia==
* The Chinese equivalent for the first sentence of the text is {{Lang|mini=1|zh=献给我终会继承「艾拉」之名的孙女|zh_tl=Dedicated to my granddaughter who will eventually inherit the name 'Ella'.}} The [[Musk Family]] seems to have a long tradition that a prominent member inherits the name El (male) or Ella (female).
* In the preview given in the English version of the [[Version 1.5]] Special Program, the note about Ella was missing.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/wgNiGj1nGYE?t=2346 Version 1.5 Special Program] (Timestamp: 39m 06s - 39m 17s)</ref>
* Ella's name in the French localization of the handbook is misspelled as "Eula Musk".

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Handy Handbook of Hilichurlian
|zhs     = 丘丘语速查手册
|zhs_rm  = Qiūqiū Yǔ Sù Chá Shǒucè
|zht     = 丘丘語速查手冊
|zht_rm  = Qiūqiū Yǔ Sù Chá Shǒucè
|zh_tl   = Hilichurlian Quick Reference Handbook
|ja      = ヒルチャール語ハンドブック
|ja_rm   = Hiruchaarugo Handobukku
|ja_tl   = Hilichurlian Handbook
|ko      = 츄츄어 핸드북
|ko_rm   = Chuchu'eo Haendeubuk
|ko_tl   = Hilichurlian Handbook
|es      = Breve diccionario de hilichurlio
|es_tl   = Brief Dictionary of Hilichurlian
|fr      = Manuel pratique du Brutocollinus
|fr_tl   = Handy Manual of Hilichurlian
|ru      = Хиличурлский разговорник для чайников
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = คู่มือภาษา Hilichurl ฉบับพกพา
|th_rm   = Khumue Phasa Hilichurl Chabap Phokpha
|th_tl   = Portable Hilichurlian Manual
|vi      = Sổ Tay Tra Cứu Tiếng Hilichurl
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kompaktes Wörterbuch für Hilichurlisch
|de_tl   = Compact Dictionary for Hilichurlian
|id      = Buku Panduan Bahasa Hilichurl
|id_tl   = Guidebook of Hilichurlian
|pt      = Breve Dicionário de Hilichurlês
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Breve diccionario de hilichurlio]]
[[pt-br:Breve Dicionário de Hilichurlês]]