{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71708
|image         = Hanfeng, Cold Blade Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Qingce Village]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Qingce Village
|characters    = Hanfeng, "Cold Blade"; Traveler
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Liyue
}}
'''''Hanfeng's Iron-Mongering''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Liyue]].

==Step==
# Give ten [[Iron Chunk]]s to [[Hanfeng, "Cold Blade"|Hanfeng]]

==Request Details==
Help Needed:<br>
The hoe I was using broke while I was working out in the fields and buying a new one's a bit too pricey. I once ran a smithy in Liyue Harbor, and I thought to myself: "why don't I fix this hoe myself?"<br>
But it's been a while since I last practiced, so I'll no doubt ruin at least a few Iron Chunks before I get it right again...<br>
Could someone willing to help an old man out find me {{Color|buzzword|ten Iron Chunks}}?

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Hanfeng]] from [[Qingce Village]] needs ten [[Iron Chunk]]s.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Hanfeng, "Cold Blade")
:'''Hanfeng, "Cold Blade":''' Oh, hello! It's been ages since I last saw a youngster like you around these parts.
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Iron Chunks...
:'''Hanfeng, "Cold Blade":''' Right, right... the commission I posted. So, have you brought me ten Iron Chunks?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here they are.
:;(Opens item submission menu)
::'''Hanfeng, "Cold Blade":''' These Iron Chunks should be just enough to fix my tool.
::'''Hanfeng, "Cold Blade":''' I can't thank you enough. Here, these are for you, young man/lady.
::'''Hanfeng, "Cold Blade":''' I just hope my skills haven't gotten too rusty now.
:{{DIcon}} Nope, still working on it...
::'''Hanfeng, "Cold Blade":''' Oh, well don't keep me waiting too long. The sooner I can get my tool fixed, the sooner I can carry on with my work.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hanfeng's Iron-Mongering
|zhs     = 寒锋的铁块需求
|zhs_rm  = Hánfēng de Tiěkuài Xūqiú
|zht     = 寒鋒的鐵塊需求
|zht_rm  = Hánfēng de Tiěkuài Xūqiú
|zh_tl   = Hanfeng's Iron Chunk Needs
|ja      = 寒鋒の鉄の塊のリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Kanhou no Tetsu no Katamari no Rikuesuto{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Hanfeng's Iron Lumps Request
|ko      = 한봉의 철광 의뢰
|ko_rm   = Hanbong-ui Cheolgwang Uiroe
|ko_tl   = Hanfeng's Iron Ore Request
|es      = Pedazos de hierro para Hanfeng
|es_tl   = Iron Chunks for Hanfeng
|fr      = Le fer de Hanfeng
|fr_tl   = Hanfeng's Iron
|ru      = Железо для Хань Фэна
|ru_tl   = Iron for Hanfeng
|th      = การสรรหา Iron Chunk ของ Hanfeng
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Mảnh sắt Hanfeng cần
|vi_tl   = The Iron Chunk Hanfeng Needs
|de      = Hangfengs Bitte um Eisen
|de_tl   = Hangfeng's Request for Iron
|id      = Permintaan Bijih Besi dari Hanfeng
|id_tl   = Iron Ore Request from Hanfeng
|pt      = Pedido de Ferro de Hanfeng
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Hanfeng Demircilik
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Hanfeng, maestro del ferro
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[ja:寒鋒の鉄の塊のリクエスト]]