{{Character_Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Hanwi.png
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|group            = Tepetlisaurus
|group2           = Saurians
|relative         = Anpao
|relativeNote     = Mate
|child            = Ayo
}}
'''Hanwi''' is a quest-exclusive [[Tepetlisaurus|Tepetlisaur]] [[NPC]] who appears in the {{Quest|As the Sun Rises and Sets}}. She is the mother of [[Ayo]] and the partner of [[Anpao]].

==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Hanwi is a Tepetlisaurus who is the partner of a male Tepetlisaurus named Anpao and have a child named Ayo. Both she and her family would often come to [[Kachina|Kachina's]] house to share meals and the family became good companions to Kachina and her family.

During the battle against the abyss, both she and the rest of the family joined the battle. While she, Ayo, and Anpao survived, Ayo's grandparents [[Hnaska]] and [[Cetan]] died while in combat. This would cause Ayo to fall into a deep depression, causing her and Anpao to worry. Some time later she was frantically looking for Kachina when she encounters her with [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]], she leads them to Ayo, who is still depressed. Suspecting that Ayo might be suffering from [[Abyssal Corruption]], Traveler gives Ayo some Draught of Lucidity which returns Ayo to normal, reliving both Hanwi and Anpao. The Tepetlisaur family head on home.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
Hanwi is a grown Tepetlisaurus.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
*{{w|List of Lakota deities|Haŋwí}} is the moon spirit who accompanies {{w|Wi (mythology)|Wi}} in {{w|Lakota mythology}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Hanwi
|zhs     = 哈恩薇
|zhs_rm  = Hā'ēnwēi
|zht     = 哈恩薇
|zht_rm  = Hā'ēnwēi
|ja      = ハンウィ
|ja_rm   = Hanwi
|ko      = 하인비
|es      = Hanwi
|fr      = Hanwi
|ru      = Ханви
|th      = Hanwi
|vi      = Hanwi
|de      = Hanwi
|id      = Hanwi
|pt      = Hanwi
|tr      = Hanwi
|it      = Hanwi
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}