{{Faction Infobox
|image        = Sumeru Akademiya Haravatat.png
|region       = Sumeru
|affiliation  = [[Sumeru Akademiya]]
}}
'''Haravatat''' is one of the [[Sumeru Akademiya#The Six Darshans|Six Darshans]], the six main schools of [[Sumeru Akademiya]].

It is specialized in {{w|semiotics}},<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Opening Festivities}}</ref> the study of sign processes and meaning-making, and includes disciplines such as linguistics and ancient runes studies.<ref name="I, Researcher">{{Ref/NPC|Hosseini|s=3}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/NPC|Sitt}}</ref>

Their recognized color is black and its sage is [[Khajeh]]. The mascot on their symbol resembles a bull.

Haravatat is currently the Darshan with the lowest enrollment numbers.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Faruzan|Something to Share: Haravatat}}</ref>

==Overview==
{{Quote|For example, my Darshan, Haravatat, focuses on linguistics, but we seldom discuss literature. Instead, we spend a lot of time studying syntax and structure.|[[Gregor]], daytime dialogue}}

Amongst the Six Darshans, Haravatat's focus on semiotics involves it in the study of ancient languages. Due to this overlap in studies with [[Vahumana]], which focuses on history, its members occasionally argue on the best way to approach the study of history. Based on [[Khaldun]] and [[Yavanani]]'s debates, those from Vahumana view Haravatat's approach as "tunnel-visioning," while Haravatat believes that Vahumana's approach of trying to find universal rules that determine all events in history "[puts] the cart before the horse."<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Khaldun}}</ref> Members of the [[Rtawahist]] Darshan, such as [[Hawa]], also sometimes dabble into the study of ancient runes, although Hawa comes from a lineage of scholars and may have gained some knowledge from outside her Darshan.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Hawa}}</ref>

One of the languages studied in Haravatat is the ancient King Deshret script.<ref name="SSD">{{Ref/Quest|Secret of the Scorching Desert}}</ref>

According to [[Alhaitham]], a member of Haravatat, every student is required to study at least twenty languages before graduation,<ref name="SSD" /> though this is later revealed to be a former policy from a century ago<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Receiver of Friends From Afar: Part II}}</ref> that continues to be propagated as an in-joke.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Sethos|About Faruzan}}</ref> 

Haravatat's research has shifted over the last century from the study of machine mechanisms and analyzing the ancient structures of ruin devices using various ancient texts to the study of language itself, with the former becoming a niche within their Darshan as [[Kshahrewar]] matured as the Darshan of Technology and advanced beyond Haravatat's findings.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Faruzan|2}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/CS|Faruzan|3}}</ref> This has led to the dismissal of the 100 years time-shifted Haravatat researcher [[Faruzan]], who was once highly regarded in her field for her contributions to the study of ancient ruins, research that was once considered invaluable to the Haravatat but has since been deemed obsolete in their Darshan, finding more use in Kshahrewar, which used her research to establish the fundamentals of the study of mechanisms.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Faruzan|More About Faruzan: III}}</ref>

==Members==
{{Characters by Category List|Haravatat|2
|exclude=Khajeh
|full_header=[[Khajeh]] was the Sage of Haravatat.<br>There are '''%PAGES%''' other [[character]]s who are or were part of Haravatat
}}

==Trivia==
* {{Furnishing Mentions}}
===Etymology===
* Like the other Six Darshans, the name "Haravatat" is derived from a {{w|Zoroastianism|Zoroastrian}} deity. It is named after {{w|Haurvatat}}, a goddess of water, prosperity, and health. Her name is the Avestan word for the Zoroastrian concept of "wholeness" or "perfection."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Haravatat
|zhs     = 知论派 / 室罗婆耽
|zhs_rm  = Zhīlùn-pài / Shìluōpódān
|zht     = 知論派 / 室羅婆耽
|zht_rm  = Zhīlùn-pài / Shìluōpódān
|zh_tl   = School of the Theory of Knowledge
|ja      = 知論派 / サルヴァタット
|ja_rm   = Chiron-ha<ref>{{Ref/VO|Faruzan|シェアしたいこと・知論派|ja}}</ref> / Saruvatatto
|ja_tl   = School of the Theory of Knowledge{{Sino|ja}} / Haravatat
|ko      = 지론<->파 / 하라바타트
|ko_tl   = School of the Theory of Knowledge{{Sino|ko}} / Haravatat
|es      = Escuela de Semiótica / Haravatat
|es_tl   = School of {{w|Semiotics}} / Haravatat
|fr      = Haravatat
|ru      = Хараватат
|th      = ภาควิชาสัญศาสตร์ / Haravatat
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Department of Semiotics / Haravatat
|vi      = Haravatat
|de      = Haravatat / Redelehre
|de_tl   = Haravatat / Theory of Speech
|id      = Haravatat
|pt      = Haravatat
|tr      = Haravatat
|it      = Haravatat
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.3}}

==References==
{{reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Facultad Haravatat]]
[[fr:Haravatat]]
[[ja:知論派]]
[[pl:Haravatat]]
[[th:ภาควิชาสัญศาสตร์]]
[[uk:Гараватат]]
[[vi:Haravatat]]