{{Meta
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Hardy Two-Blades.png
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|title            = Contestant

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Hardy Two-Blades''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Hardy Two-Blades}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|Vo dialog eqpm001 ferreaferro 01.ogg}} '''Hardy Two-Blades:''' (What a bunch of self-obsessed young twerps!)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
===Dialogue Set #1===
''Available after defeating [[Souka]] in [[Dual Missions: Progress and Probe!]]''
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Hardy Two-Blades near the [[Coruscating Potential]] stall)
:'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' This person looks really serious... and mean... Maybe we shouldn't talk to him...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #2===
''Available after defeating [[Baron Bigfoot]] in [[Dual Missions: Progress and Probe!]]''
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Hardy Two-Blades near the [[Fabulous_Fungus_Frenzy/Special_Training|Special Training]] Domain)
:'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' Oh, dang it! Why is it the two of you? Hmph!
:{{DIcon}} What do you mean?
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' It's nothing. You'll understand eventually.
::'''Paimon:''' What is this person doing at the training ground? Judging by his tone, could he also be one of the competitors?
::{{DIcon}} There's no need to be afraid, Paimon.
::{{DIcon}} He's a piece of cake.
::'''Paimon:''' You're right, we've defeated countless nasty people. This one's no different!
::'''Paimon:''' Besides, Paimon has faith in Bongo-Head and the other Fungi! Someone with such a bad temper can't be good with Fungi anyway!
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' I heard everything. You guys were pretty loud.
::'''Paimon:''' Eeeek!
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' I'm not interested in bickering. We'll settle it in the arena.
:{{DIcon}} Hmph!
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' Y-You're still feeling cocky?!
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Let's not make this a confrontation!
::{{DIcon}} I can be mean too.
::'''Paimon:''' But what if the two of you get in a fight because you upset him...?
::'''Paimon:''' Wait... he's the one Paimon should be worried about if the two of you start fighting... Just... make sure you don't hit him too hard!
::'''Paimon:''' Anyway, for your safety, Mister Mercenary, you probably shouldn't agitate (Traveler) any further.
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' I'm going to become a renowned beast tamer! It doesn't serve me any purpose to settle disputes through violence outside of the arena.
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' Stop wasting time trying to argue with me and go do whatever it is you're supposed to be doing!
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye!
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' Shut it! Just get out of here already!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #3===
''Available after defeating him in [[Unfathomable Defenses]]''
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Hardy Two-Blades near the stage)
:'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' How embarrassing...
:{{DIcon}} The swine is here!
::'''Paimon:''' And uncultured Paimon is here too!
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' You two! Are you trying to make me mad!?
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' Fine! I lost. I'll apologize for the inappropriate comments I made before!
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' I'm sorry! Go ahead, make fun of me as much as you'd like!
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' However, you will lose to Lady Haniyyah. I have nothing to do with her victories, but at least it proves that I've placed my faith in the right place!
::'''Paimon:''' Why do you have so much faith in Haniyyah? Could it be that she's helped you or saved your life before?
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' It's a long story...
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' Back then, a couple of [[Treasure Hoarders]] found a way to somehow anger a large group of Sumpter Beasts. They planned to use the angered Sumpter Beasts to charge and disperse a caravan to make it easier to rob them of their goods...
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' I'm not sure how, but Lady Haniyyah noticed the Sumpter Beasts' strange behavior and calmed them before it all went down. The disaster was averted before it even happened.
::'''Paimon:'''Wait, could it be that you were a guard with the caravan? So Haniyyah saved your employer's Mora... So in turn, saved your Mora... and maybe even your life!
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' No, I was just passing by.
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' But with my years of experience as a mercenary, I'm certain that it wasn't something I'd be able to walk away from if I were to get dragged into it.
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' Lady Haniyyah's abilities as a beast tamer are far greater than the weapons in my hand. That's why I sealed my dual blades, left the Eremites, and began training in the way of beast taming.
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' Do you understand now? Lady Haniyyah has shown me a path to a greater future. She is a respectable figure!
::{{DIcon}} Y-Yeah, we understand...
::'''Paimon:''' Erm... the logic of it all sounds a little strange... but it kinda makes sense...
:{{DIcon}} Please continue making a fool out of yourself. We'll be on our way.
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' Argh! Get out of here! I have nothing to say to you either!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #4===
''Available after defeating [[Layla]] in [[Unfathomable Defenses]]''
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Hardy Two-Blades near the [[Coruscating Potential]] stall)
:'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' You're... about to go up against Lady Haniyyah, aren't you?
:{{DIcon}} What is it?
::'''Paimon:''' We're also feeling a little heavy about what happened with Haniyyah, so be careful of what you say next... We might get angry...
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' I don't have the right to make any comments about you guys right now. It's just that... I saw the match between Lady Haniyyah and "Fried Tofu With All the Frills."
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' I think something's changed inside Lady Haniyyah... This is the first time I've seen her like this. It's really quite... something.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmph! Paimon has been wanting to say this to you. How could you have thought Haniyyah was a cold person! That's very disrespectful!
::'''Paimon:''' You've barely spoken to her, let alone understand her! For example, Paimon doesn't know you very well, but solely from your appearance, Paimon is going to assume that you're...
::'''Paimon:''' An idiot who would get drunk and dance around the bonfire with your swords in your hands and a burnt mushroom kabob in your mouth, and trip over yourself before falling face down into a pile of mud!
::'''Paimon:''' Then Paimon would go around telling everyone about it. Wouldn't you get mad if you knew about what Paimon was doing?
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' Silver Companion! How... How did you know all that!?
::'''Paimon:''' ?
::{{DIcon}} ...
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' But you do make a point... It's true that I don't know how Lady Haniyyah is as a person... I may have caused her quite a bit of unnecessary trouble...
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' I'm sorry, I shouldn't have commented on how Lady Haniyyah is as a person... I'm sorry!
::{{DIcon}} Wow, Paimon actually got to the big guy!
::{{DIcon}} Paimon is amazing!
::'''Paimon:''' You may be overreacting a little... Paimon learned this from Miko and Layla!
::'''Paimon:''' Anyways, it's good that you know what you did wrong. Just make sure you don't do it again!
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' See you... I need to reflect on this a little more...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #5===
''Available after [[The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Crisis!]]''
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Hardy Two-Blades near the [[Fabulous_Fungus_Frenzy/Special_Training|Special Training]] Domain)
:'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' M—M—Master Silver Companion! Please! Take me as your apprentice!
:{{DIcon}} Calm down!
::'''Paimon:''' Err... Yeah! Calm yourself! Did you hit your head or something this morning? What are you talking about?
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' I'm being serious!
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' I was shocked when I heard that you guys defeated Lady Haniyyah. I went to visit Miss Haniyyah and learned about your story...
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' I had no idea how out of line I was before! I'll change and make up for it! Please! Master Silver Companion, show me the proper path!
::'''Paimon:''' Hold on! Why are you coming to Paimon with this!? (Traveler) makes the most of the decisions here!
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' I know, but the two of you have worked in harmony, and I'm sure you guys share the same ideas as well.
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' However, Master Golden Comet is mysterious and rarely ever speaks. I highly doubt someone as dull as me will be able to understand Master Golden Comet's teachings.
::'''Hardy Two-Blades:''' On the other hand, Master Silver Companion's words are straightforward and easy to understand! That's why I'd like to become your apprentice!
::'''Paimon:''' What do we do, (Traveler)? We've never met anyone like this before. He went from being a big meanie to this... Paimon isn't sure what to do with him.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks it's better to leave him alone with his thoughts for a while instead of trying to mentor him. Once he realizes what he's done wrong, he'll become a more reliable person!
::{{DIcon}} Then there is only one solution...
::{{DIcon}} Run!
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, let's get as far away as we can from this weirdo!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, run!
::'''Paimon:''' I'm not sure what happened... but this isn't something we've dealt with before... Let's get out of here!
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hardy Two-Blades
|zhs     = 铁骨双刀
|zhs_rm  = Tiěgǔ Shuāngdāo
|zht     = 鐵骨雙刀
|zht_rm  = Tiěgǔ Shuāngdāo
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 鉄骨双刀
|ja_rm   = Tekkotsu Soutou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Steel Framed Twin Swords
|ko      = 강철의 쌍칼
|ko_rm   = Gangcheol-ui Ssangkal
|ko_tl   = Steely Dual Blade
|es      = Al-Maqi “El Navajas”
|es_tl   = "The Knife-Handler" Al-Maqi
|fr      = Duo balèze de lames
|fr_tl   = Duo of Sturdy Blades
|ru      = Харди Два Клинка
|ru_tl   = Hardy Two Blades
|th      = นายกระดูกเหล็กดาบคู่
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thiết Cốt Song Đao
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eiserne Doppelklinge
|de_tl   = Iron Double Blade
|id      = Pedang Baja Kembar
|id_tl   = Twin Steel Swords
|pt      = Lâminas Duplas Resistentes
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->
[[pt-br:Lâminas Duplas Resistentes]]