{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19021
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Liyue
|chapter       = Chongyun
|actNum        = I
|act           = Signs of Evil
|description   = As you approach the wharf of [[Liyue Harbor]], an unusually-dressed young man comes up to you, asking after some really strange business...
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 26, and spend 2 [[Story Key]]s
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|next          = Distant Gaze
|nextNote      = Branch 1
|next2         = Test of Courage
|nextNote2     = Branch 2
|characters    = Chongyun; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Hard to Track''' is the first quest in [[Chongyun]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Signs of Evil]].

==Steps==
#Go to [[Liyue Harbor]]'s wharf

==Notes==
*Branches:
**Branch 1, A Curious Gaze: Select ''(They all sound pretty farfetched, perhaps I should just tell him that.)''
***Follows up with [[Distant Gaze]].
**Branch 2, To Take a Test of Courage: Select ''(Although they all seem farfetched, I'd better not tell him that. He seems like quite the persistent character.)''
***Follows up with [[Test of Courage]].

==Dialogue==
===Meeting by the Wharf===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Chongyun)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Excuse me, have you perchance seen any "evil spirits"?
:{{DIcon}} "Evil spirits"?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh, my apologies. You're not from around here, are you? This question must sound a little confusing to you.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I'm Chongyun, a local exorcist from Liyue. Those versed in the arts of exorcism refer to all forms of demons and monsters as "evil spirits."
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 04.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Evil spirits have existed since ancient times. They lurk among the shadows in the lands of Liyue, stirring up all sorts of trouble and mischief.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 05.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' It is my duty to exorcise or destroy them and protect the citizens here from their evil doings.
:{{DIcon}} That is an admirable job.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 06.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' It's work that must be done, just like any other job. That's all.
:{{DIcon}} That sounds similar to the work of adventurers.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 07.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Really... Please, enlighten me.
::{{DIcon}} I have also been traveling across Liyue, rescuing people from monsters, and collecting treasures along the way.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 08.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Oh, I see! There are some similarities.
:{{DIcon}} I get it, that's what the [[Xiao|Vigilant Yaksha]] fights against, right?
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 09.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' How did you come to know of the Vigilant Yaksha?
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 10.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I have great respect for the [[yaksha]]s. For generations, yakshas and exorcists have been protecting Liyue together, one in plain sight and the other in secret.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 11.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Sorry, I digress.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 12.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Judging from your response, it seems you aren't well-versed in the realm of evil spirits... But that's understandable. If I may ask, have you happened to come across anything strange recently?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 13.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Sometimes even the most trivial matters prove helpful in my hunt for evil spirits.
:{{DIcon}} Hmm, nothing in particular.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 14.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Oh, I see. Well, fair enough...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 15.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' In that case, I guess I'll just have to try my luck with the clues I already have.
:{{DIcon}} What clues do you have now?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 16.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' *sigh* Only some scattered reports, really. Nothing too significant yet...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 17.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But if you're really interested, I can tell you about some of the more useful ones I've gathered so far.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 18.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I read a flyer that said: "The Test of Courage is now being held on [[Wuwang Hill]]. Bring your best friend and test your courage together!"
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 19.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Then: "Recently, the sounds of footsteps and shouting have been heard outside people's windows at night. The noises have frightened the children and they are unable to sleep."
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 20.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' And: "A huge shadow has appeared in [[Guili Plains]]. It flies and swirls, summons down fireballs, and makes all sorts of strange noises."
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 21.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Cases such as these might actually be worth our attention.
:{{DIcon}} Test of Courage... Doesn't that sound like an advertisement?
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 22.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I think something strange must have happened at the Test of Courage...
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 23.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I guess this so-called "test" is supposed to be like a "test of mettle." Its purpose must be to try the will and power of exorcists.
:{{DIcon}} Sometimes drunkards pass by people's windows at night, that's nothing unusual.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 24.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Hmm, unless there was a problem with the drinks, I don't think drunkards would scare the children that much.
:{{DIcon}} The shadow in Guili Plains sounds like it may be a Ruin Hunter.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 25.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Ruin Hunter? Hmm, that would fit the description, but why has no one recognized it?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 26.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Do you think I'm not deciphering these clues correctly?
:{{DIcon}} (They all sound pretty farfetched, perhaps I should just tell him that.)
:;(Go to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} (Although they all seem farfetched, I'd better not tell him that. He seems like quite the persistent character.)
:;(Go to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Branch 1====
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} (They all sound pretty farfetched, perhaps I should just tell him that.)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 27.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' So you don't think any of these clues are related to evil spirits?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 28.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Sorry... Please give me a moment to calm myself.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry, I didn't realize it would be so devastating to you.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 29.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' ...No, it's fine. I've been this way since I was young.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, is it... health-related?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 30.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' No, not at all. I guess you could say I just tend to be... unstable... you know, emotionally. It causes me to become very uncomfortable at times.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 31.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' This tendency of getting stirred up easily is what people call a "pure-yang spirit."
:{{DIcon}} "Stirred up easily"? I couldn't tell that from your appearance...
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 32.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Yes, well, such a constitution is very rare, but it's a potent weapon for an exorcist. My constitution alone is capable of scaring off evil spirits.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 33.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But I must constantly focus on my emotions... Otherwise, I may easily do something out of control.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 34.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' ...Anyway... I carefully selected these clues from an ocean of information. I can't believe they're all completely irrelevant.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 35.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Oh no... I'm still feeling quite uncomfortable. There's heat growing in my chest... I&mdash;I can't breathe.
:{{DIcon}} Shall I take you to Bubu Pharmacy?
:{{DIcon}} How about some water?
:{{DIcon}} Shall I try rubbing your Vision on your forehead?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 36.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' No, I'll be alright. I&mdash;I brought some popsicles with me for just such occasions.
:'''''Chongyun eats the popsicle.'''''
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 37.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' ...I&mdash;I feel much better now.
:{{DIcon}} That's an unexpected solution.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 38.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' ...It's quite effective. I'm always sure to bring out some popsicles with me whenever I go out.
:{{DIcon}} It looked tasty.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 39.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Actually, they're quite tasteless. Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to stomach them.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 40.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' *sigh* Thank you for your concern. I'm fine now.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 41.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But what should I do next if all these clues are irrelevant?
:{{DIcon}} Actually, it seems someone's been watching us this whole time...
:;(Camera pans to a boy watching Chongyun and the Traveler eagerly)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 42.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Yes, I've noticed him too.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 43.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' It's no coincidence that we both noticed it. I'm sure he's watching us.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 44.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But it doesn't seem he has any intentions other than looking at us... Perhaps there's something he wishes to tell us?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go and ask him.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 45.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Right, he might need our help.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he's just shy.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 46.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Hmm, possible... Let's go and ask him.
;(Continues to [[Distant Gaze]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Branch 2====
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} (Although they all seem farfetched, I'd better not tell him that. He seems like quite the persistent character.)
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 47.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Hmm... I think the clue about the Test of Courage is the most relevant one I have so far.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 48.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If strange things have been happening at the event, then evil spirits may well be the cause.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 49.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' *sigh* But there's an unusual requirement for this event. You must be a team of two people in order to participate.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, that's quite normal.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 50.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Is it? Huh... perhaps you're right. If evil spirits do show up, then the two can take care of each other, I suppose.
:{{DIcon}} The aim is to strengthen the relationship between the two participants.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 51.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Uh...? Strengthen the relationship...? Sorry, I don't really get it.
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 52.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Anyway, if you have the time, would you join me for this event?
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 53.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' You seem to have a good eye for discerning these clues. With your adventuring experience, I'm sure we'll track down those evil spirits in no time.
:{{DIcon}} Okay, I'm free now anyway.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 54.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Thank you! I was starting to worry that I wouldn't be able to find a partner.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, I'm not interested...
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 55.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Please, you must go with me! I don't know if I'll be able to find anyone else suitable to join me.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 56.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' My [[Xingqiu|best friend]] is busy with other matters, and I worry that anyone else won't even be able to protect themselves.
::{{DIcon}} Fine, If you say so.
::{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 57.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Ah, you have my thanks!
:{{A|vo cycop001 1902101 chongyun 58.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' We should make haste! If there are evil spirits at the event, then things could get dangerous.
;(Continues to [[Test of Courage]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hard to Track
|zhs     = 行踪难觅
|zhs_rm  = Xíngzōng Nán Mì
|zht     = 行蹤難覓
|zht_rm  = Xíngzōng Nán Mì
|zh_tl   = Hard-to-Track Whereabouts
|ja      = 掴みきれない行方
|ja_rm   = Tsukamikirenai Yukae
|ja_tl   = Ungraspable Whereabouts
|ko      = 찾을 수 없는 행적
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Duro de rastrear
|es_tl   = Hard to Track
|fr      = Introuvable ?
|fr_tl   = Nowhere to Be Find?
|ru      = Трудно отследить
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ยากที่จะติดตาม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hành Tung Khó Tìm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schwer zu finden
|de_tl   = Hard to Find
|id      = Sulit Dilacak
|id_tl   = Hard to Track
|pt      = Difícil de Encontrar
|pt_tl   = Difficult to Find
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}