{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Haronga.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = May die during [[Despair Engulfs the Heavens]].
Conditions for keeping alive:
* Choose "Survivor Search and Rescue: South" in Diverging Point #1 during ''Despair Engulfs the Heavens''
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = People of the Springs
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Haronga''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|Despair Engulfs the Heavens}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Haronga is a civilian resident from [[People of the Springs]].

After the Abyss launched its full invasion on Natlan, Haronga and his fellow civilians from People of the Springs were en route to the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]], accompanied by some warriors and their [[saurian]] partners. The abyss then attacked the group and manifested themselves as saurians. From there, the group's warriors and saurian companions engaged in battle against the abyssal saurian until eventually the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] arrived to help them. However, all the warriors and their saurians perished in combat to protect the civilians. Haronga and his group mourned for the death of their companions before the Traveler urged them to move on. Understanding the dire situation, Haronga gave out a quick prayer for his lost companions before moving on with the Traveler and Paimon. He can later be conversed with at the stadium prior to the ritual done by the [[Pyro Archon]] and the chosen heroes. 

If the Traveler did not help out Haronga's group, upon arriving to the scene, Haronga and his group, both humans and saurians, would have perished, save for a [[Yumkasaur Whelp|Yumkasaurus Whelp]] who was hiding by itself. 

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
::{{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
* {{w|Haronga}} meaning "daybreak" is a figure in {{w|Polynesian mythology}}, he is a god of dawn and the father of {{w|Atarapa}}. 
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Haronga
|zhs     = 哈隆加
|zhs_rm  = Hālóngjiā
|zht     = 哈隆加
|zht_rm  = Hālóngjiā
|ja      = ハロンガ
|ja_rm   = Haronga
|ko      = 하론가
|es      = Haronga
|fr      = Haronga
|ru      = Харонга
|th      = Haronga
|vi      = Haronga
|de      = Haronga
|id      = Haronga
|pt      = Haronga
|tr      = Haronga
|it      = Haronga
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[vi:Haronga]]