{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Hasad.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past<!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Sumeru
|title            = The Golden Adventurer

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = Royinjan
|relativeNote     = grandson

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Hasad the Golden Adventurer''' was a historian and adventurer in [[Sumeru]].<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Royinjan}}</ref> He was the grandfather of [[Royinjan]].

==Profile==
Hasad was a famous explorer and many of his adventures were passed down as stories, though knowledge of him seems to have faded over time.<ref name="first">{{Ref/Quest|Vimana Agama: First Chapter}}</ref> He is known to have explored the ruins of [[Gurabad]],<ref>{{Ref/Item|Mysterious Parchment}}</ref><ref group="Note">Hasad's parchment only states that he explored a "cursed city of brass." However, the parchment also makes mention of [[Shiruyeh]], the historical figure who caused Gurabad's destruction; furthermore, the achievements ''[[Call of the Nameless City]]'' and ''[[The Nameless City's Past]]'', the former of which is linked to Hasad's parchment, both refer to Gurabad as said "Nameless City."</ref> and recovered the Amiti Device needed to access the [[Ruin Golem (Devantaka Mountain)|Ruin Golem]] at [[Devantaka Mountain]], but later claimed to have lost it while exploring a cave.<ref name="first" />

Hasad often told stories of his adventures to his grandson and the other children in [[Vimara Village]], which inspired them to follow his footsteps and led them to pretend to be adventurers. They created a secret base in a cave near the village and buried one of the three fragments of the Amiti Device, which they had recovered, there. The children ultimately gave up their dreams of being adventurers as they grew older, though Royinjan still credits his grandfather's stories for influencing him to become an antiques dealer.<ref name="first" /><ref name="roy">{{Ref/Quest|Vimana Agama: Royinjan's Chapter}}</ref>

Hasad ultimately disappeared during one of his expeditions.<ref name="roy" /> The [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] "[[Oracle Parchment, for the End of Death]]" expands on his fate: He was cursed during his final trip to Gurabad and became subordinate to a malicious spirit. It forced him to create three challenges at Devantaka Mountain, as well as a [[Strange Parchment]] whose text &mdash; written from Hasad's perspective &mdash; evolves with each challenge completed. After completing the three challenges, a fourth and final challenge is issued, which the parchment claims will "free [him] from this endless curse." Completing this challenge grants the [[Mysterious Parchment]] and "quiet[s] the mysterious parchment,"<ref>Achievement: ''[[Call of the Nameless City]]''</ref> suggesting that Hasad's soul was trapped within the Parchment.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Hasad
|zhs     = 哈萨德
|zhs_rm  = Hāsàdé
|zht     = 哈薩德
|zht_rm  = Hāsàdé
|ja      = ハゼド
|ja_rm   = Hazedo
|ko      = 하사드
|es      = Hasad
|fr      = Hasad
|ru      = Хасад
|th      = Hasad
|vi      = Hasad
|de      = Hasad
|id      = Hasad
|pt      = Hasad
|tr      = Hasad
|it      = Hasad
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}