{{About|the event boss|the standard variant|Rhodeia of Loch}}
{{Enemy Infobox
|image    = Enemy Oceanid.png
|dmgtype  = Hydro
|weakpoint = yes
|type     = Event Bosses
|family   = Elemental Lifeforms
|location = [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword]] Event Domain
|title    = Known as "Urania"
}}
The '''Hateful Oceanid, known as "Urania,"''' is a special event boss appearing in the event [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword]].

It appears in the following challenges:
* [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword/Lament: Bitter Hate|Lament: Bitter Hate]]
* [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword/Lament: Bitter Hate#Lament: Bitter Hate II|Lament: Bitter Hate II]]
* [[Legend of the Vagabond Sword/Wanderer's Threefold Challenge|Wanderer's Threefold Challenge]].

Gameplay wise, it is functionally identical to the [[Wishful Drops]] event's [[Rhodeia's Rage]].

==Drops==
===Energy===
{{Energy Drops
|type  = Hydro
|hp1   = 75
|o1    = 1
|hp2   = 50
|o2    = 1
|hp3   = 25
|o3    = 1
|hp4   = 0
|p4    = 2
}}

==Stats==
{{Enemy Stats
|hp_ratio  = 14
|atk_ratio = 6
}}

==Returning Abilities and Attacks==
*'''Fin Slash:''' Urania slashes at the player with her fins in either a vertical or horizontal motion. Can be dashed through using I-frames.
*'''Flowing Springs:''' Urania slams her tail down on the ground, sometimes generating 3-9 Hydro pillars in front of her. Can be dashed through using I-frames.
*'''Wild Torrent:''' Urania lowers herself to the surface and rushes towards the player. Can use this attack three times in a row. Can be dashed through using I-frames.
*'''Surging Torrents:''' Urania creates 3-5 whirlpools on random spots on the arena that act as obstacles, limiting the player's movements and dealing {{Color|Hydro DMG}} over time.
*'''Hydro Missiles:''' Urania fires 2-4 missiles that home in on the player similar to a Ruin Guard's missiles. Can be avoided by keeping distance from Urania, or can be destroyed by bow users.
*'''Wave Spray:''' Urania creates 1-3 orbs of water that chase after the player before exploding in a short time, dealing {{Color|AoE Hydro DMG}}. Can be avoided by simply keeping away from the bombs, or can be destroyed by a bow user. The AoE is shorter than the Water Bombs in the normal Oceanid fight.
*'''[[Hydro Mimics]]:''' After taking damage (~75% health left), Urania retreats from the battlefield and summons Hydro Mimics to attack the player. Unlike the normal Oceanid fight, Urania will only summon Boars, Ferrets, and Crabs. Defeating the Boars and Ferrets will decrease Urania's HP.
** '''Boars''' will charge at the player (can change direction unlike normal) and fire blasts of Hydro.
** '''Ferrets''' will lash out at the player with their tails, fire blades of Hydro from their tails, and perform a divebomb attack in which it launches itself upwards and then pounces forward.
** '''Raptors''' will divebomb at the player. Urania will only spawn these when a Flair is activated.
** '''Crabs''' will strafe around the player, spitting bubbles that deal {{Color|Hydro DMG}} over time. One crab appears for each Fitful Rapid activated by a player.
*'''Surge of Vengeance:''' Urania will move to the center of the arena and conjure a large ball of Hydro that she will throw to the ground, dealing massive {{Color|Hydro DMG}} throughout the arena. Can be avoided using the '''Fitful Rapids'''.
*'''River-Carving Rapids:''' Urania targets the player with a lock-on before firing a massive stream of water from her eye. Can be avoided using the '''Fitful Rapids''' or can be withstood using Shields.

==Battle Dialogue==
{{main|Rhodeia's Rage#Voicelines}}

==Descriptions==
{{Description|Having lost its territory and with no access to tranquil waters, the Oceanid writhes in endless grief, longing for all living things to hear the song of the waves and to at last taste the bitterness of its tears.}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hateful Oceanid
|zhs     = 嗟恨的纯水精灵
|zhs_rm  = Jiēhèn de Chúnshuǐ Jīnglíng
|zht     = 嗟恨的純水精靈
|zht_rm  = Jiēhèn de Chúnshuǐ Jīnglíng
|zh_tl   = Hateful Oceanid
|ja      = 嘆きの純水精霊
|ja_rm   = Nageki no Junsui Seirei
|ja_tl   = Sorrowful Oceanid
|ko      = 한 맺힌 물의 정령
|ko_rm   = Han Maethin Mul-ui Jeongryeong
|ko_tl   = Water Spirit Which has Deep Grudge
|es      = Oceánida resentida
|es_tl   = Resentful Oceanid
|fr      = Océanide acariâtre
|fr_tl   = Bad-Tempered Oceanid
|ru      = Злобный океанид
|ru_tl   = Hateful Oceanid
|th      = Hateful Oceanid
|vi      = Tinh Linh Nước Trong Than Thở
|vi_tl   = Water Spirit in Lament
|de      = Hasserfüllte Okeanide
|de_tl   = Hateful Oceanid
|id      = Hateful Oceanid
|pt      = Oceanid Detestável
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Nefret Dolu Okeanid
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Oceanide astiosa
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}-->

==Navigation==
{{Enemy Navbox|Special}}

[[Category:Lochfolk]]

[[es:Oceánida resentida]]
[[ja:嘆きの純水精霊]]
[[vi:Tinh Linh Nước Trong Than Thở]]