{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Haypasia.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Rtawahist
|title            = Researcher

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm9098554|Chloe Eves]]<ref name="ChloeEves">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/ChloeEvesVA/status/1562465377984335872 EN VA Self Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20221118213136/https://twitter.com/ChloeEvesVA/status/1562465377984335872 Archived])</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Haypasia''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that first appeared in the {{Quest|A Forest of Change}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
|hideaddbutton=true
|captionalign=center
}}
-->
==Profile==
Haypasia is a researcher of the [[Rtawahist]] [[Darshan]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Silent Seeker of Knowledge}}</ref> She is considered a genius in the [[Akademiya]] thanks to her successful attempts at connecting to [[Irminsul]] using [[Spirit Borneol]] after only three years of training.

When the [[Traveler]] first arrived in Sumeru, they ran into Haypasia and asked her for directions, although due to her training, she promptly ignored them to begin her research. This caused the Traveler to faint when they caught up to her, where they had a vision of Irminsul. After Haypasia's [[Dusk Bird]] returned, [[Tighnari]] had the Traveler bring some rations to her, where she regained consciousness and apologized for ignoring them earlier before resuming her research.

Haypasia would eventually make contact with a divine being, and came to believe that she had successfully linked her mind to Irminsul. She began exhibiting unusual behavior, which caused Tighnari to grow suspicious and bring her to [[Pardis Dhyai]] for further evaluation, as otherwise she would have been labeled as a Village Keeper and permanently exiled to [[Aaru Village]]. There, she ran into the Traveler again, and Haypasia offered to show them what she saw. However, what she had seen were the memories and thoughts of [[Scaramouche]], who was in the process of achieving [[Everlasting Lord of Arcane Wisdom|godhood]]. Upon realizing that she had lost her sanity, she walked off. Scaramouche saw her as his first follower due to the fact that she had seen his past.

Haypasia remained in Tighnari's care until Irminsul was fully restored. After recovering, she continued her training in the forest.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Toast to Victory}}</ref>

===Appearance===
Haypasia has short, light green hair that is braided from the top, and wears one of the basic [[Sumeru Akademiya]] uniforms seen on many other prestigious members of the Akademiya, as well as a pair of glasses.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} (Text)
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "(Text)"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* Her name is likely a reference to {{w|Hypatia}}, the ancient Alexandrian philosopher.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Haypasia
|zhs     = 海芭夏
|zhs_rm  = Hǎibāxià
|zht     = 海芭夏
|zht_rm  = Hǎibāxià
|ja      = ハイパシア
|ja_rm   = Haipashia
|ko      = 하이파시아
|es      = Haypasia
|fr      = Haypasia
|ru      = Хайпасия
|th      = Haypasia
|vi      = Haypasia
|de      = Haypasia
|id      = Haypasia
|pt      = Haypasia
|tr      = Haypasia
|it      = Haypasia
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[de:Haypasia]]
[[es:Haypasia]]
[[ja:ハイパシア]]