{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19008
|image         = Hangout Event Healing Is My Job.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Barbara
|actNum        = I
|act           = Wellspring of Healing
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|prev          = The Second Chilibrew Ingredient
|characters    = Barbara; Traveler; Uwe
|next          = Home-Made Chilibrew
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Healing Is My Job''''' is the second quest of the [[The Second Chilibrew Ingredient]] branch of {{Quest|Wellspring of Healing}}.

==Steps==
# Look for 3 [[Fresh Small Lamp Grass]]
# Accompany [[Barbara]] while she heals [[Uwe]]
# Return to Mondstadt with Barbara

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|To heal Uwe, you accompany Barbara to search the [[Whispering Woods]] for [[Small Lamp Grass]].}}
===Healing Is My Job===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Uwe again)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 20.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Y&mdash;You got a problem? Stop looking at me like that...

;(While looking for Small Lamp Grass)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Don't look so serious, I know what you're thinking.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I've heard a lot about the criminal methods of the Treasure Hoarders around Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Usually, if I come across a person like this, I'd simply ask them to seek help from somebody at the Church.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But this fellow is in serious condition, he needs urgent healing...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' After all, I've got an Honorary Knight at my side to protect me, right?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Hmm, let's gather the Small Lamp Grass and head back so we can heal him.

;(Talk to Uwe after picking up 3 Fresh Small Lamp Grass)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 01.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Sister Deaconess... you're back!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' This should do the trick, hold on a moment...
:{{DIcon}} No sudden moves.
:{{DIcon}} I'm watching you.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 02.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' You adventurers... really are jumpy these days.
:{{Black Screen|''Barbara starts to heal Uwe...''}}
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Alright, that should do it. But just to be safe, you should probably pay a visit to the Church.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 03.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Haha... no need. I should be able to recover by myself.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 04.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Uh... S&mdash;Sister Deaconess...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 05.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Why... weren't you suspicious of me? Like the adventurer here?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 06.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Surely you've heard about the Treasure Hoarders and their methods... haha...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 07.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Feigning injury by the roadside, begging for healing to get close to travelers, then striking at the opportune moment... Y'know, stuff like that...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 08.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' And... that's just one of their methods. Weren't you... worried that I might've been looking to harm you?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Um... It crossed my mind.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 09.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' And yet... Why did you still help me?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' The fact was, you needed healing, right?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' And you hadn't done anything wrong. You just asked me for help.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 12.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Whatever your true identity, in my eyes, you were merely a person in need of healing.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 10.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Sister Deaconess...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 11.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' The truth is... I am a Treasure Hoarder. My plan was to feign injury in order to take advantage of the situation...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 12.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' But I ran into a group of monsters &mdash; I barely made it out. Then I realized I actually had to seek help from someone, anyone...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 13.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' But travelers all kept their distance, none of them believed me... Until you showed up.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 14.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' I&mdash;I can't thank you enough for healing me. I feel strong enough to carry on now... I won't trouble you anymore.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 13.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh... Well, the best thing would be for you to come back to Mondstadt with us. The Church can help with your treatment, you're not fully healed yet...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 15.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Please! I've taken up enough of your time.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 16.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Oh, these are for you. I'm afraid I have nothing of value to give, but... I picked these Sweet Flowers from nearby.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 17.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Take them, as thanks for healing me. I will remember your kindness.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 18.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' In the future, if you have any trouble with... Treasure Hoarders... just mention my name, Uwe. I guarantee, they won't dare touch the hem of your jacket!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 uwe 19.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' I must go. Farewell.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 14.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Hehe, what a strange character... but I hope his wounds will be okay.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 15.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' At least we got a hold of some Sweet Flowers! We were running out of time for me to whip you up some Chilibrew.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900801 barbara 16.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Wow... this is a great batch! That's everything we need. It's getting late, let's get back to Mondstadt.

;(Arriving at Mondstadt)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900802 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Well, we're back. Whew... that was pretty tiring.
:{{DIcon}} Why did you choose to heal that guy even though you knew he was suspicious?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900802 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I'm a deaconess, healing the wounded is something I must do.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900802 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Besides... I have a [[Vision]]. Even if he did try anything, I'd have been able to handle it.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900802 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Not to mention, I had the Honorary Knight with me. If there'd been any danger... you would definitely have protected me, right?
:{{DIcon}} And if I hadn't been there...?
:{{DIcon}} What if you'd been on your own?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900802 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' If I was alone... Mm...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900802 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Well, for a Vision-bearer, I'm more adept at healing. If there were too many enemies, I guess I would've been defeated after a while...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900802 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' However, because I would've been alone... I wouldn't have risked an ambush by stopping to heal him myself. I would've just left some herbs with him instead.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900802 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I'm good at remembering self-defense tactics like that.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900802 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' After all, as Sister [[Victoria]] always says... don't go around healing people in the wild...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900802 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Then again... What's the point of having a Vision if I can't stretch the rules once in a while? Hehe...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900802 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh &mdash; the Chilibrew! It shouldn't take long to make... Why don't you wait for me in the garden next to the Adventurers' Guild?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900802 barbara 12.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I'll bring it straight over when it's ready.
:;(Continue to [[Knight and Deaconess, Ready for Battle!#Home-Made Chilibrew|Home-Made Chilibrew]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Healing Is My Job
|zhs     = 治愈的本职
|zhs_rm  = Zhìyù de Běnzhí
|zht     = 治癒的本職
|zht_rm  = Zhìyù de Běnzhí
|zh_tl   = The Job of Healing
|ja      = 牧師の本職
|ja_rm   = Bokushi no Honshoku
|ja_tl   = Pastor's Main Job
|ko      = 치유라는 소임
|ko_tl   = Duty Called Healing
|es      = Curar es un deber
|es_tl   = Healing Is a Duty
|fr      = Vocation de guérisseuse
|fr_tl   = Healer Vocation
|ru      = Лечить - моя работа
|ru_tl   = Healing Is My Job
|th      = การรักษาคือหน้าที่ของฉัน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Healing Is My Job
|vi      = Trách nhiệm chữa trị
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Heilen ist meine Pflicht
|de_tl   = Healing Is My Duty
|id      = Tugasku Adalah Menyembuhkan
|id_tl   = My Job Is Healing
|pt      = Curar é o Meu Trabalho
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = İyileştirme Benim İşim
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Guarire è il mio mestiere
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[ja:牧師の本職]]