{{See also|Health}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Attribute Healing.png
|type         = Attributes
|type2        = Combat
|type3        = Game Systems
}}
'''Healing''' refers to the ability to regenerate Health. This can be done via [[Food]], Character Talents, or special Domain effects.

Some Healing abilities apply team-wide, others only to the individual. Some Healing abilities are local, requiring players to be within a certain field of area to be healed, while others are more global, applying the healing to the player (and other players in [[Co-Op Mode]]) wherever they are on or off the battlefield.

[[Hydro]] [[Resonance]] increases incoming healing, as well as various artifacts.

==Elemental Resonance==
<div role="note" class="notice hatnote context-link main dablink">{{Main|Elemental Resonance}}</div>
The {{Element|Hydro|24}}{{Element|Hydro|24}} [[Soothing Water]] Elemental Resonance increases incoming healing by 30%.

==Food==
===Healing===
{{Food by Category Table|Recovery Dishes|collapsible=1}}

===Healing Bonus===
{{Food by Category Table|Healing Improvement Dishes}}

==Weapons==
===Healing===
The following [[Weapons]] are able to heal.
{{Weapons by Category Table|Healing Passive Weapons}}

===Healing Bonus===
The following [[Weapons]] increase healing bonus.
{{Weapons by Category Table|Healing Bonus Passive Weapons}}

==Artifacts==
===Healing===
The following [[Artifacts]] can heal.
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Healing Artifacts}}

===Healing Bonus===
The following [[Artifacts]] increase Healing Bonus.
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Healing Bonus Artifacts}}

===Incoming Healing Bonus===
The following [[Artifacts]] increase Incoming Healing Bonus.
{{Artifacts by Category Table|Incoming Healing Bonus Artifacts}}

==Characters==
===Healing Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Healing Talents|collapsible=1}}

===Healing Constellations===
These are constellations that heal characters.
{{Constellations by Category Table|Healing Constellations}}

===Healing Improvement Talents===
These are passives that buff healing talents.
{{Talents by Category Table|Healing Improvement Talents}}

===Healing Improvement Constellations===
These are constellations that buff healing abilities for character talents.
{{Constellations by Category Table|Healing Improvement Constellations}}

===Healing Bonus Talents===
Talents that increase the Healing Bonus attribute.
{{Talents by Category Table|Healing Bonus Talents}}
<!--
===Healing Bonus Constellations===
Constellations that increase the Healing Bonus attribute.
{{Constellations by Category Table|Healing Bonus Constellations}}-->

===Incoming Healing Bonus Talents===
Talents that increase the Incoming Healing Bonus attribute.
{{Talents by Category Table|Incoming Healing Bonus Talents}}

===Incoming Healing Bonus Constellations===
Constellations that increase the Incoming Healing Bonus attribute.
{{Constellations by Category Table|Incoming Healing Bonus Constellations}}

===Ascension===
The following characters have healing bonus as the increasing attribute when ascending or leveling up.
{{Characters by Ascension Stat Table|Healing Bonus}}

==Healing Comparison==
Healing abilities can be divided into the following categories:

*'''Local:''' Characters will have to be within a certain radius to receive healing effects.
*'''Global:''' All players within the [[party]], including other players in [[Co-Op Mode]], will receive healing regardless of their location.
*'''Individual:''' Only one character will receive the healing effect per ability activation.
*'''Teamwide:''' Various members of the team (including in Co-Op Mode) can receive the healing effect at once.

Terminology used in the table below:

*Under the Character column:
**Skill means [[Elemental Skill]].
** Burst means [[Elemental Burst]].
** AA means [[Normal Attack]] (auto-attack).
** CA means [[Charged Attack]].
**C followed by a number means a [[Constellation]] level.
**Passive refers to Passive Talents. Passive 1 is the one gained at Ascension 1, while Passive 2 is the one gained at Ascension 4.
*Under the Individual column:
**Fielder refers to your active character on the field; it does not have to be the ability's caster.
**Self means that only the skill's caster receives healing.<!-- Maybe dpl this later, keeping visual table for now -->

{| class="wikitable sortable" style="text-align:center;"
|+
!Character
!Local
!Global
!Individual
!Teamwide
|-
|Barbara<br />([[Let the Show Begin♪|Skill]] heal-over-time)
|
|
|{{Check|yes}}<br />(Fielder)
|
|-
|Barbara<br />(AA and CA with Skill; Burst)
|
|{{Check|yes}}
|
|{{Check|yes}}
|-
|Bennett (Burst)
|{{Check|yes}}
|
|{{check|yes}}<br />(Fielder)
|
|-
|Diona (Burst)
|{{Check|yes}}
|
|{{check|yes}}<br />(Fielder)
|
|-
|Fischl (Burst at C4)
|
|
|{{Check|yes}}<br />(Self)
|
|-
|Hu Tao (Burst)
|
|
|{{Check|yes}}<br />(Self)
|
|-
| Jean (AA with Passive 1)
|
|{{Check|yes}}
|
|{{Check|yes}}
|-
|Jean (Initial Burst)
|
|{{Check|yes}}
|
|{{Check|yes}}
|-
|Jean (Field Regeneration)
|{{Check|yes}}
|
|{{Check|yes}}<br />(Fielder)
|
|-
|Kaeya (Skill with Passive 1)
|
|
|{{Check|yes}}<br />(Self)
|
|-
|Noelle (Skill Activation and AA and CA with Skill)
|
|{{Check|yes}}
|
|{{Check|yes}}
|-
|Qiqi (Skill Healing Over Time and Burst)
|
|
|{{check|yes}}<br />(Fielder)
|
|-
|Qiqi (AA and CA with Skill)
|
|{{check|yes}}
|
|{{check|yes}}
|-
|Sangonomiya Kokomi (Skill)
|{{check|yes}}
|
|{{check|yes}}<br />(Fielder)
|
|-
|Sangonomiya Kokomi (Burst)
|
|{{check|yes}}
|
|{{check|yes}}
|-
|Sayu (Initial Burst)
|
|{{check|yes}}
|
|{{check|yes}}
|-
|Sayu (Muji-Muji Durama)
|{{check|yes}}
|
|{{check|yes}}<br />(Fielder)
|
|-
|Sayu (Swirl with A1)
|
|{{check|yes}}
|
|{{check|yes}}
|-
|<div data-sort-value="Traveler Anemo">Anemo Traveler (Skill with Passive 2)</div>
|
|
|{{Check|yes}}<br />(Self)
|
|-
|Xingqiu (Skill and Burst with Passive 1)
|
|
|{{Check|yes}}<br />(Fielder)
|
|-
|Zhongli (Skill with C6)
|
|
|{{Check|yes}}<br />(Fielder)
|
|-
|Kuki Shinobu (Skill)
|{{Check|yes}}
|
|{{Check|yes}}<br />(Fielder)
|{{Check|yes}}<br />(In Co-Op Mode)
|}

==Other Sources of Healing==
*Players can also heal by visiting the [[Statue of The Seven]].
*In the [[Serenitea Pot]], it was found that by trapping various [[Animal]]s within a confined area and using [[Jean]]'s talent to attack the animals, it was possible to heal oneself.
* Certain [[Domains]] may boost healing effects, including:
**Certain [[Spiral Abyss/Benediction of the Abyss|Benedictions of the Abyss]]
** The story domain [[Karma-Heavy Cavern]], where guest party member [[Xiao]] can heal himself by damaging enemies.

==Enemies==
Various [[Enemies]] can also heal themselves and/or their allies, including:

{{Enemies by Category List|Healing Enemies|header=1}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Attribute Navbox|state=collapsed}}
{{Combat Navbox}}