{{Act Infobox
|image          = Waterborne Poetry Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Waterborne Poetry
|actNum         = III
|actType        = Part
|next           = 
|ARReq          = <!--20-->
|event_name     = Waterborne Poetry
}}
'''Heart of the Deep''' is the third part of the [[Waterborne Poetry]] event.

==Quests==
* [[Heart of the Deep (Quest)]]

==Summary==
;Heart of the Deep
Arriving at the venue for the third day, the Traveler and Paimon find out that Noelle and Xingqiu won't be joining them today because of other duties and Chongyun saw Callirhoe alone looking upset on the bridge near [[Dihua Marsh]]. Everyone goes to check on her. On the way, Paimon tells Mika about the poem on a leave during yesterday's inspiration walk. Mika deduces that Callirhoe is the one who wrote the poems and everyone agrees with his reasonings. They see another leaf afloat on the river and decided to follow it. After getting the poem, they realize it is a reply for the poem they sent yesterday.

After finding Callirhoe and saving her from hilichurls, everyone are shocked to see her in [[Hydro Eidolon|water droplet]] form. Callirhoe transform back into her human form and reveals that she is an [[Oceanid]] who fled Fontaine after the death of [[Egeria|previous Hydro Archon]] and settled on Springvale, though she cannot recall any memories of her journey. She also reveals that she is the [[Spring Fairy]] in the "Heart of Clear Springs" story and the boy in the story is the now elderly [[Old Finch]], whom she met when he was young. Callirhoe decided to left him because of the difference of their lifespan and afraid that he will live with regret, not knowing that he always waited for her by the spring every day. After some convincing, Callirhoe decides to see Finch and will create a poem for him. She asks everyone to help arrange the reunion and to keep her true identity a secret from other people.

Arriving at [[Springvale]], Diona finds Finch by the Spring and takes him to the waterfall. At the waterfall, Finch finally reunites with Callirhoe and reminisces about their memories, thinking she is still the same person as she was back then. Callirhoe then reads the poem she made for him and Finch finally understand her situation. Callirhoe gives Finch a droplet of water condensed from her power: the true Heart of the Clear Springs. From then on, she will come in Finch's dream whenever he calls for her. As Callirhoe physical form starting to disappear, she finally gives Finch his long-awaited kiss and quietly leaves. But Finch ensures them that she is nearby and will always be part of the spring.

Everyone goes back to the venue in high spirits that even Diona is willing to make a drink for Venti. Xingqiu asks why are they gone for so long and they made up various excuses, which Xingqiu doesn't buy. Xingqiu tries to bribe Chongyun with trip to a haunted house. Chongyun declines the offer and starting to think his pure-yang spirit may not be a bad thing after all, confusing Xingqiu even more.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Heart of the Deep
|zhs     = 幽潭心
|zhs_rm  = Yōu Tán Xīn
|zht     = 幽潭心
|zht_rm  = Yōu Tán Xīn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 閑雅な泉の心
|ja_rm   = Kanga-na Izumi no Kokoro
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 샘물의 마음
|ko_rm   = Saemmul-ui Maeum
|ko_tl   = Heart of the Spring
|es      = El corazón del manantial
|es_tl   = The Heart of the Spring
|fr      = Le cœur au plus profond
|fr_tl   = The Heart at the Deepest
|ru      = Сердце глубины
|ru_tl   = Heart of the Deep
|th      = เบื้องลึกของหัวใจ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trái Tim U Sầu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Herz der Tiefe
|de_tl   = Heart of the Deep
|id      = Dalamnya Ketulusan Kasih Air
|id_tl   = The Deep Sincerity of Water's Love
|pt      = Coração das Profundezas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Derinliklerin Yüreği
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Cuore profondo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

[[pt-br:Coração das Profundezas]]