{{Event Tabs}}
{{Stub|Add the soundtrack}}
{{Event
|name              = Heartfelt Doodlings
|image             = Heartfelt Doodlings.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-06-20 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-06-26 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/124175
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240620sigewinne-ktlz9u/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Sigewinne; Ottnit; Hubel; Iaune; Neuvillette; Sedene
}}
'''Heartfelt Doodlings''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.7]].

==Event Duration==
June 20, 2024 12:00 – June 26, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, help Sigewinne finish drawing the stickers and give them to Neuvillette. Read the reports on the bulletin board to claim in-game rewards.

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, select the stickers you want to draw and help Sigewinne draw three stickers and give them to Neuvillette. You can then view the reports and messages on the bulletin board to claim in-game rewards.
# Selecting specific stickers will trigger different reports and messages.
# Check the bulletin board to claim the event wallpaper.

==In-Game Rewards==
Help Sigewinne finish drawing the stickers and give them to Neuvillette. You can then view the reports on the bulletin board to claim in-game rewards such as Primogems and Character Ascension Materials.
{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*40;Mystic Enhancement Ore*2;Varunada Lazurite Fragment*3;Mora*20,000}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please save it in time.
# The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail after checking the bulletin board. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Heartfelt Doodlings
|zhs      = 心意涂鸦
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 心意塗鴉
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 絵に込めるまごころ
|ja_rm    = E ni Komeru Magokoro
|ja_tl    = Sincerity Put Into Drawings
|ko       = 살짝 진심인 낙서
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Dibujos con el corazón
|es_tl    = Drawings With the Heart
|fr       = Petits dessins venant du cœur
|fr_tl    = Small Drawings From the Heart
|ru       = Душевные рисунки
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ภาพวาดสื่อใจ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Nét Bút Chân Thành
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Herzliche Graffiti
|de_tl    = Heartfelt Graffiti
|id       = Coretan Penuh Cinta
|id_tl    = Scribbles Full of Love
|pt       = Graffiti de Coração
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = İçten Çizgiler
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Scarabocchi sinceri
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}

[[fr:Petits dessins venant du cœur]]
[[ru:Душевные рисунки]]