{{Event
|name              = Heart of Bedrock Fanart & Cosplay Submission Event
|image             = Heart of Bedrock Fanart & Cosplay Submission Event.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Fanart
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-04-28
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-06-17
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/334309
}}

Hey Travelers!

Genshin Impact Version 1.5 is here, and the "Zhongli: Heart of Bedrock" fan art event will start to take submissions soon! Post your work for the chance to be richly rewarded with Primogems and Genshin Impact merchandise!

==How to Participate==
#Create Genshin Impact fan art on the theme of "Zhongli: Heart of Bedrock" in accordance with the Submission Criteria.
#Post your art work in a Twitter post, along with the hashtags #Zhongli and #HeartofBedrock.
#Traveler participation is deemed successful once the two steps above are completed~

==Art Work Categories==
*Phase 1: Illustration/Chibi Character Illustration
*Phase 2: Cosplay

==Event Duration (UTC+8)==
===Illustration/Chibi Character Illustration===
*Submission: 4/28 – 5/19
*Judging: 5/20 – 5/31
*Results: 6/1 – 6/7
*Prize Issuance: From 6/8

===Cosplay===
*Submission: 5/20 – 6/17
*Judging: 6/18 – 6/28
*Results: 6/29 – 7/5
*Prize Issuance: From 7/6

==Submission Criteria==
===Illustration/Chibi Character Illustration===
#Submissions should be based on the Genshin Impact character Zhongli as the subject of creation. Creative content can be expanded based on the lore of Genshin Impact, including but not limited to the imagination of Zhongli in different time and space settings.
#The finished works posted should be colored. Travelers should take note to retain pictures of their works-in-progress (drafts, sketches, etc.) for the Official Genshin Impact Community Team to verify that the works are original.
#Aside from the artist's signature, the finished works must not contain any letters, words, or text.
#Travelers should briefly outline the inspiration and meaning behind their artwork, as well as the time spent on its creation.
#Travelers should sign their name in any of the four corners of the work.
* For participation to be valid, Travelers must adhere to all the above five criteria.

===Cosplay===
#The content of the submissions is non-controversial and does not involve pornography, racism, violence, pedophilia, or any content that is illegal or unethical.
#Submissions should be based on the Genshin Impact character Zhongli as the subject of creation. Creative content can be expanded based on the lore of Genshin Impact, including but not limited to the imagination of Zhongli in different time and space settings.
#Participants are not allowed to use the winning works of previous cosplay competitions organized by the Official Genshin Impact Team or other cosplay competitions to participate in this event. Upon verification by investigation or reporting, participants found to violate this criterion will be disqualified from the competition. However, previous winners can submit new works to participate in this event.
#The participating cosplayer/photographer shall be held legally responsible for the copyright and portrait rights of the submitted works. Any legal disputes arising from plagiarism of others' works shall be borne by the participant, and is in no way related to the organizer or the host.
#In the case that the copyright of the submitted work belongs to more than one person, including the participant, the participating cosplayer/photographer should ensure that the work has been authorized by other copyright owners. The organizer and host will not bear any legal liability for any dispute arising from the failure to obtain authorization.
#All submissions will be judged by the Official Genshin Impact Team according to the creativity, degree of authenticity, expressiveness, completion, and other dimensions of the work.
* For participation to be valid, Travelers must adhere to all the above six criteria.

==Event Rewards==
===Illustration/Chibi Character Illustration===
*Gold Medal (1 Winner)
**Primogems ×3,000, Paimon Figure
*Silver Medal (3 Winners)
**Primogems ×1,000, Paimon Pillow, Paimon Acrylic Stand
*Bronze Medal (6 Winners)
**Primogems ×500, Hilichurl Plushie Hand Warmer Pillow
*Runners-Up (10 Winners)
**Zhongli Character Stand, Zhongli Chibi Keychain & Badge

==Cosplay==
*Gold Medal (2 Winners)
**Primogems ×5,000, Zhongli Character Stand & Badge, Zhongli Chibi Keychain & Badge, Zhongli Gift Theme Stand & Badge & Coaster & Pillow
*Silver Medal (5 Winners)
**Primogems ×3,000, Zhongli Character Stand & Badge, Zhongli Chibi Keychain & Badge, Zhongli Gift Theme Stand & Badge
*Bronze Medal (10 Winners)
**Primogems ×1,000, Zhongli Character Stand & Badge, Zhongli Chibi Keychain & Badge
* Multiple works can be submitted per Twitter account. Each individual work is eligible for a single prize.

==Event Rules==
#Travelers will create Genshin Impact fan art on the theme of "Zhongli: Heart of Bedrock". The competition is divided into two phases: Illustration/Chibi Character Illustration (Phase 1) and Cosplay (Phase 2).
#Submissions should be JPGs, PNGs, or GIFs (in-game screenshots and previously posted works will not be considered).
#The same work cannot be submitted more than once, with additional submissions of the same work becoming ineligible for prizes. However, the same creator can win more than one prize.
#Posting works of the following nature will result in automatic disqualification: the content of the work does not meet the submission criteria, those that plagiarize or defraud the work of other artists, those with no relation to Genshin Impact's content, those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game or its characters.
#If a participant's successful submission is flagged and found to have plagiarized or defrauded the work of another artist during the Results stage or after the event has ended, their prizes will be rescinded by the Genshin Impact Official Community Team.
#The Genshin Impact Official Community Team reserves the right of final interpretation of the rules of this event.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}