{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70534
|image         = Event Quest Heart of the Dice.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Duel! The Summoners' Summit!
|requirement   = Complete [[Commence! A Suspect Genesis]]
|characters    = Fein; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|next          = 
|rewards       = Invokation Coupons*50;Adventurer's Experience*2;Wanderer's Advice*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Duel! The Summoners' Summit!/Heart of the Dice|Heart of the Dice]] subevent.
|voiced        = 
}}
'''''Heart of the Dice''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Duel! The Summoners' Summit!]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Fein

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Fein of Mondstadt seems to be troubled by something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Fein)
:'''Fein:''' What's the point of having so many variations of the same tabletop game...
:'''Fein:''' Ah, Traveler! Maybe give me a little warning next time? Are you here for the King of Invokations Grand Prix too?
:{{DIcon}} What are you up to?
:{{DIcon}} What tabletop game?
:'''Fein:''' Oh, this is a game designed by an adventurer from the Guild. They say it's an... innovative tabletop game that combines Genius Invokation TCG and combat. It's called "Heart of the Dice."
:'''Fein:''' Since we're involved in organizing the King of Invokations Grand Prix, the Guild decided to host a minigame inspired by the adventurer's design.
:{{DIcon}} How do you combine card games and combat?
:{{DIcon}} That's a very unexpected combination...
:'''Fein:''' Hahaha, to be honest, I don't really understand either. There's a rulebook here though... Just look at how thick it is.
:'''Fein:''' If I'm not mistaken, the core gameplay mechanism of Heart of the Dice would be... strategically using your dice.
:'''Fein:''' Anyway, if you're interested, please have a go at it.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Duel! The Summoners' Summit!/Heart of the Dice}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

[[es:Genios de la estrategia (misión)]]
[[pt-br:Dados Estratégicos (Missão)]]
[[ru:Стратегические дайсы (задание)]]