{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 13002
|image         = Story Quest Heart of the Machine.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Vulpes Zerda Chapter
|character     = Tighnari
|act           = The Unanswerable Problems
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Abattouy; Karkata; Paimon; Tighnari; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Avidya Forest]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|prev          = Into the Hinterland
|next          = Garden Memories
|domain        = The Contamination's Source
|exp           = 600
|mora          = 38,100
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Heart of the Machine''' is the third part of [[Tighnari]]'s [[Story Quest]]: [[Vulpes Zerda Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Unanswerable Problems]].

==Steps==
# Check the unusual area
# Enter the contamination's source
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[The Contamination's Source]]
# Defeat the mechanical monsters that lurk here
#* {{Enemy|Ruin Cruiser|x=2}}
# Examine the strange device
# Follow the mechanical crab and continue your search
# Check on the person who has collapsed
# Collect documents nearby (0/3)
# Stop the Ley Line Extractor
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Ruin Scout;Ruin Destroyer}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Ruin Scout;Ruin Cruiser}}
# Return to the lab
# Check on the Ley Line Extractor
# Leave the secret lab

==Trial Character==
{{Transclude|The Contamination's Source|Trial Character}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The mechanical crab has stopped at a certain point. The source of the contamination seems to be within.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kuli...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kuli...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It stopped here!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 1 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Upon closer inspection, the plants here are really different.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 1 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ley Line energies are also stronger here. This may be the place we've been looking for.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 1 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ready yourselves. We're going in.
----
;(Approach the Ruin Cruisers in the Domain)
:{{A|vo tnllq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's a ton of mechanical monsters here! They made this place their lair!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 3 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Looks like there's no way to sneak by. Let's take care of them quickly.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|So it seems that the Ley Line effluence was man-made all along. You have to turn the Ley Line Extractor off.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the device)
:{{A|vo tnllq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is this?
:{{DIcon}} I've never seen a machine like this before...
:{{DIcon}} I don't feel too well...
:{{A|vo tnllq003 4 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ley Line energy is spilling out from here.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 4 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' This device... It's extracting energy from the Ley Lines without end.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 4 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Who in the world would do this without considering the consequences? The Ley Lines won't be able to repair themselves if their flow is perpetually disrupted like this.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's terrible... We have to stop it!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see... Ugh, Paimon doesn't see controls anywhere!
:{{DIcon}} I'm starting to get dizzy...
:{{A|vo tnllq003 4 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Standing here is equivalent to being directly showered in Ley Line energy, which may cause irreversible damage to your body.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 4 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' (Traveler), take Paimon and get out of here. I'll see if I can find a way to turn this thing off.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... You're also vulnerable to the Ley Lines, right?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're staying. We can't leave you here by yourself!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 4 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Then let's look for it together. If there is no control unit here, then there must be a "trapdoor" somewhere&mdash;
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata excite 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kalu! Kalu!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know where it is? Hey, wait for us!

;(Approach the transparent bridge)
:{{A|vo tnllq003 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's this...? It'll only show up if you step on it?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 4 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Be careful, and watch your step.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You see a silent person in the lab. What in the world happened here?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the person)
:{{A|vo tnllq003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look! Someone's here!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you the one that's taking the Ley Lines' energy? Turn off that machine now!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why aren't you saying anything? Too ashamed?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 5 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...His body is cold.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 5 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It's emaciated, and his eyes are sunken, likely from chronic malnourishment and stress. He collapsed and never got back up. What exactly happened here?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 5 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...Almost forgot about you. Here, this is the last one.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata excite 01.ogg}} '''Mechanical Crab:''' Kalu! Kalu!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it doing?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 5 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm not sure. Judging by this room's layout, this place was a laboratory. We should find a repository of research documents if we keep going.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 5 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The file room will definitely give us some clues, so let's go take a look. Maybe we can piece together what happened here.

;(Observe the Mechanical Crab)
:'''Observe Mechanical Crab:''' (The mechanical crab stands in front of the machine, as if thinking about something.)

;(Follow the marker)
:{{A|vo tnllq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wooow! It's huge in here!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 5 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' This place is a natural hiding spot with how hidden it is.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 5 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The pipes continue further. Let's head in.

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you two find anything?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' There are a lot of lab notes, but it would take way too long to read through them all. I found a tape recording used for an experiment, and based on its serial number, it's from two years ago.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Tape recording?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yes. The Spantamad created a device that visually records experiments and consolidates the final production into a tape.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' However, these devices are expensive to make and aren't entirely stable. That's why they are only used in some laboratories and do not see wider usage.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' C'mon, let's watch it!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hold on, let me figure out how to play the tape. Okay, this should do it.

:'''After inserting the tape, the projector gradually begins to display a recording of the past...'''

:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 abattouy 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Karkata? Karkata? Seriously, I look away for one second and you're gone?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 abattouy 02.ogg}} '''???:''' There you are! Look here &mdash; this is our new home!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 abattouy 03.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' I, Abattouy, will unleash my talents here and amaze those ancient fossils at the Akademiya!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 abattouy 04.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Oh? You're also quite happy! Karkata, do you know what we're about to do?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 abattouy 05.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Hahaha... Yes, I thought not.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 abattouy 06.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Listen up, Karkata. I'm going to make a mechanical life form that can be mass-produced. The technology will be unlike anything else that exists.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 abattouy 07.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' I'll use mechanical organs, and electric currents will course through them like blood. A steel-cast heart that will beat forever, and a brain of myriad components that can think like mine.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 abattouy 08.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Inspiration from the ruins, and the research that the Akademiya had banned... I hope everything can start anew from this place.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 abattouy 09.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' When you can understand our language and live among us, you will no longer be a boring machine, but a truly living being!
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 abattouy 10.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' It's fine. You will understand. One day, you will understand me...

:'''The recording ends here.'''

:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Karkata is the mechanical crab, right?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And that researcher named Abattouy said he wanted to prove something to the Akademiya?
:{{DIcon}} Banned research...
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I remember now. I had a junior researcher named Abattouy. He was expelled from the Akademiya for researching mechanical life forms.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Junior researcher"?
:{{DIcon}} "Junior researcher"?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yeah, what's wrong?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nothing, Paimon was just wondering... Doesn't Abattouy look older than you?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' He is, but academic progression isn't tied to age. I finished my studies a while ago, so subsequent students generally considered me as their senior.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohhh!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Of course, age can be an issue. For a while, people always dragged me into pictures. I felt like some kind of animal on display...
:{{A|vo tnllq003 6 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ahem, that isn't important. Let's go and see if we can find other tape recordings.

;(If the player goes back and observes Karkata)
:'''Observe Karkata:''' (Karkata stands in front of the machine, as if thinking about something.)
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|It seems that the collapsed person was Karkata's creator, Abattouy. However, what was Karkata gathering all these mechanical components for?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, look! Paimon found another tape!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A date is written on it! Let Paimon see... It's from half a year ago!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' That's quite the time gap. I wonder what happened in between...

:'''After inserting the tape, the projector gradually begins to display a recording of the past...'''

:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 abattouy 01.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' It's rare that you malfunction because of an operational error.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 abattouy 02.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Seems that making coffee is still somewhat difficult for you. Or is there an issue with my set parameters?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kuli...
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 abattouy 03.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Alright, there you go.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 abattouy 04.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Water entered the chela and caused it to short-circuit, so it couldn't receive signals from the ganglion...
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 abattouy 05.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Look at me, talking to you like this. You can't understand me anyway, can you? It's fine. I swapped in some new parts, so you should be alright now.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 abattouy 06.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Try moving around. Everything in working order?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 abattouy 07.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Be more careful next time! We're tight on money right now, so we don't have a lot of parts or power to spare.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 abattouy 08.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' I'm glad. Karkata, did you know? Yesterday, I dreamed that you could talk.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 abattouy 09.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Aren't the bunch at the Akademiya always saying things like "mechanical intelligence is just an extension of statistics"? They were blown away when they saw us talking with each other.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 abattouy 10.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Too bad it was just a dream. Forget holding a conversation with me &mdash; you're so simple that you probably wouldn't even notice if I died.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 abattouy 11.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Never mind, I should probably be worrying about next month's power...

:'''The recording ends here.'''

:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' After Abattouy left the Akademiya, everyone lost contact with him.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I thought he was so despondent that he gave up on researching mechanical life forms. Instead, he had holed up here and continued his experiments.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't feel like he's a bad person. He even changed out Karkata's broken parts. Why would he mess with Ley Lines?
:{{DIcon}} He mentioned something about "power."
:{{A|vo tnllq003 7 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Let's keep looking around.

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Following the serial numbers, the next recording should be here.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The writing is sloppy. Perhaps his state of mind had changed.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' There's also an undated tape in the wrong spot. It doesn't seem like Abattouy put it there.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe Karkata helped him with sorting?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It's hard to say. These are the last two tape recordings. Let's watch them.

:'''After inserting the tape, the projector gradually begins to display a recording of the past...'''

:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kuli...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 01.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Sorry, Karkata. I was just thinking about something. Today might become a special day.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 02.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' In my recent experiments, I successfully gave you a living being's "instincts."
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 03.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' When you're low on power or if one of your parts is damaged, you will prioritize your "survival" command and proactively recharge or replace your parts.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 04.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' That is a very dangerous thing. And today, I did something even more dangerous.
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 05.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' I've officially activated the third generation Ley Line Extractor. The Ley Lines will serve as our power source from now on.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 06.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Conducting research on mechanical life forms requires a large amount of power. Even if I scrimped and saved, the Mora I have wouldn't last for long.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 07.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' I'm also getting tired, Karkata. I don't know what's driving me to continue with this research anymore.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 08.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' They say that even if it simulates the operation of a living creature's organs, a machine is still an ice-cold tool. I want to prove them wrong. I want to turn you into a living, breathing, and talking being...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 09.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' I'm not talking about anything cheerful, Karkata.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 10.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Modules for language, emotion, and movement... I've been working my absolute hardest to augment and refine your functionalities, but I've never seen an effective response.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 11.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' You are my finest success, but even you can't understand me. All you can do is execute limited responses based on preset commands or keywords.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 12.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Karkata, I wish you could speak to me, even just once...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 13.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' *sigh* Yes. You cannot understand me, so you cannot answer me, either.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 14.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' It is what it is. In a few days, I'll sell the [[Energy Extraction Device|failed Ley Line Extractor]] for some Mora and continue my experiments. Life goes on, and I have to as well &mdash; I don't have any other choice.

:'''The recording ends here. Tighnari quietly inserts the next tape.'''

:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 15.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' This is new.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 16.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' If I place another two control modules here to simulate the brain's thalamus...
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 17.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Agh... Of course my heart decides to act up now. Why did I cut medication from our expenses...? Karkata? Come help me&mdash; *cough*
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 18.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Strange... I feel weak...
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 19.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Oh no, I have to shut down the extractor...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 20.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Shut them off... *cough* *cough* If we let them recharge indefinitely... they'll... go out of control...
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 21.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' Right... I never input a command to shut down the extractor, so you don't understand what I'm saying...
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 22.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' In the end, it's just like the Akademiya said: Mechanical life forms only bring danger. My research... Was there any point to it at all?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo tnllq001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 abattouy 23.ogg}} '''Abattouy:''' I'm sorry, Karkata... In the end, I still wasn't able to turn you... into a true mechanical life form...

:'''The last recording ends here.'''

:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I see, so the Ley Line effluence was an accident.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' After Abattouy's unexpected death, the mechanical monsters were driven by their "instincts" and continuously drew out power from the Ley Line Extractor. This eventually resulted in severe damage to the Ley Lines.
:{{DIcon}} Then, Karkata...
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon understands, then why didn't Karkata go haywire like the other machines?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Because Karkata is different from the other machines.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Structures similar to a living organism's, the ability to cry and laugh, and capacity for independent thought... To Abattouy, only a machine with these features could be considered a mechanical life form.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Perhaps only by building such a machine could he have the Akademiya acknowledge his protracted research.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' But if he had slowed down and saw Karkata as a friend instead of as an experimental product, he would have noticed.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Karkata can't speak, and yet it cares about Abattouy far more than it does about itself.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What does that mean?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You'll see in a bit. But before that, we have a more urgent task at hand.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 13.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' First, let's find the control unit for the Ley Line Extractor and shut it down.

;(Approach the transparent bridge on the way to the Ley Line Extractor control unit after falling through the hole)
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 14.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' More of this transparent flooring. It feels like a maze...
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's even more complicated than before. Looks like this place won't let us pass so easily.

;(Approach the end of the path on the way to the Ley Line Extractor control unit)
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 tighnari 15.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Below us is the final room. The control unit is likely in there.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The way ends here. Hmm... Wanna try jumping down?

;(After defeating the enemies)
:{{A|vo tnllq003 10 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...This should be the control unit.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 10 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Once we turn it off, the Ley Line Extractor should also shut down.
:;(The green crystal on the control unit stops glowing)
:{{A|vo tnllq003 10 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Without an external force damaging the Ley Lines, they should start to slowly repair themselves.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 10 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Oh, but I bet you two are more worried about Karkata. Let's head back.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You turned off the Ley Line device. It's time to go back and check on Karkata.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Karkata and Abattouy)
;(A cinematic plays)
:;(Karkata looks curiously at Abattouy's body and tries to place a mechanical part onto his chest)
:;(The mechanical part rolls off. Karkata quickly picks it up and carefully places it over Abattouy's heart)
:;(Seeing no reaction, Karkata gathers all the mechanical parts it collected and piles them onto Abattouy's chest)
:;(Karkata nudges Abattouy's head a few times, but he does not wake)
:;(Karkata's core begins to spark and he curls up onto the floor)
:;(A mechanical part rolls off Abattouy's chest, stopping at Tighnari's feet. He picks it up)
:;(Paimon and the Traveler look at each other and back to Abattouy)
:;(Cinematic ends)
:{{A|vo tnllq003 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... Karkata has been collecting parts because it thinks doing so will "fix" its owner?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 11 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Karkata is unable to understand the concept of "death."
:{{A|vo tnllq003 11 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' However, it probably remembers when Abattouy replaced its parts when it malfunctioned, and how that restored it to an operational state.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 11 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It's true that Karkata isn't able to think or understand many topics, but it is like a small child that imitates what adults do.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's why it kept stealing mechanical parts... But, it can't repair its owner, no matter how hard it tries.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 11 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yes, but the important thing is that it formed the thought of "wanting to repair Abattouy."
:{{A|vo tnllq003 11 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' No one knows how this thought came to be, but it has even suppressed the "instincts" that Abattouy had installed.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 11 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If it really is as we've predicted, this research truly will make waves in the Akademiya. It might've been possible to achieve this with ancient technology, but no one has been able to do the same with modern tools.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Karkata? Karkata?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can you hear Paimon? Tighnari says you're awesome!
:{{DIcon}} It's not responding...
:{{A|vo tnllq003 11 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It reached its limit. It hasn't recharged this entire time, nor has it replaced its severely damaged parts.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 11 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It's a miracle that it managed to hang on for so long.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 11 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm going to go confirm that the Ley Line Extractor has shut down. Come with me.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 11 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Let them... be alone for a while.

;(Interact with Karkata)
:'''Lab Scene:''' (Before you lies a non-operational Karkata and a lifeless Abattouy.)
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Karkata could not "repair" its master, and it has also reached its limit...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the Ley Line Extractor)
:{{A|vo tnllq003 12 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The Ley Line Extractor has ceased operations.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 12 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Traces of Ley Line energy are still in the atmosphere, but the effluence's source has been stopped. The Purification Devices will handle the rest.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 12 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Moving on, those affected by the Ley Lines need immediate care. We'll put up an announcement on the bulletin board about the dangers of entering the contaminated region, and for symptomatic individuals to find Collei.
:{{DIcon}} Karkata...
:{{DIcon}} Abattouy's research...
:{{A|vo tnllq003 12 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' According to the Akademiya's policies, we need to bring everything back.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 12 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Research materials related to mechanical life forms will be destroyed, and Karkata will be disassembled and sealed away.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the heck!
:{{A|vo tnllq003 12 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You two should return first. I'll take care of things here.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 12 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Although we've stopped the source of the effluence, the Ley Line energy in the air exceeds normal values. Your bodies won't be able to hold up if you continue to stay here.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' B&mdash;But...
:{{A|vo tnllq003 12 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Listen, (Traveler) hasn't rested very well, right?
:{{A|vo tnllq003 12 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Also, it'll take some time to pack up all the research documents. You're not familiar with this research after all, so you won't be of much use here.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 12 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Tell the Adventurers' Guild that the incident has been resolved, and then get some sleep. We can discuss matters tomorrow.

:'''Tighnari marks out Pardis Dhyai on the map. He usually goes there when doing research.'''

:{{A|vo tnllq003 12 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Oh, and... Don't talk about Abattouy. The fewer that know about mechanical life form research, the better.
:{{A|vo tnllq003 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright... Then, let's go back to Katheryne...

;(Talk to Tighnari again)
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq003 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Why are you still here?
:{{A|vo dialog tnllq003 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'll take care of this. Go and report to the Adventurers' Guild, and then get some rest.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Heart of the Machine
|zhs     = 机械之心
|zhs_rm  = Jīxiè zhī Xīn
|zht     = 機械之心
|zht_rm  = Jīxiè zhī Xīn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 機械の心
|ja_rm   = Kikan no Kokoro
|ja_tl   = Heart of the Machine
|ko      = 기계의 마음
|ko_rm   = Gigye-ui Maeum
|ko_tl   = Heart of the Machine
|es      = Corazón mecánico
|es_tl   = Mechanical Heart
|fr      = Cœur mécanique
|fr_tl   = Mechanical Heart
|ru      = Механическое сердце
|ru_tl   = Mechanical Heart
|th      = หัวใจจักรกล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Con Tim Máy Móc
|vi_tl   = Mechanical Heart
|de      = Mechanisches Herz
|de_tl   = Mechanical Heart
|id      = Hati Sebuah Mesin
|id_tl   = The Heart of a Machine
|pt      = Coração Mecânico
|pt_tl   = Mechanical Heart
|tr      = Makinanın Kalbi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il cuore della macchina
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}