{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73341
|image         = World Quest Heart of Amrita.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = 
* Complete [[The Splendorous Sky That Day]]
|characters    = Fedhri; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Vourukasha Oasis]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Realm of Farakhkert
|subarea       = Vourukasha Oasis
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks [[The Gift of Amrita]]
}}
'''''Heart of Amrita''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Sumeru]] that becomes available after completing the {{Quest|The Splendorous Sky That Day}}. Completing this quest unlocks the [[Offering System]], [[The Gift of Amrita]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Fedhri

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Farther inside the Vourukasha Oasis, a mysterious Pari is waiting for you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Fedhri:''' Hello there, are you the outlander offerer they spoke of?
:{{DIcon}} The outlander offerer?
:'''Fedhri:''' Yes, I have heard of a valiant human who is bonded to a Pari. It has been centuries since this land last witnessed something so wondrous!
:'''Fedhri:''' We Pari used to walk with humans, and we would both build our homes in this Vourukasha Oasis.
:'''Fedhri:''' Despite the threat of the darkness, its corrosion never once stained the Oasis thanks to the protection of the Harvisptokhm and Khvarena.
:'''Fedhri:''' Though centuries have passed, those years remain my most cherished memories.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, but who are you?
:{{DIcon}} I didn't quite get you...
::'''Fedhri:''' I can feel that you are indeed the one who has forged a {{Rubi|Laupa|connection}} with a Pari.
:'''Fedhri:''' I'm in charge of looking after the Amrita Pool. I have not set foot outside this place since Lady Zurvan sealed the Oasis.
:{{DIcon}} The Amrita Pool?
:'''Fedhri:''' The Amrita Pool is where we Pari were granted life. In it flows the primordial water left behind by our god.
:'''Fedhri:''' It's all thanks to the Amrita that countless motes of Khvarena have gained power and life.
:'''Fedhri:''' We will turn into Plumes of Purifying Light after exhausting our strength, leaving behind nothing but pure memories.
:'''Fedhri:''' And memories that belong to the Khvarena will return to the Harvisptokhm through the Amrita Pool.
:'''Fedhri:''' The Amrita is all that is needed to wash away the deepest sadness and sorrow. With its nourishment, one shall regain their pristine form as the Khvarena's familiar.
:'''Fedhri:''' And the offerer is the one who will help those familiars of Khvarena return to the sea of flowers.
:'''Fedhri:''' But ever since human warriors ceased performing that duty, Pari who have drained their strength while resisting the defilement have not been able to return to the sea of flowers.
:'''Fedhri:''' Fortunately, now that we've been visited by a human warrior once again, the scattered Plumes of Purifying Light shall return to this place eventually.
:'''Fedhri:''' The Amrita Pool will accept all remembrances so long as an offering is made, and the waters and the tree will bestow blessings upon you.
:'''Fedhri:''' This is also the mercy of the divine.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Heart of Amrita
|zhs      = 甘露之心
|zhs_rm   = Gānlù zhī Xīn
|zht      = 甘露之心
|zht_rm   = Gānlù zhī Xīn
|zh_tl    = Heart of {{lex|Amrita|zh}}
|ja       = 甘露の心
|ja_rm    = Kanro no Kokoro
|ja_tl    = Heart of {{lex|Amrita|ja}}
|ko       = 감로<->의 심장
|ko_tl    = Heart of Amrita
|es       = Corazón del rocío
|es_tl    = Heart of Dew
|fr       = Cœur d'amrita
|fr_tl    = Heart of Amrita
|ru       = Сердце амриты
|ru_tl    = Heart of Amrita
|th       = ดวงใจหยาดอมฤต
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Trái Tim Amrita
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Herz des Amrita
|de_tl    = Heart of Amrita
|id       = Hati Amrita
|id_tl    = Heart of Amrita
|pt       = Coração de Amrita
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Amritanın Kalbi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Cuore dell'Amrita
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[es:Corazón del rocío]]
[[ja:甘露の心]]