{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01023
|image         = Archon Quest C1A3 Heart of Glaze.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = III
|act           = A New Star Approaches
|part          = 4
|startLocation = [[Golden House]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|prev          = Solitary Fragrance
|next          = Turning Point
|domain        = Enter the Golden House (Quest Domain)
|exp           = 800
|mora          = 38,100
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Paimon;Tartaglia;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|3|part=4}}

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Golden House]]
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Enter the Golden House (Quest Domain)|Enter the Golden House]]
# Examine the Exuvia
# Duel [[Enter the Golden House|Childe]]

==Achievements==
* Completing this quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[I'll Let You Off... This Time]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|At [[Ningguang]]'s advice, you verified the Fatui's schemes regarding the [[Sigil of Permission]] before continuing to help Zhongli prepare for the rite. you met [[Ganyu]] once again at [[Dihua Marsh]] before returning to Liyue Harbor &mdash; only to find that things in the city seem to be spiraling out of control.}}
===Entering the Golden House===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... This is the {{Color|buzzword|Golden House}}?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looked impressive enough from the outside... But who would've guessed that it was even fancier on the inside... and so full of Mora!!!
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is where all of Teyvat's Mora is minted, right? In that case, maybe they won't notice if a few Mora go missing...
:{{DIcon}} Touch a single Mora and we're done for!
:{{DIcon}} If it were that easy, this place would have been emptied long ago.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, so it's a trap. Tricky, tricky... Good thing Paimon's got you here!
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But even if we can't take any, we can still have a closer look, right?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Or better yet, take a nap on top of a mountain of Mora! It's like a dream come true!
:{{DIcon}} We'd better check on the Exuvia first.
:{{DIcon}} Something feels amiss here.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! Back to business.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's quiet... Too quiet. Surely someone's gotta be guarding something as important as the Exuvia.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? (Traveler), look! What happened here?
:{{DIcon}} The Millelith...
:{{DIcon}} They've been knocked unconscious!
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, Paimon smells trouble!
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Quick! We have to go make sure that the Exuvia is alright.
;(Upon approaching the Exuvia)
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''???:''' You've already fulfilled your task as guides, so why do you still linger here? Haven't you already seen enough trouble for today?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Who's there?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' If you were Fatui, I imagine that you would be entitled to a generous reward from the Tsaritsa herself.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But now, you're nothing but dross &mdash; and you're in my way.
:{{DIcon}} How did you find out it was here?
::{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hmm, where should I start? Well, I've never been one to beat around the bush, you know. But who could have possibly guessed that the God of Geo would mysteriously perish the very moment I arrived in Liyue, and that the Exuvia would subsequently be hidden away?
::{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' If it weren't for that lovely little [[Rite of Parting]] ceremony you put together, it would have taken me a whole lot longer to get the information I needed.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like I was just in time, then.
::{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hah! Although I'm deeply grateful to you that I was able to effortlessly find this secret location...
::{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Don't you think that trying to stop me now would just be wasted effort?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Stopping the Mora mints, hiding away the Exuvia... Hahaha, the Qixing are really pulling out all the stops this time...
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you've been planning to take the Gnosis from inside the Exuvia all along!?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' As one of the Eleven Fatui Harbingers, it's my duty to see the will of the Tsaritsa fulfilled.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' She will get that which she desires.
:{{DIcon}} Not if I have anything to say about it.
:{{DIcon}} I won't allow you to get near the Exuvia.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hah! I'm not asking for your blessing, and there's nothing you can do to stop me anyway.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 12.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The time for discussion and diplomacy has already passed. I mean, if it were up to me, I would have skipped that stage to begin with... but I'm willing to do as the Tsaritsa deems fit.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 13.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Either way &mdash; we now come to my favorite part. A simple pleasure, and one that I am oh-so-delighted to be sharing with you...
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 14.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The battle.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Battle? So you're the type that goes looking for trouble, huh?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 15.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha, you could say that.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 16.ogg}} '''Childe:''' When Signora offended the deities outside the Cathedral in Mondstadt, she swiftly left the scene once her mission was accomplished.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 17.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Instead of confronting you directly, she chose to rely on the snow and ice to make her escape. She wouldn't want the Knights to come running towards the sound of battle, now, would she?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 18.ogg}} '''Childe:''' When she faces a worthy opponent, she will prioritize her mission, weigh the outcomes, and consider the consequences of her actions...
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 19.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But as for me, the greatest pleasure of being a Harbinger lies in crossing blades with strong opponents.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We won't let what happened in Mondstadt ever happen again!
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 20.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh? So you intend to fight me? Good. I won't kill you, Traveler. I'll just play along &mdash; to feel the thrill of battle!<ref group="Note">In Chinese, after saying "I won't kill you, Traveler," he says "I just want to feel the thrill of battle &mdash; so why don't you play with me?"</ref>
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 21.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Besides, you could never defeat me. Not even in your wildest dreams. But hey, try to relish the fight anyway. Because if you ask me... without that, what else is there?
:{{DIcon}} I could never defeat you!? You're completely delusional.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 22.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Ahahahaha!
:{{A|vo lyaq204 2 tartaglia 23.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Fighting talk, I love it! Now, let's see you live up to it.
----
===The battle begins===
:{{A|vo lyaq204 3 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' This chance is hard to come by, so show me all you've got.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 3 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' So very few ever get the chance to square off with a Fatui Harbinger.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 3 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' So come now, amuse me... and don't you dare disappoint.
;(Upon the start of the second phase)
:{{A|vo lyaq204 3 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Good! No wonder Signora was so wary of you.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 3 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Well, that just means I can go all out! Brace yourselves, this is about to get tough...
:{{A|vo lyaq204 3 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Now, show me what you can do against the might of a Harbinger!
----
;(Upon defeating his second phase, a cinematic begins)
:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Not bad. Your swordsmanship is quite impressive.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But, that's about as far as you'll get.
:;(While blocking Childe's attack with an Anemo gust, the Traveler uses a Geo attack to catch him off-guard. When the dust settles, however, Childe is nowhere to be found... Only to reveal himself in front of the Exuvia)
:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Haha...
:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Didn't think you had that card hidden up your sleeve...
:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You were just playing us to get close to the Exuvia!
:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Oh, quiet down. Stop acting like some wide-eyed recruit.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You've seen this world. You of all people should know...
:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' This should have been expected.
:;(Childe reaches into the Exuvia)
:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Well then, I'll be taking Morax's Gnosis now!
:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' ...Huh?
:;(He comes out empty-handed)
:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Hahaha... I see. Well, this is most unexpected.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You... You beat me to it, didn't you?
:;(Childe undergoes a transformation)

:'''''Tartaglia - Childe - The Eleventh of the Eleven Fatui Harbingers'''''

:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs tartaglia 12.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Not bad!
:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs tartaglia 13.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But this is going to cost you!
:;(Childe smashes the floor, Paimon and the Traveler fall through)
:{{A|vo lyaq204 4 cs paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaaah!!!
:;(Childe follows to the lower floor)
----
;(The battle continues)
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 01.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You got to the Gnosis ahead of me, didn't you!?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 02.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Did you simply move faster? Or... did you leak the information regarding the Golden House to me on purpose?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 03.ogg}} '''Childe:''' No matter. Hand the Gnosis over. Now. Don't make me take it from you.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' W&mdash;We didn't take it!
----
;(Upon defeat)
;(cinematic begins)
{{Cutscene Description|The showdown with Childe begins. After an intense battle, he turns a moment of weakness into a chance to get next to the Exuvia. To his surprise, he finds that the carefully hidden-away Exuvia does not, in fact, contain Morax's Gnosis. Presuming that you beat him to the Gnosis, Childe becomes enraged, activates his Foul Legacy Transformation, and continues to do battle with you...}}
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 04.ogg}} '''Childe:''' *panting*
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look! Childe's back to normal again.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 05.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Ugh, well then... time to cool off.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 06.ogg}} '''Childe:''' It seems the burden of the Foul Legacy Transformation was too great for my body. I lacked the opportunity to think this through...
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 07.ogg}} '''Childe:''' And now that I consider the matter more carefully, you never had any chance of beating me to the Gnosis.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 08.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You had no connection to the Gnosis, no matter where it had been taken.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! We tried to tell you we didn't take it!
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 09.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Your show of ability today far surpasses that of Signora's initial assessment of you in Mondstadt. Tell me, how could that be?
:{{DIcon}} (Because I'm collecting the powers of the seven elements...)
:{{DIcon}} (Because I'm gradually restoring my former powers...)
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 10.ogg}} '''Childe:''' You already know the answer, don't you? I can see it in your eyes.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 11.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But if that is a secret you wish to keep, I guess I'll just have to curb my curiosity.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 12.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The battle has already left me satisfied.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 13.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Anyone who strives as I do to grow stronger shall be called a friend, even if our friendship can only be shown in battle against one another.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pretty sure that's not the normal way to make friends.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 14.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Unfortunately, I must bring this amiable conversation to an end. My quest still beckons.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 15.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Given the Gnosis wasn't taken by anyone, then we must look once again to the beginning. Perhaps it was never in the Exuvia to begin with.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 16.ogg}} '''Childe:''' In fact, it might be that the Exuvia was just a diversion of sorts.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? So you mean that...
:{{DIcon}} Rex Lapis still lives?
:{{DIcon}} The corpse was fake?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 17.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Yes, it appears so. Interesting to say the least...
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 18.ogg}} '''Childe:''' It seems that the guardian deity of the capital of commerce is also well-versed in the little maneuvers beyond the boundaries of contracts.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 19.ogg}} '''Childe:''' As such, we must now look to our backup plan.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Backup plan?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 20.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I had hoped it would never come to this, for the weak will be swept away in the process.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 21.ogg}} '''Childe:''' The truth is, the world belongs to those who pursue strength. I seldom willingly involve myself with the weak.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 22.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Unfortunately, we cannot be picky about our methods as Fatui Harbingers. Children must all learn to eat their vegetables sometime.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what are you planning to do?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 23.ogg}} '''Childe:''' I will awaken the god that lies dormant beneath Guyun Stone Forest.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A god!?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 24.ogg}} '''Childe:''' {{Color|buzzword|Osial, Overlord of the Vortex}}, who was defeated by Morax the Geo Archon in the Archon War, and who has remained pinned beneath the waves by the Geo Archon's stone spears ever since.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 25.ogg}} '''Childe:''' If such an ancient god were to be unleashed upon Liyue Harbor, defenseless without the protection of its deity...
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 26.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Do you think the cunning Rex Lapis would just stand aloof and watch the ensuing destruction?
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... the Archon War ended two thousand years ago! How could an ancient god appear in a world now overseen by The Seven?
;(Childe summons a swarm of Sigils of Permission, which circle around him)
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 27.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Simple! I've already prepared the means to awaken it.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Those are Sigils of Permission!
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon remembers now! The Fatui have been researching them...
:{{DIcon}} I saw your research with my own eyes.
:{{DIcon}} You've been trying to duplicate them.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 28.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Indeed. The one that was given to you was just a by-product of our research.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 29.ogg}} '''Childe:''' With the power of so many Sigils of Permission concentrated in one place, along with that which was bestowed upon me as a Harbinger by our Tsaritsa... Breaking the subduing might of the Geo Archon's spears for a time should be no obstacle.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 30.ogg}} '''Childe:''' Using the powers of ancient gods in such a situation fails to interest me and is largely against my principles.
:{{A|vo lyaq204 5 tartaglia 31.ogg}} '''Childe:''' But knowing that such an action will not only force the Geo Archon to show its hand, but you as well... That makes matters a little more intriguing.
----
;(A cinematic begins)
:;(A storm begins and Osial is released)
:'''Childe:''' Hahahahaha! Let's see &mdash; will the nation that has lost its deity be swallowed up by an ancient malice once more?
:'''Childe:''' If you wish to drown together with the people of Liyue
:'''Childe:''' You're free to stay and enjoy the show!
:;(Childe flies out, Paimon and the Traveler follow)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? He&mdash;He's already gone!
:'''Paimon:''' That guy is fast...
:'''Paimon:''' Wha&mdash;What's going on!?
:;(The Jade Chamber flies by, towards the storm)
;(Continue to [[Turning Point]])
<!-- There is no clear separation between the end of this part and the beginning of Turning point. You get the achievement after you beat him. I split it at the loading screen so it doesn't end abruptly. -->
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Childe's line about how Morax is "well-versed in the little maneuvers beyond the boundaries of contracts" is a call-back to Zhongli's line in [[Moonfinger]], where he says "I for one have no issue with little maneuvers outside their remit" while talking about the Qixing and the Fatui's aims in assisting with the Rite of Parting.

===Translation Notes===
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Heart of Glaze
|zhs     = 离心
|zhs_rm  = Líxīn
|zht     = 離心
|zht_rm  = Líxīn
|zh_tl   = Heart-Departing
|zh_note = The character {{zh|离|lí|to leave, to depart}} may refer to the second character of [[Zhongli]]'s Chinese name, {{Zh|钟'''<u>离</u>'''}}. Hence, the title of this quest can alternately be parsed as "Zhongli's Heart," in reference to his [[Gnosis]] {{Lang|zh=神之心|zh_rm=Shénzhīxīn|zh_tl=God's Heart}}.
|ja      = 離心
|ja_rm   = Rishin{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Detached Heart
|ko      = 대립
|ko_rm   = Daerip
|ko_tl   = Conflict
|es      = Choque de intereses
|es_tl   = Conflict of Interests
|fr      = Cœur de glaçure
|fr_tl   = Heart of Glaze
|ru      = Стеклянное сердце
|ru_tl   = Heart of Glass
|th      = จิตใจที่แอบแฝง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Hidden Heart
|vi      = Li Tâm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Herz aus Zucker
|de_tl   = Heart of Sugar
|id      = Terbelah
|id_tl   = Split
|id_note = "Split" is used as a past participle.
|pt      = Coração de Vidro
|pt_tl   = Heart of Glass
|tr      = Parıldayan Kalp
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Cuore splendente
|it_tl   = Shining Heart
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]

[[es:Choque de intereses]]
[[ja:離心]]
[[pt-br:Coração de Vidro]]
[[ru:Стеклянное сердце]]