{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19057
|image         = Hangout Event Heizou Talks Fraud.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Shikanoin Heizou
|actNum        = I
|act           = Trap 'Em by Storm
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Report back
|next          = 
|characters    = Akira <!-- no dialogue -->; Arataki Itto; Etsu; Genta <!-- no dialogue -->; Iba; Kano Nana; Mamoru <!-- no dialogue -->; Paimon; Shikanoin Heizou; Shouta <!-- no dialogue -->; Traveler; Yuugo
|rewards       = Fabled Emperor Onikabuto
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Heizou Talks Fraud''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Trap 'Em by Storm}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]]
# Talk to [[Kano Nana]]
# Look for the next performer in the city
# Look for [[Itto]] near Hanamizaka
# Talk to Itto
# Wait until the following day (20:00&ndash;24:00)
# Go to the event venue

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Heizou plans to hold an anti-fraud campaign called "Heizou Talks Fraud." First of all, you two need to look for some actors...}}
===The Shrewd Lady of the Grand Narukami Shrine===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to the Grand Narukami Shrine)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! If we're going to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]], are you planning to recruit Miko for your play? She'd be really good at acting!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe, well I guess you'll have to wait and see.

;(Talk to Kano Nana)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 kanonana 01.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Heizou, what are you doing here, you little brat? Oh, and the Traveler, too. So I assume you're here to see Lady Yae?
:{{DIcon}} I honestly don't know who we're here to see.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe, hey c'mon cuz, maybe I'm just here to see you.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 kanonana 02.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Hmph, don't play your little games with me. If the Traveler isn't looking for [[Yae Miko|Lady Yae]], then you must be here looking for [[Etsu]], right?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You still know me best, cuz.
:{{DIcon}} Etsu?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 kanonana 03.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Please wait here, I'll go get her.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, so we're not here to see Miko... bummer.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'm flattered, but even if I wanted to, do you really think I could convince Lady Yae to join a little event like mine?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 paimon 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Get {{Traveler}} to ask her next time, {{MC|he|she}} can do it!
:{{Black Screen|After waiting a little while, a young woman approaches.}}
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 etsu 01.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Well hello, Detective Heizou. It's been so long since you last came to see me. You know, it's cruel to keep a girl waiting.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hey, community service isn't all bad, is it? I'm sure it's better than prison, at least.
:{{DIcon}} Prison?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 etsu 02.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' That's right. I was careless and found myself caught up in a case of fraud. Detective Heizou arrested me and I was sentenced to prison.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' For the record, I'm not the one who technically arrested you.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 etsu 03.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Oh, come now, Detective Heizou. Don't pretend like you don't remember the part you played. You have a cold heart, Detective... colder than an icicle in the middle of winter.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 etsu 04.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' How would those [[Doushin]] have nabbed me if you hadn't provided evidence of my involvement and whereabouts, hmm? They were so bland and functional... not like you, Detective. When you took me down, you knew exactly what you were doing.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So uh, how did you end up here at the shrine?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 etsu 05.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' I'm here doing community service, of course. After all the information Detective Heizou managed to squeeze out of me, he promised to help secure a reduced sentence from the court.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 etsu 06.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' But in the end, they hardly reduced my sentence at all. Even after serving a lengthy prison term, I am still required to perform community service. I have to spend the entire day sweeping leaves or wiping floors. Just look at what the work has done to my soft and delicate hands... *sigh*
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 etsu 07.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' So, don't believe a word that comes out of his mouth.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I helped you get community service because you were credited with assisting in the investigation. But, if you find it too exhausting, I can always send you back to prison again, if you want...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 etsu 08.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Oh c'mon Detective Heizou, now you're just toying with me.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Don't give me that. Listen, I'd like to invite you to the anti-fraud event I mentioned last time. It's tomorrow night and you'll be a VIP guest. Let's see, appearing at the event would be equivalent to... what? Five days of community service? How does that sound?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 etsu 09.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Only five days? That's hardly anything.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Five days not enough? Okay, how about four days?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 etsu 10.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Hey, that's a day less than what you just promised me, Detective Heizou...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh, my mistake. Three days.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 etsu 11.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Ugh, alright! I'll go! Just stop playing with my heart.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 etsu 12.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' And may I ask, will they also be coming as a guest tomorrow night?
:{{DIcon}} Ahem, hi, I'm {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 etsu 13.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' No wonder you're treating me so coldly today, Detective Heizou. Looks like you've found someone else to keep you company. And what a charmer they are... I get what you see in them, I mean, you'd have to be blind not to.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Etsu, now's not the time. If I hear you talking like that to my friend again, I'll make your community service even more unpleasant than your time in prison.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 etsu 14.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Oh, I'm so sorry. I had no idea they were your friend, really.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well, now you do. Just be sure you're ready tomorrow. I'll send you the location, time of the event, and the script, so don't be late.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905701 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Alright, {{Traveler}}, on to our next candidate. He should be in town right about now.

;(Talk to Etsu again)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 etsu 01.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' I apologize for earlier, I don't know what came over me.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 etsu 02.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Oh, Detective Heizou? He can't stand people like me, I'm sure of it.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 etsu 03.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Although he sounds polite and friendly, I can tell that he treats inmates convicted of fraud differently... He's really got something against us.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 etsu 04.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Do you think he may have been defrauded himself before? Impossible, who could ever be cunning enough to fool Detective Heizou like that, hmm?

;(Talk to Kano Nana again)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 kanonana 01.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' Hello there, Traveler. I must apologize for my cousin &mdash; he must have been causing you all kinds of trouble? He's always been quite a handful... but I promise he doesn't mean any harm.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 kanonana 02.ogg}} '''Kano Nana:''' If he goes too far, please by all means put him in his place. And if he dares protest, just tell him he either does as he's told or he'll have me to answer to.
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Cunning One of Inazuma===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Look for the next performer in the city)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Mr. Iba, how are you doing?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 iba 01.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Oh, well if it isn't Heizou! Thanks to you, I haven't kicked the bucket yet.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well, it's good to see you're alive... and well.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 iba 02.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Alright, out with it, I know you wouldn't come see me for nothin'.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I see you're still sharp as ever, Mr. Iba. Look, have you had a chance to think about that anti-fraud event I mentioned to you last time?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 iba 03.ogg}} '''Iba:''' You can forget it. I'm pushing seventy-one this year! You think I want to make a fool of myself?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Are you sure? You know, this event is very well-funded. And now that the [[Sakoku Decree]] has been repealed, I heard that your granddaughter Kazumi wants to take the chance to travel.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' If you participate, she can go without worrying about money at all.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 iba 04.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Huh? H&mdash;How did you know? Sure, I paid a hefty fine at the time, but I can still afford her travels.
:{{DIcon}} A hefty fine?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 iba 05.ogg}} '''Iba:''' You're Heizou's colleague, aren't you? How haven't you heard about this?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well, it just so happens that Mr. Iba was a well-known figure in Inazuma back in the day. His [[Iba Trading Guild]] was even bigger than the current [[International Trade Association]].
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 iba 06.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Don't bring it up again. If I hadn't been misled by that foreign merchant, I never would have become a commercial scammer.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 iba 07.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Fortunately, young Heizou here has some respect for the elderly and applied for a probationary sentence. Otherwise, I don't think I would have ever seen the light of day again.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, if Heizou was so good to you, then you should help him out too, hehe.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 iba 08.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Hah, he's not as innocent as he looks, you know. He just knows it's easier to get information if we're chatting outside. Ask him if you don't believe me.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Those are some pretty harsh words, Mr. Iba.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 iba 09.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Anyway, I can't help you with that, uh... event or whatever you call it.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Argh, man alive, what should I do now? I already told Kazumi that you'd show up and caution everybody about avoiding fraud!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'm sure it'd be beneficial for everyone, and Kazumi even agreed to come and listen! How can I explain to her that you were too worried about being embarrassed?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' She might even think that you feel no remorse at all!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 iba 10.ogg}} '''Iba:''' You... you imbecile! You should've told me about this first.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Come on now, how could I have known that you'd refuse to participate?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 iba 11.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Why you... Ugh, you sure are a crafty one, just like your father!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So, you'll join us?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 iba 12.ogg}} '''Iba:''' What choice do I have! Hmph, using my granddaughter to force me into some event... People these days!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe, the world needs you to step up. I will send the time and place of the event, as well as the script, so don't forget to prepare.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 iba 13.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Alright, alright, very well.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well then, now we only need to find the last person to play the role of the fooled victim.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' We don't want someone too clever for this role, otherwise, they'd see right through the ruse and the drama would come to a grinding halt.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... not too clever... Oh! Paimon knows the perfect candidate!
:{{DIcon}} Arataki "Numero Uno" Itto!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh yeah, I know that guy. I've seen him in the Police Station a handful of times, though I've never actually spoken to him before... Do you know where we can find him?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, we did just see a file called "The Prince of Mischief in Hanamizaka"... that's gotta be Itto! He must be in Hanamizaka.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 17.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Alright then. To Hanamizaka we go.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905702 heizou 18.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh, but knowing his reputation, I'll need to bring a little somethin' along just to guarantee we can secure his participation. You go ahead, I'll catch up.

;(Talk to Iba again)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 iba 01.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Getting on the wrong side of Heizou really was a mistake...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 iba 02.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Eh? You two want to know what happened? There's not much to it, really.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 iba 03.ogg}} '''Iba:''' As soon as I heard that Heizou was on the case, I knew it was over. I took the easy way out and confessed to everything. After all, what else can you do when a "Cyclone" is heading your way?
:{{DIcon}} "Cyclone"?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 iba 04.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Heizou's nickname. It's what all the prisoners call him, haven't you heard it before?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 iba 05.ogg}} '''Iba:''' There's nowhere to run, nowhere to hide... For criminals, Heizou is a force of nature nobody can contend with.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 iba 06.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Alas, if only I'd known...
{{Dialogue End}}

==="The Prince of Mischief in Hanamizaka"===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Look for Itto near Hanamizaka)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' How about that, kiddo? My little [[Prince of Mischief]]'s got some moves, huh!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Guess that means your [[Onikabuto]]... is now my Onikabuto! Hahahahaha!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Itto! What are you up to?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh? Paimon, and my compadre! This is a nice surprise, what brings you out this way?
:{{DIcon}} We heard you were bullying kids.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What? N&mdash;No it's not... it's nothing. They let me look after their Onikabuto, just for a little while, for safekeeping. And then y'know, once they've gotten stronger, they can come and take 'em right back!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 yuugo 01.ogg}} '''Yuugo:''' *sob* You win some... you lose some... *sob*
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' That's right, my little guy! Good attitude! Alright, see you 'round, okay, yeah, bye!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's just no helping this guy.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, we'd like to invite you to an anti-fraud event tomorrow night.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh? An anti-fraud event? I'll level with you, compadre &mdash; I have no idea what that is, but if you want me there, I can think of nowhere I'd rather be...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' ...Oh, except that there's this Onikabuto Battle Royale tomorrow night I was planning on going to... Yeah, it's gonna be huge. No-holds-barred, winner takes home all the Onikabuto.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And as you can see, my Prince of Mischief has a pretty good chance of winning this thing, so... argh, if it was any other day, you know...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Do you think all of those Onikabuto together would be a match for my one? Here's a picture, let me know what you think.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh!? Wha...!? Oh-ho...!!!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What is this? How'd it get so big? What are you feeding this thing? Look at those beautiful demon-stripes... those razor-sharp horns... Is this the fabled Emperor Onikabuto?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' This is a small token we provide for VIPs. If you're willing to attend, then one of these will be yours at the end of the event.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Whoa...!? Okay, I'm there! Hahaha!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Wait a sec... you look familiar, who are you, anyway?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And furthermore, do Onikabuto really come in this size? You're not trying to con me, are you?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Because the more I think about it... the more I'm inclined to think that... you're a contestant in tomorrow night's Onikabuto Battle Royale!!!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You lost to me in a previous beetle-battle, and now you're trying to get the reigning champion out of the way. Without Prince of Mischief to contend with, you'll be free to sweep in and take all the Onikabuto!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Am I right, or am I right? Nice try, you little punk! Ten outta ten for the pitch, but you picked the wrooong victim!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Okay, okay... Then again, consider this: If your "Prince of Mischief" isn't competing, what's the point of me taking part? After all, all I'd stand to win is a bunch of puny little larvae, no?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Well... Huh, you've stumped me there... Yep, you're completely right! I can't believe I didn't think of that, hahahahaha!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 18.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Sorry my bro, my main man, my buddy... I had you all wrong.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So... you're sure this guy's our best choice?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! See, he was already wondering if you were trying to con him...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Then allow me to introduce myself. I'm Shikanoin Heizou, I've seen you around a few times before at the Police Station.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 19.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh? Oh, yeah! I remember now, no wonder you looked so familiar. You were that guy who was in for stealing other people's Onikabuto, right?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 20.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Listen, Heizou, hombre, did you apologize to them? You can lose like a man, you can win like a man, but you can never steal like a man! And that's a little Itto nugget.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Itto! He works there, for crying out loud! He's not one of your fellow inmates!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 21.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What!? Oh, geez, what's wrong with me, how could I forget... of course I know you. I remember you now, for real this time.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 22.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You're the guy who sells Lavender Melons at the station, aren't you!?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A Lavender Melon seller? At the Police Station? Don't be ridiculous!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 23.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I know what I saw, okay. Several times now, I've been sitting there, starving in jail, when this guy comes and slips me a few Lavender Melons on the sly. Didn't even want payment. Solid guy!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Yeah, that was me, but it was only because your assistant, Kuki Shinobu, asked me to look out for you...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 24.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What? So Shinobu was behind it... Wait, so hombre, you're... not a Lavender Melon seller?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Look, we're getting hung up on all the wrong details here. The important detail right now is that I am the host of tomorrow night's event.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And if you show up, the Onikabuto in the picture is yours. Deal?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 25.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Deal! Done! But uh... could I get another look at that picture first? Just a little peeksy...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You'll have all the time in the world to inspect the real article once the event's over.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 26.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' ...Okay, sure! I can wait. So, hombre, is there anything I need to do to prepare?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 27.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' 'Cause if I'm doing this, I'm bringing my A-game, alright! No half-measures here! I'm gonna do this right!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He sure picks his moments to start acting responsibly...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Okay, so, for this event, you, my uh... bro, will be participating in a short anti-fraud play along with two other VIP attendees.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The main thing we ask is that you just relax, try not to be nervous. I have the script right here, if you want to take a&mdash;
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 28.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Script? Hahahaha! Sounds like someone's never seen the Arataki Gang perform before, huh?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 29.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Don't you worry, hombre, the Arataki Gang is a little beyond the need for scripts! You'll see, this Onikabuto will be well worth your investment.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' You don't need a script? Wow, well, now I'm excited. See you there tomorrow night.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905703 itto 30.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You bet, I'll be there! I'm gonna tell the gang about this, too, they'll all be there to support us.
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Curtain Rises===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Wait until the following day <nowiki>(20:00&ndash;24:00)</nowiki>)

;(Go to the event venue)
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's almost time, everyone ready? Alright, then let's get this show started.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 01.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Oh, I can't wait, Mr. Heizou.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 iba 07.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Let's get going, Heizou.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Emperor Onikabuto, hang in there, Your Highness, I'm coming for ya!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It takes years to make a fortune, but only a moment to lose it all to a scam artist! Welcome to the first "Heizou Talks Fraud," I am your eponymous host, Heizou.
:'''Audience:''' *applause*
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Okay! I'm delighted to have you all here today to explore the topic of fraud.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' To help everyone avoid becoming the victim of scam artists themselves, we thought we'd invite several VIPs with a lot of experience in this area to perform a little play with an anti-fraud message.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Please join me in welcoming to the stage...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Miss Etsu!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Mr. Iba!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' And the venerable gentleman, Mr. Arataki Itto!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Without further ado, let the show begin!
:{{Black Screen|The music starts, and the actors take to the stage. Heizou narrates from the side.}}
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' *clears throat* ...It was just another bright, sunny day when a distressed Miss Etsu brought her elderly grandpa, Iba, into the Police Station to report a crime. There, they were greeted by a kindly Doushin, surname Arataki.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 02.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Doushin Arataki, please help us! My poor grandpa has been defrauded!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Doushin... Arataki? You talking to me?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ahem... Perhaps for want of familiarity with the script, a confused look creeps over Doushin Arataki's face, and he asks himself that age-old question: "Who am I?"
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 03.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Yes, you are Doushin Arataki! You're Doushin Arataki!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, so I'm... in the play, right! Got it, I'm a Doushin, of course! Okay, I got this.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' *clears throat*... Ma'am, can you tell who it was that defrauded your grandfather? Rest assured, the [[Tenryou Commission]] and I are here to bring them to justice.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 04.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' I don't know, it was too late when I found out. They took all of my grandpa's money, and all they left was this note.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Doushin Arataki frowns as he realizes: This is more complicated than he thought. He takes the note in his hand and reads it out loud...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' "I am the [[Raiden Shogun]]. I am currently being held hostage by the [[Crux Fleet]] and urgently need 200,000 Mora to secure my release. Please place the ransom Mora on the north coast of the deserted island. When all of this is over, I will promote you to General of the Tenryou Commission."
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 iba 08.ogg}} '''Iba:''' It's the Almighty Shogun! Ahem... We cannot let Her Excellency come to harm...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Uhhh... But this is a scam, surely! 200,000 Mora? Kinda low-balling it for the Electro Archon, don'tcha think? Shouldn't it be, like, 300-thou at the very least?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 05.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Well I sure thought so, but grandpa's already parted with the money!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Well, then we gotta get it back! Is there still time?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 06.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Before I could go out to look for it, grandpa received another note...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Doushin Arataki takes the note and reads it out loud...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I am [[Miss Hina]]. I am currently raising funds to publish a photo book. I urgently need 300,000 Mora for publishing fees. In return for your support, you will receive a limited-edition signed photograph.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 iba 09.ogg}} '''Iba:''' It's Miss Hina! Ahem... We can't leave poor Miss Hina in a tight spot...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You're right, Gramps! Is 300,000 Mora enough? I can spare some too if we need to make up the difference &mdash; maybe I can get a photo of Miss Hina, too! I mean, uh... We gotta help Miss Hina out here!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 07.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' It's a scam, Doushin Arataki! Snap out of it!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, right, yeah, no, yeah... 'Cause if Miss Hina needed funds, she'd come to me first, you know, as her number-one fan. Why would she go asking this old geezer for help?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' These con artists don't know who they're up against! Hmph...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 08.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Well, anyway, not long after grandpa handed over the money, he received yet another note.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Doushin Arataki grabs the note and reads it aloud...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' "I am Arataki Itto. I was recently framed for a crime I totally did not commit, and now I'm stuck here in prison. I am in urgent need of 500,000 Mora as bail. In return for your help getting me out, I will bring the whole gang over to thank you personally at your house."
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 iba 10.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Must be a scammer, surely? Ahem... I've never heard of this person, and they're asking me for 500,000 Mora!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Wait a minute &mdash; this is a scam! I'M Arataki Itto!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 09.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Uhh... you are? But your name tag says...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Doushin Arataki follows Miss Etsu's gaze to the name tag emblazoned on his chest, which reads: "Arataki Shmeetoe!"
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What kind of wack-job script is this? Am I me or ain't I!?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 10.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' So... the bail money...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Nope! No way, not a chance! Arataki Itto would never ask innocent people for Mora in order to post bail... Whoever wrote this is a liar and a cheat! And we gotta get out there and get this guy off our streets...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But just as Doushin Arataki is being overcome with righteous indignation, the sound of Miss Etsu's weeping brings his attention back to her.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 11.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' *crying*...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Miss Etsu, don't you worry! We're gonna catch the people who did this!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 12.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Even if you do catch them, how are we ever going to get grandpa's money back? Oh, whatever are we going to do about all those Onikabuto?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Onikabuto? Wait, wh&mdash;what was that about the, uh, Onikabuto?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 13.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Oh, well... Grandpa is a major Onikabuto breeder in our village. His are the biggest and strongest Onikabuto around, people come from far and wide to buy from him...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 14.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' We recently received an order that was too big for our current capacity. We were planning to expand grandpa's facilities, but then we were swindled out of all our money...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 15.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' *crying*... Right after we'd signed the contract, too! If we don't deliver these Onikabuto on time, grandpa will have to pay huge damages... Oh, what are we going to do?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 18.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Man, what's that saying... it never rains but it snowballs, it's exactly what we're dealing with!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 iba 11.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Etsu, my dear, don't worry! I'll sell the house if I have to! We'll find a way through...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 16.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' But then where will we stay? *crying*...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 17.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Please, help us, Doushin Arataki! All we need is the 500,000 Mora that was taken from us... can you help us raise it? Or... or maybe you could lend it to us!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 18.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Grandpa's business is going very well, we just need help getting over this hurdle! Doushin Arataki, please, if you lend us the money, I'm sure I can make it up to you by&mdash;
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 19.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I won't hear of it! As a public servant, I would never dream of taking advantage of a person in need!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 19.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' I was going to say... by giving you part ownership of the Onikabuto farm!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 20.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, so that's what you were... Meh, not as enticing an offer as I was, uh... Wait, Onikabuto farm? How many Onikabuto did you say you have?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 21.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Cause if it's more than, say, ten...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 iba 12.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Ten thousand!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 22.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What? 10,000!? That's more Onikabuto than I've seen in my whole life!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 20.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Please help us! As long as we get through this, those 10,000 Onikabuto are yours to keep!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 23.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ten thousand Onikabuto... Hey, if I looked after them, they'd have little baby Onikabuto, and then the little baby Onikabuto would grow up and have little baby Onikabuto of their own...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 17.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Doushin Arataki is struck by a sudden wave of pure elation! His face breaks into a big, beaming smile! But what does he do next?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 24.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Miss Etsu, don't you worry! I'm gonna help you out!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 25.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But 10,000 is too many. I can only accept 1,000... no, what am I saying! 500 Onikabuto!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 26.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' As a Doushin of the Tenryou Commission, it is my duty to serve! How could I abuse my position to take advantage of you?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 21.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' That's great news, Master Arataki! What a wonderful person you are! So strong, and handsome, and committed to doing the right thing... It's rare to find these days.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 27.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahahahaha! Yep, that's me! Alright, there's just one final question that needs answering.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 22.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' What question is that?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 28.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' The question is... where's my Mora?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 29.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yo, Heizou, my hombre, question for ya! What's my character's salary in the script? Also, any inheritance or other lump sums I should know about? Basically &mdash; can I afford this 500,000 Mora? I mean, Schmeetoe. I can afford it! I mean can Schmeetoe-
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 18.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ahem... Faced with a damsel in distress, Doushin Arataki fights to remain level-headed, and asks that other age-old question: "Where's my Mora?"
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 19.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Suddenly, he feels a strange compulsion to slide his hand into his pocket where, it turns out, a bank check has been quietly nestled all along. He draws the check out and inspects it &mdash; today is payday, and this is his salary. The amount? 500,000 Mora!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 30.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Whoa! Check it out! A check for 500,000 Mora! Where'd you come from, buddy!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 31.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Miss Etsu, get this &mdash; turns out I just got paid 500,000 Mora today! Here's your Mora, hahahahaha...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 23.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Thank you so much! Uh... Master Arataki, what's wrong?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 20.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Doushin Arataki stretches out his hand &mdash; but wait! Just as he is about to hand over the check to Miss Etsu, he hesitates, tightly pinching one end of the check betwixt his two fingers!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 21.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' All he needs to do now is release the check, and it will fall into Miss Etsu's eager hands... but let go of the check he does not!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 24.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Master Arataki, let go...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 32.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Wait, wait... something's not right...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 22.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Doushin Arataki is having second thoughts! Has something caught his attention? Has it aroused his suspicion? Has he finally realized the truth!?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 33.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Um, so... This is an anti-fraud show, right?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 25.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' Huh...?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 iba 13.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Ahem...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 23.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' A spark of intuition bursts to life in Doushin Arataki's mind!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 34.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Since this is an anti-fraud event, I have a question...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 24.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Is he about to ask the most critical question of all?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 35.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I gotta ask...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 25.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' This is it! Here it comes!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 36.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Does a Doushin really get paid this much?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 37.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' 500,000 Mora... enough to get an Electro Archon out from a hostage situation, then go pay for Miss Hina's publishing costs... You tellin' me the average Doushin can do all that on one pay packet?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 38.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I dunno... Seems pretty fishy to me... Hey, compadre! What do you think, am I being scammed here?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heizou! Itto's cheating! He asked for help!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 26.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' As the spark of intuition flickers and threatens to fade, Doushin Arataki clutches around in desperation, hoping to find a source of fuel to feed the flames of enlightenment!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 27.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' {{Traveler}}, are you going to help this poor man out of his predicament?
:{{DIcon}} Itto, keep an eye out for Etsu and Iba!
:;(Proceed to [[#Ending: Free Onikabuto Lunch|Ending: Free Onikabuto Lunch]])
:{{DIcon}} Itto, just follow your heart!
:;(Proceed to [[#Ending: The Three Undeceivables|Ending: The Three Undeceivables]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Ending: Free Onikabuto Lunch====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 39.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Aha! Etsu and Iba... So that's what's goin' on here!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 40.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You two are the scam artists! You put on this damsel-in-distress and elderly grandpa act to win my sympathy, then used a few cheap tricks to get my attention!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 41.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Then, you dangled the bait in front of me, waiting for me to bite... Darn it... I knew it! Who in their right mind would give away Onikabuto for free? Let alone 10,000 of 'em!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 42.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' It's too good to be true, and that's how I know you're the scam artists!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 43.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You got a lotta nerve trying to scam a Doushin! You're coming with me, and you'll give a full confession if you know what's good for you!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 28.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Finally, with the help of his intuition... and a little guidance from beyond the void, Doushin Arataki successfully avoided being defrauded.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 29.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Not only that, but he asked a critical question: "Who in their right mind would give away Onikabuto for free?"
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 30.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I ask you all, is there such a thing as free Onikabuto? Free Mora? Or... does nothing in life come for free?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 31.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Alright, remember, it takes years to make a fortune, but only a moment to lose it all to a scam artist! Thank you once again for watching "Heizou Talks Fraud"!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 32.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Stay alert, everybody &mdash; and see you again next time!
:'''Audience:''' *applause*
:{{Black Screen|The show ends on a high note with thunderous applause.}}
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 44.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So? How was my acting? I think I did just fine without a script! Those two would-be-scam-artists need to up their game if they wanna have a chance of taking me down!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, hello! Without that hint from {{Traveler}}, you would have handed that cash away without a second thought!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 45a.ogg}} {{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 45b.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Right, yeah, I should thank {{Traveler}} for the timely hint.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 46.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But I pretty much knew off the bat that something fishy was about to go down, so uhh... You know, it was just a matter of time before I saw right through their scam. Hahahahaha!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 47.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Seriously, oldest trick in the book, who's gonna fall for that?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 33.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Old tricks they may well be, but the reason they've stood the test of time is that the ideal victim is always out there somewhere.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 34.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' People who are behind on the times, naive, socially isolated, or have cognitive deficiencies... Just because they don't always get noticed doesn't mean they're not there.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 35.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Scammers cast a wide net. Sure, maybe 10,000 fish will escape, but they only need one catch for them to win and for us to lose.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 48.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Well, no more losing from now on! Not with me here to protect everyone! I think we can all agree that my performance today shows I'm savvy enough to keep the scammers at bay.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 36.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, don't be too confident... Anyway, Itto, my old, uh what was it again...? Ah yes, bro &mdash; here's the reward you were promised.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 49.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Music to my ears! Emperor Onikabuto, come to papa!
:{{Black Screen|Itto opens the box that Heizou handed to him.}}
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 50.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh-ho-ho! Look at those sharp horns, and those beautiful stripes... Hold on, Heizou, my hombre, why won't it move?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 51.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, bud, move! Oh no, I think this one might've, uh, joined the big beetle battle in the sky...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 37.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's a figurine, so not the moving kind.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 52.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What!? A figure!? So it's a fake!!!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 38.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Man alive, you seem a little surprised... Wait! You didn't actually think this was a real Onikabuto, did you?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 39.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' No, surely not... Itto, old chap, you must have seen from the photograph that it was a figurine? Don't tell me you didn't notice?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 40.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' ...Really?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 53.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Aaaah!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 54.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You little punk! Gimme my Emperor Onikabuto, now!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Free Onikabuto Lunch
|character       = Shikanoin Heizou
|act             = 1
|description     = Is there such a thing as free Onikabuto? Or does nothing in life come from free?
}}

====Ending: The Three Undeceivables====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 55.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Follow my heart? Alright then... There's no way a Doushin makes 500,000 Mora in a single pay packet.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 56.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Two innocent victims, Miss Etsu and Mr. Iba, come to a Doushin for help, and the Doushin, what, whips out a 500,000 Mora check? Yeah, a likely story.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 57.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' There's only one possible explanation... Who's got two horns and carries around a fake checkbook? Yep, this guy!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 58.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' With this fake check for 500,000 Mora, I almost swindled Etsu and Iba out of 10,000 Onikabuto &mdash; the last thing these poor folks needed after the recent string of catastrophes they've faced!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 59.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' My mind is blown! Craziest plot twist I ever heard... the criminal was the main character all along...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 60.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Miss Etsu, I'm afraid I can't let myself give you this fake check. But I will do everything in my power to raise 500,000 genuine Mora for you. So don't you worry!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 etsu 26.ogg}} '''Etsu:''' What the...!?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 iba 14.ogg}} '''Iba:''' Ahem...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, geez...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 41.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' In the end, Doushin Arataki listened to the voice of his heart and narrowly avoided being defrauded in his own, unconventional way.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 42.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But regrettably, he failed to ask the critical question: "Who in their right mind would give away Onikabuto for free?"
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 43.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I ask you all, is there such a thing as free Onikabuto? Free Mora? Or... does nothing in life come for free?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 44.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Thank you all for watching "Heizou Talks Fraud."
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 45.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Don't get greedy and you won't be needy, stay alert and you won't get hurt! You never know where scammers may lurk. See you all next time!
:'''Audience:''' *applause*
:{{Black Screen|The show ends on a high note with thunderous applause.}}
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 61.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Wait... My man, what did you mean when you said I avoided being defrauded? I thought I was the fraudmeister here!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe someone should've read the script! Miss Etsu and Master Iba were the scam artists, duh! You were the one they were trying to scam.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 62.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What? Huh!? I was being conned?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 63.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Darn, I can't believe they got me...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 46.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well, you still managed to protect your money. In the end, they didn't succeed.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 64.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yeah, but... that was a happy coincidence. They scammed me, and I fell for it.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guessing it wasn't your first time either, huh?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 65.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ugh, and it was such a cheap trick, too! Argh, this is killing me...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 47.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' This trick is a common one for a reason. But don't underestimate it &mdash; that's how you end up being a victim.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 66.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But how am I gonna protect my gang if even I get fooled by such cheap tricks?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 48.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Don't blame yourself, old chap. In fact, you know what? I was also conned today. Yeah, me, of all people. Does that make you feel better?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 67.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You too, hombre? No way... that's impossible, you're just trying to cheer me up.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 49.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh n&mdash;no, it's the truth, please, just take a look at the present I got for you.
:{{Black Screen|Itto opens the box that Heizou handed to him.}}
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 68.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Wait... Why can't it move?
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 50.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' That's just it... I'm sorry to say, it's just a figurine.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 69.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What? A figure!? You mean... it's a fake!!!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 51.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Yeah, and it's all my fault. I was duped by the Onikabuto vendor's false advertising. What a colossal fool I am! Taken in by a common street vendor! Argh!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 70.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So you really were conned! Dude... Let me take a second to let that sink in...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 71.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Gotta say, although I didn't get my Emperor Onikabuto, somehow, knowing that even Heizou got conned kinda puts me back in a good mood... it's strange...
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 72.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Maybe I'm sharper than I'm giving myself credit for! Great minds think alike, so uh, me and my hombre here &mdash; kinda equally matched! Hehehehe, hahahahahaha!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 73.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' By the way, compadre, it looks like you're the only one out of the three of us who didn't get conned today.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 74.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But you'd better watch out. We got fooled, not because we were stupid, but because those scam artists are some crafty dastards!
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 75.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I want you to have this figurine, as a reminder of the fact that today, Heizou and I both got conned, but we both grew a little wiser, too.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 itto 76.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I hope that whenever you see it, you'll remember how cunning those con artists were, and how difficult it was for Heizou and I to see through their schemes. Then, you'll always keep your wits about you, and you'll never become a victim yourself.
:{{A|vo lyycop001 1905704 heizou 52.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Yeap, that's right! No one'll ever manage to con you!
;(Obtain furnishing {{Item|Fabled Emperor Onikabuto}})
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = The Three Undeceivables
|character       = Shikanoin Heizou
|act             = 1
|description     = "One of us has been tricked, but it isn't me."<br>"It's not me either."<br>"It can't be me, right? I mean are you kidding? Aaaand that just leaves our little Flying Lavender Melon. Ah-haha!"
}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Heizou Talks Fraud
|zhs       = 
|zhs_rm    = "L Shu Zhpin"
|zht       = 
|zht_rm    = "L Shu Zhpin"
|zh_tl     = "Deer Talks Fraud"
|ja        = 
|ja_rm     = "Shikanoin no Sagi Boushi Gekijou"{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl     = "Shikanoin's Fraud Prevention Theatre"
|ko        =   
|ko_tl     = "Fraud Prevention Theater"
|es        = La vida del estafador
|es_tl     = "The Life of the Scammer"
|fr        = L'action anti-fraude
|fr_tl     = The Anti-Fraud Action
|ru        =    
|ru_tl     = "Shikanoin Talks About Swindlers"
|th        = ""
|th_rm     = Toh Pai Mai Kong
|th_tl     = "Growing Good"
|vi        = Din Thuyt La o
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Shikanoin erklrt den Betrug
|de_tl     = "Shikanoin Explains the Fraud"
|id        = Anti Tipu-Tipu: Anda Bertanya Heizou Menjawab
|id_tl     = No Cheating: You Ask, Heizou Answers
|pt        = "Heizou Fala Sobre Fraudes"
|pt_tl     = "Heizou Talks About Fraud"
|tr        = Heizou ile Dolandrclk nlemleri
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Heizou contro le frodi
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}