{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70700
|image         = NPC Helen Thumb.png
|type          = Request
|region        = Mondstadt
|description   = [[Helen]] from Mondstadt needs ten [[Sweet Flower]]s.
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Helen; Traveler
|rep           = Mondstadt
|mora          = 20,000
}}
'''Blend''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]]. It shows up on the Requests board as '''Request from Helen'''.

==Steps==
# Give ten [[Sweet Flower]]s to [[Helen]]
# Talk to Helen
#*If the player gave the Sweet Flowers to Helen by climbing the wall, they must stand on the balcony to talk to her

==Request Details==
Help Needed:<br />
I've been singing too much recently, and my throat hurts...<br />
I've heard that tea brewed using Sweet Flowers is good for your throat.<br />
If anyone's willing to help, please collect {{Color|buzzword|ten Sweet Flowers}} and bring them to me.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(While talking to Helen)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About those Sweet Flowers...
:'''Helen:''' Oh, did you see the commission I put up? Finally, someone willing to help.
:'''Helen:''' Have you gathered the ten Sweet Flowers?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here they are.
:;(After submitting the flowers)
::'''Helen:''' Thank you so much. Please take this as thanks for your help.
::'''Helen:''' I'll use them to brew some tea. Hopefully, that'll do my throat some good...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Helen:''' Okay... Once you've gathered them all, could you pass them to me quickly? I fear that my throat's getting worse by the minute...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Helen's Special Blend
|zhs     = 海伦的特效润喉茶
|zhs_rm  = Hǎilún de Tèxiào Rùnhóu Chá
|zht     = 海倫的特效潤喉茶
|zht_rm  = Hǎilún de Tèxiào Rùnhóu Chá
|zh_tl   = Helen's Special Tea for Throat Care
|ja      = ヘレンの喉ケア特効茶
|ja_rm   = Heren no Nodo Kea Tokkou Cha
|ja_tl   = Helen's Very Efficient Tea for Throat Care
|ko      = 헬렌의 목관리 특효차
|ko_rm   = Hellen-ui Mokgwanri Teukhyocha
|ko_tl   = Helen's Special Efficacy Tea for Throat Care
|es      = Té especial de Helen
|es_tl   = Helen's Special Tea
|fr      = Le thé spécial d'Hélène
|fr_tl   = The Special Tea of Helen
|ru      = Особый чай для Хелен
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ชาชุ่มคอสูตรพิเศษของ Helen
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trà nhuận hầu đặc biệt của Helen
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Helens Spezialmischung
|de_tl   = Helen's Special Blend
|id      = Racikan Spesial Helen
|id_tl   = Helen's Special Blend
|pt      = Mistura Especial de Helen
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[pt-br:Mistura Especial de Helen]]