{{Chapter Infobox
|image  = World Quest Behold, the Sign Comes Like A Thief....png
|type   = World
|region = Sumeru
|prev   = Apocalypse Lost
}}
'''Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...''' is a [[World Quest]] Series. The player must complete [[Rejoice With Me, for What Was Lost Is Now Found|Rejoice With Me, For What Was Lost Is Now Found]] and [[Apocalypse Lost]] to start this series.

It was released in [[Version 3.4]] on 2023-02-06 at 04:00:00.<ref>[https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/105081 "The Exquisite Night Chimes" Version 3.4 Update Details]</ref>

==Quests==
# [[Behold, the Sign Comes Like A Thief...]]
# [[Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields...]]
# [[For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...]]

==Summary==
[[Yuften]] asks the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] to investigate the mysterious disappearance of a supply caravan, suspecting that the caravan might have been raided by bandits. When the Traveler get to the indicated location, they find traces of items that belonged to the caravan. Following the suspicious trail of items, the Traveler and Paimon discuss that perhaps they are being lured into a trap, when suddenly a group of Eremites ambushes them, claiming that they were sent by [[Jeht]] to assassinate them. After defeating the assassins, the Traveler and Paimon return to Yuften, reporting what they experienced. Yuften then tells them to report this to the matriarch [[Babel]], which they do.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Behold, the Sign Comes Like A Thief...}}</ref>

The next day, Babel suddenly claims that Jeht has colluded with the Fatui, and is planning to assassinate the Traveler. She sends the Traveler and Paimon to go and investigate this potential betrayal and to bring Jeht back. During their investigation, the Traveler and Paimon clear out several Fatui camps and find several reports, which suggest that Jeht was actually kidnapped by force and not colluding with the Fatui. A Fatui member by the name of [[Orest]] seems to back-up these claims. <ref>{{Ref/Quest|Make Bright the Arrows, Gather the Shields...}}</ref>

The Traveler and Paimon push onwards to find Jeht. When they do, Jeht suddenly forces them to fight, claiming that they had betrayed her. After defeating and calming her down, assassins from the Tanit ambush the group, although Jeht and the Traveler swiftly defeat them. Afterwards, the Traveler and Jeht discuss the situation between themselves in order to get a clearer picture of goings on; Jeht claims that Babel told her that the Traveler had joined the Fatui, while the Traveler was told the same thing about Jeht. They come to the conclusion that Babel was the true culprit behind all of this, and decide to confront her.<ref name=":0">{{Ref/Quest|For Her Judgment Reaches to the Skies...}}</ref>

When they reach the [[Tanit Camps]], Babel awaits them at the entrance. Jeht confronts Babel, and she shows her true colors. Babel claims that she wishes for control over the [[The Orchard of Pairidaeza|Eternal Oasis]] for the Tanit tribe, and to be able to gain power that is able to topple [[Sumeru]]. To do that, she needs to kill the Traveler, so she can become the master of the Jinni [[Liloupar]] and she desires Jeht to become her successor. Babel tries to persuade Jeht, but she becomes enraged by this, saying that her true mother is [[Ufairah]], not Babel and that she is no longer loyal to the Tanit tribe. Jeht and the Traveler then fight the forces of the Tanit tribe, until they defeat Babel herself. When Babel asks why Jeht would refuse to stay loyal to the Tanit, she replies that because the Traveler is her best friend, she refuses to kill them. Babel admits that when Jeht was ordered to kill the Traveler but she refused, Babel had already planned to get rid of Jeht then. Disgusted, Jeht deals the final blow, and kills Babel.<ref name=":0" />

Jeht, the Traveler and Paimon leave the now empty and deserted Tanit Camps. Jeht claims that she's now homeless again, but the Traveler explains that she is actually freed, not tied down to any tribe, able to wander the world and belong to wherever she wants to belong. Taking this advice, Jeht leaves, with [[Benben]] following her.<ref name=":0" />

==Total Series Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|type = Quest
|Adventure EXP = 950
|Primogem = 120
|Hero's Wit = 8
|Mora = 75,000
|Mystic Enhancement Ore = 9
|sort = Adventure EXP,Primogem,Hero's Wit,Mora,Mystic Enhancement Ore
}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*Like the other quests and Achievements in the series, the World Quest Series name has biblical origins. The quotes come from passages about the fall of {{w|Babylon}}, called Babel in the Hebrew Bible.
**The verse referenced here is {{w|Jeremiah 51|Jeremiah 51:55}} (New International Version): ''The Lord will destroy Babylon; he will silence her noisy din. Waves of enemies will rage like great waters; the roar of their voices will resound.''

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Her Foes Rage Like Great Waters...
|zhs     = 仇敌仿佛众水翻腾…
|zhs_rm  = Chóudí Fǎngfú Zhòngshuǐ Fānténg...
|zht     = 仇敵彷彿眾水翻騰…
|zht_rm  = Chóudí Fǎngfú Zhòngshuǐ Fānténg...
|zh_tl   = Foes Rage Like Boiling Waters...
|ja      = 仇敵は沸き返る水の如く…
|ja_rm   = Kyuuteki wa Wakikaeru Mizu no Gotoku...
|ja_tl   = Foes Rage Like Boiling Waters...
|ko      = 파도처럼 들이닥친 원수…
|ko_tl   = Foes Who Rushed In Like a Wave...
|es      = Enemigos como torrentes de agua
|es_tl   = Enemies Like Water Torrents
|fr      = Des ennemis comme l'océan tumultueux...
|fr_tl   = Enemies Like the Tumultuous Ocean...
|ru      = Её враги бушуют, словно волны...
|ru_tl   = Her Enemies Rage Like Waves...
|th      = ศัตรูเดือดดาลราวสายน้ำเชี่ยวกราก...
|th_rm   = Sattru Dueatdan Rao Sainam Chiao Krak...
|th_tl   = Enemies Boil like A Turbulent Stream...
|vi      = Kẻ Địch Cuộn Trào Như Nước Sôi...
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Vor Wut kochende Feinde ...
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Musuh Mengamuk Seperti Badai Berkecamuk ....
|id_tl   = The Enemy Is Raging Like a Raging Storm....
|pt      = Seus inimigos se enfurecem como torrentes...
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Düşmanları Azgın Sular Gibi Kızgın...
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = I suoi nemici infuriano come acque impetuose
|it_tl   = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[es:Enemigos como torrentes de agua]]