{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71701; 71702; 71703; 71704
|image         = Herbalist Gui Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|characters    = Herbalist Gui; Traveler
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Liyue
}}
'''''Herbalist's Forage''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
#Give [[Herbalist Gui]] three [[Violetgrass]] / three [[Qingxin]] / ten [[Mint]]s / ten [[Sweet Flower]]s

==Request Details==
===Violetgrass Request===
Help Needed:<br>
Due to the recent and sudden onset of storm, our herb storage has taken some water damage, and some of our Violetgrass has been rendered unusable...<br>
The Violetgrass that we purchased is still on the way, but I'd like to have some in stock in case of any medical emergencies.<br>
If anyone is willing to assist us, please bring {{Color|buzzword|three Violetgrass}} to us.

===Qingxin Request===
Help needed:<br>
Because of the recent inconstant weather, Bubu Pharmacy has been seeing more and more patients each day.<br>
Many of them suffer from small maladies such as sore throats and headaches, but there are too many of them, and we are slowly running low on herbs.<br>
We would be most grateful if a willing soul could gather {{Color|buzzword|three Qingxin flowers}} on our behalf.

===Mint Request===
Help needed:<br>
Too many people have been developing sore throats lately, and we're all out of Mint as a result.<br>
It's a very mundane herb, yes, but we can't get so many on such short notice.<br>
If anyone doesn't mind helping out, please bring us {{Color|buzzword|ten Mints}}.

===Sweet Flower Request===
Help needed:<br>
Lately, there have been many children who have been falling ill. Their maladies are minor, but we're running low on Sweet Flowers as a result....<br>
I mean, they say that "good medicine tastes bitter," yes, but you try convincing the kids of that...<br>
If anyone is willing to lend us a hand, please gather {{Color|buzzword|ten Sweet Flowers}} and bring them to us.
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Liyue Harbor]]'s [[Herbalist Gui]] needs three [[Violetgrass]] / three [[Qingxin]] / ten [[Mint]]s / ten [[Sweet Flower]]s.}}
===Violetgrass===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talking to Herbalist Gui)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Violetgrass...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Ah, you must've seen my commission. You've come just in time, can you find me three Violetgrass?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here they are.
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' Let me see... Yes, this Violetgrass will do nicely.
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' Here, these are for you. Thanks for your help.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' Please remember to bring them back as soon as you've found them.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Qingxin===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talking to Herbalist Gui)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Qingxin...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Ah yes, you must've seen my commission then. I'm happy someone has finally turned up to help.
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' So, how goes the search for those three Qingxin flowers? Have you got them yet?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here they are.
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' Not bad, these Qingxin flowers will do just fine. Thanks a lot. Here, take these.
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' I'll get these Qingxin flowers delivered right away. We have patients depending on it to get better.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' Just remember to bring them back to me once you've gathered them. We've got medicine to make and people to cure.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Mint===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talking to Herbalist Gui)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Mint...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Hmm? Oh yes, you must've seen the commission I posted. Have you gathered the ten Mint leaves yet?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yes, I have them right here.
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' Ah yes, the Mint. Let's see... Right, this should be enough.
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' Here, these are for you. Thanks again for your help.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' Bring the Mint leaves back to me as soon as you've gathered them.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Sweet Flower===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talking to Herbalist Gui)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About those Sweet Flowers...
:'''Herbalist Gui:''' Oh yes, the commission I posted. Have you already collected ten Sweet Flowers?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Here they are.
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' Let me have a look at what you brought. Hmm... Yes, these will do just fine..
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' These are for you. Thanks for your help.
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' Let's just hope those kids stay out of trouble from now on.
:{{DIcon}} Not yet...
::'''Herbalist Gui:''' Bring the Sweet Flowers straight to me as soon as you've gathered them. I'm afraid the kids can't wait any longer.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Herbalist's Forage
|zhs     = 阿桂的药材需求
|zhs_rm  = Ā Guì de Yàocái Xūqiú
|zht     = 阿桂的藥材需求
|zht_rm  = Ā Guì de Yàocái Xūqiú
|zh_tl   = {{Lex|Herbalist Gui|zh}}'s Medicine Needs
|ja      = 桂の薬材のリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Katsura no Kusuri no Rikuesuto
|ja_tl   = {{Lex|Herbalist Gui|ja}}'s Medicine Request
|ko      = 아규의 약재 의뢰
|ko_rm   = A Gyu-ui Yakjae Uiroe
|ko_tl   = {{Lex|Herbalist Gui|ko}}'s Medicinal Stuffs Request
|es      = Hierbas medicinales para el Herborista Gui
|es_tl   = Medicinal Herbs for Herbalist Gui
|fr      = Herboriste en détresse
|fr_tl   = Herbalist in Distress
|ru      = Лекарства для травника Гуя
|ru_tl   = Medicine for Herbalist Gui
|th      = การสรรหาสมุนไพรของนักสมุนไพร Gui
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nguyên liệu thuốc Gui cần
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Guis Bitte um Kräuter
|de_tl   = Gui's Request for Herbs
|id      = Permintaan dari Tukang Obat Herbal
|id_tl   = Request from the Herbalist
|pt      = Pedido de Materiais do Herborista Gui
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Otacının İhtiyacı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ingredienti per l'erborista
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[ja:桂の薬材のリクエスト]]