{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Herbal Remedies
|image             = Herbal Remedies.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-04-27 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-05-03 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/111225
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20230427baizhu-eyecio/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Baizhu;Changsheng;Uncle Tian;Master Lu;Hongdou;Shenhe;Xiangling;Yun Jin;Keqing;Xinyan;Xiao;Yelan;Ningguang;Yanfei;Qiqi
}}
{{Description|I hope that one day, birds would be the only visitors of [[Bubu Pharmacy]]. If that were to happen, I would know that all is well and everyone is healthy.}}
'''Herbal Remedies''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.6]].

==Event Duration==
April 27, 2023 12:00 &ndash; May 3, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
* [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, follow the prescriptions' instructions and finish the medicinal brews. Upon completion, you will receive in-game items as rewards.

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, follow [[Baizhu]]'s prescriptions and place the proper ingredients into the pot. Complete 3 brewing missions to get in-game items as rewards.
# Ingredients placed into the brewing pot cannot be retrieved. After placing a type of ingredient in the pot, the amount that has been placed will be displayed under that medicinal ingredient. Should you fail the brewing process, completing event-specific missions can get you prescription hints.
# Each medicinal brew requires 5 medicinal ingredients, and after you place them in the pot, select the ladle to begin the brewing.
# After the 3 brewing missions are completed, share the event to get the event wallpaper.
# Aside from the 3 brewable prescriptions in the event, the assortment of ingredients might also unlock interesting Easter egg medicines and curatives when paired together. We welcome Travelers to experiment and see what they can find.

==In-Game Rewards==
After completing 3 brewing missions, Travelers can obtain in-game rewards, such as [[Primogem]]s and [[Character Ascension Material]]s.
{|class="article-table
!Mission
!Rewards
|-
|Complete Uncle Tian and Master Lu's brews
|{{Card|Mora|20,000|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2|show_caption=1}}
|-
|Complete Uncle Tian, Master Lu, and Hongdou's brews
|{{Card|Primogem|40|show_caption=1}}{{Card|Nagadus Emerald Fragment|3|show_caption=1}}
|-
|Share Qiqi's flier
|Wallpaper
|}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please claim it in time.
# After completing 3 brewing missions, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.

The medicines, prescriptions, and medicinal properties in this event are works of fiction, and for entertainment purposes only.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Herbal Remedies
|zhs       = 百草入药
|zhs_rm    = Bǎicǎo Rùyào
|zht       = 百草入藥
|zht_rm    = Bǎicǎo Rùyào
|zh_tl     = 
|ja        = 百草皆薬
|ja_rm     = Hyakusou Kaiyaku{{assumed}}
|ja_tl     = 
|ko        = 명의<->의 처방
|ko_tl     = A Skilled Doctor's Prescription
|es        = Remedios de herbolario
|es_tl     = Herbalist's Remedies
|fr        = Remèdes en tout genre
|fr_tl     = Remedies of All Kind
|ru        = Лекарства и травы
|ru_tl     = Remedies and Herbs
|th        = ร้อยตำรับโอสถ
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Thảo Dược Làm Thuốc
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Heilkräuter
|de_tl     = Medicinal Herbs
|id        = Tanaman Obat Mujarab
|id_tl     = Potent Medicinal Plants
|pt        = Remédios Herbais
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Bitkisel Tedaviler
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Rimedi erboristici
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[es:Remedios de herbolario]]
[[fr:Remèdes en tout genre (événement)]]
[[pt-br:Remédios Herbais]]
[[ru:Лекарства и травы]]