{{Chapter Infobox
|type            = World
|image           = Hereafter.PNG
|region          = Liyue
}}
'''Hereafter''' is a series of [[World Quests]] in [[Liyue]] that becomes available upon completing [[Xiao]]'s Story Quest [[Alatus Chapter]], Act I. It involves helping [[Wang Ping'an]] with the restoration of the [[Pervases]]' Temple via miscellaneous daily tasks.

Each following quest in this series require the daily reset to pass before the next can be accepted.

==Quests==
* [[Hereafter: The Trail of Pervases]]
* [[Hereafter: All is Well]]
* [[Hereafter: Return to the Mountains]]

==Summary==
As the Traveler and Paimon walk by [[Wanmin Restaurant]], they smell the aroma of [[Grilled Tiger Fish]] and decide to buy some. The Traveler buys three servings and Paimon wonders who's the third serving for. The Traveler had thought of [[Pervases]] and decided to buy another serving and go pay their respects. Paimon hopes the statue of Pervases hasn't been defaced as the temple was in a pretty sad state with Treasure Hoarders nearby the last time they were there.

As they approach the temple, they see [[Xiao]] nearby. Paimon wonders out loud why no one maintains the temple even though the Yakshas are heroes who defended [[Liyue Harbor]]. Xiao goes silent and Paimon wonders if he's angry but he says that they did not perform their duty for recognition. They then hear someone calling for help so Xiao and the Traveler go to assist. After defeating the enemies, they find the person under attack was [[Wang Ping'an]], previously known to them as "Starsnatcher." Wang Ping'an had turned a new leaf and was on his way to restore Pervases's temple. Xiao leaves and the Traveler and Wang Ping'an head to the temple to continue their discussion about the temple. Paimon and Traveler wonder if Wang Ping'an was actually being genuine and so Wang Ping'an tells them to come back after work has started to see he has indeed changed.

----

The Traveler returns to the temple later and find that Wang Ping'an has brought some workers and are making good progress on the temple. The [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]] got wind of what was going on and posted some Millelith to guard the temple throughout the construction. Although the Millelith are guarding the construction site, Wang Ping'an is worried that material deliveries might get attacked by nearby Treasure Hoarders and asks the Traveler to handle them. The Traveler swiftly defeats the Treasure Hoarders and they ask what they did to offend the Traveler. So the Traveler informs them they are renovating a Yaksha's temple. The Treasure Hoarders did not know the dilapidated temple was for an Adeptus and promise not to mess with the temple lest the Adepti judge them. After reporting back to Wang Ping'an, the Traveler is thanked and is asked to gather some Sandbearer Wood next. Wang Ping'an tells the Traveler that construction will take some more time and to come back in some time.

----

When returning to the temple again, the Traveler finds the construction has finished and the temple fully repaired. Wang Ping'an asks the Traveler if they'd like to offer some incense and so the Traveler lights some incense at the censer. Wang Ping'an tells the Traveler that he will remain at the temple as he compiles his book about the [[Xiao|Vigilant Yaksha]] and welcomes the Traveler to drop by anytime to offer incense.

==Total Series Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|type = Quest
|Adventure EXP = 150
|Mora = 30,000
|Liyue Reputation EXP = 60
|Hero's Wit = 3
|sort = Adventure EXP,Liyue Reputation EXP,Hero's Wit,Mora
}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/cwFdPnHfmEw
|caption1 = Hereafter: The Trail of Pervases Guide

|video2   = https://youtu.be/_ehYaVjEccg
|caption2 = Hereafter: All is Well Guide

|video3   = https://youtu.be/xcBeAE3Tab8
|caption3 = Hereafter: Return to the Mountains Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hereafter
|zhs     = 身后事
|zhs_rm  = Shēnhòu Shì
|zht     = 身後事
|zht_rm  = Shēnhòu Shì
|zh_tl   = Hereafter Matters
|ja      = 死後の事
|ja_rm   = Shigo no Koto
|ja_tl   = Posthumous Matters
|ko      = 후일
|ko_rm   = Hu'il
|ko_tl   = Hereafter
|es      = A título póstumo
|es_tl   = Posthumous
|fr      = Au-delà
|fr_tl   = Hereafter
|ru      = Дела загробные
|ru_tl   = Afterlife Matters
|th      = เรื่องราวหลังการจากไป
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chuyện Sau Này
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Hernach
|de_tl   = Hereafter
|id      = Setelah Kematian
|id_tl   = After Death
|pt      = Póstumo
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

[[Category:Daily Quests]]

[[es:A título póstumo]]
[[pt-br:Póstumo]]