{{About|the World Quest in Fontaine|World Quest series in Liyue|Hereafter}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74028
|image         = World Quest Hereafter.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Unfinished Comedy
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Caterpillar; Earnshaw; Lanoire; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = 
|prev          = An Eye for an Eye
|next          = Initial Facts
|next2         = Riddles Awaiting Answers
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*150;Primogem*20;Mora*20,000
|rep           = Fontaine
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 571
|repTitle      = Caterpillar's Story: Prologue
}}
'''''Hereafter...''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Court of Fontaine Region]], [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
# Meet up with Lanoire and Caterpillar
# Bring Lanoire back to her family
# Talk to Caterpillar

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Quest Description|You finally freed Lanoire from the Fortress of Meropide. It's time to get her back to her real home now.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{Black Screen|You follow Caterpillar's directions to a secret path leading out of Fortress Meropide...}}
:'''Paimon:''' We're finally out! The air outside is so fresh...
:'''Caterpillar:''' Lanoire's family lives at the foot of the mountains to the southeast, in a mansion with a garden full of purple flowers... It should be pretty easy to spot.
:'''Caterpillar:''' There's something else I want to talk about... but let's wait until we're closer.

;(Approach Earnshaw, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' There's something else Caterpillar wants to say. Let's go hear what he has to say and then come back.

;(Talk to Earnshaw, optional, if ''[[Upon a Flowery Field of Grass]]'' has been completed)
:'''Earnshaw:''' You must be... {{Traveler}} and Paimon, right?
:'''Paimon:''' That's us! We've got something very important to tell you, Earnshaw. But... let's talk about it later!
:'''Earnshaw:''' Just what kind of information is that mysterious... Fine, later it is.

;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Caterpillar:''' Look, that's your real home over there. It's just like Agnes described &mdash; at the breezy foothills of a mountain, upon a flowery field of grass.
:'''Lanoire:''' That's it...? It's just like Mom said...
:'''Caterpillar:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon. Why don't you take Lanoire there?
:'''Lanoire:''' What about you, Cater? Aren't you coming with us?
:'''Caterpillar:''' I'm feeling pretty tired, so I'll rest up here for a while. I'll catch up with you later.
:'''Lanoire:''' Then I'll stay with you. Once you're all rested up, we can go together.
:'''Lanoire:''' {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}} and Ms. Paimon must be tired, too. It's a shame Bran and Mr. Wolsey aren't here...
:'''Lanoire:''' ...I kinda wanna go back.
:'''Paimon:''' Back where?
:'''Lanoire:''' Back to Meropide, of course!
:{{DIcon}} The Fortress of Meropide isn't your home.
:{{DIcon}} Going back now probably wouldn't be a great idea.
::'''Paimon:''' That's right, getting out of there wasn't easy... Plus, if we go back now, Paimon thinks it would be bad news for Estienne and the others.
:'''Paimon:''' Don't you want to go back to your real home, Lanoire? Look, you can see it from here. We just have to go over there, and we'll have reached the end of our adventure.
;(If ''Upon a Flowery Field of Grass'' has been completed)
::'''Paimon:''' And speaking of which, Paimon thinks we've met your family before. Now that she thinks about it, a lot of the details add up.
::{{Black Screen|You explain how you helped Earnshaw find Prince, Princess, and Hero before...}}
::'''Paimon:''' Earnshaw's Tasses Ragout is soooo tasty! You're gonna love it, Lanoire!
::'''Caterpillar:''' It's just like Agnes said... Look, Lanoire, there's nothing to worry about. Go home, I know Earnshaw will take good care of you.
;(If ''Upon a Flowery Field of Grass'' has not been completed)
::'''Caterpillar:''' A kind man named Earnshaw lives in that cabin. He's your family, Lanoire.
::'''Caterpillar:''' Look, Lanoire, there's nothing to worry about. Go home, I know Earnshaw will take good care of you.
:'''Lanoire:''' Will you go with me then, Cater? After you've rested?
:'''Caterpillar:''' Lanoire...
:'''Caterpillar:''' Lanoire, everyone has somewhere they should return to. You should go back to your real home, and I have somewhere I should go, too.
:'''Lanoire:''' Then... Then will we see each other again? At the end of the story, the characters in it all disappear... I don't think they see each other again...
:'''Caterpillar:''' Of course we will. Your adventure is only just beginning, there's still a whole wide world out there for you to explore.
:'''Caterpillar:''' This is just a temporary goodbye. We'll see each other again.
:'''Lanoire:''' Really? Really, really? I know you've never lied to me before, but...
:'''Caterpillar:''' Let me tell you a story, Lanoire.
:'''Caterpillar:''' Long, long ago... There was a mage's apprentice. He was a dim-witted apprentice, so it took him far more time than the others to learn the language of magic.
:'''Caterpillar:''' But his teacher, who was an amazing mage, wasn't the least bit concerned. On the contrary, he heaped praise on his apprentice's progress, and even entrusted him with important tasks...
:'''Caterpillar:''' The apprentice never doubted his teacher's instructions. After all, he was a great mage who taught him the language of magic.
:'''Caterpillar:''' The mage had a basin in his workshop. Actually, you could call it a fish bowl, as he kept a little fish in it.
:'''Caterpillar:''' One day, the little fish called out to the apprentice: "Hey, you over there! Nitwit! Help me out."
:'''Caterpillar:''' The apprentice was taken aback. Apart from the great mage, nobody, or no creature even, would make conversation with him like that. So, this piqued his curiosity and he asked how he could help.
:'''Caterpillar:''' As it turned out, this little fish used to live in the vast and boundless sea. By being brought here, it had been separated from its family. It had tried to ask others for help, but none had responded to it.
:'''Caterpillar:''' "I'd like to bring you home, but my teacher has forbidden me from going out..." the apprentice said. Hearing this, the little fish swam crestfallen to the other side of the basin, saying nothing further to the apprentice.
:'''Caterpillar:''' Then one day, the apprentice discovered that the little fish was no longer in the basin. Who took it away? Did they bring it home? The apprentice couldn't help but wonder.
:'''Caterpillar:''' Without the little fish, the basin was now completely empty. Just what sort of place is the "vast and boundless sea"? Before he realized it, the apprentice's thoughts had drifted to the world outside the workshop...
:'''Lanoire:''' And then what? I bet the mage's apprentice leaves the workshop!
:'''Lanoire:''' But the little fish... Did it go back to its home? The sea... That's a place with lots and lots of water, right? Does the apprentice find it?
:'''Caterpillar:''' I'll tell you the rest of the story next time.
:'''Lanoire:''' Awww!
:'''Caterpillar:''' Only listening to my stories can't be that much fun.
:'''Caterpillar:''' The next time we meet, if you don't want to hear my stories anymore, you could tell me some of the stories you hear from Earnshaw.
:'''Caterpillar:''' I think he'll have many stories he'd like to share with you.
:'''Lanoire:''' Well... then... the next time we meet, I'll be sure to have lots and lots of amazing stories to tell you...
:'''Caterpillar:''' I look forward to hearing them, too.
:'''Caterpillar:''' For now, it's time for you to go home, Lanoire. This goodbye is only temporary, we'll see each other again.
:'''Lanoire:''' Okay... then... until next time, Cater!
:'''Lanoire:''' {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}, Ms. Paimon... Let's go!

;(Talk to Caterpillar, optional)
:'''Caterpillar:''' Please take Lanoire home.

;(Talk to Earnshaw)
;(If ''Upon a Flowery Field of Grass'' has been completed)
::'''Earnshaw:''' Oh! What are you kids doing here? And this young lady is...
::'''Earnshaw:''' Strange... She looks rather like...
::{{Black Screen|Together with Paimon, you describe to Earnshaw what you heard about Agnes from Caterpillar. As you speak, Lanoire supplements the tale with a few childish words of her own...}}
;(If ''Upon a Flowery Field of Grass'' has not been completed)
::'''Paimon:''' This should be it, right? Excuse me...
::'''Earnshaw:''' Yes? Are you hikers? How can I help you?
::'''Earnshaw:''' Strange... This kid looks a little like...
::'''Earnshaw:''' Hmm... Never mind. My eyes must be getting worse with age.
::'''Paimon:''' This may sound a little odd, but it's like this...
::{{Black Screen|Together with Paimon, you describe to the old man what you heard about Agnes from Caterpillar. As you speak, Lanoire supplements the tale with a few childish words of her own...}}
:'''Earnshaw:''' So that's what happened... That silly girl's already...
:'''Lanoire:''' Mother's not in Meropide. Is she not here either?
:'''Earnshaw:''' Yeah. She didn't like it here, so she left and never returned.
:'''Lanoire:''' Why? This place is full of things she likes!
:'''Lanoire:''' I recognized Prince, Princess, and Hero as soon as I saw them!
:'''Lanoire:''' Mom said that she was always very quick to change her mind, and she pestered her dad... Oh, I mean Grandpa, for ages until he finally agreed to get her puppies. She really liked dressing them up, but...
:'''Lanoire:''' But soon she had something else she became even more fond of, so she didn't get to watch them grow up.
:'''Lanoire:''' Why won't she come back? If she doesn't come back soon, I'm gonna grow up as well.
:{{DIcon}} She'll come back and see you grow up.
::'''Lanoire:''' Really? But I thought she wasn't coming back because she found something she liked more...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Lanoire:''' So is this place going to be my home from now on?
:'''Earnshaw:''' That's right, child. This place is your home now...
:'''Lanoire:''' Okay... Mm, I smell Tasses Ragout!
:'''Earnshaw:''' You can eat as much as you'd like.
:'''Lanoire:''' ...I'm back in my own home now. This way, I think Cater will be happy too.
:'''Earnshaw:''' "Cater"... Is he the one who took care of her? If it's alright, could you invite him to rest a while here at the cabin?
:{{DIcon}} He's got other things to take care of.
::'''Lanoire:''' That's right. He knows a lot, so lots of people go to him for help.
:{{DIcon}} He's kinda shy...
::'''Lanoire:''' When we were in Meropide, he was really good at hide-and-seek! Nobody could find him if he really wanted to hide.
::'''Paimon:''' Uh... He's quite shy, so he's watching us from a distance. As long as he knows Lanoire's home safe and sound, he'll be content.
:'''Earnshaw:''' Is that so? Well, that's a pity. Could you help me get a message to him then? No matter when, he will always be welcome here with open arms.
:'''Earnshaw:''' If you ever get the chance, invite him over to be our guest.
:{{DIcon}} We'll tell him.
:'''Paimon:''' Sure thing, leave it to us.
:'''Lanoire:''' Cater and I agreed that the next time we meet, I'm gonna tell many great stories to him...
:'''Earnshaw:''' Well, looks like we've got a lot of awesome stories to prepare, then. We can't be sharing stories with him that aren't at least a hundred times more incredible than his.
:'''Lanoire:''' ...Okay! A hundred times... Even Cater will be surprised!
:'''Earnshaw:''' We can reminisce about the old days while we drink tea and even enjoy some snacks...
:'''Paimon:''' You're finally back in your real home, Lanoire. You must be tired. We'll leave you to it for now.
:'''Lanoire:''' {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}, Ms. Paimon, are you guys leaving too?
:{{DIcon}} We've got our own adventures to go on.
:'''Lanoire:''' Okay then... When I grow a little older, can we go on adventures together? Oh, and Cater can come along as well!
:{{DIcon}} One day, perhaps.
:{{DIcon}} We can discuss it when you're older.
:'''Lanoire:''' Okay... Thank you, {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}} and Ms. Paimon. See you guys later!
:'''Earnshaw:''' You guys are leaving now? Thank you... Thank you guys... Safe journeys.

;(Talk to Earnshaw and Lanoire, optional)
;(If ''Upon a Flowery Field of Grass'' has been completed)
::'''Lanoire:''' It's too bad Cater isn't here! If he was, he could enjoy this with us too!
::'''Earnshaw:''' Even if Cater was here, you still wouldn't be allowed to drink any more Fonta today.
::'''Lanoire:''' Awww... But Cater said, you have to share with others to be even more happy!
::'''Earnshaw:''' I'm sure Cater also said not to have too much sugar and to brush your teeth after eating.
::'''Lanoire:''' Oh... He did mention that...
;(If ''Upon a Flowery Field of Grass'' has not been completed)
::'''Lanoire:''' So, this is the home I didn't know about that Cater talked about.
::'''Earnshaw:''' Welcome home, child. I'm just glad you're back...

;(Talk to Caterpillar)
:'''Paimon:''' Caterpillar... Wouldn't it be great to meet Grandpa Earnshaw and Lanoire right now? Are you sure about this?
:'''Caterpillar:''' She's returned to a normal world with her real family. For her, I'd say things couldn't have ended any better.
:'''Caterpillar:''' As for me... She'll forget about me in no time.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, don't say that! You should know that you mean a lot to her too. She definitely won't forget the promise you two made to each other.
:'''Paimon:''' If you really never see her again, she will be heartbroken...
:'''Caterpillar:''' She won't. Children tend to quickly forget both meetings and farewells. This is how they grow up.
:'''Caterpillar:''' I'm simply a character in a story &mdash; brave at times, yet also an evil monster at others...
:'''Caterpillar:''' Let this fantastical story be a memory consigned to her past. She has the real world now, one that's hundreds of times better than any fantasy narrative.
:'''Caterpillar:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, thank you.
:{{DIcon}} Don't mention it.
:{{DIcon}} About that payment...
::'''Caterpillar:''' Certainly. I will do what I can.
:'''Caterpillar:''' As I mentioned before, there are places better suited to retelling history, like the {{color|buzzword|Narzissenkreuz Ordo...}}
;(If the player has been to [[The Narzissenkreuz Ordo]])
::'''Paimon:''' Oh! We've been there before!
::'''Caterpillar:''' If so, that'll save us a lot of time trying to find the way there. Let's go.
::'''Paimon:''' Okay!
;(If the player has not been to The Narzissenkreuz Ordo)
::'''Paimon:''' Sounds like a very mysterious place... Where is it? How do we get there?
::'''Caterpillar:''' It is very mysterious indeed. The outside world has changed so much over the centuries... which is why you may need to seek out a new way to the Narzissenkreuz Ordo.
::'''Paimon:''' Aww, why does it have to be like that... Although, we are quite the adventurer duo, and we've been through it all! So {{sic|whereever<!--wherever-->}} this historical ruins or mysterious place may be, it won't be a problem for us!
::'''Paimon:''' We'll find it for sure!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hereafter...
|zhs     = 从此以后…
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 從此以後…
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = それから…
|ja_rm   = Sore kara...
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 그 후…
|ko_tl   = After That...
|es      = Y a partir de entonces...
|es_tl   = And Since Then...
|fr      = Et après ça...
|fr_tl   = And After That...
|ru      = С той поры...
|ru_tl   = Since That Time...
|th      = นับตั้งแต่นี้ไป...
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Từ Giờ Về Sau...
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Von jetzt an&nbsp;...
|de_tl   = From Now on&nbsp;...
|id      = Dan Setelah Itu&nbsp;....
|id_tl   = And After That&nbsp;....
|pt      = Daqui Em Diante...
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bundan Sonra...
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = D'ora in poi...
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}