{{Stub|Add information from {{Quest|Oathkeeper}}
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = NPC Hermanubis.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Great Red Sand
|affiliation2     = Temple of Silence
|title            = Greatest of Sages
|ancestry         = [[Tighnarians]]
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Hermanubis''' was a priest in the [[Great Red Sand]], [[Sumeru]] during [[King Deshret]]'s reign. He was known as the "greatest of sages" due to his wisdom.

Hermanubis' power continues to exist to this day, with [[Cyno]] as someone who suffered as a result of their power.<ref name="Riddle">{{Ref/Quest|A Riddle Amidst the Crowds}}</ref>

==Profile==
Little concrete information is known about Hermanubis beyond his status as a renowned priest and sage.<ref name="Riddle" /><ref>{{Ref/Book|The Lay of Al-Ahmar}}</ref> King Deshret picked Hermanubis "from among the [[Tighnarians]]" as one of his sages.<ref name="past">{{Ref/Quest|The Dead Past is the Living Present}}</ref> After the fall of King Deshret's civilization, Hermanubis took his followers to the city of [[Tulaytullah]], where they founded the [[Temple of Silence]]. There, they became stewards of knowledge regarding King Deshret's civilization until infighting among the Eremites led the king of [[Gurabad]] to besiege the city, demanding the Temple of Silence as proof of his victory. The ruling elite of Tulaytullah betrayed the Temple. In order to protect his followers, Hermanubis shattered himself into many pieces, imbuing his followers with his power and repelling the invaders. However, they were subsequently ostracized and constantly moved for their own protection, eventually constructing a large temple near [[Thamud Oasis]].

Hermanubis' power would seemingly falter in the years to come, though fragments of his power &mdash; known as Ba Fragments, still existed. Prior to the Traveler's arrival, two of these fragments were in custody of the Temple of Silence, and its leader, [[Bamoun]], had them implanted into Cyno and his adoptive grandson [[Sethos]]. [[Cyrus (Sumeru)|Cyrus]] would later take Cyno with him to the Akademiya.

<!--
While it has not been explained in detail, Cyno's Pactsworn Pathclearer state during his Elemental Burst, [[Sacred Rite: Wolf's Swiftness]], allows a divine spirit to indwell him.<ref>{{Ref/Talent|Sacred Rite: Wolf's Swiftness|quote=Calls upon a divine spirit to indwell him, morphing into the Pactsworn Pathclearer.}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/VO|Cyno|About the Vision}}</ref> This may relate to Hermanubis' power, which once brought Cyno great suffering.<ref name="Riddle" />
-->
Some people from [[Sumeru Akademiya]] believe that Cyno is King Deshret's descendant, raised in a temple by an Hermanubis priest who gave him his [[Vision]] when the time was right; however, that story is false, as Cyno was raised in the Akademiya since childhood<ref name="Riddle" /> and obtained his Vision the day before he became General Mahamatra.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Cyno|Vision}}</ref>.

Bamoun and Sethos would later devise a plan to bring Cyrus to them while also attempting to mend relationships with the Akademiya; regardless of the outcome, the Temple of Silence would benefit from the result. In order to protect Cyrus, Cyno offers to duel Sethos in a Rite of Duels to see who would claim the other half of Hermanubis' power. Cyno successfully defeats Sethos in the duel, and he absorbs his fragment without issue.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Story==
''(To be added.)''

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*{{Lang|{{w|Hermanubis}}|grc=Ἑρμανοῦβις}} is a Greco-Egyptian god who brings souls to the underworld. He is a syncretism of the Greek god {{w|Hermes}} and the Egyptian god {{w|Anubis}}, depicted with a human body and a jackal head. He represented Egyptian priesthood and served as an investigator of the truth.
<!-- 
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden=1
|en      = Hermanubis
|zhs     = 赫曼努比斯
|zhs_rm  = Hèmànnǔbǐsī
|zht     = 赫曼努比斯
|zht_rm  = Hèmànnǔbǐsī
|ja      = ヘルマヌビス
|ja_rm   = Herumanubisu
|ko      = 헤르마누비스
|es      = Hermanubis
|fr      = Hermanubis
|ru      = Германубис
|th      = Hermanubis
|vi      = Hermanubis
|de      = Hermanubis
|id      = Hermanubis
|pt      = Hermanubis
|tr      = Hermanubis
|it      = Hermanubis
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Hermanubis]]