{{Artifact Infobox
|image = item Heroes' Tea Party.png
|set   = Nymph's Dream
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|A lovely teacup. Perhaps it was once used by people enjoying a leisurely afternoon together.}}
'''Heroes' Tea Party''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Nymph's Dream]].

==Description==
Even the [[Narzissenkreuz Institute|Narzissen champions]] would need to rest for a short time along the adventuring road.<br>
When the clock sounded, many champions and mages, knights and evil dragons,<br>
All forgot for a time the imprisoned princess and the treasures of the domains.<br>
The dark clouds that shrouded the distant kingdom's skies temporarily faded away,<br>
And the princess amid her agonized wait would turn her gaze from her window.<br>
For when the knights depart, so too must the adventure be put on hold.<br>
This is the universal rule the Narzissen champions follow, and many other tiny worlds do as well.<br>
If one must ask why, then it is because the refreshments made by the [[Basil Elton|Vice Director]] are far too delicious.

It was a gloomy afternoon... but that phrase seems to have little meaning.<br>
For the new home [[Mary-Ann|she]] was going to was one that would not see the light of either sun or moon.<br>
Here, the first person she met was the tall, pure [[Lyris|Director]].<br>
And though she was even less sure of what to do than the little girl, she still greeted her with an embrace,<br>
And got her clothes soaked for the trouble. The Vice Director was old enough to be the girl's mother.<br>
Taking the girl by the hand, she brought her amongst the resting [[Alain Guillotin|champions]], [[Jakob|knights]], and [[Rene|evil dragons]].<br>
She thought that this was quite alright. In any case, the refreshments really were delicious.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Heroes' Tea Party
|zhs      = 勇者们的茶会
|zhs_rm   = Yǒngzhěmén de Cháhuì
|zht      = 勇者們的茶會
|zht_rm   = Yǒngzhěmén de Cháhuì
|zh_tl    = Heroes' Tea Party
|ja       = 勇者たちのお茶会
|ja_rm    = Yuusha-tachi no Ochakai
|ja_tl    = Heroes' Tea Party
|ko       = 용자들의 티타임
|ko_rm    = Yongjadeul-ui Titaim
|ko_tl    = Heroes' Tea Time
|es       = Fiesta del Té de la Valentía
|es_tl    = Tea of Bravery Party
|fr       = Goûter des héros
|fr_tl    = Heroes' {{w|Merienda}}
|ru       = Чаепитие героев
|ru_tl    = Heroes' Tea Party
|th       = Heroes' Tea Party
|vi       = Tiệc Trà Các Dũng Sĩ
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Teegesellschaft der Tapferen
|de_tl    = Tea Party of the Brave
|id       = Heroes' Tea Party
|pt       = Festa de Chá dos Heróis
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Kahramanların Çay Partisi
|tr_tl    = The Heroes' Tea Party
|it       = Un tè con gli eroi
|it_tl    = A Tea with the Heroes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Nymph's Dream}}

[[fr:Goûter des héros]]
[[ja:勇者たちのお茶会]]
[[tr:Kahramanların Çay Partisi]]
[[uk:Чаювання героїв]]
[[vi:Tiệc Trà Các Dũng Sĩ]]
[[zh:勇者們的茶會]]