{{Weapon Series Infobox
|quality = 4
|region  = Natlan
|lore    = Weapons wielded by the ancient [[Heroes of Natlan]]
|other   = Passives focused on movement
}}
The '''Heroes of Natlan Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 4-Star [[Weapon Series]], historically owned by five of the six [[Heroes of Natlan]] during the [[cataclysm]].

Although all weapons in this series do not share the exact same passive, all the passives have an underlying theme of ''movement''. Four of these weapons have passives that reduce stamina consumption for various modes of exploration.

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Heroes of Natlan Series}}

==Lore==
The [[Flower-Wreathed Feathers]] was used by [[Menilek]] of the [[Flower-Feather Clan]], retelling his pilgrimage to save his [[Qucusaur]] companion [[Holawaqa Ngoubou]] from the [[Flamelord]]'s Blessing. However, the pilgrimage has failed and Menilek perished during the cataclysm, leaving Ngoubou behind.

The [[Fruitful Hook]] was used by [[Burkina]] of the [[Scions of the Canopy]], retelling his effort to harvest the Flamegranates from the [[Mother Flamegranate Tree]], against the harassment of [[Qucusaurus]] and [[Yumkasaurus]] around the tree. Burkina created the weapon with the help of [[Tenoch]], and he used it to defend against the Saurians and successfully harvest the Flamegranates. As he fell to the ground due to a sudden gust, [[Kongamato]] saved him, and the two became companions.

The [[Mountain-Bracing Bolt]] was used by [[Sundjatta]] of the [[Children of Echoes]], retelling his discovery of the tunnel and the underground bastion in [[Ochkanatlan]], where [[Nanatzcayan]] forebears hid from the tyranny of [[Och-Kan]] and eventually escaped to [[Tequemecan Valley]], founding the tribe. The Mountain-Bracing Bolts were mass-produced for the warriors to defend their new home against the [[Abyss]], and the ritual was kept when tribesmen threw the polearms to "the mountain spirits in their deepest caverns." 

The [[Sturdy Bone]] was used by [[Wanjiru]] of the [[Collective of Plenty]], retelling her journey to the [[Great Volcano of Tollan]] to find suitable materials for her weapon. She fought with a great dragon and won with the cost of her left eye. Wanjiru used the dragon's bones to make the weapon, but she rarely used it until the cataclysm.

The [[Waveriding Whirl]] was used by [[Tupac]] of the [[People of the Springs]], retelling his boredom as he could not find an adversary that could challenge him, and he tried to sail away to the unknown sea to look for the meaning of his life. After he had bested many monsters and touched the edge of the sea, the [[Lord of the Night]] convinced him to turn back and hone his skills because the greatest calamity would eventually come, and Tenoch would return to lead him into the battle.

Although there is no weapon owned by [[Sanhaj]] of the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] that matches the theme of ''movement'', the [[Calamity of Eshu]] conversed the same story theme as the other weapons in the series.

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}