{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 25035
|type          = Commission
|image         = NPC Location Michica Context.png
|startLocation = [["Scions of the Canopy"]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Coatepec Mountain
|subarea       = "Scions of the Canopy"
|requirement   = <!--Any quest that needs to be completed first-->
|rewards       = 
|otherRewards  = AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Michica; Paimon; Traveler
|npc           = Michica
}}
'''''Hey, Your Letter!''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [["Scions of the Canopy"]], [[Natlan]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Michica]]
# Track down the missing packages
# Report back to Michica

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Michica from the [[Scions of the Canopy]] seems to have been having some trouble recently...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Michica)
:'''Michica:''' Those bumbling fools... How've they lost another load of packages? I told them not to mess about when they're out delivering things...
:{{DIcon}} What happened?
:'''Michica:''' A few of our Couriers ignored instructions yet again, and guess what? They've gone and lost a bunch of packages.
:'''Michica:''' *sigh* Don't they realize that such carelessness damages the reputation of the Scions of the Canopy?
:'''Michica:''' When you're out on the job, focus on delivering things! If you're going down a slope, just keep going as you normally would. Why would you suddenly drop into a slide like you're on vacation!?
:'''Michica:''' I've told them so many times, but those youngsters just won't listen. All they care about is chasing cheap thrills...
:'''Michica:''' *sigh* Now I'll have to get someone to retrieve those packages. Let me think, who's free right now...
:{{DIcon}} I'll lend a hand.
::'''Michica:''' Y&mdash;You'd really help me out? That's great!
::'''Michica:''' It would take me quite a while to find someone who could help, and if I went looking myself, there'd be no one here to watch over the [[Courier's Longhouse (Point of Interest)|Courier's Longhouse]].
:{{DIcon}} Are those packages big?
::'''Michica:''' No, they're not. But that's what makes them a real hassle to find. *sigh* Those careless little...
::'''Michica:''' ...So, if you have the time, would you be willing to help me track them down?
::'''Michica:''' The Courier's Longhouse is a bit short on manpower right now, so if I went to find them myself, there'd be no one here to man the store.
::{{DIcon}} No problem, leave it to me.
::'''Michica:''' That's amazing! Thank you so much!
:'''Michica:''' And don't worry, I wouldn't just leave you to find a needle in a haystack. I know the routes those kids usually take, so I can probably guess where those packages went missing.
:'''Michica:''' I'll mark out those probable locations. Thanks in advance. I'm counting on you!

;(Talk to Michica again, optional)
:'''Michica:''' One... Two... Should be a few more...
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I picked this up earlier... <small>''(If the player has any other lost packages)''</small>
:;(Continue to the dialogue in the Hidden Exploration Objective [[Lost Packages Retrieval]])
:{{DIcon}} See you.
::'''Michica:''' I'm counting on you to find the packages. I still have to sort through all the ones in the shop. *sigh* When will those kids start behaving like professionals...

;(Approach the marked location on the map)
:'''Paimon:''' Based on the marks Michica made for us, those packages should be somewhere nearby.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's have a closer look around. Hmm, where could they be...

;(Talk to Michica after collecting all the missing packages)
:'''Michica:''' So, how did it go? Did you manage to find the packages?
:;(Opens item submission screen)
:;(Submit {{Item|Missing Package|x=3}})
:'''Michica:''' Two... Three... That's all of them! Excellent job, you retrieved them all.
:'''Michica:''' ...Wait a sec, wasn't this one meant to be delivered by [[Tundama]]?
:'''Michica:''' Here's your payment. Thanks for the help!
:'''Michica:''' Agh, I'm gonna have to have a serious one-to-one with Tundama about this...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Hey, Your Letter!
|zhs      = 嘿！你的信！
|zhs_rm   = Hēi! Nǐ de Xìn!
|zht      = 嘿！你的信！
|zht_rm   = Hēi! Nǐ de Xìn!
|zh_tl    = Hey! Your Letter!
|ja       = おーい！お前の手紙だぞ！
|ja_rm    = Ooi! Omae no Tegami da zo!
|ja_tl    = Hey! Your Letter!
|ko       = 우편 왔어요!
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¡Ey! ¡Tienes una carta!
|es_tl    = Hey! You've Got a Letter!
|fr       = Hé, votre lettre !
|fr_tl    = Hey, Your Letter!
|ru       = Эй! Твоё письмо!
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = เฮ้! จดหมายของคุณ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Này! Thư Đây!
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = He! Dein Brief!
|de_tl    = Hey! Your Letter!
|id       = Hei! Suratmu!
|id_tl    = Hey! Your Letter!
|pt       = Ei, Sua Carta!
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Hey, Mektubun Var!
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Ehi, la tua lettera!
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Natlan}}

[[vi:Này! Thư Đây!]]