<!--{{EventTabs}}-->
{{Event
|name              = Hidden Civilizations
|image             = Hidden Civilizations.jpg
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-09-29 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-10-31 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/9514782
|link3             = https://act.hoyolab.com/puzzle/bbs/pz_fKWaqWI9U4/index.html
}}
<!--{{Description|}}-->
'''Hidden Civilizations''' is an [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.1]].

==Event Details==
The limited-time web event "Hidden Civilizations" is now available. Vast desert, a mysterious civilization... What will you discover beneath the golden sands?
===Duration===
* September 29, 2022 – October 31, 2022 23:59:59 (UTC+8)
===How to Participate===
# During the event period, complete the missions of posting, browsing, sharing, and commenting according to the requirements, and you will be rewarded with the corresponding number of Copper Coins.
# The Copper Coins obtained by completed missions can be used for direct prize redemption or the prize draw on the event page.
* More details about the rules of the event can be found on the event rules on the event page.
===Rewards===
;Redemption Zone
* Primogems ×60 (14,000 sets)
* Mora ×50,000 (14,000 sets)
* Hero's Wit ×5 (14,000 sets)
Rewards inventory update details: The above rewards inventory will be updated in batches during the event. The specific update time is 06:00, 14:00 and 22:00 (UTC+8) on the first day of the event and every Wednesday and Saturday during the event.

;Prize Draw Zone
* Primogems ×60 (30,000 sets)
* Mora ×20,000 (50,000 sets)
* Hero's Wit ×2 (50,000 sets)
* Adventurer's Experience ×5 (40,000 sets)
* Fine Enhancement Ore ×5 (80,000 sets)
* "Hidden Civilizations" Avatar Frame (30 days)
* "Hidden Civilizations" Avatar Frame (90 days)
* "Hidden Civilizations" Avatar Frame (Permanent)

==Notes==
# You will have to manually collect the Copper Coins obtained in the event. Uncollected Copper Coins will expire after the missions are refreshed and cannot be collected after the expiration date.
# Each type of prize can be redeemed at most once per Traveler during the event. Each Traveler can participate in the prize draw up to 5 times per day.
# In-game item redemption codes rewarded by participating in the event will be sent to the winners via forum messages, and Travelers can use the redemption code to exchange in the game.
# The redemption codes are valid September 28 00:00 through November 7, 23:59:59 (UTC+8). Winners who miss the deadline will be deemed to have forfeited their rewards, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# The avatar frame rewards will be directly sent to Travelers' HoYoLAB accounts. Don't forget to claim it~
# The Copper Coins obtained in this event can only be redeemed and drawn in this page, and will not be used cumulatively with other events.
# After the end of this event, Travelers' unused Copper Coins will expire at the end of the event.
# Copper Coins and in-game rewards will be officially withdrawn in the following cases. If the Traveler has already used the Copper Coins to redeem or draw prizes before the withdrawal, the prizes will be withdrawn:
#* The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
#* Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# If the Traveler cheats in the event (such as using technical loopholes to attack the site to obtain rewards, virtual transactions, etc.), the official team will revoke the offending Traveler's eligibility to participate in the event and has the right to withdraw the rewards obtained by the offending Traveler. In the event of a serious violation, the account may be subject to sanctions in accordance with the regulations.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hidden Civilizations
|zhs     = 隐秘的文明
|zhs_rm  = Yǐnmì de Wénmíng
|zht     = 隱密的文明
|zht_rm  = Yǐnmì de Wénmíng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 秘められし文明
|ja_rm   = Hime Rareshi Bunmei
|ja_tl   = Hidden Civilization
|ko      = 숨겨진 문명
|ko_rm   = Sumgyeojin Munmyeong
|ko_tl   = Hidden Civilizations
|es      = Civilización oculta
|es_tl   = Hidden Civilization
|fr      = Civilisation cachée
|fr_tl   = Hidden Civilization
|ru      = Сокрытая цивилизация
|ru_tl   = Hidden Civilization
|th      = อารยธรรมที่ซ่อนเร้น
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nền Văn Minh Bí Ẩn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verborgene Zivilisation
|de_tl   = Hidden Civilisation
|id      = Peradaban Tersembunyi
|id_tl   = Hidden Civilizations
|pt      = Civilização Oculta
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}