{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00381
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = II
|act           = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|part          = 11
|startLocation = [[Cape Oath]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Galesong Hill
|subarea       = Cape Oath
|prev          = State of the Holy Lyre der Himmel
|next          = Crystal Tears
|concurrent    = Fallen Tears
|concurrent2   = Stolen Tears
|domain        = Hidden Teardrop in the Heart of the Jungle
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 6,000
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Character EXP|3,125}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|7}}{{Card|Teardrop Crystal|link=Teardrop Crystal (Hidden Tears)|1}}
|characters    = Diluc; Jean; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|2|part=11}}

It runs concurrently with [[Fallen Tears]] and [[Stolen Tears]].

==Steps==
# Go to the ruins in the woods
# Enter the ruins in the woods
#* Enter [[Eagle's Gate]]'s Quest Domain: [[Hidden Teardrop in the Heart of the Jungle]]
# Defeat all opponents in the ruin
# Obtain [[Teardrop Crystal (Hidden Tears)|Dvalin's Tear]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Dvalin]]'s footprints are all over Mondstadt, and one of his tears fell upon a ruin deep within the forest.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After opening the Luxurious Chest at the end of the domain)
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* We're done gathering! That was hard...
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It's too early to relax. We're still not done with Stormterror.
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Besides, the [[Fatui]] could also be planning something...
:;(Obtain a [[Teardrop Crystal (Hidden Tears)|Teardrop Crystal]])

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Hey Diluc, I heard that the Fatui have recently proclaimed you "persona non grata."
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmph, what an honor.
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Nobody was ever proclaimed "persona grata" by the Fatui anyway.
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Fatui? The diplomatic delegation from [[Snezhnaya]]? What have they got against Master Diluc?
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The Fatui are a problem not only for the Knights &mdash; they also present a real threat to the whole of Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' And when it comes to threats against Mondstadt, Diluc is&mdash;
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' That's enough, Jean.
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' You knights are subject to too many restrictions. You can't directly confront this so-called "diplomatic" scum.
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Personally... I despise them.
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If I were to choose between "eating a [[Cryo Slime]] alive" or "joining the Fatui..."
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...I'd prefer to be crushed to death by a meteorite.
:{{A|vo mdaq058 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Geez, your wording is so very dramatic...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Towards the end of the domain, the [[Pyro Abyss Mage]] that spawns is randomly given a name from a list shared with the Pyro Abyss Mage in the Story Quest ''[[Master's Day Off (Quest)|Master's Day Off]]''. The list of possible names can be seen [[Pyro Abyss Mage#Other Notable Pyro Abyss Mages|here]].

==Video Guides==
{{#evt:
service=youtube
|id=https://youtu.be/V0w5fDVxT64
|description=Hidden Teardrop in the Heart of the Jungle Domain Guide (8 Chests)
|alignment=inline
|valignment=top
|dimensions=250
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hidden Tears
|zhs     = 藏匿之泪
|zhs_rm  = Cángnì zhī Lèi
|zht     = 藏匿之淚
|zht_rm  = Cángnì zhī Lèi
|zh_tl   = Hidden Tear
|ja      = 隠された涙
|ja_rm   = Kakusareta Namida
|ja_tl   = Hidden Tears
|ko      = 숨겨진 눈물
|ko_rm   = Sumgyeojin Nunmul
|ko_tl   = Hidden Tears
|es      = Lágrimas ocultas
|es_tl   = Hidden Tears
|fr      = Larmes cachées
|fr_tl   = Hidden Tears
|ru      = Потаённые слёзы
|ru_tl   = Hidden Tears
|th      = น้ำตาที่ถูกซ่อน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Hidden Tears
|vi      = Giọt Nước Mắt Được Cất Giấu
|vi_tl   = Hidden Tears
|de      = Versteckte Tränen
|de_tl   = Hidden Tears
|id      = Air Mata Tersembunyi
|id_tl   = Hidden Tears
|pt      = Lágrimas Ocultas
|pt_tl   = Hidden Tears
|tr      = Saklı Gözyaşları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Lacrime celate
|it_tl   = Hidden Tears
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}
[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[es:Lágrimas ocultas]]
[[ja:隠された涙]]
[[pt-br:Lágrimas Ocultas]]