{{Event Tabs}}

==Phantom of the Past==
{{Transclude|Phantom of the Past|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==All's Well That Ends Well==
{{Transclude|All's Well That Ends Well (Quest)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Optional Letters==
These letters are available after the Traveler reads three letters as part of ''All's Well That Ends Well''.
===Letters in Dawn Winery===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with the cabinet in the middle at the opposite side of the room to access the first pile of Letters Written in Beautiful Handwriting)
:{{A|vo hyeq002 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, there's another bunch of letters here... Diluc must have read these ones recently, too...
:{{A|vo hyeq002 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Which one shall we read first?
:{{DIcon}} A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (I)
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (I):''' To D:
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (I):''' A storm is brewing within the Knights of Favonius. Varka's inner circle is preparing to investigate Eroch and his henchmen, and it's looking increasingly likely that Eroch is about to get unseated from that high horse of his.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (I):''' You might not be too pleased to see this letter of mine, but I mean to get this news to you as soon as possible.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (I):''' You don't have to reply.
:{{DIcon}} A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (II)
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (II):''' To D:
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (II):''' Even I was a little surprised to hear that you'd decided to leave on a trip.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (II):''' Jean wanted to write and try to dissuade you, but I advised her against it.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (II):''' As for Varka, I don't think he knows about this. Otherwise, he'd have probably sat you down for a talk.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (II):''' If you'd like to leave, do it now. The less the people know, the less the goodbyes you'll have to say. Leave at night, too, so things won't be too saddening.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (II):''' Take care.
:{{DIcon}} A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (III)
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (III):''' To D:
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (III):''' Some slightly bad news. Eroch won't be quite so difficult to bring down after all.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (III):''' The Grand Master's order to investigate has certainly dealt him a major blow, but I wouldn't call the problem "pulled up by the roots" yet.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (III):''' The matter's been handed over to Jean's jurisdiction. She'll take care of this, I believe. Eroch is an obstacle in her path, in any case.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (III):''' Just sit tight and wait for the good news.

;(Interact with the shelf near the door at the opposite side of the room to access the second pile of Letters Written in Beautiful Handwriting)
:{{A|vo hyeq002 28 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Another bunch of letters?
:{{A|vo hyeq002 28 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Which one do you think we should start with, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IV)
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IV):''' To D:
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IV):''' Recently, a group of businessmen returned to Mondstadt. Word is that the reason for their return is a downturn in business.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IV):''' According to my observations, their employees are regulars at Angel's Share. These people can also be found out in the more dangerous parts of the wilds around the city.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IV):''' Now, a few of them were a little careless and even dropped some pages of their notes on the ground. I took the liberty of returning these sheets to the Angel's Share. You know, out of the goodness of my heart.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IV):''' I think they might have something to do with you, seeing as how they were there. I also noticed that their notes were written in code. Information brokers, perhaps? Or some kind of secret organization?
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IV):''' Whatever the case, it took quite a lot of effort to see those blurred words with only one eye, you know? Don't worry, I'll keep this a secret.
:{{DIcon}} A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (V)
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (V):''' To D:
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (V):''' I didn't try to hide it from you on purpose, you know. But I suppose you found out all the same, huh?
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (V):''' I mean, not everyone who wears an eyepatch must be blind, right? Don't people also wear an eyepatch if they have a scar over their right eye?
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (V):''' The long-awaited good news is finally here.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (V):''' Now, I'm going to bring a glass of wine when I go to watch Eroch pack his things and leave on his last day (good riddance, by the way). That should be fun, eh?
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (V):''' I know you're not the type to do that sort of thing, but I am, so allow me.
:{{DIcon}} A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VI)
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VI):''' To D:
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VI):''' Oh, my! No sooner did you get back than a mysterious character started popping up.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VI):''' I hear he's called the Darknight Hero. He has repeatedly fought off Treasure Hoarders and monsters in the Mondstadt area &mdash; and he's even attacked Abyss Order strongholds.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VI):''' So far, it seems like he is on Mondstadt's side, but the Knights of Favonius could never permit the existence of a vigilante.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VI):''' I get the feeling that the two of you would get along nicely. Why don't you find an opportunity to get to know him and give him some sage advice? You know, just so he doesn't get caught by the Knights?

;(Interact with the desk near the office at the opposite side of the room to access the third pile of Letters Written in Beautiful Handwriting)
:{{A|vo hyeq002 29 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:'''There are a few more letters here.
:{{A|vo hyeq002 29 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Take your pick, {{Traveler}}. Let's read one.
:{{DIcon}} A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VII)
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VII):''' To D:
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VII):''' Per standard procedure, the Knights of Favonius needs to take a statement from all relevant parties.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VII):''' Recently, the Knights of Favonius have received reports from a number of eye-witnesses claiming to have seen the Darknight Hero in the vicinity of the Dawn Winery.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VII):''' The Grand Master has assigned the Cavalry Company to this mission. As such, I will be paying you a visit in three days.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VII):''' He seems to think that our relationship can be improved if we are forced to talk in person.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VII):''' Don't worry, though. My lips are sealed. This will be nothing more than a formality. Anyway, three days' notice should be enough for you, I presume?
:{{DIcon}} A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VIII)
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VIII):''' To D:
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VIII):''' The appearance of the Darknight Hero has indeed bought the Knights of Favonius some valuable time during the Abyss Order's last attack.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VIII):''' This helped Jean convince the Knights of Favonius to stop focusing on trying to stop him.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VIII):''' This will decrease the limits on the Darknight Hero's actions, but this doesn't mean that his situation will necessarily improve.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VIII):''' Objects with too honed an edge tend to be damaged more easily. You, I'm sure, are aware of the great dangers that come with acting alone.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VIII):''' That said, I would advise against such a course of action.
:{{DIcon}} A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IX)
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IX):''' To D:
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IX):''' I heard that the Dawn Winery did not suffer any damage. Likewise, the Knights of Favonius only sustained minor injuries, and will recover quickly.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IX):''' However, an employee of a local merchant has gone missing, and their last known location just so happens to align with the Abyss Order's area of activity.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IX):''' The Knights have dispatched people to go to the rescue.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IX):''' Do be aware that the Abyss Order has become more dangerous as of late, even going so far as to organize multi-pronged offensives.
::'''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IX):''' Perhaps the Darknight Hero and the Knights of Favonius should team up. That might guarantee that things will go off without a hitch, hmm?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Letters in Albedo's Camp===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with the Letter Addressed to Mr. Albedo in [[Albedo's Campsite]] on [[Dragonspine]])
:'''Letter Addressed to Mr. Albedo:''' Dear Albedo,
:'''Letter Addressed to Mr. Albedo:''' Thank you for the detailed explanation. I have read your paper and found it both enriching and easy to understand. It is a rare and well-written document indeed.
:'''Letter Addressed to Mr. Albedo:''' I have written the relevant information down in hopes that it will be put to good use in the future.
:'''Letter Addressed to Mr. Albedo:''' Guarding against danger is a very important skill. I will continue to keep watching over the Abyss Order, and use force against them where necessary.

;(Interact with the Letter Addressed to Ms. Alice in Albedo's Campsite on Dragonspine)
:'''Letter Addressed to Ms. Alice:''' Dear Ms. Alice,
:'''Letter Addressed to Ms. Alice:''' I must admit that when I read the opening lines of this letter, I was not expecting it to have been written by you.
:'''Letter Addressed to Ms. Alice:''' It seems that I may have indeed failed to notice you despite your presence nearby. My apologies for that.
:'''Letter Addressed to Ms. Alice:''' Regarding Klee, I have heard that you are an extremely powerful witch, so I suspect that Klee would have been just fine even sans my presence.
:'''Letter Addressed to Ms. Alice:''' Even so, you sent me this letter, for which I am thankful.
:'''Letter Addressed to Ms. Alice:''' As you have said, traveling is my best option at present. I will go out and experience all that the world has to offer, just as you have suggested.
:'''Letter Addressed to Ms. Alice:''' My father's will shall find continuation through me.
:'''Letter Addressed to Ms. Alice:''' Klee is welcome to stay at Dawn Winery as a guest during my absence. Adelinde will prepare sufficient snacks and grape juice for such occasions. And if you don't mind, you are also welcome to drop by.
:'''Letter Addressed to Ms. Alice:''' I hope that you and Klee stay in good health.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Letters in Jean's Office===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with the Letter Addressed to the Acting Grand Master in Jean's office)
:'''Letter Addressed to the Acting Grand Master:''' Dear Jean,
:'''Letter Addressed to the Acting Grand Master:''' Thank you for your concern, Acting Grand Master. It is as you say. That incident should no longer weigh heavily on my mind.
:'''Letter Addressed to the Acting Grand Master:''' Punishing Eroch for his malfeasance was the right way to correct the Knights of Favonius's past mistakes. This is an important step indeed for the Knights.
:'''Letter Addressed to the Acting Grand Master:''' As for my own personal safety, you need not concern yourself too much. The Knights of Favonius should focus their efforts where it counts by looking after those who need it most.
:'''Letter Addressed to the Acting Grand Master:''' May you also remain in good health.

;(Interact with the Letter Addressed to Grand Master Varka in Jean's office)
:'''Letter Addressed to Grand Master Varka:''' Dear Master Varka,
:'''Letter Addressed to Grand Master Varka:''' You have my utmost thanks for your condolences and concern. My father would be pleased to have heard your compliments.
:'''Letter Addressed to Grand Master Varka:''' I doubt that anything would have pleased him more than to have the acknowledgment of the Knight of Boreas.
:'''Letter Addressed to Grand Master Varka:''' I am presently traveling, and by a stroke of fortune, your letter has indeed reached me safely.
:'''Letter Addressed to Grand Master Varka:''' If nothing goes awry, I believe that I will not be rejoining the Knights of Favonius. However, I will not forget my previous experiences. I will commit everything the Knights taught me to heart.
:'''Letter Addressed to Grand Master Varka:''' May this find you in good health.
{{Dialogue End}}

===The Brick===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Investigate the brick next to the northeastern door on top of the Knights of Favonius HQ, southeast of the nearby [[Teleport Waypoint]])
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (There's something strange about this brick...)
:{{DIcon}} Take this brick off the wall
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (It's a secret compartment... with a box inside.)
:{{DIcon}} Open the box
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' The objects in the box are all pretty old. One particular sheet of paper stands out.
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' A piece of it has been burned away, and the remaining parts show signs of having been rescued from that same flame.
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' Every line on this sheet of paper has a matching one right under it. From the handwriting, it looks like a child wrote on this first before an adult stepped in, held their hand, and taught them how to do it the second time.
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' The writings are as follows: "Remember always that it was the [[Alberich Clan]], who did not have royal blood, who stepped in as regents when the strength of the one-eyed king [[Irmin]] failed."
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' "Though we could not restore Khaenri'ah to life, we of the Alberich Clan should lead lives as those who blaze like fire, rather than those who wallow in the embers."
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' If you flip the paper over, there are other words there. You reckon these must be annotations of some sort.
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' "I saved this one memento from the fire 'Father' made while he wasn't paying attention. This was in violation of our principles. Our clan's affairs should never be recorded."
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' "For me, this sheet of paper cannot serve as any form of identification, and will not give me passage anywhere."
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' "Now that I look at it, his handwriting was as grieving as a smoking ash pile. There is no way that I can write something like that, living in Mondstadt as I am."
:{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' Moving the paper aside, you can see a cloth bag underneath it that contains an eyepatch of significant age. A sticker is attached to the side, and the text on it reads:
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' "Hah! To think that all that play-acting as a one-eyed pirate would eventually end with one actual wounded eye."
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' "I have never blamed Diluc for that. I suppose I must have been asking for it, [[Kaeya/Lore#Vision|telling him the truth the day my adoptive father died]] without expecting conflict to emerge somehow."
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' "He seems to believe that I really was blinded, though that's not the case. Well, I've fooled him for a while, haven't I? Might as well keep going."
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' Two letters lie beneath the bag, all of which have "D" as their sender. The letters are in great condition, and there is a time written on the back. This is most likely the time these letters were received.
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' You can tell that the words have been written in a strong but elegant hand.
:{{DIcon}} Read the first letter.
::'''Letter Addressed to "K" (I):''' To K:
::'''Letter Addressed to "K" (I):''' Messaged received. Thank you.
::'''Letter Addressed to "K" (I):''' Also, I suggest that you stop mentioning eyes in your letters. Don't think that I don't know that your right eye wasn't blinded.
:{{DIcon}} Read the second letter.
::'''Letter Addressed to "K" (II):''' To K:
::'''Letter Addressed to "K" (II):''' Thanks for the letter.
::'''Letter Addressed to "K" (II):''' Cooperating with the Knights has objective pros and cons, like two sides of a coin. I'm sure you understand that better than I do.
::'''Letter Addressed to "K" (II):''' No need to worry about my safety. Self-preservation is easy. Striving towards my goal is hard. Take better care of yourself instead.
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' A small paper bag lies next to these two letters. It contains nothing but a few seashells.
:'''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' They have lost most of their luster. It is unclear how much time has passed since they were picked up.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (It might be best to store this box and restore everything to how it was originally.)
{{Dialogue End}}

==NPC Interactions==
The following regular (not event-exclusive) NPCs have unique dialogue and locations for the Hidden Strife event.

===Mack===
Starting from the beginning of the event, [[Mack]] has unique dialogue and can be found where Falcon Coast's northern beach meets Windrise's grass.<!-- using this description because he does appear before the ley line deposit appears, so using the ley line deposit as a landmark technically isn't a good idea -->
{{Transclude|Mack|Hidden Strife}}

===Harry===
Starting from the beginning of the event, [[Harry]] has unique dialogue. He can be found in his normal location in Stormbearer's Point.
{{Transclude|Harry|Hidden Strife}}

===Vile===
After completing ''Phantom of the Past'' (thereby unlocking the Hidden Strife challenges), [[Vile]] has unique dialogue and can be found seated beside [[Angel's Share]] on its northwestern side.
{{Transclude|Vile|Hidden Strife}}

== Trivia ==
* The seashells in Kaeya's box are related to [[Echoing Tales/Story#VI: Familiar Voices|Conch Retrospection VI: Familiar Voices - Seaside Reminiscence]] from the [[Echoing Tales]] event. It is unknown when the seashells were collected.

===Timeline===
The letters were presumably sent in the following order. Interacting with the letters from ''All's Well That Ends Well'' on Diluc's desk shows that the Traveler has rearranged them in chronological order; the order of their dialogue prompts is different than when initially interacted with in the quest.

==== After Crepus' Death ====
* '''April 30:''' Diluc's 18th birthday ends with Crepus' death, Diluc's resignation from the Knights of Favonius, and Kaeya's admission that he was planted as an agent of Khaenri'ah, which leads to Diluc and Kaeya's fight. Kaeya's eye is injured in the process and the two split ways.
** '''Mysterious Box in a Secret Compartment:''' Kaeya writes a self-derisive note about the fight and his subsequent eye injury, saying that he'll pretend he was blinded in that eye.
** '''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (I):''' Shortly after the fight, Kaeya tells Diluc that Varka's inner circle has ordered an investigation into Eroch.
***Based on Varka's letter (A Letter With Rough Handwriting), he personally was away from Mondstadt at this time and only learned about the events that occurred after he received Jean's letter.
* Diluc decides to leave Mondstadt to pursue the truth behind the [[Delusion]] Crepus wore.
** '''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (II):''' Kaeya and Jean learn of Diluc's plans to leave Mondstadt. Jean wanted to write Diluc a letter to ask him to stay; Kaeya advised her against doing so. He presumes that Varka does not yet know about this, as he would have otherwise dragged Diluc over for a face-to-face talk. Kaeya tells Diluc to leave immediately at night to prevent more people from knowing and to make Diluc's departure less saddening.

==== Diluc Leaves Mondstadt ====
* '''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (III):''' Kaeya informs Diluc that Varka has given Jean the responsibility of investigating Eroch and administering his punishment.
* '''A Letter With Rough Handwriting:''' After learning of Crepus' death and Eroch's misconduct from Jean, Varka writes to Diluc to offer his condolences and reassure him that Eroch would be punished. He informs Diluc that Jean was given authority to punish Eroch with "all necessary severity." Varka states that the Knights of Favonius shares Jean's sentiments of wanting Diluc to stay with the Knights of Favonius, and gives the letter to Diluc's falcon.
** '''Letter Addressed to Grand Master Varka:''' Diluc thanks Varka for his letter and says that he is traveling at the moment, with no plans of rejoining the Knights of Favonius "if nothing goes awry."
* '''A Tidily Written Letter:''' After Klee comments on Diluc's long absence, Alice investigates the matter and learns of Crepus' fate. Alice sends Diluc her condolences for Crepus' death and suggests to Diluc that he travel around Teyvat in order to cope with his grief.
** '''Letter Addressed to Ms. Alice:''' Diluc tells Alice that he plans on taking up her suggestion. He also says that Klee is welcome to stay in Dawn Winery.
* '''A Letter with Clear Handwriting:''' A staff member of Dawn Winery tells Diluc that Kaeya took leave from the Knights of Favonius and stayed at Dawn Winery for a few days.
* '''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IV):''' Kaeya informs Diluc that he's noticed a group of businessmen returning to Mondstadt. Their employees frequent Angel's Share and can also be found around the dangerous parts of the wilds outside of the city. Kaeya deduces that the group of businessmen has something to do with Diluc. Kaeya also mentions that he only has one eye left.
** '''Letter Addressed to "K" (I):'''  Diluc thanks Kaeya and tells him to stop mentioning his eyes in his letters since Diluc knows that Kaeya's right eye wasn't actually blinded.
*** '''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (V):''' Kaeya replies, saying that he didn't intentionally want Diluc to think his right eye was blinded; Kaeya tells Diluc that his right eye was scarred, however. Kaeya also informs Diluc that Eroch was punished and dismissed.

==== Diluc Returns to Mondstadt ====
* '''A Letter with Elegant Handwriting:''' Jean welcomes Diluc back to Mondstadt and informs him of Abyss Order strongholds appearing in Mondstadt alongside a "Darknight Hero". She tells Diluc to stay safe and that he can contact the Knights should he see anything suspicious.
** '''Letter Addressed to the Acting Grand Master:''' Diluc thanks Jean for her concern and commends her response to Eroch's wrongdoing. He tells her that she shouldn't worry about him and that Knights should redirect their concern to those who need it the most.
* '''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VI):''' Kaeya also tells Diluc about the Darknight Hero, saying that he has fought against Treasure Hoarders and the Abyss Order in Mondstadt. Kaeya suggests that Diluc talk to the Darknight Hero to give him some advice so the latter wouldn't be caught by the Knights, as vigilantes are not allowed.
** '''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VII):''' Kaeya informs Diluc that the Knights of Favonius are gathering information about the Darknight Hero after his actions have been noticed by the organization. The Cavalry Company was assigned to this task by Varka and that Kaeya would be visiting Diluc in three days. Kaeya tells Diluc that his lips are sealed and that three days should be enough for Diluc to prepare for the Cavalry Company's visit.
*** '''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (VIII):''' Kaeya informs Diluc that the Darknight Hero's latest appearance during the Abyss Order's last attack was helpful for the Knights of Favonius and has convinced them not to give too much focus in trying to catch the Darknight Hero. Kaeya advises Diluc not to act alone.
**** '''A Letter in Beautiful Handwriting (IX):''' The Abyss Order seems to have attacked, and Kaeya tells Diluc about the situation. Kaeya suggests that the Knights of Favonius and the Darknight Hero should team up.
***** '''Letter Addressed to "K" (II):''' Diluc turns down Kaeya's offer, citing objective pros and cons of teaming up with the Knights. Diluc tells Kaeya to take better care of himself instead.

==== Hidden Strife's Events ====
Shortly before ''Phantom of the Past'' begins:
* '''Someone's Notes:''' Somebody (presumably Diluc's informant or collaborator) tells the Darknight Hero that the ley lines were acting up once more. They notify "essential individuals" per the operating procedures.
** '''The First Note:''' The same person praises the Darknight Hero's plans for how he dealt with the ley lines the previous time, but said that the plan had too many uncertainties.
** '''The Second Note:''' The same person tells the Darknight Hero to consult with Albedo in order to know more about the ley lines without the Knights of Favonius knowing about the situation.
Between ''Phantom of the Past'' and ''All's Well That Ends Well'', Diluc reaches out to Albedo regarding the ley lines.
* '''A Neatly Written Letter:''' Albedo tells Diluc of his findings after investigating with Diluc. Albedo also sent him a copy of a research paper he wrote concerning the ley lines a few years ago.
** '''Letter Addressed to Mr. Albedo:''' Diluc thanks Albedo for his explanation and research paper.
Shortly before ''All's Well That Ends Well'' begins:
* '''A New Letter:''' Somebody (presumably the same author as Someone's Notes) informs Diluc that the Knights of Favonius have strengthened their guards throughout Mondstadt. They also tell Diluc that should he be able to confirm that other locations are free of monsters, they can conclude that the ley line disorder is unrelated to the Abyss Order.

[[ja:残像暗戦/ストーリー]]
[[pt-br:Guerra Secreta/História]]
[[ru:Тайная война/История]]