{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73190
|image         = World Quest Hidden Mercenaries.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Old Notes and New Friends
|part          = 
|characters    = Traveler; Paimon; Soheil
|startLocation = [[Aaru Village]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Land of Lower Setekh
|subarea       = Aaru Village
|parent        = Soheil's Wish
|concurrent    = Desert's Remembrance
|concurrent2   = Invisible Barrier
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Primogem*40;Mora*40,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*3
}}
'''''Hidden Mercenaries''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the {{Quest|Old Notes and New Friends}}.

==Steps==
# Go near the Lamb-Devourer Rock
# Enter [[Thutmose]]'s secret base
# Look for valuable items
# Hand the slates to [[Soheil]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* To obtain the password, the [[Eremite Axe Vanguard]] that patrols near the switch must be followed. There is a glowing marker over her head, similar to the marker used on enemy hints in Mondstadt and Liyue [[Bounties]].
* The steps of this quest can be completed before obtaining this quest. Most dialogue is the same.
* The [[Eremite]]s that are part of this quest respawn immediately when the area is reloaded. They do not drop items, [[Mora]], or [[Character EXP]].
* Most of the Eremites that are part of this quest have a [[Stealth]] gauge that becomes visible when it is not empty. However, unlike most Stealth gameplay, the player's controls are unchanged, and alerting most Eremites will not reset progress.
* Activating the switch and opening the door to the secret base grants the {{Achievement|What's the Password?}}.

==Dialogue==
===Normal Dialogue===
{{Quest Description|Soheil's notes mention a place known as the Lamb-Devourer Rock. There might be a Thutmose's secret base around that area, too.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location after obtaining this quest)
:'''Paimon:''' This is where the notes mentioned that Thutmose would suddenly appear and then disappear.
:'''Paimon:''' But it has been such a long time, so even if there was a hiding spot, it should be abandoned by now, shouldn't it?
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, never mind! They're still around! We've gotta keep our voices down!
:'''Paimon:''' This means they probably do have a secret hideout around here &mdash; and that means treasure!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm. Soheil's notes did mention that the Eremites here would appear and disappear out of the blue. They sure sound like a dangerous bunch.
:'''Paimon:''' How about we quietly observe the surroundings for a while and figure out this place's secret?

;(Interact with the device before obtaining the password, optional)
:'''Operate Device:''' Speak the password, and the path will open.
:{{DIcon}} ...?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh, it didn't respond. Guess we need to figure out the password before we can get in... And whatever you're thinking, it's definitely not anything written on the door!
:{{DIcon}} Password.
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, come on! No one's going to set such a simple password! The words on this gate aren't it either!
::'''Paimon:''' See, it didn't respond. Guess we need to figure out the password before we can get in...
:'''Paimon:''' Why don't we listen in on some of the Eremites nearby? They might have some clues for us.

;(Approach the Eremite Axe Vanguard)
:'''Paimon:''' This mercenary keeps walking this and way and that over here. On patrol, maybe?
:'''Paimon:''' Let's {{color|buzzword|follow her quietly}}. Maybe she might lead us to some clues!

;(While following the Eremite Axe Vanguard)
:'''Patrolling Mercenary:''' Gah. Why isn't the Boss back yet? Did something happen to him?
:'''Patrolling Mercenary:''' Well, whatever. If anything does happen, I just need to duck behind that password-protected door.
:'''Patrolling Mercenary:''' Uh, wait a minute. What was the password again? Darn it...
:'''Patrolling Mercenary:''' Was it Marg bar parvezravan... or was it Maq bara parvezvan?
:'''Patrolling Mercenary:''' Wait, it was Parvezravan. That's right. The password's {{color|buzzword|Marg bar parvezravan}}...
:'''Patrolling Mercenary:''' Better say it a few times so I don't forget...
:'''Patrolling Mercenary:''' {{color|buzzword|Marg bar parvezravan}}...
:'''Patrolling Mercenary:''' {{color|buzzword|Marg bar parvezravan}}...
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, she keeps repeating that weird phrase... and something about a door that needs a password to enter?
:'''Paimon:''' Let's try looking for it nearby!

;(If the Eremites are alerted)
:'''Alert Mercenary:''' Careful, folks, we've got company!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, these Eremites seem to be on high alert now. Let's leave first and come back later.

;(Interact with the switch after obtaining the password)
:'''Operate Device:'''
:{{DIcon}} Marg bar parvezravan...
:;(The door opens)
:{{DIcon}} Maq bara parvezvan...
::'''Operate Device:''' (You get no reaction at all. Nothing happens.)

;(After opening the door)
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh! The door's moving!
:'''Paimon:''' But that password was way too hard. No wonder Thutmose uses this place as their base.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|As it turned out, there was a Thutmose base here after all. Tail any patrolling mercenaries and find a way to enter that base.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the two Eremites guarding the entrance inside the base)
:'''Thutmose Member:''' Intruders!
:'''Thutmose Member:''' Wait, what!? How's that possible?

;(Approach the cavern with the Luxurious Chest)
:'''Paimon:''' Ohoho! Not only is this place their secret base, but it's also their treasure stash! No wonder they needed such a tough password.
:'''Paimon:''' But y'know, it doesn't look like there's anything here that Soheil can use...

;(Opening the Common Chest containing [[Record of Lamb-Devourer Rock]])
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, this chest has a bunch of random junk in it... and a battered stone slate?
:'''Paimon:''' Those researchers would be super mad if they found out that the mercenaries just stashed it away like this.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You have found the stone slate that the mercenaries tossed aside. Bring it back to Soheil.}}
{{Quest Description|As it turns out, you have explored the Lamb-Devourer Rock mentioned in Soheil's notes before. Might as well give the stone slate you found there to him straight.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Soheil)
:'''Soheil:''' You're back. Did you find anything special in the desert?{{Transclude|Soheil's Wish|lamb-devourer rock|section=1}}
:;(Quest completes)
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Soheil:''' Alright. If you do find anything, please share them with me and quench my thirst for knowledge.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Alternate Dialogue===
;While exploring Lamb-Devourer Rock before obtaining the quest
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the cavern with the Luxurious Chest)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like this is their treasure stash! No wonder they used such a complex password...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's have a look around. No stone unturned, no chest unopened!

;(Opening the Common Chest containing [[Record of Lamb-Devourer Rock]])
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, this chest has a bunch of random junk in it... and a battered stone slate?
:'''Paimon:''' Let's take it with us. Who knows, one Paimon's trash might be some researcher's gem!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
*"Marg bar" is a Persian phrase which means "Down with," followed by a noun. In this case, "Marg bar parvezravan" means "Down with [[Parvezravan]]," who was the second-to-last king of the ancient city-state [[Gurabad]].

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/SRXaAS_4LdE
|caption1 = Guide: Hidden Mercenaries
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hidden Mercenaries
|zhs     = 隐匿的佣兵
|zhs_rm  = Yǐnnì de Yōngbīng
|zht     = 隱匿的傭兵
|zht_rm  = Yǐnnì de Yōngbīng
|zh_tl   = Hidden Mercenaries
|ja      = 隠れし傭兵
|ja_rm   = Kakureshi Youhei
|ja_tl   = Hidden Mercenaries
|ko      = 숨어 있는 용병
|ko_tl   = Hidden Mercenaries
|es      = El escondite de los mercenarios
|es_tl   = Mercenary Hideout
|fr      = Mercenaires dissimulés
|fr_tl   = Hidden Mercenaries
|ru      = Затаившиеся наёмники
|ru_tl   = Hidden Mercenaries
|th      = ทหารรับจ้างที่หลบซ่อน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lính Đánh Thuê Ẩn Nấp
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verborgene Söldner
|de_tl   = Hidden Mercenaries
|id      = Tentara Bayaran Tersembunyi
|id_tl   = Hidden Mercenaries
|pt      = Os Mercenários Escondidos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Saklanmış Paralı Askerler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Mercenari nascosti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}