{{Event
|name              = Hilichurls' Treasure Trove
|image             = Hilichurls' Treasure Trove.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-12-07 12:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-01-17 23:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link3              = https://act.hoyolab.com/puzzle/bbs/pz_1f73uq_f9G/index.html
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br>The "Hilichurls' Treasure Trove" limited-time web event has officially launched! Take part to obtain Primogems, Mora, an event-exclusive avatar frame, and other rewards~}}
'''Hilichurls' Treasure Trove''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.3]].

==Event Duration==
December 7, 2022 — January 17, 2022 23:59:59 (UTC+8)

==Event Participation==
# During the event period, Travelers will be deemed to have successfully participated by completing the missions of logging into the game and HoYoLAB, visiting designated pages, and sharing pages, according to the requirements.
# Mission Details "Log in to Genshin Impact today.": To complete the mission, log into the game no later than 23:59 (UTC+8) the same day with a character from any game server linked to the HoYoLAB ID. If the mission status is not updating correctly, log back into the game or refresh the event page.
# There may be a delay in displaying mission status updates. Please refresh the page or wait a moment before trying again.
===Obtaining Keys===
# Travelers can complete the event missions according to the requirements to get a corresponding amount of Keys.
# Missions are divided into Daily Missions and Weekly Missions. "Daily Missions" will be refreshed at 00:00 (UTC+8) the following day, and "Weekly Missions" will be refreshed at 00:00 (UTC+8) every Monday.
# You will have to manually collect the Keys obtained in the event. Uncollected Keys will expire after the missions are refreshed and cannot be collected after the expiration date.
===Obtaining Rewards===
# The Keys obtained can be used for direct prize redemption or the prize draw. Travelers can choose either of these options based on their preference.
# Each type of prize can be redeemed at most once per Traveler during the event.
# Each Traveler can participate in the prize draw up to 5 times per day.

==Event Rewards==
# During the event period, the official team will regularly replenish the stock of the redemption area at 06:00, 14:00 and 22:00 (UTC+8) every Wednesday and Saturday. Every Tuesday and Friday, the prize draw area will be restocked at every hour sharp.
# In-game item redemption codes rewarded by participating in the event will be sent to the winners via forum messages, and Travelers can use the redemption code to exchange in the game.
# You must reach Adventure Rank 10 or above to redeem the redemption codes.
# The redemption codes are valid December 7 00:00, 2022 through January 20, 23:59:59, 2023 (UTC+8). Winners who miss the deadline will be deemed to have forfeited their rewards, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# The avatar frame rewards will be directly sent to Travelers' HoYoLAB accounts. Don't forget to claim it~

===Redemption Zone===
* Primogems ×60 (14,000 sets)
* Mora ×50,000 (14,000 sets)
* Hero's Wit ×5 (14,000 sets)

===Prize Draw Zone===
* Primogems ×60 (30,000 sets)
* Mora ×20,000 (50,000 sets)
* Hero's Wit ×2 (50,000 sets)
* Adventurer's Experience ×5 (40,000 sets)
* Fine Enhancement Ore ×5 (80,000 sets)
* "Akitsu Yuugei" Avatar Frame (30 days)
* "Akitsu Yuugei" Avatar Frame (90 days)
* "Akitsu Yuugei" Avatar Frame (Permanent)
* Keys ×60
* Keys ×10

==Notes==
# The Keys obtained in this event can only be redeemed and drawn in this page, and will not be used cumulatively with other events.
# After the end of this event, Travelers' unused Keys will expire at the end of the event.
# Keys and in-game rewards will be officially withdrawn in the following cases. If the Traveler has already used the Keys to redeem or draw prizes before the withdrawal, the prizes will be withdrawn:
#* The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
#* Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# If the Traveler cheats in the event (such as using technical loopholes to attack the site to obtain rewards, virtual transactions, etc.), the official team will revoke the offending Traveler's eligibility to participate in the event and has the right to withdraw the rewards obtained by the offending Traveler. In the event of a serious violation, the account may be subject to sanctions in accordance with the regulations.
# Virtual rewards (such as Primogems or Mora) are sent in the form of redemption codes via message notifications. Before taking part in the event, please enable system notification permissions. If you do not activate them, you will not be able to receive a redemption code. Activate them via: My Information &gt; New Message Notification Settings &gt; In-App Notification &gt; Enable.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Hilichurls' Treasure Trove}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}