{{Event
|name              = Hilichurls' Treasure Trove
|image             = Hilichurls' Treasure Trove 2.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-05-24 12:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-07-02 23:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link3             = https://act.hoyolab.com/puzzle/bbs/pz_piCJiKMQnV/index.html
}}
{{Description|The "Hilichurls' Treasure Trove" Web Event Returns!<br>The rewards have leveled up! In addition to Primogems, there's a chance to win merchandise!}}
'''Hilichurls' Treasure Trove''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.7]].

==Event Duration==
May 24, 2023 — July 2, 2023 23:59:59 (UTC+8)

==Event Participation==
# During the event period, Travelers can obtain Keys by completing the missions of logging into the game, visiting HoYoLAB, trying out Genshin Impact tools, etc.
# Mission Details "Log in to Genshin Impact today.": To complete the mission, log into the game no later than 23:59 (UTC+8) the same day with a character from any game server linked to the HoYoLAB ID. If the mission status is not updating correctly, log back into the game or refresh the event page.
===Obtaining Keys===
# Travelers can complete the event missions according to the requirements to get a corresponding amount of Keys.
# Missions are divided into Daily Missions and Weekly Missions. "Daily Missions" will be refreshed at 00:00 (UTC+8) the following day, and "Weekly Missions" will be refreshed at 00:00 (UTC+8) every Monday. Limited-Time Missions are exclusive to new HoYoLAB users, and are valid for 7 days after a new HoYoLAB account is registered.
# You will have to manually collect the Keys obtained in the event. Uncollected Keys will expire after the missions are refreshed and cannot be collected after the expiration date.
# The "Post" and "Like" missions in the event must be completed in the designated topics linked to the mission. Only posts and Likes under those topics are counted towards successfully completing the mission. Designated topics are those that are linked to the missions.
# The progress of completing missions such as completing 4 Daily Commissions, using 60 Original Resin will be counted from {{sic|March 2}}, 2023, 04:00 (UTC+8).<ref group="Note">It's most likely that the date wasn't updated since March 2 – April 11 period, and is supposed to reflect the starting date of current event period.</ref> You must complete the missions after this time to obtain keys.
===Obtaining Rewards===
# Each Traveler can use the Keys to participate in the prize draw up to 5 times per day.

==Event Rewards==
# In-game item redemption codes rewarded by participating in the event will be sent to the winners via forum messages, and Travelers can use the redemption code to exchange in the game.
# You must reach Adventure Rank 10 or above to redeem the redemption codes.
# The redemption codes are valid from May 24, 2023 00:00 to July 10, 2023 00:00 (UTC+8). Participants who miss the deadline will be deemed to have forfeited their rewards, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

===Prize Draw Zone===
====Physical Prizes====
* "Driving Thunder" Keqing Themed Mechanical Keyboard - TTC Speed Silver Key Switches (×1)
* Dodoco Plush Toy Hangable (×20)
* Yoimiya Impression Series Tote Bag (×20)
* Genshin Impact Series Mouse Mat - Scarlet Leaves Pursue Wild Waves (×20)
* Hu Tao Character Stand (×30)
* Yae Miko Acrylic Stand (×30)
* Slime Series Dessert Party Slime Squishables - Cryo Slime (×20)
* Character Portrait Series Acrylic Hangable - Kaedehara Kazuha (×30)
* Character Portrait Series Acrylic Hangable - Raiden Shogun (×30)
====Digital Prizes====
* Primogems ×200 (1,000 sets)
* Primogems ×150 (4,800 sets)
* Primogems ×60 (6,000 sets)
* Primogems ×30 (76,000 sets)
* Mora ×20,000 (50,000 sets)
* Mora ×10,000 (70,000 sets)
* Hero's Wit ×2 (50,000 sets)
* Hero's Wit ×5 (14,000 sets)
* Adventurer's Experience ×5 (40,000 sets)
* Fine Enhancement Ore ×5 (56,000 sets)
* Fine Enhancement Ore ×3 (40,000 sets)
* Keys ×5
* Laid-Back Hilichurl HoYoLAB Avatar Frame (Permanent)

==Event Missions==
The following event missions will each award 5 Keys (unless stated otherwise). It costs 30 Keys to draw once in the Prize Draw Zone.
===Daily Missions===
* Log in to HoYoLAB today (×10 Keys)
* Check in once on Genshin Impact Daily Check-In and obtain Primogems ×100 on your first check-in<ref group="Note">Requires clicking on the link for completion.</ref>
* Log in to Genshin Impact today
===Weekly Missions===
A total of 6 different missions will appear each week.
* Enhance a weapon once
* Visit the HoYoWiki home page once this week
* Learn about and use Genshin Impact widgets this week
* View 1 popular event this week
* Head over to trending topics for content
* Complete 4 Daily Commissions
* Check your Genshin Impact Battle Chronicle once this week
* Visit the Card Plaza once this week
* View 1 popular event this week
* Head over to trending topics for content
* Perform Artifact enhancements twice
* Collect 3 Crystal Cores
* Use a total of 60 Original Resin
* Complete 2 Domain Challenges
* Cook 5 dishes
* Spend a total of 1,000 Mora
* Forge 5 Items
* Mine 5 Items
* Obtain 3 pieces of wood
* Open 2 Ley Line Blossom chests
===One-Time Missions===
These missions can only be completed once per event period.
* Fish out 1 bottle in the [https://act.hoyolab.com/bbs/event/epiaol0820v2/index.html "BottleMi" event]

==Other==
# The Keys obtained in this event can only be redeemed and drawn in this page, and will not be used cumulatively with other events.
# After the end of this event, Travelers' unused Keys will expire at the end of the event.
# Keys and in-game rewards will be officially withdrawn in the following cases. If the Traveler has already used the Keys to redeem or draw prizes before the withdrawal, the prizes will be withdrawn:
#* The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
#* Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# If the Traveler cheats in the event (such as using technical loopholes to attack the site to obtain rewards, virtual transactions, etc.), the official team will revoke the offending Traveler's eligibility to participate in the event and has the right to withdraw the rewards obtained by the offending Traveler. In the event of a serious violation, the account may be subject to sanctions in accordance with the regulations.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Hilichurls' Treasure Trove}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

[[pt-br:Baú de Tesouros dos Hilichurls/24-05-2023]]