{{Book Collection Infobox
|image     = Book Hilichurl Ballad Selection.png
|author    = Jacob Musk
|quality   = 3
|volumes   = 2
|vol1      = [[Mondstadt's Library]]
|vol2      = Mondstadt's library from [[Ella Musk]]
}}
'''Hilichurl Ballad Selection''' is a [[Book Collection]] found in [[Mondstadt's Library]]. Volume 2 can be obtained by initiating and following a certain dialogue path from [[Ella Musk]].

==Vol. 1==
{{Description|The masterpiece of the Poet Laureate of [[Hilichurlian]]! Scholar [[Jacob Musk]] will show you the mysterious spiritual world of the hilichurls through this poetry collection!}}

A collection of [[Hilichurls|hilichurl]] poetry compiled by the Mondstadt ecologist Jacob Musk. During the writing of this book, Musk traveled across the continent to visit every hilichurl tribe, even going so far as to venture deep into hilichurl settlements and become intimately acquainted with their lives. Musk was praised as the "Poet Laureate of Hilichurlian" for this book, but it is evident that neither the scholar himself nor the hilichurls were particularly fond of this honor. Jacob Musk, though enthusiastic about hilichurl studies, loathed to be associated with them even in his late years.

The first song:<br />
Mi muhe ye<br />
Mi biat ye<br />
Biat ye dada<br />
Muhe dada

Quite possibly a battle song sung by the hilichurls before combat. I have observed that when two or more hilichurls are present, they engage in frenzied brawling after singing this vulgar song.<ref group="Note">The [https://bbs.mihoyo.com/ys/obc/content/520/detail?bbs_presentation_style=no_header original Chinese text] specifies that when two or more hilichurls are present, after one of them sings this song, all hilichurls present will quickly descend into a frenzied brawl. Jacob Musk then adds that the spectacle is incomparably intense.</ref>

The second song:<br />
Eleka mimi-a-Domu<br />
Mita domu-a-dada<br />
La-la-la<br />
La-la-la<br />
Mimi mosi ye mita

The song is sung by hilichurls as they dance around totem poles.<br />In my estimation it is some form of tribal hymn. It has an upbeat tone and is usually heard during festivals.

The third song:<br />
Mi muhe mita nye<br />
Mi muhe mita nye<br />
Muhe nye<br />
Muhe nye<br />
Gusha<br />
Biat, gusha

A melancholic hilichurl song I heard during an exchange with an elderly samachurl. Although I do not yet understand the literal meaning of the poem, the overwhelming sense of grief that comes through in the song is enough to captivate the best poets in my birthplace (despite such praise, I must admit the acrid smells coming from the elderly hilichurls were just as melancholic, and just as overwhelming).

==Vol. 2==
{{Description|Are wine and poetry a part of the hilichurl lifestyle? Do they have pure and devout desires? Expert on the hilichurls, Jacob Musk, is here to answer!}}

The fourth song:<br />
Celi upa celi<br />
Sada shato lata<br />
Kuzi unu ya zido<br />
[[Unu]] dada

A song sung by [[Samachurls]]. Judging by the reaction of the chief, the song seems to bear a special philosophical meaning for the hilichurls. It may appear ridiculous in the mainstream academic circles, and I have no intention of casting doubt upon well-established views, but I feel obliged to say that the question of whether philosophical discourse truly exists among the Hilichurls is one that still fascinates me to this day, and may be deserving of further study.

The fifth song:<br />
Nini movo muhe yoyo<br />
Nini movo mimi tomo<br />
Lata movo mosi yoyo<br />
Celi movo celi yoyo

Much like the people of Mondstadt, the wind-worshiping hilichurl tribes often drink to excess and sing endless songs of praise to the [[Anemo Archon]].<ref group="Note">Mistranslation: The original Chinese text simply says that they sing endless songs of praise to the wind, rather than the Anemo Archon.</ref> This is a hilichurl ode that is often heard when they are inebriated.<ref group="Note">The original Chinese text specifies that this song is sung by hilichurl shamans.</ref>

The sixth song:<br />
Unu, unu<br />
Yaya ika kundala!<br />
Unu, unu<br />
Mita dada ya dala?<br />
Unu, unu<br />
Kuzi mita dada ye<br />
Mita dada-a-mimi

A pious ode that is only sung by hilichurls during sacrifices.<ref group="Note">The original Chinese text specifies that the ode is dedicated to the gods.</ref> When performing this ode, the hilichurls often add percussion by beating the backsides of the weakest tribe members with planks, creating rhythmic ringing sounds. It must be quite painful.

The seventh song:<br />
Mimi movo<br />
Mimi sada<br />
Mimi domu<br />
Domu upa<br />
Gusha dada

It appears that many hilichurl tribes share a tradition of exchanging songs around bonfires in the moonlight. This song is one such bonfire ballad sung by the chief at the end of the night. At the end of the song, the chief shouts "nunu" three times, which presumably carries the meaning of "sleep."

==Trivia==
* The book's cover and spine says ''HILIPOETRY'' in the [[Teyvat Language]].

===Hilichurlian Translation===
Based on current understanding of [[Hilichurlian]], the poems may go as follows:

====1st Poem====
{| class="wikitable"
! Original !! Translation
|-
| Mi muhe ye || I triumph over you
|-
| Mi biat ye || I strike you down
|-
| Biat ye dada || Strike you down with glory
|- 
| Muhe dada || Victory with glory
|}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hilichurl Ballad Selection
|zhs     = 丘丘人诗歌选
|zhs_rm  = Qiūqiū-rén Shīgē Xuǎn
|zht     = 丘丘人詩歌選
|zht_rm  = Qiūqiū-rén Shīgē Xuǎn
|zh_tl   = Hilichurl Poem Selection
|ja      = ヒルチャール詩歌集
|ja_rm   = Hiruchaaru Shiikashuu{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Hilichurl Poetry Collection
|ko      = 츄츄족 시집선
|ko_rm   = Chuchujok Sijipseon
|ko_tl   = Collection of Hilichurl Poems
|es      = Antología de baladas Hilichurl
|es_tl   = Anthology of Hilichurl Ballads
|fr      = Anthologie de la poésie Brutocollinus
|fr_tl   = Anthology of Hilichurl Poetry
|ru      = Сборник хиличурлской поэзии
|ru_tl   = Hilichurl Poetry Collection
|th      = ชุดบทกวีของ Hilichurl
|th_rm   = Chut bot kawi kong Hilichurl
|th_tl   = Collection of Hilichurl Poems
|vi      = Thi Ca Hilichurl
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Hilichurl-Balladen – Eine Auswahl
|de_tl   = Hilichurl Ballads - A Selection
|id      = Kompilasi Balada Hilichurl
|id_tl   = Hilichurl Ballad Compilation
|pt      = Antologia de poemas de Hilichurl
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Dağ Yabanisi Seçkileri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Antologia di ballate hilichurliane
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Antología de baladas Hilichurl]]
[[fr:Anthologie de la poésie Brutocollinus]]
[[id:Pilihan Balada Hilichurl]]
[[pt-br:Seleção de Poemas de Hilichurls]]
[[ru:Сборник хиличурлских песен]]
[[th:ชุดบทกวีของ Hilichurl]]