{{Event
|name              = Hilichurls' Treasure Trove
|image             = Hilichurls' Treasure Trove 3.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-08-16 12:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-09-24 23:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link3             = https://act.hoyolab.com/puzzle/bbs/pz_4TwMkm724l/index.html
}}
{{Description|The "Hilichurls' Treasure Trove" Limited-Time Event Has Begun!<br>Primogem rewards and Profile Page Background Image await! >>>}}
'''Hilichurls' Treasure Trove''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.0]].

==Event Duration==
August 16, 2023 &ndash; September 24, 2023 23:59:59 (UTC+8)

==Event Participation==
#During the event period, Travelers can obtain Keys by completing the missions of logging into the game, visiting HoYoLAB, trying out Genshin Impact tools, etc.
#Mission Details "Log in to Genshin Impact today.": To complete the mission, log into the game no later than 23:59 (UTC+8) the same day with a character from any game server linked to the HoYoLAB ID. If the mission status is not updating correctly, log back into the game or refresh the event page.

===Obtaining Keys===
#Travelers can complete the event missions according to the requirements to get a corresponding amount of Keys.
#Missions are divided into Daily Missions, Limited-Time Missions, and Weekly Missions. "Daily Missions" will be refreshed at 00:00 (UTC+8) the following day, and "Weekly Missions" will be refreshed at 00:00 (UTC+8) every Monday. Limited-Time Missions are exclusive to new HoYoLAB users, and are valid for 7 days after a new HoYoLAB account is registered.
#You will have to manually collect the Keys obtained in the event. Uncollected Keys will expire after the missions are refreshed and cannot be collected after the expiration date.
#The "Post" and "Like" missions in the event must be completed in the designated topics linked to the mission. Only posts and Likes under those topics are counted towards successfully completing the mission. Designated topics are those that are linked to the missions.
#Recording of in-game mission progress, such as completing 4 Daily Commissions and consuming 60 Original Resin, starts at 04:00 (Server Time).

==Event Rewards==
===Rules===
====Prize Draw Zone====
#Each Traveler can use the Key to participate in the lucky draw up to 5 times per day.
#During the event, each Traveler is guaranteed to obtain an Avatar Frame after 10 Draws and a Profile Page Background Image after a total of 15 Draws.
#Each redeemable reward can only be obtained once per Traveler.

====Redemption Zone====
#Redeemable rewards are renewed every Wednesday at 19:00 (UTC+8).
#Each redeemable reward can only be obtained once and will not be replenished after storage is cleared.
#Rewards Renewal Schedule:
#*Primogems ×60. From August 16 to September 26, 1,000 units of this reward will be available on every Wednesday at 19:00 (UTC+8) for a total of 6,000 units.
#*Mora ×10,000. From August 16 to September 26, 5,000 units of this reward will be available on every Wednesday at 19:00 (UTC+8) for a total of 30,000 units.
#*Mora ×50,000. From August 16 to September 26, 3,000 units of this reward will be made available during the first week, and 1,000 units will be delivered every Wednesday at 19:00 (UTC+8) for a total of 8,000 units.
#*Hero's Wit ×2. From August 16 to September 26, 1,000 units of this reward will be available on every Wednesday at 19:00 (UTC+8) for a total of 6,000 units.
#*Hero's Wit ×5. From August 16 to September 26, 1,000 units of this reward will be available on every Wednesday at 19:00 (UTC+8) for a total of 6,000 units.

====Reward Details====
#In-game item redemption codes rewarded by participating in the event will be sent to the winners via forum messages, and Travelers can use the redemption code to exchange in the game.
#You must reach Adventure Rank 10 or above to redeem the redemption codes.
#The redemption codes are valid from August 16, 2023 00:00 to September 30, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8). Participants who miss the deadline will be deemed to have forfeited their rewards, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

===Rewards===
====Prize Draw Zone====
Each Draw costs 20 Keys.
*Primogems ×200 (1,500 sets)
*Primogems ×100 (2,000 sets)
*Primogems ×30 (90,000 sets)
*Mora ×10,000 (100,000 sets)
*Hero's Wit ×5 (22,800 sets)
*Hero's Wit ×2 (7,000 sets)
*Adventurer's Experience ×5 (40,000 sets)
*Fine Enhancement Ore ×5 (80,000 sets)
*"Shy Hilichurl" HoYoLAB Avatar Frame (90 days)
*"Shy Hilichurl" HoYoLAB Avatar Frame (Permanent)
**Guaranteed in 10 Draws
*"As Light Rain Falls Without Reason" HoYoLAB Profile Page Background Image
**Guaranteed in 15 Draws
*Key ×5

====Redemption Zone====
*Primogems ×60 (6,000 sets), ×300 Keys
*Mora ×10,000 (30,000 sets), ×50 Keys
*Mora ×50,000 (8,000 sets), ×250 Keys
*Hero's Wit ×2 (6,000 sets), ×100 Keys
*Hero's Wit ×5 (6,000 sets), ×250 Keys
*"Akiitsu Yuugei" HoYoLAB Avatar Frame (30 days) (5,400,000), ×40 Keys
*"Akiitsu Yuugei" HoYoLAB Avatar Frame (90 days) (5,400,000), ×90 Keys
*"Daily Adventures" HoYoLAB Avatar Frame (30 days) (5,400,000), ×40 Keys
*"Daily Adventures" HoYoLAB Avatar Frame (90 days) (5,400,000), ×90 Keys
==Event Missions==
The following event missions will each award 5 Keys (unless stated otherwise). It costs 20 Keys to draw once in the Prize Draw Zone.

===Daily Missions===
*Log in to HoYoLAB today (×10 Keys)
*Check in once on Genshin Impact Daily Check-In and obtain Primogems ×100 on your first check-in<ref group="Note">Requires clicking on the link for completion.</ref>
*Log in to Genshin Impact today (×10 Keys)

===Weekly Missions===
A total of 7 different missions will appear each week.
* 2 of the following:
** Use a HoYoWiki Travel Calendar to quickly check the reset time for materials
** Use the new underwater map available in the Teyvat Interactive Map to facilitate your underwater exploration
** Use the Teyvat Interactive Map to experience the new Multi-Layered Map
** Use the Line-Up Simulator to clear the Spiral Abyss with ease
** Use the Battle Chronicle to view your Spiral Abyss combat results with a single click
** Use the Teyvat Interactive Map to check efficient gathering routes for Character Ascension Materials with a single click
** Use the Enhancement Progression Calculator to quickly calculate the materials required for enhancing different characters
** Head to "Battle Chronicle" to get an overview of data for events and challenges
** Add widgets to view your game progress and favorite companions
** Check out the Traveler's Diary to view details about your monthly Primogems and Mora
* View and participate in 1 popular event this week<ref group="Note">Clicking on the link is sufficient for completion.</ref>
* View this week's trendy discussions and leave a fun comment (×10 Keys)<ref group="Note">Leaving a comment isn't required.</ref>
** ''Starting from August, 27 replaced with the following:'' View and participate in this week's trending discussions (x10 Keys)
* View this week's trendy discussions and leave a fun comment (×10 Keys)<ref group="Note">Leaving a comment may be required.</ref><!-- for some reason it was required during the 1st&3rd weeks and not required the 2nd, 4th, 5th&6th -->
** ''Starting from September, 3 replaced with the following:'' View and participate in this week's trending discussions (x10 Keys)
* 2 of the following:
** Enhance a weapon once
** Complete 4 Daily Commissions
** Collect 3 Crystal Cores
** Perform Artifact enhancement twice
** Complete 2 Domain Challenges
** Use a total of 60 Original Resin
** Spend a total of 1,000 Mora
** Cook 5 dishes
** Mine 5 Items
** Forge 5 Items
** Open 2 Ley Line Blossom chests
** Obtain 3 pieces of wood

==Other==
#The Keys obtained in this event can only be redeemed and drawn in this page, and will not be used cumulatively with other events.
#After the end of this event, Travelers' unused Keys will expire at the end of the event.
#Keys and in-game rewards will be officially withdrawn in the following cases. If the Traveler has already used the Keys to redeem or draw prizes before the withdrawal, the prizes will be withdrawn:
#*The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
#*Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
#If the Traveler cheats in the event (such as using technical loopholes to attack the site to obtain rewards, virtual transactions, etc.), the official team will revoke the offending Traveler's eligibility to participate in the event and has the right to withdraw the rewards obtained by the offending Traveler. In the event of a serious violation, the account may be subject to sanctions in accordance with the regulations.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hilichurls' Treasure Trove
|zhs     = 丘丘人的百宝箱
|zhs_rm  = Qiūqiū-rén de Bǎibǎo-xiāng
|zht     = 丘丘人的百寶箱
|zht_rm  = Qiūqiū-rén de Bǎibǎo-xiāng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ヒルチャールの宝箱
|ja_rm   = Hiruchaaru no Takarabako
|ja_tl   = Hilichurls' Treasure Chest
|ko      = 츄츄족의 보물상자
|ko_rm   = Chyuchyujok-ui Bomulsangja
|ko_tl   = Hilichurls' Treasure Chest
|es      = El tesoro de los Hilichurls
|es_tl   = The Treasure of the Hilichurls
|fr      = Les trésors du Brutocollinus
|fr_tl   = Hilichurl's Treasures
|ru      = Сокровища хиличурлов
|ru_tl   = Hilichurls' Treasures
|th      = หีบสมบัติของ Hilichurl
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kho Báu Của Hilichurl
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schätze der Hilichurle
|de_tl   = Hilichurls' Treasures
|id      = Harta Karun Hilichurl
|id_tl   = Hilichurl's Treasure
|pt      = Baú de Tesouro dos Hilichurls
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Dağ Yabanisinin Hazinesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il tesoro degli Hilichurl
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

[[pt-br:Baú de Tesouros dos Hilichurls/16-08-2023]]