<!-- for the purposes of this article, "hilichurl" is not a proper noun -->
{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Culture
|tab3 = Media
}}
{{Cleanup/Urgent}}
==Daily Life==
===Architecture===
{{Stub|merge [[Hilichurl Structures]] into this section?}}
Hilichurls have been observed building structures for daily use, storage, and guard duties. Some structures are built using "long-lost techniques."<ref name="spiral watchtower" />

Structures are primarily made of wood and stone, with metal and cloth as needed or desired, and may feature decorative designs drawn or etched on cloth or stone. A long, pole-like white material that tapers to a point at one end is often used. Though its composition is unknown, it appears flexible enough for shaping yet rigid enough to support completed structures. This material is always covered with decorative designs.

Hilichurlian structures largely appear simple and crude but may be remarkably sturdy.<ref name="spiral watchtower">{{Ref/Furnishing|Hilichurl Spiral Watchtower}}</ref><ref name="totam fence">{{Ref/Furnishing|Hilichurl Totem Fence}}</ref> They may even be specially treated, although how and by whom are both unknown.<ref name="wood fence">{{Ref/Furnishing|Wooden Hilichurl Fence}}</ref>

Hilichurlian [[furnishing]]s include [[Building/Hilichurl Style|Hilichurl Style Buildings]] as well as:
* [[Hilichurl Spiral Watchtower]]
* [[Hilichurl Straw Hut]]
* [[Hilichurl Archery Target]]
* [[Hilichurl Horned Pot]]
* [[Wooden Hilichurl Fence]]
* [[Hilichurl Totem Fence]]
* [[Hilichurl Outpost Hut]]
* [[Hilichurl Chieftain Hall]]

===Activities===
Hilichurls have been observed patrolling, standing guard, practicing combat, dancing, staring into the distance at the edge of cliffs, staring at items of interest such as [[Flaming Flower]]s, relaxing, napping, mining and watching other hilichurls. They may do so alone, in pairs, or in groups.

====Dancing====
Hilichurls may dance when they are happy.<ref name="language exchange">{{Ref/Quest|Language Exchange}}</ref><ref name="poetry exchange">{{Ref/Quest|Poetry Exchange}}</ref> They may also dance around items of interest, such as the broken sundial near the [[Thousand Winds Temple]], and foods such as bird eggs and lavender melons.<ref name="crisis of shields">{{Ref/Quest|Crisis of Shields}}</ref><ref name="lavender melon egg dance" group="Note" /> Hilichurls also watch fellow hilichurls who dance.<ref name="energy amplifier"> Event [[Energy Amplifier Fruition]] Places of Interest: [[Energy Amplifier/2021-12-24/Places of Interest#Act II|Act II]]</ref> Hilichurls can also be observed dancing as conducted by an abyss mage.

===Food===
Hilichurls eat a large midday meal and likely also eat another meal before sleeping.<ref name="HHH" />

Hilichurls enjoy meat so much that the phrase {{Lang|hil=''mosi mita''|hil_lit=eat meat,}} is also an expression of happiness in Hilichurlian, and have been observed keeping [[Forest Boar]]s in fenced-off areas, suggesting that they may practice raising livestock. They do not enjoy eating vegetables, fruits, and other plants, to the point that the phrase {{Lang|hil=''mosi gusha''|hil_lit=eat grass,}} is also an expression of sadness in Hilichurlian. While hillichurls have not been observed practicing agriculture, they value seeds.<ref name="HHH">{{Ref/Book|Handy Handbook of Hilichurlian}}</ref><ref name="lavender melon egg dance" group="Note">Respawning hilichurls in [[Tatarasuna]], west of [[Kannazuka]]'s [[Statue of The Seven]]</ref>

Hilichurls have been observed boiling water<ref>Event [[Wishful Drops]] Area II: [[Wishful Drops/Story#Area II: Wavering Waterweeds|Wavering Waterweeds]]</ref> using [[Flaming Flower]]s.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Moonfinger}}</ref>

===Religion and Spirituality===
In Teyvat, it is a commonly held belief that hilichurls' spirituality disappeared along with their history and intellect.<ref name="hilichurl">{{Ref/Enemy|Hilichurl}}</ref> Despite this, hilichurls participate in many spiritual and religious acts.

Shamans — [[Samachurls]] — are the religious and spiritual guides of their tribe, leading them in the worship of [[Element|Elemental Energy]]. In [[Mondstadt]], some tribes venerate [[Anemo]], but hold no reverence for [[Barbatos]], the Anemo archon.<ref name="HCC2">{{Ref/Book|Hilichurl Cultural Customs|2|title = Hilichurl Spirituality}}</ref> It is suggested that Shamans might only preach the word of their elemental affinity.<ref name="anemo samachurl">{{Ref/Enemy|Anemo Samachurl}}</ref> But regardless of the elemental affiliation of their Shaman, each hilichurl is free to worship an element of their choosing; Within a single tribe, hilichurls with differing elemental beliefs live alongside each other. A hilichurl's element of worship is often reflected by the designs on their masks or the color of their body paint. Shamans also dye their hair and skin to match their element of worship.<ref name="HCC2" /> Notably, the Eclipse Tribe in Mondstadt's [[Dadaupa Gorge]] do not worship any form of elemental energy, but instead occult power. This is represented by a symbol reminiscent of an eclipsed sun that can be seen throughout their encampment. The Shamans of the Eclipse Tribe are much stronger than those of other tribes for reasons unknown.<ref name="HCC4">{{Ref/Book|Hilichurl Cultural Customs|4|title = Dadaupa Gorge, Mondstadt: A Case for Cultural Diversity Among the Hilichurls}}</ref>

====Ceremonies and Practices====
Song and dance are the hilichurls most common modes of worship. Hilichurls throughout Teyvat are observed dancing before chanting Samachurls, in front of ancient structures like the sundial near the Thousand Winds Temple, and around totems. In tribal life, the Shaman leads ritual dancing and the singing of hymns praising the elements.<ref name="HCC2" /> During his travels studying hilichurls, [[Jacob Musk]] transcribed at least one of these religious odes. Dance, however, is not strictly reserved for religious acts.<ref name="hili ballads" /> Based on their positive reactions during [[Ella Musk]]'s commissions, hilichurls also dance when they are satisfied or happy.<ref name="language exchange" /><ref name="poetry exchange" />

When a hunt provides more meat than the tribe needs, excess will be placed on an altar by the Shaman as an offering to the elements. Despite having abundant treasures like Mora, precious stones, and other valuables, none are ever placed on the altar alongside or instead of meat.<ref name="HCC2" /> As the Hilichurlian word for meat — ''mita'' — is synonymous with the terms "delicious foods" and "liked items," it might be assumed that to a hilichurl, meat is a most precious gift.<ref name="HHH" />

Hilichurls also keep items specifically for ceremonial use.<ref name="black bronze horn">{{Ref/Item|Black Bronze Horn}}</ref> Though it is unclear if these items are for religious ceremonies specifically.

===Social Relations===
Hilichurlian social structure is mostly understood through Jacob Musk's books, [[Hilichurl Cultural Customs]] and [[Hilichurl Ballad Selection]].

Most hilichurls live in tribes, such as the [[Meaty Tribe]], [[Sleepy Tribe]], and [[Eclipse Tribe]] in Dadaupa Gorge.

Samachurls, who are the oldest, and [[Lawachurl]]s (literally Chief-churl in hilichurlian), who are the strongest, have the highest social status. Lawachurls prefer to be alone, although they may be followed by admirers. Samachurls lead tribes and may be ousted by [[Mitachurl]]s (literally good/meaty-churls), who are stronger and more aggressive. Mitachurls may also cause infighting.<ref name="totam fence" />

[[Hilichurl Rogue]]s are not affiliated with any tribe and wander for reasons unknown, though some speculate that they are seeking a bygone splendor that once belonged to their people. They may occasionally assist a hilichurl group or tribe for a short time before continuing on their journey.

Hilichurls communicate with other tribes, and also have long-distance communication.<ref name="mutual exchange">{{Ref/Quest|Mutual Exchange}}</ref><ref name="hilichurl justice">{{Ref/Quest|Hilichurl Justice}}</ref>

The vast majority of hilichurls are wary of humans and attack on sight, but some are willing to talk.

==Designs, Motifs, and Symbols==
Every hilichurl wears a mask, as they fear potentially seeing their own reflections.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Requiem of the Echoing Depths}}</ref> Some masks have an insignia with a brown diamond,<ref>{{Ref/Item|Stained Mask}}</ref> while others show their corresponding element.<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Pyro Hilichurl Shooter}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Electro Hilichurl Shooter}}</ref>

==Technology==
Hilichurls likely rely on the technology given to them (e.g., only given orders to handle machinery) in addition to things in their environment (see [[Electro Hilichurl Grenadier]]) and do not appear to have had notable technological innovation. They hail from the time of [[Khaenri'ah]], but still use primitive weapons.

===Slimes===
Hilichurls use [[Slime]]s for a myriad of purposes including weaponry and quality of life purposes. [[Cryo Slime]]s are utilized to keep food fresh, and hilichurls capture [[Anemo Slime]]s for use in slime balloons — vehicles that transport food and other supplies.<ref name="cryo hilichurl grenadier">{{Ref/Enemy|Cryo Hilichurl Grenadier}}</ref><ref name="dangerous haul">{{Quest|Dangerous Haul}}</ref>

Frostburst ([[Cryo]]), [[Pyro]], [[Dendro]], [[Electro]] and [[Hydro]] [[Exploding Barrel]]s are crafted with Slimes, their eyes can be seen through a hole in the side of the barrel.<ref name="cryo hilichurl grenadier" /> Notably, [[Geo]] exploding barrels do not appear to have a slime inside. It is unknown if these hilichurls are capable of crafting Geo exploding barrels. In particular, Pyro and Electro barrels can be found in hilichurl settlements, but Pyro is the only variant found across all of Teyvat. Though exploding barrels can often be found littered throughout hilichurl encampments, it is unknown how they are used. Despite this, hilichurls do use slimes offensively but in other ways.

[[Anemo Hilichurl Rogue]]s summon then latch onto Anemo slimes in battle, using them to hover in the air.<ref name="anemo rogue">{{Ref/Enemy|Anemo Hilichurl Rogue}}</ref> [[Hydro Hilichurl Rogue]]s use [[Hydro Slime]]s to launch mist bubbles at their foes.<ref name="hydro rogue">{{Ref/Enemy|Hydro Hilichurl Rogue}}</ref> Additionally, mitachurls have found many uses for slimes. [[Dendro Slime]]s are used to fortify shields.<ref name="wooden shieldwall">{{Ref/Enemy|Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl}}</ref> [[Crackling Axe Mitachurl]]s infuse their axes with Electro using [[Electro Slime]]s.<ref name="crackling axe">{{Ref/Enemy|Crackling Axe Mitachurl}}</ref> And [[Blazing Axe Mitachurl]]s use [[Pyro Slime]]s to the same effect.<ref name="blazing axe">{{Ref/Enemy|Blazing Axe Mitachurl}}</ref> Pyro, Cryo, and Electro [[Hilichurl Grenadier (Enemy Group)|grenadiers]] dig Slimes from the ground to hurl at their enemies.<ref name="grenadiers">{{Ref/Enemy|Hilichurl Grenadier}}</ref>

It is hypothesized that hilichurls’ extensive knowledge on the uses of Slimes stems from necessity — a way of adapting to a difficult life.<ref name="cryo hilichurl grenadier" />

===Weapons===
Hilichurls utilize a wide range of weapons including: clubs, axes, staves, scythes, projectiles, crossbows, and shields of stone, ice, or wood. Some hilichurls are able to channel elemental energy.<ref name="HCC1">{{Ref/Book|Hilichurl Cultural Customs|1|title = Hilichurlian Social Structure}}</ref>

The use of axes suggests that hilichurls possess basic smithing prowess, as the Mitachurls' axes are far too large for any other intelligent species to wield. Crossbows are suspected to be provided by the Abyss Order.<ref name="hili shooter">{{Ref/Enemy|Hilichurl Shooter}}</ref>

====Elemental Energy====
Samachurls are the foremost users of elemental energy among hilichurls, reaching the peak of their abilities in their "twilight years." It isn't fully clear how they learned to manipulate the elements, but their lived experiences play an important role in addition to “dark, forgotten memories.”<ref name="anemo samachurl" /><ref name="geo samachurl">{{Ref/Enemy|Geo Samachurl}}</ref>

[[Thunderhelm Lawachurl]]s and [[Stonehide Lawachurl]]s are affected by Electro and Geo respectively, but it is unclear if they are commanding the energy themselves or if there are other factors at play. The bodies of Stonehide Lawachurls are shaped by Geo, its energy becoming their “flesh, blood, and skin.”<ref name="stonehide">{{Ref/Enemy|Stonehide Lawachurl}}</ref>  Meanwhile, Electro energy “seeps through the cracks” of the bodies of Thunderhelm Lawachurls, manifesting as [[Electro Crystal]] growths that imbue them with Electro.<ref name="thunderhelm">{{Ref/Enemy|Thunderhelm Lawachurl}}</ref>

While not controlling an element themselves, other hilichurls have found ways to imbue their attacks with the elements. Electro hilichurl shooters use arrows carved from Electro Crystals. Hilichurl Rogues, Grenadiers, and Mitachurls use Slimes in different ways to infuse their attacks with elemental energy.

==Language==
===Hilichurlian===
{{Main|Hilichurlian}}
Hilichurlian is the language spoken by [[Hilichurls]].

Hilichurlian isn't well understood in [[Teyvat]] as few people are interested in hilichurls; According to Ella Musk, Hilichurlian Linguistics is an underdeveloped academic field. Due to the risk of humans interacting with hilichurls, its study is limited by the researcher's ability to complete field work.<ref name="ella musk">{{Ref/NPC|Ella Musk}}</ref> Due to this, the study of Hilichurlian Linguistics is predominantly driven by Ella Musk's ongoing research and that of her ancestor — most likely her grandfather — Jacob Musk. Jacob Musk was described as the "Poet Laureate" of Hilichurlian for his book, ''[[Hilichurl Ballad Selection]]'', an accolade he was not fond of.<ref name="hili ballads">{{Ref/Book|Hilichurl Ballad Selection}}</ref> Ella Musk introduces her self as a professor of Hilichurlian Linguistics specializing in "applied grammar for vernacular Hilichurlian."<ref name="ella musk" />

Materials on the language of the hilichurls are scarce and most are written by the same small group of scholars — Jacob Musk and Ella Musk. Their attempts to understand Hilichulian language and customs have had mixed results. Ella Musk admits that without more field work, she is uncertain of the meaning behind several words.<ref name="hili ballads" /> During Ella Musk's commissions, [[Traveler|the Traveler]] attempts to speak Hilichurlian with varying degrees of success depending on the player's choices. If the player selects the correct words, the hilichurls respond with dancing. If an incorrect word is selected, they grow aggressive leading immediately to a fight.<ref name="language exchange" /><ref name="poetry exchange" /> Before [[Mika]] joined the [[Knights of Favonius]] as a cartographer, he accompanied Ella Musk on one of her "language exchange" trips to gain expedition practice. While conversing with a hilichurl, she made a mistake which ended in an attack.<ref name="mika CS2">{{Ref/CS|Mika|Character Story 2}}</ref>

[[Kaeya]] and [[Venti]] have been observed to hold some level of proficiency in Hilichurlian, but it is unknown how or when they studied the language.<ref name="missive of cloud and fog">{{Quest|Missive of Cloud and Fog}}</ref> Venti claims to have learned it to help with his songwriting, but states he hasn't actually written any ballads in Hilichurlian.<ref name="venti something to share">{{Ref/VO|Venti|Something to Share}}</ref> The Traveler also exercises their Hilichurlian during {{Quest|Lionfang's Legacy}}.

Hilichurls across Teyvat have been observed singing.<ref name="hili ballads" />

Abyss mages can speak Hilichurlian.

===Non-Hilichurlian===
There are no known cases of hilichurls who don't speak Hilichurlian and two examples of hilichurls communicating in other languages. [[Caterpillar]] is able to talk with the Traveler, [[Lanoire]], along with everyone else in the [[Fortress of Meropide]].<ref name="unfinished comedy">{{Quest|Unfinished Comedy}}</ref> However, Caterpillar is a special case as he was created by [[Jakob|Jakob Ingold]] using [[Carter Scherbius]]' remains after the creation of [[Narzissenkreuz]]. The remains were grafted onto "those who have lost their intellect," presumably referring to Caterpillar's true form, an Anemo Hilichurl Rogue.<ref name="log in ???">Interactable: [[??? (Fontaine)#Interactables|Log]]</ref> It is unknown if any of the hilichurl's consciousness survives in Caterpillar or if Caterpillar's consciousness is formed only by Carter or something else entirely. Caterpillar does not remember Carter.

[[Caribert (NPC)|Caribert]] is also capable of speaking another language and does so with the [[Traveler's Sibling]] and [[Chlothar|Chlothar Alberich]], but similarly this is a unique case. Caribert regains his ability to communicate with humans after consuming [[Nameless Taboo Medicine of the Royal Court|forbidden medicine]] blessed by [[Vedrfolnir|the Sinner]]. Upon which he regained his former consciousness.<ref name="caribert">{{Quest|Caribert}}</ref>

[[The Black Serpents|Black Serpent Knights]] attempt to communicate with hilichurls using [[Khaenri'ah/Culture#Language|Khaenri'ahn]], instructing them to run when they suspect danger drawing near. It is unclear if the hilichurls present are able to understand them.<ref name="grave of the guarded">{{Quest|The Grave of the Guarded}}</ref>

==Politics==
Hilichurls are mostly hostile towards humans for reasons unknown.

Some Hilichurl groups are affiliated with the [[Abyss Order]], potentially partly due to both groups hailing from the fallen nation of [[Khaenri'ah]]. [[Abyss Mage]]s are capable of understanding and speaking Hilichurlian, and are able to convince the groups to assist them.

Some hilichurls, however, are hostile to the Abyss Order: the Cautious Hilichurl in Starfell Valley requested help defeating enemies consisting of Abyss Mages and Hilichurl Shooters.<ref name="ReferenceA">{{Ref/Quest|Hilichurl Justice|note=Cautious Hilichurl in Starfell Valley}}</ref>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|World}}

[[Category:Lore]]