{{Event
|name              = Hilichurls' Treasure Trove
|image             = Hilichurls' Treasure Trove.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-03-02 12:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-04-11 23:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link3             = https://act.hoyolab.com/puzzle/bbs/pz_xfGGus1Dj6/index.html
}}
{{Description|Olah! Hello, Travelers~<br />The "Hilichurls' Treasure Trove" limited-time web event has officially launched! Take part to obtain Primogems, Mora, an event-exclusive avatar frame, and other rewards~}}
'''Hilichurls' Treasure Trove''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.5]].

==Event Duration==
March 2, 2023 — April 11, 2023 23:59:59 (UTC+8)

==How to Participate==
# During the event period, complete the missions of browsing, sharing, and visiting pages according to the requirements, and you will be rewarded with the corresponding number of keys.
# Missions are divided into Daily Missions and Weekly Missions. "Daily Missions" will be refreshed at 00:00 (UTC+8) the following day, and "Weekly Missions" will be refreshed at 00:00 (UTC+8) every Monday.
# The keys obtained by completed missions can be used for direct prize redemption or the prize draw on the event page.
#* More details about the rules of the event can be found on the event rules on the event page.

==Event Rewards==
# In-game item redemption codes rewarded by participating in the event will be sent to the winners via forum messages, and Travelers can use the redemption code to exchange in the game.
# You must reach Adventure Rank 10 or above to redeem the redemption codes.
# The redemption codes are valid March 2, 2023 00:00 through April 18, 2023 00:00 (UTC+8). Winners who miss the deadline will be deemed to have forfeited their rewards, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

===Prize Draw Zone===
* Primogems ×200 (1,000 sets)
* Primogems ×150 (4,800 sets)
* Primogems ×60 (6,000 sets)
* Primogems ×30 (76,000 sets)
* Mora ×20,000 (50,000 sets)
* Mora ×10,000 (70,000 sets)
* Hero's Wit ×2 (50,000 sets)
* Hero's Wit ×5 (14,000 sets)
* Adventurer's Experience ×5 (40,000 sets)
* Fine Enhancement Ore ×5 (56,000 sets)
* Fine Enhancement Ore ×3 (40,000 sets)
* Keys ×5

==Notes==
===Event Participation===
# During the event period, Travelers can obtain Keys by logging into the game, completing game missions, visiting HoYoLAB, trying out Genshin Impact tools, etc.
# Mission Details "Log in to Genshin Impact today.": To complete the mission, log into the game no later than 23:59 (UTC+8) the same day with a character from any game server linked to the HoYoLAB ID. If the mission status is not updating correctly, log back into the game or refresh the event page.

===Obtaining Keys===
# Travelers can complete the event missions according to the requirements to get a corresponding amount of Keys.
# Missions are divided into Daily Missions and Weekly Missions. "Daily Missions" will be refreshed at 00:00 (UTC+8) the following day, and "Weekly Missions" will be refreshed at 00:00 (UTC+8) every Monday.
# The progress of completing missions such as completing 4 Daily Commissions, using 60 Original Resin will be counted from March 2, 2023, 04:00 (UTC+8). You must complete the missions after this time to obtain keys.
# You will have to manually collect the Keys obtained in the event. Uncollected Keys will expire after the missions are refreshed and cannot be collected after the expiration date.

===Obtaining Rewards===
# Each Traveler can participate in the prize draw up to 5 times per day.

===Other===
# The Keys obtained in this event can only be redeemed and drawn in this page, and will not be used cumulatively with other events.
# After the end of this event, Travelers' unused Keys will expire at the end of the event.
# Keys and in-game rewards will be officially withdrawn in the following cases. If the Traveler has already used the Keys to redeem or draw prizes before the withdrawal, the prizes will be withdrawn:
## The content of the post violates Community Rules, or plagiarized, or misappropriated content from other authors.
## Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# If the Traveler cheats in the event (such as using technical loopholes to attack the site to obtain rewards, virtual transactions, etc.), the official team will revoke the offending Traveler's eligibility to participate in the event and has the right to withdraw the rewards obtained by the offending Traveler. In the event of a serious violation, the account may be subject to sanctions in accordance with the regulations.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}