{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 15017
|image         = Story Quest Hoarse Echoes.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Tribal Chronicles
|chapter       = A Prayer for Blessings, Told to Crested Peaks
|act           = 
|actNum        = II
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Cheven; Iengu; Imix; Paimon; Tlazolli; Traveler
|startLocation = {{LL|"Children of Echoes"|,}} [[Tequemecan Valley]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = "Children of Echoes"
|prev          = Tepetli Dissonance
|next          = Threadlike Whispers
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*375;Mora*32,625;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|rep           = "Children of Echoes"
|repAmt        = 200
|repOrder      = 99
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Hoarse Echoes''''' is the second act of {{Quest|A Prayer for Blessings, Told to Crested Peaks}}.

==Steps==
* Start the quest by talking [[Cheven]] in {{LL|"Children of Echoes"|.}}
# Go visit Tlazolli with Cheven
# Look for clues related to Tlazolli or Iengu
# Look for Iengu

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You visit Cheven at the agreed-upon time. At her invitation, you decide to see the former master artisan Tlazolli.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Cheven)
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 1 cheven 01.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Oh, you're early! Looking forward to your gift?
:{{DIcon}} We're just happy to visit Tlazolli and Nechca.
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 1 paimon 01a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! [[Nechca]]'s been so sick, and [[Tlazolli]] had to give up what she loves...
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 1 paimon 01a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Things might be getting better, but they could probably still use some cheering up.
:{{DIcon}} Well, I am curious...
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 1 paimon 01b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon too... But we're also here to see how Nechca's doing.
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 1 paimon 01b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It can't be easy to recover from such a serious illness. And then there's Tlazolli...
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 1 paimon 01b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She had to give up what she loves... We just want to cheer them up!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 1 cheven 02.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Haha, I've already asked someone to swing by and let Tlazolli know we're coming. She's probably made all the necessary preparations.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 1 cheven 03.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Let's go, then. Do you mind watching the store, Imix? I'll be right back.

;(Talk to Imix, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xnnlq002 imix 01.ogg}} '''Imix:''' Again? *sigh* Alright. You two take care of Master Cheven, okay? Don't let her go anywhere dangerous.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You visit Cheven at the agreed-upon time. At her invitation, you decide to see the former master artisan Tlazolli. However, when you arrive at her dwelling, nobody answers the door...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Iengu at the top of the mountain while indwelling a Saurian, optional) 
:{{A|vo dialog xnnlq002 iengu 01.ogg}} '''Iengu:''' Hungry... Digging... Tired...

;(Approach the house)
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 cheven 01.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Here we are. Nice house, right? Gimme a sec, I'll go knock.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 cheven 02.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Tlazolli, open up! They're here!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 cheven 03.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' ...Tlazolli? Are you home? Open the door!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 cheven 04.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' That's strange... Huh, the door's locked, but she shouldn't be out at this time of day.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 cheven 05.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Hey, Nechca? Nechca? It's me, Cheven. Open up, please.
:{{DIcon}} (No response...)
:{{DIcon}} Need me to break down the door?
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 paimon 01b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What if something happened to the two of them? What if Nechca got worse again...
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 cheven 06b 1.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Let's not overthink things. They were doing just fine the last time I was here. Nechca was sleeping soundly in her room.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 cheven 07.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Still, I told Tlazolli we were coming... Maybe she had to take Nechca out to get some medicine?
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what's that over there? Looks like a Tepetlisaur nest.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 cheven 08.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' That's right. Tlazolli has a Tepetlisaur companion. If I remember right, its name is... Iengu?
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 cheven 09.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' When she was still in the forging business, she'd often have Iengu help with some digging work.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 cheven 10.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' But since Nechca fell ill, she hasn't let it dig much recently...
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 cheven 11.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Wait a minute. What the...? This place is a mess! Iengu's nowhere to be seen, either.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, look at all these broken boxes! Something terrible must have happened...
:{{DIcon}} Let's take a closer look.
:{{DIcon}} You stay here, Cheven.
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 cheven 12b 1.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Oh... Alright! I'll just... find a place to hide for now!
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 2 cheven 12b 2.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' How is it that every single time Imix tells me not to go someplace dangerous, I end up running into danger? It's like her words have some sort of power over me... Maybe it's the Wayob's doing.

;(Talk to Cheven, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xnnlq002 cheven 01.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' How is it that every single time Imix tells me not to go someplace dangerous, I end up running into danger? It's like her words have some sort of power over me... Maybe it's the Wayob's doing.

;(Approach the cliff)
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The tracks end at this cliff... Could the Tepetlisaur have climbed up the mountain?
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's head up there and see.

;(Reach the top of the mountain)
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, there really is a Tepetlisaur up here. Might not be Tlazolli's companion, though...
:{{DIcon}} At least it doesn't seem to be in any danger.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like it got up there on its own...?
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Paimon still doesn't see any sign of Tlazolli...
:{{Color|menu|You hear Cheven's shouts from the foot of the mountain...}}
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 01.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}! Paimon!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's Cheven's voice!
:{{DIcon}} Looks like there's someone next to her.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 02.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Come down, quick! Tlazolli's here!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? We just got up here, and Tlazolli's back already? What a coincidence...
:{{DIcon}} Either way, let's get down there.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, quite a coincidence...
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 05b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, guess this means we should head back down.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why's the Tepetlisaur coming along &mdash; Whoa, hey, hey, don't run, you'll hit us!
:{{Black Screen|You descend the mountain with the Tepetlisaur...}}
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 01.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Iengu, come here... Are you being naughty again?
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 iengu 01.ogg}} '''Iengu:''' Roar...
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 02.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' That's a good Saurian. You must be hungry. Sorry... I'll whip up something for you later.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 03.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Alright, run along and play now. I'll come along in a sec.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 iengu 02.ogg}} '''Iengu:''' Roar!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 04.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Sorry, you two. I was waiting for you at home when Nechca... Well, she snuck out and ran off by herself.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 05.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' She said she just wanted to pick some flowers for our guests.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 06.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' But, she ended up getting lost along the way... Luckily, I managed to find her before long.
:{{DIcon}} Is she alright?
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Cheven told us she was just starting to get better...
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 07.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' She's still very weak. The shock and the cold wind certainly didn't help, so she ended up with a slight fever. I gave her some medicine, and now she's in bed.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 08.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' But, it's nothing a good night's rest can't fix.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 09.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' That said, she won't be able to meet you today. I'm sorry you came all this way for nothing.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry about it! We know she's still recovering. Cheven told us how serious her illness was.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Her health definitely comes first! We were just dropping by to check on her.
:{{DIcon}} Is she all better now?
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 10a 1.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' ...Well, she can at least speak to me and go about her day normally.
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 10a 2.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' That's already more than I could ask for...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like she's doing well enough to run off on her own, too.
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 10b 1.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Yes, and to run away from eating her vegetables. She's a fast one, that's for sure.
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 10b 2.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' She jumps over the chairs, hides under the table... then runs all around the house. I can hardly catch her.
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 10b 3.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Seeing how she is now... That's already enough. I really couldn't ask for more...
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 03.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Hey, cheer up! This is supposed to be a happy occasion!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 04.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' It was very nice of little Nechca to try and bring us flowers.<ref group="Note">Actual voice-over: "We do appreciate that she tried to welcome us with flowers."</ref> Anyway, Tlazolli, about the thing I was telling you before...
:{{DIcon}} The gift!
:{{DIcon}} Alright! Let's hear it!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! What did you get us?
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 11.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Well, it's a Blazegem Inscription. I made it from the purest ore, so it's almost completely resistant to erosion.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 12.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' The techniques used to make it are all rooted in Ancient Name forging.
:{{DIcon}} So, it's like a simplified version of an Ancient Name?
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 13.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Heh, don't say that, or the Wayob might smite me. The process just uses a few of the same techniques and materials.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 14.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' When I first made one, I didn't think it could serve any practical purpose, apart from the erosion resistance and the general aesthetic.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 15.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' But, then Cheven suggested using these crystals to make a special kind of "ornament"...
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 05.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' "Blazegem Inscriptions made by an Ancient Name artisan, engraved with words that never fade."
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 06.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Quite the sales pitch, don't you think?
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, that description really does make it seem special...
:{{DIcon}} You've got a good eye for business...
:{{DIcon}} No wonder you run your own store...
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 07.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Haha, Tlazolli's Blazegem Inscriptions really are special, though.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 08.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Word of mouth isn't always reliable. As information gets passed along, it becomes incomplete, forgotten, and, sometimes... even distorted.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 09.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' But the words inscribed on these crystals will stand the test of time. The inscription will never deteriorate, and the meaning will never get twisted.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 10.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' It's the perfect gift for a dear friend or significant other. You could even pass it down to younger generations!
:{{DIcon}} You're really pushing the sales pitch.
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 12a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's interested! Let's buy one, {{Traveler}}! We can engrave our names onto it!
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 12a 2a.ogg}} {{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 12a 2b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then, once we find your {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}}, we can get {{MC|m=her|f=him}} to add {{MC|m=her|f=his}} name, as well.
:{{DIcon}} You're very persuasive...
::{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 12b 1a.ogg}} {{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 12b 1b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, let's get one! We can engrave our names onto it. Then, once we find your {{MC|m=sister|f=brother}}, {{MC|m=she|f=he}} can add {{MC|m=her|f=his}} name, as well!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That way, our names will be together forever, hehe.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like Paimon's already been hooked...
:{{DIcon}} That sounds a little too precious...
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 11.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' You deserve it! You saved me and Nechca's birthday present. It's the least I can do to repay you.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 16.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Cheven, I thought I told you&mdash;
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 12.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Don't you start acting shy too, Tlazolli! It's a great gift! I know how much work goes into one of your Blazegem Inscriptions.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 17.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Well, then... Thank you both. I'll have it ready as soon as possible. Then, I'll have you do the inscription yourself.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 18.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Nechca should be well by then. She'll be very excited to meet you.
:{{DIcon}} Good things are better with company...
:{{DIcon}} Might as well buy a few more as gifts...
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 14b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, let's not get ahead of ourselves. We don't even know how expensive that would be. You sure we have enough travel funds?
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hold on... this isn't part of some scheme to make us spend all our Mora, right Cheven?
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 13.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' You never know... You do look like you have some savings to spare...
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No! Don't listen to that, {{Traveler}}! You'll end up losing all your Mora!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 14.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Haha! In any case, it's up to you.
:{{Color|menu|As you are in the midst of a conversation, Iengu sidles up a bit closer once more...}}
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 iengu 03.ogg}} '''Iengu:''' Roar!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, it's the Tepetlisaur again! Quick, someone stop it! Paimon doesn't wanna get run over again!
:{{DIcon}} Whoa! There, there!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 iengu 04.ogg}} '''Iengu:''' Roar...
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 15.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' Also, if you don't mind, Tlazolli, I'd like you to help me repair my Blazegem Inscription.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 16.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' I dropped it when I was attacked earlier. The rope and clasp both snapped, so I haven't been wearing it.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 17.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' I tried to fix it myself,<ref group="Note">Actual voice-over: "I tried fixing it myself"</ref> but I just couldn't get it to stay. Could you help?
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 19.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Just leave it to me. I'll make it as good as new.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 20.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' ...Thank you, Cheven... for going all that way, and&mdash;
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 cheven 18.ogg}} '''Cheven:''' It was nothing. We all just want Nechca to get better.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 21.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' ...You're right.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 22.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Iengu! Behave yourself! I'll feed you in just a second!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 23.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' I'll have Cheven contact you once everything's ready, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 24.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Maybe we'll even line it up with Nechca's birthday. We could even have a little party.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds great! We'll look forward to all the good food, and we'll make sure we're ready to eat!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, see you around, Tlazolli!
:{{DIcon}} See you.
:{{DIcon}} I hope Nechca gets better soon.
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 25.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Look after yourselves!
:{{A|vo xnnlq002 4 tlazolli 26.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Nechca... is going to be so happy to meet you.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Hoarse Echoes
|zhs      = 喑哑的回声
|zhs_rm   = Yīnyǎ de Huíshēng
|zht      = 喑啞的回聲
|zht_rm   = Yīnyǎ de Huíshēng
|zh_tl    = Hoarse Echoes
|ja       = かすれた残響
|ja_rm    = Kasureta Zankyou
|ja_tl    = Hoarse Echoes
|ko       = 희미한 메아리
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Ecos apagados
|es_tl    = Muted Echoes
|fr       = Échos rauques
|fr_tl    = Hoarse Echoes
|ru       = Хриплое эхо
|ru_tl    = Hoarse Echo
|th       = เสียงตอบรับอันเงียบงัน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tiếng Vọng Thầm Thì
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Undeutliche Echos
|de_tl    = Indistinct Echoes
|id       = Gema yang Serak
|id_tl    = Hoarse Echoes
|pt       = Eco Silencioso
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Boğuk Yankılar
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Echi afoni
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}