{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Homayani Family.png
|caption      = Dunyarzad and Shahzaman
|type         = Families
|type2        = Sumeru Clans
|region       = Sumeru
}}
The '''Homayani Family''' is a family from [[Sumeru]]. They are best known for being extremely wealthy,<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Hatim|s=Daytime}}</ref> and the family lives in an estate with a number of bodyguards.<ref name="Trail" />

==Known Members==
===Present===
* [[Shahzaman]] & Dunyarzad's mother 
** [[Dunyarzad]]

==Overview==
When Dunyarzad was a child, she was diagnosed with [[Eleazar]]. Her family did their best to give her a comfortable life, but due to her illness, she was unable to leave the house and see the outside world.<ref name="Coming">{{Ref/Quest|The Coming of the Sabzeruz Festival}}</ref> The family later ventured into the desert to conduct business, but were ambushed by Eremite bandits that overwhelmed their guard; fortunately, another group of Eremites, led by [[Kusayla]], rescued them and slew the bandits. Through a series of events, Kusayla later had [[Dehya]] referred to the Homayani family as a bodyguard once Dunyarzad was diagnosed with Eleazar.

At some point, [[Dehya]] began a professional relationship with the Homayani family, and began to live at their estate.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Trail of the God of Wisdom|q='''Dunyarzad:''' And every time I bring this up, they just change the subject. Dehya, you've been living with us a long time already. This should be old news to you.}}</ref> According to Dunyarzad, her family began to work with Dehya due to Dehya's "past kindness" to their family.<ref name="Coming" />

As an adult, she ran away from home to see the outside world. Her family wanted her to return, and hired Dehya to track her down and help her return home safely. They also put up a missing person poster for her.<ref>{{Ref/BB|Diwan Bulletin Board|Missing Person Poster}}</ref> However, Dunyarzad convinced Dehya to stop trying to bring her home, hiring her back for only half of what her father was paying Dehya. After returning to the Homayani estate briefly to stage a more effective escape, Dunyarzad was able to return to [[Sumeru City]] and fund the [[Sabzeruz Festival]] with her own savings.<ref name="Trail">{{Ref/Quest|The Trail of the God of Wisdom}}</ref>

After Dunyarzad recovered from her Eleazar, Dehya decided to quit being a bodyguard, something she had always planned to do after Dunyarzad got better. Dehya gave her resignation to Shahzaman and began seeking out more dangerous jobs, though not before traveling to the desert with Dunyarzad.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Toast to Victory}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Homayani Family
|zhs     = 呼玛伊家
|zhs_rm  = Hūmǎyī-jiā
|zht     = 呼瑪伊家
|zht_rm  = Hūmǎyī-jiā
|ja      = フーマイ家
|ja_rm   = Fuumai-ke
|ko      = 호마야니 가문
|es      = Los Homayani
|fr      = Famille Homayani
|ru      = Семья Хомаяни
|th      = ตระกูล Homayani
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Nhà Homayani
|de      = Familie Homayani
|id      = Keluarga Homayani
|pt      = Clã Homayani
|tr      = Homayani Ailesi
|it      = Famiglia Homayani
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}