{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72802
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Atsuko;Michiru;Traveler;Yoh;Atsuko (Bake-Danuki)
|image         = World Quest Home Lies Over the Ocean.png
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Ritou Escape Plan]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 100
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 
|rep           = Inazuma
|repAmt        = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
}}
'''Home Lies Over the Ocean''' is a [[World Quest]] obtained from [[Atsuko]] in [[Liyue Harbor]].

==Steps==
Start the quest by talking to [[Atsuko]] in Liyue Harbor. The player will receive [[Atsuko's Letter]].
# Give the letter to [[Michiru]] and [[Yoh]]
# Wait until the following night (18:00 – 06:00)
# Go to Atsuko's house
# Wait until the following day
# Talk to Atsuko's parents again

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Atsuko, who is living in Liyue, seems to have something on her mind...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Atsuko)
:'''Atsuko:''' I wonder how mom is doing, and dad as well...
:'''Atsuko:''' Oh? Traveler? What are you doing here? I remember you asked me how to go to Inazuma last time...
:{{DIcon}} I've been to Inazuma.
:'''Atsuko:''' You did go. And you managed to come back...
:'''Atsuko:''' You live up to your reputation as a warrior. Your abilities are far beyond those of ordinary folks like me.
:'''Atsuko:''' Oh right! If you don't mind, can you do me a favor?
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:{{DIcon}} Is anything bothering you?
:'''Atsuko:''' When I left Inazuma, I left without saying goodbye.
:'''Atsuko:''' Ever since I was little, I've longed for the world outside of Inazuma. I liked to travel and I disliked being controlled by my parents.
:'''Atsuko:''' After they issued the Vision Hunt Decree, the atmosphere in Inazuma has become increasingly suffocating. That's why I decided to leave my hometown.
:'''Atsuko:''' When I came to Liyue, although I managed to find a way to survive. I couldn't find a reliable person to send a message to my family back home.
:'''Atsuko:''' Can I ask you for a favor to help deliver a letter to my parents?
:{{DIcon}} I'll take care of it.
::'''Atsuko:''' Thank you! Well, I'll leave the letter to you.
:{{DIcon}} Do you want to go back and have a look?
::'''Atsuko:''' Although I miss my parents, if I go back now, I'm afraid I won't be able to leave anymore.
::'''Atsuko:''' I don't have the ability to come and go freely like you. No matter what, I wouldn't dare to go back.
::'''Atsuko:''' I'll be happy if you can take this letter to Inazuma. I really wouldn't ask for anything more.
:'''Atsuko:''' By the way, my father's name is "Yoh," and my mother's name is "Michiru." I'll mark the address on the map for you.
:'''Atsuko:''' After leaving my hometown, I've experienced a lot. Now I know that if I want to become an independent and strong woman, I can't just rely on my parents like before.
:'''Atsuko:''' I've decided that I won't go back to my hometown in the near future. If I encounter any difficulties outside, I will face them by myself.
:'''Atsuko:''' I think my parents will be proud of me if I can do that.
:'''Atsuko:''' I also wrote about my determination in the letter, so please take it to my parents.

;(Talk to Atsuko again)
:'''Atsuko:''' I wonder how mom is doing, and dad as well...
----
;(Give the letter to Michiru and Yoh)
:'''Michiru:''' How many dishes should we make for lunch tomorrow?
:'''Yoh:''' Our kids can eat a lot these days. Let's just cook more.
:'''Yoh:''' Hmm? Who might you be...
:{{DIcon}} May I ask if this is Atsuko's house?
:{{DIcon}} Would you happen to be Atsuko's parents?
:'''Yoh:''' Yes we are. What can I do for you?
:{{DIcon}} Atsuko asked me to bring you a letter.
:'''Michiru:''' Letter? Why would that child suddenly want to write a letter to us?
:'''Michiru:''' The letter is quite long... I mean, she's back at home already, so if she wants to say something, she should just say it to us directly.
:{{DIcon}} ...Pardon?
:{{DIcon}} Atsuko is back?
:'''Michiru:''' ...Traveler, it sounds like you're surprised? It's true that Atsuko was traveling abroad before, but she's come back now.
:'''Michiru:''' Why does she want to send a letter to us when she's already back home with us? Did you mistake us for someone else?
:'''Yoh:''' Wait a minute, dear. I had a brief scan of the letter. The handwriting and the way it's written, it's definitely from our daughter.
:'''Yoh:''' The letter also says that she doesn't plan to come back in the near future, and tells us to take care of ourselves.
:'''Michiru:''' What does this all mean? Could it be that she came back on her own while getting this Traveler to deliver this letter for us?
:'''Yoh:''' I feel there might be a misunderstanding. After that child comes home, we'll ask her.
:'''Yoh:''' Unfortunately, Atsuko had matters to attend to today. After she's back, we'll ask her for clarification.
:'''Yoh:''' If it's okay with you, please find us tomorrow evening. We'll get that child to explain everything to you.
:{{DIcon}} Where is she now?
:{{DIcon}} Why only the evening?
:'''Yoh:''' That child said she's busy working. She leaves the house for the entire day after breakfast.
<!--:'''Yoh:''' That child said she's busy working. After breakfast, she left the house in a hurry.
this line might be another case where it depends on current story progress; changing for now (finished all story/archon quests as of this edit)-->
:'''Michiru:''' Yeah, every day, she leaves early and comes back late. We only get to see her in the evening, so we aren't sure what she's really up to.
:'''Yoh:''' Anyway, please come over tomorrow evening. If that child has done something wrong, we'll make sure she apologizes to you in person.
:'''Michiru:''' We're really sorry that you had to travel such a long way.
:'''Yoh:''' That Atsuko, if only she was more well behaved...

;(Talk to Michiru and Yoh again)
:'''Yoh:''' Why is our daughter back before the date of signature on this letter?
:'''Michiru:''' Let's not overthink things. It's probably a misunderstanding. It'll be more helpful if you can help me figure out what to make for lunch tomorrow.
----
;(Wait until the following night)
:'''Paimon:''' Atsuko should be back now. Let's knock on the door.
:{{DIcon}} They seem to be talking about something.
:'''Michiru:''' That being said, I wonder what happened to the [[Tanuki]] that we rescued before.
:'''Yoh:''' You're too kind. That Tanuki only had a minor scrape on its leg. If you let it be in the bushes, it would've recovered by itself.
:'''Michiru:''' I couldn't help it. It was looking at me with tears in its eyes. It looked very pitiful. My conscience just wouldn't let me.
:'''Yoh:''' Forget it. It's never wrong to do good deeds. It's just that it ate too much, nearly as much as me...
:{{DIcon}} Knocking on the door
:'''Yoh:''' Who is it?
:{{DIcon}} I'm the Traveler that came here before.
:'''Yoh:''' Ahh, I remember you. Please wait here.

:'''''Atsuko's family come out.'''''

:'''[[Atsuko (Bake-Danuki)|Atsuko]]:''' He&mdash;Hello! I'm Atsuko, first... no... nice to see you again!
:'''Atsuko:''' Sorry, I was homesick. After I gave you the letter, I changed my mind and took a ship back to Inazuma.
:'''Atsuko:''' Ahaha... Sorry for not clarifying things before, and making you travel so far.
:{{DIcon}} How did you return to Inazuma?
:'''Atsuko:''' ...Ah, I had my ways, haha. You don't have to worry about that.
:'''Atsuko:''' Um, I've prepared the payment for you. Please take it. Thanks for your help. Hurry... uh, hurry up and go about the rest of your day.
:'''Paimon:''' How come the things that Atsuko is telling us now are different from what it was before? If returning to Inazuma was so easy, why did you ask us for help in the first place?
:{{DIcon}} What happened to your business in Liyue?
::'''Atsuko:''' Business? What business? I had a business in Liyue!?
:{{DIcon}} What about your mansion?
::'''Atsuko:''' Mansion? What? I even had a mansion in Liyue!?
:'''Atsuko:''' ...Ah, that kind of stuff is unimportant. Nothing is more important than family. I already entrusted it all to someone else, ah... haha.
:'''Paimon:''' Hang on! The real Atsuko had trouble finding a job in Liyue, there's no way that she'd suddenly become rich!
:{{DIcon}} Who are you?
:'''Atsuko:''' I&mdash;I'm Atsuko, of course! I look like Atsuko and sound like Atsuko. What's there to be suspicious about?
:'''Atsuko:''' Look here! Stop being so persistent... forget it. I won't talk to you anymore. I've got work tomorrow. I'm heading off now.

:'''''Atsuko leaves in a fit of rage...'''''

:'''Michiru:''' Atsuko! That child... Why did she get angry all of a sudden...
:'''Yoh:''' Sorry about that, Traveler. That child must be too tired from her work.
:'''Yoh:''' But you saw her for yourselves. That's our daughter. That letter... Maybe that child forgot about it.
:'''Yoh:''' But in any case, we'd still like to thank you for the trouble you went through. As for the payment... Would you be able to wait a little longer?
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything wrong?
:{{DIcon}} If there are any issues...
:'''Yoh:''' Nothing of that sort. We can still afford the payment.
:'''Yoh:''' You know how we told you that Atsuko goes to work during the day? The payment that she receives has always been strange.
:'''Yoh:''' She always brings back weird seeds or some wild fruits, but she never brings back Mora.
:'''Yoh:''' Even though things like that do have some value, we have to sell them first.
:'''Yoh:''' For a traveler like you, I guess Mora would be more convenient.
:'''Yoh:''' Please come here tomorrow. By then, we should be able to give you the Mora.
----
;(Wait until the following day)
;(Talk to Atsuko's parents again)
:'''Michiru:''' Where did our daughter run off to...
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:{{DIcon}} Has Atsuko gone off to work again?
:'''Michiru:''' Even if she's working the next day, Atsuko usually says something to us before leaving. But today, she left without saying anything.
:'''Michiru:''' After you left yesterday, Atsuko said she was tired and went straight to her room to sleep.
:'''Michiru:''' By the time we got up the next day, she wasn't in bed anymore.
:'''Michiru:''' We tried looking everywhere for her. My husband searched far and wide.
:'''Yoh:''' However, after half a day, we still couldn't find any traces of our daughter.
:'''Michiru:''' *sigh* Did that child go off on another journey again? What a troublesome child...
:'''Yoh:''' Calm down, dear. I'll look for her again. Please sweep Atsuko's room first.
:'''Yoh:''' After that child left, she didn't close the window properly. A lot of leaves blew into the room.
:'''Yoh:''' Before I forget. Here's the payment. Please take it.
:'''Yoh:''' *sigh* That child Atsuko... Where is she off this time...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
*The [[Atsuko (Bake-Danuki)|"fake" Atsuko]] encountered in the quest was a shape-shifting [[Bake-danuki]]. [[Yoh]] and [[Michiru]] explicitly mention having rescued a tanuki a few days ago, which later returned to them in disguise.
*After completing the quest, Michiru and Yoh will talk about how their daughter left the country quite a while ago, while also referring to her letter (the one given to them in the quest). They do not bring up or acknowledge the "fake" Atsuko in this conversation at all. They even mention how they haven't seen their daughter "in person" since she left.
**However, Yoh's nighttime dialogue does mention how Atsuko came back home recently and seem to imply that they did not notice it was the Bake-danuki's doings and simply believe that she has left a second time.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Home Lies Over the Ocean
|zhs     = 海的那头是故乡
|zhs_rm  = Hǎi de Nà Tóu Shì Gùxiāng
|zht     = 海的那頭是故鄉
|zht_rm  = Hǎi de Nà Tóu Shì Gùxiāng
|zh_tl   = The Other Side of the Ocean is Home
|ja      = 海の向こう側は故郷だ
|ja_rm   = Umi no Mukou Gawa wa Furusato Da
|ja_tl   = Side Over the Ocean is Home
|ko      = 바다의 저편은 고향
|ko_rm   = Bada-ui Jeopyeon-eun Gohyang
|ko_tl   = Side of the Sea is Homeland
|es      = El hogar está en altamar
|es_tl   = Home Is At Open Sea
|fr      = Une demeure au-dessus de l'océan
|fr_tl   = A Home Above the Ocean
|ru      = Дом, что лежит за океаном
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = อีกฟากฝั่งทะเลคือบ้านเกิด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bên kia biển là quê nhà
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Heimat liegt über dem Meer
|de_tl   = The Home Lies Over the Ocean
|id      = Rumah di Atas Laut
|id_tl   = Home Over the Sea
|pt      = Minha Terra Natal Está no Além-Mar
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[pt-br:Minha Terra Natal Está no Além Mar]]