{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Honest Quill.png
|set   = Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|The witch in the tale used this dip pen. Among its various advantages, its silky-smooth writing is the least worthy of mention.}}
'''Honest Quill''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods]].

==Description==
...<br>
"It's so easy to sell one's soul in the stories... But then souls ought to be cheaper. Why else would people sell them so easily?"<br>
But she knew not what a soul was, for she had never seen one. But afternoon tea and delectable desserts, time spent playing with Pie in the garden, the stories her mother told her before bed... In comparison, these were far more precious.<br>
"Fortunately, we have no wishes we'd need a witch to grant, so we needn't exchange such precious things."<br>
She turned to the next page...

Though he received the witch's promise, the youth could not imagine what it would be like for his wish to come true.<br>
If it were a more concrete wish... Well, inexhaustible wealth and the power to subjugate others are easy to imagine. But what of some higher happiness?<br>
The youth had heard that the witch possessed many magical items and that she used the power of this strange and extraordinary collection. He could not restrain his curiosity, asking the witch what kind of item could fulfill his wish.<br>
"All words written by the pen dipped in this ink will become reality, and she shall become fate's favorite."<br>
The youth stared in disbelief as the witch gently shook the ink bottle. Black water rolled within like roiling waves, as though he could see the entire world in which they lived like a lonely island floating amidst the undulating tide, and he could see endless faces and scenery before his eyes, turning like the pages of a picture album...<br>
He was so mesmerized that it seemed as though he would fall into the ink bottle through its gaping mouth and drown in those black waters.<br>
"The ink bottle contains everything she can imagine, and all of it will be hers if she so wishes."<br>
As the pen dipped in ink began to dance across the page, the young girl's fate was changed.<br>
She wasn't sure when she had stopped being amazed by the limitless good fortune that followed her everywhere.<br>
She no longer needed to worry about anything, for everything turned out the way she wanted, and if she wanted something, it found its way to her, sooner or later, one way or another.<br>
Everyone loved her, admired her appearance, praised her virtue, and even those she once thought would never notice her completely changed their attitudes.<br>
Gradually, she became accustomed to the words of praise and admiring gazes. Though her appearance was by no means extraordinary and her virtue even more average, fate favored her without reservation.<br>
...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Honest Quill
|zhs      = 诚恳的蘸水笔
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 誠懇的沾水筆
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 誠実なつけペン
|ja_rm    = Seijitsu-na Ketsupen
|ja_tl    = Honest Quill
|ko       = 성실한 잉크펜
|ko_tl    = Diligent Ink Pen
|es       = Pluma de la Sinceridad
|es_tl    = Feather of Sincerity
|fr       = Plume d'eau d'honnêteté
|fr_tl    = Water Feather of Honesty
|ru       = Искреннее перо
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = Honest Quill
|vi       = Bút Mực Thành Khẩn
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Ehrlicher Federkiel
|de_tl    = Honest Quill
|id       = Honest Quill
|pt       = Pincel de Nanquim Honesto
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Dürüst Tüy Kalem
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Penna sincera
|it_tl    = Sincere Quill
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods}}

[[fr:Plume d'eau d'honnêteté]]
[[ja:誠実なつけペン]]
[[tr:Dürüst Tüy Kalem]]
[[uk:Щире перо]]
[[vi:Bút Mực Thành Khẩn]]
[[zh:誠懇的沾水筆]]