{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Hopeful Heart.png
|set   = Shimenawa's Reminiscence
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|A special fortune-telling cylindrical object. The mechanism at the bottom allows one to easily remove all unwanted wish sticks.}}
'''Hopeful Heart''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Shimenawa's Reminiscence]].

==Description==
A special slip cylinder that the shrine uses for fortune-telling,<br>It is supposedly infused with good fortune that the kitsune have imparted upon it.

Fortune telling is born from the questions of lost people. Thus, be it good or bad fortune, it will help them navigate their future.<br>In other words, there are only lost people, and no inaccurate fortunes.<br>I've learned a lot while studying at the shrine. Now, even someone as dull-witted as I am has learned how to talk like a mighty kitsune.<br>During this time, even someone as inhuman as the mighty [[Reizenbou|Yougou Tengu]] has gotten [[Teruyo|a daughter]].<br>Even that leatherhead [[Takamine the Mistsplitter|Konbumaru]] has also become one of the [[Ei|Shogun]]'s own {{w|Hatamoto}}, and shall soon marry the daughter of a high-ranking samurai.

"Such a lovely kid. Even the great Yougou Tengu, who used to kill all day for fun, had the mother inside her brought out... just a little."<br>"Still... the shrine is always missing the liveliness of children. That's not good. Say, [[Asase Hibiki|Hibiki]], how would you like to be a kid again?"

The Lady Kitsune's joke was out of line as always, coming forth with the self-serving scent of sakura wine.

"Aw, Hibiki, why the long face? How about this then? I, the [[Kitsune Saiguu|Lady Saiguu]], shall tell your fortune for you!"<br>"Haha, see? See, it's "Great Fortune." "Great Fortune"! You know what that means?"<br>"It means you took away all the bad fortune slips. Please stop mocking me, Lady Saiguu."<br>"No... it means that [[Takamine the Mistsplitter|the person you're missing]] will be lucky enough to become a part of your memories forever."

That's why you have to be strong and must live on for a long, long time.<br>Even if all the people you cherish are gone, as long as you are still alive,<br>The time you spent with them will never perish...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Hopeful Heart
|zhs      = 祈望之心
|zhs_rm   = Qíwàng zhī Xīn
|zht      = 祈望之心
|zht_rm   = Qíwàng zhī Xīn
|zh_tl    = Heart of Prayerful Hope
|ja       = 祈望の心
|ja_rm    = Kibou no Kokoro
|ja_tl    = Heart of Prayerful Hope
|ko       = 기도하는 마음
|ko_rm    = Gidohaneun Maeum
|ko_tl    = Praying Heart
|es       = Corazón de la Esperanza
|es_tl    = Heart of Hope
|fr       = Cœur plein d'espoir
|fr_tl    = Heart Full of Hope
|ru       = Полное надежд сердце
|ru_tl    = Heart Full of Hope
|th       = Hopeful Heart
|vi       = Trái Tim Cầu Nguyện
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Herz voller Hoffnung
|de_tl    = Heart Full of Hope
|id       = Hopeful Heart
|pt       = Coração da Esperança
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Umutlu Kalp
|tr_tl    = Hopeful Heart
|it       = Cuore speranzoso
|it_tl    = Hopeful Heart
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Shimenawa's Reminiscence}}

[[fr:Cœur plein d'espoir]]
[[ja:祈望の心]]
[[tr:Umutlu Kalp]]
[[vi:Trái Tim Cầu Nguyện]]
[[zh:祈望之心]]