{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19112
|image         = Hangout Event Host's Invitation.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Thoma
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Housekeeper's Daily Chores
|startLocation = [[Kamisato Estate]], [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Kamisato Estate
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Behind His Back
|next          = Thanks for Your Hospitality!
|next2         = Under the Same Shade
|next3         = A Trip for Two in Ritou
|characters    = Traveler; Thoma
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Host's Invitation''''' is a quest in {{Quest|A Housekeeper's Daily Chores}}.

==Steps==
# Discuss hospitality with Thoma
#*Choose to stay indoors. Go to [[Thanks for Your Hospitality!]]
#*Choose to head out, and...
#**See cats and dogs. Go to [[Under the Same Shade]]
#**Hit the town. Go to [[A Trip for Two in Ritou]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Thoma]] would like to do something for you to thank you for your help during the [[Vision Hunt Decree]]...}}
===Itinerary===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I keep thinking, since I'm the host here, we ought to do something you'll enjoy.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But despite that, I still haven't got a clear plan on where to take you.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' What do you usually prefer &mdash; indoor or outdoor activities?
:{{DIcon}} Let's stay indoors.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Let's head out.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Let's stay indoors.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Sounds like a plan. I don't really feel like spending my day running all over the place, either.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' In which case, let's head to [[Komore Teahouse]].
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' There's nowhere better to sit and chat quietly with a pot of tea.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'll head over there now to get a few things prepared. Come and join me when you're ready.
:;(Proceed to [[Thanks for Your Hospitality!]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Let's head out.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You want to go out for a stroll? Perfect, I have a couple of places I was going to recommend.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' If you like cats and dogs, there's a great place I can take you.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I go there pretty much every time I have a day off. You can't help but be in a good mood when you're surrounded by cute animals.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Failing that, we could go downtown if you'd prefer?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' [[Narukami Island]] will be packed right now, so we could go to [[Ritou]] instead.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hehe, back to where we first met. I haven't been there in a long time, actually.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 14.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Which one are you feeling? It's up to you.
:{{DIcon}} I wanna see these cats and dogs!
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 3|Branch 3]])
:{{DIcon}} Let's hit the town.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 4|Branch 4]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 3===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} I wanna see these cats and dogs!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 15.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, I had a feeling you'd pick that one, nice to know we share the same interests.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 16.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' There's a sakura tree in [[Hanamizaka]] where I go to feed them. Let's meet there in a short while.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 17.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I need to go grab a few things &mdash; can't go there empty-handed...
:;(Proceed to [[Under the Same Shade]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 4===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Let's hit the town.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 18.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Okay! Let's go straight there.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 19.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I know Ritou pretty well, so I'll give you the grand tour.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911201 thoma 20.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Today's a rare day off, so above all, let's enjoy ourselves!
:;(Proceed to [[A Trip for Two in Ritou]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Host's Invitation
|zhs     = 东道主的邀请
|zhs_rm  = Dōngdàozhǔ de Yāoqǐng
|zht     = 東道主的邀請
|zht_rm  = Dōngdàozhǔ de Yāoqǐng
|zh_tl   = Host's Invitation
|ja      = 地元の人の誘い
|ja_rm   = Jimoto no Hito no Sasoi
|ja_tl   = Invitation from a Local
|ko      = 주최자의 초대
|ko_rm   = Juchoeja-ui Chodae
|ko_tl   = Host's Invitation
|es      = La invitación del anfitrión
|es_tl   = Host's Invitation
|fr      = Invitation de l'hôte
|fr_tl   = Host's Invitation
|ru      = Приглашение от хозяина
|ru_tl   = Host's Invitation
|th      = คำเชิญจากเจ้าภาพ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lời Mời Của Chủ Tiệc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Einladung des Gastgebers
|de_tl   = Invitation Of The Host
|id      = Undangan Tuan Rumah
|id_tl   = Host's Invitation
|pt      = O Convite do Anfitrião
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ev Sahibinin Daveti
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'invito dell'ospite
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}