{{Faction Infobox
|image        = 
|region       = Snezhnaya
|region2      = Fontaine
|affiliation  = [[Fatui]]
|leader       = [[Arlecchino]]
}}
The '''House of the Hearth''' is an orphanage run by "The Knave" [[Arlecchino]] of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]]. Orphans within the house are often raised directly into the [[Fatui]]'s ranks or remain closely affiliated with the organization by way of their relation to Arlecchino.

==Overview==
{{Quote|My dear Snezheviches, my dear Snezhevnas, my brothers and sisters<br>If I were to one day cease my journey and slumber under the white birch, please carry on without me...|The end of [[Trofin Snezhevich]]'s [[Tattered Paper (Alphonso)|Tattered Paper]], containing the motto of the House of the Hearth}}
The House of the Hearth was set up by the previous Knave.<ref name="TRS" /><ref name="bad guy in vimara" /><ref group="Note">[[Momoyo]]'s intelligence directly indicates that the title of "The Knave" was passed down and that the current Arlecchino, who succeeded [[Crucabena]], the previous Knave, was herself a member of the House of the Hearth as a child. It is unknown how many times the name and title have been passed down.</ref>

Orphans raised in the House of the Hearth are gathered from all over the continent, likely to make it easier for people who are ethnically from a certain nation to blend in with its people,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Shuumatsuban Operations|quote='''Buzuleac:''' We were all brought up in similar circumstances, but it's just easier for people with Inazuman blood like her to create a fake identity, you know?}}</ref> and those who clearly belong to a certain ethnicity (such as [[Lyudochka Snezhevna]], who was of [[Inazuma]]n descent) may study affairs relating to their native land from a young age.<ref name="TRS">{{Ref/Quest|The Replacement's Secret}}</ref>

Once children raised in the House of the Hearth grow up, those who are deemed to "have potential" are enlisted in the [[Fatui]] and are dispatched as sleeper agents to other nations to await orders.<ref name="bad guy in vimara">{{Ref/HEO|The Bad Guy in Vimara Village}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Foolish Fatuus|quote='''Oleg:''' Hmph, Trofin Snezhevich... That guy didn't achieve anything here in the past few years, whereas I have already gotten results. Well, won't we see what he has to say for himself then?}}</ref> They could end up as Arlecchino's agents or as the subordinates of other Harbingers and perform assignments other than espionage. 

When the previous Knave, [[Crucabena]], oversaw the House of the Hearth, she maintained absolute control over every matter, causing some people, particularly her daughter [[Clervie]], to consider the atmosphere to be choking and as if being in a purgatory. She would frequently force the children to fight each other, and those who were grievously injured were either given to [[The Doctor]] for experimentation or sent on dangerous missions that saw them never returning. She maintained a cordial front in the children, brainwashing everyone except Clervie and another orphan, Peruere, who had known her intentions from the start.

Ten years after meeting Peruere, Clervie would die in a duel against her, though Peruere's unique constitution as a descendant of the [[Khaenri'ahn Dynasties#Crimson Moon Dynasty|Crimson Moon Dynasty]] resulted in Clervie's shadow being absorbed into her. A year after that, Peruere confronted Crucabena and killed her on the same spot before taking over the House of the Hearth, becoming a Harbinger and renaming herself as Arlecchino.

Those raised in the House of the Hearth view each other as "family" and refer to their bonds as being "tighter than blood."<ref name="bad guy in vimara" /> Arlecchino is referred to as "Father" by orphans within the House of the Hearth, with the orphans considering themselves children of the [[Tsaritsa]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=Lies Cast Shadows Under Gathered Lights}}</ref><ref name="CompVanish">{{Ref/Quest|A Company Vanishing Into the Deep|quote='''Anton:''' Katarina and her younger brother, Corporal Nikolay, were brought up in the House of the Hearth. They are the children of Her Majesty the Tsaritsa.}}</ref> While Arlecchino was much less strict compared to Crucabena, the one vital rule she enforced was loyalty, with betrayal being punishable by death. However, she could amend the rule and could spare them with potions containing her flame. These potions would only be given to those who had the strength and/or will to fight, and when consumed, would erase their memories regarding the House, effectively "killing" them in her eyes while granting them the freedom they desired.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Into the Sunlight}}</ref>

Orphans raised within the House of the Hearth are given the surnames "Snezhevich" and "Snezhevna" for males and females respectively.<ref name="TRS" /> Some orphans will be given new names entirely along with their designated surname.<ref name="bad guy in vimara" />

There is currently only one known location the House of the Hearth operates in, the [[Hotel Bouffes d'ete]] in the [[Court of Fontaine]], although it is implied that other orphanages exist outside of [[Fontaine]].<ref>{{Ref/CS|character=Lyney|story=Character Story 2}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=Lies Cast Shadows Under Gathered Lights|quote='''Lyney:''' All of us House members here, Lady Arlecchino herself included, are from Fontaine.}}</ref>

==Affiliated Characters==
{{Characters by Category List|House of the Hearth|2|exclude=Arlecchino;Crucabena|full_header=The current director of the House of the Hearth is [[Arlecchino]], who succeeded the previous director [[Crucabena]].<br>There are '''%PAGES%''' other [[character]]s who are (or were) part of the House of the Hearth}}
===Playable characters===
{{Cards by Category
|House of the Hearth
|not = NPCs}}

==Trivia==
* The House of the Hearth training and enlisting children into the Fatui after they have grown up and shown potential mirrors real life {{w|Military academy|military schools}} that provide education for children of various ages and train them in military aspects, preparing them for service in the armed forces.

===Etymology===
* "Snezhevich" and "Snezhevna" mean "Son of Snow" and "Daughter of Snow," respectively. While these two names are officially explained as surnames,<ref name="TRS" /> in real-life Russian, the ''-evich'' and ''-evna'' endings make them {{w|Patronymic#Russian|patronymics}}, which are secondary names that are based on the father's given name. Because the orphans have unknown parentage, the {{Lang|"Snow"|ru=Снег|ru_rm=Sneg}} is considered their "father," while the Tsaritsa is the "mother."<ref name="CompVanish" />

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = House of the Hearth
|zhs      = 壁炉之家
|zhs_rm   = Bìlú zhī Jiā
|zht      = 壁爐之家
|zht_rm   = Bìlú zhī Jiā
|zh_tl    = House of Hearth
|ja       = {{Rubi|壁炉の家|ハウス・オブ・ハース}}
|ja_rm    = Hausu obu Haasu<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Lies Cast Shadows Under Gathered Lights|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl    = House of Hearth
|ko       = 벽난로의 집
|ko_rm    = Byeoknanroui jib
|ko_tl    = House of Fireplace
|es       = Casa de la Hoguera
|es_tl    = House of the Bonfire
|fr       = Foyer de l'âtre
|fr_tl    = House of the Hearth
|fr_note  = {{Fr|Foyer}} is a double entendre, as it can both mean a household or a hearth depending on the context, while {{Fr|âtre}} less ambiguously always means hearth.
|ru       = Дом очага
|ru_tl    = House of the Hearth
|th       = บ้านแสนอบอุ่น
|th_rm    = Ban Saen Op-un
|th_tl    = A Warm House
|vi       = Căn Nhà Hơi Ấm
|vi_tl    = House of Warmth
|de       = Haus des Kamins
|de_tl    = House of the Hearth
|id       = House of the Hearth
|pt       = Casa da Lareira
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Taş Yuva
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Casa del Focolare
|it_tl    = House of the Bonfire
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Casa de la Hoguera]]
[[fr:Foyer de l'âtre]]
[[ja:壁炉の家]]
[[pl:Dom Paleniska]]
[[vi:Căn Nhà Hơi Ấm]]