{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Families
|type2        = Sumeru Clans
}}
The '''House of Pursina''' ''(unofficial name)'' is an esteemed lineage of researchers in [[Sumeru]], presumably descended from someone named Sina.

==Overview==
The founder of the Pursina lineage was the rival of the [[House of Purbiruni]] in the field of astrology. Since then, the two families have become rather close.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Khedive}}</ref>

[[Pursina's Spikes]] were invented by a member of the House of Pursina who was talented in their research on ley lines.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Hosseini|c= during Shadow of the Ancients}}</ref>

In the present, an unnamed member of the House of Pursina authored ''[[The Saga of Hamavaran]]'', a Sumeru historical novel. [[Khedive]], an ecologist in the [[Amurta]], traveled to [[The Chasm: Underground Mines|The Chasm]] to conduct some research.

==Members==
* [[Pursina]]

===Present Day===
* Pursina (author of ''The Saga of Hamavaran'')
* [[Khedive]]

==Trivia==
* In the original Chinese text, spelling of ''Pursina'' appears to change depending on whether the name-bearer is male or female. The historical Pursina mentioned by [[Hosseini]] and in ''[[The Saga of Hamavaran]]'' Vol. I use the female form, {{zh|普尔希娜}}, whereas Khedive uses the male version {{zh|普尔希纳}}.

===Etymology===
* Pursina is a {{w|patrynomic}} of Persian origin meaning "Son of Sina," where {{Lang|mini=1|fa={{wt|پور||Persian}}|fa_rm=Pur}} means "son" and {{Lang|mini=1|fa={{wt|سینا||Persian}}|fa_rm=Sina}} is a given name. The name is likely a reference to {{w|Avicenna|Avicenna Ibn Sina}}, or Pur Sina ({{Lang|mini=1|ar=پور سینا}}), a famous Persian polymath during the Islamic Golden Age who was named after his distant ancestor Sina.

==References==
{{Reflist}}