{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73656
|image         = Housein Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|characters    = Traveler;Housein
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Sumeru
}}
'''''Housein's Harra Fruits''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
# Give ten [[Harra Fruit]]s to [[Housein]]

==Request Details==
Help Needed:<br>
Doing business as a small player is pretty tough. I'll need to buy a larger variety of things to grab potential clients' attention.<br>
Lately, I have been thinking about selling spices in addition to fruits.<br>
If anyone would like to help me out and can provide some Harra Fruits, please come and look for me at my stall.<br>
I'd like to have about {{Color|buzz|10 Harra Fruits}}, which I will attempt to process and sell myself.<br>
We can consider long-term cooperation if the low-cost sale of such spices proves possible.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Housein from Sumeru City needs ten Harra Fruits.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Harra Fruits...
::'''Housein:''' Ah, saw my commission at Mr. [[Effendi]]'s, did you?
::'''Housein:''' Effendi is a man of his word. A commission there really helped me out.
::'''Housein:''' Did you have ten Harra Fruits?
::{{DIcon|Quest}} Here are the Harra Fruits you wanted.
:::'''Housein:''' Thank you. If I round out my spice business, we'll be business partners.
::{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:::'''Housein:''' Man, I'm serious with my business, you know? And ten is not a large number for a provider.
:::'''Housein:''' It's the least you can provide for a real deal.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Housein's Harra Fruits
|zhs     = 侯赛因的香辛果需求
|zhs_rm  = Hóusàiyīn de Xiāngxīn-guǒ Xūqiú
|zht     = 侯賽因的香辛果需求
|zht_rm  = Hóusàiyīn de Xiāngxīn-guǒ Xūqiú
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ホセインのハッラの実のリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Hosein no Harra no Mi no Rikuesuto
|ja_tl   = Housein's Harra Fruits Request
|ko      = 후세인의 향신과 의뢰
|ko_rm   = Husein-ui Hyangsin'gwa Uiroe
|ko_tl   = Housein's Spice Fruits Request
|es      = Frutos harra para Huseín
|es_tl   = Harra Fruits for Housein
|fr      = Des fruits harras pour Housein
|fr_tl   = Some Harra Fruits for Housein
|ru      = Фрукты харра для Хусеина
|ru_tl   = Harra Fruits for Housein
|th      = การสรรหา Harra Fruit ของ Housein
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Yêu Cầu Về Quả Harra Của Housein
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Houseins Bitte um Harra-Früchte
|de_tl   = Housein's Request for Harra Fruits
|id      = Permintaan Harra Fruit dari Housein
|id_tl   = Harra Fruit Request from Housein
|pt      = Frutas Harra para Housein
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Housein'in Harra Meyveleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Frutti di Harra per Housein
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Frutos harra para Huseín]]
[[ja:ホセインのハッラの実のリクエスト]]