{{Stub|Check for different dialogue<!--see commented out section-->}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 25026
|type          = Commission
|image         = <!--Commission {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png-->
|startLocation = [[Basin of Unnumbered Flames]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area = Basin of Unnumbered Flames
|requirement   = <!--Any quest that needs to be completed first-->
|otherRewards  = * AR-Dependent Rewards
* Choosing to comfort the Yumkasaurus 3 times grants the {{Achievement|Saurian's Cradle}}
|characters    = Paimon; Timid Little Yumkasaur; Tlamot; Traveler
|npc           = Tlamot
}}
'''''How to Make Friends''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Basin of Unnumbered Flames]], [[Natlan]].

==Steps==
# Help the troubled hunter
:;If the player chooses to comfort the Yumkasaurus{{Colon}}
# <li value="2">Gather two fresh [[Candlecap Mushroom]]s<!--interact only; no actual item-->
# Go to the cliffside to look for [[Tlamot]]
:;If the player chooses to fight the Treasure Hoarders{{Colon}}
# <li value="2">Teach the [[Treasure Hoarders]] a lesson{{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Marksman;Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger;Treasure Hoarders: Handyman}}
# Talk to Tlamot

==Gameplay Notes==
* Choosing to comfort the Yumkasaurus a total of three times grants the player {{Achievement|Saurian's Cradle}}.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

If the option to comfort the Yumkasaurus is chosen, and the Yumkasaurus is present at the location, an additional {{Item|Embercore Flower|x=1}} is rewarded.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Outside the Stadium of the Sacred Flame, a [[Scion of the Canopy]] seems to be troubled about something...}}
===Initial Encounter===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Tlamot)
:'''Tlamot:''' That poor little [[Yumkasaurus]]... That does it. I'll show them. I'll show those scoundrels!
:'''Tlamot:''' You can run, you louts, but you can't hide!
:{{DIcon}} What happened?
:'''Tlamot:''' You're... a traveler from afar, then? Greetings to you &mdash; though I fear I cannot extend any hospitality to you beyond that.
:'''Tlamot:''' Those wretched Treasure Hoarders were aiming to catch that little Yumkasaurus again. Fortunately, I was on hand to chase them off.
:'''Tlamot:''' But the poor thing's been scared stiff. He won't come any closer no matter how I call out.
:'''Tlamot:''' No matter. I've found their hideout. I'm going to teach them a lesson, and once I do, I'll have 'em lashed to a tree, and lashed with one too!
:'''Tlamot:''' Also, I'll have to find something tasty to comfort that poor little frightened Yumkasaurus...
:{{DIcon}} I'd suggest you focus on the comforting.
::'''Tlamot:''' Hmm... You do speak sense. That poor child has been terrified enough. Alright. Let's go calm him down first...
::'''Tlamot:''' Come along, then. From the look of you, you must be an experienced adventurer.
::'''Tlamot:''' With the two of us there, those thieves won't dare try anything. And don't worry about payment. I know the Guild's rules, and I'll follow them.
::'''Tlamot:''' That little one just loves eating Candlecap Mushrooms... And if I recall, lots of them grow under the tree over there. Why don't you start by picking some?
::'''Tlamot:''' I'll be gathering Candlecap Mushrooms on the other side. Once you're done with yours, let's meet up on the cliff near the Stadium.
::'''Tlamot:''' That's where the little Saurian usually takes a break. Perhaps we can find him there.
::;(Continue to [[#Candlecap Mushroom Branch|Candlecap Mushroom Branch]])
:{{DIcon}} Let's go teach those Treasure Hoarders a lesson.
::'''Tlamot:''' You're willing to come along? Thank you! And you'd be a big help, too &mdash; I can tell you're an experienced adventurer.
::'''Tlamot:''' I'll be sure to pay you as the [[Adventurers' Guild]] rules stipulate. Let's go then &mdash; we'll show those scoundrels.
::;(Continue to [[#Treasure Hoarders Branch|Treasure Hoarders Branch]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Subsequent Encounters===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Tlamot)
:'''Tlamot:''' We meet again, {{Traveler}}. Well, then, what do you say to lending me a hand, just like last time?
:'''Tlamot:''' Those Treasure Hoarders never learn their lesson, do they? If we leave them be, they'll only be emboldened to continue doing evil.
:'''Tlamot:''' The little Yumkasaurus is safe for now, but he's still a young 'un. He still needs more care...
:{{DIcon}} I'd suggest you focus on the comforting.
::'''Tlamot:''' Alright. That'll cheer him up, I hope.
::'''Tlamot:''' Those Treasure Hoarders shouldn't come looking for trouble with both of us around.
::'''Tlamot:''' Let me think for a moment... please go to the tree over there and pick two fresh Candlecap Mushrooms.
::'''Tlamot:''' Once you've gathered them, let's meet up at the cliff near the Stadium again. Those Treasure Hoarders won't try anything funny with you there.
::;(Continue to [[#Candlecap Mushroom Branch|Candlecap Mushroom Branch]])
:{{DIcon}} Let's go teach those Treasure Hoarders a lesson.
::'''Tlamot:''' No problem. Those unrepentant Treasure Hoarders just set up a new camp &mdash; I've marked it out.
::'''Tlamot:''' I'll pay you based on Adventurers' Guild rules. Let's get going, shall we?
::;(Continue to [[#Treasure Hoarders Branch|Treasure Hoarders Branch]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Candlecap Mushroom Branch===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After gathering all Fresh Candlecap Mushrooms)
:'''Paimon:''' These should do it... Let's go look for Tlamot.

;(Talk to Tlamot)
:;(If the Yumkasaurus is not at the location)
:::'''Tlamot:''' This is where he normally hangs out, but there's not a trace of him today...
:::'''Tlamot:''' He must've hidden after that scare.
:::{{DIcon}} Should we go searching for him?
:::'''Tlamot:''' ...Nah. Let's leave him in peace for a while. We'll just leave the mushrooms here.
:::{{DIcon}} You've got experience, I see...
:::'''Tlamot:''' In taking care of that kid? Definitely. I've been looking after him for a while now, so I know he's a sensitive sort. Even the sight of strangers might spook him.
:::'''Tlamot:''' Only after I fed him for a long time was he willing to approach me... But I doubt he'll be coming out any time soon, now that those villains have made a mess of everything.
:::'''Tlamot:''' We'll need to leave him alone for a while.
:::'''Tlamot:''' Thanks for coming along. Here's the reward.
:::{{DIcon}} It's just a pity that we couldn't see him.
:::{{DIcon}} I'd love to have met that little Yumkasaurus.
:::'''Tlamot:''' Don't worry, he remembers those who've done right by him. When the time is right, he will definitely come to see us.
::;(Quest ends)
:;(If the Yumkasaurus is at the location)
:::'''Tlamot:''' ...Shh. Look over there. He's waiting for us.
:::'''Timid Little Yumkasaur:''' ...Woo? Mmwoo...?
:::'''Tlamot:''' Come here, kiddo. We're not gonna hurt ya.
:::'''Timid Little Yumkasaur:''' Mwoo? Mmmmrawr...
:::'''Tlamot:''' I'm Tlamot. Remember me? I'm the one who gave you those delicious treats before.
:::{{DIcon}} And I'm {{Traveler}}.
:::{{DIcon}} And I found some of said delicious treats.
:::'''Timid Little Yumkasaur:''' Roar... Rawrrrr!
:::{{Black Screen|You play with the happy Yumkasaurus for a while. It seems he's in a much better mood...}}
:::'''Timid Little Yumkasaur:''' Raar! Oroo, rrooh!
:::'''Tlamot:''' This... Hey, {{Traveler}}, looks like he sees you as a friend already! We both got gifts too.
:::'''Timid Little Yumkasaur:''' Rawr! Rawr!
:::{{DIcon}} Thanks a lot.
:::'''Timid Little Yumkasaur:''' Rawr! Rawrrr! Rawr!
:::{{Black Screen|The little Yumkasaurus happily circles you twice before turning and diving into the woods once more.}}
:::'''Tlamot:''' Looks like he's gone home. Just hope he doesn't run into any more of those scoundrels.
:::'''Tlamot:''' Let's head back as well. Here, take these as compensation.
:::{{DIcon}} Two rounds of compensation for one commission.
:::{{DIcon}} Well, this was a profitable excursion.
:::'''Tlamot:''' Well, then you'd best keep the share you got from our little Yumkasaurus well. As for what I gave you... Haha, just spend it on whatever you want.
::;(Quest ends)

:;(If the Yumkasaurus is at the location and the player is [[indwelling]] a [[Saurian]]){{Verify}}
:::'''Tlamot:''' ...Shh. Look over there. He's waiting for us.
:::'''Timid Little Yumkasaur:''' Friend...? Don't know... Good people...?
:::'''Tlamot:''' Come here, kiddo. We're not gonna hurt ya.
:::'''Timid Little Yumkasaur:''' Good people...? Friends...
:::'''Tlamot:''' I'm Tlamot. Remember me? I'm the one who gave you those delicious treats before.
:::{{DIcon}} Hi, I'm {{Traveler}}.
:::{{DIcon}} And I found some of said delicious treats.
:::'''Timid Little Yumkasaur:''' You... Friend!
:::{{Black Screen|You play with the happy Yumkasaurus for a while. It seems he's in a much better mood...}}
:::'''Timid Little Yumkasaur:''' For you, for you, gift!
:::'''Tlamot:''' This is... Heh, looks like we both got presents, eh, {{Traveler}}?
:::'''Timid Little Yumkasaur:''' Friend, thank you!
:::{{DIcon}} Thank you!
:::'''Timid Little Yumkasaur:''' Friend! Friend! Good! Good! See you again!
:::{{Black Screen|The little Yumkasaurus happily circles you twice before turning and diving into the woods once more.}}
:::'''Tlamot:''' Looks like he's gone home. Just hope he doesn't run into any more of those scoundrels.
:::'''Tlamot:''' Let's head back as well. Here, take these as compensation.
:::{{DIcon}} Two rounds of compensation for one commission.
:::{{DIcon}} Well, this was a profitable excursion.
:::'''Tlamot:''' Well, then you'd best keep the share you got from our little Yumkasaurus well. As for what I gave you... Haha, just spend it on whatever you want.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Treasure Hoarders Branch===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Treasure Hoarders)
:'''Tlamot:''' This is the Treasure Hoarders' camp. C'mon. Time to teach them a lesson!
:'''Startled Treasure Hoarder:''' You, again!? I told you before, we just wanted to pet that little Saurian!
:'''Tlamot:''' Enough! You really think I can't see the rope in your hand!?
:'''Exasperated Treasure Hoarder:''' Come on, bro! We bought this from your tribe... It's for bungee jumping!
:'''Startled Treasure Hoarder:''' Hey! Stop hitting me, please! I'm going, I'm going!

;(After defeating the Treasure Hoarders)
:'''Tlamot:''' Hmph. Let's see them dare to hurt my little Yumkasaurus ever again, eh?
:{{DIcon}} Feels like there's been some sort of misunderstanding...
:'''Tlamot:''' Don't listen to their pretty words. Why, I saw them tie a rope to that poor Yumkasaurus's {{sic|wings}} with my own eyes!
:'''Tlamot:''' Who knows what might have happened if I hadn't shown up when I had.
:'''Tlamot:''' Thanks for your aid, in any case. Here's your payment.
:'''Tlamot:''' It's just a shame they fled so fast. If we'd caught them, we could put an end to their troublemaking once and for all!
:;(Quest ends)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = How to Make Friends
|zhs      = 交友之法
|zhs_rm   = Jiāoyǒu zhī Fǎ
|zht      = 交友之法
|zht_rm   = Jiāoyǒu zhī Fǎ
|zh_tl    = How to Make Friends
|ja       = 友達を作る方法
|ja_rm    = Tomodachi wo Tsukuru Houhou
|ja_tl    = How to Make Friends
|ko       = 친구가 되는 법
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Cómo hacer amigos
|es_tl    = How to Make Friends
|fr       = Comment se faire des amis
|fr_tl    = How to Make Friends
|ru       = Как заводить друзей
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = วิธีผูกมิตร
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Cách Kết Bạn
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Wie man Freunde findet
|de_tl    = How to Make Friends
|id       = Cara Mencari Teman
|id_tl    = How to Make Friends
|pt       = Como Fazer Amigos
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Arkadaş Edinmenin Yolları
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Come fare amicizia
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Natlan}}