{{Event
|name              = HoYoFair 2023
|image             = HoYoFair 2023.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-12-30 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-01-06 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/14668149
|link2             = https://act.hoyolab.com/ys/event/hoyofair202212-m5d1mk/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Hello, everyone!<br />The HoYoFair New Year 2023: Genshin Impact Fan Art Special Program broadcast has come to an end~ Did you like it? <br />Would you also like to have the opportunity to get your wishes fulfilled by Tubby like the Traveler?<br />As the new year approaches, if you could ask Tubby to make your wish come true, what would you wish for?<br />Take part in the event and share your wishes now!}}
'''HoYoFair 2023''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.3]].

==Event Duration==
December 30, 2022 – January 6, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br />
Results: The list of winners will be updated in this event post on January 13, 2023.

==How to Participate==
Post under the topic #HoYoFair2023 to share your New Year's wishes and you will be considered a successful participant.

==Event Rewards==
We will randomly select 30 people among all the users who successfully participated to gift them each a set of Acrylic Hangables (2 pieces).

==Notes==
# Users must follow HoYoLAB community rules when posting, otherwise they will not be eligible to win.
# Each HoYoLAB account can win only one merchandise prize during the event.
# No plagiarism or appropriation of others' work is allowed. Publishing content unrelated to the event, content that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters is forbidden.
# After the list of winners is announced, if the winner hides or deletes the post of the winning work, the winner will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prize.
# The list of winners will be announced in this event post. Winners, please pay attention to System Messages to fill out your shipping address. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}