{{Event Tabs|rootpage=HoYoFair/2022-09-16}}
{{Event
|name              = HoYoFair 2022
|image             = HoYoFair 2022.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-09-16 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-09-23 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/8884968
|link2             = https://act.hoyolab.com/ys/event/hoyofair202209/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|"Traveler, it's been a while since we left Inazuma.<br>Paimon wonders if there are any interesting events there these days.<br>Should we go and take a look?"}}
'''HoYoFair 2022''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.0]]. It is a part of the [[Two Year Anniversary Community Event]]s.

The special fan art event exclusive to Genshin Impact creators is about to start! Access the event page to collect invitation letters with Paimon and see what interesting programs there are!

Collect all invitation letters to receive an exclusive avatar frame for the HoYoFair Fan Art Event. You will also have the opportunity to enter the live stream prize draw to win an Alienware laptop.

[https://hoyo.link/20HABBAd >> Take Part in the Event <<]

HoYoFair is a fan event organized by HoYoLAB with the aim of improving communication between fan art creators, so that even better fan works can be created for everyone.

We would like to thank all creators who participated in HoYoFair for their creative enthusiasm and love for Genshin Impact. All content in the program is produced by creators sponsored by HoYoFair, which are derivative works of Genshin Impact, and is not related to the content of Genshin Impact itself.

This edition of the Fan Art Special Program will air on September 24, 2022 at 10:00 (UTC+8) on the official Twitch Gaming channel. At the same time, the results of the prize draw will also be announced. Don't forget to follow HoYoFair's account to see upcoming fan art events!

The program will be broadcast live on HoYoLAB's Twitter account on 2022/09/25 10:00 (UTC+8), and will also be available on HoYoLAB's YouTube channel, don't miss it!

Twitch Live Stream: https://hoyo.link/e9HABCAd<br>
To watch the live broadcast on Twitter, please follow: https://hoyo.link/e0HABDAd<br>
HoYoLAB YouTube Channel: https://hoyo.link/3cHABEAd

==How to Participate==
Collect all the clues on the event page to get an event-exclusive avatar frame on HoYoLAB.<br>
Complete the web event and get a prize draw ID to validate your participation (in the live stream prize draw).

==Event Rewards==
Alienware ×14 Gaming Laptop ×1<br>
"Eclipsing Star" Ningguang 1/7 Scale Figure ×3<br>
Dell Gaming Backpack 17 ×5<br>
Mysterious Arcana Series Night Lamp ×20<br>
Genshin Impact HoYoFair 2022-Exclusive Avatar Frame

In cases where said the production of said product has been suspended, we will switch to other goods of the same value.

==Event Duration==
Participation Period: September 16, 2022 – September 23, 2022 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Avatar Frame Issuance Period: September 27, 2022<br>
Announcement of Prize Draw Results: September 24, 2022 (winners will be drawn during the HoYoFair 2022 live stream)<br>
The estimated time for physical rewards delivery will be within 60 business days of the results being announced.

==Notes==
# Travelers, please pay attention to HoYoLAB's System Messages, as information of prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# The ID for the HoYoFair prize draw will correspond to a single HoYoverse Account. Each HoYoverse Account and/or Prize Draw ID can only win a single prize, based on the first prize won. In order for us to contact you, we recommend that you link your contact information to your HoYoverse Account. However, this will not affect your chance of winning.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.

The Genshin Impact Fan Art Special Program "HoYoFair 2022" will be available soon! What are your favorite types of fan works? And which creators are you excited to see in this year's event? Feel free to discuss in the comments section!<br>
Don't forget to follow HoYoFair's account to see upcoming fan art events!

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}