'''2023-03-03'''
* Added [[Windblume's Breath/Ballads of Breeze|Windblume's Breath - Ballads of Breeze]] to "Battle Chronicle."'
----
'''2023-01-19'''
* Added [[The Exquisite Night Chimes]] to "Battle Chronicle."'
----
'''2023-01-18'''
* Added multi-layered map of Teyvat to "Teyvat Interactive Map."
* Added [[Desert of Hadramaveth]] to "Teyvat Interactive Map."
----
'''2022-12-07'''
* Added [[Genius Invokation TCG]] module to "Battle Chronicle" for viewing owned Cards and Card Backs.
* Added "Genius Invokation TCG" category to "HoYoWiki."
* Added two new languages: Italian and Turkish.
----
'''2022-11-10'''
* Added [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]] to "Battle Chronicle."'
----
'''2022-11-07'''
* Added Mobile Widget for "Battle Chronicle."
----
'''2022-11-02'''
* Added new function to calculate materials needed for creating [[Furnishing]]s to "Enhancement Progression Calculator."
----
'''2022-10-27'''
* Added "Lineup Simulator."
----
'''2022-10-10'''
* Added [[Hyakunin Ikki/2022-10-10|Hyakunin Ikki V3.1]] to "Battle Chronicle."
----
'''2022-09-28'''
* Added Dark Mode and direct access to HoYoWiki character page to "Battle Chronicle."
* Added [[Great Red Sand]], [[Sumeru]] to "Teyvat Interactive Map."
----
'''2022-09-15'''
* [[Tablet Analytics]] to "Battle Chronicle."
----
'''2022-08-24'''
* Added Version 3.0 content to "Battle Chronicle."
* Added [[Sumeru]] to "Teyvat Interactive Map."
* Added Version 3.0 content to "HoYoWiki."
----
'''2022-08-12'''
* Added "NPC," "Wildlife," "Books," and "Tutorial" categories to "HoYoWiki."
----
'''2022-08-04'''
* Added filter pins for characters and weapons to "Teyvat Interactive Map."
----
'''2022-07-15'''
* Added "[[Summertime Odyssey]]" to "Battle Chronicle."
* Added Version 2.8 [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]] to "Teyvat Interactive Map."
----
'''2022-07-13'''
* Moved Spiral Abyss "Battle Chronicle" to "Spiral Abyss Overview" page and added function of sharing overall battle process in the and  party setup in any single level.
* Updated "Battle Chronicle" record display of limited-time events to a horizontal navbar with icons instead of dropdown.
* Added "HoYoWiki" and "Version Topics Page" in "Common Tools."
----
'''2022-06-13'''
* Added new Timer settings for material pins.
* Added link to Feedback channel.
----
'''2022-05-31'''
* Added notification function to "[[Parametric Transformer]]" in "Real-Time Notes."
* Added  "Share > Save Image" Function to "Battle Chronicle"'s Home, Character Details, and Character Overview pages.
* Added "[[Perilous Trail (Event)|Perilous Trail]]"  to "Battle Chronicle."
* Optimized the UI Layout for "Spiral Abyss" on mobile devices.
----
'''2022-05-07'''
* Added "HoYoWiki."
----
'''2022-04-21'''
* Added "[[Vibro-Crystal Research]]" to "Battle Chronicle."
----
'''2022-04-18'''
* Added "[[Parametric Transformer]]" to "Real-Time Notes."
* Added "[[The Chasm]]" to "World Exploration."
* Optimized "World Exploration" to view multiple regions at once and open "Teyvat Interactive Map."
* Added access to "Enhancement Progression Calculator" from "My Characters."
----
'''2022-03-30'''
* Optimized the overall interface and add added "[[The Chasm]]" and corresponding location pins to the "Teyvat Interactive Map."
----
'''2022-03-18'''
* Added "[[Hyakunin Ikki/2022-03-18|Hyakunin Ikki V2.5]]" to "Battle Chronicle."
* Optimized the sharing function.
----
'''2022-02-17'''
* Optimized loading, increased the map's zoom magnification and added "[[Three Realms Gateway Offering]]" and corresponding pins to the "Teyvat Interactive Map."
----
'''2022-01-23'''
* Added ability to customize display order of characters under "My Characters/" Up to 8.
* Updated "Real-Time Notes" with "Serenitea Pot" > "[[Jar of Riches]]."
----
'''2022-01-07'''
* Added "[[A Study in Potions]]" to "Battle Chronicle."
----
'''2021-12-24'''
* Added "[[Energy Amplifier Fruition]]" to "Battle Chronicle."
----
'''2021-12-16'''
* Added "Enhancement Progression Calculator."
----
'''2021-12-14'''
* Added the general section LAB.
----
'''2021-10-21'''
* Added "Real-Time Notes" and "[[Labyrinth Warriors]]" to "Battle Chronicle."
----
'''2021-10-14'''
* Added "Traveler's Diary" to the Tools section, allowing Travelers to view the amount of [[Primogems]] and [[Mora]] earned in the last 3 months.
----
'''2021-09-16'''
* Updated site layout.
* Merged the boards of Genshin Impact, Honkai Impact 3rd, and Tears of Themis.
* Added "All Characters," "[[Serenitea Pot]]," "[[Hyakunin Ikki]]," and "[[Character Outfits]]" to "Battle Chronicle."
----
'''2021-09-13'''
* Added feedback notification after pings have been accepted and pin search function to the "Teyvat Interactive Map."
----
'''2021-07-20'''
* Added a route function to the "Teyvat Interactive Map."
----
'''2021-07-05'''
* Added pin description function to the "Teyvat Interactive Map."
----
'''2021-06-09'''
* Added "[[Golden Apple Archipelago]]" and corresponding pins to the "Teyvat Interactive Map."
----
'''2021-04-28'''
* "Teyvat Interactive Map" released.
----
'''2021-03-01'''
* Added "[[HoYoLAB Community Daily Check-In|Daily Check-In]]."
----
'''2021-02-23'''
* Added [[Character]] [[Constellations]], [[Weapons]], and [[Artifacts]] to Battle Chronicle.
----
'''2020-12-28'''
* Domain changed from https://forums.mihoyo.com/genshin/ to https://www.hoyolab.com/genshin/
* Added Battle Chronicle to show Account Statistics, Characters and their [[Friendship Level]], [[Map]] [[Exploration]] Progress, and [[Spiral Abyss]] History.
----
'''2020-01-15'''
* miHoYo Forums was released.
<noinclude>[[Category:Change History]]</noinclude>