{{Event
|name              = HoYoFair Spring 2023: Genshin Impact Fan Art Special Program Now Available! Participate in the livestream discussion to win merchandise rewards~
|image             = HoYoFair Spring 2023 Genshin Impact Fan Art Special Program Now Available! Participate in the livestream discussion to win merchandise rewards~.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-04-15 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-04-16 12:00:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/17725403
}}
{{Description|The Traveler and company have been invited to explore the ruins and enjoy the refreshing spring day. Yet something unexpected happens on their way.<br>Let us unlock "Spring Wonderland" and watch the HoYoFair Spring 2023: Genshin Impact Fan Art Special Program!<br>While watching the stream, feel free to share your thoughts on its content in the Comments section of this post. Participate in this discussion and you may win merchandise rewards~<hr />HoYoFair presents a collation of fan works derived from HoYoverse IPs. You can find a rich variety of fan art here as well as creators and players from all over the world who engage in multilingual creations and interactions. Here, everyone can express their love for games.}}
'''HoYoFair Spring 2023: Genshin Impact Fan Art Special Program Now Available! Participate in the livestream discussion to win merchandise rewards~''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.6]].

==Event Duration==
April 15 to April 16 12:00 (UTC+8)

==How to Participate==
Watch the stream and share your thoughts on its content (e.g. expressing your love and support for a program and its creator, discussing the programs that you like the most or find most impressive, and sharing what you wish to see in future events, etc.) in the Comments section of this post.

==Event Rewards==
We will randomly select 50 users to offer them a Genshin Impact merchandise blind box each. (Blind box merchandise will be issued randomly. See below for the list of rewards.)

==Blind Box Merchandise List==
* Mysterious Arcana Series Night Lamp ×10
* Genshin Impact Character Badge Set (2 per set, random design) ×10
* Slime Plushie (2 per set, random design) ×10
* Childhood Treasures Series Stand Set (2 per set, random design) ×10
* Slime Paradise-Themed Towel ×10

==Note==
# Please enable Reward Notifications prior to the announcement, as we will notify you of the results via System Messages. If you do not enable notifications and this affects the process of sending rewards, the rewards will not be re-issued. Link to system notification settings: https://www.hoyolab.com/setting/notification
# Winners, please pay attention to System Messages to fill out your shipping address. Merchandise winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# The following situations will be considered invalid participation: Publishing content unrelated to the theme of the event, content that contains any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}