{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = HoYoLAB.png
|type         = HoYoverse
}}
'''HoYoLAB''' is the official forum for [[HoYoverse]] games. This forum is split into subforums for ''Genshin Impact'', [[w:c:honkaiimpact3:Main Page|''Honkai Impact 3rd'']], ''Tears of Themis'', and ''Honkai Star Rail''. Players can create posts, reply to posts, participate in [[Web Events]], and get news.

HoYoLAB and its rules can be accessed at [https://hoyolab.com/ HoYoLAB] and [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/928383 Rules], respectively.

==HoYoLAB App==
The HoYoLAB App was released on July 15, 2021. Features includes interacting with Posts, accessing Daily Check-In, Teyvat Interactive Map, Battle Chronicle.

For more information, see the [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/555827 HoYoLAB APP FAQ].

The closed beta started on June 1, 2021.<ref>HoYoLAB: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/375070 HoYoLAB App Closed Beta Registration]</ref>

==HoYoLAB Tools==
===HoYoWiki===
The HoYoWiki is a game database published by HoYoLAB released on May 7, 2022.<ref>HoYoLAB: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/4626755 The Genshin Impact HoYoWiki Has Launched!]</ref>

The sections include Character Archive, Weapon Archive, Artifact Archive, Enemies and Monsters, and Materials.

It can be accessed at [https://wiki.hoyolab.com/pc/genshin/aggregate/character ''Genshin Impact'' HoYoWiki].

===Check-in===
The [[HoYoLAB Community Daily Check-In]] permanent [[Login Event]] can be accessed from HoYoLAB at [https://act.hoyolab.com/ys/event/signin-sea-v3/index.html?act_id=e202102251931481 Daily Check-In].

===Battle Chronicle===
The Battle Chronicle shows various information about a person's ''Genshin Impact'' account. It is private by default and requires player opt-in to make it public. Details include:
{{Column|2|
* Nickname
* Server
* [[Adventure Rank]]
* Number of:
** Days Active
** [[Achievements]] Completed
** [[Oculi]] Obtained (separated by type)
** [[Characters]] Owned
** [[Teleport Waypoints|Waypoints]] and [[Domains]] Unlocked
** [[Chests]] Opened (separated by type)
* [[Spiral Abyss]] Progress (deepest floor and chamber)
* [[Characters]] (level, friendship, constellations)
** Up to 8 characters can be shown on the default homepage<ref>HoYoLAB: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/2002956 Battle Chronicle Update]</ref>
** [[Weapon]] (level and refinement)
** [[Artifacts]] (level, rarity, no affixes)
* World Exploration (separated by region and Dragonspine)
* [[Serenitea Pot]] (Trust Rank, Highest Adeptal Energy, Total Furnishings Obtained, Visitor History)
* Spiral Abyss Overview for Current and Previous Lunar Phase
** Challenge Summary (Deepest Descent, Battles Fought, Total Stars, most played characters, characters with Most Defeats, Strongest Single Strike, Most Damage Taken, Elemental Bursts Unleashed, and Elemental Skills Cast)
** Teams used and Stars earned for each Chamber
* Event Record
** [[Hyakunin Ikki/2021-09-02|Hyakunin Ikki V2.1]]
** [[Labyrinth Warriors]]
** [[Energy Amplifier Fruition]]
** [[A Study in Potions]]
** [[Hyakunin Ikki/2022-03-18|Hyakunin Ikki V2.5]]
** [[Vibro-Crystal Research]]
** [[Perilous Trail/Event|Perilous Trail]]
}}
; HoYoLAB App Only
* Real-Time Notes<ref>HoYoLAB: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/1265396 Battle Chronicle Update | Real-Time Notes Module Available Today]</ref>
** [[Original Resin]] Count
** [[Jar of Riches]] [[Realm Currency]] Count
** [[Daily Commission]] Completed
** [[Enemies of Note]] Half-Cost Remaining
** [[Parametric Transformer]] Cooldown (with notification)<ref>HoYoLAB: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/5061708 Battle Chronicle: Tool Update]</ref>
** [[Expedition]] Status

===Teyvat Interactive Map===
The Teyvat Interactive Map was released on April 27, 2021.<ref>HoYoLAB: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/326843 Genshin Impact - Teyvat Interactive Map]</ref> It is a community made official endorsed web tool that marks the locations many things in Teyvat.

It can be accessed at [https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/app/ys-map-sea/index.html Teyvat Interactive Map].

===Enhancement Progression Calculator===
The Enhancement Progression Calculator was added to HoYoLAB on December 16, 2021.<ref>HoYoLAB: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/1664243 Enhancement Progression Calculator Available Today]</ref> It is a tool used to calculate the required enhancement and level-up materials for [[characters]], [[weapons]], and [[artifacts]].

Total amount of materials required can be shared with a link or image.

It can be accessed at [https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/calculator-sea/index.html Enhancement Progression Calculator].

; Characters
* Filter by Elemental Attribute or Weapon Type
* Select Level start and end
* Select Talent Level start and end
* Gives required amount of: [[Mora]], [[Local Specialty]], [[Hero's Wit]], [[Ascension Gems]], [[Common Ascension Materials]], and [[Character Ascension Materials]]
* Gives required amount of: [[Mora]], [[Crown of Insight]], [[Talent Books]], [[Common Ascension Materials]], and [[Weekly Boss Materials]]

; Weapons
* Filter by Weapon Type or Rarity
* Select Level start and end
* Gives required amount of: [[Mora]], [[Mystic Enhancement Ore]], [[Common Ascension Materials]], and [[Weapon Ascension Materials]]

; Artifacts
* Filter by Rarity
* Select slots
* Select Level start and end
* Gives required amount of: [[Artifact EXP]] and [[Mora]]

===Travel Diary===
The Travel Diary tool was added to the HoYoLAB App on October 15, 2021.<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1448868737604542468 The "Traveler's Diary" tool is finally available on the HoYoLAB App!]</ref> It allows players to view the [[Primogem]]s and [[Mora]] they have earned for the past three months, including a detailed list of each obtain method with time and number each month. It also includes a summary of obtained today and this month.

Categories for Primogems obtained include:
{{Column|2|
* Adventure
* Daily Activity
* Events
* Mail
* Spiral Abyss
* Quests
* Other
}}

Methods include:
{{Column|2|
* Achievement Rewards
* Daily Commission Rewards
* Domain Clear Reward
* Event Rewards
* Expedition Reward
* In-Game Mail Rewards
* Quests
* Random Event Reward
* Reputation Level Reward
* Reward for Defeating the BOSS
* Reward from Defeating Monsters
* Spiral Abyss Rewards
* Statue of The Seven Level Up Rewards
* Teleport Waypoint Unlock Rewards
* Treasure Chest Rewards
* Tutorial Rewards
* Other
}}

===Official Notifications===
The Official Notifications section on HoYoLAB displays [[Events]] and [[Notices]].

It can be accessed at [https://www.hoyolab.com/official/2/events Official Events & Notices].

==Change History==
{{Change History}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Community Navbox}}

[[vi:HoYoLAB]]