{{Event
|name              = HoYo FEST 2023 Genshin Impact Performance Naming Event
|image             = HoYo FEST 2023 Genshin Impact Performance Naming Event.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-07-10 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-08-06 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/19943439
}}
{{Description|Dear Traveler,<br>The HoYo FEST 2023 Event Details Announcement is here!}}
'''HoYo FEST 2023 Genshin Impact Performance Naming Event''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.8]].

==HoYo FEST 2023 Online Genshin Impact Performance Naming Event==
As the grand drape rises, what will Traveler and Paimon perform for everyone?<br>
During the event, leave a comment below with your ideas for the performance name inspired by the HoYo FEST Genshin Impact promotional image, and you will be considered a successful participant.

===Event Duration===
July 10, 2023 12:00 – August 6, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
After the event, the winners will be announced in this post on August 11.

===Event Rewards===
Leave a comment to receive a HoYo FEST Genshin Impact KV themed HoYoLAB profile page background.

In addition, we will randomly select 100 players among all who have left a comment to receive a HoYo FEST-exclusive Genshin Impact chibi acrylic stand, and 300 players to receive Primogems ×160.

===Notes===
# Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their reward collection or shipping address and contact information according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address before August 31, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8) will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Each Traveler is only eligible to receive each prize once, and repeated comments are only counted once.
# Comments of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: comments with content that violates our Community Rules, comments that plagiarize or misappropriate the content of other creators, replying to a comment on the post (instead of commenting directly to the post itself) or creating a new post (instead of commenting on this post), comments with no relation to Genshin Impact and the event, comments that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game and its characters.
# Genshin Impact will bear the delivery costs of the physical prizes. After the prizes have been shipped, if they are subject to customs duties and personal tax in accordance with local policies, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# Please note that the delivery address cannot be changed after confirmation. In order to provide third-party logistics services for the shipment of your prizes, we will be collecting and using personal information such as your address and contact information. The aforementioned personal information will only be used by us and the third-party shipment service provider. We will not disclose any personal information to other third parties without your prior consent.
# The estimated time for physical prizes delivery will be within 90 business days after the event has ended. The Genshin Impact officials will contact the winners and notify them of the relevant shipment information in a timely manner after dispatching the prizes. The actual arrival time is dependent on the actual logistics situation.
# You can visit the game's official website for more information on our Privacy Policy. All personal data will be collected and used in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy.

==HoYo FEST 2023 Official Website Now Available==
Participate in the web event to earn great in-game rewards!

>> https://hoyo.link/caHMDEAd

More events are coming soon. Stay tuned!

==Winners Notice==
Dear Traveler, the event has ended. Let's take a look at the list of winners!

>> https://hoyo.link/8XWKEBAL

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}