{{CustomTabs
|tab1     = Overview
|tab2     = HP Loss
}}
{{See also|Healing}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Attribute Health.png
|type         = Attributes
}}
'''Health''' or '''Health Points''' abbreviated in-game as '''HP''', is an {{w|integer}} measure of how much life force a character has. If a character's HP reaches 0, they will become [[Fallen Character|incapacitated]], and the next character in the player's team will be brought onto the field. If all characters on the team die, the player will automatically revive at the nearest Teleport Waypoint and the characters will have 35% HP. HP can be restored by eating [[food]], by using Talents, character Passives, weapon passives that heal, or by a [[Statue of The Seven]]'s Blessing.

The relevant in-game attribute is Max HP &mdash; the current maximum HP of a character. Max HP can be increased by raising your character level or equipping [[artifacts]] and [[weapons]] that provide HP or HP% increase. Leveling up these weapons and artifacts will also increase the HP bonus they provide. All flower-type artifacts increase HP, so leveling these up is a good way to boost HP.

:<math>\text{Max HP} = \text{Base HP}_\text{Character} \times (1 + \% \text{ HP Bonus}) + \text{HP Flat Bonus}</math>

When the max HP of a character is changed by means other than leveling up said character, the current HP will scale to maintain the same percentage of total HP.

==Character Ascension==
{{Characters by Ascension Stat Table|HP}}

==Scaling with Character's Health==
===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Max HP Scaling Talents|collapsible=1}}

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|Max HP Scaling Constellations|collapsible=1}}

==Increasing Character's Health==
===Talents===
{{Talents by Category Table|Max HP Increase Talents}}

===Constellations===
{{Constellations by Category Table|Max HP Increase Constellations}}

==Weapons==
===Secondary Attribute===
The following weapons have HP as a Secondary Attribute.
{{Weapons by Category Table|HP Substat Weapons}}

===Passives===
The following weapons have HP as part of their passive effect.
{{Weapons by Category Table|HP Passive Weapons}}

==Artifacts==
{{Artifacts by Category Table|HP Increase Artifacts}}

==Food==
{{Food by Category Table|HP Increase Dishes}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = {{tt|HP|Health Points}}
|zhs     = 生命值
|zhs_rm  = Shēngmìng-zhí
|zht     = 生命值
|zht_rm  = Shēngmìng-zhí
|zh_tl   = Life Points
|ja      = HP
|ko      = HP
|es      = Vida
|es_tl   = Life
|fr      = {{tt|PV|Point de vie}}
|fr_tl   = {{tt|LP|Life Points}}
|ru      = HP
|th      = พลังชีวิต (HP)
|th_rm   = Phlang Chiwit (HP)
|th_tl   = Life Power (HP)
|vi      = HP
|de      = {{tt|LP|Lebenspunkte}}
|de_tl   = {{tt|LP|Life Points}}
|id      = HP
|pt      = Vida
|pt_tl   = Life
|tr      = Can
|tr_tl   = Life
|it      = {{tt|PS|Punti Salute}}
|it_tl   = {{tt|HP|Health Points}}
}}

==Navigation==
{{Attribute Navbox}}

[[ja:体力]]
[[th:พลังชีวิต]]
[[vi:HP]]