{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Hu Tao
|id             = 368133
|image          = Character Hu Tao Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Hu Tao''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I'm going out...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Great one-liner...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Business development...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} This is gonna be fun...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Who shall I hang out with...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Miss me?
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Heya!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo hutao mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Heya, {{Traveler}}!
:{{A|vo hutao mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Why'd you come find me out of the blue? Miss me?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' You have mountains, and bodies of water, food and fun, and everything to like!
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Besides, you're so kind to me. I really do love it here.
::{{DIcon}} I'm happy when I'm with you.
:::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Oh, really? Come, come, lend me your ear so I can tell you a secret.
:::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Truthfully, I feel the same way.
::{{DIcon}} Isn't it about time you invited me over?
:::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Well, sure I can! If going to the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor won't scare you silly.
:::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' As long as I'm not busy, you're welcome any time!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Oh, perfect timing! I was just looking for someone to talk to when you appeared. You don't have telepathy, do you?
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' *sigh* Aiya, aiya, no one's as considerate and kind as you are!
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So... what do you want to talk about, {{Traveler}}?
::{{DIcon}} I want to hear you explain some mysterious phenomena.
:::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship2 02a 1.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' How can words suffice? Hmm... In this world, seeing is believing.
:::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship2 02a 2.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' If you have the courage, you can come with me on a stroll in the mountains one night to see for yourself.
:::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship2 02a 3.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Is your heart pounding? Wanna go? Hee-hee, then it's settled~
::{{DIcon}} I want to hear about your recent works.
:::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship2 02b 1.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Oh, you mean my poems, right? Ahem. It's been forever since I performed in front of someone. One sec... Get ready!
:::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship2 02b 2.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' "There perched two birds on a tree, one swooped down and caught a mouse, you see. In the mouse's mouth was a sprout, clinging to a seed, no doubt, so that little plant got to fly for free."
:::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship2 02b 3.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' How's that? Give me your thoughts.
:::{{DIcon}} You really have such amazing literary talent.
:::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship2 02b 4.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Right? I knew you'd have a discerning eye to appreciate my poetry.
:::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship2 02b 5.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Ah, I'm so happy I could die! You're such a fantastic friend!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hmm... something I want to do... I already do what I want every day.
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So today, I won't tend to any of that other nonsense. I'll just hang out here.
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Your place has mountains and bodies of water, food and fun, and I get to hang out with you... How wonderful!
::{{DIcon}} You really like this place.
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Well it's not just the place, silly... I mean lots of places have courtyards and pavilions! Why would I like the place, of all things?
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hmm let's see... what else is there to like? Well, of course it's... it's... guess!
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hee-hee! That look on your face... I'll stop teasing you.
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I like hanging out with you. And the fact that you're here with me proves that you like hanging out with me too!
::{{DIcon}} I figured as much.
::{{DIcon}} You really don't mean what you say, do you?
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hee-hee, no matter what you say, I'm staying here today and no one can drag me away!
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' We have such a good relationship, so... surely you won't mind?
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Hu Tao.
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Morning~
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Look at how full of life you are! Must've slept like the dead last night, huh?
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Hu Tao.
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hehehe... good night, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Rest early and don't worry about nightmares, monsters under your bed, or anything like that.
::{{A|vo hutao mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' If such a thing happens, I'll settle it myself!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Cloudy Haze Dream-Court===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly hutao bedroom 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' There's an old saying in Liyue: "a bed that faces the door... shall be haunted by a ghost of horror."
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly hutao bedroom 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' But as long as I'm here, you won't have anything to worry about.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly hutao bedroom 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' And if a couple of ghosts do come, you could invite them to play a game! Hmm... actually, why don't we put a table and some chairs here? Hee-hee...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Qingce Cloud Residence===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly hutao villiage 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' ...The atmosphere in the village is great. I've gotten some poetic inspiration just walking around!
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly hutao villiage 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Ooh, do you think we'll see anything interesting after nightfall? Like... a statue coming to life, or an eerie fire underwater...
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly hutao villiage 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hehe... you'll join me, right?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Hu Tao/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Hu Tao/Sérénithéière]]
[[it:Hu Tao/Compagnia]]
[[ja:胡桃/仲間]]
[[ru:Ху Тао/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Hu Tao/Konaklama]]
[[uk:Ху Тао/Супутник(ця)]]
[[vi:Hu Tao/Bạn Đồng Hành]]