{{Book Infobox
|image       = Book Humor From Tianheng.png
|type        = Quest Items
|quality     = 0
|region_lore = Liyue
|region_location = Liyue
|description = A poetry collection by Pingshan, The Mystic. The quality of the poems is all over the place, but it has long been a reference book or young poets or poet-wannabes in [[Liyue]].
|author      = Pingshan
|source1     = In front of [[Verr Goldet]], [[Wangshu Inn]]
}}
'''Humor From Tianheng''' is a [[Quest Item]] that can be found in [[Wangshu Inn]].

==First Song==
I watch two village men play chess, they play it terribly. For one of them is lacking skill &mdash; the other, strategy.<br>
A muddled mess of bungled chess upon the board ensues. I claim to watch in ignorance... in fact, I'm quite amused!

==Second Song==
These curious rock formations! All that grows here grows awry:<br>
There's bonsai leaves on bonsai trees that nature bonsified!<br>
From [[Cor Lapis]] to shining jade, to silken shrubs galore, the sights exceed what many aged simpletons can endure.

==Third Song==
[[Jueyun Karst]] houses a second sky, a place that mere mortals cannot spy.<br>
The more that one seeks it, the more it seems true, for the birds and beasts here hail from there too.

==Fourth Song==
White like silk, fine like salt, an exquisite antique is sand.<br>
The rich expel it from their homes, but in mine, I boast that it freely roams.

==Fifth Song==
A sound assails my ears, 'tis waves that crash against the cliff.<br>
Atop the cliff I sleep, and beneath the cliff I fish.<br>
A thoughtless neighbor is that wind god, who tears the sky asunder. For he sends things flying everywhere, and disturbs the people's slumber.

==Sixth Song==
Spring blooms in [[Qingce Village|Qingce]], floral fragrance fills the air. It's times like this I really wish my mom and dad were there.<br>
Silvergrass softly rustles in the cool autumnal breeze. I harvest it to weave new clothes before the winter freeze.

==Seventh Song==
[[Rex Lapis]] erected this mountain and built that bay by the sea.<br>
These stratified cliffs are majestic, and those streets entertain endlessly.

==Eight Song==
Oh, how cool is the shade of the trees when summer's heat sets in! I lie my body on a bed of leaves, in a blanket of breeze ensconced.<br>
Alas, mosquitos show no mercy to my tender skin! In haste, I flee from persecution and head back home at once.

==Ninth Song==
I took an after-dinner stroll at evening by the sea. I stroked my beard in thought and gazed out at the galaxy:<br>
The stars across the sky connect to form a canopy, holding back the moon lest it fall into the sea.

==Tenth Song==
I stopped by [[Feiyun Slope]] to view the merchants' wares:<br>
precious stones of every kind &mdash; from expensive to astronomical.<br>
But why waste [[Mora]] here on rocks, and have none left to spare?<br>
I'd rather spend at [[Yujing Terrace]] on all things gastronomical.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Humor From Tianheng
|zhs     = 天衡绝倒集
|zhs_rm  = Tiānhéng Juédǎo Jí
|zht     = 天衡絕倒集
|zht_rm  = Tiānhéng Juédǎo Jí
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 天衡絶倒集
|ja_rm   = Tenkou Zettou Shuu
|ja_tl   = Tianheng Sidesplitting Humor Collection
|ko      = 천형절 시집
|ko_tl   = Tianheng Sidesplitting Anthology
|es      = Humor de Tianheng
|es_tl   = Humor From Tianheng
|fr      = Humour de Tianheng
|fr_tl   = Humor From Tianheng
|ru      = Юмор Тяньхэн
|ru_tl   = Tianheng Humor
|th      = อารมณ์ขันจาก Tianheng
|th_rm   = Arom Khan Chak Tianheng
|th_tl   = Sense of Humor from Tianheng
|vi      = Thiên Hoành Tuyệt Đảo Tập
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Lustiges von Tianheng
|de_tl   = Funny Things from Tianheng
|id      = Humor Tianheng
|id_tl   = Tianheng Humor
|pt      = Humor de Tianheng
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Tianheng Mizahı
|tr_tl   = Tianheng Humor
|it      = Le vicende di Tianheng
|it_tl   = The Events of Tianheng
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Book Navbox|Liyue}}

[[es:Humor de Tianheng]]
[[fr:Humour de Tianheng]]
[[pt-br:Humor de Tianheng]]
[[ru:Юмор Тяньхэн]]
[[uk:Збірка неперевершених творів від Тяньхеня]]
[[vi:Thiên Hoành Tuyệt Đảo Tập]]