{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71523
|image         = Hundred-Pace Hurling Rites.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Waterborne Poetry
|requirement   = 
* Complete [[Congenial Gathering (Quest)|Congenial Gathering]]
|characters    = Ting Zhi; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Waterborne Poetry/Hundred-Pace Hurling Rites|Hundred-Pace Hurling Rites]] subevent
}}
'''''Hundred-Pace Hurling Rites''''' is a [[World Quest]] during the [[Waterborne Poetry]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Ting Zhi

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Ting Zhi is busy near Wangshu Inn...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Ting Zhi)
:'''Ting Zhi:''' Hmm... Now it shouldn't be too difficult...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Ting Zhi:''' I'm setting up the game I'm responsible for... Have you heard of "Hundred-Pace Hurling Rites"?
:{{DIcon}} You want me to conduct a bunch of rites to chuck things long distances?
:'''Ting Zhi:''' You... are very perceptive, and got it half right! The core game mechanics do revolve around "throwing," but that's not what "rites" means here.
:'''Ting Zhi:''' I learned about this game from an ancient book. Let me briefly walk you through it...
:'''Ting Zhi:''' The traditional rules dictate that all participants in this game must be sitting down, as part of the rites.
:'''Ting Zhi:''' Well, you must also adopt a special sitting posture, which I will not demonstrate for you at this time, since I don't have any cushions here...
:'''Ting Zhi:''' From their sitting positions, the participants must follow the music's rhythm and "throw" the "Darts" into the distant "pots."
:'''Ting Zhi:''' There are many ways to throw the Darts into the pots, each with their own special names.
:'''Ting Zhi:''' For example, the first Dart to land in the pot is called the "First." If the subsequent Dart also lands in the vessel, it's called a "Streak."
:'''Ting Zhi:''' If the Dart hits the handles of the pot, it's called "Piercing." If a Dart is thrown through the neck before bouncing out of the pot, it's called "Valiant."
:{{DIcon}} Th&mdash;That's way too complicated!
::'''Ting Zhi:''' Don't worry. I just told you these are the "traditional rules."
::'''Ting Zhi:''' But I have simplified them for everyone's convenience.
:{{DIcon}} Th&mdash;There's no way to remember all that!
::'''Ting Zhi:''' Don't worry, you don't need to remember all those terms, they... Ugh... Remembering them is my job.
:'''Ting Zhi:''' Ahem! Anyway, all you need to know is that the goal is to throw as many Darts into the pots as you can before time runs out... I'll take care of the rest!
:{{DIcon}} That sure is simplified, alright.
:'''Ting Zhi:''' I mean... The rule book does say that whoever tosses the most Darts into the pot wins...
:'''Ting Zhi:''' As for the rules that require the loser to drink and write a poem... I can't really ask every player who loses to do all that now, now can I?
:'''Ting Zhi:''' Anyways! I'm almost done setting up the game. The Holding Pots are over there. I'll get you the Darts momentarily.
:'''Ting Zhi:''' You can try it now if you're interested.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Waterborne Poetry/Hundred-Pace Hurling Rites}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

[[pt-br:Corrida de Cem Passos (Missão)]]
[[ru:Обряд бросков на сто шагов (задание)]]
[[vi:Vần Thơ Trong Nước/Ném Vật Từ Xa]]