{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 04021
|image         = Archon Quest Hunters Prophets.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = IV
|act           = Masquerade of the Guilty
|actNum        = V
|part          = 3
|characters    = Charlotte; Clorinde; Freminet; Furina; Isadora; Lynette; Lyney; Nicole Reeyn; Mona; Navia; Neuvillette; Paimon; Sedene; Tetreaux; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Belleau Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Belleau Region
|subarea       = 
|poi           = 
|prev          = Meeting Is Also Parting
|next          = Apocalypse
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*1,000;Mora*44,000;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Hunters, Prophets|chapter=4|act=5|part=3}}

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Spina di Rosula]] base
# Go to [[Neuvillette]]'s office
# Go to [[Poisson]]
# Go to the Spina di Rosula base
# Go to the newsstand
# Continue moving forward
# Leave [[Hotel Debord]]
# Go to [[the Steambird]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing step 3 grants the {{Achievement|The Stage of Fate}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You return to the Spina di Rosula base in Fleuve Cendre, and there, you meet an unexpected friend...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Continues from ''[[Meeting Is Also Parting]]'')
:{{Black Screen|Navia and Neuvillette both depart. You and Paimon head to the Spina di Rosula base at Fleuve Cendre...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, we're finally back!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 tetreaux 01.ogg}} '''Tetreaux:''' Welcome back. We've got a special menu prepared for you two tonight.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay, and there's good food, too! Navia &mdash; no, the Boss &mdash; is the best!
:{{DIcon}} You did great as well, Paimon.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, ooh, desserts! Nice! They're all Paimon's.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew! Paimon's already starting to forget what happened today...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh? That voice... Is that who I think it is?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' It's you two! What are you doing in Fontaine?
:{{Introductory Note|Mona}}
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mona!?
:{{DIcon}} Lady Megistus!
:{{DIcon}} Did the stars not tell you that we might meet here?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Seriously? Nobody just uses a scryglass whenever they've got time to just see who they'll meet on the road.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, we didn't expect to see you here... Wait, you're not a Fontainian, are you, Mona?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well, I have some business to attend to here, so I booked a hotel in the city. I was just out for a stroll... when I bumped into you. Quite unexpectedly, if I might add.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Why did you think I was from Fontaine, though? Is that because "Megistus" doesn't sound much like a Mondstadter surname?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, let's go with that!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well, I used to have my own surname, which was, well, some other thing... Either way, the old hag told me when she took me as her disciple that the first step to being a Great Astrologist's pupil was to change that name.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' There was nothing for it, really. She really is amazing at astrology, so I changed my name to what it is now according to her wishes. To my surprise, however, "Megistus" is not the name of some ancient house or clan.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? It isn't?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Nope. Although it is used by us in place of surnames, it generally just means "great."
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, imagine including a boast in your name... Wait, are you gonna have to put that into your genealogy as well?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I reckon so. In any case, I'd give my disciple a name like this as well, if I were to take one.
:{{DIcon}} And may I ask what your master's name is?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' [[Astromancer Barbeloth Trismegistus]].
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, that's a long one... Does it also mean "great" or something?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' My name means "Mona, the Great Astrologist." As for the old hag, hers is, in plain speech, "the thrice-as-great scholar of the stars." Just take it as a title specific to astrologists.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thrice-as-great!? That's so... petty!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I know, right? That's just how she is! She used to call herself Megistus, actually, but once she took me in, she changed her name to Trismegistus...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Talk about excessive...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Megistus is thus the calling card of our school, so to speak, which makes it about the same as a surname. It's alright if you don't get it &mdash; you can look into it further should you need to study astrology more deeply.
:{{DIcon}} How about "Triple-Strength-Traveler"...
:{{DIcon}} Or "Triple-Appetite-Paimon"...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds terrible!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But anyway, you're not Fontainian, are you, Mona? You're from Mondstadt, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 14.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well, I was born in Mondstadt, yes. My parents migrated to [[Dornman Port]], and I traveled with the old hag for a while, after which I settled down in Mondstadt City.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that's a good thing then! At least we know you won't be dissolved by Fontaine's waters.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 15.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm, speaking of that, I'm sure you're aware that a bunch of things have happened here in Fontaine, right? I know you're not a local, but I'd avoid getting too close to any water that looks strange all the same.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 16.ogg}} '''Mona:''' There's something ominous about it... The water, I mean.
:{{DIcon}} Did you come to Fontaine because of the prophecy, Mona?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 17.ogg}} '''Mona:''' That was the main reason, yes. Just a while back, The Steambird invited me to take part in a panel and speak about the circulation of the prophecy as an astrologist.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 18.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The invitation was sent quite early on. I don't think anyone expected Fontaine to be in this much trouble.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you make of that prophecy, Mona? Just tell us what you think as an astrologist... Your word would go a long way to make things more certain and less... scary!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 19.ogg}} '''Mona:''' What I can tell you is that I'm an astrologist, and that this prophecy concerns the fate of Fontaine, even that of all Teyvat. Ascertaining this is akin to reading the fortune of the whole world.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 20.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I'm afraid that this is not something that just anyone can do. If I could do it, you would no longer call me an astrologist... but a visionary.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 21.ogg}} '''Mona:''' But on the flip side, the prophecy is so huge and powerful that it must surely come from a powerful [[Vedrfolnir|visionary]]. Its contents involve the fate of the world... Disregarding it would be a mistake.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A visionary... Sounds really powerful and all, but does such a person really exist?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 22.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Of course. The old hag could do it, and I'd bet there are others amongst those [[Hexenzirkel]] colleagues of hers who could do something similar.
:{{DIcon}} I need to ascertain the accuracy of the prophecy.
:{{DIcon}} Could you help me get in touch with your master?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 23.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Huh? A&mdash;Are you sure?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 24.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm... Alright, I'll help you. It isn't often that I see you with such a serious look on your face. I'll tell you once I hear back from her.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks, Mona! You're amazing as always.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 25.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hehe. Well, this is something only I can do, after all. So yes, your praises are quite welcome!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's the greatest of astrologists for you! Of all the people we know, you know the stars the best.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 26.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Indeed, indeed! That's the spirit.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 tetreaux 02.ogg}} '''Tetreaux:''' Oh, sorry. I came to see what all the commotion was about... If you have anything you need, do not hesitate to inform the Spina di Rosula.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 mona 27.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Uh... Whoops, guess we were getting a little too carried away there. Well, I'll go tend to my own business now. If I receive any news, I'll be sure to come find you two again!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And there she goes, quick as rushing water... And here we are with this Spina guy giving us suspicious looks.
:{{DIcon}} Well, we were making a ruckus.
::{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 22a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right, but we were able to recruit Mona's help, didn't we? Our Fontainian friends will thank us someday.
:{{DIcon}} Try to keep it down next time, Paimon.
::{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 22b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hah! If Paimon hadn't spoken for you, it'd be you getting all the weird looks! Hmph. The things Paimon does for you...
::{{DIcon}} Alright, alright. Thanks, Paimon.
::{{A|vo fdaq303 1 paimon 22b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe... That's more like it!
:{{Black Screen|After the conversation, you decide to get a good night's sleep to replenish your energy...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq303 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *yawn* Good morning... To be honest, Paimon's still feeling kinda sleepy.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But it's time to get up, Traveler! We agreed to go see Neuvillette, so let's pack it up and get going.
----
;(Approach Neuvillette's office)
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 sedna 01.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' Y&mdash;You're here! Finally!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, is something wrong?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 sedna 02.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' Monsieur Neuvillette and Lady Furina... they seem to have gotten into a dispute! Please, go see for yourself.
:{{Color|menu|You go to the office entrance. The tension between the two within is palpable...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Like I said, I've already explained everything!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' And yet, the problem has not been properly solved. There is little space for excuses between us.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It is not my intention to offend you, but please, tell me where you stand. You are the Hydro Archon Focalors, are you not?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Look at this. This is a list of the victims from the recent Poisson incident.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Y&mdash;You mean... They're all...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' We did not arrive in time to avert this disaster, and I will not have it happen again.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 04.ogg}} '''Furina:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I will say this once more. You must tell me everything you know.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Yesterday, I found three stone slates in some ancient ruins near Poisson. Do you know anything about those?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 05.ogg}} '''Furina:''' ...Seriously? You're questioning me like this is a court case now. I don't know anything about that.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 06.ogg}} '''Furina:''' But... you found them in some ancient ruins, you say?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' That's correct, which is why I came to ask you some questions. There should have been four slates, but one of them was missing. The other three feature different images that seem to correlate to the prophecy.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 07.ogg}} '''Furina:''' The prophecy...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The second of these slates depicts the previous Hydro Archon [[Egeria]] kneeling before a floating island in the sky, as if confessing something. Do you know nothing of this, either?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 08.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I don't. I've never seen such slates.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I'll ask you again... Do you really have no information regarding the previous Archon?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' My deciphering of the slates indicates that the Hydro Archon Egeria once had to confess to, or apologize for, a certain sin. If anyone would know about it, it should be you.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 09.ogg}} '''Furina:''' All gods don't have the same secrets, you know. She was herself, and I'm me. Is it really so strange that I know nothing?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 10.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I understand your concerns, but... I'm sorry. I just don't have anything to tell you.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 12.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Forgive me for saying this now, Lady Furina, but I have long known of your various secret investigations into certain matters.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 13.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' There are several indications that you have been investigating the prophecy on the sly.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 14.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' This is not strange in itself, considering that you are the Hydro Archon. But it is strange that you also should claim not to know any of Egeria's secrets, as well as do nothing following your inquiries.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 15.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You have never been as superficial as you have presented yourself to be, nor are you a fool. And yet, your behavior is very inconsistent...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 11.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Haha... Hahahaha! So you've been watching me all this time, have you? I didn't think you were that type!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 16.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 12.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Well, since you know about my secret investigations, then you should know I'm actually working to take care of it.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 13.ogg}} '''Furina:''' There's no point questioning or suspecting me. You're the Iudex, but you're still my subordinate &mdash; you should be following my lead.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 14.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Just trust in me, your Archon, and do as I say &mdash; never mind whether you can truly convince yourself to or not. It'll all turn out fine.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 15.ogg}} '''Furina:''' ...That's all I have to say. We do not discuss this matter again.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 furina 16.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Ah, the opera's about to start. Toodles!
:{{Color|menu|Furina finishes speaking and runs out of the office in a hurry.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 17.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did Furina not notice us standing by the door? Wonder what's up with her. She was smiling... Huh, she didn't seem in the mood to care if we were listening in or not...
:{{DIcon}} She seems deeply troubled...
:{{DIcon}} She seems to be deliberately hiding something...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 18.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I assume you've been outside for a while now?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you noticed? Seems Furina didn't even realize we were here.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 19.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' She was in a great panic, though I cannot discern the reason. Our discussion reached impasses time and again &mdash; a state of affairs that we cannot allow to continue.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 20.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Still, I do not understand. Dialogue is the basis for understanding, so why did she keep refusing to engage?
:{{DIcon}} I'm afraid questions alone might not suffice...
::{{DIcon}} We need to make her understand how dire the situation actually is.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 21.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Everyone in her inner circle has noticed that she is hiding some secret. The issue is her attitude. I fear that she will not reveal anything unless absolutely forced to.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 22.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' We may have to create a situation in which she will have no choice but to speak.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? Like what?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 23.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Normally, people will only reveal the truth when standing trial. Perhaps we must have the Hydro Archon experience just such a scenario.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Furina's seen so many trials, and she's really good at dodging questions. How do we make sure that she won't just slip away at the first chance she gets?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 24.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' We will need to consider this thoroughly, join forces with various parties, and then do what we can.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 25.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 26.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' If at all possible, I would prefer to recuse myself from this affair, but... We must prevent the prophecy from coming to pass.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 27.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' This may be cruel to her, but all Fontaine is in crisis &mdash; the "information a god possesses" is too precious, and so we must take a chance on this.
:{{DIcon}} In that case, we will need help.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 3 neuvillette 28.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' But who will lend us their aid to do such a thing?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, I think I know who to call.
:{{Black Screen|A few days later, on a boat somewhere in quiet Poisson...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that's everyone, huh?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, it was pretty smart of you to think of hiding here.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 lynette 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Poisson was just involved in a disaster, so it's presently devoid of people. That naturally makes it the best choice.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And here you are, drinking tea like it's the most natural thing in the world, huh?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 lynette 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' That's what family should do &mdash; sit and enjoy a leisurely time together.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Haha. It's nice to enjoy tea here, you know. Care for a cup?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ahem! Lend me your ears, everyone... Hmm. Or perhaps one of you might like to start us off? How about you, friend?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 freminet 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Uh, me!? N&mdash;No, I don't think I can...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Then, how about you, good sir?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I fear that I will cause the mood on this boat to become as somber as it is in court...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well then, I guess we're lucky we've got a local like me to organize things. Wonderful &mdash; the spotlight, at last! I guess I'll be facilitating things from here.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' That was a little long-winded, don't you think?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, you might be right... Anyway, to cut to the chase, our friend here, {{Traveler}}, has brought us together to discuss something.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 navia 05.ogg}} '''Navia:''' As for what that is... Well, let's start by saying that we'll be pooling our efforts together to create a series of "traps."
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oh? How intriguing.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Well, it's just an expression, really &mdash; one that I just learned from Clorinde, and used on the spot... so let's invite her to explain in detail. A round of applause, please!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Huh? Didn't you say that you would be facilitating this?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 navia 07.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, come now, your work doesn't involve much public speaking, right? This is a good chance to practice &mdash; you might even pick up some fancy oratory tricks to impress your boss with in the future.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 03.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I see. And what does my boss say?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Ahem... He is glad that you consider him your boss. Do go on.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 04.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' In that case, do any of you have experience in... hunting?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 lynette 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Not that I recall.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Freminet and I once used a wooden stick and a basket to catch wild rabbits when we were younger. As for Lynette... Ah right, you were sick that day, weren't you?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 freminet 02.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' I've also gone diving to catch some fish before. Does that count?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 05.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I'm afraid not. You may or may not have heard, but Fontaine once played host to a group known as the [[Marechaussee Hunters]].
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 06.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Though that was their name, they did not hunt animals, but rather various monsters left behind by the ancient dynasty of King [[Remus]].
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 07.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Today, Fontaine's monster population has already thinned greatly, so the Hunters have blended back into society, taking up arms in other lines of work. They even left a unique methodology of hunting in their wake.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 08.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' A trap comprises of the following components: bait, a trigger, and a containment device. Sometimes, a lethal implement will also be necessary to deal with the prey.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 09.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' So if we were to build a trap together right now, what would you choose to build it with?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' For me, I would prefer something basket-shaped. Pigeons and rabbits will see the bait and naturally enter the snare.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Our line of work requires a deft hand, and we're some of the best in the industry, so you can count on our techniques.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 navia 08.ogg}} '''Navia:''' You used some of those techniques while moving the people of Poisson, didn't you? My subordinates mentioned that you even performed some magic for the bawling children.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Yes, and I even managed to gather some intelligence in the meantime &mdash; I'm quite the multitasker if I do say so myself.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 freminet 03.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' I'm afraid I can't claim that as my strong suit... I prefer more stable methods, like placing bait in the water and waiting for the fish to come within reach... That's the kind of method I would count on.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, calm and steady &mdash; exactly the kind of person who would catch loads of fish.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 lynette 04.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' And I can be their assistant.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 10.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' With discretion, I'm sure.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 navia 09.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Hmm... I'd probably use some sort of mechanical animal. Papa once bought me some small clockwork squirrels, mice, and such. When placed in the forest, they can attract others of their kind.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 navia 10.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I remember that you liked those too, didn't you?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 11.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I did, and that would be a good way to go about it. If they're realistic enough, animals of the same kind will follow them all the way to the trap.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 navia 11.ogg}} '''Navia:''' What about you, Monsieur Neuvillette?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I... fear I do not have any related experience.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 12.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' That makes sense. You usually solve problems directly, without the use of any such tricks.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 13.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' But I do have one more question for you, Monsieur.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 14.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' If we were to create a trap now, how would you design it?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Hmm, I would like for it to be effective but bring no harm to the prey. A more gentle trap would be ideal.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 15.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Kind, as always. However, our intention doesn't necessarily change the containment device and the type of implement we need.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 16.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' If we wanted to kill the prey in one strike, we would need a powerful implement. However, that also goes for prey that must be captured and safely contained.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 navia 12.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Wait, why's that?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 clorinde 17.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Only a hunter who is a true expert at subduing their prey can snare it without harming it. The line that divides life and death is often exceedingly thin.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 freminet 04.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' ...So, are we going hunting together?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, we hadn't thought of seeing ourselves as hunters. It kinda works... but maybe it's still not the best metaphor.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' If our means of capturing and dealing with our prey is to put them on trial, then the hunting metaphor is actually quite accurate.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' But we shall require much more courage than any hunter to judge a god &mdash; a being whose seat is an exalted throne.
:{{DIcon}} That's right.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 4 lyney 07.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oh, so that's what is going on... sounds very interesting.
:{{Black Screen|Clorinde's hunting metaphor was just that... a metaphor.<br>You will not call this a "hunt" because that is not what you should do at present, nor has the relationship between you and Furina reached such a dire stage.}}
:{{Black Screen|What you need is simply the secrets she is keeping.<br>Attempting to take her secrets is an act of sacrilegious disrespect, but must be done to prevent Fontaine from sinking into the waters as foretold in the prophecy.}}
:{{Black Screen|There is neither hunter nor prey, but there must be a "trap."<br>That is what you will need.}}
----
;(Approach the Spina di Rosula base)
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew, it's been a tough few days, hasn't it? So much has been happening!
:{{DIcon}} Those meetings sure did make me hungry...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Paimon didn't think the meetings would go on for so long, but everyone seemed pretty fired up, huh?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thought they'd be at least a little frightened... Well, Freminet was, now that Paimon thinks about it. But everyone else just looked a little surprised.
:{{DIcon}} Do you feel more confident after the meetings, Paimon?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Well...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's hard to say &mdash; Paimon doesn't have any experience with this sort of thing. But with you around, Paimon's sure we'll do great!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After all, you're the most reliable person in the world, aren't you? Hehe... Huh?
:{{DIcon}} Uh, is something wrong?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, did you just pour some tea? Paimon didn't notice you doing that at all!
:{{DIcon}} No, I didn't.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;Then what's that?
:;(An ornate red teacup filled with hot tea sits on the table they are at)
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Paimon's never seen that cup before!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Don't be frightened. I'm just joining you two for tea. I merely refrained from saying anything till now.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Who's that voice!? But there's no one here!
;(If the player has completed ''[[Inversion of Genesis]]'')
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Ah, have you forgotten me already?
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... You *are* familiar... You're the voice we heard from the sky in Sumeru!
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 03.ogg}} '''???:''' "The voice from the sky," hmm? I fear that description is wrong &mdash; though not completely wrong.
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 04.ogg}} '''???:''' You're feeling lost now, just as you were feeling previously. I sensed that confusion, and thus came to you. Guiding people is an irresistible hobby of mine, after all.
::{{DIcon}} Who are you? And what do you want with us?
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 07.ogg}} '''???:''' Consider me a passerby, just accepting a commission from my friend's disciple on a whim.
:;(If the player has completed ''[[Joy Above the Clouds]]'')
:::'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Friend's disciple... So, this is one of the friends of Mona's master? The enigmatic [[N]] of the Hexenzirkel?)
::{{DIcon}} Allow me to ask you...
::{{DIcon}} Will Fontaine's prophecy come true?
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 09.ogg}} '''Mage "N":''' The prophecy... Yes, what has been prophesized will be fulfilled. You may view such things as "the history of the future."
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What... Th&mdash;Then, is there any way we can stop it?
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 10.ogg}} '''Mage "N":''' I believe you have witnessed a failed attempt with your own eyes. Can everything in Teyvat so easily be changed?
;(If the player has not completed ''Inversion of Genesis'')
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 05.ogg}} '''???:''' What a strange conclusion, but also such an interesting one... You two make such a fascinating combo.
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 06.ogg}} '''???:''' And yet, even you feel confused. As such, I couldn't resist but come by for some tea and a chat.
::{{DIcon}} Who are you? And what do you want with us?
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 07.ogg}} '''???:''' Consider me a passerby, just accepting a commission from my friend's disciple on a whim.
::{{DIcon}} (Friend's disciple... So, this is one of the friends of Mona's master?)
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 08.ogg}} '''Mage "N":''' Precisely. Call me N, a mage who wanders the world. At least, that's how my friends have suggested that I introduce myself.
::{{DIcon}} Allow me to ask you...
::{{DIcon}} Will Fontaine's prophecy come true?
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 09.ogg}} '''Mage "N":''' The prophecy... Yes, what has been prophesized will be fulfilled. You may view such things as "the history of the future."
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What... Th&mdash;Then, is there any way we can stop it?
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 11.ogg}} '''Mage "N":''' People call such things "fate," and it is written in the stars &mdash; it cannot so easily be altered.
:{{DIcon}} There it is again... "fate."
:{{DIcon}} Can there really be no exceptions?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 12.ogg}} '''Mage "N":''' Ah, so you've caught on.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 13.ogg}} '''Mage "N":''' Just as prophecies are usually only the future as seen from the perspectives of the gods, could things be happening in hidden corners where the gods' gaze does not fall?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 14.ogg}} '''Mage "N":''' Are the things that you shall see different from the fate that the gods perceive?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What is she talking about? It all sounds really impressive and important and stuff... but it also sounds kinda scary.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The tea in the teacup is just about gone as well...)
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 15.ogg}} '''Mage "N":''' I believe that you understand, right? Some things are insignificant... but others, you must reach out to change.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 16.ogg}} '''Mage "N":''' Ultimately, fate shall serve as your only guide no matter what will happen in Teyvat's future. All you need to do is to play your part.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 madamn 17.ogg}} '''Mage "N":''' This was good tea, by the way. Thank you for your hospitality. Well, that'll be all for today.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The voice... it's gone.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Mage N... is this the clue you're leaving for us?)
:{{Black Screen|The unexpected news leads to complicated feelings. You lie in bed for a long time before finally falling asleep.}}
:{{Black Screen|When you wake up, someone seems to be outside...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Paimon hears someone talking...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *yawn*~ Alright, alright, coming...
:{{DIcon}} You're getting more diligent, Paimon.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! It's you who's getting lazy, okay?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well, I see I've walked in on some lively banter.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mona!
:{{DIcon}} How've you been these past few days?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Fine, just fine. I went to take part in that Steambird panel. It turned out to be more interesting than I expected.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Not all Fontainians are pessimistic about this. One journalist mentioned that sitting around and waiting for the end to come would be wrong, and that they should make their own rescue preparations. I agreed, so we had a brief chat with her.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, did she have pink hair, by any chance?
;(If the player has completed ''[[Duel! The Summoners' Summit!/Story|Duel! The Summoners' Summit!]]''){{Verify}}
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Why, yes &mdash; it was Charlotte! You remember her, right? That daredevil journalist?
;(If the player has not completed ''Duel! The Summoners' Summit!''){{Verify}}
::{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Why, yes &mdash; it was Charlotte! I assume you've heard of her, no? That daredevil journalist?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I'm in full support of her view &mdash; prophecies are very important, but how can people allow their lives to be commandeered by just a few words?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! Paimon's glad to hear something sensible for once.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ah, yes. About what we had discussed before... I did try, but I'm afraid I couldn't reach the old hag. I'll try again tonight, but I wouldn't get your hopes up...
:{{DIcon}} Actually, someone already came over...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Huh?
:{{Black Screen|You tell Mona about your mysterious guest...}}
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Goodness gracious... Are you serious?
:{{DIcon}} I believe she came to pass a message to us.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She said that even the gods' gaze has blindspots &mdash; pretty bold if you ask Paimon. Most people would believe the gods to be all-knowing, right?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The Hexenzirkel members are certainly anything but ordinary. As for the mage named N... The old hag has mentioned her a few times. She said that N's sense of direction is incredible, and that she loves guiding those who are lost.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' But I've never met her, and if she were still alive, she'd be... Well, suffice it to say that the hag's at least a few hundred now, and N's been around for longer than that!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... The Hexenzirkel sounds like a scary group... But they must really stay in shape to live so long!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Their abilities alone are pretty terrifying. If she came to see you personally, then the problem you're facing must truly be of great importance.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, it's not like Paimon could understand anything she said.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 14.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Yes, she was quite cryptic, but I suspect she means that there is still a way to turn things around. She didn't say when or what that would be, though, so...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 15.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Perhaps it is something that you cannot know right now...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (True. Her words were meant as a helpful hint, but when will we realize their value and meaning...?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Was that the best answer that my question could have gotten?)
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 16.ogg}} '''Mona:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, are you two alright?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we're fine, we're just a little down right now... It kinda feels like the end is coming, you know?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 17.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I see. I feel that same sense of desperation, too.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 18.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I guess you could consider me someone who has often witnessed "fate." So far as I have seen, it cannot be swayed.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 19.ogg}} '''Mona:''' But even so, I still hope for &mdash; and believe in &mdash; miracles. Astrology is eternal and rational, but fate may not be. It is cruel... but it can also be beautiful.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 20.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Perhaps that's what N was trying to tell you. Not to lose heart, and to believe that what you were seeing playing out before you is not yet set in stone.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 21.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I did originally think of steering clear of all this, but I couldn't. Even if this is all futile, I still wish to help everyone. If we don't struggle to the last, then how can we face the end when it comes?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 25.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh. You do have a point...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 22.ogg}} '''Mona:''' *sigh* Haha, there I go talking about astrological principles again. Sorry about that, the moment I start talking about work-related stuff... Oh, I need to get going!
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry about it, Mona &mdash; and thank you.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 23.ogg}} '''Mona:''' It was worth trying to comfort you, even if only a little. I believe that you'll help those who're struggling in the same way I did.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 mona 24.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I suppose that might be why we always seem to meet by coincidence.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 26.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon feels kinda moved by what Mona said... but also kinda sad, too.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 5 paimon 27.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}... Paimon suddenly feels like going outside for a walk. Let's go.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo fdaq303 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's take a walk around the city, shall we? There's a few spots we always like to walk by...
----
;(Approach [[Hubel]]'s newsstand)
:{{A|vo fdaq303 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Our names are written in this newspaper. Uh, what's going on?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we're famous?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "The underwater stronghold, the Fortress of Meropide, has continued in its noble autonomy, but that does not mean that others cannot interact with it."
:{{A|vo fdaq303 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "My recent attempts to enter the Fortress bore little fruit..." Huh? Guess Charlotte still hasn't given up on that...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 6 paimon 06a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo fdaq303 6 paimon 06b.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' "Thus did an outlander friend become the focus of this report &mdash; a blonde adventurer with their white fairy, legends trailing in their wake. It is said that this mysterious traveler once visited the underwater Fortress."
:{{A|vo fdaq303 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "So while the Fortress's interior remains a mystery behind closed doors, do not fear, for the tales of the Traveler contain surprises in spades!"
:{{A|vo fdaq303 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Journalist Charlotte's biggest scoop yet &mdash; 'The Traveler's Trail: World-Walker.'"
:{{A|vo fdaq303 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Charlotte took so many awesome photos of us, and we never even noticed her!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She hasn't been able to get ahold of anything at the Fortress, so since we're easier to find, she's using us as the subject matter instead?
:{{DIcon}} That sure seems to be the case...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 6 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, seriously... Well, fine. Those headlines and photos do look cool, so Paimon will forgive her this time!

;(Approach Hotel Debord)
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're here! Phew, Paimon's hungry. Should we go in and get something to eat?
:;(The Traveler and Paimon enter the hotel)<!-- black screen transition -->
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, quick! Look... That's...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's the limited-edition, only 16-slices-a-day cake!
:{{DIcon}} It hasn't already sold out for the day?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It was so delicious the last time we tried it, despite the tense situation we were in. Let's give it another go &mdash; Paimon's sure it'll be great!
:{{DIcon}} We can't let anyone get ahead of us!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 sedna 01.ogg}} '''???:''' One slice of cake, please.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Someone showed up after all!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? Wait, you're the one from the Palais Mermonia...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 sedna 02.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' Oh, are you here to buy cake too? Haha, it seems Monsieur Neuvillette was right &mdash; you really can eat.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, did he really say something like that?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 sedna 03.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' That's right. Even he has his own preferences when it comes to food. As for me, I love the cake and coffee here.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you come here often?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 sedna 04.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' Mhm, usually every day.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Every day...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 sedna 05.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' It's part of my daily schedule apart from work &mdash; I shall have my cake and coffee.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then what if someone told you one day that this place would be closing soon, and you wouldn't get to eat cake here anymore? What would you think?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 sedna 06.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' But why would it close?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon doesn't know either, but maybe... Maybe the waters will rise tomorrow... You know, like in the prophecy.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 sedna 07.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' Oh, the prophecy... To be honest, I haven't paid much attention to that. No. Still, even if there'd be no more cake tomorrow, that wouldn't keep me from having some today.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 sedna 08.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' No no. It's the same for eating in general. You might not be able to eat tomorrow, but if you can do so today, then you should carry on. That's what people call "living," you know?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Huh.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 sedna 09.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' Don't be sad. Excuse me, could I have two more slices of cake to go?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 sedna 10.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' These two slices are for you. [[Sigewinne]] said that this kind of expression you're making is what humans call "being sad."
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you know Sigewinne?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 sedna 11.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' I sure do. She was born before me, and she sometimes comes to the surface to teach us things about humans.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 sedna 12.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' She said that humans are creatures that are saddened easily, yes, and you can only lift their spirits by feeding them delicious food &mdash; so, please try the cakes here.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 sedna 13.ogg}} '''Sedene:''' I've got something else to do, so I'll be going now. You two try to stay in a good mood after eating, alright? Bye.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, Paimon hopes to see you later...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, let's dig in. Paimon's sure this cake will be delicious.
:{{Black Screen|You share a glance with Paimon and snarf down the cake.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's more delicious than last time &mdash; and the flavor gets even better with a sip of tea! It sure would be nice if we could come again tomorrow...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 7 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Sure would be nice if we could always eat delicious food here.

;(Leave Hotel Debord)
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we're near the Steambird office. Let's go look for Charlotte and have a chat!

;(Approach Charlotte)
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Wow, if it isn't {{Traveler}} and Paimon! Have you seen the article I wrote about you?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You've got some nerve! You just used us to make some quick Mora!
:{{DIcon}} Can we negotiate a profit split?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Oh, you needn't worry about that! I heard that you were in Poisson some time back, so I sent you a letter to discuss just that &mdash; it appears you didn't receive it, though.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 03.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' It's alright, though. I've already set aside the amount intended for you. I've even set the table with some food!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Ooh, you're the best!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 04.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Heh, you're almost a little too easy to win over, Paimon. If I were a journalist with ulterior motives, you'd be in trouble now, you know!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon knows you're not like that!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 05.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Still, what brings you here all of a sudden? Were you looking for me?
;(If the player has completed ''Duel! The Summoners' Summit!'')
::{{A|vo fdaq303 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When Mona mentioned you, we thought of coming to see you at work.
::{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 07.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Haha, I see. It seems you've already bumped into Mona here in Fontaine.
;(If the player has not completed ''Duel! The Summoners' Summit!'')
::{{A|vo fdaq303 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A friend of ours met you a while back, and when she mentioned it, we thought of coming to see you. Her name's Mona!
::{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 06.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Ah, so you know Miss Mona as well? She's a guest columnist for our paper &mdash; a really good one, too! She's so young, and already such a brilliant astrologist!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 08.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' So she mentioned me? What did she say?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She said that you're a real "daredevil" of a journalist!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 09.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Hahaha, nice &mdash; in which case, can this daredevil journalist dare to request an exclusive interview with the legendary Traveler and Paimon?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? So your article in the paper today doesn't count?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 10.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Oh, of course it doesn't &mdash; that was more like live photography. What I'd like to do is dive deeper and ask you to talk about the things you've seen and experienced.
:{{DIcon}} You seriously want to interview me?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Are we even... qualified enough?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 11.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Why not? If I say you're worth an interview, then you're worth it! But not right now, of course. I'll need a few days to prepare.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, in that case, we'll just chat when you have time then?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 12.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' So that's a "yes"? Splendid! I'll tell the editor-in-chief immediately. I'll have to apply for lighting, a venue, some props, and...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 13.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Whew, so much to get done now. Talk to you later!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Charlotte! Paimon's still got a question for you!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 14.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Hmm? What's that...?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If, just for example, Fontaine were to be flooded tomorrow, what would you do today?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 15.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Huh, that's the prophecy you're talking about, isn't it...? I mean, I do hear about it often, but I've never once thought that the day could be tomorrow.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 16.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' If you're seriously asking, then I might try and think of a way to leave Fontaine. But I'm still a journalist first and foremost. That means I have a duty to be reporting from the scene. And secondly... I wouldn't forsake my homeland that easily.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 17.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' From what I've seen, most people don't know what they'd do should the worst come to pass. In truth, it might be better to just behave like normal rather than worry over such an end.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 18.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' So in all likelihood, I'd probably still be prepping at the office for that interview of ours. I know what you're thinking... that sounds a bit sad, but I've always believed that it's best to do what you enjoy.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 19.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Just think about it! If this nation really were to be suddenly destroyed tomorrow, but I still successfully finish an exclusive interview with a truly unique person, then the story I would wind up writing would truly be timeless.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 20.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' And then do you know what I'd do? Well, I'd write that story, send it for printing, and use messenger pigeons to get copies out to the various nations as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 21.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' I'm not a dreamer, nor am I a workaholic, but I do love my job, and I'd be proud of leaving such an article behind. I guess you could say that I was born to be a journalist...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 charlotte 22.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' But anyway, that's my answer &mdash; and on that note, I'll get back to my preparations!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's so nice. All of a sudden, Paimon actually kinda envies her.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 8 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's go and take a look at the sea, shall we?
:;(The Traveler and Paimon go to the platform overlooking the sea behind the Palais)<!-- black screen transition -->
:{{A|vo fdaq303 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The sea breeze and scenery can be a pretty soothing combo, huh?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's been thinking...
:{{DIcon}} Yes?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If it wasn't Fontaine, but all of Teyvat that would be destroyed tomorrow, where would we go, and what would we do?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, Paimon should ask, if you could choose, what would you like to do?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (If I could choose, huh?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...Hmm, it's just like Charlotte said... Suddenly trying to consider what to do is pointless.)
:{{A|vo fdaq303 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've always been moving to the next destination, so we haven't spent much time thinking about these kinds of things. We didn't have to either, with us always being on the road and whatnot...
:{{DIcon}} Until that moment comes, I think I'll keep journeying on.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean still traveling?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, cherishing every single moment...
:{{DIcon}} That I have to look upon this world.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh. Wait, isn't that what we've always been doing?
:{{Black Screen|The banter goes back and forth between the two of you as time slips by.<br>As night falls, you return to your accommodations and end this busy day.}}
:{{Black Screen|The next few days are just as calm.<br>Charlotte comes to find you and conducts the interview in the Spina di Rosula safehouse at the Fleuve Cendre.}}
:{{Black Screen|Navia, having finished her business in Poisson, even drops by to take a photo with the two of you.<br>All goes well.}}
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *yawn* Feels like you'll grow mold if you stay here long enough...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But it's still better than the Fortress of Meropide, that's for sure. It's not only damp there, but salty, too...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 01.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' Ah, so the two of you are still here. Wonderful.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, you're from the Palais Mermonia, aren't you?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 02.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' Yes, I'm Isadora. Monsieur Neuvillette sent me to look for you two before... I heard that afterward, you went to the Fortress of Meropide.
:{{DIcon}} Err... So are you under the impression that we might be wanted criminals?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 03.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' Haha, not at all. I'm well aware that you're friends of his. Actually, I'm here to pass along a message from him...
:{{DIcon}} Let's hear it.
:{{DIcon}} Did something happen?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 04.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' Yes, inside the opera house. The Marechaussee Phantom has declared the incident a small-scale riot.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A riot?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 05.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' Well, that said, I don't personally think it was that serious.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 06.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' Lady Furina was watching a performance at the opera house, and while she was resting during an intermission, some other audience members suddenly started harassing her...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 07.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' Loudly accusing her of doing nothing about the "prophecy crisis."
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 08.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' And before she could respond, others started to join in.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 09.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' The crowd continued to grow and protests against the Hydro Archon started to break out.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, people have started to put the blame on Furina... Guess they finally found an outlet for the pressure they've been under due to the prophecy.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 10.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' I agree. People will naturally rely on gods as is customary, but the moment people feel threatened, gods are also the first to be blamed.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what happened after that? Is Furina okay?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 11.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' Seeing that the situation was spiraling out of control and that further argument was pointless, she claimed that she'd "gotten tired of this" and left in a hurry.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 12.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' The Marechaussee Phantom had their hands full maintaining order and did not catch where Lady Furina had gone. Only when things had stabilized did we realize that she had gone missing.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, you mean she's still missing?
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 13.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' That's right. The Marechaussee has dispatched many people to search for her, but we don't have any leads yet.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 14.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' That said, I don't think there's much to worry about. She is a god, after all. Even if she were to fall into the hands of rioters, what could ordinary people do to her?
:{{DIcon}} I understand the situation.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 15.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' Good. Monsieur Neuvillette sent me to tell you about the situation, but he didn't say anything else...
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, this is more than enough to go on. Thanks for keeping us informed!
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 isadora 16.ogg}} '''Isadora:''' Ah, is that so? Well, alright then. In that case, you two take care. I'll be heading back to the Palais now.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, sounds like we should hurry over to Poisson, then.
:{{DIcon}} You sure caught on quickly.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we know Furina, she won't try to fix things in this situation. Instead, she'll look for a place to wait out the heat.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And as we also know, she may be loud and dramatic, but she doesn't have a heart of stone.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When Neuvillette was talking to her in the Palais Mermonia, and she heard about Poisson, she couldn't hide her sadness and remorse.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It would be hard for her to ignore being accused by the public today.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks Furina's probably taken the opportunity to slip away to Poisson and try to relieve the sense of guilt that she's feeling.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heh... Well, whaddya think? Paimon knows the answer, of course, but Paimon can do the analysis to back it up too. Cool, huh?
:{{DIcon}} I see becoming a detective's done you some good.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like those detective novels have had an effect on you.
:{{A|vo fdaq303 10 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In that case, there's not a moment to lose. Poisson, here we come!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hunters, Prophets
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Shuli-zh, Yjin-zh
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Shuli-zh, Yjin-zh 
|zh_tl   = Hunters, Prophets
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Karyuudo to Yogensha
|ja_tl   = Hunters and Prophets
|ko      =  
|ko_tl   = The Hunter and the Prophet
|es      = Cazadores y profetas
|es_tl   = Hunters and Prophets
|fr      = Chasseurs, prophtes
|fr_tl   = Hunters, Prophets
|ru      = , 
|ru_tl   = Hunters, Prophets
|th      = 
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Th Sn V Tin Tri
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Jger und Propheten
|de_tl   = Hunters and Prophets
|id      = Pemburu, Peramal
|id_tl   = Hunters, Prophets
|pt      = Caadores, Profetas
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Avclar ve Kahinler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Cacciatori, profeti
|it_tl   = Hunters, Prophets
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter IV}}