{{Artifact Set Infobox
|id        = 517
|flower    = Bloom Times
|plume     = Plume of Luxury
|sands     = Song of Life
|goblet    = Calabash of Awakening
|circlet   = Skeletal Hat
|2pcBonus  = [[DEF]] +30%
|4pcBonus  = A character equipped with this Artifact set will obtain the Curiosity effect in the following conditions:<br />When on the field, the character gains 1 stack after hitting an opponent with a {{Geo}} attack, triggering a maximum of once every 0.3s.<br />When off the field, the character gains 1 stack every 3s.<br />Curiosity can stack up to 4 times, each providing 6% [[DEF]] and a 6% {{Color|Geo DMG Bonus}}.<br />When 6 seconds pass without gaining a Curiosity stack, 1 stack is lost.
|source4.1 = [[Slumbering Court]]
|source5.1 = [[Slumbering Court]]
|eff_att1  = DEF Increase
|eff_att2  = Geo DMG Bonus
|eff_att3  = Elemental DMG Bonus
|eff_att4  = 
}}
'''Husk of Opulent Dreams''' is an [[Artifact Set]] that was released in [[Version/2.3|Version 2.3]]. This artifact set is available in [[:Category:4-Star Artifacts|4-star]] and [[:Category:5-Star Artifacts|5-star]] rarities. It can be obtained from the [[Slumbering Court]] [[Domains|domain]].

==Gameplay Notes==
* 4-Piece Bonus:
** The number of stacks appears as a glowing yellow number on the character equipping this set, whenever they are on-field and either gain or lose stacks.
** Fulfilling the requirements for gaining a stack at 4 stacks still counts as gaining a stack, and will reset the 6-second stack loss timer.
** If a character does not gain a stack in 3 seconds, they will lose a stack even if off-field.

==Lore==
{{ArtifactLore}}

==Preview==
{{Preview
|file1=Artifact Husk of Opulent Dreams Passive 1
|caption1=4-Piece Bonus - Gaining one stack while on the field

|file2=Artifact Husk of Opulent Dreams Passive 2
|caption2=4-Piece Bonus - Losing stacks while on the field
}}

==See also==
*[[Artifacts/Stats]]

==Trivia==
*The lore explains the story of [[Scaramouche]], the 6th of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]].<ref>{{Ref/VO|Raiden Shogun|About Kunikuzushi}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Wishes (Quest)}}, "About the Shogun puppet..."</ref>
*While the English translation of Calabash of Awakening only says "his three acts are still ongoing," the Chinese version is more specific on this matter, stating that he is currently playing the third (namely, final) act of his life.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Husk of Opulent Dreams
|zhs     = 华馆梦醒形骸记
|zhs_rm  = Huáguǎn Mèngxǐng Xínghái Jì
|zht     = 華館夢醒形骸記
|zht_rm  = Huáguǎn Mèngxǐng Xínghái Jì
|zh_tl   = Tales of the [[Shakkei Pavilion|Opulent Mansion]], Awakening from a Dream, and the [[Scaramouche|Soulless Body]]{{Sino|zh|ja}}
|ja      = 華館夢醒形骸記
|ja_rm   = Kakan Musei Keigai Ki{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Tales of the [[Shakkei Pavilion|Opulent Mansion]], Awakening from a Dream, and the [[Scaramouche|Soulless Body]]
|ja_note = See the lore of Calabash of Awakening for the meaning of the name.
|ko      = 풍요로운 꿈의 껍데기
|ko_rm   = Pung'yoroun Kkum-ui Kkeopdegi
|ko_tl   = Husk of Opulent Dreams
|es      = Cáscara de Sueños Opulentos
|es_tl   = Husk of Opulent Dreams
|fr      = Coquille des rêves opulents
|fr_tl   = Shell of Opulent Dreams
|ru      = Кокон сладких грёз
|ru_tl   = Cocoon of Sweet Dreams
|th      = Husk of Opulent Dreams
|vi      = Giấc Mộng Phù Hoa
|vi_tl   = Dream of Opulence
|de      = Schale der üppigen Träume
|de_tl   = Husk of Opulent Dreams
|id      = Husk of Opulent Dreams
|pt      = Casca de Sonhos Opulentos
|pt_tl   = Shell of Opulent Dreams
|tr      = Bereketli Rüyaların Hatıraları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Guscio dei sogni opulenti
|it_tl   = Husk of Opulent Dreams
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Navbox}}

[[es:Cáscara de Sueños Opulentos]]
[[fr:Coquille des rêves opulents]]
[[ja:華館夢醒形骸記]]
[[pl:Łuska bogatych snów]]
[[pt-br:Casca de Sonhos Opulentos]]
[[ru:Кокон сладких грёз]]
[[th:Husk of Opulent Dreams]]
[[vi:Giấc Mộng Phù Hoa]]