{{Terminology Infobox
|image  = 
|type   = Lore
|region = Inazuma
}}
'''Hyakkiyakou''' is a gathering of the [[youkai]] that occurred a long time ago but is no longer conducted.<ref name="Yae4">{{Ref/CS|Yae Miko|4}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Centuries-Long Dream}}</ref> 

==Lore==
The Hyakkiyakou originated hundreds of years ago, in a time when Inazuma was filled with youkai. The [[Kitsune Saiguu]] would organize gatherings where everyone would drink and tell stories late into the night &mdash; an event that became known as the "hyakumonogatari daikai," or "great meeting of a hundred tales." It later became the "hyakkiyakou," or "night parade of a hundred demons," because when the partygoers got good and drunk, they would compete to see who could cover the night sky with their powers.<ref name="Yae4" /> In those days, there were so many youkai that their silhouettes would block out the moon.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Banquet of Parting}}</ref>

However, many youkai lost their lives in the [[Cataclysm]], and their bloodlines only grew thinner over time. By the present day, the Hyakkiyakou had not been held for centuries.

In {{Quest|The Great Narukami Offering}}, she reunites with one of her old friends, the kitsune [[Urakusai]]. His memories, along with those of other youkai, had leaked out of the [[Ley Line]]s after they were damaged during the events of ''[[Transient Dreams]]''. Urakusai tells Yae that, after all these years, he and the others wish they could attend one more Hyakkiyakou. To his delight, Yae informs him that she had already set the plans in motion. On the chosen night, Yae performs a convocation ritual to gather the wandering youkai memories, as they have become weak and are no longer able to fly. She, the [[Traveler]], and [[Paimon]] then recite an incantation, sending the spirits off with a heartfelt goodbye.

==Trivia==
* This event references the {{w|Hyakki Yagyō}} of Japanese folklore, the "Night Parade of One Hundred Demons" where ghosts and demons are said to parade through the streets at night.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Hyakkiyakou
|zhs     = 百鬼夜行
|zhs_rm  = Bǎiguǐ Yèxíng
|zht     = 百鬼夜行
|zht_rm  = Bǎiguǐ Yèxíng
|ja      = 百鬼夜行
|ja_rm   = Hyakkiyakou
|ko      = 백귀야행
|ko_rm   = Baekkkwiyahaeng
|es      = Los cien monstruos
|fr      = Hyakkiyakou
|ru      = Хякки якко
|th      = ขบวนร้อยอสูร
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Bách Quỷ Dạ Hành
|de      = Hyakkiyakou
|id      = Hyakkiyakou
|pt      = Hyakkiyakou
|tr      = Hyakkiyakou
|it      = Hyakkiyakou
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[ja:百鬼夜行]]