{{Event
|name              = Hyakunin Ikki Challenge Video Submission Event
|image             = Hyakunin Ikki Challenge Video Submission Event.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-09-02 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-09-13 23:59:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/contribution/57
}}

==Event Duration==
* September 2, 2021 00:00 – September 13, 2021 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Results: September 24

==How to Participate==
# Take part in the "[[Hyakunin Ikki]]" event and record a video where you have successfully completed the challenge.
# Click the "Post Video" button on the Event Details page to upload your work.
# Traveler participation is deemed successful once the two steps above are completed~

==Submission Criteria==
# The video recording must show the game UID and the video content must be related to the "Hyakunin Ikki" event, including but not limited to combat strategy, creative gameplay, etc. It is recommended that you post the video on YouTube with the tag #HyakuninIkki.
# Five works can be submitted per HoYoLAB account. Each submission can consist of up to one video.
# Works of the following nature will be regarded as invalid: those with content that violates our Community Rules, those that plagiarize or defraud the work of other creators, those with no relation to Genshin Impact or "Hyakunin Ikki", works that contain any form of advertising, and those which seek to spread malicious rumors or discredit the game or its characters.
# Travelers should participate in the event in accordance with the steps under How to Participate. In any of the following circumstances, participation will be deemed to be invalid:
## Submissions fall outside of the stipulated time period (UTC+8) or are posted outside of the Genshin Impact community (HoYoLAB).
## Entries are not posted on the submission event page.

==Event Rewards==
* Challenge Bundle (Primogems ×1,000, Slime Paradise-themed Merchandise Set (Umbrella + File Folder + Towel)) ×5
* Booster Bundle (Primogems ×500, Slime Paradise-themed Umbrella) ×10
* Lucky Bundle (Slime Paradise-themed Towel) ×20
* [[Version 2.1 Floating World Under the Moonlight Guide Contest]] has also begun, you can get up to 6,000 Primogems and a Merchandise Gift Bundle!

==Notes==
# Travelers, please pay attention to System Messages, as information of merchandise prize-winners will be sent out via such messages. We ask prize-winners to provide their shipping address according to the prompts stated in the system message. Prize-winners who have not provided their address within one month after the system message is sent will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Please go to Account Info > Redemption Information to fill in your Genshin Impact UID ahead of time. If winning Travelers have not filled in their UID after the results are announced, they will be deemed to have forfeited their Primogems reward.
# By participating in this event, users grant miHoYo the right to distribute the content of their submissions online or offline. The Genshin Impact team may publish some outstanding works on HoYoLAB from time to time, adding them to the featured posts and recommendations on the home page. Featured or recommended works are not related to event prizes. The issuance of rewards is based on the final evaluation results. The content creators retain the right to include their names in their submissions.

==Event FAQ==
Q1: Can PlayStation players participate in the event?<br>
A1: Yes, you can link your account according to the following announcement: https://www.hoyolab.com/article/533197

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}