'''Hyakunin Ikki''' is a recurring [[event]] in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

==Basic Gameplay==
Characters that are selected before starting the game will be divided into six teams of two, with each team being able to hold a maximum of two Garyuu Arts. Players can switch not only characters but also teams.

Every 10 seconds, players are allowed to use the Relay skill to switch teams. If one team stays on the field for too long, their combat ability will decrease drastically. Switching teams will clear most of the effects that the previous team left behind. Moreover, if all members of any one team fall, the challenge will fail.

When players switch teams and defeat opponents, they will gain stacks of Fervor. When Fervor builds up, players will increase the level of their Ferocious Fervor, which will provide bonuses in battle. If the player fails to accumulate Fervor often, the built up Ferocious Fervor from the battle will begin to dissipate.

During the challenge, players must defeat opponents that constantly emerge to obtain points within the allotted time. Of those opponents, Nemeses will provide more points. Once the challenge ends, you will gain different insignias based on the number of points you gained.

==History==
{{Event History Table}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hyakunin Ikki
|zhs     = 百人一揆
|zhs_rm  = Bǎi Rén Yī Kuí
|zht     = 百人一揆
|zht_rm  = Bǎi Rén Yī Kuí
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 百人一揆
|ja_rm   = Hyakunin Ikki
|ja_tl   = Hundred-Man Riot
|ko      = 백 명의 봉기
|ko_rm   = Baek Myeong-ui Bonggi
|ko_tl   = Uprising of Hundred People
|es      = El club del combate
|es_tl   = The Club of Combat
|fr      = Hyakunin Ikki
|ru      = Хякунин икки
|th      = ร้อยใจรวมเป็นหนึ่ง
|th_rm   = Roi Chai Ruam Pen Nueng
|th_tl   = Hundred Hearts Join as One
|vi      = Hyakunin Ikki
|de      = Hyakunin Ikki
|id      = Hyakunin Ikki
|pt      = Hyakunin Ikki
|tr      = Hyakunin Ikki
|it      = Hyakunin Ikki
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}
<noinclude>
[[Category:Recurring Events]]
[[es:El club del combate]]
[[fr:Hyakunin Ikki]]
[[ja:百人一揆]]
[[pt-br:Hyakunin Ikki]]
[[ru:Хякунин икки]]
[[vi:Hyakunin Ikki]]
</noinclude>