{{Character Infobox
|name             = Hydro Dragon
|image            = Character Neuvillette Game.png
|caption          = Reincarnated Hydro Dragon in human form as Neuvillette
|element          = Hydro
|type             = Mentioned
|affiliation      = Seven Sovereigns
|group            = Dragons
}}
The '''Hydro Dragon Sovereign''', or the '''Dragon of Water''', was the ruler of [[Vishap]]s with sovereignty over water and one of the [[Seven Sovereigns]]. 

After the Hydro Dragon died in the war against the Heavenly Principles, it reincarnated in human form as [[Neuvillette]].

==Story==
The Hydro Dragon was one of the Seven Sovereigns, dragon-lords who ruled over the seven nations of the old world.<ref name="Byakuyakoku2">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2|Before Sun and Moon}}</ref> According to Hydro [[Vishap]] legend, the Hydro Dragon was the "beating heart" that ruled over the [[Primordial Sea]].<ref>{{Ref/Item|Wings of Merciful, Wrathful Waters}}</ref> Alongside the other sovereigns, it went to war against the [[Heavenly Principles]] and was eventually defeated.<ref name="Byakuyakoku2" /> Sometime following its defeat, the Hydro Dragon withered away.<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Primordial Bathysmal Vishap}}</ref> The Heavenly Principles took a portion of each of the dragon sovereigns' power and bestowed it upon the [[archon]]s.<ref name="tread">{{Ref/Quest|Calamitous Tread}}</ref>

According to [[Cassiodor]], the Hydro Dragon couldn't be reborn while his divine counterpart [[Egeria]] remained in hibernation in the [[Primordial Sea|deep sea]]'''.'''<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Last Day of Remuria|quote = '''Monsieur Os''': Well, "fell dragon" was the name they gave, but it was no more than a Vishap that was a teensy bit stronger than normal. After all, no new Hydro Dragon could be born so long as the Mistress of Many Waters hibernated in the deep sea.}}</ref>

A prophecy in [[Enkanomiya]] claimed that a new Hydro Dragon will be born in human form as these dragon-lords require a "pure" vessel, and the [[Bathysmal Vishaps]], originally {{Hydro}}, had become "impure" when they evolved to harness the powers of {{Electro}} and {{Cryo}}.<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Bolteater Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|4|Bathysmal Vishap Experimental Records}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|5|In the Light, Beneath the Shadow}}</ref> This prophecy eventually came true, as the Hydro Dragon incarnated in the form of [[Neuvillette]], the Iudex of [[Fontaine]].

According to [[Freminet]], there is a legend that a Hydro Dragon once resided in [[Fontaine]], and it is said that every time it weeps, the skies will cloud up and pour out rain; if one would wish for the rain to stop, they should shout "Hydro Dragon, Hydro Dragon, don't cry!" to the sky<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The City of Rains and Remembrance}}</ref> This legend is true, as the skies have been shown to rain whenever Neuvillette experiences great grief. [[Focalors]] herself during her conversation with [[Neuvillette]] also told him "Hydro Dragon, Hydro Dragon, don't cry."<ref name="TONB">{{Ref/Quest|The Opera of Noirceur and Blancheur}}</ref>

Before the events of {{Quest|The Opera of Noirceur and Blancheur}} took place, none of the dragon sovereigns possessed the level of power they once had, including Neuvillette. As Neuvillette himself was reborn in a human form, he lost a large amount of his memories, such as being unable to remember his connection to the [[Primordial Sea]]. While he is able to push back the Primordial Sea's waters, he had less control over them than he would have had with his original powers. To restore his full dragonhood, Neuvillette would need the Archon to return their elemental Authority to him; however, he believed this solution to be unworkable, as it would require the death of the Hydro Archon.<ref name="tread" /> Unbeknownst to him, Focalors had put a plan into a motion to do just that, and she would later meet with Neuvillette and execute herself to return the Hydro Archon's authority to him. With that, [[Neuvillette]] regained his full powers along with his old memories, using them to make the Fontainians fully human and prevent the [[Prophecy of Fontaine|prophecy]] from dissolving them.<ref name="TONB" />

Upon Furina's abdication from the post of Hydro Archon, the affairs related with the title has been passed on to Neuvillette, with the duties of the Hydro Sovereign and the Iudex now coexisting within his person.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Finale}}</ref> Neuvillette has also decided to continue giving out [[Vision]]s, in recognition of human will.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Neuvillette|Vision}}</ref>

== Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Dragon of Water
|zhs      = 水之龙
|zhs_rm   = Shuǐ zhī Lóng
|zht      = 水之龍
|zht_rm   = Shuǐ zhī Lóng
|ja       = 水の龍
|ja_rm    = Mizu no Ryuu
|ko       = 물<->의 {{tt|용|龍}}
|es       = Dragón de Agua
|fr       = Dragon des eaux
|ru       = Гидро дракон
|th       = มังกรน้ำ
|th_rm    = 
|vi       = Thủy long
|de       = Wasserdrache
|id       = Naga laut
|pt       = Dragão da Água
|tr       = Kadim Su Ejderhası
|it       = Drago dell'acqua
}}

== Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Dragón de Agua]]
[[ja:水の龍]]