{{Element Infobox
|region       = Fontaine
|archon       = None
|archonNote   = divine throne destroyed
|archonRef    = <ref group="Note">The Hydro Archon's divine throne was destroyed along with Focalors during [[Chapter IV]]. As a result, there will be no further Hydro Archons. [[Neuvillette]] has taken up the affairs related with the title.</ref>
|status       = Wet
|oculus       = Hydroculus
|gem          = Varunada Lazurite
|reaction     = Electro, Cryo, Pyro, Anemo, Geo, Dendro
}}
'''{{Hydro}}''' is one of the seven [[Elements]].

Its associated [[Archon]] was [[Focalors]], whose domain was [[Fontaine]].

==Elemental Resonance==
Having at least two Hydro characters in a party of four results in the [[Elemental Resonance]]:
*'''Soothing Water:''' Affected by Pyro for 40% less time. Increases Max [[HP]] by 25%.

==Elemental Reactions==
{{Hydro}} has the following [[Elemental Reactions]]:

* {{Icon/Element|Electro}} '''[[Electro-Charged]]:''' Deals {{Color|Electro DMG}} and high [[Poise Damage]] over time to all nearby targets with the Wet status.
* {{Icon/Element|Cryo}} '''[[Frozen]]:''' Immobilizes the target and applies a {{Color|Freeze}} Aura.
** {{Icon/Element|Geo}}{{Element|Physical|link=Blunt Attack}} '''Shatter:''' If the Frozen target is hit by a [[Blunt Attack|Blunt]] or {{Geo}} attack, deals {{Color|Physical DMG}} and unfreezes the target.
* {{Icon/Element|Pyro}} '''[[Vaporize]]:''' Deals ×2 {{Color|Hydro DMG}} when a Hydro attack triggers the reaction.
* {{Icon/Element|Anemo}} '''[[Swirl]]:''' Deals single-target {{Color|Hydro DMG}} while spreading the Wet status to nearby enemies.
* {{Icon/Element|Geo}} '''[[Crystallize]]:''' Creates a Hydro shard. Picking it up creates a Hydro [[Shield]] around the character.
* {{Icon/Element|Dendro}} '''[[Bloom]]:''' Creates a Dendro Core that explodes after 6 seconds, dealing {{Color|Dendro DMG}}.
** {{Icon/Element|Electro}} '''Hyperbloom:''' Triggered when applying {{Electro}} to a Dendro Core. Transforms the Dendro Core into a homing Sprawling Shot that deals increased {{Color|Dendro DMG}} in a much smaller AoE.
** {{Icon/Element|Pyro}} '''Burgeon:''' Triggered when applying {{Pyro}} to a Dendro Core. Detonates the Dendro Core immediately, dealing increased {{Color|Dendro DMG}}.

==Wet Status==
{{Color|Wet}} itself does not have any special effects; it is simply considered the application of {{Hydro}}. However, being affected by {{Color|Wet}} allows Hydro Elemental Reactions to occur.

Any source of {{Color|Hydro DMG}} will apply {{Color|Wet}}. It will also be applied during [[Weather#Rain|rain]] and upon coming in contact with bodies of water.

===Wet Status to Self===
The following [[Talents]] apply the {{Color|Wet}} status to its user and/or the active character.
{{Talents by Category Table|Wet Status to Self Talents}}

==Hydro Characters==
===Playable Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Playable Characters&Hydro Characters|noelement=1}}

===Upcoming Characters===
{{Characters by Category Table|Upcoming Characters&Hydro Characters|noelement=1|nomodel=1}}

==Enemies==
{{Enemies by Category List|header=1}}

==Exploration==
Some environmental objects or obstacles are considered Hydro objects, and are capable of inflicting the Wet status:
*Any bodies of [[water]] (such as ponds, lakes, puddles, etc.)
*Rainy [[weather]]
*[[Hydro Amber]]

==Gallery==
{{Preview
|file=Status Wet
|caption=A character affected by Hydro, i.e., Wet
}}

==Trivia ==
===Etymology=== 
*The name Hydro comes from the prefix for words related to water, "{{wt|hydro-|hydro-|English}}," which derives from {{Lang|the Ancient Greek prefix for words related to water|grc=υδρο-|grc_rm=ydro-}} which in turn derives from {{Lang|the Ancient Greek word for water|grc=ὕδωρ|grc_rm=húdōr}}.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hydro
|zhs     = 水
|zhs_rm  = Shuǐ
|zht     = 水
|zht_rm  = Shuǐ
|zh_tl   = Water
|ja      = 水
|ja_rm   = Mizu
|ja_tl   = Water
|ko      = 물
|ko_tl   = Water
|es      = Hydro
|fr      = Hydro
|ru      = Гидро
|th      = น้ำ
|th_rm   = Nam
|th_tl   = Water
|vi      = {{tt|Thủy|水}}
|vi_tl   = Water
|de      = Hydro
|id      = Hydro
|pt      = Hydro
|tr      = Su
|tr_tl   = Water
|it      = Hydro
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Element Navbox}}

[[de:Hydro]]
[[fr:Hydro]]
[[id:Hydro]]
[[it:Hydro]]
[[ja:水]]
[[pl:Hydro]]
[[pt-br:Hydro]]
[[th:น้ำ]]
[[tr:Su]]
[[uk:Гідро]]
[[vi:Thủy]]
[[zh:水]]