{{About|the World Quest Series|the World Quest|Hyperion's Dirge (Quest)}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|image         = World Quest Hyperion's Dirge.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|worldQuestReq = [[From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku]]
}}
'''Hyperion's Dirge''' is a [[World Quest]] Series in [[Enkanomiya]]. It is obtained by talking to [[Aberaku]], who is located in [[The Serpent's Heart]], [[Enkanomiya]] after the completion of [[From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku]].

The player can start this quest series with any one of the four quests in this series.

==Quests==
The [[Hyperion's Dirge (Quest)]] can be started first to receive an optional introductory dialogue for this quest series. It is recommended to start with this quest first to add it to the quest menu.

The following three inquiry quests can be done in any order. The player can start all three of these quests at the same time without completing them; and as such, Aberaku can be in multiple locations on the Enkanomiya map at the same time.
* [[Narrow Inquiry]]
* [[Temple Inquiry]]
* [[Serpent's Heart Inquiry]]

Once the three inquiry quests are completed, the player can finally complete [[Hyperion's Dirge (Quest)]].

==Summary==
Along their travels in [[Enkanomiya]], the Traveler and Paimon come across a prideful [[Sinshade]] who theatrically introduces himself as "Aberaku, Helios-Forger!" Paimon, confused as to what he's talking about, asks him about the "[[Helios]]" to which he clarifies it is the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]], the solar chariot that drives the Hyperion. But he says even though he was the creator of the Dainichi Mikoshi, he was imprisoned and his soul was shattered across the land of Byakuyakoku. He asks the Traveler to find the three fragments of his soul in [[The Narrows]], the [[Evernight Temple]], and the [[The Serpent's Heart]] such that he can find rest.

----
At The Narrows, the Traveler encounters Aberaku once again who speaks of how his creation brought joy to the people and saved the nation from the [[Bathysmal Vishaps]] and wonders why his soul is unable to find rest. He then remembers his soul has been scattered and that his bones are enshrined here at The Narrows and tells the Traveler they must fight monsters who keep this soul fragment entrapped. After overcoming this trial, the Traveler recovers [[Offerings of The Narrows|the bones]] and moves on to the other locations.

Heading to the [[Evernight Temple]], the Traveler once again encounters a remnant of Aberaku who still proudly introduces himself as "Helios-Forger!" This time he speaks of how he was imprisoned on orders of a [[Sunchildren|child]] but harbors no hate for them for they were only puppets. He reveals he was imprisoned in a very high up place that was "dark, lightless, and cold as ice itself." After his death, his clothes and body were enshrined in various places to recognize his contribution in creating the Helios, but this also had the effect of causing his soul to be separated and rendered unable to rest. The Traveler overcomes a trial to recover Aberaku's [[Offerings of the Temple|sacred crown]].

At the final location in [[The Serpent's Heart]], Aberaku speaks of how he was betrayed and left in jail to rot after the creation of the Helios. The traveler defeats the monsters that were entrapping his [[Offerings of the Serpent's Heart|sacred robes]], one of the fragments of his soul.

----
Returning to Aberaku with all the fragments in hand, his soul becomes whole again and he becomes able to recall everything. He then tells the Traveler his story of how Byakuyakoku was terrorized by the [[Dragonheirs of the Depths]] and how the light of the Dainichi Mikoshi repelled the Dragonheirs. But once Byakuyakoku knew peace, the nobles became greedy and seized power by leading the people to worship the Dainichi Mikoshi and they proclaim the rule of the Sunchild, puppet rulers, over the land. Aberaku wanted to oppose this rule and was accused of high treason by the Sun Children and imprisoned. Paimon wonders that the Sunchildren should eventually realize that they were being manipulated to which Aberaku confirms that, in order to prevent this, the Sunchildren would be incinerated in a ceremony once they reached a certain age. Finally, as thanks for reuniting his soul, Aberaku hands the Traveler the [[Divine Bridle]], a badge of the Sunchild's office.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Hyperion's Dirge
|zhs     = 许伯利翁哀歌
|zhs_rm  = Xǔbólìwēng Āigē
|zht     = 許伯利翁哀歌
|zht_rm  = Xǔbólìwēng Āigē
|zh_tl   = Hyperion's Dirge
|ja      = ハイペリオン哀歌
|ja_rm   = Haiperion Aika
|ja_tl   = Hyperion's Dirge
|ko      = 히페리온의 애가
|ko_rm   = Hiperi'on-ui Aega
|ko_tl   = Lamentation of Hyperion
|es      = El lamento de Hiperión
|es_tl   = Hyperion's Lament 
|fr      = Le chant funèbre d'Hypérion
|fr_tl   = Hyperion's Dirge
|ru      = Скорбная песнь Гипериона
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = บทไว้อาลัยแห่ง Hyperion
|th_rm   = Bot Wai Alai haeng Hyperion
|th_tl   = Hyperion's Dirge
|vi      = Khúc {{tt|Bi Ca|悲歌}} Của Hyperion
|vi_tl   = Hyperion's Dirge
|de      = Hyperions Klagelied
|de_tl   = Hyperion's Dirge
|id      = Nyanyian Duka Hyperion
|id_tl   = Hyperion's Dirge
|pt      = Canto Fúnebre de Hyperion
|pt_tl   = Hyperion's Dirge
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}