{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72670
|image         = Event Quest I Researcher.png
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|event_name    = Energy Amplifier/2021-12-24
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20
|startLocation = [[Dihua Marsh]], [[Liyue]]
|mora          = 20,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
* Unlocks the [[Energy Amplifier/2021-12-24|Energy Amplifier Fruition]] event.
|characters    = Hosseini; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''I, Researcher''' is an [[Event Quest]] that unlocks the [[Energy Amplifier/2021-12-24|Energy Amplifier Fruition]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Hosseini]]
# Clear the three camps west of [[Wangshu Inn]]
# Report back to Hosseini

==Notes==
* [[Co-Op Mode]] is disabled when the Traveler needs to clear the three camps.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You meet [[Hosseini]] once more as the researcher makes his way back to Sumeru from Inazuma...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Hosseini:''' *cough*...
:{{DIcon}} Hello there.
:'''Hosseini:''' Why hello! Someone suitable's arrived at last, I suppose... *cough*
:'''Hosseini:''' And it's someone I know, too! Well, that's my worries about insufficient samples gone out the window!
:'''Hosseini:''' I've been waiting this whole time, and if it isn't old folks, it's children... That's simply insufficient...
:{{DIcon}} ...I'm sorry, who are you again?
::'''Hosseini:''' Eh? You've forgotten me already?
::'''Hosseini:''' Oh, come on, I'm not some kind of nefarious villain, there's no need to pretend that we're not familiar or anything.
:{{DIcon}} What are you planning to do!?
:: '''Hosseini:''' Oh, come on! Do I look like some mad scientist who grabs passersby to use for human experimentation? There's no need to take that cautious tone with me...
:'''Hosseini:''' I mean, look, it's me! We met on Ritou, remember? *cough*
:{{DIcon}} You still seem shady to me...
:'''Hosseini:''' Ugh, alright, maybe you did forget me. *sigh* Alright, let me introduce myself again.
:'''Hosseini:''' I'm Hosseini, a scholar from the Sumeru Akademiya. After a great many tribulations, I finally reached Inazuma to conduct research there.
:'''Hosseini:''' Unfortunately, doing research on those islands was just too restrictive.
:'''Hosseini:''' I did not leave empty-handed, of course, but considering all the trouble I went through, I have to say that it doesn't quite feel worth it in the end.
:'''Hosseini:''' With few research funds remaining, I had to return to Sumeru via Liyue, but I did hope to rescue the situation during my travels...
:'''Hosseini:''' And so I thought &mdash; why not return to the topic of the Energy Amplifier, my efforts in which the Akademiya had acknowledged prior?
:'''Hosseini:''' Now, I'm not sure if you remember that whole affair...
:'''Hosseini:''' But the Energy Amplifier is a precious ancient artifact that can use the ubiquitous ley lines to strengthen its user.
:'''Hosseini:''' *cough* This research is still in its preliminary stages, and my previous report on it was only equivalent to a preface on the topic.
:'''Hosseini:''' Much work remains to be done if we are to understand the workings of the Energy Amplifier in their entirety.
:'''Hosseini:''' As such, I have been asking for volunteers and inviting them to use the Amplifier to obtain new data to support my research.
:'''Hosseini:''' So I'm not... *cough* Not some kind of suspicious character. Please do not misunderstand.
:{{DIcon}} Ah, I see.
:'''Hosseini:''' Exactly. *cough* So, Traveler, if I might ask, would you be willing to be my volunteer and help to trial the Energy Amplifier?
:{{DIcon}} Sure, I guess.
:'''Hosseini:''' Then allow me to express my thanks for your willingness thus far to make sacrifices in pursuit of ever-greater wisdom.
:'''Hosseini:''' However, before I give the Energy Amplifier into your keeping, could we do a little warmup first?
:'''Hosseini:''' It is proper procedure to first ascertain if the volunteer can defend themselves... *cough* No responsible academic study should play around with the lives of its volunteers, after all.
:'''Hosseini:''' Once you are ready, head to the designated locations and clear out the monster encampments there.
:'''Hosseini:''' I will wait for your return. Do remember to stay safe.
----
;(After clearing all three places of interest)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, wasn't that all fun and breezy? Let's go look for Hosseini and ease his mind a little, shall we?

;(Talk to Hosseini)
:'''Hosseini:''' Ah, you've returned.
:{{DIcon}} And without a scratch, too!
:'''Hosseini:''' Haha. *cough* Well, I suppose I worried over-much. You are very strong indeed — I shall have no fear in leaving the Energy Amplifier to you.
:'''Hosseini:''' Its operation is very elementary &mdash; I trust you will understand it with a single glance.
:'''Hosseini:''' However, do note that this is an authentic ancient relic. You will land me in no small amount of hot water should you lose it or break it.
:'''Hosseini:''' As such, take your time to get used to it first before using it in tests.
:(Open Energy Ampifier UI)
:'''Hosseini:''' How are things going? Is the Energy Amplifier proving easy to use?
:{{DIcon}} It's not too complicated.
::'''Hosseini:''' Indeed. Compared to some of the instruments we use at the Akademiya, the Energy Amplifier certainly is a simpler tool.
:{{DIcon}} There are still some things I don't get.
::'''Hosseini:''' Well, that's normal. Don't worry, as a non-professional user, you only need to grasp its basic operations.
:'''Hosseini:''' At your level, larger-scale tests should be no problem at all.
:'''Hosseini:''' I've heard passing adventurers mention that they've discovered some strange new Domain of late.
:'''Hosseini:''' No one has ever traversed this terrain before, and it is teeming with monsters that are stronger than the ones you see wandering about in the wilds.
:'''Hosseini:''' I reckon that if you use that for your testing site, we might be able to obtain better data.
:'''Hosseini:''' I mean, your previous performances... *cough* I must say that they've been very impressive indeed. In fact, it is the data recorded by the Energy Amplifier that has been the limiting reactant here.
:'''Hosseini:''' I reckon that even this domain shall not prove too difficult for you.
:{{DIcon}} That's a given.
:'''Hosseini:''' You know, I wouldn't have believed a word of it if someone else had told me that, but on the other hand, I have full faith that you'll be fine... *cough*
:'''Hosseini:''' Well then, allow me to mark the location of this domain for you on your map. Happy testing!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = I, Researcher
|zhs     = 我，游学者
|zhs_rm  = Wǒ, Yóuxuězhě
|zht     = 我，遊學者
|zht_rm  = Wǒ, Yóuxuězhě
|zh_tl   = I, Wandering Scholar
|ja      = 我、遊学者
|ja_rm   = Ware, Yuugakusha
|ja_tl   = I, Wandering Scholar
|ko      = 나, 떠돌이 학자
|ko_rm   = Na, Tteodori Hakjja
|ko_tl   = I, Wandering Scholar
|es      = Yo, erudito itinerante
|es_tl   = I, Traveling Scholar
|fr      = Moi, érudit itinérant
|fr_tl   = I, Traveling Scholar
|ru      = Я, исследователь
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ฉัน นักวิชาการ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tôi, Một Học Giả Thực Địa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Ich, der reisende Gelehrter
|de_tl   = I, the Traveling Scholar
|id      = Aku, Si Pelajar Keliling
|id_tl   = I, The Traveling Scholar
|pt      = Eu, Erudito Andarilho
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}
[[pt-br:Eu, Erudito Andarilho]]