{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Iansan
|id             = 368196
|image          = Iansan Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1600
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Iansan''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Strength training...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Endurance training...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Healthy meals...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Drink your water before resuming your training...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} How do you do...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I'd like to take a look around...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo iansan mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Hello there. So this is where you live...
:{{A|vo iansan mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Mind if I take a quick stroll around? You know me &mdash; I like to keep moving.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' I like it a lot. The air here is crisp and fresh, which is good for both body and mind.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Although, I didn't see a dedicated training area... Want me to help you set up a gym? I can plan it out and get the equipment for you.
::{{DIcon}} Sure.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Alright, then I have some thinking to do.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' First, we should tackle the equipment, and this is where it's important to take a lot of care. You wouldn't believe how many injuries start with poor equipment choice.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Oh, how about this? Give me some time, and I'll ask a friend to make you a custom set.
::{{DIcon}} Eh, adventuring keeps me in good enough shape.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Very fair... Everyone has different approaches to physical fitness.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Some people prefer the great outdoors to a gym. For a traveler like you, hiking and running from place to place are great kinds of exercise.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Hmm...
::{{DIcon}} What's wrong? Are you worried about something?
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Ah... Sorry. I was just thinking about the curriculum for my next batch of students.
::{{DIcon}} Curriculum?
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Yeah, their training curriculum.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Physical fitness is {{sic|big thing|expected=a big thing}} in the [[Collective of Plenty]]. As the head coach of Fitness Club, I'm in charge of the newcomers.
::{{DIcon}} You can't just reuse the curriculum from previous years?
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Ah, you think the same exercises work for everyone? That's what most people think when they start out.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Let me ask you this... What do you think is the most important thing when it comes to fitness?
::{{DIcon}} Exercise.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 07a 1.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Let's use that as an example, then. A lot of people think all exercises are created equal &mdash; as long as you're doing something to keep active, you'll achieve your fitness goals.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 07a 2.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' But in reality, everyone starts from a different baseline. So, I design regimens that account for different circumstances.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 07a 3.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' If a student is on the heavier side, I usually ease them into cardio exercises like running to lower their body weight.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 07a 4.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' If a student is very lean, I usually start them off with resistance training to build muscle.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 07a 5.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Lumping everyone into the same regimen is just asking for injuries.
::{{DIcon}} Nutrition.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 07b 1.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Now, that's a whole other can of worms. But, at the most basic level, nutrition plans need to be tailored from student to student, as well.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 07b 2.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' For some students, it's about gaining weight &mdash; eating enough calories to keep up with the physical demands of training. That's something I always try to impart on my students &mdash; the number on the scale is not a measure of fitness.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 07b 3.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' For those who are at a good fitness level, it's all about balance. A lack of diligence about what you put in your body is a sure fire way to ruin all your progress.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 07b 4.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' So, I usually design customized nutrition plans for every student.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 07b 5.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' As a result, a new batch of students means designing tailored curriculum to meet their needs.
::{{DIcon}} Wow, being a fitness coach sounds like a lot of work...
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Well, when you like what you do, it's not work at all!
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' My [[Ancient Name]] means "strength." So, it feels really connected to my profession. Training is a means to gain strength, but you only get out what you put in. There are no shortcuts.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' With every student I teach, I gain a deeper understanding of my Ancient Name.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' By the way, do you have any fitness goals of your own? I can craft a training plan for you.
::{{DIcon}} I think I'm good.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 12a.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' But, fitness is a journey, not a destination. You have a great foundation, which is never a bad thing, but don't get complacent, or it might not stay that way!
::{{DIcon}} Please take me on, Coach.
:::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship2 12b.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Haha, welcome to the club. As far as the training plan goes... let's start with the nutrition side of things. It's the biggest hurdle for a lot of my students.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' I like to meditate sometimes! I learned it from the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]]. It's a nice mental work-out.
::{{DIcon}} Is that considered a part of fitness training, too?
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Hmm... The best answer to that... is a story.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Many, many years ago, there lived a great warrior in the Collective of Plenty. He loved to train, and loved showing off his strength even more.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' He started with weightlifting competitions. Then, he progressed to wrestling [[tatankasaur]]s, and finally, he challenged a [[Long-Necked Rhino]].
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' To everyone's surprise, he bested every challenge.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' People recognized him as the strongest warrior in Natlan, but he still wasn't satisfied. So, he came up with a crazy plan.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Pushing a giant boulder up the [[Great Volcano of Tollan|sacred volcano]] and using it to seal off the crater... proving him capable of besting the might of Tollan in the process.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' He stopped at nothing to accomplish his goal, including ingesting dangerous medications.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Finally, he made an attempt, and began pushing a mountain-sized boulder up the slope of the volcano.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' But, just as he made it half-way, the volcano erupted. He lost his footing, and the boulder fell and crushed him to death.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Ironically, only a boulder of such enormous size could have bested him. Similarly, only a man of his strength could have placed himself in such a precarious position.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' In the end, it was his own desire to prove his strength that led to his downfall.
::{{DIcon}} Wow, I never knew...
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' So, training isn't just about getting stronger. It's about control and discipline.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' That's why the mental side of training is so important. It means you're not a slave to your own power.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like you're a master in that area, too.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' ...Actually, compared to the newcomers, it's harder for me to keep that desire in check sometimes.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 16.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' There was a time when I really liked pushing my limits. I always wanted to do that one extra push-up or bench press, and every time I got a personal best, I was ecstatic...
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 17.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Now that I look back on it, I feel like that was my own boulder and volcano.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 18.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' So, as a friend, I have a favor to ask &mdash; if I ever succumb to that mindless drive again, pull me back, okay?
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 19.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' I know you have what it takes.
::{{DIcon}} You have my word.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo friendship3 20.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Thank you. Then, let's close our eyes and meditate together. Oh, and don't try to fake it, okay? I can always tell.

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Iansan.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Morning! Don't forget to eat breakfast &mdash; it's important for maintaining nutritional balance throughout the day.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Iansan.
::{{A|vo iansan mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Good night. Going to bed early is a good habit to get into. That way, you can start your day off early as well!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Born Among Searing Flames===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt iansan natlanforge 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Now that I think about it, blacksmithing is a great workout.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt iansan natlanforge 02.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' I've visited [[Xilonen]]'s workshop a bunch of times whenever I need to commission some custom equipment... Always wanted to try my hand at hammering something, but she never let me.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt iansan natlanforge 03.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' But since you have a whole setup here... Would it be alright if I used it? That way, I can try out any new ideas I have as soon as they pop into my head.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Gallant March of the Collective of Plenty===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt iansan collectiveofplenty 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Thank you for installing all this furniture. It makes me feel like I'm right back home. Although, it'll still take me some time to adjust to not having the view of the [[Great Volcano of Tollan|Sacred Mountain]] on the other side of the roof...
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt iansan collectiveofplenty 02.ogg}}'''Iansan:''' Come visit me at the Collective of Plenty sometime. I'll be your host.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt iansan collectiveofplenty 03.ogg}}'''Iansan:''' Sure, it's good to have a cozy place to call home, but there's more to life than being cozy. The real meaning is in the journey.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[fr:Iansan/Sérénithéière]]
[[ru:Иансан/Компаньон]]