{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Icebreaker's Resolve.png
|set   = Blizzard Strayer
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|A feather that exudes a chilly aura. One can almost feel the turbulent winds that brought it here, wailing over snow-covered plains and between frosty peaks.}}
'''Icebreaker's Resolve''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Blizzard Strayer]].

==Description==
A feather of a bird of prey that did not originally belong in the winter chill. It is cold to the touch.<br />And when you do touch it, it is as if you can hear cries in the snowstorm, unbowed but bereft of hope.

With no nest or shelter, the bird faced the storms proudly.<br />This feather has been assailed with coalescing ice and snow, leaving it coated in pearls of frost.

It once came from a falcon in flight and was plucked violently from that bird by the frigid winds.<br />It drifted a while in the air before the weight of the frost dragged it back down to the ground.

"I believe that the lively birds will follow you, and return to the gardens of the summer palace, now green once more."<br />"Those who have been chased away by the chilling tide, and those children who have lost their homes, they will return with you to the home of their dreams."

The hero, bearing such great burdens on his back, halted in the whipping snow, struggling to discern the color of that feather.<br />Sealed in ice, that feather's color faded every step of the way — just like the hero's task.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Icebreaker's Resolve
|zhs     = 摧冰而行的执望
|zhs_rm  = Cuībīng Ér Xíng de Zhíwàng
|zht     = 摧冰而行的執望
|zht_rm  = Cuībīng Ér Xíng de Zhíwàng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 氷を砕く執念
|ja_rm   = Koori wo Kudaku Shuunetsu
|ja_tl   = Ice-Breaking Tenacity
|ko      = 얼음을 깨며 나아가는 집념
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Obstinación Perforahielos
|es_tl   = Icebreaking Obstinacy
|fr      = Résolution du Briseur de glace
|fr_tl   = Resolution of the Ice Breaker
|ru      = Решимость крушителя льда
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Icebreaker's Resolve
|vi      = Chấp Niệm Phá Băng Mà Tiến Bước
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Resolution des Schneestapfers
|de_tl   = Resolution of the Snowstumper
|id      = Icebreaker's Resolve
|pt      = Determinação do Quebrador de Gelo
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Blizzard Strayer}}