{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Ichor Shower Rhapsody.png
|set   = Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|A rhyton fired with copper as the base, that was once filled with fine wine from paradise.}}
'''Ichor Shower Rhapsody''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy]].

==Description==
It was the age when the Legion Athanatoi stood at the ready, and wild poetry was sung upon the High Sea.<br><!--
-->The glorious [[Remus|king]] established the [[Remuria|golden imperial capital]] and stood astride the world as the Sebastos.<br><br><!--
-->Wheresoever his great ships sailed, all polises bowed to his supreme authority,<br><!--
-->Wheresoever the notes were sounded, the symphony of civilization supplanted savage songs.<br><!--
-->All this to bring about justice and salvation,<br><!--
-->All this the final delusion of the Sebastos, who could not bring himself to abandon the people.<br><br><!--
-->"Your Empire shall fall amidst the roaring waves, for what fate has decreed cannot be changed."<br><!--
-->"The hidden threads yet bind them, pulling them like puppets towards a torturously tragic end."<br><br><!--
-->But the [[Sybilla|prophet]]'s fell proclamation left the Sebastos not in despair, but rather ignited in him wild fantasies.<br><!--
-->He locked himself in the depths of his imperial palace, searching for a flaw in the Master of Fortuna's Musica Mundana.<br><!--
-->After countless days and innumerable nights, through the chords of the world, Remus grasped the mysteries of [[Fortuna]].<br><!--
-->He read every note of fate, and all he lacked was a pen with which to compose his own symphony.<br><br><!--
-->Thus did the Sebastos resolve to appeal to Sybilla, for she came from the land of the dead, and the torrents of fate once coursed through her veins.<br><!--
-->Despite the extremity of his demands, the self-less prophet responded to his wishes as she always did, without even the slightest hesitation.<br><br><!--
-->The harmonious symphony played from the throne would break the fetters fate had shackled the people with, painting for them new paths and writing new melodies for them.<br><!--
-->Beneath the golden dome, pure and holy Ichor spilled forth along auric aqueducts, and the tremors within the golden palace would spread to every corner of the empire.<br><!--
-->And in the wildest fantasies of the Sebastos, at the grand finale of the harmonious opera, he would hand fate's baton into humanity's own hands.<br><!--
-->When that day came, rich or poor, sage or savage, every free person would control their own destinies.<br><br><!--
-->Amidst the rising, raging waves, the blinded king rushed towards an unknown end, for in Sybilla's eyes, there was already no future...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Ichor Shower Rhapsody
|zhs      = 灵露倾洒的狂诗
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 靈露傾灑的狂詩
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 降り注ぐイコルの狂詩
|ja_rm    = Furisosogu Ikoru no Kyoushi
|ja_tl    = Poem of Downpouring Ichor
|ko       = 영혼 이슬의 광시곡
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Rapsodia del Icor Derramado
|es_tl    = Rhapsody of Spilled Ichor
|fr       = Rhapsodie de l'ichor déversé
|fr_tl    = Rhapsody of Spilled Ichor
|ru       = Неистовая рапсодия ихора
|ru_tl    = Furious Rhapsody of Ichor
|th       = Ichor Shower Rhapsody
|vi       = Áng Thơ Của Linh Lộ
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Rhapsodie des sprudelnden Ichors
|de_tl    = Gushing Ichor's Rhapsody
|id       = Ichor Shower Rhapsody
|pt       = Rapsódia da Chuva de Icor
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = İkhor Yağmuru Rapsodisi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Rapsodia di pioggia dell'Icore
|it_tl    = Ichor Rain Rhapsody
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Fragment of Harmonic Whimsy}}

[[fr:Rhapsodie de l'ichor déversé]]
[[ja:降り注ぐイコルの狂詩]]
[[tr:İkhor Yağmuru Rapsodisi]]
[[vi:Áng Thơ Của Linh Lộ]]
[[zh:靈露傾灑的狂詩]]