{{Talent Infobox
|image         = Talent Icy Paws.png
|character     = Diona
|type          = Elemental Skill
|info          = Fires an Icy Paw that deals {{Color|Cryo DMG}} to opponents and forms a shield on hit.<br />The shield's DMG Absorption scales based on Diona's Max HP, and its duration scales off the number of Icy Paws that hit their target.<br /><br />'''Press'''<br />Rapidly fires off 2 Icy Paws.<br /><br />'''Hold'''<br />Dashes back quickly before firing five Icy Paws.<br />The shield created by a Hold attack will gain a 75% DMG Absorption Bonus.<br /><br />The shield has a 250% {{Color|Cryo DMG}} Absorption Bonus, and will cause your active character to become affected by {{Cryo}} at the point of formation for a short duration.
|energyGen     = Each Icy Paw which hits an opponent generates approximately '''0.8''' Elemental Particles.
|particles     = 0.8×2
|particlesHold = 0.8×5
|scale_att1    = HP
|scale_att2    = ATK
|utility1      = Shield
|utility2      = Shield Improvement
|utility3      = Frozen Status to Self
|CD            = 6s
|CDHold        = 15s
|attr1         = Icy Paw DMG
|value1        = 41.9–89.1% per paw
|attr2         = Base Shield DMG Absorption
|value2        = 7.2–15.3% Max HP+693–1905
}}
{{Description|When she first started bartending, Diona found that no matter how much ice she put in her cocktails, it would never do a drunkard any harm. That all changed when she received her [[Vision]] &mdash; now she can form ice cold enough to cause severe brainfreeze. Five out of five stars!}}
'''Icy Paws''' is [[Diona]]'s [[Elemental Skill]].

==Gameplay Notes==
* {{TalentNote|particles|an Icy Paw|~0.8}}
** On average, when all Icy Paws hit an opponent, they generate '''1.6''' Elemental Particles on press, and '''4''' Elemental Particles on hold.0
* {{TalentNote|icd|Icy Paw DMG}}
* Icy Paws home in on targets. They may not all home in on the same targets. Targets include but are not limited to enemies, wildlife, pets, torches, and [[Berries]].
* Using this talent will inflict the {{Color|Cryo|Frozen}} status on the character for 0.1s when the shield is created.
** This status has the same icon as the {{Cryo}} status, can trigger most {{Cryo}}-related [[Elemental Reaction]]s, remove elemental statuses from the character, as well as act as a source for {{Cryo}} [[Elemental Absorption]]s. However, it does not interact with the {{Color|Wet}} status, nor will it freeze the player in place like its name implies.
* Diona's shield duration depends on the number of Icy Paws that hit their target. However, Icy Paws does not need to have to hit enemies in order to have hit a "target"; surfaces and other obstacles are regarded as a "target" too.<ref name="shield testing">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/ozq3ijjezYw Diona shield testing (2.4s duration per paw)]</ref>
* Total Shield DMG Absorption can be calculated using the formula below.<ref name="NGA1">NGA: [https://bbs.nga.cn/read.php?tid=24147117 <nowiki>[数据讨论]</nowiki> 关于护盾强效的测试]</ref>
:<math>\text{Total Shield Absorption} =  \text{Base Shield Absorption}</math><math> \times (1 + 0.75 \text{ when hold}) \times \text{Shields Effectiveness} \times</math><math> (1 + 1.5 \text{ against Cryo DM}) \times (1 + 0.15 \text{ at Constellation 2})</math>
<!--<pre>Total Shield DMG Absorption = Base Shield DMG Absorption × Cryo DMG Absorption Bonus% × (1 + Holding Attack DMG Absorption Bonus%) × (1 + Constellation 2 DMG Absorption Bonus%) × (1 + Powerful Shield%)</pre>-->
<!-- <math>AB_{Total} = AB_{Base} \times AB_{Cryo Bonus}\% \times \left ( 1 + AB_{Hold Bonus}\% \right ) \times \left ( 1 + AB_{C2 Bonus}\% \right ) \times \left (1 + \mathrm{Powerful Shield}\% \right )</math> -->
* For example, a Constellation Lv. 2 [[Diona]] has 23,577 Total HP, 0% Bonus Shield Effectiveness and Level 6 Icy Paws. She can create '''23,577 × 0.101 + 1,097 ≈ 3,478''' Base Shield DMG Absorption.<br />When Holding Elemental Skill, she can create '''3,478 × 2.5 × (1 + 0.75) × (1 + 0.15) ≈ 17,500''' for {{Color|Cryo DMG}}.
* In both Solo mode and Co-Op mode, Shield Effectiveness is a dynamic value for Total Shield DMG Absorption: it depends of the active character, not from the character who creates the shield.<ref name="NGA1" />
** Picture a scenario where a Constellation Lv. 2 [[Diona]] can create a '''3,478''' Base Shield with 35% Bonus Shields Effectiveness. In solo mode, when Diona creates a shield, Diona will get '''3,478 × 2.5 × (1 + 0.75) × (1 + 0.15) × (1 + 0.35) ≈ 23,625''' Shield DMG Absorption for {{Color|Cryo DMG}}. In case Diona's Bonus Shields Effectiveness is 0%, she will only get '''3,478 × 2.5 × (1 + 0.75) × (1 + 0.15) ≈ 17,500''' Shield DMG Absorption for {{Color|Cryo DMG}}.
* {{TalentNote|character=Diona|talent=Icy Paws|ascension|1|Cat's Tail Secret Menu}}

;<big>Constellation Effects</big>
* {{TalentNote|constellation|2|Shaken, Not Purred}}
* {{TalentNote|constellation|5|Double Shot, on the Rocks}}

==Preview==
{{Preview
|file1=Icy Paws Press Preview
|caption1=Press

|file2=Icy Paws Hold Preview
|caption2=Hold
}}
{{clr}}

==Attribute Scaling==
{{Talent Scaling
|talentType=Elemental Skill
|levels=14
|order=icypawdmg,baseshielddmgabsorption,duration,presscd,holdingcd
|titles=Icy Paw DMG (%),Base Shield DMG Absorption,Duration,Press CD,Holding CD
|icypawdmg_1=41.92 per Paw
|icypawdmg_2=45.06 per Paw
|icypawdmg_3=48.21 per Paw
|icypawdmg_4=52.4 per Paw
|icypawdmg_5=55.54 per Paw
|icypawdmg_6=58.69 per Paw
|icypawdmg_7=62.88 per Paw
|icypawdmg_8=67.07 per Paw
|icypawdmg_9=71.26 per Paw
|icypawdmg_10=75.46 per Paw
|icypawdmg_11=79.65 per Paw
|icypawdmg_12=83.84 per Paw
|icypawdmg_13=89.08 per Paw
|icypawdmg_14=94.3 per Paw
|baseshielddmgabsorption_1=7.2% Max HP+692.8
|baseshielddmgabsorption_2=7.74% Max HP+762
|baseshielddmgabsorption_3=8.28% Max HP+837.16
|baseshielddmgabsorption_4=9% Max HP+918
|baseshielddmgabsorption_5=9.54% Max HP+1004
|baseshielddmgabsorption_6=10.08% Max HP+1096
|baseshielddmgabsorption_7=10.8% Max HP+1195
|baseshielddmgabsorption_8=11.52% Max HP+1299
|baseshielddmgabsorption_9=12.24% Max HP+1408
|baseshielddmgabsorption_10=12.96% Max HP+1524
|baseshielddmgabsorption_11=13.68% Max HP+1645
|baseshielddmgabsorption_12=14.4% Max HP+1772
|baseshielddmgabsorption_13=15.3% Max HP+1905
|baseshielddmgabsorption_14=16.2% Max HP+2044
|duration_1=1.8s per Paw
|duration_2=1.9s per Paw
|duration_3=2s per Paw
|duration_4=2.1s per Paw
|duration_5=2.2s per Paw
|duration_6=2.3s per Paw
|duration_7=2.4s per Paw
|duration_8=2.4s per Paw
|duration_9=2.4s per Paw
|duration_10=2.4s per Paw
|duration_11=2.4s per Paw
|duration_12=2.4s per Paw
|duration_13=2.4s per Paw
|duration_14=2.4s per Paw
|presscd=6s
|holdingcd=15s
}}

==Talent Leveling==
{{Talent Upgrade|Diona}}

==Voice-Overs==
{{Talent VO}}

==Trivia==
*{{TalentNote|clap}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Icy Paws
|zhs     = 猫爪冻冻
|zhs_rm  = Māo zhǎo dòngdong
|zht     = 貓爪凍凍
|zht_rm  = Māo zhǎo dòngdong
|zh_tl   = Frozen Cat's Claw
|ja      = フリーズキャッツクロー
|ja_rm   = Furiizu kyattsu kuroo
|ja_tl   = Frozen Cat's Claw
|ko      = 꽁꽁젤리
|ko_rm   = Kkongkkongjelli
|ko_tl   = Freezing Jelly
|ko_note = In Korea, Koreans call the Cat's paw pad cutely and call it 냥젤리(Nyangjelly).
|es      = Zarpazo helado
|es_tl   = Frozen Claw
|fr      = Griffes Cryo
|fr_tl   = Cryo Claws
|ru      = Морозные коготочки
|ru_tl   = Frosty Claws
|th      = Icy Paws
|vi      = Móng Mèo Lạnh Giá
|vi_tl   = Cold Cat Claws
|de      = Eistatzen
|de_tl   = Icy Paws
|id      = Icy Paws
|pt      = Garra de Gato Gelada
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Navbox|Diona}}

[[es:Zarpazo helado]]
[[pt-br:Garra de Gato Gelada]]
[[ru:Морозные коготочки]]
[[th:Icy Paws]]