{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71655
|type          = World
|summary       = 
|startLocation = [[Serenitea Pot]]
|mora          = 20,000
|other         = {{Card|Realm Dispatch|1}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|characters    = Tubby; Traveler
}}
'''Idle Teapot Talk''' is a [[World Quest]] that unlocks the Companion Move-In feature for the Serenitea Pot.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Tubby, the teapot spirit in your Serenitea Pot, seems to have something to say to you...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Tubby:''' Ah, you arrived quickly. Good, good.
:{{DIcon}} What's up?
:{{DIcon}} You're not going to ask me for help with something again, are you...
::'''Tubby:''' Hmm? No, of course not. Why was that your first reaction...?
:'''Tubby:''' I asked you to come here so I could give you a little gift.
:'''Tubby:''' I do not know if I told you before, but these abodes are private spaces created by the adepti for themselves.
:'''Tubby:''' Most adepti will use certain methods to seal their abode away from the rest of the world to ensure its purity and avoid being disturbed.
:'''Tubby:''' Afterward, adepti would create a "Realm Dispatch" for those they wished to invite into their abode.
:'''Tubby:''' This Realm Dispatch bears signatures of the abode's adeptal energy and that of the adeptus themselves. As such, anyone who has this dispatch can enter or exit the abode freely.
:'''Tubby:''' Before, this abode was in an incomplete, embryonic state. Those whom you invited into it would only have been able to exit and enter together with you, rather than remain for long periods.
:'''Tubby:''' But now... Well, take this Realm Dispatch that I have created for you and hold it in your hand -- tightly, now.
:{{DIcon}} What should I do next?
:{{DIcon}} I thought it needed some of my energies...
:'''Tubby:''' Don't worry. You need only hold this dispatch, and it will draw some of your energy out and into it.
:'''Tubby:''' Ah yes. I heard [[Madame Ping|Ping]] mention that you have made friends in a great many places. As such, I suspect that were we to distribute one dispatch to each one of them, we would be here making dispatches for a long time.
:'''Tubby:''' As such, I have made some modifications to this dispatch. All you need to do is tap the palm of the person you'd like to invite lightly with the dispatch, and your energy signature will remain on them, allowing them to enter and leave your realm with ease.
:{{DIcon}} Huh, it's almost like "marking," isn't it...
:'''Tubby:''' Huh? Well, sort of? But why did you have to put it so weirdly...
:'''Tubby:''' Ahem, well, here is the Realm Dispatch. Go forth and invite whoever you wish.
:'''Tubby:''' It seems that this place shall become lively quite soon...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Idle Teapot Talk
|zhs     = 壶中闲事
|zhs_rm  = Húzhōng Xiánshì
|zht     = 壺中閒事
|zht_rm  = Húzhōng Xiánshì
|zh_tl   = Leisurely Matters Within the Teapot
|ja      = 壺の雑事
|ja_rm   = Tsubo no Zatsuji
|ja_tl   = Pot's Miscellaneous Matters
|ko      = 주전자 속 잡담
|ko_rm   = Jujeonja Sok Japdam
|ko_tl   = Chattering in Kettle
|es      = Los chismes de la tetera
|es_tl   = The Rumors of the Teapot
|fr      = Papotage autour d'un thé
|fr_tl   = Chattering Over a Tea
|ru      = Праздный разговор в чайнике
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เรื่องอลเวงในกาน้ำชา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chuyện Phiếm Trong Ấm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geschwätz in der Kanne
|de_tl   = Prattle in the Pot
|id      = Basa-Basi di Dalam Poci
|id_tl   = Chattering Inside the Teapot
|pt      = Assuntos do Bule
|pt_tl   = Teapot Affairs
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

[[pt-br:Assuntos do Bule]]