{{CharacterTabs}}
<!--{{Quote|Official description|Description from the Official Website<ref>Official Genshin Impact Website: [LINK <character name>]</ref>}}-->
==Personality==
<!--{{Quote|In-game text|In-game character attributes and profile page text}}-->
According to [[Mualani]], he is quick and efficient at everything he does and is always happy to join anything he's invited to.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Mualani|About Ifa}}</ref> Ifa is very relaxed and has a relaxed vibe around him, often using slang words when talking. This has caused his Saurian companion, [[Cacucu]], to imitate his speech.

As a Saurian vet, Ifa prioritizes the treatment of his patients with extreme efficiency. His ethics have made him one of the most requested vets in all of Natlan, and both humans and Saurians view him positively.

Compared to his friend Ororon, Ifa is far more ambivalent towards his meaning in life, believing most people don't live their lives with any special purpose or calling.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Beneath the Secret Source|quote='''Ifa:''' Exactly. Most people live like that &mdash; no special purpose or calling. That's just how the world works.}}</ref>

==Appearance==
<!-- {{See also|character's outfit(s), default first}}
<!-- Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 3-4 sentences. Outfits should be described on the outfit pages. -->
Ifa is tall with dark tan skin. He has "droopy“ sea green eyes with diamond-shaped pupils and small orange triangles under it and white short and fluffy hair that fades into a mint color at the bottom. He has a crossed scar over his left eye and three continuous scratch scars on his left forearm, as well as a zigzag-shaped tribal marking around his neck with dots under it.

Ifa wears a dark brown button-up shirt under a white coat, both with their sleeves rolled up above his elbows, the coat interior is teal with orange borders and has several orange and green details on the outside. His {{Color|Anemo}} [[vision]] is located on his back.

He wears a leather arm guard all over his right arm and dark teal pants with brown leather leg protections with a holster with a syringe gun and gray cowboy boots. His accessories are a white hat with teal, black and orange details with an orange string connected by a teal tassel, a pair of dark brown gloves, a badge with a white, teal and orange feather on the left side of his coat and a brown bag on his back with some medical equipment visible, as well as an orange fabric tied behind his brown belt.

==Official Introduction==
<!-- Article from Hoyolab -->
{{Official Introduction
|title     = Rescue Rapid as a Raid
|link      = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/37982559
|character = Ifa
}}
{{Quote|Last time Ifa swung by, he picked up two jars of honey. I guess he's making more crackers for baby saurians... Ah, don't get me wrong, I'm not complaining. I just hope he remembers to leave some for me.|[[Ororon]]}}
Ifa always descends from the sky, charging into the fray with gun in hand. Such dramatic entrances result in most people instinctively assuming that reinforcements from the Flower-Feather Clan have arrived.

But take a closer look. With the badge on his chest and his medical kit, and ignoring whatever that [[Cacucu|round thingy]] next to him might be, overall he seems more like... a doctor.

So, they start thinking, "Ohhh, so that's it! Our medical response team just got airdropped in!" and approach Ifa to explain the situation.

However, Ifa pays them no heed, with eyes only for saurians in need of aid. Only after treating their injuries does he tend to the minor issues faced by the people around him.

Over time, the vet's figure has become a familiar one, and those he runs into always wave and say hello.

Although he doesn't remember everyone's faces, Ifa never fails to return a friendly greeting with a smile and a shout: "Right back atcha, bro!"
<!--
==Character Stories==
{{Character Story
|title1        = Character Details
|text1         = 
|mention1      = 

|title2        = Character Story 1
|friendship2   = 2
|quest2        = 
|other2        = 
|text2         = 
|mention2      = 

|title3        = Character Story 2
|friendship3   = 3
|quest3        = 
|other3        = 
|text3         = 
|mention3      = 

|title4        = Character Story 3
|friendship4   = 4
|quest4        = 
|other4        = 
|text4         = 
|mention4      = 

|title5        = Character Story 4
|friendship5   = 5
|quest5        = 
|other5        = 
|text5         = 
|mention5      = 

|title6        = Character Story 5
|friendship6   = 6
|quest6        = 
|other6        = 
|text6         = 
|mention6      = 

|title7        = 
|friendship7   = 4
|quest7        = 
|other7        = 
|text7         = 
|mention7      = 

|title8        = Vision
|friendship8   = 6
|quest8        = 
|other8        = 
|text8         = 
|mention8      = 
}}

==Namecard==
{{Namecard|Insert namecard name}}
-->
==Constellation==
{{Constellation Lore|Catena Opele}}

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Character Trials==
{{Trials by Character}}
-->
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}
<!--
==Mail==
{{Mails by Category List|noheader=1}}
-->
==Trivia==
* The placard at the front of his clinic was made by [[Ororon]].<ref>{{Ref/CS|Ororon|2}}</ref>
* According to Ororon, Ifa can play the guitar and frequently does so for his patients.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Ororon|About Ifa}}</ref>
* Ifa shares the same Chinese voice actor, [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/zh-hans/%E5%90%95%E4%B9%A6%E5%90%9B Lu Shujun (吕书君)] with [[Cacucu]], and his Japanese voice actor, {{w|Junta Terashima|Terashima Junta ({{ja|寺島惇太}})}}, with [[Niwa Hisahide]].

===Etymology===
* Ifa could be based on {{w|Ifá}}, a belief and divination system originating from the religion of the Yoruba people.
* Ifa could also be named after ''Ife'', a Yoruba name meaning "love."

==Other Languages==
===Character Title: In the Wake of Wandering Winds===
{{Other Languages
|en       = In the Wake of Wandering Winds
|zhs      = 蔚风引灵
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 蔚風引靈
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 魂を導く疾風
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 생명<->을 잇는 바람
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El Guiado por Vientos Errantes
|es_tl    = The One Guided by Wandering Winds
|fr       = Zéphyr spirituel
|fr_tl    = Spiritual Zephyr
|ru       = Вслед за блуждающим ветром
|ru_tl    = Following the Wandering Wind
|th       = สายลมสง่านำพาจิต
|th_rm    = Sai-lom sa-nga nam-pha chit
|th_tl    = Dignified Wind Leads the Spirit
|vi       = Gió Xanh Dẫn Lối
|vi_tl    = Young Wind Leads the Way
|de       = In den Spuren schweifender Winde
|de_tl    = 
|id       = In the Wake of Wandering Winds
|pt       = Brisa Espiritual
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Başıboş Rüzgarların İzinde
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = In balia di venti erranti
|it_tl    = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Character Navbox|link type=lore}}

[[ja:イファ/ストーリー]]
[[ru:Ифа/Лор]]
[[th:Ifa/เนื้อเรื่อง]]
[[tr:Ifa/Hikaye]]
[[vi:Ifa/Cốt Truyện]]