{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Ilyas.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = <!-- Where the character appears, if different from Region -->
|affiliation      = Sumeru Akademiya
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = Alyasa
|mother           = Ashera
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = Izebel
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = {{w|Chris Niosi}}<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/Kirbopher/status/1615806540069625857 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = {{w|ja:吉野貴大|Yoshino Takahiro ({{ja|吉野 貴大}})}}<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/toteairline/status/1616014207790768129 JP VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Ilyas''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in [[Alhaitham]]'s [[Story Quest]] ''[[The Illusions of the Mob]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Ilyas is a scholar from the [[Akademiya]] who currently imprisoned due to his participation in activities considered illegal by the Akademiya.

It is not known what Darshan Ilyas was in while in the Akademiya. While in the Akademiya, Ilyas had a friend named [[Raju]], whose work was plagiarized by their instructor, [[Jani]], which ultimately drove him to suicide. While Ilyas had stayed quiet on his request, Raju's death was too much for him to bear and Ilyas exposed the affair, leading to Jani's arrest, as well as ostracism from Jani's peers who were involved in his project. This ostracism affected Ilyas's prospects within the Akademiya as his peers would refuse to associate with him in any future projects; this, along with an implied disapproval by his parents due to his actions, took a toll on him mentally.

It was around this time that Ilyas was confronted by a scholar from the [[Vahumana]] [[Darshan]] named [[Siraj]], who recruited him into his project involving a "collective consciousness", not knowing of Siraj's ulterior motives in wanting to install himself as the Akademiya's new Sage. To aid this, Ilyas was made an amnesiac by Siraj and fed suggestions into his mind to draw out [[Alhaitham]], Siraj's archrival, to kill him and speed up to process; he would be given the moniker of '''Siraj No. 36'''. Ilyas meets Alhaitham, who engages in conversation with him; Alhaitham however sees through Ilyas's ruse and begins encouraging his individuality over their numerous conversations, leading Ilyas to question his position within the mind.

Ilyas later returns to the collective consciousness and exposes his true colors to Alhaitham, having acted as Siraj's "mole" and proclaiming himself as Siraj No. 36. The various thoughts implanted in Ilyas's conscience however regarding Ilyas questioning his number in the pecking order begin to influence the thoughts of the members in Siraj's consciousness, causing the mind to become unstable and break down. Ilyas is subsequently arrested by the [[Matra]] after the destabilization of the mind.

===Personality===
Ilyas is noted as being a doting brother to his siblings. He is also noted to be easily persuaded by others, such as Siraj.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Ilyas
|zhs     = 伊利亚斯
|zhs_rm  = Yīlìyàsī
|zht     = 伊利亞斯
|zht_rm  = Yīlìyǎsī
|ja      = イリヤース
|ja_rm   = Iriyaasu
|ko      = 일리야스
|es      = Ilyas
|fr      = Ilyas
|ru      = Ильяс
|th      = Ilyas
|vi      = Ilyas
|de      = Ilyas
|id      = Ilyas
|pt      = Ilyas
|tr      = Ilyas
|it      = Ilyas
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}