{{ImaginariumTheaterTabs}}
{{TOC Limit|2|right=1}}
After completing an act during the Imaginarium Theater performance, the player will return to the '''Theater Lobby''', where the 4 [[character]]s chosen to make up the party can be spoken to, with the exception of [[Aloy]], who will not appear.

Each playable character features 3 sets of [[Voice-Over|voiced]] dialogue pertaining to the ongoing performance, some small-talk and taking a break from the challenge.

==Albedo==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo albedo saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It is well worth exploring this domain thoroughly, though it will take some time. Approximately as long as it would take to read an entire alchemy book from cover to cover, in my estimation.
:{{A|vo albedo saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Perhaps I could assess each threat that awaits us, quantify the total effort required in each case, and... Hmm? From the look on your face... You wish to continue the battle now, correct?
:{{A|vo albedo saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Then let's go. Remember to make each move count, and be ready to change strategy at a moment's notice.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo albedo saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I was reading an alchemy paper recently, and was particularly interested by the section on Targeted Integration of Hidden Effects of Composite Alchemical Ingredients.
:{{A|vo albedo saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Some details of the experiment weren't expounded on in full, although I was able to follow along and bridge most of the gaps. But I'm keen to learn more about what happens during the actual mixing stage. I'll have to take the time to recreate the entire experiment in full, then I can observe it for myself.
:{{A|vo albedo saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Oh, you'd like to watch, too? Certainly. I'll let you know when I plan to conduct the experiment.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo albedo saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It is rather pleasant here, far away from all the commotion. We needn't be in a hurry to leave.
:{{A|vo albedo saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I would offer to paint your portrait since we have some time on our hands, but unfortunately I don't have my new palette on hand.
:{{A|vo albedo saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm... I suppose I could peruse one of the books here. Reading is a fine way to calm the mind.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Alhaitham==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo alhaitham saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Having a challenging mid-to-long-term goal is a good thing.
:{{A|vo alhaitham saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' This applies equally to combat, job-seeking, and the pursuit of knowledge.
:{{A|vo alhaitham saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But what people get out of achieving their goal depends on the individual.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo alhaitham saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Quite a few books.
:{{A|vo alhaitham saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Storybooks, mostly. A rare sight in the House of Daena &mdash; they claim it would distract the students from their studies.
:{{A|vo alhaitham saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But if the fate of a student's studies depends on externally imposed restrictions, whether to storybooks or otherwise, they won't make it far in academia.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo alhaitham saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Rest time, you say?
:{{A|vo alhaitham saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Mm. Then let's give our vocal cords a rest.
:{{A|vo alhaitham saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Grab some coffee, and spend some time thinking about the things you're usually too busy for.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Amber==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ambor saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' You know that magical bird I told you about? The one I spent three days hunting? I still wear the feather I took as a trophy on my waist.
:{{A|vo ambor saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' There's nothing like finally defeating your enemy after a long, hard battle. It's like biting into a delicious steak when you're starving hungry!
:{{A|vo ambor saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' So, whatever happens &mdash; don't give up!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ambor saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I've had times when I wished that one day, I'd wake up to find Baron Bunny had come to life and could talk.
:{{A|vo ambor saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Y'know, like Oz, Fischl's raven. They get to go adventuring together, and can even split up on missions when they need to.
:{{A|vo ambor saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Still, Baron Bunny's already a huge help. Besides, if I want to become the best outrider ever, it's me I gotta focus on!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ambor saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' What do you think we'll find if we go further in? I'm excited to see.
:{{A|vo ambor saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I know, everyone needs to rest after the last battle... But I'm an Outrider. I'm not used to standing around waiting.
:{{A|vo ambor saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Make sure you don't forget to call me when you're ready to leave!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Arataki Itto==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo itto saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Look, even if there are a couple o' tough customers lurking around this place, what's there to worry about when you've got Arataki "Numero Uno" Itto on your side, huh? Huh? Haha, there is nothing out there that you need to be afraid of.
:{{A|vo itto saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Let's see who actually has the guts to face me. A couple o' whacks from my club will send 'em all running back whence they came! WAPOW! ...And if not, we'll let Ushi deal with them.
:{{A|vo itto saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ugh, anyway, no use fighting on an empty stomach. Hey, they do food here, right?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo itto saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahaha, these books are actually pretty good. I bet the boys in the gang would enjoy reading 'em, too.
:{{A|vo itto saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh? ...Fairytales? You mean... they're meant for kids?
:{{A|vo itto saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ahem! Uhh, what I meant was, we should totally share these books with the kids in the city! They'd be a smash hit with them!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo itto saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Alright, {{Traveler}}, who we gonna throw down with next? I'm ready to rumble!
:{{A|vo itto saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What are we waiting for, anyway? C'mon, let's gooo! Or they'll start thinkin' we're scared of 'em!
:{{A|vo itto saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, but I guess you need some time to organize the victory feast, right? Gotta plan ahead for these things! ...Okay yeah, we can hang around here a little longer. Good thing I got this lollipop to tide me over.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Arlecchino==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo arlecchino saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' The enemies we face are of a lowly breed. Deal with them however you see fit.
:{{A|vo arlecchino saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' But do not get complacent. You should expect to fend for yourself, as I am not in the habit of coming to other people's rescue.
:{{A|vo arlecchino saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' If you do encounter a foe for whom you are no match, simply make yourself scarce, and I shall deal with it in due course.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo arlecchino saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' Before I go on a long journey, I tend to leave the children of the House of the Hearth with some homework to complete in my absence.
:{{A|vo arlecchino saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' Many of them, however, simply play to their hearts' content for most of the time I am gone, then rush to get their homework done in the final few days before my return.
:{{A|vo arlecchino saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' They believe I am none the wiser, but I have simply elected not to expose their chicanery. After all, to complete one's work in a short timeframe is a skill in its own right.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo arlecchino saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' You intend to take a rest? I concur. You do look quite tired.
:{{A|vo arlecchino saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' Self-knowledge is a good trait to have. Better to walk at a slower pace if it means you will travel further in the end.
:{{A|vo arlecchino saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Arlecchino:''' I brought some coffee candies. Here, take one.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Baizhu==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo baizhu saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' *cough*... *cough*
:{{A|vo changsheng saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' Hey, are you sure you can keep going? Maybe we should take things a bit more slowly?
:{{A|vo baizhu saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' ...It's nothing serious. If I let every little setback stop me, I'd never have made it this far.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo baizhu saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' There are a surprising number of books here. I can't help but wonder if there are any ancient prescriptions or medical texts...
:{{A|vo changsheng saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' Sorry to disappoint, but I already took a look. They're pretty much all children's books.
:{{A|vo baizhu saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Is that so... Well, some fairytales may still have therapeutic benefits in treating mood-related disorders.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo baizhu saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' This place is truly perilous, {{Traveler}}... Do you have any injuries or concerning symptoms you'd like to tell me about?
:{{A|vo baizhu saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Baizhu:''' Yes, I know you're very skilled, but just because you're not black and blue doesn't mean everything is okay. If you're not careful, fatigue will accumulate over time and catch you unawares. You must remember to stretch to relieve tension and ensure good circulation of your qi...
:{{A|vo changsheng saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Changsheng:''' ...Or to put it bluntly, he's worried about you! So just lie down and let us give you a quick checkup.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Barbara==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo barbara saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I don't like it when people around me get hurt. It's so upsetting to see them in pain...
:{{A|vo barbara saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But sometimes in life, fighting is inevitable. All I can do is pray, and support everyone from behind by patching up the injured...
:{{A|vo barbara saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' And I have to do it with a smile, if only to keep people's spirits up.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo barbara saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' A squirrel, a fox, and a cute kitty-cat...
:{{A|vo barbara saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I'm trying to write a heartwarming song with a fairytale theme, but it's a little tough...
:{{A|vo barbara saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I think I need to go back to the story books and look for some more inspiration!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo barbara saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Are you injured at all? Rest here, let me give you a full examination.
:{{A|vo barbara saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Just a scratch? Ooh, you shouldn't say that! No matter how minor your injury, you mustn't ignore it.
:{{A|vo barbara saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I won't take up too much of your time, I promise!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Beidou==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo beidou saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' There's some pretty tough cookies lurking around in here, huh? Still, nothing to be scared of.
:{{A|vo beidou saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' If you're out on stormy seas and a giant wave is coming towards you, you only put yourself at risk of capsizing if you try to steer around it. But if you face it head on and take it on the bow, you can split that wave down the middle.
:{{A|vo beidou saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I'm used to taking the helm when the storms come. So when we head into battle, feel free to put me up front!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo beidou saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' There's a lot of stories about me floating around in Liyue, but I guess the most well-known is the one about me defeating Haishan.
:{{A|vo beidou saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I'm ashamed to admit it, but I went into that fight with a huge ego. I thought I'd seen it all and wanted to show people that I could take on the world... Little did I know it would very nearly cost me my life.
:{{A|vo beidou saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Ultimately, I still dealt the final blow. But in the end, what got me through it wasn't my arrogant desire to prove myself. It was the fact that I had a whole crew behind me that I cared about a lot.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo beidou saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Since we've got some time on our hands, do you wanna take a seat and shoot the breeze for a bit? I brought some drinks if you're thirsty.
:{{A|vo beidou saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' With me here, we can take whatever this domain has to throw at us.
:{{A|vo beidou saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' There's no point spending all your time worrying about what lies beyond the horizon. If it's a sunny day, you can snooze away, and if there's dark clouds ahead, you just gotta roll up your sleeves and sail on through the storm! That there is the secret to living a happy life.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Bennett==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo bennett saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' These monsters are stronger all the time... Probably 'cause I'm on the team, I bet.
:{{A|vo bennett saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But the good news is, as the leader of Benny's Adventure Team, I've learned a lot about how to draw monsters' attention!
:{{A|vo bennett saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'll lure them out, and once they charge at me, you guys wait for the right moment to take 'em all down!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo bennett saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I've always wanted to go off on a big, long adventure, and grow old along the way, just like my dads.
:{{A|vo bennett saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I know there's a lot of bad luck waiting for me out there, and if I'm not careful, I might not have the chance to grow old at all...
:{{A|vo bennett saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But my mind's made up. I have to do it! Because... adventuring is my favorite thing!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo bennett saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' If it's okay with you, I think we should check all the pillars in this room, just to make sure they're sturdy.
:{{A|vo bennett saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' If I spend too long in one place, sooner or later... accidents happen.
:{{A|vo bennett saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It's not me I'm worried about. But if I'm gonna keep on adventuring with you, we gotta make sure everybody else is safe.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Candace==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo candace saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I will show no mercy to any who threaten my companions.
:{{A|vo candace saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' So, whatever evils dwell within this domain, you need not fear. My spear and my shield are at your command.
:{{A|vo candace saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' That is my duty as guardian.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo candace saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' At the core of any myth is a true story, but once a story comes to bear the hopes and dreams of an entire people, fantastical fictions inevitably become mixed in with the truth.
:{{A|vo candace saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' But in my view, the truth of our myths is not important. Still I will stride the golden sands, my heart yearning for the light of dawn.
:{{A|vo candace saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Whether with or without the blessing of the gods, I will always be the guardian who protects my people.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo candace saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I just had a brief look around. I quite like that hat on the coat rack... It's a nice color, and pretty stylish too.
:{{A|vo candace saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I would've quite liked to try it on if this was a marketplace...
:{{A|vo candace saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' But since it probably counts as lost property, I'll have to be content to admire it from afar.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Charlotte==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo charlotte saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Ooh, are you going further in? Take me with you! Please?
:{{A|vo charlotte saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' I'm sure there'll be plenty of challenges for us to face...
:{{A|vo charlotte saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' But if there's a chance of discovering the truth behind this place, it'll definitely be worth the risk.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo charlotte saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' According to my interviews, this Domain might be related to a famous author of fairy tales.
:{{A|vo charlotte saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Are the stories supposed to be an analogy for something? What clues could lay hidden in those pages?
:{{A|vo charlotte saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Oh, I'd love to meet one of the writer's descendants &mdash; I have a looong list of questions for them here in my notebook!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo charlotte saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' I wonder what secrets could be hidden within this Domain.
:{{A|vo charlotte saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' I mean, I know we're supposed to be having a break, but I couldn't call myself a professional journalist if I let the mysteries here go unexplored!
:{{A|vo charlotte saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Good thing I've got my notebook with me. Hey, maybe I'll be able to land an interview with the person in charge!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Chasca==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chasca saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' There's no disputes to settle here &mdash; only enemies to defeat.
:{{A|vo chasca saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' So I can go all in? No holds barred, huh?
:{{A|vo chasca saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Simple and straight to the point... Heh, suits me.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chasca saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' What are all these shiny things on the ground? Can we... take some with us?
:{{A|vo chasca saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' They look like they'd make great bedside ornaments. I'm sure "Mom" would like 'em too.
:{{A|vo chasca saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' ...Though with that many spikes, it might be better to leave them out of the lair. Sounds like a recipe for an awful night's sleep...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chasca saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' We sure burned through a lot of ammo back there... Ha, my gun's still hot to the touch.
:{{A|vo chasca saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' I'll stay here to take care of my gun. Why don't you join me and rest up too?
:{{A|vo chasca saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Chasca:''' Guns need rest... Just like people, right?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Chevreuse==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chevreuse saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Proceed with caution, assess the situation, fire on command, and shoot to kill. Clear rules and a battle plan are essential to any military operation.
:{{A|vo chevreuse saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Sticking to these rules while we're exploring this domain will guard us against a lot of preventable accidents.
:{{A|vo chevreuse saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' ...But of course, if things escalate out of control, I will act as the last line of defense to secure you enough time to make a decision on how to proceed.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chevreuse saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' I know all these books are meant for children, but some of the stories are actually quite good.
:{{A|vo chevreuse saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Here, for example. This one's the story of two parrots that sue each other. Each accuses the other of stealing a poem that they both claim to have written that morning.
:{{A|vo chevreuse saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' But since they only know how to imitate speech, the judge has no way of knowing who actually wrote the poem first... Such a fun story. Any chance I can borrow it?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chevreuse saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' We're gonna rest and regroup? Good. A wise decision.
:{{A|vo chevreuse saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' There's no telling what awaits us next. It's crucial that we take every opportunity to recover our strength.
:{{A|vo chevreuse saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' You should go hydrate &mdash; I'll handle the weapon maintenance. Once I'm done, they'll be good as new.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Chiori==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chiori saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' I see a lot of people training in the art of the sword to pursue martial excellence. But that's not my goal.
:{{A|vo chiori saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' I'm only interested in capturing the aesthetics of the sword, especially the interplay between light and shadow. Combat, for me, is a chance to get a wealth of inspiration in the bag.
:{{A|vo chiori saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' But don't worry. Even if I lose focus mid-battle, Tamoto will help you out.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chiori saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' I like the decor here. Seems like working in a different environment once in a while can be a good mood-booster.
:{{A|vo chiori saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Only thing is, once I get into work mode, I'm so focused on what I'm doing that I don't pay much attention to what's going on in the outside world.
:{{A|vo chiori saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' So if you need me for anything, you'll have get up close and personal to get my attention. Got it?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chiori saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Need a pillow? I can make one for you &mdash; I brought some cloth with me.
:{{A|vo chiori saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' I also have a nice soft blanket here if you need a comforter.
:{{A|vo chiori saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Chiori:''' Not interested? Well, I'm gonna take a nap anyway. Let me know when it's time to go.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Chongyun==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chongyun saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' The deeper we delve, the stronger the enemies we find. This domain is certainly a very dangerous place.
:{{A|vo chongyun saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' But in my view, if someone is called to exorcise the forces of evil and defend the good in the world, then settling for the low-hanging fruit falls far short of their mission. A serious exorcist must be willing to take the fight to the most powerful foes.
:{{A|vo chongyun saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Today, I fight side-by-side with you. There is no evil we cannot overcome.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chongyun saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I heard that some of the stories in these books talk about completely made-up beings, but with incredibly life-like illustrations...
:{{A|vo chongyun saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Do you think the author drew them purely from their imagination? I'd love the chance to learn from them if so.
:{{A|vo chongyun saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' If I had that kind of skill, the Field Guide to Demons and Beasts wouldn't be in the sorry state it is now...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo chongyun saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' Whenever I get out of a fierce battle and I'm still fired up, I take a moment to sit quietly and perform some breathing exercises. It helps stabilize my qi.
:{{A|vo chongyun saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' I do it because of my pure-yang spirit. But I believe the practice can offer similar benefits to other people.
:{{A|vo chongyun saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Chongyun:''' So do take a proper rest between battles. I'm sure it'll do you good.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Citlali==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo citlali saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Keep going. Whatever challenges lie ahead, you'll make mincemeat of them.
:{{A|vo citlali saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' At least, that's the fate that your allies have foretold.
:{{A|vo citlali saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' What about me? My role is to be your loyal and dedicated assistant, of course. Why else would I leave the comfort of my home?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo citlali saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Since the fate of the Tzitzimimeh has been obscured, they can't operate at their full strength here. But the good news is, our current proximity to the Ley Lines has enhanced my own abilities.
:{{A|vo citlali saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Just what is this place? It's truly full of mysteries...
:{{A|vo citlali saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Well, I have all the time in the world, so I might as well find a free corner and move all my stuff in. Then I can start trying to figure out what all of this really means...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo citlali saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmm, this world seems to operate on different rules. My Tzitzimimeh are unable to unleash their full power.
:{{A|vo citlali saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' So, even if I want to help you, there are some limits on my ability to fight indefinitely.
:{{A|vo citlali saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You should take a break. Do you need a drink? A pillow, maybe a light novel...? Don't be shy... Really, you're sure you don't want anything? Heh, you're so low-maintenance...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Clorinde==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo clorinde saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' People often believe me to be highly focused on securing victories &mdash; I am a Champion Duelist, after all.
:{{A|vo clorinde saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' The truth, however, is just the opposite. It is the spirit of the challenger that I value above all else. If someone is willing to face me head-on, they have my respect, no matter who secures the title of victor in the end.
:{{A|vo clorinde saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Strength is something that can be gained through experience. Courage, however, comes from within.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo clorinde saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I think I'll read a little before the next battle begins.
:{{A|vo clorinde saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Please refrain from recommending something like a newspaper. I recognize that short-form articles may be a fitting choice considering the limited amount of time at our disposal...
:{{A|vo clorinde saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' But they're simply not to my taste.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo clorinde saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I rarely encounter opportunities to rest mid-journey. During battle, slowing down is even more out of the question.
:{{A|vo clorinde saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' However, given that this is not a solo operation, I will go along with what you think is best.
:{{A|vo clorinde saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' In any case, this is an acceptable place for a brief period of respite.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Collei==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo collei saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I'm pretty nervous, to be honest. The battles here are tough, and I don't wanna let the team down...
:{{A|vo collei saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Still... I can't just mope around, wishing I was as brave as everyone else. That helps no one.
:{{A|vo collei saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' No, I won't run away. Not me. That's right, Trainee Forest Ranger Collei is ready for battle!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo collei saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' The books here aren't too complicated. Even I'm having an easy time reading them...!
:{{A|vo collei saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' When I get back, I need to thank Master Tighnari for his literacy classes.
:{{A|vo collei saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I'm more determined than ever now to stick with it, so that one day, I'll be able to read even more complicated books.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo collei saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Did you bring enough supplies? Don't forget to re-hydrate and replenish your energy while we have some down time!
:{{A|vo collei saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' We're lucky to have this place &mdash; it's much safer and better equipped than a makeshift camp in the wild. But still, you shouldn't get complacent and forget to take care of yourself. You'll only end up regretting it later...
:{{A|vo collei saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' ...Hmm? How would I know? Uh, I mean, because... well... *sigh* Do I really have to answer that?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Cyno==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo cyno saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' As the General Mahamatra, I have to display the might of the Akademiya. Whatever enemy we face, I will give it my all.
:{{A|vo cyno saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' In battle, as with delivering judgement, the righteous must prevail. And so we must approach every battle with great caution.
:{{A|vo cyno saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I am armed with the determination to uphold the rules. There is no battle I cannot win.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo cyno saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I've always thought of books as one of the great inventions.
:{{A|vo cyno saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Once a law is written down and compiled into a legal codex, it no longer exists only in the words spoken by the lawmaker. It has its own independent existence. Only then does the ability to exercise true judgement arise.
:{{A|vo cyno saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Because all people must be judged equally. Even the lawmakers themselves.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo cyno saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' There are a lot of story books here. But make sure to return them to the shelves after you've finished reading them. And whatever you do, never leave a book on top of a dinner plate.
:{{A|vo cyno saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Hmm? Why, you ask?
:{{A|vo cyno saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Well, for the simple reason that... it just won't go down well.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dehya==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dehya saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' That rabble we fought sure picked the wrong crew to mess with. I'd say they won't make that mistake again... but we already made sure of that.
:{{A|vo dehya saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' With my skills and experience on your team, they don't stand a chance, no matter what they throw at us.
:{{A|vo dehya saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I don't have eyes on the back of my head, though, so just make sure you've got my back.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dehya saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' So many books... Let's see here... Hah! Get a load of this one!
:{{A|vo dehya saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' This story's about a mercenary whose only skill is that he's an exceptional liar. He goes and gets himself hired by three different employers, all of which are mutual enemies...
:{{A|vo dehya saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' And so, he's forced to spin ever more ludicrous lies to keep himself alive and keep the Mora rolling in... Hahaha, you know what? I'll read on &mdash; this looks pretty fun.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dehya saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' You go ahead and get some rest &mdash; I wanna survey this area first. We need to get some sort of security system in place, just in case of a surprise attack...
:{{A|vo dehya saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Oh yeah &mdash; I'm guessing you've got all your essential supplies on you? If you're going to put them down, make sure it's somewhere everyone can see them.
:{{A|vo dehya saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Oh, you want to come with me? Sure, that'll save us some time. Alright, come with me, and stick close.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Diluc==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo diluc saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' How are you coping with the battles so far?
:{{A|vo diluc saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I can't always check how you're faring in the middle of a fight. Hopefully you're not pushing yourself too hard.
:{{A|vo diluc saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' If any of our foes give you a hard time, send them my way.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo diluc saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I had a phase once where I did exactly what you're doing now. Constantly exploring dangerous domains and confronting powerful enemies.
:{{A|vo diluc saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' But what drove me to do it wasn't any of the rules from the Knights of Favonius Handbook. It was my personal convictions.
:{{A|vo diluc saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Conviction helps you rise above your wounds and fatigue, and guides you forward into the light of dawn.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo diluc saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Sometimes, a throwaway comment in a conversation outside of the battle can be the decisive factor in who wins and who loses.
:{{A|vo diluc saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' So even in the downtime between battles, I intend to stay alert and ready.
:{{A|vo diluc saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Leave the intelligence gathering to me. You should rest.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Diona==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo diona saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I was expecting to see weird and wonderful things in this place. But so far, zilch...
:{{A|vo diona saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' No funny-looking critters with antennae on their heads, no plants full of funky-smelling juice... Even the monsters here are all ones I've seen before.
:{{A|vo diona saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' If this carries on... I guess I can forget about trying to find any new cocktail ingredients here.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo diona saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hero defeats dragon... Princess defeats dragon... Prince gets defeated by princess...
:{{A|vo diona saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ugh. I thought I'd be able to find at least one story about mixology here, but nope! Just a bunch of fairytales.
:{{A|vo diona saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Huh? Wait, here's one! Hmm, hero convinces dragon to defend kingdom by plying dragon with alcohol... Hah! What a load of baloney!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo diona saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Whew... Finally, a chance to put our feet up. Meow!
:{{A|vo diona saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Here, drink this. It's water with some salt and nectar in it. It makes a great recovery drink after intense exercise.
:{{A|vo diona saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' The flavor is nicely balanced, with a touch of salt to offset the sweetness. Take a sip, and you'll feel a burst of energy, plus a boost to your mental clarity... Actually, you know what &mdash; forget all that. Just try it for yourself!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dori==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dori saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' What's that, you say? I could have sworn I just heard you invite me to go monster-fighting in this domain with you... Strange, I slept perfectly well last night. Why am I having auditory hallucinations?
:{{A|vo dori saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Dori Sangemah Bay is just a straightforward businesswoman. So let me put it to you this way: Why would any businessperson take such a huge gamble on their own life unless there was, oh I dunno... a few dozen million Mora to be made?
:{{A|vo dori saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Here's my counter-offer: A custom-made Domain-Delver's Survival Kit, just for you! Great value for your Mora, and available at a discounted price for a limited time only!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dori saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' If there really was such a thing as a miracle potion that could cure all disease, I'm sure it would be auctioned off and sold for an astronomical price.
:{{A|vo dori saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' But in this fairytale, the fairy gives her magic potion to the prince for free. She has no business sense at all.
:{{A|vo dori saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Dori:''' *sigh* If you want my opinion... Praying to a fairy isn't the answer. Better to go out and make some Mora.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dori saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Let me guess what you need most right now... A medicinal drink that can restore your full strength in one sip? Or maybe a cream that can instantly heal your wounds?
:{{A|vo dori saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' How'd I do? All this and more available right here, right now. Buy in bulk for big discounts.
:{{A|vo dori saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Don't let the price put you off. You're paying for all the hard work I and my private associates put in to bring these goods all the way from Sumeru.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Emilie==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo emilie saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' I didn't realize quite how strong the enemies that you have to fight are...
:{{A|vo emilie saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' If you've invited me here, it must be because you're confident that my skills will come in handy.
:{{A|vo emilie saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' So, no need to be coy, alright? I'm here to help however you need.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo emilie saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' I've always felt that a library full of books is just like a shelf full of perfumes.
:{{A|vo emilie saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' It's worth taking the time to study and appreciate each one, until you find the one that's perfect for you.
:{{A|vo emilie saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' That experience, of holding onto hope as you search for the one... It's a beautiful thing, worth treasuring.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo emilie saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' You look tired. Need a break?
:{{A|vo emilie saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' I tend to find that distracting the mind by focusing on something else is an excellent way to relax. We could chat about today's news stories, for instance.
:{{A|vo emilie saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Emilie:''' Or anything else you'd like to talk about, of course.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Eula==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo eula saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Even if an enemy is strong enough to fend me off for today, that doesn't faze me. Sooner or later, they will get their comeuppance.
:{{A|vo eula saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Eula:''' My vengeance may not always be swift... But it is always final.
:{{A|vo eula saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Eula:''' In your case, though... I seriously doubt there are many enemies out there who have what it takes to send you away bearing a grudge.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo eula saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Eula:''' What will become of the wicked aristocracy after being ousted by the valiant knights?
:{{A|vo eula saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Will they flee into the dark woods while the nation rejoices, wallowing in self-pity? Or will they beg for mercy, only to skulk in some corner of the city, sharpening their knives?
:{{A|vo eula saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Fairytales never answer these questions. They just assume that eternal peace is a given once the villains have been defeated.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo eula saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Eula:''' There's no rush to get to the next battle. It's critical to fully recover your strength if you want to stand the best chance of securing victory.
:{{A|vo eula saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Eula:''' Why don't we take some time to review the enemy threat and fine-tune our plan of attack?
:{{A|vo eula saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Eula:''' In my experience, the more thorough the plan, the sweeter the satisfaction when it all finally comes together.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Faruzan==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo faruzan saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' This is a nice little challenge, isn't it? Getting out into the world with your friends, exploring all its nooks and crannies... It's exactly the sort of thing you should be doing when you're young.
:{{A|vo faruzan saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Back when I fell into those strange ruins, I didn't have a single other person to talk to. I had only myself to rely on... Now that was a true challenge, let me tell you.
:{{A|vo faruzan saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' *sigh* That said, I wouldn't recommend that experience to anyone...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo faruzan saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I know that many of the younger generation see me as a sort of legendary figure. Why, my stories and my accomplishments can even be found in Kshahrewar textbooks.
:{{A|vo faruzan saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' But it does seem that people aren't quite used to having a legend living among them. No one takes my courses, or pays attention to my research... Even securing research funding can be a struggle...
:{{A|vo faruzan saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' If I was lucky enough to have one of my predecessors here in the flesh, I'd be waiting on her hand and foot! Serving her tea, massaging her shoulders, asking her all sorts of questions... *sigh* What happened to this generation? Where is their inquisitiveness, where is their respect?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo faruzan saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' You youngsters need to make sure you're getting enough exercise. You don't want to be huffing and puffing while your elders are still going strong! Why, this is a walk in the park compared to the field studies that Haravatat used to send us out on...
:{{A|vo faruzan saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' *sigh* Never mind. No point in dredging up the past... Go on then, I suppose you ought to rest if you really are tired.
:{{A|vo faruzan saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I've seen too many junior scholars ruin their health for the sake of their academic pursuits. Tsk tsk... Let that be a cautionary tale. Those who fail to heed the advice of their elders do so at their own peril!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Fischl==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo fischl saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hm, those who lurk within this place are but lowly pawns, the last remnants of the usurper's army.
:{{A|vo fischl saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' By the time the Prinzessin der Verurteilung stands before them, my Bolts of Downfall will have long since severed their ties with the forces of fate.
:{{A|vo fischl saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' My subjects will surely sing their songs of praise. But to the Prinzessin, this is but one more triumph to add to the annals.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo fischl saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Huh!? This is supposed to be out of print! I've been looking for this for aaages... I can't believe it! I wonder what else there is around here that I've been missing...
:{{A|vo fischl saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ahem! I&mdash;I mean... The scrolls of destiny that anchor this realm in time and space make for a rather interesting read.
:{{A|vo fischl saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Oz, lend me thy beak and lift the veil of darkness. By the power of my Auge der Verurteilung, the tears and suffering described herein shall be etched in my memory. And so shall I bestow upon them my blessing!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo fischl saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Traveler from another world, you have the Prinzessin's permission to enjoy a brief moment of peace.
:{{A|vo fischl saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' But be ready, for once I have peered into this dark dominion and beheld the treachery within, I shall rain down Thundering Retribution upon this place...
:{{A|vo fischl saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' And when the curtain of doom falls, thou shalt give it thy full, undivided attention!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Freminet==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo freminet saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' The upcoming mission looks tough, but I will carry out your orders.
:{{A|vo freminet saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' I just finished some checks on Pers. He seems in good condition. I think he'll function a bit better in battle now.
:{{A|vo freminet saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Do you have other devices in need of repair? I should be able to help.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo freminet saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' These fairytale books are fascinating! They're pretty different from the ones I usually read.
:{{A|vo freminet saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' This is a rare opportunity. Should I try to memorize them? Or should I grab some pen and paper, and copy them down?
:{{A|vo freminet saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Hmm... A new mission could crop up at any time... I'd better hurry.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo freminet saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' Um, if you don't mind me asking... When's the next mission starting?
:{{A|vo freminet saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' I know we're resting, but... I feel a little anxious when there's nothing to do.
:{{A|vo freminet saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Freminet:''' I kinda wanna put my helmet on, or maybe go sit in a quiet corner... Is that okay?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Furina==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo furina saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' There's only a handful of monsters blocking the way ahead &mdash; surely I won't need to personally make an appearance...?
:{{A|vo furina saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Um... Heh, I mean, I did read your report, it's just... Okay, perhaps they do a little tough, yes, but mostly... I'm just not feeling up to fighting today...
:{{A|vo furina saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' ...No, of course I'm not afraid of them! ...Fine, fine! If you insist on performing as a duo, then I shall indulge you.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo furina saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Whenever I'm reading a story, I like to picture it vividly in my mind.
:{{A|vo furina saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' In the theater of my imagination, the scene plays out in full color. I can see the expressions on the characters' faces, hear their words, feel the cadence of their speech... Text on the page is transformed into a spellbinding show, and I watch with bated breath to see where each person's story will take them.
:{{A|vo furina saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' So, you see? I'm not just another celebrity. I've got solid directing chops, too!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo furina saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Oh, this is woeful. I am Fontaine's biggest star! Where is the pomp and circumstance?
:{{A|vo furina saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Well, never mind. I suppose I could do with a short break.
:{{A|vo furina saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' One has to replenish one's blood sugar to deliver an ideal performance, after all.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Gaming==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo gaming saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' This place is no joke, man! Those are some hardcore fighters out there!
:{{A|vo gaming saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' But I know you got this. Sure, they might get a lucky shot in here or there, but it's only ever a matter of time before you're wiping the floor with 'em.
:{{A|vo gaming saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Hey, how 'bout you go easy on them next round? It'll gimme a chance to use my kung fu on them.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo gaming saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Okay, you're gonna laugh at me for this, but whatever. Every time I open a book, I doze off in under ten minutes, without fail...
:{{A|vo gaming saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' But Wushou dancing, on the other hand... I can happily practice away all night long, and still be bouncing off the walls in the morning as I get ready to head out for dim sum...
:{{A|vo gaming saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Wait... what if... I were to read a book while performing a Wushou dance? Hohoho, sounds like a plan, right?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo gaming saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' I always make sure to eat a proper meal and get a good night's sleep before an escort job. You gotta make sure you're in top condition for when you hit the road.
:{{A|vo gaming saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' Even Man Chai knows that! He always eats a little extra before we set off.
:{{A|vo gaming saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Gaming:''' So, y'know, there's no rush. Let's slow down, drink some tea, then take it from there.

==Ganyu==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ganyu saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I wonder how tough things will get as we keep going? Hmm. Funnily enough, that's a question I rarely ask myself.
:{{A|vo ganyu saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I've always felt that so long as I focus on doing everything within my power to complete all of my duties, I'll take whatever troubles lie ahead in my stride.
:{{A|vo ganyu saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' And if that still doesn't solve the problem... Well, that just means I didn't work as hard as I should've, right?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ganyu saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Over the centuries, many people and things I was once so close to have slowly faded away. Human lives are short, and sometimes it can feel like nothing of a person's legacy survives.
:{{A|vo ganyu saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' But there was one time I was listening to a storyteller. To my surprise, their new tale was all about the life of one of my old friends...
:{{A|vo ganyu saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' As the storyteller spoke, I could almost hear my dear friend's voice and laughter again, and scenes from the past seemed to flash before my eyes... I guess this is why humans like to write stories.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ganyu saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I don't know if the thought of the battles ahead is troubling you, but... If so, I do have one suggestion to make.
:{{A|vo ganyu saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' We should make sure we're well-rested before we proceed! We could find a safe spot to have an afternoon nap, for example.
:{{A|vo ganyu saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' I, um... I always strive to do things perfectly, but so often I find that the harder I push myself, the more mistakes I end up making.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Gorou==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo gorou saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' On the battlefield, even the strongest warriors can be captured if they get isolated, and even the weakest soldiers can conquer the enemy if they stay united.
:{{A|vo gorou saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' There's only so much one person can accomplish on their own. So my view is that the strength of the whole group is what matters if you want to build an unstoppable army.
:{{A|vo gorou saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Likewise, even the fiercest enemy soldier is nothing to be feared. As long as we work together as a team and make effective use of our resources, victory will be ours!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo gorou saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Did I ever mention? I have a column in That's Life magazine, where I help readers with their problems.
:{{A|vo gorou saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I only get to communicate with them in writing. But even though I never meet them face-to-face, I know that the camaraderie between us is real.
:{{A|vo gorou saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Whatever I encounter in this domain, it's all valuable experience! I'm sure it'll come in handy one day and allow me to help more people.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo gorou saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Her Excellency once cautioned me against getting lost in the heat of the battle. She said that while being fierce, courageous, and doggedly determined are good traits to have when you're leading an army, if you always throw yourself into the fray without keeping a level head, there will come a day when it backfires on you.
:{{A|vo gorou saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So I think that whenever there's a break between battles, it's important to take a chance to calm down and collect your thoughts.
:{{A|vo gorou saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' You have to stand as firm as a mountain and burn as bright as a raging fire. That's the gold standard for any army, don't you think?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Hu Tao==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo hutao saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' The look on your face tells me you're ready to head deeper into the domain. Next stop, the belly of the beast, huh?
:{{A|vo hutao saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Never fear, for Director Hu Tao is here, ready to face whatever comes at us, from the ordinary, to the abnormal, to the paranormal!
:{{A|vo hutao saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So, without further ado &mdash; shall we? Let's not keep the monsters waiting.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo hutao saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Once I was old enough, I started reading popular novels. Some of them would end by having the dead come back to life and living happily ever after.
:{{A|vo hutao saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Tut-tut-tut... I know it's only make-believe, but still, it always ruined the story for me. If death isn't final, there are no stakes, so it kinda makes everything that happened up to that point meaningless.
:{{A|vo hutao saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' "To everything there is a season: A time to be born, a time to die." That is the truth. You can't have a satisfactory ending if death isn't final.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo hutao saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' We're not in any hurry to get going, are we? Let's chill here for a bit.
:{{A|vo hutao saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' "When the cat's away, the mice will play." And so they should &mdash; 'cause it's only a matter of time before the cat gets back and gobbles all the mice up.
:{{A|vo hutao saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So like I said &mdash; no need to hurry. The mice will be there for us when we're ready.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Iansan==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo iansan saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' So the further we go, the more dangerous things get? I'm suddenly reminded of my quest to break the 200 push-up barrier...
:{{A|vo iansan saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' After I got to 190, I had to force out the last few reps with gritted teeth and pure determination. I know if I'd eased off the intensity even for a moment, it would have been all over.
:{{A|vo iansan saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' But, I did it, I made it to 200. It was worth it just to see all the big meatheads at the fitness club looking at me with that dumbfounded look on their faces.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo iansan saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' I've led my teammates to victory against the Abyss many times before. I must say, the experience here is quite reminiscent of those moments.
:{{A|vo iansan saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' I'm enjoying the feeling of reliving past glories as we delve further into this domain.
:{{A|vo iansan saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' It's not often that you get to experience something like this. So let's take every opportunity to challenge ourselves here!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo iansan saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' Make sure to pace yourself during a workout. Proper rest is often the key to overcoming your limits.
:{{A|vo iansan saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' That said, "rest" doesn't have to mean sitting around and doing nothing. Come on, let's do some warm-ups to ease up those joints.
:{{A|vo iansan saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Iansan:''' The physical intensity is only going to increase from here on out. We must make sure we're prepared.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Jean==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo qin saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Hm. You look troubled, {{Traveler}}. Are you worried about the enemies we will soon face?
:{{A|vo qin saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I see... Sorry, I should have noticed sooner. You asked me to join your team &mdash; it is only right that I share this burden with you.
:{{A|vo qin saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' The Dandelion Knight's sword is at your command. Let us proceed.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo qin saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I wonder if that novel I read once is available to borrow here...
:{{A|vo qin saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Not that I was especially fond of it. I just didn't finish reading it, so I've always wondered what happens after where I left off...
:{{A|vo qin saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I really hope it has a happy ending.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo qin saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I am considering whether to fetch my outstanding paperwork, so that I can look through it during our downtime...
:{{A|vo qin saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Overkill? Hmm... Maybe you're right.
:{{A|vo qin saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' In that case, I'll brew some coffee. I'll make one for you, too.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Kachina==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kachina saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I wonder what'll happen if we keep going further in...
:{{A|vo kachina saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' ... I&mdash;I can do it! I've begun this journey, so I'll see it through!
:{{A|vo kachina saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' And my ancient name is "Uthabiti," after all. I can't be slowing you down! Let's go!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kachina saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' These books are all out of order... but I can't just go re-organizing other people's things...
:{{A|vo kachina saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Still, I just found one I really like! It's all about brave dragon-riding knights defeating a dark lord! There's nothing the hero and his dragon buddy can't do &mdash; they're amazing!
:{{A|vo kachina saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I'm going to tell Ayo this story when I get back! I bet he'll love it so much, he'll do a little dance!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kachina saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' I've read that the heroes of legend would also put their feet up around bonfires!
:{{A|vo kachina saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' In some ways, that makes a little R-and-R part of the hero's journey too, doesn't it?
:{{A|vo kachina saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Kachina:''' Hmm... and I don't hear anything dangerous nearby, so we can rest easy!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Kaedehara Kazuha==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kazuha saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' There are many reasons why a samurai might draw their blade, but the principle is always the same: To do what they know in their heart is right.
:{{A|vo kazuha saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Though we walk a perilous path, where powerful foes face us at every turn, and though I cannot sense what lies at its end, I tread onwards with no fear in my heart.
:{{A|vo kazuha saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' My mind is at ease, for I tread this path in your company.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kazuha saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' During my days as a wanderer, if I came upon a beautiful view and was feeling in a poetic mood, I'd stop to compose a few lines.
:{{A|vo kazuha saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I once thought about writing an anthology of my poems and leaving it on a shelf, so I could share with others the way I felt when my eyes first met those wonderful sights.
:{{A|vo kazuha saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But when I looked back at the drivel I'd written, I gave up on the idea. I'm sure other travelers will get that same sense of peace from the natural world as I did, if it's meant to be.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kazuha saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I don't believe anyone enjoys taking up arms and going to war unless they're seeking to fulfil some other desire.
:{{A|vo kazuha saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Whenever the sound of clashing blades fades into the distance, I appreciate the silence that follows all the more.
:{{A|vo kazuha saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Too quiet for you? Then I'll play a tune on the leaf, so you can be surrounded with the sound of nature.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Kaeya==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kaeya saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Launching a direct offensive doesn't sound like the wisest strategy when we're up against powerful beings.
:{{A|vo kaeya saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' That said, I'd sure like to spectate and see how things play out... Oh wait, I almost forgot &mdash; I'm supposed to be one of the ones doing the fighting.
:{{A|vo kaeya saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Heh. Alright, don't worry, {{Traveler}}. I'll start taking this seriously.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kaeya saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' If I know you, you won't stop until you've plumbed the depths of this domain and uncovered every secret it hides.
:{{A|vo kaeya saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Don't get me wrong, I have nothing but admiration for the people who see things through to the end, whatever path they're on.
:{{A|vo kaeya saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' But you never know what price you'll have to pay to reach your destination. The unfortunate reality is, it's up to the whims of fate.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kaeya saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Do you wanna know the trick to drinking hard liquor, {{Traveler}}? It's all about pacing yourself.
:{{A|vo kaeya saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Take a small sip, then give your tastebuds some time to rest. The burning sensation spreads to your lips, then the aftertaste kicks in. Once you can take a breath in without tasting anything, then you can take your next sip.
:{{A|vo kaeya saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Stick to that pace, and even Death After Noon loses its power over you. I like to think that the same principle applies in combat.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Kamisato Ayaka==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ayaka saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Sometimes I worry that if I'm not careful, I might make a mistake that ends up putting you in even more danger.
:{{A|vo ayaka saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Once that thought enters my head, I start losing confidence in myself about the battles ahead...
:{{A|vo ayaka saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But I am determined to overcome my fears and focus on doing all I can when I'm fighting by your side, {{Traveler}}.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ayaka saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Stories from other lands are something new and precious to me. I cherish the opportunity to read them during our rest time. I hope I can finish them.
:{{A|vo ayaka saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Look at the wonderful printing, and the beautiful illustrations...
:{{A|vo ayaka saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh! Could we read some stories together? Only if you want, of course. There's a lot of interesting details I want to share with you.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ayaka saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Whoever owns this place is very thoughtful. It was kind of them to create such a perfect resting spot for us to unwind after a long battle.
:{{A|vo ayaka saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Me? To be honest... My daily sword training is often tougher than this. I haven't reached my limit so far.
:{{A|vo ayaka saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But thank you for asking. It's nice that you care so much.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Kamisato Ayato==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ayato saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It is often unwise to engage fearsome foes with brute force alone.
:{{A|vo ayato saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The first step should always be to analyze your enemy. Identify the source of his strength &mdash; this will point you towards his weakness, then you can direct your energies more efficiently in combat.
:{{A|vo ayato saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Call it cunning, if you will, but there is no shame in this. Extraordinary feats are accomplished through extraordinary measures.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ayato saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I have heard that Mondstadt's deity makes few demands of his people. Whether they prosper or not, their fortunes are of their own making.
:{{A|vo ayato saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But is this a blessing or a poisoned chalice? In the quieter moments, I often find myself wondering what the merits of this approach to guardianship are...
:{{A|vo ayato saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Ah, sorry, it is hardly my place to criticize. I simply desire to protect everyone I can.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ayato saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' If ever you wish to rest without being interrupted by other people, there's a method I use occasionally that I can highly recommend.
:{{A|vo ayato saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Quite simply, fetch a brush and paper and start copying some poems. To the eye of the average observer, you will appear engrossed in official duties, and people will avoid disturbing you unless it's something particularly urgent.
:{{A|vo ayato saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Plus, the very practice of calligraphy induces a state of inner calm. Which is, of course, the main reason I recommend this technique.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Kaveh==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kaveh saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Are you doing alright? Take it from me, if you're getting fatigued, do something else for a while, take your mind off things. You definitely wanna avoid making any major decisions while you're not in the right mental state.
:{{A|vo kaveh saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Oh, don't get me wrong &mdash; I'm not suggesting you should give up. It was your choice to venture inside, so I'm sure you must want to fully explore it.
:{{A|vo kaveh saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' A project of this scale is a real test of endurance. Gotta keep your head in the game. So do I.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kaveh saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' They say that every story reflects something about the writer's hopes and dreams. So reading the story gives you a window into the author's mind.
:{{A|vo kaveh saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hmm? ...An autobiography? Me!? Uargh!
:{{A|vo kaveh saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' The idea of my life story as a book... Yeah, not a fun read. No way...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kaveh saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I can see that a great deal of thought was put in to the interior design of this space. They knew it'd be used as a temporary rest point, and made sure it was suited for that purpose.
:{{A|vo kaveh saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Different areas with different functions to accommodate a range of visitors and interests... but a consistent theme with the choice of colors and furnishings &mdash; cozy and comfortable.
:{{A|vo kaveh saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I could really go for a cup of coffee right now.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Keqing==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo keqing saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Our foes grow in strength, but that isn't entirely a bad thing.
:{{A|vo keqing saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' You need constant challenges to keep your skills strong and your judgment sharp &mdash; otherwise, you lose your edge. There's no useful experienced to be gleaned from plateauing.
:{{A|vo keqing saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' We've got each other's backs. So let's push ourselves today.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo keqing saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' If we wish to forge a new future, we cannot expect to stick to the same path trod by our forebears.
:{{A|vo keqing saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' And yet, many of the principles put forth in ancient writings are versatile in their application. So it is wise to be versed in the past as we consider the future.
:{{A|vo keqing saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' These days, I tend to take a look at any relevant historical records whenever I have an important decision to make. I always find it helps me come up with some good ideas.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo keqing saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' I used to believe that once I'd made up my mind to do something, I should act immediately and complete the work in the shortest timeframe possible.
:{{A|vo keqing saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' But I found that my assistants rarely lasted more than 3 months on the job, and the constant turnover took a toll on our operational efficiency.
:{{A|vo keqing saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' Eventually, of course, I came to realize that getting adequate rest actually improves productivity in the long term.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Kinich==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kinich saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I gather information first by force of habit. But this Domain is constantly shifting, making it difficult to get a holistic view. We should be careful as we progress.
:{{A|vo ajaw saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Ohohoho, lost your nerve, have you, Kinich? And here I thought you were an adrenaline junkie!
:{{A|vo ajaw saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' The Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw perceives that ahead lies an extremely extreme "challenge" with your name on it! Surely you wouldn't want such a fantastic opportunity to slip through your fingers and into the grasp of another? Hehehehe...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ajaw saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Oh for the love of&mdash; What kind of third-rate literary landfill is this? Not one single volume in the whole crummy place extols the illustrious, incomparable achievements of the Almighty Dragonlord, K'uhul Ajaw!
:{{A|vo kinich saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' Save your strength. You know your station.
:{{A|vo kinich saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' In the end, most of these are no more than the shallow opinions of others. I'd advise you not to halt your journey on their account. It's not worth it.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ajaw saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Waiting for the monsters to die of old age, Kinich? Or did they pound that thick skull of yours into the ground enough that even you decided to just find a cozy little corner to play dead in?
:{{A|vo kinich saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Kinich:''' I seem to recall that your face was the one being used as a mop.
:{{A|vo ajaw saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Ajaw:''' Wha... M&mdash;Mere hallucinations, born of your exhaustion! Why, I remain full of spit and vinegar!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Kirara==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kirara saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Are you thinking up ways to beat up those monsters? 'Cause I have a suggestion for you!
:{{A|vo kirara saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' You just need to sneak up behind them, lay low, wait till they're not looking... and then POUNCE!
:{{A|vo kirara saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Huh? You don't like it? But it works on even the sneakiest squirrels, I swear...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kirara saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Compared to turning the pages myself and hearing that rustling sound, I prefer it when someone reads the story to me.
:{{A|vo kirara saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' I like to lie down on someone's warm, soft lap, close my eyes, curl up, and lose myself in the story...
:{{A|vo kirara saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' ...Staring at you? N&mdash;No I wasn't...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kirara saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' Is there a box around here I could borrow? You know, big square box, with that fresh cardboard smell...
:{{A|vo kirara saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' I just thought I might take a quick nap, since we're not busy right now... is that alright?
:{{A|vo kirara saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Kirara:''' I promise I'll take great care of it! Just like I take care of every parcel I ever deliver.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Klee==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo klee saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' How big do the monsters here get? Maybe... even bigger than the highest tree in the Whispering Woods?
:{{A|vo klee saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Anyway, there's no need to worry! I've made an even bigger bomb!
:{{A|vo klee saferoom challenge 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee saferoom challenge 03b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Da-da-da~ Klee to the rescue, clearing the way for {{MC|m=Mr. Honorary Knight|f=Miss Honorary Knight}}!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo klee saferoom others 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee saferoom others 01b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' {{MC|m=Mr. Honorary Knight|f=Miss Honorary Knight}}! Guess what I found? Loads of stories that Mommy used to read to me!
:{{A|vo klee saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Whenever I shouted out, "Nooo, we can't let that happen!" Mommy would give me a pen and paper and let me finish the rest of the story myself.
:{{A|vo klee saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Klee:''' By climbing through the window, or popping out from a nearby bush, or coming down from a tree... I always found a way to bring Dodoco into the story!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo klee saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Klee:''' Kaeya once told me that if I spend too much time playing in one day without resting, I'll be too tired to play the next day, and I'll miss out on all the fun.
:{{A|vo klee saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Klee:''' So I decided: When the sun gets up, I'll get up, and when the sun goes to bed, I'll go to bed. That way, I'll always be full of energy!
:{{A|vo klee saferoom rest 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo klee saferoom rest 03b.ogg}} '''Klee:''' You should do what Kaeya says too, {{MC|m=Mr. Honorary Knight|f=Miss Honorary Knight}}!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Kujou Sara==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kujousara saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' As a general, I must never break under pressure. I must remain calm and composed at all times, and respond diligently to the changing situation on the battlefield, adjusting my strategy and cautiously redeploying my troops as necessary.
:{{A|vo kujousara saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' As long as everyone works together towards victory, victory is possible even in the most difficult of battles.
:{{A|vo kujousara saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Today, the task of planning the operation falls to you. You may use my experience as a reference if you find it useful.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kujousara saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I wonder if the Almighty Shogun would enjoy the books here...
:{{A|vo kujousara saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' It's common courtesy to return from one's travels bearing gifts for one's acquaintances, so I'm sure the Almighty Shogun will not refuse my offering. In which case, perhaps I shall purchase five books in my own name to take back with me...
:{{A|vo kujousara saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But of course, all this depends on whether the management of this place is amenable to my request to buy the books.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kujousara saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' To me, battle signifies a duty and responsibility that cannot be shirked.
:{{A|vo kujousara saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But I do cherish the times when there is a brief lull in the fighting. I use this time to hone my skills through training.
:{{A|vo kujousara saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Right now, I intend to engage in a kind of training known as "rest and recovery," which consists of five sets of deep breaths.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Kuki Shinobu==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo shinobu saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' You can leave the trickier opponents to me.
:{{A|vo shinobu saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' You did invite me here, after all, so I'll do my part for the cause, no problem.
:{{A|vo shinobu saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' As for what part that'll be exactly, arrange that however you wish. I can handle it.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo shinobu saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I do hope I'll get to read a story about a rebellious princess. You know, the type who sheds her long, cumbersome skirts, and learns equestrianism, swordplay... perhaps even medicine.
:{{A|vo shinobu saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' She'll live freely, take to the field to defeat evil personally, and defend the people and nation by her own hand...
:{{A|vo shinobu saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...Hmm. You know what? I might just write that story myself.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo shinobu saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Don't be too weirded out if you see me with my mask off while we rest. I'm just getting some fresh air.
:{{A|vo shinobu saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' This place is way too idle, it gets to you after a while... Got to take some deep breaths.
:{{A|vo shinobu saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Not that I'm rushing you, of course. I'll wait until you've made your preparations in full.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Lan Yan==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lanyan saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' The monsters here are a real tricky bunch... Why don't we switch up our strategy a little? That could catch them off guard.
:{{A|vo lanyan saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I'll leave the details up to you, though, since you're the one with the combat expertise.
:{{A|vo lanyan saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Whatever approach you decide, I'll follow it to the letter. I promise to be as nimble and agile as a swallow, so I'll never be a burden.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lanyan saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I couldn't find any tales of the supernatural here. But I think I may have found something even more interesting...
:{{A|vo lanyan saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' See these? Both the art style and the prose would make you think they're written for children, and yet...
:{{A|vo lanyan saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' I just get this uncanny feeling after reading them, it's hard to describe, but... Ugh, I think I need to start by reading them a few more times.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lanyan saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Did you know? The eight-hour stretch just before sunrise is the second-best time in the day to sleep.
:{{A|vo lanyan saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' ...Now you're probably wondering when the best time of all is.
:{{A|vo lanyan saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Lan Yan:''' Whenever you feel tired, of course! No matter what time of day it is, if you're feeling tired you should give yourself a break and take a nap. That's what I do.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Layla==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo layla saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I gathered the available data, did some analysis, and came up with some more effective battle strategies... Oh, I should write them down for her...
:{{A|vo layla saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I wonder if she'll be surprised when she wakes up?
:{{A|vo layla saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Well, sleepwalking time's almost up. Keep an eye on her in battle, won't you?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo layla saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Maybe it would be nice to read something a little lighter for once. It would be a nice break from the academic texts I usually read &mdash; they give me such a headache.
:{{A|vo layla saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm... Actually, maybe not. I can't afford to relax yet, or I'll end up missing my next thesis deadline...
:{{A|vo layla saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I can't just rely on "The Stars' Blessing" to see me through. I have to put in the work myself!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo layla saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's rest time now, right? Why can't I get to sleep...
:{{A|vo layla saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Wait, no! That was it &mdash; we have something important to do in a minute, right...? Yeah, I can't sleep now!
:{{A|vo layla saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ugh, but if I'm not well-rested when we head off, I'm gonna mess things up for sure. I really don't know what to do...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Lisa==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lisa saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Hey, cutie. Heading back in? You know, the further in we go, the tougher the monsters are going to get...
:{{A|vo lisa saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' But you've got nothing to worry about. I know every monster's weak spot like the back of my hand &mdash; I've read everything there is to know on the topic.
:{{A|vo lisa saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' So if you need someone to teach them a lesson, just let me know.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lisa saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' When knowledge is condensed into written form, it is always limited by the writer's perspective and interests.
:{{A|vo lisa saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' So if we want to learn the truth of this mysterious domain, we'll just have to explore it for ourselves.
:{{A|vo lisa saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' But then again, I'm lucky that I get to do the exploring together with my cutie.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lisa saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Ah, it's a rare treat to have a little time to laze around, and not have to think about all the fighting and killing.
:{{A|vo lisa saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Still, even lazing around isn't much fun on your own.
:{{A|vo lisa saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Lisa:''' Do you wanna keep me company for a bit, cutie? I can read you a story if you'd like.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Lynette==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lynette saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' Looks like delving into this domain is gonna be challenging.
:{{A|vo lynette saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' As a magician's assistant, what I'm good at is executing a specific plan. And trying not to make any mistakes in the process.
:{{A|vo lynette saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' So, do you have a plan in place for showtime, {{Traveler}}?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lynette saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' It seems like stories are highly valued here, right?
:{{A|vo lynette saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' From what I remember, most stories are just a bunch of lies made up by adults.
:{{A|vo lynette saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' I still made sure to listen along all beady-eyed when someone was telling a story, though. Apparently, kids who are too smart get on people's nerves.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lynette saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' A short break with a cup of tea is the best way to wash away all your fatigue.
:{{A|vo lynette saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' My teacup is hidden just behind this card.
:{{A|vo lynette saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Lynette:''' You're staring... Are you trying to say you want some tea, too?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Lyney==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lyney saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' The battles ahead are not gonna be easy. Look me in the eyes, and answer me this: Are you worried?
:{{A|vo lyney saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Well... If magic is all about achieving the impossible, right before people's very eyes... Don't you think the best magician in the land might stand a chance of pulling that off even outside of a magic show?
:{{A|vo lyney saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' What do you say? Are you ready to team up with the Great Magician Lyney, and see if we can't perform some miracles out there?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lyney saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I'm sure Freminet would love this book collection. He's someone who really sees the truth in fairytales, and believes in the world of childhood wonder they're set in.
:{{A|vo lyney saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I do understand the way he thinks, but...
:{{A|vo lyney saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' ...The fairytale of childhood is nothing but a distant memory to me now.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo lyney saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Two questions: Have you got a moment? And if so, would you like to see a magic trick?
:{{A|vo lyney saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Consider it... a rehearsal. Or simply a little light entertainment to lift the mood.
:{{A|vo lyney saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Which deck of cards shall I go with.... Ah yes, this one suits the occasion!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Mavuika==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mavuika saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' What a wondrous place this is... You never know what the next challenge is gonna throw at you, hehe...
:{{A|vo mavuika saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Hmm? I sound excited? Well, yeah. I mean, seeking out challenges is pretty much my main hobby.
:{{A|vo mavuika saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' This place is like paradise to me. I'm really enjoying my time here.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mavuika saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' It seems like everything that happens here gets recorded in the form of a play.
:{{A|vo mavuika saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' But who is behind all of this? Someone passionate about records and legacy, I guess?
:{{A|vo mavuika saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Anyway, I like the fact that the records are available to view any time. It'll be interesting to look back on them in the future, and see what hindsight brings to the equation.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mavuika saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' How are you feeling? Getting used to the style of combat here?
:{{A|vo mavuika saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' I gotta say, I'm growing to like this place. There are fun surprises everywhere, and it just feels free of any stress or tension.
:{{A|vo mavuika saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Mavuika:''' Let's take a short break, then dive in to the next challenge.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Mika==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mika saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Exploring this domain is no easy task, but please don't worry &mdash; I won't let everyone down!
:{{A|vo mika saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' The Grand Master once told me that so long as I play to my strengths and contribute to the team, I'm doing my duty.
:{{A|vo mika saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Mika:''' I'll do my best. And I'm sure everyone else will do their part, too!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mika saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Mondstadt has changed so much in the short time I've been gone...
:{{A|vo mika saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' Oh &mdash; I don't mean that I don't like the way things are now. I guess I just get a little nostalgic for the days I spent with the Grand Master's expedition sometimes.
:{{A|vo mika saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Mika:''' I wonder where they're all up to now? And whether they need any new maps...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mika saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Mika:''' A preliminary survey must be performed before delving into a domain. But here... hmm...
:{{A|vo mika saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Mika:''' If you don't mind resting here for while more, I might be able to go and gather some useful intelligence, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo mika saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Mika:''' I'm nowhere near as good in combat as the others... But I wanna make sure I do my part!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Mona==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mona saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh, don't give me that look. I can't give you any astrology-based advice in here.
:{{A|vo mona saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' What do you mean, why not? Look around you. Do you see any starlight in here? My scryglass has been completely undecipherable since the moment we arrived.
:{{A|vo mona saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' But I can still be of assistance in other ways, of course. My profound powers of prediction extend beyond astrology.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mona saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh, you've got to be kidding me...! I just found a fairytale in one of these books that the old hag told me once...
:{{A|vo mona saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' She said that she was the one who wrote it, and no one else in the whole world knew the story...
:{{A|vo mona saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' So... that was just another one of her tall tales, hmm? Ugh, and you know what else she did? She handed it to me, saying she wanted to give her disciple a gift that was the only one of its kind in the whole world... I cannot believe that woman!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mona saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I for one definitely need some rest... I'm aching all over.
:{{A|vo mona saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You should sit yourself down and take a rest too, you know. The chance won't come by very often.
:{{A|vo mona saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' And who knows how long it'll be before we reach the end of this domain. We simply have to conserve our strength &mdash; that much is indisputable.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Mualani==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mualani saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' The challenges this Domain poses are way different from the Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame, but we're winning this &mdash; that I'm sure of.
:{{A|vo mualani saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' After all, no matter what we face, "no one fights alone." That'll never change!
:{{A|vo mualani saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Pre-departure rituals are important! Put your hand on mine, and say it with me: "Fight, fight, fight! Victory's in sight!"
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mualani saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I just can't stop reading... So many different travelogs and chronicles of adventures, and they're all...so... fascinating!
:{{A|vo mualani saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Some of the stuff in here is so blatantly over the top that even I can't help but wonder if it's made up...
:{{A|vo mualani saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That settles it! As soon as I get the chance, I'll go see for myself! "Seeing is believing"! Right?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mualani saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' Rest well now, start well later, am I right? In my experience, a good night's sleep does way more for recovery than the finest meal...
:{{A|vo mualani saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' I've weighed up the surrounding area, our timing, and everyone's condition. My conclusion? It's time for a nap and some snacks.
:{{A|vo mualani saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Mualani:''' That's my suggestion as a guide from the "People of the Springs" &mdash; for your consideration.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Nahida==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo nahida saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I'm really curious to know what's at the end of this maze, too.
:{{A|vo nahida saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' And yes, I know that as we go further in, we're bound to meet tougher and tougher monsters, and maybe even suffer some setbacks along the way.
:{{A|vo nahida saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But after the winds and rain have passed, the saplings in the forest grow a little bigger and a little stronger. We'll only get to see the blue sky above the treetops if we keep pressing on, right?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo nahida saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Children have all sorts of wonderful dreams, with more colors than even the feathers of the Dusk Bird.
:{{A|vo nahida saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But once they grow up, their once-vibrant dreams slowly begin to fade.
:{{A|vo nahida saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Luckily, we can use the written word to make a record of our dreams before they disappear. Maybe, when it comes down to it, that's what fairytales are.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo nahida saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I don't much like spending time in places where there's nothing to do. It's like looking at a blank page in a book.
:{{A|vo nahida saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But since you're here, maybe we can liven things up a little to make this time more meaningful.
:{{A|vo nahida saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Like... Ooh, we could share some stories with each other before we set off again.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Navia==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo navia saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' We'll have to break out the big guns if we wanna show those domain-dwellers who's boss.
:{{A|vo navia saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...Heh, that didn't sound so different from something I might say in a Spina meeting.
:{{A|vo navia saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I guess it's the same job, at the end of the day: Getting thugs and bullies to eat some humble pie. It's the only way they'll ever learn some manners.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo navia saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I'm assuming that the books here aren't for lending out...?
:{{A|vo navia saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' In that case, I guess I'll have to read as much as I can while I'm here and take detailed notes on the best stories. I'm sure the children of Poisson would love to hear them.
:{{A|vo navia saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Also... I noticed that some of the "fairy tales" here really aren't suitable for children at all... Makes me curious what sort of quirky person could've written them, haha.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo navia saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Since we're having a break, how about we enjoy some sweet treats?
:{{A|vo navia saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' If you want my recommendation, I'd say lemon cheesecake is the perfect choice for this occasion! Unlike Macarons, it has a tartness to it as well as the sweetness, which excites the tastebuds and keeps you awake and alert.
:{{A|vo navia saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' That way, we won't fall asleep reading!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Neuvillette==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo neuvillette saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' This is not the first battle, nor will it be the last... The battle must go on until the moment you have reached your goal.
:{{A|vo neuvillette saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' This is a test of endurance, a quality I find most admirable in those who possess it.
:{{A|vo neuvillette saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Hmm? Working a job requires endurance too? Hmm... Yes, quite true, quite true...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo neuvillette saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I find this place very relaxing. I suppose it all comes down to the atmosphere here.
:{{A|vo neuvillette saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It is quiet, but not desolate. And I must say, the interior is most suitably furnished.
:{{A|vo neuvillette saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I would go so far as to say that the owner has superb taste.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo neuvillette saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Ah, a lounge. Very good. I approve.
:{{A|vo neuvillette saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You think it's too quiet here? I find it quite to my satisfaction. It is an ideal place to rest and enjoy a little leisure time.
:{{A|vo neuvillette saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' My only quibble is the sheer volume of books here... One can only imagine how long it would take to read them all.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Nilou==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo nilou saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' In a funny way, what you're doing here in this domain reminds me of my dance practice at the Grand Bazaar.
:{{A|vo nilou saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Maybe you dance with danger, and I dance for artistic reasons... But we both share the same desire to perform our best.
:{{A|vo nilou saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Of course, this is your show. So in here... you lead, and I'll follow.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo nilou saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Ahh, warm lighting, fun stories to read... It's perfect. Oh, not that there's anything wrong with the House of Daena, of course.
:{{A|vo nilou saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' It's just that... The books there are pretty tough-going, and I tend to get so sleepy reading them that no amount of balloons can help me. And then I usually start getting hungry...
:{{A|vo nilou saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I think... Maybe the fairytales here are more my kind of thing.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo nilou saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Since we have some rest time, you should make sure to give your body and mind a proper break. Remember the relaxation technique I taught you previously? You know, the one where you blow your sleepiness into a balloon?
:{{A|vo nilou saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Huh...? Too much sleepiness for one balloon? Okay fine, you can use mine instead. Come on! Imagine there's a huge balloon in my hands. Take a deep breath, and blow!
:{{A|vo nilou saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' There you go! See, now doesn't that feel better?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Ningguang==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ningguang saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' You have personally invited me to journey with you. What reason would I have to refuse?
:{{A|vo ningguang saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Still, as we explore this domain further, I do intend to take the opportunity to gather some more intelligence.
:{{A|vo ningguang saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Knowledge is power. Why gamble with loose change when you could own the bank vaults?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ningguang saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' All the great works of literature, the city streets full of charm and character... Without a strong economic foundation, they're just wishful thinking.
:{{A|vo ningguang saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Now that I have amassed a great fortune, when I sit down at night and look down over the world below, I wonder what ways I could use my wealth.
:{{A|vo ningguang saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' After accepting your invitation to come here, I now have a new answer: A library for children, free of charge... I think that could be a good choice.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo ningguang saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' This is truly a place of endless mystery... We don't even know what jurisdiction it belongs to...
:{{A|vo ningguang saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If I could collect a soil sample, or make a record of the furnishing style, then take it back and do some investigation... Perhaps I could find some answers.
:{{A|vo ningguang saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' What am I doing? Why, resting, of course. But also thinking things over. The two are quite compatible.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Noelle==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo noelle saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Thank you for inviting me to join your domain exploration team, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo noelle saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I have to learn to defeat powerful enemies if I want to become a knight.
:{{A|vo noelle saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' When it's time to go into battle, I will give it everything I have!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo noelle saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I've finished cleaning the place, and nobody needs my help right now...
:{{A|vo noelle saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' The dishes are washed, and the coffee and snacks I prepared as a thank-you gift are ready to serve...
:{{A|vo noelle saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' If it's not too much of an imposition, would you mind giving me some guidance on my sword work, {{Traveler}}?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo noelle saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' The floorboards need sweeping, the rugs need washing, maybe even replacing, and as for all those books on the shelves... Looks like they could do with someone going through and organizing them a little better.
:{{A|vo noelle saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' You should go rest, leave all that to me!
:{{A|vo noelle saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm? Pushing myself too hard? No I'm not! This is my way of relaxing.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Ororon==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo olorun saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' This domain is constantly changing, and the danger constantly evolving.. So I have something for you.
:{{A|vo olorun saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' This is what we call the "three warnings." Be wary of beasts prowling around, scammers looking for their next victim, and strange people who appear out of nowhere.
:{{A|vo olorun saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You'd best learn that by heart &mdash; it might come in handy someday.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo olorun saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' The records here are fascinating, like the clouds in the sky that lie beyond reach. They contain so much information.
:{{A|vo olorun saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' It would take a real genius to turn all of this into a woven scroll.
:{{A|vo olorun saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Please don't look at me so... expectantly. I... don't think that's something I could manage myself. Sorry about that.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo olorun saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Thanks for bringing me here. It's so peaceful &mdash; the perfect place to meditate.
:{{A|vo olorun saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Though there's nothing I really need to think about right now... I might end up nodding off.
:{{A|vo olorun saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' But don't worry, I'll just have to think of something worth thinking about instead...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Qiqi==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo qiqi saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' The mission is... defeat the monsters inside this domain.
:{{A|vo qiqi saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Order received. Order noted.
:{{A|vo qiqi saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' ...Oh yeah, one more order: Don't forget about the mission.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo qiqi saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Stories? What are those?
:{{A|vo qiqi saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Does writing them down mean you won't forget them?
:{{A|vo qiqi saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Are there any stories about Qiqi?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo qiqi saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' Oh... So it's not time for the battle yet?
:{{A|vo qiqi saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' If you aren't busy, let's do some stretches together.
:{{A|vo qiqi saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Qiqi:''' We mustn't forget to stretch, because otherwise... Hmm. I forgot why.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Raiden Shogun==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo raidenei saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I know you are a formidable warrior. But we must not underestimate the monsters in this domain. They seem to come in endless waves.
:{{A|vo raidenei saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Nor should you be afraid. I am here to answer your call, and I will stay by your side until every mystery here has been uncovered.
:{{A|vo raidenei saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' With this blade, I shall slay any foe that comes our way.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo raidenei saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Will you join me in a game of karuta? It is a fine way to spend leisure time. It will help us both relax, while keeping me sharp and focused.
:{{A|vo raidenei saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The only thing is... It is customary for the winner to be awarded with confectionery, but I do not know whether it can be brought in here...
:{{A|vo raidenei saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hmm, in that case... We can celebrate the victor at the Sacred Sakura some other time. Now, are you ready to be humbled?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo raidenei saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's not often that I have the chance to take a rest before the battle is truly over.
:{{A|vo raidenei saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I keep asking myself, "Can I really afford to take a rest yet?" And if there are still monsters that have not yet been vanquished, the answer is no &mdash; I cannot stop now.
:{{A|vo raidenei saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...You'd like to join me in a moment of meditation? Oh, alright. Close your eyes. Now, join me in turning your gaze inward, to the deepest part of your being...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Razor==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo razor saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Many enemies ahead, but, do not fear.
:{{A|vo razor saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Razor protect friends.
:{{A|vo razor saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Razor fight with lupical.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo razor saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Teacher... tell me stories from books before.
:{{A|vo razor saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Stories do not have smell.
:{{A|vo razor saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Cannot guess the ending.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo razor saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Run for a long time... Tired.
:{{A|vo razor saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' This place, safe. Good spot, to rest.
:{{A|vo razor saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Here, no meat. A pity...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Rosaria==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo rosaria saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' You're assembling a team with the goal of defeating all enemies within this domain, right?
:{{A|vo rosaria saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Sounds like what I do best. Count me in.
:{{A|vo rosaria saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Shouldn't we get a move on? Don't let it get too late. You know what my thoughts are on overtime.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo rosaria saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' If you've got any work planned for this evening, I politely decline.
:{{A|vo rosaria saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I just finished some extremely grisly work, so I at least need to give myself a little break first.
:{{A|vo rosaria saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' What kind of grisly? I intend to keep that to myself. Nothing to be happy about, that's for sure. The less you know, the better.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo rosaria saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' It's a shame that I'm not allowed to drink in this place.
:{{A|vo rosaria saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' But at least I don't have to deal with the sisters from the church fretting over every little thing. So it's got that going for it.
:{{A|vo rosaria saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' You're not under any time pressure to get things wrapped up here, right? Well, then here's what I suggest: Forget going into battle. Let's take it easy for a bit.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Sangonomiya Kokomi==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kokomi saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' There are so many different kinds of enemies here. We have to think carefully about how to allocate our troops.
:{{A|vo kokomi saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' If you'd like, I can help you analyze the situation, and make some strategic suggestions.
:{{A|vo kokomi saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Or... I could even write a few directives for you. Of course, whether or not they get used... hehe, well, that'll be your decision.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kokomi saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' It's a rare treat for me, being able to read undisturbed in a quiet place like this.
:{{A|vo kokomi saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' On Watatsumi Island, as the Divine Priestess, every action I take is the subject of scrutiny and speculation. I have to show some restraint so that my personal preferences don't unduly influence everyone else.
:{{A|vo kokomi saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' But here, I feel like I can relax a little. Umm... You won't mind if I suddenly laugh out loud while I'm reading, will you?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kokomi saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I used to use my rest time to review documents, but... that was when we were at war.
:{{A|vo kokomi saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Given that there's no time pressure here, I prefer to take things at a slower pace, and make sure to rest and recover my energy in between battles.
:{{A|vo kokomi saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' After all, exhaustion is one of the deadliest enemies you can encounter on the battlefield.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Sayu==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sayu saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' The enemies are pretty tough, right? So you'd probably be better off taking some of your stronger friends...
:{{A|vo sayu saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Uhh... No, I'm not being lazy, it's just... my ninjutsu isn't really meant for fighting...
:{{A|vo sayu saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Lemme sleep a bit more, just until I get a little bit taller, and then I'm sure I can... Zzz...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sayu saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' So quiet, and cozy... This is a really great place to catch up on sleep.
:{{A|vo sayu saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Oh, yeah &mdash; please don't tell Lady Guuji I'm here... If she finds out, I'm toast!
:{{A|vo sayu saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' If there are no more battles today, can I chill out here a little longer?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sayu saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' *snore*... *snore*...
:{{A|vo sayu saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Hmm...? A mission?
:{{A|vo sayu saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Sayu:''' Gimme ten more minutes, just ten more... Zzz...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Sethos==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sethos saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' You know how merchants in a hurry sometimes dangle a little food in front of their Sumpter Beast's face, right? To get them to move faster?
:{{A|vo sethos saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' I think people are the same way. Give them a little hope, and they can achieve a whole lot more. Take their hope away, and they never seem to succeed.
:{{A|vo sethos saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' So, I'll explore this place with you to the end. Let's never stop hoping for victory.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sethos saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Kay, I've brought water and some rations. Later on, we can build a fire and grill some meat.
:{{A|vo sethos saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Hmm? You think we should be safe enough here?
:{{A|vo sethos saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Haha, well yeah, I know! That's why I figured this would be a great place for a picnic. The battles are important, but we should take some time to relax first.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sethos saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' We're free agents now, right? Great. Well, I think I'll stick around here for a bit, you wanna join me?
:{{A|vo sethos saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' Hmm... Actually, this is a pretty nice place. If I brought some of my people here, I'm sure the kids would enjoy playing hide-and-seek.
:{{A|vo sethos saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Sethos:''' ...There must be quite a story behind this place. It's so vast and mysterious.

==Shenhe==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo shenhe saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Exploring domains is an arduous task. There's always something unpleasant waiting for you up ahead &mdash; either monsters and demons, or bandits and thugs.
:{{A|vo shenhe saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' But I am fated to tread a treacherous path. What difference does a few extra battles make?
:{{A|vo shenhe saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' When the battle starts, let me clear a path. That way, at least, I will do some good.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo shenhe saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I have heard that books harbor the author's emotions.
:{{A|vo shenhe saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' If I spend some time reading them, will it help me understand human emotions better?
:{{A|vo shenhe saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Do you have any recommendations?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo shenhe saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Whenever my mind becomes agitated, Master encourages me to sit, meditate, and let go of all troubling thoughts.
:{{A|vo shenhe saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' If I lose touch with the real me inside, all that's left is the urge to slay, which makes me a risk to everyone around me...
:{{A|vo shenhe saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I do not wish to see that happen.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Shikanoin Heizou==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo heizou saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The way I see it, the use of force to subdue one's foes should always be a last resort.
:{{A|vo heizou saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' With enough careful planning and preparation, you can set things up so that by the time you have to confront your enemy, they fall to pieces in your hands. Saves a lot of time that way.
:{{A|vo heizou saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Unfortunately, the tables are turned on us here. We're the challengers, and the one pulling the strings is hiding out of our reach.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo heizou saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' The books here are really interesting. They're full of twists and turns that all but defy even my intuition.
:{{A|vo heizou saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I can't help but think this domain is a detective's mortal foe... Without a crime, there can be no deduction, and even the greatest storms simply rage on unchecked...
:{{A|vo heizou saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' But then I remember that all this is to help you. And that's what makes this long grind worth it, right?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo heizou saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' My instincts say that this is a safe spot. Not the slightest whiff of lies or conspiracies.
:{{A|vo heizou saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Although to be honest, I wouldn't be averse to a little more atmosphere here &mdash; lightning flashing outside the windows, or a blizzard howling away... We could turn the lights off and tell some ghost stories.
:{{A|vo heizou saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Oh well, we don't always get what we want in life. So instead &mdash; pull up a chair, and let's get some rest.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Sigewinne==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sigewinne saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Being in this domain is just as exciting as watching a Pankration match... And who's been a brave, heroic champion? Mmhmm! That's right, you have!
:{{A|vo sigewinne saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Anyway, do you mind if I come with you next time?
:{{A|vo sigewinne saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Not that I doubt your fighting ability, of course. It's just... It's so much more dangerous in there than I ever imagined.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sigewinne saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I just read this line in a children's book: "Friendship takes sacrifice. Only through sacrifice can friendships be made."
:{{A|vo sigewinne saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I agree. And the same principle applies in other areas of life, too.
:{{A|vo sigewinne saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' It definitely applies to healthcare. If you wanna get healthy, there are things that you just have to sacrifice.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sigewinne saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' There doesn't appear to be a dedicated infirmary here... Well, you'll just have to rest here. Now, just relax...
:{{A|vo sigewinne saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' No serious wounds... Wonderful, you've been taking excellent care of yourself. Keep up the good work!
:{{A|vo sigewinne saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Since you're all clear, all you need to do is replenish your energy levels. I brought some nutritious shakes &mdash; here, take one.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Sucrose==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sucrose saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' What exactly lies in the deepest part of this domain? I actually have quite a few theories already...
:{{A|vo sucrose saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' But given all the monsters we keep finding, it looks like we have a tough road ahead before we can confirm the facts.
:{{A|vo sucrose saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Still, it'll all be worth it as long as we find the answer in the end. At least... that's what I think.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sucrose saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I once read a story about a wonderful paradise. Later on in life, it was also books that got me interested in studying alchemy.
:{{A|vo sucrose saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' It's funny, but even now, that storybook about paradise and my alchemy textbooks are right next to each other on the bookshelf next to my bed...
:{{A|vo sucrose saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' One day, I hope to break down the barriers between those books by using bio-alchemy to create that paradise for real.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo sucrose saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I wonder whether this potion I made has any potential combat applications...
:{{A|vo sucrose saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Oh! Don't worry, I understand that this isn't an appropriate location to conduct those kinds of experiments... It's too risky, and might do more harm than good if something went wrong.
:{{A|vo sucrose saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' It's just... hard to switch off and rest when all these hypotheses are swirling around in my brain... *sigh*
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tartaglia==
After completing [[Chapter IV]] of the [[Archon Quest]]s, [[Tartaglia]] will no longer appear in the Theater Lobby.

===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tartaglia saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' If you wanna become a true warrior, the strongest enemies are the ones you should be most excited about.
:{{A|vo tartaglia saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' After all, a gruesome, grisly fight to the death is one of the best ways to hone your skills.
:{{A|vo tartaglia saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' I honestly can't even get in the mood unless there's a bit of a challenge involved.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tartaglia saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Aside from all the children's books, I quite like some of the furnishings here. Like that Star Lamp, for example. I'm sure Tonia, Anthon, and Teucer would love it.
:{{A|vo tartaglia saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Okay, there's my intro: "My dear sister, I am writing to you from a rest stop in an ancient castle filled with star lamps"...
:{{A|vo tartaglia saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Hmm... Maybe that'll get them a little too intrigued? If they end up wanting to follow me here after reading this letter, then we'll be in trouble.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tartaglia saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Well, {{Traveler}}, you invited me to meet you here, so I'm guessing that means you're ready for a rematch?
:{{A|vo tartaglia saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' Haha, I'm just kidding, of course. This place is for resting, I wouldn't start a fight here &mdash; I do have some manners.
:{{A|vo tartaglia saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Tartaglia:''' I am getting a little restless here, though. Hope the next battle's a big one, I need a good workout.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Thoma==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo thoma saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' How're you feeling? Try not to worry too much about the next fight!
:{{A|vo thoma saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I've heard people say that having a good attitude actually benefits your health.
:{{A|vo thoma saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Even if spearmanship isn't my strong suit, I'll do my best to protect you in this battle!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo thoma saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' When I was little, my mother often read me bedtime stories. Back then, I thought the world was just like in those stories, and everyone led peaceful, happy lives.
:{{A|vo thoma saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' It was only later that I realized the difficulties and struggles many people face in society. All I can do is try my best, and stay loyal to the people I care about.
:{{A|vo thoma saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Now that I think about it, even though the stories are fictional, they can still help children get a good night's sleep. To me, that's enough.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo thoma saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Thanks for inviting me here, {{Traveler}}!
:{{A|vo thoma saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' If there's nothing too urgent that needs your attention, why not take a seat and relax for a bit? I'll make you some tea.
:{{A|vo thoma saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Oh, don't mention it, it's nothing, really! I'd hate to see anyone who needs my care tiring themselves out too much.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tighnari==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tighnari saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Just as knowledge is often acquired only through hands-on learning, victory is usually secured by overcoming a challenge.
:{{A|vo tighnari saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' In that sense, domain explorers are knowledge seekers too, just with a different methodology.
:{{A|vo tighnari saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Of course, it's not suited to everyone. I'd encourage people to stick to their own areas of expertise.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tighnari saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I imagine most people think of academia as so strict and rigorous that they think scholars are uninterested in works of fiction.
:{{A|vo tighnari saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' But in reality, if your thinking is too rigid, you're likely to get stuck in your research.
:{{A|vo tighnari saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yes, stories might be pure fabrications, but sometimes they can give us just the inspiration we need to move our research forward.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo tighnari saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hmm... Multiple scents, all mingled together... Looks like many people have used this place as a rest stop.
:{{A|vo tighnari saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hmm? ...There's a floral scent, you say?
:{{A|vo tighnari saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ah yes, that would be the plant-based essential oil I just applied. What do you think? Wanna check out my freshly groomed tail?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Varesa==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo varesa saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Back home, whenever I fight, it's to protect the people of the tribe. But here, it's more like... never-ending wrestling training.
:{{A|vo varesa saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' It means I can go all out without worrying about hurting anyone, and I don't get so angry about the injustice of it all. It's so... liberating!
:{{A|vo varesa saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' I'm sure that the more I challenge myself here, the stronger I'll become, and the closer I'll get to being like all the fearless heroes I look up to... Definitely gonna come here more often!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo varesa saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Don't forget to stretch your muscles and relax in between battles. Otherwise, the fatigue will only build up over time, until your limbs are all sore and stiff.
:{{A|vo varesa saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' I know some really good assisted stretches, but I've only done them with Coach Iansan before. She's the only one who can handle my strength...
:{{A|vo varesa saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' ...But I'm sure you can handle it too! How about I help you relax first, and then you help me with my stretching after?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo varesa saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' I love this place! It feels like we've just walked straight into a fairytale, where we're both dazzling warriors!
:{{A|vo varesa saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' But that seems to be as far as the magic goes... No invincibility or anything. It still hurts when I get hit, and I still get tired after fighting for too long.
:{{A|vo varesa saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' That means we can't just defeat all the enemies in one fell swoop. We'll have to pace ourselves and keep replenishing our energy. I brought plenty of Blazed Meat Stew &mdash; you want some?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Venti==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo venti saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' "When danger rose they overcame their foes, onward forging to the journey's end"...
:{{A|vo venti saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' My dear, courageous {{Traveler}}, if you will allow this humble bard to join you on your journey, it would be my honor to compose an epic poem to remember your deeds.
:{{A|vo venti saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I'm willing to bet a whole glass of Apple Cider that your story will be one for the ages!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo venti saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' There's a lot of fascinating stories in these books.
:{{A|vo venti saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Don't be put off by the dusty old pages. Give them a chance, and in the blink of an eye, these tales will waft into the air to the sound of the lyre, and blend into the sweetness of the breeze.
:{{A|vo venti saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Pick a story you like! Let's try it out!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo venti saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' So, a short rest before the big battle, huh? In that case, I think some light-hearted music is in order.
:{{A|vo venti saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Something easygoing enough to help everyone relax, but not to the point where it becomes too snoozeworthy.
:{{A|vo venti saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Take a seat wherever you like! Once you're comfortable, Der Frhling and I shall begin our serenade.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Wanderer==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo wanderer saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' You call crushing ants a "challenge"?
:{{A|vo wanderer saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' The novelty of these little scuffles quickly wore off for me &mdash; now it's just tedious. It amazes me that some people enjoy it so much.
:{{A|vo wanderer saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' Keep up if you want my help. I don't want to be stuck here all day.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo wanderer saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' No, I don't want to "chat."
:{{A|vo wanderer saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' What are you making that face for? I thought you knew my deal by now.
:{{A|vo wanderer saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' ...*sigh*. Fine. You can talk, and I'll sit over there and listen. Happy now?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo wanderer saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' You need a break already? Your travels sure have made you soft.
:{{A|vo wanderer saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' Can't we just go and get this over with? We're not fighting a trained army here. We'll run circles around those morons.
:{{A|vo wanderer saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' ...Alright, suit yourself. Just don't keep me waiting too long.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Wriothesley==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo wriothesley saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' If experience is anything to go by, the further in we go, the tougher our enemies will get.
:{{A|vo wriothesley saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' But even if they don't, getting all the way end isn't exactly gonna be a walk in the park.
:{{A|vo wriothesley saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Whichever way you cut it, we have to make sure we're fully prepared.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo wriothesley saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' There are worse ways to kill time than fairytales.
:{{A|vo wriothesley saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The simple wording, the childlike wonder, the romanticism &mdash; it all makes for some nice easy reading that doesn't require any brainpower.
:{{A|vo wriothesley saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Well, until you start noticing some of the more uncomfortable parallels between fantasy and reality.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo wriothesley saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' After taking a look around here, I'm wondering whether to expand our library at the Fortress of Meropide.
:{{A|vo wriothesley saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Hmm, then again, most of our collection consists of legal advice pamphlets and mechanics textbooks, which no one reads... So, maybe not.
:{{A|vo wriothesley saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' ...Novels? You're right, those would be more popular &mdash; that's also why you can never find them in the library. They disappear from the shelves instantly, never to be seen again...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Xiangling==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xiangling saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Are you tired? I know a trick that works great &mdash; imagine all the enemies you're facing as delicious ingredients!
:{{A|vo xiangling saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' With all that tender, delicious-smelling food nearby... Doesn't it just give you a big burst of energy?
:{{A|vo xiangling saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Huh? Hard to imagine? Hmm, maybe it's just me, then...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xiangling saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Only a handful of my more experimental dishes have made it onto the Wanmin Restaurant menu.
:{{A|vo xiangling saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' In most cases, it's because I think the texture isn't quite right, or the flavor needs a lot more work... But that doesn't mean I'm about to give up.
:{{A|vo xiangling saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I know there are tasty dishes out there waiting to be discovered, and I'll find them sooner or later!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xiangling saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I imagine you'll wanna keep fighting soon &mdash; do you want a bite to eat first? You know you love my cooking!
:{{A|vo xiangling saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' You should never work on an empty stomach! More importantly, a proper meal will put you in a good mood, and you'll handle yourself better in a crisis.
:{{A|vo xiangling saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Here, some chopsticks for ya. Don't be shy now, dig in!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Xianyun==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xianyun saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' The scoundrels who slink around in here are fools, all of them. To posture menacingly before mortals is one thing...
:{{A|vo xianyun saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' But to persist even after witnessing one's adeptus arts... It is sheer illiteracy in the face of manifestly legible writing on the wall.
:{{A|vo xianyun saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Hmph! These dullards would be no match even for one's two disciples, let alone oneself.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xianyun saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' When storytellers tell tales pertaining to oneself, they often resort to slapdash stitchwork derived from decrepit documents, garnished with a glut of aggrandizement.
:{{A|vo xianyun saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Entertaining, to be sure. But do not believe everything you hear. Of course, if you wish to hear the truth, you need only ask me.
:{{A|vo xianyun saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' ...In fact, one is suddenly reminded of an old tale. It begins with a gathering of the adepti at Jueyun Karst...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xianyun saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' This domain is filled with mystery, but one fears that we shall miss much if we are too hasty to proceed. Perhaps we could pause for a moment...
:{{A|vo xianyun saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Hmm... There is little of interest in this area, and if we were to while away the time through conversation... Our throats would surely grow parched...
:{{A|vo xianyun saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Shall one fashion a Supreme Tea-Brewing Machine one of these days? That way, the fragrance of tea shall be ours to enjoy wherever we please... Yes, a capital idea indeed...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Xiao==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xiao saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' The air grows thick with the stench of evil...
:{{A|vo xiao saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I could handle the upcoming battles on my own, but I know you wouldn't agree to it.
:{{A|vo xiao saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' So promise me at least that you will not let your guard down.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xiao saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' The legacy of the yakshas lives on in the historical records that tell our tales... Still, that brings no solace to me or my late comrades.
:{{A|vo xiao saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...
:{{A|vo xiao saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' But watching the Xiao Lanterns rise into the sky during the Lantern Rite... that is what brings me peace.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xiao saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Fighting monsters is nothing new to me.
:{{A|vo xiao saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' If anything... It is these brief periods of leisure between battles that I'm not accustomed to.
:{{A|vo xiao saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' No matter. If you need to rest, I will stay here with you until you are ready.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Xilonen==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xilonen saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I can go scout ahead if you want.
:{{A|vo xilonen saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You've seen me at full speed. When I go all out, no monster can catch me.
:{{A|vo xilonen saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Hmm, maybe we should go together just to be safe. Alright &mdash; lead the way.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xilonen saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I don't see anything like the woven scrolls we have in Natlan around here. The books on the shelves are all fairy tales.
:{{A|vo xilonen saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I don't think I can learn anything useful from this material...
:{{A|vo xilonen saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Hmm... Guess I'll just take a rock sample and analyze it back home.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xilonen saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Finally, a chance for a break. Let's find a place to sit down.
:{{A|vo xilonen saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Don't get too tense. There's no point stressing about things that haven't happened yet. Just focus on the here and now.
:{{A|vo xilonen saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Here, have a drink. Want some chocolate? Or milk candy, maybe?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Xingqiu==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xingqiu saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I have crossed paths with many a wicked foe in my time. When they come for you with knives in their hands and malice in their hearts, you cannot cower in fear, for this only emboldens them further.
:{{A|vo xingqiu saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' It is a hero's duty to seize victory with their sword, even in the most perilous of battles.
:{{A|vo xingqiu saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Although, things are different this time, because I'm not fighting alone... So let's watch each other's backs?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xingqiu saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' This little book is truly exceptional. The gripping plot is one thing, but the characters, wow... they're so well rounded. They really break the mold.
:{{A|vo xingqiu saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I can't thank you enough for inviting me to this incredible place, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo xingqiu saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' The next time I find a good novel, I'll make sure to get a copy for you.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xingqiu saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' There is a vast collection of books here. I took a moment to browse through earlier, and found a good number worth reading.
:{{A|vo xingqiu saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' If you're not presently occupied, why not take a seat? I'll fetch a few good books and you can see if there are any you like.
:{{A|vo xingqiu saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' A fine book on a busy day can provide a much-needed escape, even if just for a moment.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Xinyan==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xinyan saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Whenever I'm on stage, I always wanna push my music a little bit further, and make that one guitar riff even gnarlier!
:{{A|vo xinyan saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' A live gig is a different kind of beast than the ones we're facing here, that's for sure... But I ain't one to back down from a challenge.
:{{A|vo xinyan saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' When the crowd's waitin', you gotta get out there and face the music. Same applies here. So come on &mdash; time to do some shredding!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xinyan saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' If someone wrote me into a story, I don't think I'd be the little kiddos' favorite character.
:{{A|vo xinyan saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' People tend to judge others based on first impressions. And kids are too young to know any different, they just say whatever they're thinking... I'm well aware of that.
:{{A|vo xinyan saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' But that doesn't matter! Just you wait and see, I'll win 'em over with my music sooner or later!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xinyan saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You sure don't look like you're rarin' to go anywhere. Wanna listen to my new song?
:{{A|vo xinyan saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hmm... Although, this doesn't really seem like the right place for a rock 'n' roll concert...
:{{A|vo xinyan saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Let's talk about some of your adventuring highlights instead! They're pretty rock 'n' roll too!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Yae Miko==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yaemiko saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Dear me, is it time to go off and fight again already? All this running around is getting quite exasperating...
:{{A|vo yaemiko saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I have half a mind to transform into a kitsune and hitch a ride on your shoulder... Hehehe, you'd like that, wouldn't you?
:{{A|vo yaemiko saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' In your dreams. Oh, little one... you've still got a long way to go before Yae Miko, the wise and beautiful, permits you to see her true form.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yaemiko saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Do you think we'd ever see Ei in the outside world again if there were this many stories to read in her Plane of Euthymia? ...I, for one, rather doubt it.
:{{A|vo yaemiko saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm, I have an idea. Let's tell her that we know a wonderful little domain full of light novels and Tricolor Dango. It's high time she got out of Tenshukaku for a bit.
:{{A|vo yaemiko saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah yes, and Dango Milk too. ...Hmm? They don't have it here? Well, don't look at me, little one, that's your job. Sort it out. Where there's a will, there's a way.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yaemiko saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The novels here actually aren't all that bad. But a little fried tofu and a few drinks would make things better still...
:{{A|vo yaemiko saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So, little one, do you think you could pull a few strings and get your hands on some for me? Without them... I don't think I'll be able to muster the energy to help you explore this domain...
:{{A|vo yaemiko saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hahaha, oh, the look on your face, so dumbfounded... I'm joking, can't you tell? Do you really believe the great Lady Guuji herself would be so fickle?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Yanfei==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yanfei saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' If you think about it, you could define a "challenge" as a process that's difficult to get control over due to a lack of key information. Right?
:{{A|vo yanfei saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Example: What foes are we likely to encounter when exploring this domain? How many hostile encounters are likely to occur? And what available countermeasures can we use?
:{{A|vo yanfei saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Take the time to thoroughly consider all these questions. Then you'll find that reaching your goal is no longer a "challenge" at all.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yanfei saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Do you think that the way fairytales end is just whimsical? Or do you think the writers put a lot of thought into it?
:{{A|vo yanfei saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Because if you read them from the point of view of trying to identify what each character symbolically represents, you find a lot of very deep metaphors.
:{{A|vo yanfei saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Still, in order to verify my hypothesis and see if it stands up to scrutiny, I need to do some historical and cultural research... Maybe I could borrow some of these materials here so I can do a deep-dive later.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yanfei saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' This place is so quiet! It's a perfect place to brush up on my legal research and organize my notes.
:{{A|vo yanfei saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}, do you still remember those clauses I discussed with you once before?
:{{A|vo yanfei saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' You've already forgotten? Well, you'll just have to recite them over and over until you know them by heart.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Yaoyao==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yaoyao saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I sometimes have to face dangerous enemies when I'm out in the mountains gathering herbs. Like those greedy-gut Treasure Hoarders, or a boar in a bad mood.
:{{A|vo yaoyao saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I know that not everywhere is gonna be as peaceful as the place where I grew up with my mom and dad. And Master won't always there to protect me.
:{{A|vo yaoyao saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' That's why I practice the spear, even though I don't really like it. It's so I can drive those pesky varmints off all by myself!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yaoyao saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' The kinds of books that adults read have so many complicated ideas in them. I can't wrap my head around them no matter how hard I try.
:{{A|vo yaoyao saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Master says that there are many things I'll understand once I'm older.
:{{A|vo yaoyao saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' So does that mean that when you grow up, you understand the same things in a different way?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yaoyao saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' You look tired, do you need to take a rest?
:{{A|vo yaoyao saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' If you're feeling peckish, I've brought some Fried Radish Balls. I made them before we came here.
:{{A|vo yaoyao saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Try to take life at a slower pace &mdash; it's good for your health!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Yelan==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yelan saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' We've still got quite a few punishing battles ahead of us, don't we? You ready?
:{{A|vo yelan saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' If life gets too dull for too long, I start to feel numb inside. I need some excitement to make me feel alive.
:{{A|vo yelan saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Why don't I roll the dice? If I like the numbers I roll, we'll keep going... Could be a fun way to liven things up around here.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yelan saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' There are real people and real events out there that are more incredible than anything you'll find in fiction. Shame no one'll ever be allowed to write a book about it.
:{{A|vo yelan saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Curious? What if I told you that the things I'm referring to... no one'll ever be allowed to talk about, either?
:{{A|vo yelan saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hehe... Okay, we can chat about something that isn't top-secret information if you want... But we'll still have to go somewhere a little more private.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yelan saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' A safe house, huh... I'm not a fan of using safe houses that I haven't personally vetted and kitted out. But this is better than nothing.
:{{A|vo yelan saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Exploring this domain is one heck of a big job. Even if I wanted to get it over and done with in one go... Looks like neither the rules of this place nor my stamina would allow it.
:{{A|vo yelan saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You should conserve your energy too. Don't run yourself ragged, it's not worth it.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Yoimiya==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yoimiya saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' There are so many enemies here! If all of them were written into a youkai story, it'd be dark long before you finished just reading the names out!
:{{A|vo yoimiya saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But fear not! The Invincible Yoimiya is here to save you from the clutches of the evil youkai!
:{{A|vo yoimiya saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' ...Haha, okay, that was a little embarrassing... But I sounded pretty cool, right?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yoimiya saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You sure don't need to worry about me getting bored here. I'm spoiled for choice with all these books! I hardly know where to start!
:{{A|vo yoimiya saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I want to memorize all the interesting parts, so I can go back and tell them to my friends!
:{{A|vo yoimiya saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, right, that's another thing I meant to ask! Which of these books do you recommend? I want to know what kind of stories you're into!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yoimiya saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Want to get some shut-eye and rest for a bit? I'll keep you company!
:{{A|vo yoimiya saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Or... If you're not sleepy, how about we chat for a bit? Maybe I could tell you a story!
:{{A|vo yoimiya saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, sorry! Am I talking too much? Hehe, I just get so excited when I'm in a new place &mdash; I wanna see everything there is to see. I've always got the energy to explore!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Yumemizuki Mizuki==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mizuki saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' It's a completely different feeling... fighting here.
:{{A|vo mizuki saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' It's so different from dealing with nightmares. It almost feels like... dancing in a dream or enjoying some kind of impromptu performance.
:{{A|vo mizuki saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I suppose this is as good a place as any to get some combat experience. Once we're done here, we should go for a soak in the hot springs.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mizuki saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' If you think about it... Could this play be a part of a dream?
:{{A|vo mizuki saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Fascinating... Dreams tend to exist on a binary &mdash; either dark or light, with notes of bitterness or joy... Yet, this dream defies my attempts to understand it.
:{{A|vo mizuki saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' With you to guide me, I'm eager to venture further into this place and discover the colors at the heart of this dream.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mizuki saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Remember, there's no need to rush. Push yourself too hard, and all that stress will give you nightmares.
:{{A|vo mizuki saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' And nightmares will absolutely sap your energy!
:{{A|vo mizuki saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' So, take it easy. If your body's telling you to rest, you need to listen. You can take a nap right here next to me, how about that?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Yun Jin==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yunjin saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Take any character penned by any playwright from any point in history, and you'll find that not a single one of them fulfilled their destiny without first enduring many trials and tribulations.
:{{A|vo yunjin saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Though the road ahead is treacherous, fear not.
:{{A|vo yunjin saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' With the aid of our companions, and our wills united as one, we can surely overcome any obstacle.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yunjin saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Novels do have their poignant moments, but if I only read the text on the page, I can't help but feel like something is missing.
:{{A|vo yunjin saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It's only when I've brought a character to the stage that I'm truly able to feel all the emotions their story is meant to convey.
:{{A|vo yunjin saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' There's truth to the saying that you can't see the mountain for what it really is when you're standing at the peak. But there are also breathtaking views that can only be beheld if you scale the summit.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yunjin saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' In my eyes, battle is not unlike a performance: You must remain absolutely focused to avoid any errors. But all the enjoyment of performing isn't present in battle, so it inevitably gets tiring after a while.
:{{A|vo yunjin saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Take a moment and allow yourself to rest. We can have a nice chat over some refreshments and tea.
:{{A|vo yunjin saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Once we've replenished our strength, we will begin our next act, and teach those villains a lesson they won't ever forget.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Zhongli==
===Challenge===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo zhongli saferoom challenge 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I suspect battle is not the ultimate objective, but merely part of a process by which to advance towards a greater goal. Perhaps this place contains something you desire.
:{{A|vo zhongli saferoom challenge 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Let us proceed together, then. Whatever trial awaits us, we shall face it as one.
:{{A|vo zhongli saferoom challenge 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Should you find yourself gripped by fear or panic, simply retreat behind me and follow my lead.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Small-Talk===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo zhongli saferoom others 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' This place appears to be well-furnished. A long table, appropriate equipment for preparing tea... With enough people, a gathering could certainly be organized here.
:{{A|vo zhongli saferoom others 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' What say you to such a gathering?
:{{A|vo zhongli saferoom others 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It has been quite some time since we last spoke over tea. I believe a thorough retelling of your latest exploits is long overdue.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Resting===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo zhongli saferoom rest 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' This domain affords the opportunity for endless challenges while also providing an ample place to rest. Most fascinating indeed.
:{{A|vo zhongli saferoom rest 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It stands to reason that the creator of this realm holds lofty expectations for those who enter.
:{{A|vo zhongli saferoom rest 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Even the lengthiest of battles have their end. As for how long this one shall last, I suppose that remains to be discovered...
{{Dialogue End}}

[[Category:Game System Subpages]]

[[es:Teatro Fantasa/Voces]]
[[ja:/]]
[[vi:Nh Ht Gi Tng/Lng Ting]]