{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74676
|image         = Event Quest Imaginary Maze of True Heroes.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Record of Reflective Writing
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Souka; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Record of Reflective Writing]] Event.
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Imaginary Maze of True Heroes''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Record of Reflective Writing]] Event.

==Steps==
# Go to the garden in Mondstadt

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Next to a mysterious Domain in Mondstadt, you and Paimon run into an old friend. She seems to be preparing some kind of special event...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Souka in the garden)
:'''Souka:''' Hehe, I have a feeling...
:'''Souka:''' After everything, I've finally made it to the place where the story of those two legends began. Seeing how much I've given to be here...
:'''Souka:''' Surely fate will smile upon me too! It won't be long now before I'll meet them once more!
:'''Paimon:''' What's that person rambling on about? Judging from how she's dressed, she doesn't seem to be from Mondstadt... D'you think she's from Inazuma?
:'''Souka:''' Aha, you're here, and even sooner than expected! Time for a cheer to celebrate our reunion, "Twin Stars of Brilliant Valor"!
:{{DIcon}} It's been too long, old friend!
::'''Paimon:''' S&mdash;Souka, is that you!? Paimon never would have expected to see you here in Mondstadt. What a pleasant surprise!
:{{DIcon}} Wait, uh... Who are you again?
::'''Paimon:''' You look so familiar... Is it really you, Souka?
::'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}，you might have forgotten, but Souka's a writer we met during the Fungi tournament. She's been helping us and [[Haniyyah]] take care of our Fungi buddies...
:'''Paimon:''' But weren't you previously helping Haniyyah prepare for the next tournament? How come you're in Mondstadt all by yourself?
:'''Paimon:''' And all those books in front of you... You're not here to recommend novels to passers-by, are you?
:'''Souka:''' Ah, well, I suppose the main reason is...
:'''Souka:''' I'm being hunted down by Yae Publishing House's editors.
:'''Paimon:''' Hunted down!?
:'''Souka:''' Don't worry, they're not literally going to kill me! They're just constantly pressing me to submit my work by whatever means necessary... I guess if you think about it, they're doing it for my own good!
:'''Souka:''' As a once-popular light novelist, I had to keep producing new content non-stop, both to satisfy our readers' voracious appetites and to maintain my popularity.
:'''Souka:''' But the speed at which our readers get through it all seems to know no limits! If I didn't keep up, it wouldn't be long before I found myself completely snowed under by new requests...
:'''Souka:''' But I couldn't bring myself to rush through the story of my Fungi buddies just to get it finished. After all, it takes time to come up with a good idea and then gradually refine it.
:'''Souka:''' If possible, I'd like to finish writing up the whole story, then go through the revision process before finally publishing it in its entirety. The last thing I want is to agree to serialize, and then have to rush to meet the deadlines for each issue.
:'''Souka:''' So for now, I've decided to start working on a new main piece with a simpler, more manageable story instead. This way, at least the readers won't forget me!
:{{DIcon}} That sounds exhausting...
:{{DIcon}} Guess you've got no choice...
:'''Paimon:''' Who'd have thought it ... And to think, Paimon used to reckon light novelists had it easy!
:'''Paimon:''' A bit of sightseeing here, a bit of "field research" there, then... Poof! They write their novel in a fit of inspiration, the Mora starts rolling in, and it's time to start living the good life.
:'''Souka:''' In reality, only the most naturally gifted writers work like that. For the rest of us, simply planning out and finding the inspiration for the next daily chapter is already enough to drive you to the edge of exhaustion.
:'''Souka:''' Most people can only write so much before they start getting writer's block. And in all honesty, I'm no different... Why else would I have come all this way to Mondstadt with nothing more to go on than an old folk legend?
:{{DIcon}} So this folk legend's the key?
:{{DIcon}} I'm guessing it involves this book on the table?
:'''Souka:''' Spot on! And my plan is to use pictures and a broadcasting device to turn my novel into an audio-visual, three-dimensional reading experience!
:'''Souka:''' The title of this all-new, avant-garde work of mine is "Labyrinth of Legend: A Hero's Journey."
:'''Souka:''' A hero of extraordinary ability unknowingly enters a treacherous labyrinth devised by an evil sorcerer, where they must navigate their way past a whole series of complex mechanisms and deadly traps before finally unearthing the secrets that lie deep within...
:'''Souka:''' But I haven't figured out how it's all going to go yet...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, you've certainly got Paimon's attention!
:'''Souka:''' I'll have to think carefully about the core contradictions and rhythm of the story.
:'''Souka:''' With serial novels, the key is to keep the reader on the edge of their seat, so the various puzzles that the hero encounters in the labyrinth will need to be the main story driver.
:'''Souka:''' I just so happened to hear talk of a Domain in Mondstadt filled with all kinds of mysterious mechanisms, so I rushed over here as soon as I could, found it, and started my investigations...
:'''Paimon:''' You're always so spontaneous, Souka! So... Did you find any inspiration for your puzzles in there?
:'''Souka:''' There was certainly no shortage of inspiration, but I haven't managed to think of any ingenious solutions to the puzzles yet, without which the plot still feels pretty weak...
:'''Souka:''' All it took was a regular trap to give me a complete battering, and now the clothes Ms. Haniyyah bought me are all ruined! Still, I came out with just enough intel to draft a few important sections.
:'''Souka:''' When it comes down to it, I'm no hero, nor do I have any special abilities, so it's no wonder that I can't come up with specific solutions to the puzzles.
:'''Souka:''' But for you two, the famous "Twin Stars of Brilliant Valor," that won't be a problem at all!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, this isn't a surprise, but it's not like we have godlike superpowers or anything, so what made you think of us?
:'''Souka:''' Well, there's no way I could hire a whole team of talented individuals to come gather material for me. As such, I need an intermediary who's closely connected to all sorts of powerful individuals to help me explore the Domain.
:'''Souka:''' And you, {{Traveler}}, are the most experienced, well-connected, and popular person in all of Teyvat... that I can think of!
:'''Souka:''' Simply follow the script I've provided and immerse yourself in a world of text, film, and your own imagination. And once you're in the zone...
:'''Souka:''' ...I'm sure you'll be able to think of suitable heroes and work out how they'd overcome the perils of the labyrinth, based on whatever the situation before you calls for!
:{{DIcon}} Uhh, you mean me?
:{{DIcon}} I do seem like the right person, don't I...
:'''Paimon:''' Imagining what happens based on text and images in a novel... We've never tried anything like this before. {{sic|it's}} almost like we're becoming authors too!
:'''Paimon:''' If all the different people we know came to face this Domain, full of all kinds of mechanisms, there'd certainly be a high chance of lots of wacky stuff happening... Stuff that ordinary people wouldn't even think of!
:'''Souka:''' And that's why you'd be perfect! This way, we can work together to finish designing my new book. On my end, I'll be sure to write a bestselling light novel!
:'''Souka:''' And when that happens, I'll credit you as the co-writer, and we'll split the proceeds!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, you can always trust old friends to be generous.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright then, let's give it all we've got!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Imaginary Maze of True Heroes
|zhs      = 拟想！强者与迷宫！
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 擬想！強者與迷宮！
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = Imagine! The Strong and the Labyrinth!
|ja       = 強者と迷宮に思い馳せて
|ja_rm    = Kyousha to Meikyuu ni Omoihasete
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 구상! 강자와 미궁!
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = La imaginación laberíntica de los héroes
|es_tl    = The Labyrinthine Imagination of Heroes
|fr       = Le labyrinthe imaginaire des vrais héros
|fr_tl    = The Imaginary Labyrinth of True Heroes
|ru       = Воображаемый лабиринт для настоящих героев
|ru_tl    = Imaginary Labyrinth For True Heroes
|th       = จินตนาการ! ผู้แข็งแกร่งและเขาวงกต!
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tưởng Tượng! Mê Cung Và Kẻ Mạnh!
|vi_tl    = Imagine! The Labyrinth and the Strong!
|de       = Imaginäres Labyrinth des wahren Helden
|de_tl    = Imaginary Maze of the True Hero
|id       = Labirin Imajinasi Pahlawan Sejati
|id_tl    = Imaginary Labyrinth of the True Heroes
|pt       = Labirinto Imaginário de Verdadeiros Heróis!
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Gerçek Kahramanların Hayali Labirenti
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Labirinto immaginario dei veri eroi
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}

[[pt-br:Labirinto Imaginário de Verdadeiros Heróis!]]
[[ru:Воображаемый лабиринт для настоящих героев]]
[[vi:Tưởng Tượng! Mê Cung Và Kẻ Mạnh!]]