{{Change History/Header}}
[[Version 5.4]]
* '''February 12, 2025''':
** Added [[Aloy]] as a selectable Supporting Cast character.
----
[[Version 5.3]]
* '''January 1, 2025''':
** Updated Acts to end automatically after "Star Challenges" for "Opponents Defeated" completed.
----
[[Version 5.2]]
* '''December 1, 2024 04:00''':
** Added a "Supporting Cast Record for this Season" button to the Supporting Cast interface, allowing Travelers to check details of the corresponding records.
* '''November 20, 2024''':
** Added "Next Act" button to the finalization screen after combat events if the Traveler has completed Act 3 of the "Imaginarium Theater" and the quests related to "Wolfy."
** Added character constellation display to the "Supporting Cast" interface.
** Added elemental statistics for characters to the "Performance Details" screen.
** Updated the "Performance Details" interface to remember the tab Travelers were viewing when they last closed the page.
** Added Character Role and Character Elemental Type filter tags to the "Party Setup" screen and display the number of characters selected with each role and elemental type.
** Added a "Villain" avatar at the bottom of the Event Selection interface and with a description of the attributes that have an advantage against them in the Villain's description.
** Update Companion Events to calculate the number of characters of each elemental type in the remaining Principal Cast members, and display the avatars of the corresponding Alternate Cast that can still be selected.
** Increased the "Blessing Level" buffs for "Special Guest Stars" by 100%.
----
[[Version 5.1]]
* '''October 9, 2024''':
** Adjusted appearance and position of special effects when triggering "Brilliant Blessings" in battles.
** Adjusted the effect descriptions of some "Brilliant Blessings."
** Added ability when selecting events to switch to other events by clicking on either side of the screen or using the controller buttons.
----
[[Version 5.0]]
* '''September 1, 2024 04:00''':
** Updated the "Wondrous Boon" events to "Brilliant Blessing" event that offer clear strategies based on the current season's three-element reaction system.
** Added "Visionary Mode" difficulty with Acts 9 and 10.
** Updated requirements for Easy, Normal, and Hard Mode:
*** {{Color|Old}}: You must select 10/14/18 characters to participate in the challenge
*** {{Color|New}}: Add at least 8/12/16 characters to start the show
*** {{Color|New}}: Add up to 10/14/20 characters. For each extra character added, you will obtain the corresponding buffs when performances start.
** Added "Blessing Level" that provides additional attribute buffs scaled by "Brilliant Blessing" level and additional characters included.
** Increased number of "Fantasia Flowers" obtained from completing "Battle: Normal" and "Battle: Defense Sequence" from 60 to 90.
** Removed additional challenge in Combat Events.
** Increased "Rewind" function limit from 1 to 2 in Normal and Hard Mode.
** Updated Performance Tour Rewards Talent Books from [[Fontaine]] to [[Natlan]].
----
[[Version 4.8]]
* '''August 1, 2024 04:00''':
** Increased initial Fantasia Flowers provided when starting a challenge in Hard Mode from 100 to 160.
** Increased selection of characters to Principal Cast after completing a performance from 1 to 2.
** Optimized refresh mechanic of Performance Events.
* '''July 14, 2024''':
** Added [[Envisaged Echo]]es to Theater Lobby.
** Added access to [[Paimon Menu]] when in Theater Lobby.
** Fixed an issue whereby Imaginarium Theater's Domain Entrance interaction point would appear abnormally within Mondstadt.
----
[[Version 4.7]]
* '''July 1, 2024 10:00''' - Imaginarium Theater was released.