{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Imara.png
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|sibling          = Nampole
|siblingNote      = deceased
|relative         = Ifa
|relativeNote     = descendant
|affiliation      = Flower-Feather Clan
|title            = Chief of the Flower-Feather Clan

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Imara''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in ''[[Tournament of Glory in Bloom]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Imara was the chief of the [[Flower-Feather Clan]] at some point in [[Natlan]]'s past and was the brother of [[Nampole]], a [[Saurian]] veterinarian. After Nampole's Saurian companion [[Antu]] fell sick, Nampole asked Imara to help host the Bloomflower Trials so as to form [[Sacred Flame Crystal]]s that were needed for Antu's treatment. Imara reassured Nampole, considering their close relationship. However, Imara developed his own agenda after Nampole suggested that the Sacred Flame Crystals could help improve a warrior's strength.

During the trials, Imara decided to pocket several crystals for himself, considering that other contestants were doing the same. Furthermore, he failed to take any action against the excessive violence that occurred during the trials. Additionally, he decided to expend all of his collected crystals towards tribal research after Antu disappeared, including those he initially kept for Antu. His actions angered Nampole, who left the tribe and his brother for good.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Medicine Born of Guilt}}</ref>

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* {{wt|imara|Imara}} means "strong" in {{w|Swahili language|Swahili}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Imara
|zhs     = 伊马雷
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 伊馬雷
|zht_rm  = 
|ja      = イマル
|ja_rm   = 
|ko      = 이마라
|es      = Imara
|fr      = Imara
|ru      = Имара
|th      = Imara
|vi      = Imara
|de      = Imara
|id      = Imara
|pt      = Imara
|tr      = Imara
|it      = Imara
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}