{{About|the darkness self of Fischl|playable character|Fischl}}
{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|name             = Immernacht Fischl
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Immernacht Fischl.png
|region           = Golden Apple Archipelago
|title            = Lady of Uttermost Darkness
|relative         = Fischl
|relativeNote     = True self
}}
'''Immernacht Fischl''' is an event-exclusive NPC that appears in Summertime Odyssey, Act IV: [[Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 3)|Immernachtreich Apokalypse]].

==Profile==
<!-- Detailed story/lore information goes here -->During the event Summertime Odyssey, Act IV: Immernachtreich Apokalypse, around the end of the quest, Immernacht Fischl can be encountered once entering the domain, poking fun at Fischl and demanding Oz to join by her side, which he, does not hesitate to accept. During the domain, due to Immernacht Fischl taking Oz to be by her side, Fischl will be rendered unable to use her burst, or skill, due to Oz not being present. In the domain, Immernacht Fischl's dialouge is required to both start and end the domain, to end the domain, you must find a staircase located somewhere around the middle(?) of the maze, in which than you can start a dialouge prompt once again and end the quest, with Fischl obtaining Oz back and Immernacht Fischl dissapearing. Immernacht Fischl represents the same Fischl, yet if she had the power and ability to rule over her kingdom, and with drastic changes in both appearence and personality.
===Personality===
Immernacht Fischl appears to be mocking, in a way, by pointing out how Fischl dreams about having a kingdom, yet cannot even handle the burden of ruling it, which she seems to poke fun at. She can also be seen as arrogant, considering how she took Oz temporarily during the duration of the domain, which rendered Fischl 'useless' if trying to use her skill, or burst, and slightly lashed out when Traveler and the others managed to find her at the top of the staircase, and insults Fischl right before she accepts her fate and dissapears.

===Appearance===
<!-- Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each. -->
Immernacht Fischl dons a seemingly new dress contrasting with Fischl's main dress, with a ruffled top and what seems to be some sort of purple corset, with 2 rhombus shaped symbols stacking ontop of eachother. Along with this, she wears a pair of black shorts with some sort of triangular accessory, with a greyish - silver frame and a dark purple inside. Her leggings contrast in sizes, with one being visibly shorter and one reaching the top of her leg. A pair of dark purple heels is also seen, with a lighter and more vibrant purple bow with the same rhombus/star like symbol in the middle. She has a pair of 2 sleeves, with another rhombus or diamond shaped, narrow slit revealing a white sleeve underneath, which eventually leads to 2 ruffled cuffs that are the 'end' of the sleeve. Along with this, she wears a goldish-brown outlined piece ontop of a small bow, and a laced black neck-piece, along with a white necklace with a purple-blue like oval gem, and what seems to be a silver heart like piece placed under the laced neck piece.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quest Appearances}}
<!--==Trivia==-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Immernacht Fischl
|zhs     = 幽夜菲谢尔
|zhs_rm  = Yōuyè Fēixiè'ěr
|zht     = 幽夜菲謝爾
|zht_rm  = Yōuyè Fēixiè'ěr
|ja      = 幽夜フィッシュル
|ja_rm   = Yuuya Fisshuru
|ko      = 유야 피슬
|ko_rm   = Yuya Piseul
|es      = Fischl de la Noche Eterna
|fr      = Fischl de la nuit éternelle
|ru      = Фишль из Нирваны Ночи
|th      = Immernacht Fischl
|vi      = Fischl Bóng Đêm
|de      = Immernacht-Fischl
|id      = Immernacht Fischl
|pt      = Fischl do Reino da Noite Eterna
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->