{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40073
|title         = Immernachtreich Apokalypse
|image         = Event Quest Immernachtreich Apokalypse 3.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|act           = Immernachtreich Apokalypse
|actNum        = IV
|actType       = None
|part          = 3
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Arnold; Fischl; Kaedehara Kazuha; Leon; Mona; Oz; Paimon; Traveler; Xinyan; Immernacht Fischl
|startLocation = [[Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|region        = Golden Apple Archipelago
|area          = 
|prev          = Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 2)
|next          = The Ancient Azure Stars (Part 1)
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Immernachtreich Apokalypse''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event. It is the third quest of the fourth part.

==Steps==
# Look for the third volume of "Hymn of the Holy Land"
# Open the third volume of "Hymn of the Holy Land"
#* Enter [[Immernachtreich Apokalypse: Part III]]
# Talk to everyone
# Repair the bridge
# Enter the garden
# Look for the missing pieces of the toy castle (0/2)
# Repair the toy castle
# Enter the library in the castle
# Save [[Leon]]
# Talk to Leon
# Enter the upper floor of the castle
# Close "Hymn of the Holy Land"
# Talk to "Fischl"
# Go to the high terrace
#* The active party will be replaced with 4 trial characters
# Talk to "[[Immernacht Fischl]]"
# Talk to everyone

==Notes==
* The trial Fischl cannot use her Elemental Skill, Elemental Burst, nor can she gain energy.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8<!-- comma array of world levels included (e.g. "5, 7, 8") -->
|character_name          = Mona
<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name8            = Skyward Atlas
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 11

|hp8                     = 23,015
|atk8                    = 2,295
|def8                    = 781
|em8                     = 105
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
|er8                     = 167.0%
|hydro_dmg8              = 32.4%
}}
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8<!-- comma array of world levels included (e.g. "5, 7, 8") -->
|character_name          = Fischl
<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 0

|weapon_name8            = The Stringless
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

|hp8                     = 21,099
|atk8                    = 1,821
|def8                    = 713
|em8                     = 270
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
|er8                     = 135.0%
}}
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8<!-- comma array of world levels included (e.g. "5, 7, 8") -->
|character_name          = Kaedehara Kazuha
<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name8            = Freedom-Sworn
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 11

|hp8                     = 27,632
|atk8                    = 1,885
|def8                    = 955
|em8                     = 419
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
|er8                     = 135.0%
}}
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8<!-- comma array of world levels included (e.g. "5, 7, 8") -->
|character_name          = Xinyan
<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name8            = Whiteblind
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 11

|hp8                     = 24,259
|atk8                    = 1,829
|def8                    = 1,358
|em8                     = 105
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
|er8                     = 135.0%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|There is another Fischl here — born from the darkness, she dominates everything in Immernachtreich. Can fear and cowardice devour souls? Which one of the two Prinzessinnen shall triumph in the end?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Apporach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 ravenguarda 01.ogg}} '''Solemn Raven:''' Stop! Ugh, it's you guys again!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's your problem? We're the Prinzessin's personal retainers.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 ravenguardb 01.ogg}} '''Severe Raven:''' Cut the lies! Her Highness doesn't keep company with nobodies like you.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh really? Are you prepared to take responsibility for what you just said?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 ravenguardb 02.ogg}} '''Severe Raven:''' I'll say it again. Her Highness doesn't keep company with&mdash;
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 fischl 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Who are these "nobodies" you speak of?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 ravenguarda 02.ogg}} '''Solemn Raven:''' Her Highness and Sir Oz!?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' I must say, guards, it's immensely disrespectful of you to make such remarks to the retainers of the Immernachtreich.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hmph. How dare you treat one's handpicked retainers with such disdain? Begone!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 ravenguarda 03.ogg}} '''Solemn Raven:''' But...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Don't you "but" me!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 ravenguardb 03.ogg}} '''Severe Raven:''' Y&mdash;Yes, Your Highness!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fischl, Oz, you're back in the crew!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hmph, you may consider that the case for the time being.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' What mein Fräulein means is that it took us a long time to reach this place. She couldn't bear to leave you all here, even though she did not wish to confront this mirage.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Didn't wanna confront it, huh? Sounds like Mona was right.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It felt like we were peeking into your diary.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...Nonsense. Despite the existing threats, the unrivaled glory of the Immernachtreich would not exist in this world if I, the Prinzessin, were the sort of person who could be easily swayed.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' What mein Fräulein means to say is that there are other troubles in this area.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Troubles? Have you run into anything dangerous?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 fischl 06.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...Um... this matter can be revisited later. For now, let us proceed with more important work.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 1 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Let's get this show on the road! The book's right in front of us, let's not just stand here.
----
;(Open the book)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 2 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hmph... majestic but fragile, vast yet vulnerable... this domain both amazes and sickens me!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 2 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' She means that she has never seen such an extravagant mirage before, and even she is enthralled by it.

;(Enter the garden)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's a castle here, but some parts seem to be missing. Fischl, is this yours?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hmm... allow me a moment to reminisce.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein, you may recall that this is the toy castle you accidentally destroyed in a moment of deep distress.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Oz! Don't say it out loud!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I suddenly recollect that two pieces are currently missing from my royal domain.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So we have to find two missing pieces...

:{{A|vo yqeq110 3 aside 01.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "...spoke amid a downpour of the dragon's blood. She said, 'May my people be freed from the shackles of ancient decrees.'"
:{{A|vo yqeq110 3 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Such wise and compassionate words could only come from your own writing, mein Fräulein.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 3 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hmph, yet this kingdom appears to be anything but what I've described. The shadows lurking behind the scenes are disconcerting...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 aside 01.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "Prinzessin Fischl again continued her song, and the interwoven chords of her sacred words became the Immernachtreich's hymn."

;(Interact with the Noticeboard)
::'''Noticeboard'''
::The courage to leap when faced with the precipice of a cliff is the key to freedom's gate.

;(Pick up the piece from the east pathway)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 aside 04.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "When the people worshiped her, she replied, 'Celebrate me by staging a play in the wilderness.'"
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 aside 05.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "'Bow down to me, and bring me beautiful dreams in return for everlasting glory within the eternal darkness.'"

;(Pick up the piece from the west pathway)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 aside 02.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "She picked up mere stones to carve out mountains and oceans, before bestowing upon her people castles and towns."
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 aside 03.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "My magnificent kingdom is a small and forbidden paradise."
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds like a happy ending to Paimon!

----
;(Ride the wind currents)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 leon 01.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Aah! Help me!

;(Enter the library)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon had a feeling he'd show up... again!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 4 leon 02.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Please don't say that. I can assure you that this will definitely be the last time!

;(Talk to Leon)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Fella, if you want to survive and thrive, you should be more careful next time.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' A successful journey requires perseverance, courage, as well as a keen sense of danger. You have the first two, but in the future, please strive to be more vigilant.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 leon 01.ogg}} '''Leon:''' I shall remember your words for the rest of my life. But it is time to say our final goodbye.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 leon 02.ogg}} '''Leon:''' You may not have noticed, but the weather has improved, and the sea has become pleasant and calm... We have awaited this day for a long time.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 leon 03.ogg}} '''Leon:''' You may be amazed that someone as reckless as me could become an actor, but please believe me when I say it's not by chance.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 leon 04.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Every Nachtraben is looking for a way to contribute to the world. We just want to find our place, our destiny. We were born to seek the roles that fate has assigned us to play.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 leon 05.ogg}} '''Leon:''' You may not be aware that "Hymn of the Holy Land" is also a book of prophecies.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Prophecy? But Paimon thought it was a sacred scripture?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 leon 07.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Yes, it is. Hundreds of years ago, the Immernachtreich was engulfed by a menacing shadow, but our ruler stood by and did nothing, as if she had lost interest in ruling the kingdom.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 leon 08.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Soon after, Oz, the Great Sekretär, appeared among us. He brought us the sacred scriptures, and a most encouraging prophecy.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 leon 09.ogg}} '''Leon:''' That prophecy is just as it's described in the book, and predicts a blessed future for the Immernachtreich. As a result, we became convinced that the gloomy skies would eventually clear, and we have been eagerly waiting for that blessed day.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 leon 10.ogg}} '''Leon:''' The Soteria... the Prinzessin der Verurteilung. She will eventually remember the paradise of the Immernachtreich, and on that day, we will devote to her the plays that were promised in the prophecy.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 leon 11.ogg}} '''Leon:''' That is why I have stepped forward to take on the role of a warrior. I'd do whatever it takes to prove my devotion to her.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 leon 12.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Y&mdash;Your Highness?!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right, yeah she was lurking in the back when we rescued you for some reason...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' My citizen, thy will is strong enough to sunder the wicked dragon's wings. I shall now receive thy blessing.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 leon 13.ogg}} '''Leon:''' It is my utmost honor!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Thou hast done well. 'Tis also most evident that thou dost possess the virtues of a knight. Go, take thy position, and wait for the performance to begin.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' We commend your unfaltering loyalty to Her Highness. Her Highness will now lead her retainers into battle against the shadow that plagues the Immernachtreich.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 leon 14.ogg}} '''Leon:''' ...Thank you, Your Highness, and thank you, everyone. In that case, I will take my leave!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 leon 15.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Oh, by the way, please keep in mind that the password for the gate ahead is "Sieh an, mein Sommernachtgarten!"
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's confused. What were you guys role-playing just now?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Is there not a single one of my lords and ladies who understood my precepts? Fools.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' What mein Fräulein means to say is that you are all rather stupid.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Yeah, you didn't need to translate that!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I suppose this is the important business Her Highness warned us about earlier.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Let's get this over with!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait! What is it? What's happening?

;(Interact with the barrier)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Sieh an, mein Sommernachtgarten!"

;(Approach the book)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's the book! Let's go and close it.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's hope we won't get transported to another strange place this time...

;(Close the book)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Library? Why are we inside a library?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' You must be the arch-nemesis I've been looking for, the useless and cowardly so-called Prinzessin?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 01.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' Hmph, how laughable. What gives you the impression that you can defeat me? You should know, over the past few days... I've seen all of your fear and trepidation.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why is there another you? Is it a shadow?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 02.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' Shadow? Yes... I suppose that probably describes our connection aptly enough. So, have you come to surrender to me, little Amy?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ugh... you...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 03.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' And that raven over there... You must be Oz? Excellent. I have been waiting for you for a long time.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 04.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' I heard that a great sekretär named Oz brought the "Hymn of the Holy Land" into Immernachtreich. I suppose that was you.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' ...At your service, mein Fräulein.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Why did you call her mein Fräulein?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' As you can see, that's also mein Fräulein over there. And if she is mein Fräulein, then does that not make her my master?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...Seems logical enough.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 05.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' I might as well inform you that the Immernachtreich is a place with no way out. Now that you've made it here, I shall crush you and make you my servant.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 06.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' As for Oz, despite bringing over that hideous Book of Prophecies, and causing the foolish citizens to fall to their knees worshiping that piece of nonsense...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 07.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' Why don't you come over to my side? After all, "Fischl is destined to team up with Oz."
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein flatters me. I see no reason to refuse.
;(Oz teleports to Immernacht Fischl)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Oz!? Where do you think you are going!?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' He's actually going over to the other side... Fischl, haven't you taught your raven anything about loyalty?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Gah! This is not the time to discuss my shortcomings!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 06.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Have you been bewitched, Oz? Why should you trust that she's telling the truth? Is not the Immernachtreich a sacred land of liberty and theater?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 08.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' You are gravely mistaken if you presume the Immernachtreich to be some kind of amusement park.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 09.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' Listen closely... it is a tomb for those who cannot face reality. You will be buried here, and I will take Oz, the product of our imagination, and live forever in the royal castle.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 07.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...A tomb...?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 10.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' You of all people should know about this. Why does it always rain in the Immernachtreich? Why isn't there any music in this so-called paradise?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 08.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...Because of you! It's all because of you!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 11.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' How pathetic! No, dearest Amy, you, not I, are the one responsible for all of this!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 09.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ugh...!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 12.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' You dreamed up a vast kingdom, but you can't bear its weight. Swayed by fear, you can't face the very world you've created. You may try to avoid it, but the fact is: You can't change yourself.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 13.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' I came here in your stead precisely because you failed to show up. The Immernachtreich is now mine, and it is not your place to tell me what to do!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 10.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I... I...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 14.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' Amy, you are but a weak fool who does not deserve this world. Begone.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hey, are you done?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' For you to give yourself such a piece of your mind, it must have been bothering you for a long time.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 11.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Mona... *sobs*
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh? What's that look on your face?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 12.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I... I...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmph. You're not going to admit defeat, are you?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 13.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...I hate to admit it, but... she might be right...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' No, Please do not think that. Your Highness, do you still remember why we came here?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 14.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Kazuha...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I am a samurai from Inazuma who's been entrusted with your safety. These individuals also responded to your call.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Having your own tomb does sound pretty cool, but the Immernachtreich is not a tomb.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 15.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Xinyan...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 15.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' ...Oh, so you've made some friends. But do you really think that's enough for you to defeat me?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 darkfischl 16.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' I am your fear, your dark side. I am the nightmare from which you have never escaped in all these years. Standing before me, you are nothing.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 16.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 17.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 18.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...No. I can't... I... I can't lose. Not now.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 fischl 19.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I will be the one to claim victory! Just you wait, I will make you regret everything you said!

----
;(Move past where the Electro Slimes were)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Take it one step at a time and don't rush. You can win as long as you maintain a level head.

;(Move past where the Iceshield Mitachurl was)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Get it together! Don't lose to anyone, and definitely don't lose to yourself! You ain't weak, that's not true at all.

;(Approach the stairs to the upper floor)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 6 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm? Oh, my divination attempts are working again. And the stars say... the Fischl I know will obtain a landslide victory.

;(Approach Immernacht Fischl)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 darkfischl 01.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' Impossible! How did you make it through that nightmarish library... Stand down!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...Do you still think I'm going to lose?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 darkfischl 02.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' You...!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' You looked down on me. You thought I was a worthless coward.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' And yes, I did use to be like that, because... I am someone who can't face reality, who spends all day daydreaming, and can't cope with setbacks or criticisms.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' But now I understand. I understood as soon as I first laid my eyes on this mirage.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Do you see that incredible world out there? So vast, so breathtaking... that is my imagination, the source of my power.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 06.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' You act so arrogant under that dark cloak of self-obsession. But that's not your true nature.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 07.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' You're no Prinzessin. You're just a narcissistic speck of dust hiding in my shadow! You are the true loser, the one who's holding me back!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 darkfischl 03.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' Oof!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 08.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' You hide your fear and cowardice behind a facade of thorns and self-loathing. You are far weaker than me.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 09.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Now give it back!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 darkfischl 04.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' Wh&mdash;What?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 10.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Return to me what is rightfully mine! The Immernachtreich, the castle, my people... and, most importantly, my companion, Oz!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Oh, mein Fräulein, you speak with such eloquence and vigor now. You've truly matured into the Prinzessin.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 11.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' You've got some nerve opening your beak, traitor!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' No, mein Fräulein, I've come here to prove something to you all.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' As we all know, Oz will always follow Fischl, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung. It should make no difference whose side I am on, because you're both Fischl.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 04.ogg}} '''Oz:''' But consider this: When I switched sides, you did not lose your identity, did you?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Indeed. These are words of wisdom.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 12.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' What do you mean "my identity"?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 05.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Whom do you suppose "Fischl" truly is?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 13.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...Huh?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 06.ogg}} '''Oz:''' This is my question to you, mein Fräulein.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 14.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Fischl is... well... Fischl is...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 darkfischl 05.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' She's a loser... a coward who refuses to confront her true self behind the fantasies and lies.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 07.ogg}} '''Oz:''' No, you are wrong.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 15.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Fischl... is... me?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 08.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Ah, you caught on most rapidly.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 16.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Huh? ...That's it?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 09.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Indeed, mein Fräulein. Fischl is sometimes the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, and other times not. She may be courageous and arrogant, but she may also be weak and cowardly.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 10.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Fischl is you. Both noble and humble, she is a first-rate adventurer with few friends and the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, the Sovereign of the Immernachtreich.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 11.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Fischl is both timid and strong. She's afraid of others' gossip, yet yearns for their respect.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 12.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Most importantly, Fischl is often self-deprecating, beating herself up countless times, yet she always finds a way to rise again.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 13.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein, no one merits the name Fischl more than you do. It's a complex yet simple name that represents the beauty of dreams and liberty.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 14.ogg}} '''Oz:''' With or without loyal admirers, Amy will always be Fischl. You are Fischl, the enlightened one who has always carried that belief in her heart.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 17.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ..."May my people be freed from the shackles of ancient decrees."
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 15.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Thank you for creating the Immernachtreich and giving us a homeland, for authoring the "Hymn of the Holy Land" in your subconscious, which offered us hope for a bright future.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 oz 16.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Please embrace your darkness and return to your true form, Your Highness.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 darkfischl 06.ogg}} '''Immernacht Fischl:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 18.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Fancy-dress Fischl vanished! Wait a minute... and now she's back?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The shadow seems to have returned to Fischl's heart, where it belongs.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 19.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...Hahaha, everyone, lend me your ears!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' There she is!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 20.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hehe, citizens of the Immernachtreich! Do you hear my summons?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes, Your Highness!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ugh, there she goes again, I am so done with this...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 21.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Oz speaks the words of truth. Today is a grand occasion, for it is the day that I seize back my heart and reclaim control of my kingdom. I hereby announce...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 fischl 22.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Welcome to the Immernachtreich!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 7 together 01.ogg}} '''Paimon, Xinyan, and Mona:''' Yaaay!
;(A cutscene plays)
::'''Narrator:''' One stormy night
::'''Narrator:''' A girl found a way to the future in the library
::'''Narrator:''' She said to herself:
::'''Fischl:''' I shall create my dream kingdom
::'''Fischl:''' I'll carve mountains and oceans, and erect castles and towns
::'''Narrator:''' Then she spoke to those who shared her dream:
::'''Fischl:''' Please be proud of all that is unreal
::'''Fischl:''' For we are greater than this world!
::'''Fischl:''' For our magnificent kingdom is a small and forbidden paradise
:;(Cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' (What a wonderful day. I reclaimed my heart and became the true Prinzessin der Verurteilung.)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' (The Immernachtreich really appeared. Even so, I know that all the negative emotion I've been harboring in my heart will not simply go away.)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' (And that's okay. I'll carry these imperfections with me as I fight on, because I now know that what I have is unique and wonderful.)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fischl, the stage is all set up outside! Wanna go check it out?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Lady Paimon, do watch your words.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! Okay, Your Highness, wouldst thou care to venture outdoors and... checketh stuff out?
:{{DIcon}} Pffft...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ahem! How dare you, retainer of mine, mock the great and dignified Prinzessin der Verurteilung?
:{{DIcon}} I'm not mocking you.
:{{DIcon}} I'm just happy to see you back to your normal self.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...Hehe, I concur!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 fischl 06.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Now let us rejoice and celebrate this historic moment for the Immernachtreich!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Oh, what mein Fräulein means is that she entreats you to celebrate the arrival of the Immernachtreich with utmost zeal and great joy...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, alright, we get it... Please don't translate her words back into Fischlspeak...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...Ugh...
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Watching a theater performance in a nation like this must be quite an experience.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' As for the puzzle I'm working on... I should have an answer soon.
;(Mona performs a divination)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, there's something we've gotta do! Your Highness, Oz, please excuse us for a moment.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Very well, see you soon.

:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' C'mon, let's try to contact Venti again.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
:'''Dodocommunication Device:''' Dodoco!
:'''Dodocommunication Device:''' Dodoco! Dodoco!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 unknown 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh? It's you.
:{{DIcon}} Whose voice is that?
::{{DIcon}} I don't think I've ever heard it before?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? That isn't the Tone-Deaf Bard?
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry, who are you?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 unknown 02.ogg}} '''???:''' You're right, we've never met before.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 unknown 03.ogg}} '''???:''' I know you want to communicate with someone beyond the islands, but you can't do that right now. So I cut off your connection.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 unknown 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Wouldn't you rather find out the answer for yourself than ask someone else? The fantastic mirage represents the "deep dream," the most fundamental reflection of the human heart.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 unknown 05.ogg}} '''???:''' Go see for yourself. Witness everything with your own eyes, and when this is all over, tell me what you feel about it.
:{{DIcon}} ...She hung up.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), who the heck was that!?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is weird. How was she able to cut off our connection to Venti... and why would she wanna know what you feel?
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Nope! Paimon doesn't get it!
:{{DIcon}} Me neither.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's kinda eerie, but... but Paimon will protect you! Paimon will be there for you no matter what!
:{{DIcon}} Okay. Let's keep this between us for now.
:'''(Traveler):''' (There was no trace of malice in her words. It seemed like she was reaching out for something.)
:'''(Traveler):''' (I'm not sure what answer she's looking for from me, but I will wait until I've seen everything.)
;(Quest completes)
{{Dialogue end}}

----
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Fischl and Oz)
;(Found next to the "Immmernachtreich Keep" waypoint.)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 fischl 07.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Anyway, Oz... um... I, uh, ahem... thank you.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 oz 04.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein, I was merely doing my duty. You need not thank me. Rather, it's my honor to follow you.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 fischl 08.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Then I shall grant you the honor of accompanying me to the performance.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 oz 05.ogg}} '''Oz:''' As you wish, mein Fräulein.

;(Talk to Xinyan)
;(Found in the performance theatre for [[Drama Phantasmagoria: Tale of the Sword-Wielding Princess!]].)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Fischl's rebuttal totally rocked! It was so dramatic and so powerful! I didn't want to interrupt her, or I would've started blasting out a backing track!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' The stage is set up and everyone's here together. Love this feeling!
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Let's celebrate this special occasion together!

;(Talk to Mona)
;(Found on the balcony of the lower level underneath the "Immmernachtreich Keep" waypoint.)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Fischl's dilemma was indeed within herself. But there was only one phantom, not a swarm... so my guess was a little off the mark.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' After all that she went through, it's good that she finally got to reconcile with herself.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Still, it looks like I won't be free from this Court Archmage role anytime soon...

;(Talk to Kaedehara Kazuha)
;(Found next to the fountain to the north of the "Twinning Isle, Golden Apple Archipelago" waypoint.)
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' "On the homeward road, ravens soar into the sky..."
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Although the mirages are essentially independent, I believe there is some connection.
:{{A|vo yqeq110 8 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The final line... but of course, "Rainbow greets my eye."
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/k29vDnJj4Fk
|caption1 = Immernachtreich Apokalypse Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 1)|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[ru:Апокалипсис вечной ночи (Часть 3)]]