{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40071
|title         = Immernachtreich Apokalypse
|image         = Event Quest Immernachtreich Apokalypse 1.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|act           = Immernachtreich Apokalypse
|actNum        = IV
|actType       = None
|part          = 1
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Arnold; Fischl; Kaedehara Kazuha; Leon; Mona; Paimon; Traveler; Xinyan
|startLocation = [[Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|region        = Golden Apple Archipelago
|area          = 
|prev          = Blazin' Trails (Part 3)
|next          = Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 2)
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Immernachtreich Apokalypse''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event. It is the first quest of the fourth part.

==Steps==
# Rest until the following day (06:00 — 24:00)
# Talk to everyone
#* Enter [[Immernachtreich Apokalypse: Part I]]
# Try operating the strange device
# Enter the castle as the story unfolds
# Repair the bridge
# Enter the castle as the story unfolds
# Find the source of the voice
# Help Leon leave the cellar
# Talk to Leon
# Repair the path to the tower
# Head to the top of the tower
# Close "Hymn of the Holy Land"
# Listen to the voices inside the room
# Leave the room
# Talk to everyone

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Fischl has not yet returned, so the party decides to explore the island first to confirm if there is indeed a mirage here as the divination result indicated, and to whom it belongs.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the camp)
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you awake?
:{{DIcon}} Ugh... It's morning again...
::{{DIcon}} What's up? Has something happened?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It might sound hard to believe, but no. Nothing's happened.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You're awake? Then let's bring you up to speed: We've searched everywhere, and found nothing unusual at all.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Based on the previous two mirages, we should have been able to find something that acts as an entrance.
:{{DIcon}} That's weird.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Is it possible that the time has not come yet?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You mean, we should wait a little longer?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Yes. Plus, Fischl is still nowhere to be found, and I highly suspect that she's even more eager to find the entrance than we are.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' So let's wait. Let's give the mirage... no, give Fischl some more time.

:'''Everyone agrees with Mona and takes a break. Then, they continue the search in two groups.'''

:'''After numerous round trips with little success, something finally appears on the beach.'''

:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's something on the beach!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' A book? And next to it is... hmm... a raven statue?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This statue looks a lot like Oz...
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Why did these two items appear together? Did the raven bring the book here?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' What's the book about? Is it a diary?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Let's see... "Hymn of the Holy Land"? I've never heard of a book by that title.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' From the cover, it looks like... it was written by Fischl herself?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' That would certainly fit her personality. "Hymn of the Holy Land"... interesting, I like it.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' As a title, it has a sacred ring to it.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what should we do? Should we touch it?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...Fischl's still not back.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Never mind, let's head inside first. Once Fischl finds the book, I'm sure she'll be able to catch up with us.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon agrees! It's like we're peeping into her diary, so Paimon's sure she'll wanna come in and stop us.
{{Dialogue end}}<!--pretty sure this is where the description changes-->
{{Quest Description|update|Fischl has not yet returned, so the party decides to explore the island first to confirm if there is indeed a mirage here as the divination result indicated, and to whom it belongs. Soon, everyone finds a night raven statue, along with a mysterious book that it has brought here &mdash; "Hymn of the Holy Land." Upon touching the book, you and the others enter the mirage within...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon entering the domain)
:{{A|vo yqeq108 2 aside 01.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "Though this truth has long faded from popular memory, scholars have long known that Prinzessin Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort first descended upon the world during the Time of Chaos, roughly six hundred years before the Era of the Saints."
:{{A|vo yqeq108 2 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' What? A narrator?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 2 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' We really are inside a book, huh. There's even a narrator telling us the story.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, the path has been cut off. We can't go across.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 2 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' There's a device over there that appears to be waiting for us to approach it.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it just Paimon, or does everything in this place seem just a little bit over-deliberate?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 2 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well, it is the Holy Land, what did you expect...
:{{A|vo yqeq108 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, everything's so blatant... it's clearly begging to be noticed.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 2 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' That's our Fischl for ya!

:{{A|vo yqeq108 2 aside 02.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "The Prinzessin harbored much sympathy for all living things, and wished to never see them in pain. She harnessed the power of darkness and dreams to weave the night, and gave it the task to safeguard all living things."

;(After solving the first Gaze of the Deep puzzle)
:{{A|vo yqeq108 3 aside 01.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "The people celebrated and worshiped the Prinzessin's authority, and followed her call to migrate to the sacred land that would eventually be known as the Immernachtreich."
:{{A|vo yqeq108 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It really is the Immernachtreich!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 3 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Mm, it really looks the part... I'm quite impressed.

;(After crossing the first bridge)
:{{A|vo yqeq108 3 aside 02.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "We established a nation on the Holy Land, revered the Prinzessin as The Absolute One, and introduced poetry, theater, and adventure to the Kingdom, laying the groundwork for the Immernachtreich."

;(After repairing the second bridge)
:{{A|vo yqeq108 3 aside 03.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "When the rain finally ceased, the Prinzessin descended from the palace steps, as to allow all her retainers to behold her unparalleled glory."

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 leon 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Help! Heeeelp!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That was a cry for help! Who could it be?

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 leon 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Someone, please, help me!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, isn't this a statue?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 leon 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Please don't refer to me like that! My name is Leon, and I am a knight of the Immernachtreich.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A knight? But you don't look like one...
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 leon 04.ogg}} '''Leon:''' You can't tell? Anyway, please don't speak ill of Sire Ozvaldo. He personally designed and distributed the armor for Die Nachtraben Ritter.
:{{DIcon}} "Sire Ozvaldo"?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' (Traveler), you must have heard that one before, surely? Oz's full name, "Ozvaldo Hrafnavins."
:{{DIcon}} I remember.
:{{DIcon}} Well, now I know.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh... So "Megistus" was the easy pronunciation...
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I agree.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Haha, or so it seems...
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 leon 05.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Dear friends, I apologize for interrupting your lovely conversation, but I believe you haven't been informed that the gate ahead has been locked.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, that's news to us.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 leon 06.ogg}} '''Leon:''' I'm hoping you'll be kind enough to save me, and in exchange, I'll gladly teach you how to unlock the gate.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 4 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well, I guess we'll have to save you then.

;(After helping Leon leave the cellar)
:{{A|vo yqeq108 5 leon 01.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Valiant heroes... No words can express how grateful I feel right now. Thank you very much.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 5 leon 02.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Remember, this is the password that unlocks the gate. "May my people be freed from the shackles of ancient decrees."

;(Interact with the barrier)
:{{A|vo yqeq108 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "May my people be freed from the shackles of ancient decrees."

;(After repairing the path to the tower)
:{{A|vo yqeq108 5 aside 01.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "The Great Sekretär, the lords, and the devoted Nachtraben Ritter mounted the tower to pledge their allegiance to the Prinzessin, kissing the hem of her exquisite purple dress and taking pride in their loyalty."

;(Approach the book)
:{{A|vo yqeq108 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like it's a dead end ahead. There's only a book.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 6 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Do you think what we just heard is the story from the book?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 6 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' So the "Holy Land" in the book's title refers to the Immernachtreich. This book sings the praises of the Prinzessin from the perspective of the people in her kingdom.
:{{DIcon}} I guess this is kind of an autobiography...
:{{A|vo yqeq108 6 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' We're on the last page of the book, but the story doesn't seem to have ended.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What happens next? Paimon wants to know what happens next!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 6 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I guess we'll have to keep exploring. As for this book... wait, I have an idea... Now that we've finished it, let's close it.

;(Upon closing the book)
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Huh? We've been transported again, but we're not back on the beach.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We are somewhere in... Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Greetings, Honorable Kaiserin der Verurteilung.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 fischlmother 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Amy, dear, I've made Steak and Fisherman's Toast. Come on, eat up before they go cold.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ahem! Mother...
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 fischlmother 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh, look at me, being so forgetful. Ahem! Dost thou knowest, Prinzessin der Verurteilung, that the hour of luncheon encroaches?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Of course, Mother.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 fischlfather 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Ah, behold the view from the window, a delight to the senses! Prinzessin, Kaiserin, would you care to join the Kaiser der Verurteilung for a grand royal picnic? We shall enjoy the scenic view and partake of the delicacies granted to us by the heavens.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Yes, I shall gladly join you!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...Oh.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Uh... does anyone wanna say anything about that?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Okay, I'll bite. So "Amy"... that's Fischl's real name?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like it. The other two voices were probably her mom and dad.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...Why are all of you giving me that look!?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Forgive me if this comes across as rude, but... is your surname truly Megistus?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmph, you think I was bluffing? My full title is and always has been "Mona Megistus, the Astrologist."
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...My apologies.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Don't you think that's a bit long?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well, it's a special case. Only geniuses get titles like this.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that makes no sense...
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' What are your thoughts on the scenes we just witnessed?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Well, it seems that "closing the book" is one way of affecting change in this mirage.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well, I think it's sweet that Fischl's parents are willing to play along with her.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' They probably didn't indulge her forever. Based on the voice, this was surely a memory from her childhood? It's a different story now she's grown up.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know a lot about Fischl, Mona!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' After all, we've been friends for quite a while.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Speaking of...I wonder where Fischl is now?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 7 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' That voice mentioned that she was heading out. We may as well go outside, and see if we can find anything.
----
;(Upon leaving the room)
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we're back.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, why are we back? We haven't finished the story yet!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' This feels as awful as purchasing a counterfeit astrology tutorial, or realizing you've forgotten your wallet in the middle of dinner...
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ARGH!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Argh! This is torture!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I think they're a little bit upset.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' To be honest, I also don't like to read books that end on an unexpected cliffhanger.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Haha, no one likes that. Alright, let's enter the mirage again.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good idea! Let's go!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' ...Eh?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' We're still here, it's not working
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' That's odd. We were able to enter earlier, but now, we can't.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Why!? Why are we being denied the opportunity to finish the book!? This is pure sadism!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hmm... Maybe it's because we've already reached the end of this book.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Before leaving the mirage, we saw that the book had been flipped to the final page. I believe "Hymn of the Holy Land" is divided into multiple volumes.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's like one of those sneaky light novel marketing schemes... "If you want to know what happens next, please buy the next volume". Yuk.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmph! I have to see the ending.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 arnold 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh, oh, yes, the ending. Everyone wants to see how the books ends.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Huh? Who's there?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 arnold 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh, oh, heavens above, she saw me. Stand up straight, stand up straight.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You're...
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 arnold 03.ogg}} '''???:''' I'm "Ask-Me-For-Directions Arnold".
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That name's a little on the nose!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' So, Arnold, let me ask you something...
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 arnold 04.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' It's "Ask-Me-For-Directions Arnold"!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...So, Ask-Me-For-Directions Arnold, let me ask you something!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 arnold 05.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' Yes, Ma'am!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Are there other volumes of "Hymn of the Holy Land"? Where can I find them?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 arnold 06.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' Oh, oh, you're asking the right person. "Hymn of the Holy Land" is the sacred scripture of the Immernachtreich. There are three volumes in total, with the other two stored in two high locations in the castle.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 arnold 07.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' If you wish to find the second volume, you must climb to the very top floor of the tower.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Tower? You mean, that tower over there?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 arnold 08.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' That is, indeed, the tower where the sacred scripture is stored. If you look closely to the cave right over there, you'll find a secret passage that will swiftly take you to the tower.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Okay, thank you, Arnold.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 arnold 09.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' It's "Ask-Me-For-Directions Arnold"!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 arnold 10.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' Do you have any other questions for me, fair maiden? Concerning, perhaps, my relationship status, or monthly income...?
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' No! Goodbye!
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Let's ignore that raven and proceed! There's a secret passage in the cave ahead that leads directly to the top of the tower.
:{{A|vo yqeq108 8 arnold 11.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' Oh, oh, but Ma'am! Are you sure you're not interested in me? I only shared with you the secrets of the Immernachtreich because of your great beauty! Ma'am! Wait...!

;(Talk to Arnold again)
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq109 arnold 01.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' Why did the lady appear so irritated? Did I say something inappropriate? Oh, what must I do to win her heart?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/k29vDnJj4Fk
|caption1 = Immernachtreich Apokalypse Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Immernachtreich Apokalypse
|zhs     = 幽夜默示录
|zhs_rm  = Yōuyè Mòshì-lù
|zht     = 幽夜默示錄
|zht_rm  = Yōuyè Mòshì-lù
|zh_tl   = Records of Immernacht Apocalypse
|ja      = 幽夜の黙示録
|ja_rm   = Yuuya no Mokushiroku{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Records of Immernacht Apocalypse
|zhja_note = {{lang|mini=1|zh=默示录|ja=黙示録|ja_lit=Records of Apocalypse}} refers to the ''{{w|Book of Revelation}}'', the final book of the ''{{w|New Testament}}'' of ''{{w|Bible}}''. {{lang|mini=1|zh=幽夜|zh_tn=Immernacht|zh_lit=Serene-Night}} refers to the {{lang|[[Immernachtreich]]|zh=幽夜净土|ja=幽夜浄土}}.
|ko      = 유야 묵시록
|ko_rm   = Yuya Muksirok
|ko_tl   = Lonely Night Apocalypse
|es      = Apocalipsis de la Noche Eterna
|es_tl   = Apocalypse of the Eternal Night
|fr      = Apocalypse de la nuit éternelle
|fr_tl   = Apocalypse of the Eternal Night
|ru      = Апокалипсис вечной ночи
|ru_tl   = Eternal Night Apocalypse
|th      = วิวรณ์แห่งราตรีบริสุทธิ์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Khúc Khải Huyền U Ám
|vi_tl   = Revelation of Dark Apocalypse
|de      = Apokalypse des Immernachtreichs
|de_tl   = Apocalypse of the Immernachtreich
|id      = Pewahyuan Immernachtreich
|id_tl   = Revelation of Immernachtreich
|pt      = Apocalipse da Noite Eterna
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[ru:Апокалипсис вечной ночи (Часть 1)]]