{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40072
|title         = Immernachtreich Apokalypse
|image         = Event Quest Immernachtreich Apokalypse 2.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|act           = Immernachtreich Apokalypse
|actNum        = IV
|actType       = None
|part          = 2
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Arnold; Kaedehara Kazuha; Leon; Mona; Paimon; Traveler; Xinyan
|startLocation = [[Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|region        = Golden Apple Archipelago
|area          = 
|prev          = Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 1)
|next          = Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 3)
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Immernachtreich Apokalypse''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event. It is the second quest of the fourth part.

==Steps==
# Look for the second volume of "Hymn of the Holy Land"
# Open the second volume of "Hymn of the Holy Land"
#* Enter [[Immernachtreich Apokalypse: Part II]]
# Talk to everyone
# Operate the device to repair the path
# Follow the path
# Operate the device to repair the path
#* There is an [[Phantasmal Conch|Echoing Conch]] on a table
# Follow the path
# Operate the device to repair the path
# Follow the path
# Find the source of the voice
# Save Leon
# Talk to Leon
# Enter the library in the castle
# Close "Hymn of the Holy Land"
# Listen to the voices in the corridor
# Talk to everyone

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A lofty castle, an unforgettable tale... This must be Fischl's imagined world. Her mirage is so amazing that every visitor is deeply impressed. However, a mesmerizing dream does not come without a price, just as beautiful flowers often bloom among thistles and thorns...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq109 1 ravenguarda 01.ogg}} '''Solemn Raven:''' Hey, stop! Who are you?
:{{A|vo yqeq109 1 ravenguardb 01.ogg}} '''Severe Raven:''' You don't look like citizens of the Immernachtreich. Explain yourselves! What's your purpose here?
:{{A|vo yqeq109 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This place even comes with guards!
:{{DIcon}} Don't panic.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... What are you doing?
:{{DIcon}} We are personal retainers of the Prinzessin.
::{{DIcon}} We've traveled through the sea of stars to get here.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 1 ravenguarda 02.ogg}} '''Solemn Raven:''' How can you prove that you are Her Highness's retainers?
:{{A|vo yqeq109 1 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmph, such an absurd question betrays your ignorance.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 1 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' "May my people be freed from the shackles of ancient decrees."
:{{A|vo yqeq109 1 ravenguardb 02.ogg}} '''Severe Raven:''' Th&mdash;That's the password of the Immernachtreich! They really are Her Highness's retainers!
:{{A|vo yqeq109 1 ravenguarda 03.ogg}} '''Solemn Raven:''' Oh my goodness. We didn't know! Please forgive us...
:{{A|vo yqeq109 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now step down!
:{{A|vo yqeq109 1 ravenguarda 04.ogg}} '''Solemn Raven:''' Y&mdash;Yes, we're leaving now...
:{{A|vo yqeq109 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They are gone.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 1 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' This is the second volume of "Hymn of the Holy Land." Everyone ready?
:{{A|vo yqeq109 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bring it on!
----
;(On entering the domain)
:{{A|vo yqeq109 2 aside 01.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "However, the Immernachtreich soon became plagued by a perpetual nightmare. Tasraque, the wicked dragon, infiltrated the subterranean, crossed the bottom of the sea, and eventually came to roam above the capital."
:{{A|vo yqeq109 2 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Huh? A dragon? The only thing I noticed is the gloomy weather.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 2 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Could the dragon be... some kind of metaphor?
:{{A|vo yqeq109 2 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' If that's so... Her arch-nemesis, Tasraque, the wicked dragon, is made up of everything that opposes her and rejects her fantasies.

;(After solving the first Gaze of the Deep puzzle)
:{{A|vo yqeq109 2 aside 02.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "Knowing their peril, the people prayed to The Soteria."

;(After solving the second Gaze of the Deep puzzle)
:{{A|vo yqeq109 2 aside 03.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "The Prinzessin descended to confront the dragon, but the great battle was certain to damage the castle."

;(After solving the third Gaze of the Deep puzzle)
:{{A|vo yqeq109 2 aside 04.ogg}} '''Narrator:''' "Finally, she pierced through the dragon's scales with Thundering Retribution, and spoke to all amid a downpour of the dragon's blood. She said..."

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq109 2 leon 01.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Help me! Somebody, please!
:{{A|vo yqeq109 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaaah, we've just got to the interesting part! What did the Prinzessin say!?
:{{A|vo yqeq109 2 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' That voice sounds familiar. Is it that Nachtraben Ritter fella again?

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq109 3 leon 01.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Oh, thank goodness... Huh? What are you guys doing here!?
:{{A|vo yqeq109 3 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' We should be the ones asking that. What are you doing here?

;(Talk to Leon)
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 leon 01.ogg}} '''Leon:''' I'm sorry you have to keep seeing me in such a wretched state. I suppose I'm still not good enough to play the role of a qualified Nachtraben Ritter...
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' "Play the role"?
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 leon 02.ogg}} '''Leon:''' I'm ashamed to admit it, but I'm not a real knight... rather, I'm a new actor who recently landed a job to play the role of a knight in a theater troupe!
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's not really something to be smug about.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 leon 03.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Ah, well, you see, that's where you're mistaken! Theater is an essential part of Immernachtreich's culture. A fantastic theatrical performance is the greatest tribute we can pay to Her Highness.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh, so this is your local culture?
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 leon 04.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Exactly! So I'm delighted that I got to play the knight!
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Why does the Prinzessin enjoy the theater so much?
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 leon 05.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Her Highness once said, "Celebrate me by staging a play in the wilderness. Bow down to me, and bring me beautiful dreams in return for everlasting glory within the eternal darkness."
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 leon 06.ogg}} '''Leon:''' I believe it is because Her Highness appreciates true art, and can also sense emotions hidden deep within the souls of humankind.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 leon 07.ogg}} '''Leon:''' The crystallization and sublime expression of emotion is the heart of theater. People who truly understand theater always have a beautiful, sensitive heart, filled with a rich array of emotion.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...So that's how it is.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Thank you for your answer, Sir Knight.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 leon 08.ogg}} '''Leon:''' O&mdash;Oh! Th&mdash;Thank you so much for calling me a knight!
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 leon 09.ogg}} '''Leon:''' So, basking still in this honor, I will be off to my battleground. May we meet again!
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hopefully not... Be more careful in the future!
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 leon 10.ogg}} '''Leon:''' Oh, and please remember the password to unlock the gate, "Upon my command, spread your wings and take flight."

;(Interact with the barrier)
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Upon my command, spread your wings and take flight."

;(Approach the book)
:{{A|vo yqeq109 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh, the book has appeared!

;(Close the book)
:{{A|vo yqeq109 5 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Greetings, my most esteemed Father and Mother. Today is celebrated as a festival in the Immernachtreich, and I hope you can both spare some time...
:{{A|vo yqeq109 5 fischlfather 01.ogg}} '''Fischl's Father:''' Amy, come on now, darling. You can't be carrying on like that at this age.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 5 fischlmother 01.ogg}} '''Fischl's Mother:''' You're a big girl now. It's time to forget the fairy tales.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 5 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' But...
:{{A|vo yqeq109 5 fischlmother 02.ogg}} '''Fischl's Mother:''' Oh, and I almost forgot to mention. I've bought you a new set of music coursebooks. Give them a read, won't you? You should dedicate your time to something more meaningful.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 5 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' ...O&mdash;Okay, Mom, I... I understand.
;(A scene transition occurs)
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're back again.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I believe we have just witnessed the true nature of the wicked dragon.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' *sighs* This is something I am all too familiar with. There are always people who believe that our passions are a waste of time.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Huh? You're&mdash;
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 arnold 01.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' Ask-Me-For-Directions Arnold.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I mean, you're back, why?
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 arnold 02.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' Oh, I came because I bet you'd be looking for the third volume of "Hymn of the Holy Land."
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well, you bet right on that front...
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 arnold 03.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' You need not do anything for me, my dear lady. The opportunity to behold your beauty is the finest reward I could ask for. I shall give you the answer you seek.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 arnold 04.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' The third volume of "Hymn of the Holy Land" can be found on the top floor of the royal castle.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Is it guarded by anyone?
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 arnold 05.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' Oh, oh, but of course, sir. What sort of a question is that? No nation would treat its most treasured books as if they were just cast out into the wilderness.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' That means we will still find Nachtraben guards stationed there.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 arnold 06.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' It is a citizen's utmost honor to guard the sacred scriptures. But it matters not. I'm quite sure the fine lady merely seeks to peruse them, and has no malicious intentions.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 arnold 07.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' Your face is captivating and full of wisdom, and the company you keep appears to be heroes of some renown. I have the utmost faith that you will be able to comprehend the meaning behind the stories in our sacred scriptures.
:{{A|vo yqeq109 6 arnold 08.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' Her Highness's accomplishments were documented by Oz, the Great Sekretär, and became great treasures of the Immernachtreich. I wish Her Highness joy and happiness every time I read those books.

;(Talk to Arnold again)
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq110 arnold 01.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' Oh, oh, what should I do...
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq110 arnold 02.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' Ahem! Would you care to join me for a cup of coffee, good lady? If coffee is not to your taste, we can have black tea, milk tea, or hot chocolate instead.
:{{A|vo dialog yqeq110 arnold 03.ogg}} '''Arnold:''' If you don't want to, that's also perfectly okay. I'll keep my distance and be with you in spirit as you enjoy a drink on your own. Your joy is my joy.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/k29vDnJj4Fk
|caption1 = Immernachtreich Apokalypse Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 1)|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[ru:Апокалипсис вечной ночи (Часть 2)]]