{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Lore
|region       = Teyvat
|affiliation  = Mr. Nine
|affiliation2 = Flowers for Princess Fischl
}}
The '''Immernachtreich''' {{lang|en=Evernight Kingdom}} is a fictional world and the final destination of the universe in the novel series ''[[Flowers for Princess Fischl]]'', written by [[Mr. Nine]]. This series serves as the basis of [[Fischl]]'s persona.

Her vision of the Immernachtreich is reflected on the [[Twinning Isle/2.8|Twinning Isle Mirage]] during ''[[Summertime Odyssey]]'' and in Fischl's Mirage domains during [[Immernachtreich Apokalypse]], which narrate the story of ''Hymn of the Holy Land''.

This page encompasses the lore in ''Flowers for Princess Fischl'' as well as its depiction in ''Hymn of the Holy Land'', which is a reflection of Fischl's subconsciousness.

==Characters==
*'''Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort:''' {{lang|en=Fischl of the Sky Castle Narfidort}} The main protagonist of the series, commonly referred to by her subjects as the Prinzessin der Verurteilung. She seeks to revive her destroyed homeland, the Immernachtreich,<ref name="FFPF">{{Ref/Book|Flowers for Princess Fischl|1}}</ref> and utilizes the power of darkness and dreams.<ref name="IA1">{{Ref/Quest|Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 1)}}</ref> She and Ozvaldo Hrafnavins, her retainer, are the World Beasts who swallows all dreams. At the end of the world, she will bless all the souls she has gathered, use Thundering Retribution to purge the evil and wicked, then finally set her own heart on fire to allow the universe to be reborn.<ref name="FischlCS">{{Ref/CS|Fischl|Flowers for Princess Fischl: Phantasmagoria}}</ref> [[Leon]] also calls her the Soteria.<ref name="IA3">{{Ref/Quest|Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 3)}}</ref>
**In ''Hymn of the Holy Land'', it is stated that Fischl first descended on the world during the Time of Chaos, 600 years before the Era of the Saints. She has a great love of theater and, as such, theater is a big part of the Immernachtreich's culture.<ref name="IA1" />
*'''Ozvaldo (von) Hrafnavins:''' Fischl's night raven retainer, also known as Prince Nachtraben. He is characterized by his undying loyalty to Fischl. Leon also calls him the Great Sekretär.
*'''Kaiser der Verurteilung:''' {{lang|en=Emperor of Condemnation}} Fischl's father. In ''Flowers for Princess Fischl'', he is described as "mighty and majestic" and helps Fischl through her confusions.<ref name="FFPF" />
*'''Kaiserin der Verurteilung:''' {{lang|en=Emperess of Condemnation}} Fischl's mother and an enigmatic figure in the ''Flowers for Princess Fischl'' series. She has only one line in nearly all of her appearances: "...The dream lives on." Towards the end of the series, as everything flows into the Immernachtreich, the full line is heard: "Find meaning somewhere. The night deepens, but the dream lives on."<ref name="FFPF" />
*'''Beast of the World: {{w|Gesamtkunstwerk}}:''' A World Beast which the Immernachtreich faces in certain probabilities. When Gesamtkunstwerk appears, other World Beasts from the center of the world will also appear. Its weakness is the Saint of Seven Tears.<ref name="FFPF" />
*'''Saint of Seven Tears:''' A character who appears in the final volume of ''Flowers for Princess Fischl''.<ref name="FFPF" />
*'''Tasraque:''' A wicked dragon who terrorizes the Immernachtreich in ''Hymn of the Holy Land'', whom Fischl eventually slays. After vanquishing it, she proclaims "May my people be freed from the shackles of ancient decrees." [[Mona]] believes that "Tasraque" is a metaphor for the rejection Fischl faced from her parents and peers.<ref name="IA2">{{Ref/Quest|Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 2)}}</ref>
*'''Zarathustra:''' A philosopher in the ''Flowers for Princess Fischl'' series. His role is unclear, but from context, it can be assumed that he normally gains control over the will of the world; in a distant causality, the opera writer &mdash; also called The Musician &mdash; gains control instead.

==Terminology==
*'''Auge der Verurteilung:''' In ''Flowers for Princess Fischl'', Fischl's left eye is capable of seeing all the truths of the world. She usually keeps it covered.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Fischl|More About Fischl: II}}</ref>
*'''Edelstein der Dunkelheit:''' Fischl's name for her [[Vision]].<ref>{{Ref/VO|Fischl|About the Vision}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/CS|Fischl|Vision}}</ref>
*'''Garten Sansoucci:''' Mentioned in Fischl's [[Fischl/Voice-Overs#Receiving a Gift: I|Receiving a Gift: I]] Voice-Over.
**"Sansoucci" likely comes from the {{w|Sanssouci}} palace located in Germany. Sanssouci comes from French ''sans souci'' "without worries".
*'''Mitternachtsbrot des Sommernachtgartens:''' Mentioned in Fischl's [[Fischl/Voice-Overs#Favorite Food|Favorite Food]] Voice-Over.
*'''Nachtraben Ritter:''' The Night Raven Knights who have pledged their loyalty to Fischl.<ref name="IA1" />
*'''Sommernachtgarten:''' Domains of consciousness which can be created by those skilled in magical arts.<ref name="FFPF" />
**"Sieh an, mein Sommernachtgarten!" translates to "Behold, my Summer Night Garden!" and is the [[Sieh an, mein Sommernachtgarten!|track name]] for Fischl's Character Teaser, as well as the password for the gate in [[Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 3)]].
*'''Thundering Retribution:''' The power by which Fischl cleanses the ugly and wicked.<ref name="FischlCS" />

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*"Soteria" comes from the Ancient Greek word {{lang|mini=1|grc={{wt|σωτηρία}}|grc_rm=sōtēríā}}, meaning "deliverance" or "salvation."
*"Tasraque" comes from {{w|Tarasque}}, a dragon-like mythological hybrid who appears in legends from southern France.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Immernachtreich
|en_lang = de
|en_tl   = Evernight Kingdom
|zhs     = 幽夜净土
|zhs_rm  = Yōuyè Jìngtǔ
|zht     = 幽夜淨土
|zht_rm  = Yōuyè Jìngtǔ
|zh_tl   = Serene-Night {{w|Pure land|Pure Land}}
|ja      = {{rubi|幽|ゆう|夜|や|浄|じょう|土|ど}}
|ja_rm   = Yuuya Joudo
|ja_tl   = Serene-Night {{w|Pure land|Pure Land}}
|ko      = 유야 정토
|ko_rm   = Yuya Jeongto
|ko_tl   = Lonely Night Elysium
|es      = Reino de la Noche Eterna
|es_tl   = Realm of the Eternal Night
|fr      = Empire de la nuit éternelle
|fr_tl   = Empire of the Eternal Night
|ru      = Нирвана Ночи
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ดินแดนแห่งราตรีบริสุทธิ์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vương Đô U Ám
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Immernachtreich
|id      = Immernachtreich
|pt      = Reino da Noite Eterna
|pt_tl   = Realm of the Eternal Night
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}