{{Act Infobox
|image          = Summertime Odyssey Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Summertime Odyssey
|actNum         = IV
|actType        = None
|prev           = Blazin' Trails
|next           = The Ancient Azure Stars
}}
'''Immernachtreich Apokalypse''' is the fourth act of the [[Summertime Odyssey]] event.

==Quests==
* [[Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 1)]]
* [[Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 2)]]
* [[Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 3)]]

==Summary==
The next morning, the group discovers a raven statue resembling Oz and a book ("Hymn of the Holy Land") lying abandoned on the beach, although Fischl and Oz are nowhere to be found. They decide to enter the mirage, believing that Fischl would catch up to them sooner or later. Within the mirage, they find the Immernachtreich of Fischl's imagination: a strange domain where the events of the Prinzessin's life is recounted by a narrator and talking raven statues represent the citizens of the kingdom. The group makes their way through the domain and find the book on its last page. Upon closing it, they are transported to another domain, this time mimicking Fischl's home. The group witnesses scenes from Fischl's past — namely, memories of Fischl's parents playing along with her fantasy when she was a child and calling her by her real name, Amy. However, they are abruptly forced out of the mirage and back to the archipelago before they can finish the story. The book and statue they had previously used to enter the mirage also stop working. [[Arnold]], another raven statue, overhears their plight and directs them to the other two volumes (domains) of "Hymn of the Holy Land."

On the way to the second volume, the group is met by two raven statue guards, but are let go after they prove themselves to be Fischl's retainers. The narrator recounts the story of a battle between the Prinzessin and a terrible dragon, which Mona surmises is the representation of the reality that Fischl refuses to face. Once they clear the domain and close the second volume, they witness another one of Fischl's memories—one in which Fischl's parents told her to give up on believing in fairy tales, and dedicate her time to something more meaningful. They are once again transported outside the mirage, and Arnold then tells them how to reach the third and last volume.

On their way to the third volume, the group runs into the same guards from before. This time, the guards refuse to let them through until Fischl arrives and dismisses them for disparaging her friends. Now with Fischl in tow, they open the book and re-enter the mirage. The domain is now a castle with missing pieces, which Oz claims is the same toy castle Fischl had once destroyed during a tantrum. The group repairs the bridge and enters the castle; however, when they close the final volume, they are instead transported to a large library. There, they discover [[Immernacht Fischl|another Fischl]], who convinces Oz to recognize her as his true master. Immernacht Fischl claims that the Immernachtreich is a tomb for those who cannot face reality, and that she will trap the entire group in her domain for eternity. The real Fischl is devastated by Oz's betrayal and her other self's words, but Xinyan, Kazuha, and Mona are able to restore her resolve. The group fight their way through the library and Fischl confronts her doppelganger; she admits to her insecurities and faults, but also takes pride in the power of her imagination, reclaiming the Immernachtreich for herself. Oz then says that Immernacht Fischl and Amy are one and the same — they represent two sides of the same person, Fischl. Upon hearing this, Fischl embraces the darkness within herself represented by the doppelganger and regains her confidence, formally welcoming everyone to the Immernachtreich.

The group then returns to the isle. Fischl is glad to have confronted her insecurities, now knowing that her imagination is unique and wonderful. The Traveler and Paimon climb to the top of the castle and try to contact with Venti, but the connection is hijacked by [[Lesser Lord Kusanali|an unknown entity]]. The voice states that they'll be meeting soon and that the mirages represent the "deep dream" of humans, telling them to witness everything the Archipelago has to offer before they speak again.

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Immernachtreich Apokalypse
|zhs       = 幽夜默示录
|zhs_rm    = Yōuyè Mòshì-lù
|zht       = 幽夜默示錄
|zht_rm    = Yōuyè Mòshì-lù
|zh_tl     = Records of Immernacht Apocalypse
|zhja_note = {{Lang|zh=默示录|ja=黙示録|ja_lit=Records of Apocalypse}} refers to the ''{{w|Book of Revelation}}'', the final book of the ''{{w|New Testament}}'' of the ''{{w|Bible}}''. {{zh|幽夜|tl=Immernacht|lit=Serene-Night}} refers to the {{Lang|[[Immernachtreich]]|zh=幽夜净土|ja=幽夜浄土}}.
|ja        = 幽夜の黙示録
|ja_rm     = Yuuya no Mokushiroku{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl     = Records of Immernacht Apocalypse
|ko        = 유야 묵시록
|ko_tl     = Lonely Night Apocalypse
|es        = Apocalipsis de la Noche Eterna
|es_tl     = Apocalypse of the Eternal Night
|fr        = Apocalypse de la nuit éternelle
|fr_tl     = Apocalypse of the Eternal Night
|ru        = Апокалипсис вечной ночи
|ru_tl     = Eternal Night Apocalypse
|th        = วิวรณ์แห่งราตรีบริสุทธิ์
|th_rm     = Vivorn haeng Ratree Borisut
|th_tl     = Revelation of Untainted Midnight
|vi        = Khúc Khải Huyền U Ám
|vi_tl     = Revelation of Dark Apocalypse
|de        = Apokalypse des Immernachtreichs
|de_tl     = Apocalypse of the Immernachtreich
|id        = Pewahyuan Immernachtreich
|id_tl     = Revelation of Immernachtreich
|pt        = Apocalipse da Noite Eterna
|pt_tl     = Apocalypse of the Eternal Night
|tr        = Immernachtreich Kıyameti
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Immernachtreich Apokalypse
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Una travesía estival (IV)]]
[[ja:幽夜の黙示録]]
[[pt-br:Apocalipse da Noite Eterna]]