{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = Blizzard Strayer Equipment Card.png
|deceased         = Past
|name             = Imunlaukr
|affiliation      = Sal Vindagnyr
|affiliation2     = Imunlaukr Clan
|region           = Mondstadt
|title            = Ice-Breaking Outlander
}}
'''Imunlaukr''' was a historical figure that lived in [[Sal Vindagnyr]] at the time of its fall.

He is also the namesake of the [[Imunlaukr Clan]], one of the founding clans of [[Barbatos]]' [[Mondstadt]] after Barbatos became the Anemo [[Archon]] 2,600 years ago.

==Story==
Little is known about Imunlaukr's origins; however, he is called an outlander by those of Sal Vindagnyr,<ref name="AC">{{Ref/HEO|Dragonspine's Glacial Secret}}</ref> indicating he is not a native to that region. At some point, he settled in Sal Vindagnyr and grew close to its [[Princess of Sal Vindagnyr|princess]].

After the [[Skyfrost Nail]] drastically changed the environment in the once-verdant land, Imunlaukr departed to find a way to save the nation.<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Blizzard Strayer}}</ref> He returned empty-handed, however, and found that the nation's inhabitants all died in his absence.

Greatly aggrieved and disillusioned, Imunlaukr parted with his sword, the [[Snow-Tombed Starsilver]], and went to seek out a place to fight. His life afterwards is unknown, but he had descendants who became the Imunlaukr Clan.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Sacrificial Greatsword|Lore}}</ref>

==Trivia==
*Imunlaukr's name likely originates from [http://viking.archeurope.info/index.php?page=kennings an Old Norse stanza] by Norwegian skald Eyvindr Finnsson skáldaspillir, in which he used ''ímun-laukr'', literally "war-leek," as a kenning for a sword. The same stanza, in turn, uses ''Ullr ímunlauks'' ("Ullr of the sword") as a kenning for a warrior, which matches his description.
*It's likely that Imunlaukr fought creatures from the Abyss during his time away from the mountain, as he returned with black blood dripping from his weapon, which is similar to the description of the Mondstadt expedition to Khaenri'ah to face the monsters spreading from there.<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Brave Heart}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Imunlaukr
|zhs      = 伊蒙洛卡
|zhs_rm   = Yīméngluòkǎ
|zht      = 伊蒙洛卡
|zht_rm   = Yīméngluòkǎ
|ja       = エーモンロカ
|ja_rm    = Eemonroka
|ko       = 이뮨라우크
|ko_rm    = Imyunraukeu
|es       = Imunlaukr
|fr       = Imunlaukr
|ru       = Имунлаукр
|th       = Imunlaukr
|vi       = Imunlaukr
|de       = Imunlaukr
|id       = Imunlaukr
|pt       = Imunlaukr
|tr       = 
|it       = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Imunlaukr]]
[[fr:Imunlaukr]]
[[ja:エーモンロカ]]
[[pt-br:Imunlaukr]]
[[uk:Імунлаукр]]