{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 14009
|image         = Story Quest In a New Light.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Diluvies Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = The Remains of the Past Day
|character     = Neuvillette
|startLocation = [[Administrative Area]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Liffey Region
|subarea       = Fortress of Meropide
|poi           = Administrative Area
|prev          = Ever-Surging Memories
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*550;Primogem*60;Mora*38,100;Guide to Equity*5;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|characters    = Alain Guillotin; Arouet; Auriol; Carole; Charlotte; Clorinde; Domenico; Freminet; Gordes; Kiara; Livre; Lynette; Lyney; Massena; Millereau; Monglane; Navia; Neuvillette; Oudinot; Paimon; Seymour; Sigewinne; Simone; Serrurier; Arlecchino; Traveler; Vautrin; Wriothesley; Xugney
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''In a New Light''' is the third part of {{Quest|The Remains of the Past Day}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Fortress of Meropide]]
# Talk to [[Wriothesley]]
# Rest at the infirmary
# Investigate the mysterious organization (0/3)
# Inform [[Neuvillette]] of your investigation results
# Go to Wriothesley's office
# Talk to Wriothesley
# Follow Neuvillette
# Return to the [[Palais Mermonia]]
# Talk to [[Kiara]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 8, the player will be in a special story mode where the party is limited to the Traveler and all actions are restricted except for walking, climbing, and Quest Navigation.

==Dialogue==
{{Stub|Verify dialogue before and after completing ''[[Reborn in the Land of Grievances]]'' and ''[[Masquerade of the Guilty]]''}}
{{Quest Description|You learn of the culprit's name from the criminals [[Navia]] gathered. However, that person is currently at the Fortress of Meropide. It looks like you'll have to make a trip down there...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Monglane, optional)
:{{A|vo sllq003 3 monglane 01.ogg}} '''Monglane:''' It's Monsieur Neuvillette!

;(Talk to Monglane, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 monglane 01.ogg}} '''Monglane:''' Am I seeing things?

;(Approach Wriothesley)
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Welcome to the Fortress of Meropide, dear esteemed guests.
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're back!
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, and a greeting from none other than the Duke himself! Guess we've made a name for ourselves at this place, hehe.
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' This isn't anything new. I figured you had important matters to discuss when the two of you &mdash; not to mention the Chief Justice &mdash; showed up.
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Let us assume we've gone through the pleasantries and cut right to the chase.
:{{Black Screen|You tell Wriothesley about the threat letter Kiara received...}}
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I do remember a thing or two about Domenico. He once attempted to round up the other inmates and instigate a protest.
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who does this guy think he is!? Paimon hopes nothing came of it.
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' He "once attempted to," I said, meaning that it was over before it even started. And now he's threatening Melusines, is he?
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' ...To be honest, Domenico doesn't seem like much of a conspirator. The fact that the three of you bothered to personally investigate raises a flag... Is there something else going on behind the scenes here?
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, he's got the same concerns we do!
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I am concerned about this incident because something similar has occurred in the past. I wish to meet Domenico in person and have my questions answered.
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' That's an easy one. Let me think, I think he's at...
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Did I hear someone say "Melusine"? What happened?
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sigewinne!
:{{DIcon}} A Melusine named Kiara received a threatening letter.
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, and we're investigating! The person who threatened her seems to be held imprisoned here.
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Really? Is Kiara gonna be okay?
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' There's no need to worry. [[Clorinde]] is protecting her as we speak.
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oh, that's great. But if the criminal's still... Is there anything you can do about this?
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Ah, Head Nurse, do you require me to personally deal with the criminal?
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Wriothesley.
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Okay, I get it. I'll bring Domenico to you &mdash; that's your only demand, correct?
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Think of it as more of a humble request. I am here on my own accord, not to formally transfer a criminal for trial. I urge you to set aside any concerns.
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Thanks for the trouble. Consider me in your debt.
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... If Paimon were you, Your Grace, Paimon would take this chance to ask for something really important!
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 wriothesley 11.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Well, were I still a criminal, I'd probably ask for a lighter sentence &mdash; but I'm sure Monsieur Neuvillette would reject that.
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 wriothesley 12.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' But enough jokes. I'll look for Domenico and bring him to you.
:{{A|vo sllq003 1 wriothesley 13.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Make yourselves at home. Our dear Head Nurse has mentioned you quite a few times, so I'm sure she has a lot to say.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo sllq003 2 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Please come with me to the infirmary.
:{{A|vo sllq003 2 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Ah, and watch your step. There are some pretty dark areas, so make sure you don't trip over anything.

;(Approach Gordes, optional)
:{{A|vo sllq003 5 goldet 01.ogg}} '''Gordes:''' Did Neuvillette just walk by?

;(Talk to Gordes, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 goldet 01.ogg}} '''Gordes:''' Eh, I must've been mistaken.

;(Approach Auriol, optional)
:{{A|vo sllq003 9 auriol 01.ogg}} '''Auriol:''' Now that I think about it, I can leave this place soon... Huh?

;(Talk to Auriol, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 auriol 01.ogg}} '''Auriol:''' I'm Auriol, a member of the Mutual Aid Network. Is there something you need?

;(Approach Millereau, optional)
:{{A|vo sllq003 7 millereau 01.ogg}} '''Millereau:''' We just had a new member join us last month...

;(Talk to Millereau, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 millereau 01.ogg}} '''Millereau:''' Hmm? May I help you with anything?

;(Enter the infirmary)
:{{A|vo sllq003 11 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Please rest here for a moment.
:{{A|vo sllq003 11 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oh, and would anyone like anything to drink?
:{{A|vo sllq003 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mm, Paimon's not that thirsty, but thanks anyway!
:{{A|vo sllq003 11 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Thirst is a warning sign that you're dehydrated, which means you have to drink up even before that.
:{{A|vo sllq003 11 sigewinne 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I'll bring you some tea. I'm sure you'll have a lot to talk about.
:{{A|vo sllq003 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Typical Sigewinne, concerned about everyone's health as always...
:{{A|vo sllq003 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why aren't you two saying anything?
:{{DIcon}} The criminals we passed by earlier...
:{{A|vo sllq003 11 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' You noticed them too? The badges they wore on their chests looked quite familiar.
:{{A|vo sllq003 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Familiar? Uh, Paimon didn't even realize they were wearing them...
:{{A|vo sllq003 11 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But if the both of you say so, let's go ask them about it!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon and I will go.
:{{DIcon}} You're not exactly a sight for sore eyes around here.
:{{A|vo sllq003 11 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' That's not a bad idea. I'll stay here and wait for news from you.

;(Talk to Neuvillette again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I place great trust in Wriothesley, so I rarely visit the Fortress of Meropide. However, exceptional circumstances call for exceptional measures... I hope I didn't cause him too much trouble.
----
{{Quest Description|update|On your way to the infirmary, Neuvillette notices some criminals wearing badges with a familiar design. Perhaps you should ask around about it.}}
;(Talk to Auriol)
:{{A|vo sllq003 16 auriol 01.ogg}} '''Auriol:''' Hmm... You two look kinda familiar...
:{{DIcon}} The badge you're wearing...
:{{A|vo sllq003 16 auriol 02.ogg}} '''Auriol:''' It's the symbol of the Mutual Aid Network, designed by our first president.
:{{A|vo sllq003 16 auriol 03.ogg}} '''Auriol:''' From what I've heard, it's based on something called a Medal of Peace. I've never seen one of those medals for myself, though.
:{{DIcon}} Medal of Peace?
:{{A|vo sllq003 16 auriol 04.ogg}} '''Auriol:''' The first president of our network was an amazing person. Powerful as he was, he never used his strength against anyone. He encouraged the weaker criminals to stick together and look out for each other.
:{{A|vo sllq003 16 auriol 05.ogg}} '''Auriol:''' ...All of us have a lot of respect for him.

;(Talk to Auriol again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 auriol 02.ogg}} '''Auriol:''' I had many grievances about my situation before joining the network. I knew that I had committed crimes, yes, but that alone didn't stop life here from being miserable.
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 auriol 03.ogg}} '''Auriol:''' But look at me now! Chatting with my friends, doing meaningful things together...

;(Talk to Millereau)
:{{A|vo sllq003 15 millereau 01.ogg}} '''Millereau:''' Interested in joining the Mutual Aid Network?
:{{A|vo sllq003 15 millereau 02.ogg}} '''Millereau:''' If you'd like to learn more, here's our flyer.
::'''Mutual Aid Network Advertisement'''
::"Help each other."<br><!--
-->"Do all you can to further justice."<br><!--
-->"Do not detest just judgment."<br><!--
--><br><!--
-->The above are the three principles of the Mutual Aid Network. All are welcome to join and membership is free. There are no compulsory group events.<br><!--
-->The Mutual Aid Network encourages members to do what they are able, including but not limited to cleaning, exercising, tutoring, and studying.<br><!--
-->It is hoped that all Mutual Aid Network members will, during their time in the Fortress of Meropide, face up to the crimes they have committed. Encourage each other, support each other, and welcome the future together.
:{{A|vo sllq003 15 millereau 03.ogg}} '''Millereau:''' Our slogan may have evolved over the centuries, but our goal has remained unchanged.
:{{A|vo sllq003 15 millereau 04.ogg}} '''Millereau:''' Here, this book is for you. You're welcome to come and sign up anytime.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Mutual Aid Network Advertisement}})

;(Talk to Millereau again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 millereau 02.ogg}} '''Millereau:''' What do you think? Interested in joining?

;(Talk to Gordes) {{Verify|Verify dialogue differences before and after completing ''[[Reborn in the Land of Grievances]]''}}
:{{A|vo sllq003 14 goldet 01.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo sllq003 13 goldet 01.ogg}}--> '''Gordes:''' Anything you need?
:{{DIcon}} The badge you're wearing...
:{{A|vo sllq003 14 goldet 02.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo sllq003 13 goldet 02.ogg}}--> '''Gordes:''' Oh, this? Are you interested in joining the Mutual Aid Network?
;(Before completing ''Reborn in the Land of Grievances'')
::{{A|vo sllq003 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's that?
;(After completing ''Reborn in the Land of Grievances'')
::{{A|vo sllq003 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Mutual Aid Network? Don't tell Paimon you're another shady organization like the Beret Society...
::{{A|vo sllq003 14 goldet 03.ogg}} '''Gordes:''' The Beret Society... Oh, you mean the group that was dissolved a while back? Rest assured, we're completely different.
::{{A|vo sllq003 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay then. What does your network usually do?
:{{A|vo sllq003 14 goldet 04.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo sllq003 13 goldet 03.ogg}}--> '''Gordes:''' We have a very long history, going back as far as four hundred years ago.
:{{A|vo sllq003 14 goldet 05.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo sllq003 13 goldet 04.ogg}}--> '''Gordes:''' We have never had many members throughout our history, nor do we have much of a reputation... But everyone treats each other like family.
:{{A|vo sllq003 14 goldet 06.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo sllq003 13 goldet 05.ogg}}--> '''Gordes:''' Helping each other is our purpose. At the same time, we seek to maintain just dealings as far much possible.
:{{A|vo sllq003 14 paimon 03.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo sllq003 13 paimon 02.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' Sounds like a pretty neat organization!
:{{A|vo sllq003 14 goldet 07.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo sllq003 13 goldet 06.ogg}}--> '''Gordes:''' Haha, all we want is to defend ourselves. None of us have ever committed serious crimes, and we're not especially powerful either. We're at a natural disadvantage here in the Fortress.
:{{A|vo sllq003 14 goldet 08.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo sllq003 13 goldet 07.ogg}}--> '''Gordes:''' But people won't give us a hard time if we stick together.

;(Talk to Gordes again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 goldet 02.ogg}} '''Gordes:''' Recently, a criminal named Domenico attempted to incite the other criminals to rebel against Neuvillette.
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 goldet 03.ogg}} '''Gordes:''' We of the Mutual Aid Network couldn't just stand there and watch, so we stepped in and taught him a lesson.

;(After talking to all three people)
:{{A|vo sllq003 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should've gathered enough information! Let's head back and talk to Neuvillette!
----
;(Approach Neuvillette)
:{{A|vo sllq003 21 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Did you manage to gather any intel?
:{{A|vo sllq003 21 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The people who wore the badges belong to an organization called the Mutual Aid Network.
:{{A|vo sllq003 21 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' According to them, the badge's design was inspired by a Medal of Peace. Have you seen any of those before?
:{{A|vo sllq003 21 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I personally crafted two of them myself. They were awarded to Carole and Vautrin.
:{{A|vo sllq003 21 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Carole's medal was destroyed in a fire. The only one that remained should belong to Vautrin.
:{{A|vo sllq003 21 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo sllq003 21 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the network was inspired by...
:{{A|vo sllq003 21 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Monsieur Neuvillette, His Grace has requested your presence in his office. He's found Domenico.
:{{A|vo sllq003 21 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...Alright. Let us talk to him first and get to the bottom of this situation.
----
{{Quest Description|update|Sigewinne informs you that Wriothesley has found the suspect. Go to his office and ask him for more details.}}
;(Approach Wriothesley and Domenico)
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Allow me to introduce this... fine gentleman, Domenico.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Why don't you explain everything to him?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 01.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' N&mdash;Neuvillette!?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 02.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' What do you want? What are you gonna do, kill me?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Calm down. I merely wanted to ask you a few questions.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Was it your idea to send that letter to a Melusine?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 03.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Esseim has already confessed, so there really isn't any need to keep hiding.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 04.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' That idiot... I can't believe I trusted him!
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Let me ask this again: It was your idea to send that threat letter, correct?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 05.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' ...Yes.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Who is pulling your strings?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 06.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' What?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 07.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' Y&mdash;You're not trying to frame me for something I haven't done, are you?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' It's best if you realize the gravity of your situation. The Chief Justice of Fontaine has been personally investigating your case.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I assume your previous attempt to incite unrest at the Fortress of Meropide has something to do with this as well.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 08.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' I... I admit I acted on impulse... I'll tell you the truth... but before that, you must ensure my safety.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I can do that.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You see? We're all reasonable people here.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 09.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' I only intended to do some small business at first. Someone contacted me about delivering some goods and promised me a generous sum of Mora in return.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 10.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' After making a few trips, I was suddenly approached by the [[Marechaussee Phantom]]... They accused me of smuggling prohibited items, and I was put on trial&mdash;
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 11.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' But I refuse to accept any of that. The ignorant can be rightfully absolved from guilt, right? Well, I suspect that someone got me locked up here so they could get their hands on my goods...
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And then you decided to take revenge on the Melusines... over that?
:{{DIcon}} Ignorance is not an excuse, by the way.
:{{DIcon}} You're hopeless.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 12.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' My initial target was Neuvillette. Everyone in the Fortress of Meropide was declared guilty by him, after all, so they must more or less hold a grudge against him, right? If I could get them to strike back...
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 13.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' But for some reason, no one wanted to team up with me. That... Mutual Aid Network, in particular. What did those nobodies even gain from trying to challenge me, seriously...
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 14.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' In the end, I had to redirect my focus onto Melusines to salvage things.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 15.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' I recalled that Kiara was the one who confiscated my goods for inspection, so I asked one of the more approachable guards to send a letter, claiming that I meant to contact my family...
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 16.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' But the letter was in fact addressed to Esseim. I requested that he write a threat letter to Kiara and force her to resign from the Marechaussee Phantom...
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Am I to assume that the claims you've made are your own thoughts? Have you been in contact with any suspicious people recently?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 17.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' No.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Is it true that all members involved in the smuggling scandal have been caught?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 domenico 18.ogg}} '''Domenico:''' Yes... and that's all I know.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Sigewinne, please take him back to the detention center. I'll deal with him later.
:{{Color|menu|Sigewinne leads Domenico away from the scene.}}
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' So, Monsieur Neuvillette, you were concerned that there might be a shadowy faction looking to capitalize on the delicate situation with the Melusines to stir up greater chaos?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 12.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Yes. I experienced a similar incident in the past, so I had to be prepared for any possibility.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' And how long ago was this incident?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 13.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' More than four hundred years.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You might be overthinking this.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 11.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Time can change a lot of things. Everything's different now.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 14.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' What do you mean?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 12.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Four hundred years ago, you and the Melusines you brought to Fontaine were the outliers in society.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 13.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' But in the present day, if someone were to threaten the safety of the Melusines, people wouldn't just sit back and do nothing. I trust that they would make different choices from before.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! We saw lots of people standing up for Melusines on our way back to the Palais Mermonia!
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 14.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Monsieur Neuvillette, the Melusines are a species you introduced to Fontaine. How the public treats them is also reflective of their attitude towards you.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 15.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' When people refused to place their trust in Melusines, it was because they were still on the fence about you &mdash; their unfamiliar Chief Justice.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 16.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' For almost five hundred years, you've conducted every trial with impartiality. You made the right judgment each time regardless of whatever nonsense went on.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 17.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' People no longer have any reservations about you and even consider you a symbol of the law.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 18.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Right now, your every decision will impact all of Fontaine. In other words, you've gradually transformed the whole nation.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it now. No wonder no one wanted to join forces with Domenico...
:{{DIcon}} Tragedies like that won't ever happen again.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 15.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I am undeserving of such high compliments. From my perspective, I have simply been fulfilling my duties.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 16.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It isn't anything special or worthy of praise. I'm simply fulfilling the promises I've made and searching for answers through my judgments.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 17.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It's unnecessary to hold me in such high regard... The complexity of human emotions and willpower far exceed those of mine. As a matter of fact, I believe that you are the ones who deserve my respect.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 19.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Ah, there's no need to be so modest. The current state of affairs says it all.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 20.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You're no longer that outsider you were before. Even if you wished to investigate something on your own, many would take the initiative to lend you a hand.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 18.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I must say that you've made a fair point.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 19.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Thank you for clearing my doubts. Now that the case has been settled, I should get going.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You're leaving?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 21.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' And so soon, too? Why not stay for a cup of tea?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 20.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Thank you for the offer, but I know how this place works all too well.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 21.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' While some are here to redeem themselves, there will inevitably be those who harbor resentment towards me.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 22.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The less time I spend here, the better. My presence could very well result in an unwanted disturbance.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 22.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' In that case, I'll have to insist. I still have two more things to say.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 23.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Please go ahead.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 23.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The first is about the guard who helped Domenico send that letter...
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 24.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Ah, I know of what you speak.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 25.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The guard was indeed deployed from the Palais Mermonia's staff. However, as I mentioned earlier, I visited today on personal business. Therefore, I leave that matter in your hands.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 24.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Well, that makes things a lot easier.
:{{DIcon}} You're not going to...
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 25.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Hey now, don't let your imagination run wild.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 26.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Those from up there have a tendency to sympathize with others. However, down here, such thoughts will put you at high risk.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 27.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I'll have a chat with the guard and remind him to take precautions in the future.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 26.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I see no issues with that.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great, that's one thing out of the way! What's the other thing you wanted to say?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 28.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The other thing was born from my own sense of curiosity. Now, I've heard that you investigated the Mutual Aid Network. Is that right?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep. Neuvillette thought their badges looked familiar...
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 29.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I noticed the small gang as well, when I first took over the Fortress of Meropide. They were not great in number, but every member always made sure to stand up for what was right.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 30.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I've looked into their founder &mdash; Vautrin &mdash; who once stood trial and was sentenced to imprisonment in the Fortress.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 31.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' According to existing documentation, Vautrin remained disciplined throughout his imprisonment. He had never once engaged in physical or verbal aggression.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 32.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' In other words, how he presented himself in prison was very different from his behavior in court.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 27.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' What?
:{{DIcon}} Doesn't he hate Neuvillette?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 28.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' During his trial, I could sense that his feelings were complicated. He appeared to be full of resentment, and I believed he had every right to feel that way.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 33.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Perhaps he had been putting on an act.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' An act?
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 34.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Neuvillette and Vautrin had a close relationship as superior and subordinate. Vautrin must've known that the Chief Justice would make an impartial judgment.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 35.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Thus, the more resentment he displayed, the clearer it would be to those present that you were upholding justice.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 36.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' And to those who had been sitting on the fence, Vautrin's act was a very meaningful one.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 29.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 37.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' That's all from me. Does anyone else have anything to say? Now's your chance.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 30.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I don't have anything to say &mdash; apart from expressing my gratitude, that is.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 neuvillette 31.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Well then, let us head back. No need to see us off.
:{{A|vo sllq003 22 wriothesley 38.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Please take care.
:;(The player is teleported to [[Court of Fontaine: Quartier Lyonnais]])

;(Talk to Wriothesley again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 wriothesley 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Troubles are an inevitable part of life, but it seems like the Chief Justice has had more of them than most.
----
{{Quest Description|update|As you leave the Fortress of Meropide, Neuvillette appears to be deep in thought. What might he be feeling at this moment? Will he still think of himself as an outsider to this world?}}
;(Follow Neuvillette)
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' That trial is something I rarely bring up in conversation, but I've always felt deep regret for what happened to both Carole and Vautrin.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The words he spoke in court often replay in my mind, as if urging me on to do something...
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Wriothesley said he never resented you, right? Isn't that a good thing?
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I believe I now understand what he wanted to tell me.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I feel conflicted about those words. How should I describe it... Surprise, relief, fear, and regret... But this blend of emotions has led me to finally understand some things.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I would like to hear your thoughts, too. What do you think of me?
<!--switches from autoplayed dialogue to click dialogue-->
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon agrees with everything Wriothesley said.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As Chief Justice, every single one of your trials makes an impact on Fontaine... What do you think, {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heyyy, {{Traveler}}! Any comments?
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo sllq003 24 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' What I really think is...
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 hero 02.ogg}} {{A|vo sllq003 24 heroine 02.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' Every trial you've ever judged has left its impression on you. And that's what makes you who you are today.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (As the Hydro Dragon Sovereign, Neuvillette still thinks of himself as an outsider due to his identity...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (But so much time has passed since then... Perhaps the lines between him and humans have long since blurred.)
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...That is indeed a reasonable assumption.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 07.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' As I said, I find it difficult to express my emotions... because I cannot fully understand myself.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 08.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' But I trust your judgment. Since some time ago, I've begun to notice the changes that have occurred upon my person.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 09.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' These changes were not due to any specific occurrence, but emerged as a result of time itself.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 10.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I will try to contemplate this further. Thank you both.
{{Cutscene Description|As you walk together down the street, the sky suddenly begins pouring rain. Paimon cries out amid the sudden downpour, and drags you ahead.<br>As the rain drenches Neuvillette, he feels the memories and emotions within the water once more.<br>He walks slowly forward, as over five centuries of people and experiences wash over him, flashing before his eyes.<br>"You will see much in the human world, from the delightful to the depressing..."<br>"And one day, when you have dwelt among humanity long enough, you will be placed to bring judgment over all, as the spokesperson for Fontaine's past."<br>The Melusine Carole and the human Garde Vautrin are standing at the end of the street, smiling as they wave at him.<br>"Good morning, Monsieur Neuvillette! The rainy season's almost over... The skies are supposed to clear in a few days."<br>"I hope you find time to enjoy the sunny days ahead."<br>Neuvillette looks up, and the sunlight pierces through the clouds as color returns to the world.<br>You and Paimon are smiling and waving nearby, as though urging him onward to catch up.}}
;(A cinematic plays)
::'''Paimon:''' It's raining!
::'''Paimon:''' Oh no
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon forgot to bring an umbrella...
::'''Paimon:''' Come on
::'''Paimon:''' Let's hurry before it rains harder!
:;(The world turns sepia, with only Neuvillette in color)
:;(Two people complain about the weather under an awning)
::'''Male Pedestrian 1:''' Ugh, it's raining again?
::'''Male Pedestrian 1:''' I've had enough of this weather
::'''Male Pedestrian 2:''' There go my travel plans...
:;(A couple walks by)
::'''Female Pedestrian 1:''' Did you read the news this morning?
:;(Another couple walks by)
::'''Female Pedestrian 2:''' Quick
::'''Female Pedestrian 2:''' Put away everything on the clotheslines!
:;(A man stands on the side of the street)
::'''Male Pedestrian 3:''' When is this rain going to stop...
:;(A child runs out to an open area and shouts out)
::'''Child:''' Hydro Dragon, Hydro Dragon, don't cry!
:;(Neuvillette, hearing this, turns around to see an empty street)
:;(At [[Elynas]], [[Alain Guillotin|Alain]] kneels down to talk to [[Seymour]])
::'''Alain Guillotin:''' They're planning to reanimate the monster...
::'''Alain Guillotin:''' We have to report this to the Chief Justice
:;(Wriothesley looks around the Fortress of Meropide)
::'''Wriothesley:''' The Fortress of Meropide...
::'''Wriothesley:''' It's a good place for me
:;(An injured prisoner walks up to Sigewinne for medical attention)
:;(Navia mourns at [[Callas]]'s grave)
::'''Navia:''' He owes me so many answers...
:;([[Lyney]], [[Lynette]], and [[Freminet]] talk to [[Arlecchino|the Knave]] in front of the [[House of the Hearth]])
::'''Lyney:''' Neuvillette?
::'''Lyney:''' You could say he's the real symbol of Fontaine's justice
::'''The Knave:''' Watch him closely
::'''The Knave:''' He could be trouble
:;(In front of the Opera Epiclese in the past)
::'''Simone:''' How can two completely different species possibly coexist?
:;(In front of the Opera Epiclese in the present)
::'''Serrurier:''' Who's been threatening Melusines?
::'''Serrurier:''' Show yourself!
::'''???:''' You will see much
::'''???:''' In the human world
::'''???:''' From the delightful to the depressing...
::'''???:''' And one day, when you have dwelt among humanity long enough
::'''???:''' You will be placed to bring judgment over all
::'''???:''' As the spokesperson for Fontaine's past
::'''Carole:''' Good morning, Monsieur Neuvillette!
::'''Carole:''' The rainy season's almost over...
::'''Carole:''' The skies are supposed to clear in a few days
::'''Vautrin:''' I hope you find time to enjoy the sunny days ahead
:;(Cinematic ends)
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 clorinde 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Is the matter resolved?
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup! We found the person who sent that threatening letter. Wriothesley told us he'd keep a close eye on him, so the Melusines should be safe now.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Oh, that's wonderful!
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 11.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Sorry for dragging you all into this.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 clorinde 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' There's no need to apologize.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Yeah, you didn't drag us in. We got involved of our own accord.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, where's Kiara?
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 clorinde 03.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' At the Palais Mermonia. More than fifty people offered to protect her &mdash; some even hid within the bushes to look out for danger.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 clorinde 04.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I was worried that the excess of protection would make her feel uneasy, so I asked her to stay inside the Palais. It's very safe in there.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew, what a relief!
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 charlotte 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Well now, it looks like the dust has finally settled!
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 charlotte 02.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' To celebrate this joyous occasion... Monsieur Neuvillette, would you be interested in an exclusive interview?
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's not how you celebrate!
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 12.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I will consider it.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 charlotte 03.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' *gasp* Really!?
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 13.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Of course. My schedule is full for the following weeks, but I should be available next month.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 14.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Come up with questions during the intervening days, and I will answer them to the best of my ability.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 charlotte 04.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 charlotte 05.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 charlotte 06.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' Yes! Thank you so much, Monsieur!
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 15.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Now, if you'll excuse me, I must head back to the Palais and issue a communique to publicize our investigation results.
:{{A|vo sllq003 24 neuvillette 16.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I hope it will assuage the concerns of all.

;(Talk to Charlotte, Navia, or Clorinde, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 charlotte 01.ogg}} '''Charlotte:''' An exclusive interview! Am I dreaming...? What should I ask him?
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Don't let anything hold you back. Make the most of this opportunity and ask away!
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 clorinde 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I agree. He'll decline any question he can't answer anyway, so you might as well give all of them a shot.

;(Talk to [[Livre]] or [[Xugney]], optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 livre 01.ogg}} '''Livre:''' [[Charlotte]]'s voice never fails to carry through the walls. I have no idea what's going on, but it sounds like something good's happened.
:{{A|vo dialog sllq003 xugney 01.ogg}} '''Xugney:''' Everyone seems to be in good spirits. This truly is a wonderful day...

----
;(Kiara's idle)
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 01.ogg}} '''Kiara:''' Zzz...

;(Talk to Kiara)
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 01.ogg}} '''Kiara:''' Zzz...
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 neuvillette 01.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Kiara?
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 02.ogg}} '''Kiara:''' Ah, Monsieur Neuvillette? Sorry, I accidentally fell asleep.
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' It's alright. I'm here to tell you that we've caught the sender of that threatening letter. You're safe now.
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 03.ogg}} '''Kiara:''' Thank you, Monsieur.
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 04a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 04b.ogg}}--> '''Kiara:''' And thank you too, {{Traveler}} and Big Sis Paimon. Everyone's been so nice to me, so I've always felt really safe.
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Do you remember Domenico? He was the sender of that letter.
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 05.ogg}} '''Kiara:''' Let me think... I can't remember. My memory isn't that good, so I easily forget things...
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 06.ogg}} '''Kiara:''' By the way, I saw Carole in my dreams just now. Hmm... where's she gone, by the way? I haven't seen her in a long time.
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 07.ogg}} '''Kiara:''' In my dream, she looked really happy. She held my hand and said: "Kiara, our dreams have finally come true!"
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 08.ogg}} '''Kiara:''' I can't remember what our dreams were anymore, and I don't know why, but I felt really happy too.
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I can sense your joy. It is indeed a delightful moment.
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 09.ogg}} '''Kiara:''' Hehe... Monsieur Neuvillette, are you happy too?
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 10.ogg}} '''Kiara:''' Ooh, I almost forgot! Am I allowed to go out now?
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 11.ogg}} '''Kiara:''' I promised to model for [[Eloffe]]!
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Of course &mdash; off you go.
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 12a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo sllq003 28 ciara 12b.ogg}}--> '''Kiara:''' See you next time, Monsieur, {{Traveler}}, and Big Sis Paimon!
:{{A|vo sllq003 28 neuvillette 06.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Mm... See you next time.
:;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Neuvillette, optional)
:;(Before completing ''[[Masquerade of the Guilty]]'')
:::{{A|vo dialog sllq003 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' ...
:::{{A|vo dialog sllq003 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I really can't fathom what goes on in her head sometimes.
:;(After completing ''Masquerade of the Guilty'')
:::{{A|vo dialog sllq001 neuvillette 02.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' I once thought that time was of no consequence to me.
:::{{A|vo dialog sllq001 neuvillette 03.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' Distance yourself from others and stay focused on your work. A few years or a few hundred... it's all the same.
:::{{A|vo dialog sllq001 neuvillette 04.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' But... after all this, I've realized that perhaps this way of thinking is fundamentally flawed.
:::{{A|vo dialog sllq001 neuvillette 05.ogg}} '''Neuvillette:''' The passing of time has its own consequences. The answer that I've been searching for amongst all those lives... perhaps it's life itself.

;(If ''Masquerade of the Guilty'' has not been completed, otherwise the interactable is not present)
:;(Read "Obtained the Reply Note")
::'''"Neuvillette's Note":''' "Away for personal reasons. Will be back in a day."
::'''Furina's Reply:''' "'Personal reasons'? Oh me, oh my, has our Chief Justice finally come to his senses?"
::'''Furina's Reply:''' "If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times &mdash; You should follow my example and go out more often. You need to get to know your people better!"
::'''Furina's Reply:''' "Even if something unfortunate happens, you'll still run into lots of unique characters along the way."
::'''Furina's Reply:''' "What do you think? The human world isn't too bad, now is it?"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = In a New Light
|zhs     = 旧事新解
|zhs_rm  = Jiùshì Xīnjiě
|zht     = 舊事新解
|zht_rm  = Jiùshì Xīnjiě
|zh_tl   = Old Matters, New Understandings
|ja      = 旧事新説
|ja_rm   = Kyuuji Shinsetsu
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 과거 재해석
|ko_tl   = A New Ending
|es      = Un nuevo final
|es_tl   = A New Ending
|fr      = Nouveau remède pour anciens maux
|fr_tl   = New Remedy for Old Pains
|ru      = В новом свете
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ไขปริศนาในอดีต
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Câu Chuyện Cũ, Cách Nhìn Mới
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine neue Lösung für ein altes Problem
|de_tl   = A New Solution for an Old Problem
|id      = Sudut Pandang Baru
|id_tl   = New Perspective
|pt      = Sob Uma Nova Luz
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yeni Bir Bakış Açısı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sotto una nuova luce
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}