{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11111
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Papilio Charontis Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away
|character     = Hu Tao
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|prev          = The Mysterious Wangsheng Parlor
|next          = Friendships, Wishes, and Regrets
|exp           = 400
|mora          = 27,825
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|characters    = Big G; Hu Tao; Luocheng; Meng; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''In Pursuit of a Phantom''' is the second part of [[Hu Tao]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Papilio Charontis Chapter]]: Act I - [[Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Meng]] at [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] and find out what happened
# Go to the exorcism site
# Protect the [[Ley Line Monolith]] and fend off the enemies
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Hilichurl Berserker*3;Dendro Samachurl}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Electro Hilichurl Shooter*2;Blazing Axe Mitachurl}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|When you agreed to help [[Hu Tao]] and followed her to the [[Adventurers' Guild]], you hadn't counted on becoming part of [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]]'s "business development" efforts. No topic is too sensitive for Hu Tao - certainly not matters of life and death - and even though some of her points make sense, you find them somewhat difficult to stomach. Then, when you voice your doubts about her approach, she tells you that she has long since moved on from business development to her next objective: finding someone called "[[Big G]]."}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Meng)
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Meng, I'm back! I'm afraid we're still no closer to finding Big G.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' I see. Well, I'm just sorry for the trouble. We've already searched in all the likely places...
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who is this Big G anyway?
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 meng 02.ogg}} '''Meng:''' I guess I should start at the beginning. My home was in the vicinity of Wuwang Hill. In my youth, I had a good many friends there.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 meng 03.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Big G was one of them. We were the best of friends, inseparable really. But one day there was an accident, and that was the end of him.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 meng 04.ogg}} '''Meng:''' I've never forgotten... Too many memories, I suppose. I often return to Wuwang Hill.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 meng 05.ogg}} '''Meng:''' But recently, after one such visit, I started to feel strange. Now, every night, Big G appears in my dreams.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 meng 06.ogg}} '''Meng:''' I can't help but wonder, did I disturb him somehow?
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a tall story.
:{{DIcon}} That kind of thing doesn't happen.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 meng 07.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Perhaps. I don't have proof, but I can't stop worrying. I get more anxious every day.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 meng 08.ogg}} '''Meng:''' How would I ever come to terms with my childhood friend becoming an evil spirit?
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' That's why he joined Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. In place of a salary, I'm helping him deal with this matter.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' And in fact, what Meng has said is entirely plausible. Spirits, on occasion, do find a way into our world.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' But as for evil spirits, I think you're scaring yourself. Even I have only encountered malevolent forces a handful of times.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 meng 09.ogg}} '''Meng:''' But are you sure there's no danger? I couldn't bear for him to go around harming people.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' You see what I mean? Look at the state of him. If we can't find Big G, it'll eat away at Meng forever.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Those people we found today were also Meng's childhood friends. I thought there was a good chance Big G might have hidden among them. But here we are, empty-handed.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 meng 10.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Wuwang Hill, childhood friends... Seems like we're out of leads...
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 luocheng 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Sorry, excuse me, is this Wangsheng Funeral Parlor?
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 luocheng 02.ogg}} '''[[Luocheng]]:''' My name's Luocheng. I've had this awful feeling recently, like something's staring at me.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 luocheng 03.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' Some of my friends and I went to Wuwang Hill the other day on a dare. After I returned home, I fell ill... I've been having recurring nightmares, but the doctors can't find anything wrong with me.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 luocheng 04.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' I think that... it's a curse, right? I've been cursed by a demon!
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Say no more. There's no doubt, it's a demonic curse alright &mdash; and a serious one at that.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 luocheng 05.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' You believe so too!? Then it's just like they say in the tales of old... The vengeful spirits of the gods who fell in the [[Archon War]] return to cast their evil curses upon mortals...
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 luocheng 06.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' And if the curse isn't lifted, it will burn through the body, laying waste to flesh and bone! Oh, what a wretched end!
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 luocheng 07.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' The symptoms I'm having are just like those described in the tales!
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 meng 11.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Wuwang Hill? Hmm... No, I don't think it was a curse, it was probably just Big G&mdash;
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Hold your horses, both of you. There's no need to creep each other out.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Isn't that exactly what you like to do, though?
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 luocheng 08.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' Wangsheng Funeral Parlor specializes in demonic stuff like this, right? Help me, I beg you! I'm too young to die!
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Alright alright, don't panic. Leave it to me, you've come to the right person.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' However, in order to lift the curse, we need a suitable location... and we need to make some preparations.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 hutao 11.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Come with me, my trusty assistants. I'm going to need your help.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 meng 12.ogg}} '''Meng:''' I&mdash;I guess I'll come too...
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 hutao 12.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Help him make the preparations first. The incense exorcism, the one I taught you.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 hutao 13.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' When you're ready, come and find me. Once we've finished with this, we'll get back to the Big G matter.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 meng 13.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Okay, I guess.
:{{A|vo htlq002 1 hutao 14.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Right, let's go.

;(Talk to Luocheng or Meng again)
:{{A|vo dialog htlq002 luocheng 01.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' Please help me, I don't want to die...
:{{A|vo dialog htlq002 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Don't worry, the director is highly skilled, she'll help you find a way.
----
;(Interact with the Ley Line Monolith before meeting with Hu Tao)
:'''Observe Device:''' (No matter how you look at it, this is just an ordinary Ley Line Monolith.)

;(Upon arriving at the exorcism site)
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... what mysterious rituals are you gonna perform here?
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' No ritual at all. We just need to kill some time.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh!?
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Wait, you didn't take all that vengeful god's curse stuff seriously, did you? They were eradicated ages ago!
:{{DIcon}} So why are we here?
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' You saw those two. One thinks he's been cursed, the other one believes his friend's turned into an evil spirit. It's hard to reason with them.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' *sigh* Now you see why I believe that ordinary folks should be kept in the dark...
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I've seen too many people lose their senses on account of things like this. If you want to calm them down, you need to convince them with something tangible.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' And the best way to do that is to make a great show of destroying the bogeyman they believe in before their very eyes.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Sounds like that might work if you were trying to cheer up a three-year-old...
:{{DIcon}} Isn't it better to tell people the truth?
::{{A|vo htlq002 2 paimon 04a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're onto something. After all, we're only afraid of what we don't know.
:{{DIcon}} How old are you, Paimon?
::{{A|vo htlq002 2 paimon 04b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why would you ask that!?
::{{A|vo htlq002 2 paimon 04b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon just wants to know why we can't tell everyone the truth!
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Because you can't guarantee that telling an ignorant person the truth will improve the situation instead of exacerbating it.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' What I can do is pretend to pull back anyone who believes their time is nigh. But, since the curse is imaginary, our fix will also be make-believe.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Makes sense, but... why would anyone believe that it's a curse?
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Do you know the history of the [[Yaksha]]?
:{{DIcon}} Haven't heard about it.
:{{DIcon}} I know just some bits and pieces.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' They once fought against the ancient gods. They fought brilliantly in a battle that engulfed the whole world in darkness. Although the gods were defeated in the end, their resentment persevered.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 11.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' That resentment turned into a pestilence spreading amongst the ordinary folk. Hysteric people mistook it for "the curse of the gods."
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 12.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' The plague took the lives of many, which only furthered its spread, as the dead were a breeding ground for the disease.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 13.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Then, someone discovered how to prevent it from spreading: purify the air and burn the bodies of the deceased. The pioneers of these practices were, you guessed it, the founders of the Wangsheng Funeral Parlor.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Paimon didn't see that coming. Really?
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 14.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Yes. Anyway, it took many years, but eventually the plague was completely eradicated.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 15.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' We've dealt with similar phenomena multiple times throughout the ages. Each time, we successfully restore the balance between life and death.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 16.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' To sum it up, we are "gatekeepers," guarding the border for the sake of both the living and the dead, hehe.
:{{DIcon}} That's what you meant by "guarding the border"?
:{{DIcon}} Never knew Wangsheng had such a long history.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 17.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So when I say this "curse" is just a figment of the imagination, I say it with more certainty than most. But I also can't really go telling people that the ancient plagues were real, or it would incite panic.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 18.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Anyway, let's wait a bit more and get ready for the show. This Ley Line Monolith will make for a really great prop.
:'''''A while later...'''''
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 19.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Ah, you're finally here! We just finished our preparations.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 20.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Now, look here. This device is used to drive away evil spirits. It'll absorb the curse inside you and cause it to take a physical form.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 21.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' But don't worry, the Traveler here is a seasoned warrior and will assure our safety.
:{{DIcon}} Doing the dirty work again...
:{{DIcon}} You failed to mention we'd need to fight.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 22.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Oh, right. I forgot to tell you, haha! It'll be fine.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 luocheng 01.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' Will that really solve my problem?
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Trust the director. She might look like a weirdo, but she's serious about everything she does.
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 23.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Ugh, how can you call me a weirdo? I mean, wouldn't you say it's more... charmingly naive? Or... disarmingly different?
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 hutao 24.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Alright, let's get down to business! My glamorous assistant, please activate the device!

;(After activating the Monolith)
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 luocheng 02.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' Is it really possible to materialize the curse!?

;(After defeating the first wave of enemies)
:{{A|vo htlq002 2 luocheng 03.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' I'm counting on you.
----
;(After the fight)
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 hutao 01.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' How are you feeling? Did the curse leave your body?
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 luocheng 01.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' Yes, I feel more invigorated than ever before! I'm cured!
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 luocheng 02.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' I can't express how grateful I am for your and the Traveler's help! If it hadn't been for you, the curse would've taken my life.
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 hutao 02.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Ah, great! In which case, I guess now I can tell you...
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 hutao 03.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' *fanfare* You've been pranked!
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 luocheng 03.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' Eh? Wh&mdash;What?
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 hutao 04.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' This exorcism device? People like you wouldn't recognize it, but it's just an old Ley Line Monolith, deceptively effective at attracting monsters.
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 hutao 05.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' And those were real monsters, not a manifestation of your curse.
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 hutao 06.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' So riddle me this: If I didn't do anything to lift the curse, then what's the cause of your sudden recovery?
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 luocheng 04.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' The curse... wasn't real?
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 luocheng 05.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' ...Then why was I sick?
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 hutao 07.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' You caught a cold, ate something bad, or just scared yourself sick, it's anyone's guess... but I'm leaning towards the last option. It wouldn't be the first time in my career.
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 meng 01.ogg}} '''Meng:''' How unexpected...
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 luocheng 06.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' I also didn't expect that, but still... I'd like to thank you.
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 hutao 08.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Don't mention it. I found a way to deal with your fears this time, but I can't do it over and over again, so I'd appreciate it if you try not to give in to superstitions in the future.
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 hutao 09.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Human life is short. Enjoy it while it lasts.
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 luocheng 07.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' Wow, I... What a weird thing to say.
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 luocheng 08.ogg}} '''Luocheng:''' I&mdash;I shall head  back. I'm sorry for troubling you.
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 meng 02.ogg}} '''Meng:''' I feel relieved to see that it wasn't Big G's doing. However, unless he crosses the border, there will be no end to his antics.
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 meng 03.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Since we are done with the matter at hand, can we resume our search for Big G?
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 hutao 10.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' I believe that won't be needed.
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 hutao 11.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' He found us first.
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 meng 04.ogg}} '''Meng:''' Big G!?
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 bigg 01.ogg}} '''Big G:''' U&mdash;Um... I didn't mean to bother you... Any of you...
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is Big G? He's just a child!
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 hutao 12.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Well, he is a spirit. It's quite normal that he looks just like he did when he left this world.
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm, that's not what Paimon imagined when Paimon first heard the name "Big G."
:{{A|vo htlq002 4 hutao 13.ogg}} '''Hu Tao:''' Let's bring him back to Wangsheng Funeral Parlor. We have much to do.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = In Pursuit of a Phantom
|zhs     = 寻找不存在之人
|zhs_rm  = Xúnzhǎo Bù Cūnzài de Rén
|zht     = 尋找不存在之人
|zht_rm  = Xúnzhǎo Bù Cūnzài de Rén
|zh_tl   = Looking for a Person that Doesn't Exist
|ja      = 存在なき人を探せ
|ja_rm   = Sonzai Naki Hito wo Sagase
|ja_tl   = Looking for a Being Without Existence
|ko      = 존재하지 않는 사람 찾기
|ko_rm   = Jonjaehaji Anneun Saram Chatkki
|ko_tl   = Looking for a Person that Doesn't Exist
|es      = En busca de un fantasma
|es_tl   = In Search of a Ghost
|fr      = À la recherche de celui qui n'existe pas
|fr_tl   = Searching for the One Who Does Not Exist
|ru      = В погоне за призраком
|ru_tl   = In Pursuit of a Ghost
|th      = ตามหาใครคนนึงที่ไม่อยู่ในโลกนี้
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tìm kiếm người không tồn tại
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Auf Phantomjagd
|de_tl   = On the Phantomhunt
|id      = Mengejar Bayangan
|id_tl   = Chasing a Shadow
|pt      = Encontre a pessoa que não existe
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bir Gölgenin Peşinde
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Inseguendo un fantasma
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[es:En busca de un fantasma]]