{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74041
|image         = World Quest In Search of Lost Time.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = 
|part          = 
|characters    = Broglie; Malinovskyi; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[New Fontaine Research Institute]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region
|subarea       = New Fontaine Research Institute
|prev          = In Search of Lost Time: South
|prev2         = In Search of Lost Time: North
|prev3         = In Search of Lost Time: West
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*250;Primogem*30;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*2
|rep           = Fontaine
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 565
}}
'''''In Search of Lost Time''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region]], [[Fontaine]].

This quest is automatically started after completing all prerequisite quests.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Broglie]]
# Go to the central processing station
# Talk to Broglie
# Enter the central processing station
# Examine the central processing station
# Examine the central processing station
# Chase down the [[Malinovskyi|Fatui commander]]
# Defeat the Fatui commander
#* {{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire|text=Malinovskyi &mdash; Quite Agile... For Some Reason|x=1}}
# Chase down the Fatui commander
# Defeat the Fatui again {{Enemy List|delim=;;|1=Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire{text=Malinovskyi &mdash; Quite Agile... For Some Reason};;Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer}}
# Confront the Fatui commander

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest awards the {{Achievement|The Forgotten Ream}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Researcher Broglie has retrieved the key to the central processing station.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Broglie)
;(If not all Punched Tapes were given to Broglie during [[In Search of Lost Time: South]])
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, Broglie, we have the data from the two monitoring stations you mentioned.
::'''Broglie:''' Really? That's great! Please, let me take a look at them...
::{{DIcon}} Here.
::{{DIcon}} What about our compensation?
:::'''Broglie:''' About that... Please don't worry. If my supervisor approves restarting our original hydrological research, you'll definitely get paid!
:::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, that's a relief!
::{{Black Screen|You give the paper tapes you collected to Broglie...}}
::'''Broglie:''' Ahhhh! Yes, this is it, this is it! You two are angels, angels sent from the heavens to save me from my misery and return me to my happy life of ease&mdash;
::'''Paimon:''' Did you really have to say it like that?
::'''Broglie:''' Well! There's no time to lose, kind {{MC|m=sir|f=lady}}! I'll go find my supervisor and request the key to the central processing station! Please wait for me!
::'''Paimon:''' *sigh* Just... hurry up, would you?
::{{Black Screen|An excited Broglie returns after a short while.}}
::'''Broglie:''' {{MC|m=Sir|f=Lady}}, I have the key! Now we just have to go to the central processing station to organize the data, and then we can resume hydrological monitoring again!
;(If all three Punched Tapes were given to Broglie during <nowiki>In Search of Lost Time: South</nowiki>)
::'''Broglie:''' {{MC|m=Sir|f=Lady}}, you're finally here!
::'''Broglie:''' I have the key! Now we just have to go to the central processing station to organize the data, and then we can start the hydrological monitoring again!
:{{DIcon}} Oh...
:{{DIcon}} And we have to go with you?
:'''Broglie:''' Considering the situation of [[Pate de Fruit]] and [[Crepes Suzette]] Stations, it is possible that those fellows from [[Snezhnaya]] are also at the central processing station...
:'''Broglie:''' So please, come with me!
:'''Paimon:''' Don't forget to compensate us!

;(Approach the central processing station)
:'''Broglie:''' Here we are, {{MC|m=sir|f=lady}}! This is the central processing station, where our hydrology research data is analyzed!
:{{DIcon}} It doesn't look like anyone's here.
:{{DIcon}} Can I go now?
:'''Paimon:''' Without any [[Fatui]], we're not needed, right?
:'''Broglie:''' We can't be sure yet. What if there are soldiers from Snezhnaya inside? I might not be able to see Conch Madeleine again...
:'''Broglie:''' Ahem, I mean, I shan't ever conduct hydrological research again! Please, go inside with me!
:'''Paimon:''' Fine. Just open the door...

;(Approach the terminal downstairs)
:'''Paimon:''' Though, it's so quiet here, and there isn't any sign of the Fatui... It's completely different from the previous two stations...
:'''Broglie:''' Perhaps they didn't even discover this place? Look, even the stuff here is undisturbed in its original state! It's just... Hmm, there's a lot of dust...

;(Interact with the terminal)
:'''Broglie:''' Let me see...
:'''Broglie:''' If we can put together the collected data, I reckon we'll get some significant results, and hydrological monitoring should resume very soon! I can't wait!
:'''Paimon:''' That sounds great!
:'''Broglie:''' Why do I get this feeling that we're missing a part of the data? Am I just paranoid?
:'''Paimon:''' Why are you so unsure? Aren't you in charge of the data?
:'''Malinovskyi:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} ...?
:'''Malinovskyi:''' ...Um, sorry. I got the wrong room.
:{{Black Screen|The Fatui commander leaves the scene at a speed that does not match his physique.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, did something just pass us by?
:{{DIcon}} He was faster than a [[vishap]]...
:{{DIcon}} So agile...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, that's not the point! He's a Fatuus! Why is he here?
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, we need to go after him and get to the bottom of this!

;(Approach the terminal further downstairs)
:'''Voice from Downstairs:''' No... Stop chasing me! I've already locked all the doors, you can't get in!
:'''Broglie:''' Don't fret! We just need to open this mechanism, then we'll be able to take a shortcut via the entrance below and stop that gentleman from escaping!

;(Approach Malinovskyi)
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, I see our guy! Over there! Hey, don't you dare run away!

;(Damage Malinovskyi)
:'''Malinovskyi:''' Aaaah! You awful, blasted, bunch of...! Stop chasing me!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmph! You're not exactly on the small side, and you still wanna play hide-and-seek with us in a tiny space like this?

;(Defeat Malinovskyi)
:{{Black Screen|Out of options, the Fatui commander jumps into the water, creating a huge splash.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, Paimon said don't run away! {{Traveler}}, let's go catch up!

;(Attempt to leave downstairs)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, this punk actually closed the door when he ran away!

;(Approach Malinovskyi)
:'''Malinovskyi:''' Faster. Faster! You there, hurry up and stop them!

;(After defeating both Fatui)
:'''Malinovskyi:''' Stop! I surrender! Stop!
:'''Malinovskyi:''' You... You're here for the paper tapes, right? You can have them all! Just... stop attacking me!
:{{Black Screen|The Fatui commander hands over all the research data...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Is that all, Broglie?
:'''Broglie:''' Um... Well... Maybe? Yeah. This should be all of it. Sure!
:'''Paimon:''' Just forget that Paimon asked.
:{{DIcon}} What's your objective here?
:'''Paimon:''' Yes, tell us everything! Why are you occupying these stations?
:'''Malinovskyi:''' ...
:'''Malinovskyi:''' To... slack off...
:'''Paimon:''' ...?
:'''Malinovskyi:''' I'm Malinovskyi, commanding officer of the 34th Independent Investigative Squad.
:'''Malinovskyi:''' At first, when we had just been dispatched to Fontaine, everyone was quite happy, and the mission wasn't that difficult...
:'''Paimon:''' So what does that have to do with you occupying the stations?
:'''Malinovskyi:''' A few months ago, due to some organizational changes, headquarters assigned someone named [[Shumilov]] as my new deputy.
:'''Paimon:''' Shumilov? Right, the platoon leader we saw at Crepes Suzette Station...
:'''Malinovskyi:''' Yes, that's the one! I can't stand that fellow, but I can't get rid of him... so I look for excuses and go on missions to get away from him.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, Paimon's confused. You said that he's your deputy, right?
:'''Malinovskyi:''' That's right.
:'''Paimon:''' So, aren't you his superior? Why do you have to listen to him?
:'''Malinovskyi:''' Well, he is, blast him &mdash; but he always acts seriously and makes other do the work!
:'''Malinovskyi:''' His words are hard to refute, and I can't very well tell him that no one here wants to work in front of everyone, can I?
:'''Malinovskyi:''' It just so happened that I saw some strange towers nearby, so I told him that we were going to investigate, and forged the letters from the [[Maison Gestion]]...
:'''Paimon:''' So you forged the documents! Paimon knew it! There was no way that the Maison Gestion would let you manage the hydrological monitoring stations!
:'''Paimon:''' Any other questions, Broglie?
:'''Broglie:''' I see. So you're just trying to slack off... No, I mean, you're just trying to get a little peace in this noisy world by occupying our monitoring stations.
:'''Broglie:''' Well? How would you rate our accomodations?
:'''Paimon:''' ?
:'''Malinovskyi:''' Um, very comfortable? The scenery nearby is beautiful, too. I usually feel a lot better after taking a short nap.
:'''Broglie:''' Right? Especially when you wake up and realize that there are no urgent tasks, and that you're not being watched by someone you don't like. You can just enjoy the afternoon sun and the breeze...
:'''Malinovskyi:''' It's like waking up from a dream and entering another where you don't have to worry about anything.
:'''Broglie:''' That's how you're supposed to live! It's a shame that you haven't tried the limited-edition black tea in the Vasari Passage. If you get a chance...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, where is this conversation going?
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, please come with us! It's time to let the [[Fontaine Research Institute]] know what you've done!
:'''Malinovskyi:''' Ugh...
:'''Broglie:''' W&mdash;Wait!
:'''Broglie:''' Um, he actually didn't cause any damage to our research, did he?
:'''Broglie:''' Objectively speaking, he even collected some data for us.
:'''Broglie:''' He's just someone who wants to be rid of work and live a comfortable life!
:'''Malinovskyi:''' Th&mdash;That's right!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, that's not something to be proud of, even when you put it like that.
:'''Broglie:''' Kind {{MC|m=sir|f=lady}}, please let him go in the name of science.
:{{DIcon}} Is this really related to science?
:{{DIcon}} Well, if our requester says so...
:'''Malinovskyi:''' Thank you, sir, and the two of you! I swear I will never do such a thing again. I will do my best to slack off on my own!
:'''Broglie:''' I love how determined you are!
:'''Paimon:''' Can you not get hyped up over something like this?
:{{Black Screen|The Fatui commander leaves, feeling grateful...}}
:'''Broglie:''' With that resolved, I'll be going back to go through the data.
:'''Broglie:''' Thank you for your work! Please take these!
:'''Paimon:''' Is it... really resolved?
:'''Paimon:''' Whatever, at least the stations are operational again, and the Fatui platoons have left. Paimon supposes it's over.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* Following the completion of this quest, a [[Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire]] and a [[Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer]] can be observed walking up and down the road. They will respawn 24 real-time hours after being defeated.
* Its title is a reference to a novel by Marcel Proust bearing the same name.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/Y4oQygI8cgc
|caption1 = In Search of Lost Time Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = In Search of Lost Time
|zhs     = 往事追迹
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 往事追跡
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 往事追跡
|ja_rm   = Ouji Tsuiseki
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 과거를 찾아서
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Rastros del pasado
|es_tl   = Traces of the Past
|fr      = En quête du temps perdu
|fr_tl   = In Search of Lost Time
|ru      = В поисках прошлого
|ru_tl   = In Search of the Past
|th      = ย้อนรอยอดีต
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Theo Dấu Chuyện Xưa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Spuren der Vergangenheit
|de_tl   = Traces of the Past
|id      = Pencarian Masa Lalu
|id_tl   = In Search of the Past
|pt      = Em Busca do Passado
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Boşa Giden Zamanın Peşinde
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Alla ricerca del tempo perduto
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}