{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02009
|image         = Archon Quest C2A2 In the Name of the Resistance.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = II
|act           = Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow
|part          = 2
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Kannazuka]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Kannazuka
|subarea       = Kujou Encampment
|prev          = Amidst Stormy Judgment
|next          = Sword, Fish, Resistance
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*1,125;Primogem*30;Mora*53,900;Memory of Violet Flash*1;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*10
|characters    = Beidou; Gorou; Hisahiko; Ishihara; Jiichirou; Kaedehara Kazuha; Kaida Ryouma; Kujou Sara; Masashi; Message-Runner; Paimon; Sakamoto; Sangonomiya Kokomi; Shouji; Takayama; Teppei; Thoma; Tokuda; Traveler; Fujita Sanshirou; Kayama Tadao; Takasaka Izumi
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|2|2|2}}

==Steps==
# Gather intel at [[Tatarasuna]] <!-- Old: Go to Tatarasuna and gather intel -->
# Continue exploring
# Hurry to the front line
# Rescue the surrounded resistance soldier
#*{{Enemy|Yoriki Samurai|x=2}}
# Talk with members of the resistance
# Go and meet [[Gorou]], the resistance general
#*He will be located in [[Fort Fujitou]]
# Follow Teppei and help the wounded resistance soldiers
# Give materials that can be used as medicine
#*Give either 1 [[Wolfhook]] or 1 [[Onikabuto]].
# Follow Teppei and help the resistance
# Demonstrate archery techniques to the resistance
# Defeat the Shogunate Army squad attempting a sneak attack{{Enemy List|Shogunate Infantry *3; Shogunate Infantry Captain *2}}
# Collect nearby repair materials (0/1)
#*It will be labeled "Plank and Rope"
# Repair the walls around the encampment
# Go back and report the situation to Gorou
# Go to the front lines
#*This will be in [[Nazuchi Beach]]
# Defeat the Shogunate forces
#*The player will fight 3 rounds of combat against single soldiers.
#*Round 1: {{Enemy|Shogunate Infantry|text=Fujita Sanshirou &mdash; "Spear Demon Fujita"}}
#*Round 2: {{Enemy|Shogunate Infantry Captain|text=Kayama Tadao &mdash; "Bamboo-Breaking Tiger"}}
#*Round 3: {{Enemy|Yoriki Samurai|text=Takasaka Izumi &mdash; "Kujou's Right Hand"}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* This quest will be blocked if the [[International Travel Log]] has been accepted but not completed.
* It is recommended to do at least [[Orobashi's Legacy: Part I]] so that the weather is clear and no lightning interferes with the archery.
* Approaching the front lines will cause any nearby [[Local Specialty|Local Specialties]], harvestable ingredients or [[Random Event]]s to despawn. They will respawn once a sufficient distance from the objective.
* During Step 16, the fight against the Shogunate forces is in an area with a barrier.
* Finishing the cutscene after the archery demonstration will grant the {{Achievement|Revolutionary Outlander}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Your first meeting with the [[Raiden Shogun]] leads to a clash beyond your expectations. With a warrant out for you, your only option to reverse the situation now is to throw your lot in with the Sangonomiya resistance.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After escaping from Raiden Shogun)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Why have we stopped here?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 1 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' In case you've forgotten, the Komore Teahouse is the safest place for me to hide in this area.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 1 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The only thing is, I probably won't be able to leave again for some time. I'll have to leave the next steps to you.
:{{DIcon}} What do you need us to do?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 1 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Go to [[Tatarasuna]] and find the resistance.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 1 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The Shogun's Army is almost certainly about to issue a warrant for our arrest. There are very few parties that will be willing to shelter us... but the resistance is an exception.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's pretty sure Ayaka mentioned them before... Oh yeah! Sangonomiya's group! The ones who came together to fight the Vision Hunt Decree!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 1 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' That's right. The resistance was founded by Sangonomiya Kokomi, the Divine Priestess of [[Watatsumi Island]]. Currently, it's her subordinate, [[Gorou]], who leads them in their war against the Shogun's Army.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 1 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' However, the Yashiro Commission is not on especially close terms with the resistance. So your dealings with us would normally be frowned upon.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 1 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But you're different, so that shouldn't work against you... As far as I can see, the resistance shouldn't have any reason to turn you away.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 1 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The only issue is that we can't be sure of the resistance forces' current location. You'll have to ask around along the way.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 1 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You'll likely pass through territory occupied by the Shogun's Army at some point. So, be sure to stay on your guard at all times.
:{{DIcon}} Be sure you do the same.
::{{A|vo dqaq010 1 thoma 10a.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Don't worry about me, I can remain hidden when I want to. I won't make it easy for them.
:{{DIcon}} I should head off right away.
::{{A|vo dqaq010 1 thoma 10b.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Me too, well, I should probably head inside the teahouse now. I'll see you when I see you, whenever that is... In the meantime, stay safe.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We gotta hurry up, the Tenryou Commission could be right around the corner!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's get outta here!
----
;(If you approach the Patrol Officer near the Tenshukaku Teleport Waypoint)
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 soldier 02.ogg}} '''Patrol Officer:''' You! The warrant is for your arrest! Freeze!
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no &mdash; run!

;(If you approach one of the two Patrol Officers below the Statue of the Omnipresent God)
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 soldier 01.ogg}} '''Patrol Officer:''' Stop! I have orders to search for a wanted criminal!
:{{A|vo dqaq009 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes! Hide &mdash; quick!
----
;(Upon arriving at the location)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 2 takayama 01.ogg}} '''[[Takayama]]:''' *yawn* ...I heard they added a couple more people to the wanted list. They're high-priority targets, apparently.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 2 ishihara 01.ogg}} '''[[Ishihara]]:''' But most of our forces are out on the front line. How are we supposed to effectively prioritize them? We'll just have to make sure we keep our eyes peeled when we're out on patrol.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 2 takayama 02.ogg}} '''Takayama:''' *sigh* I wonder how they're faring on the front line.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 2 takayama 03.ogg}} '''Takayama:''' The last thing I heard was that we'd pushed the resistance back to just northwest of Musoujin Gorge. I don't know if that's true.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 2 ishihara 02.ogg}} '''Ishihara:''' I doubt it. Their rearguard isn't far from there. We're gaining ground at the moment, but I don't think we've pushed them back that far.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 2 ishihara 03.ogg}} '''Ishihara:''' Anyway, we should focus on patrol. Come on, we're up.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 2 takayama 04.ogg}} '''Takayama:''' Eh, fair point... *sigh* Time to go to work.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The northwest of Musoujin Gorge... So that's where the resistance forces are based. We should keep asking around though, just to be safe.
----
;(Upon arriving at the location)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 3 sakamoto 01.ogg}} '''[[Sakamoto]]:''' Oh, hey. You managed to escape too?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 3 haruichirou 01.ogg}} '''[[Jiichirou]]:''' Yeah. Where are you headed?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 3 sakamoto 02.ogg}} '''Sakamoto:''' Higi Village. I've heard the rumors, but it's still gotta be a safer place than a warzone.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 3 sakamoto 03.ogg}} '''Sakamoto:''' What about you?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 3 haruichirou 02.ogg}} '''Jiichirou:''' Ugh, don't get me started. I was recuperating on Nazuchi Beach &mdash; it's complete chaos over there.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 3 haruichirou 03.ogg}} '''Jiichirou:''' The resistance aren't having an easy time of it. They don't have the manpower for an all-out confrontation, so they can't contend with the Shogun's Army.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 3 haruichirou 04.ogg}} '''Jiichirou:''' The front line used to be further forward, but they had to retreat a couple of times. Now they're back to Nazuchi Beach.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 3 haruichirou 05.ogg}} '''Jiichirou:''' That's where I've just come from &mdash; I was lucky to get out. It's much too dangerous... their forces are so scattered that no one knows who's who, and anyone you run into pulls their weapon... I just dropped my luggage and ran here.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 3 haruichirou 06.ogg}} '''Jiichirou:''' I think we need to keep moving &mdash; things are changing so fast. The further away we can get, the better.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 3 sakamoto 04.ogg}} '''Sakamoto:''' Agreed... Why don't we stick together? Can't hurt to team up with someone.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nazuchi Beach... Sounds like that's where the resistance and the Shogun's Army are battling it out right now. Let's head over and take a look.
----
:(Upon arriving at the location)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, look! D'you think that's a resistance fighter?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like he's in a tight spot... Let's go help him out!

;(Talk to Teppei)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 01.ogg}} '''[[Teppei]]:''' Phew... You saved me. I thought I was about to die.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Thank you so much for your help. I'm Teppei of the Gobious Platoon. I'm with the resistance.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 03.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I was sent to the front line just recently &mdash; I was looking forward to doing my part... Instead, it seems I fell at the first hurdle.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 04.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' So, uh... You aren't dressed like resistance fighters &mdash; have you come here looking to sign up?
:{{DIcon}} Yes.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 05.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Great! Just the other day I heard General Gorou complaining about how desperate we are for more people. Your support will make a big difference.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 06.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I'll escort you back to our camp... But first, let me bring you up to speed on our current situation.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 07.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' As you can see, the resistance are at a constant disadvantage when it comes to open confrontation.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 08.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' The goal of the Shogun's Army is to uphold "eternity." To this end, they have the support of the [[Tenryou Commission]]'s general, [[Kujou Sara]], who commands an exceptionally strong force.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 09.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' As for us... Vision bearers are few and far between as it is, and because of the Vision Hunt Decree, they're rarer than ever.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 10.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' The fact we're even able to hold out is thanks to the brilliant strategic mind of Her Excellency, Sangonomiya. We're also indebted to the great courage shown by General Gorou and the resistance troops.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 11.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' *sigh* If only I had a Vision myself... Not only would I be better placed to share Her Excellency and General Gorou's burden, but I'd be able to hold my own on the battlefield, too...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 12.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I couldn't help but notice that you used elemental energy when saving me just now. You must have a Vision yourself?
:{{DIcon}} No.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 paimon 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq010 4 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{MC|He|She|mc=1}}'s a special case! {{MC|He|She|mc=1}} doesn't have a Vision, but {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} can control the elements anyway.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 13.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Are you serious!? That's... incredible. And I guess that means you're immune to the Vision Hunt Decree?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 14.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' You have to let me introduce you to General Gorou! He'll welcome you with open arms!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 15.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Perhaps I can also make a worthy contribution, this way... Of course, I'd much rather prove my worth by the sword. If only taking down Shogunate Samurai was as easy as you make it look.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 4 teppei 16.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Anyway, we shouldn't delay. Let's head off!
----
;(Talk to Gorou)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' This is what happened, General Gorou.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I was surrounded by Shogunate Samurai, and they came to my rescue.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 teppei 03.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' They can use the elements without a Vision! The resistance could really use people with that kind of skill. We should bring them in!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hmm... *clears throat*
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I presume you've heard that the goal of the resistance is to defeat the Shogun's Army and repeal the Vision Hunt Decree.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' This is no easy task. Each who sets foot on the battlefield must be ready to sacrifice their life.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Tell me, why do you wish to join us? The resistance cannot accept any who don't possess a warrior's will &mdash; you and I must be certain of your decision.
:{{DIcon}} Let me tell you about the seizure of the 100th Vision...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' You're referring to the ceremony to mark the 100th Vision seized under the decree, right? Yes, we received some new of it here, despite it taking place over in Inazuma City.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' There was a disturbance, allegedly... Highly unusual, considering that the Raiden Shogun appeared in person...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But why do you wish to discuss this all of a sudden? Unless you have some information to share?
:{{DIcon}} It was me.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' ...What?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, we had a fight with the Raiden Shogun and everything. The, we grabbed the Vision bearer and whisked him off to safety.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After that, they added us to the army's wanted list... That's why we came here.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Now that you mention it, we did just recover a bounty notice from a Shogunate Samurai defeated in battle.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It read "Reward for the capture of a blond-haired traveler and their mysterious flying pet." Hmm... So, this refers to you two?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What! Who are they calling a "mysterious flying pet"!?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' My apologies, I understand your situation well enough for now. On behalf of the resistance, welcome to our ranks.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Her Excellency is currently away from the camp. We don't know where she went, but she instructed us to take care of everything in her absence.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 gorou 13.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I will ask Teppei here to should you around the camp first, and then dispatch you straight to the front line. If you are ready, of course.
:{{DIcon}} You got it!
:{{DIcon}} Long live the resistance!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 teppei 04.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Yes sir.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 teppei 05.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I used to be in the Logistics Division, so I'm the right person to show you around &mdash; I know the setup like the back of my hand.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 teppei 06.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I'll make sure you get a warm resistance welcome!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 teppei 07.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Let's start with the field hospital. Some of my friends are recovering there.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 5 teppei 08.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Last time I saw them, I promised that I'd introduce any new recruits. When they're finally back on the battlefield alongside us, we'll all be brothers in arms!
----
;(Talk to [[Tokuda]] or [[Masashi]])
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 tokuda 01.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' *coughing* ...Is this a new recruit?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 masashi 01.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' Looks like a strong addition to the troop... Hopefully someone I can spar with after I've recovered.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 tokuda 02.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Whoa, whoa, brand new recruit and your first thought is to start sparring with them? You're getting ahead of yourself. That wound of yours isn't something that's gonna clear up in a few days.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 tokuda 03.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Teppei, did you bring this one in? How are things on the front line?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Aha, well... the enemy are much stronger than we could've imagined, but we're holding our own... I've been right in the thick of it.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' At one point, there were a horde of enemy troops surging towards us like the tide... but I didn't flinch. I drew my blade and charged straight into the fray! Four Shogunate Samurai, and only one of me &mdash; but I still managed to fend them off.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 masashi 02.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' Look at you! When did you grow nerves of steel?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 teppei 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq010 6 teppei 03b.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' This {{MC|guy|lady|mc=1}} stole the show, though. When {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} saw me tiring and falling back, {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} burst onto the scene and took down a whole group of them in one fell swoop! They were no match for {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} at all.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 teppei 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq010 6 teppei 04b.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I heard {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} even stormed the Vision Hunt Ceremony... and that the Raiden Shogun herself failed to take {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} down!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 tokuda 04.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Amazing work, both of you.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 tokuda 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq010 6 tokuda 05b.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Still, uh... I can believe most of that, but {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} facing off against the Raiden Shogun? I think you might be embellishing the story a little there, Teppei... I mean, we've all heard of the [[Musou no Hitotachi]], right? Haha.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 tokuda 06.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' *sigh* Either way, to tell the truth, with all the losses we've sustained recently, I was starting to lose hope in our ability to hold out much longer.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 tokuda 07.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' But seeing fresh recruits join our ranks and hearing Teppei's exploits... I'm itching to get myself better as soon as possible, so I can get back out on the front line.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 masashi 03.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' Huh, that's a lukewarm epiphany if you ask me. While you're lying there itching to get better, I'm still out there training hard despite my injury... even though it burst open again yesterday...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 teppei 05.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' It did? Well, do you need me to get you something to dress it with?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 teppei 06.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I heard about a remedy recently that uses wild bugs. All you need to do is grind [[Onikabuto]] into powder, and it makes a very effective dressing.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 teppei 07.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' They say it feels cool on the skin and acts fast to completely cure flesh wounds.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 masashi 04.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' Sure, I'll take one! Thanks!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 tokuda 08.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Hmm, sounds a little strange to me... I would've thought [[Wolfhook]]s would do the trick, but it's your decision.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 teppei 08.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Well, how about we let our new recruit decide? I'll stay here and make some preparations...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 teppei 09.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' If you're a fan of weird and wonderful remedies, please gather some Onikabuto for me. I'll take it from there.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 6 teppei 10.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' But if you're more of a Wolfhook advocate, bring some of those instead. Personally, I recommend we try the new remedy &mdash; it sounds promising!

;(Talk to Teppei again)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 7 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Thanks for your help! Have you decided which dressing to use yet?
:;(Opens item submission menu)

;(On submitting Wolfhooks)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 9 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 9 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Never mind, I guess this was probably the safer option.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 9 teppei 03.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I may need your help in a moment to change their dressings. Here's hoping this'll speed up their recovery.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 9 teppei 04.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' And, uh, thanks for your help gathering the ingredients.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 9 tokuda 01.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' *grimace* ...This really hurts when you first put it on.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 9 tokuda 02.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' It's a standard remedy, but a dependable one. More importantly, thanks for the fresh dressing &mdash; much appreciated.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 9 masashi 01.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' Hmm... You may have skimped a little here though. I feel like I could use some more!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 9 masashi 02.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' I'm dying to get out of this place! I just want to be back on the battlefield, with you!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 9 tokuda 03.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' I don't think it works like that... Piling on extra dressing isn't going to make you heal faster. Especially not when you're sneaking off to go train in the middle of night! You have to cut that out, you know...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 9 tokuda 04.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Thanks again, Teppei... and thanks to our new recruit here.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 9 tokuda 05.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Speaking of training, that reminds me &mdash; they should be doing some archery practice down at the training grounds right now. Why don't you take our new recruit to go check it out?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 9 tokuda 06.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' It'll be a good chance for them to meet a few more of our platoon and settle in.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 9 teppei 05.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' You got it! Alright, let's move out.

;(On submitting Onikabuto)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 8 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Alright! I knew you'd back me on this!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 8 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I can't guarantee it'll work, but if it does, everyone will be fighting fit again in no time.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 8 teppei 03.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Why don't you hand me the ingredients &mdash; it's a bit of a chore to prepare, so I'll take it from here.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 8 tokuda 01.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' *grimace* Ow, ow, ow...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 8 tokuda 02.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' ...Huh? Just like that, the pain's stopped. Now it just feels numb...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 8 masashi 01.ogg}} '''Masahi:''' Looks like this might actually work. Not bad, Teppei! As soon as I'm better, we'll have to do some serious sparring together to make up for lost time.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 8 tokuda 03.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Sparring? You have a one track mind, seriously... But good going, Teppei.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 8 tokuda 04.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' When you first applied it, it felt like you were rubbing salt into the wound. But then the pain disappeared and there was just a cool sensation. I swear I can feel my body repairing itself already... Still... I better not start overdoing it quite yet.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 8 tokuda 05.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' Thanks to both of you for looking after us so well. The day I'm discharged, drinks are on me.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 8 teppei 04.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Hehe, just glad we were able to help. Alright, I'm gonna continue giving our new recruit the grand tour. Rest up, you guys.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 8 masashi 02.ogg}} '''Masahi:''' Don't forget to visit the training grounds! Get some practice in before you hit the front line!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 8 tokuda 06.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' *sigh* Calm down and get some rest...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 8 teppei 05.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' The training grounds... That reminds me, they should be doing archery training over there right now. Let's head over.

;(Talk to Masashi or Tokuda again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq010 tokuda 01.ogg}} '''Tokuda:''' I wonder when I'll finally be back on the front line...
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq010 masashi 01.ogg}} '''Masashi:''' No one wants the Vision Hunt Decree. The resistance will be victorious!
----
;(Upon arriving at the location)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 shouji 01.ogg}} '''[[Shouji]]:''' *sigh* Another miss. This sucks...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 shouji 02.ogg}} '''Shouji:''' Let's see now... I've loosed exactly ten arrows, and only one&mdash;
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 hisahiko 01.ogg}} '''Hisahiko:''' Bullseye?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 shouji 03.ogg}} '''Shouji:''' ...Only one hit the target.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 hisahiko 02.ogg}} '''Hisahiko:''' *sigh* This isn't good enough. It's evident from these past few days that practice alone isn't enough to improve our marksmanship.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 hisahiko 03.ogg}} '''Hisahiko:''' How hard could it be? Just draw the bow, aim, and shoot. Clearly I underestimated the skill involved...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 hisahiko 04.ogg}} '''Hisahiko:''' With progress like this, who know when we'll be fit for battle. I suppose all we can do for now is wait for the drillmaster's next visit and ask him for more tips.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 shouji 04.ogg}} '''Shouji:''' Seems things have gotten tough on the front line recently. All the best drillmasters have already been dispatched to fight.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 shouji 05.ogg}} '''Shouji:''' I guess we'll just have to keep practicing ourselves. *sigh* At this rate, who knows if we'll ever become resistance fighters...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' C'mon guys! Less complaining, more training...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 shouji 06.ogg}} '''Shouji:''' ...Teppei senpai?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Listen up for a second. I've come to introduce our newest recruit.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 teppei 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq010 10 teppei 03b.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' In battle, {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} single-handedly slayed multiple Shogunate Samurai without so much as breaking a sweat.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 teppei 04.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' And that was after interrupting the Vision Hunt Ceremony with a feat of stunning bravery, not to mention surviving an encounter with the Raiden Shogun!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 shouji 07.ogg}} '''Shouji:''' I&mdash;Is that true...? Uh... p&mdash;perhaps you'll be willing to give us some... archery tips?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 shouji 08.ogg}} '''Shouji:''' We promise not to take too much of your time. A quick demonstration would be all we need. Our previous training was so rushed that we hardly remember the proper technique.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 hisahiko 05.ogg}} '''Hisahiko:''' It would mean a lot!
:{{DIcon}} Okay, but watch closely.
:{{DIcon}} Sure, but pay attention this time.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 shouji 09.ogg}} '''Shouji:''' Oh! Y&mdash;You got it! We won't let you down.
::Destroy a certain number of '''Blue Targets''' to complete the training exercise. Watch out, though! Hitting the '''Red Targets''' that represent allied forces or leaving the training area will result in failure.
;(Upon failing)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 teppei 05.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Aha, pressure getting to you?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 teppei 06.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' That's no way to demonstrate. Come on, try again.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 teppei 07.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Let's go &mdash; show us what you got!
;(Talk to Teppei again after failing)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 teppei 08.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Ready?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 10 teppei 09.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I'm sure you'll get it this time. Swiftly, now!

;(Upon succeeding)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Well, there you have it. I told you our latest recruit is pretty strong.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 shouji 01.ogg}} '''Shouji:''' Incredible! I think I understand what I was doing wrong now.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 shouji 02.ogg}} '''Shouji:''' My posture was off and I didn't draw back with enough force. Seems I also need to focus on keeping my grip steady and monitoring the external environment. If I can get those few down, I'll be hitting my mark in no time!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 hisahiko 01.ogg}} '''[[Hisahiko]]:''' Those "few," huh?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 hisahiko 02.ogg}} '''Hisahiko:''' Watching your demonstration was a great help. I learned a lot.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 hisahiko 03.ogg}} '''Hisahiko:''' At least this time I was able to observe some proper technique. As long as I can retain it, I know I'll become much stronger.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 hisahiko 04.ogg}} '''Hisahiko:''' Honestly, before this whole conflict came about, I was just another everyday citizen of Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 hisahiko 05.ogg}} '''Hisahiko:''' My wife and I were leading a quiet life together. War and battles were the last things on our minds. That all changed with the Vision Hunt Decree...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 hisahiko 06.ogg}} '''Hisahiko:''' The actions of the Shogun's Army ignited something inside me &mdash; that's why I joined the resistance. The road ahead of us now seems like a long one indeed.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 hisahiko 07.ogg}} '''Hisahiko:''' Can those of us without Visions or combat skills really become adept fighters like them...?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 hisahiko 08.ogg}} '''Hisahiko:''' ...There's no use in speculating. Thank you both for your help, we'll keep practicing as much as we can.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Stay focused. With us holding the front line, you can continue sharpening your skills until you're ready.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 teppei 03.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Now then, let me show you around some other places.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 teppei 04.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Where should we head next...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 message-runner 01.ogg}} '''Message-Runner:''' Sir! We've got trouble! The Shogun's Army is attacking!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 message-runner 02.ogg}} '''Message-Runner:''' There are still many wounded in the camp &mdash; we mustn't let the enemy break through! We'll need your help to hold them off!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 teppei 05.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' What? Impossible! How could they have reached us all the way out here...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 11 teppei 06.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' We'd better go assess the situation. A chance for us to prove our worth in battle!
----
;(After the battle)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 12 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Well, we managed to hold them off... But what would the Shogun's Army be doing here?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 12 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' We have sentries and patrols posted all around the perimeter here. The enemy should never have been able to reach us this far unnoticed.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 12 teppei 03.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Unless... we have a traitor in our midst.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 12 teppei 04.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' They must have an informant feeding them intelligence and helping them to approach unseen. That's the only possible explanation.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 12 teppei 05.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Our priority is finding the agent and protecting the camp. This is my chance to show what I'm made of!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 12 message-runner 01.ogg}} '''Message-Runner:''' Sir, if I may...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 12 message-runner 02.ogg}} '''Message-Runner:''' I just returned from inspecting the perimeter. It appears that several portions of our defensive walls were already collapsed.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 12 message-runner 03.ogg}} '''Message-Runner:''' The Shogun's Army must have known about this vulnerability and made their way over from the cliffs nearby, before attacking through the gaps in our defenses.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 12 message-runner 04.ogg}} '''Message-Runner:''' I suggest we repair the walls and double the guard. That should keep them from sneaking up on us like this again.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 12 teppei 06.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' In that case... Understood, leave the repairs to us. We can make use of the wood and rope nearby to patch up the defenses.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 12 teppei 07.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Why don't we make this more interesting, recruit! A contest between the two of us. Just don't underestimate me, haha! If there's anything I know, it's logistics, you'll see!
----
;(After repairing the wall)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 13 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Alright, that should do it. The Shogun's Army will have a hard time getting past this, no matter how determined they are!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 13 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' It seems I've made another valuable contribution to the resistance... But why does it always have to be logistics work!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 13 teppei 03.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I thought getting transferred to the front line would be a chance to showcase my abilities and square off with the enemy. Instead, here I am doing what I've always done before.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are you so insistent about being on the front line?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 13 teppei 04.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' It's just like General Gorou said, we joined the resistance because of our warrior's will.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 13 teppei 05.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' There are a multitude of ways to contribute to the resistance, but who wouldn't want to take out a few Shogunate Samurai, given the chance?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 13 teppei 06.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Anyway, we got more than we bargained for inspecting the camp! Let's report back to General Gorou.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 13 teppei 07.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' If all goes well, we might just be assigned a few missions closer to the action!
----
;(Upon arriving at the location)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 14 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Strange, I don't see General Gorou anywhere.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 14 kaidaryouma 01.ogg}} '''Kaida Ryouma:''' We've had a change of plans. The general has been dispatched to the front line to lead our forces into battle.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 14 kaidaryouma 02.ogg}} '''Kaida Ryouma:''' The Shogun's Army is attempting an advance on the main front. Reports have it that Kujou Sara is now personally leading the enemy forces.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 14 kaidaryouma 03.ogg}} '''Kaida Ryouma:''' As for us... It's been days since Her Excellency last made an appearance here. We've executed almost all the directives she gave us, but have received no further instruction.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 14 kaidaryouma 04.ogg}} '''Kaida Ryouma:''' The situation is becoming grim... If we retreat any further, I fear morale may falter.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 14 kaidaryouma 05.ogg}} '''Kaida Ryouma:''' For now, we can only pray that General Gorou will be able to turn the tide... however difficult that may seem.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 14 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' We should go to the front line.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 14 teppei 03.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Our forces need all the help they can get &mdash; we're no use to them here.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 14 teppei 04.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' We mustn't let Tatarasuna fall to the enemy!
----
;(Upon arriving at the location)
;{{color|menu|You speed toward the front lines, and are just in time to see Kujou Sara, commander of the Shogun's army, trading barbs with Gorou.}}
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' So you are the only one here? Hm... I thought I might get to meet your grand strategist.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' She is the one that's been causing our forces so much trouble. The fact the resistance has even held out for this long is thanks to her.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But soon, the resistance will fall. They are no match for the might of the Shogun's Army... Her schemes mean nothing now.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' We have already rooted out those behind the resistance. All who have dishonored the Almighty Shogun will be punished.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I have faith in Her Excellency, and in the soldiers of the resistance.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' The Vision Hunt Decree is a brutal injustice. Our resistance has only just begun!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' ...It is futile. There is one other thing. I'm sure you've seen the recent arrest warrants. I trust that the blond traveler is somewhere among your forces now.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 06b.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I will make you a deal. Hand {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} over to us, and you'll buy yourself some time. A respite from the bloodshed would be advantageous to both sides, would it not?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So that's why you brought reinforcements, just to get&mdash;
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 07a.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 07b.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' {{MC|He|She|mc=1}} is of great importance to the almighty Shogun.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 08b.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' But the way I see it, {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} is expendable to the resistance.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 04b.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' That's where you're wrong &mdash; {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} means just as much to us. As a member of the resistance, {{MC|he|she|mc=1}}'s a comrade. I'll never surrender {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} to you.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' "The resistance never betrays its own." Her Excellency made that clear to everyone from the very beginning.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' General Gorou!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Teppei... and the Traveler? What are you doing here?
:{{DIcon}} We're here to help!
:{{DIcon}} It's my duty as a member of the resistance!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' *chuckle* It would appear our time to fight side-by-side has finally come...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Well, well... we meet again. This time, I won't let you get away.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I thought that you would seek refuge with the resistance in the hope of receiving asylum.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' That you choose to show up here proves that you have more bravery in you than I had originally thought. And now that you are here, I have a proposal...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Why not represent the resistance in a fight of honor?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A "fight of honor"...? What's that?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Before the battle begins, each side chooses their finest warrior for a match of single combat.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' To the superior force, there is little significance in such a duel. But for the weaker force, victory could constitute an important boost to their morale.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Her motives are clear. She wants to use the match as an opportunity to capture you. Do not feel compelled to participate &mdash; we can take the fight to them without such a ceremony.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, what do you think? Will you fight?
:{{DIcon}} I accept.
:{{DIcon}} I won't lose.

;(Upon starting the first fight)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 kujousara 13.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Remove all threats to eternity &mdash; by order of the almighty Shogun.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Be wary, you're up against a powerful opponent.

;(Upon starting the second fight)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' You can take 'em!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's more than one round! Keep it up!

;(Upon winning the second fight)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Resistance Soldier:''' Look! That's two rounds in a row!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 13.ogg}} '''Resistance Soldier:''' The Shogun's Army is not invincible! We can win!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 15 gorou 14.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' The soldiers are rallying... Your warrior's will is bringing them hope, Traveler...

;(After winning all fights)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Stronger than I anticipated... This contest has served its purpose.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Soldiers, attack!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Glory to the Shogun and her everlasting reign!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Prepare to engage!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' All of you, with me!
{{Cutscene Description|The cries of battle rise high into the sky. The resistance is at a disadvantage, leaving Gorou fretful and frustrated. Just then, the core of the resistance, Sangonomiya Kokomi, appears like timely rain from the heavens. The reinforcements who have long lain in ambush emerge and charge at her signal, flooding over the battlefield, with Beidou and Kazuha in their midst serving as mercenaries. Seeing that the moment has passed, Kujou Sara is forced to order a retreat.}}
;(A cutscene plays)
::'''Kujou Sara:''' Now!
::'''Tenryou Soldiers:''' Chaaaarge!!!
::'''Gorou:''' Stand firm, hold the line!
::'''Gorou:''' Her Excellency!
::'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' The wait is over my comrades
::'''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Now is our moment!
::'''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Heh, calm as the breeze, my lady
::'''Beidou:''' I just hope you can afford all these mercs you've gathered
::'''Gorou:''' Kazuha!
::'''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' We meet again, old friend
::'''Gorou:''' *nods*
::'''Kujou Sara:''' Tch... All forces, retreat!
:;(Cutscene ends)

;(After the battle)
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Greetings, {{Traveler}}. This is the first time we've met, please allow me to introduce myself.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I am Sangonomiya Kokomi, organizer of the resistance, and also the Divine Priestess of Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Perhaps it's the first time you're hearing that title... To put it simply, I'm the person currently in charge on Watatsumi Island, which is also the home front of the resistance.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I've actually heard all about you from Beidou and Kazuha. I hadn't expected to find you'd joined the resistance, though.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 05.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Do you have a plan beyond this point?
:{{DIcon}} No immediate plans...
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 06.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Mm... in that case, shall we continue our conversation at the shrine of Sangonomiya?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 07.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Although the Shogun's Army has retreated for now, the war is far from over.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 08.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' The Vision Hunt Decree has not been repealed, and neither the Tenryou Commission nor the Raiden Shogun show any sign of stopping... In short, our problems have yet to be resolved.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 09.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I suggest we move to the shrine to discuss our counter-plan. What say you?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 teppei 01.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' Um... Can I come, too?
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 teppei 02.ogg}} '''Teppei:''' I know Watatsumi Island very well. I can carry on being your guide, if you'd like.
:{{DIcon}} Of course you can come.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 10.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Gorou, thank you for all you have done.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 11.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Our forces are weaker than the Shogun's Army, and my absence can only have made the recent days all the more trying for you.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 12.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' I'm afraid I must still ask you to stay a while longer, to keep eyes on the Shogun's Army and also to see to the wounded. Mm... But I will ask the mercenaries to remain stationed here, and Kazuha is here too. Hopefully, this will serve to reduce the pressure you are under.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Well received, Your Excellency!
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 13.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' ...I must return to Sangonomiya now, I have a few things to attend to... Once you're ready, {{Traveler}}, please rendezvous with Teppei. He will escort you there.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 14.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Thank you for all your efforts so far. From this day on, I fight alongside you.
:{{A|vo dqaq010 16 kokomi 15.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Fight... for the future of Inazuma.

;(Talk to Beidou)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq010 beidou 01.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' I guarantee you, only the Alcor could pull off an ambush as quietly as that.
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq010 beidou 02.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' Did we give you a fright? I gotta admit, I was caught off guard myself. When we dropped you off in Ritou, I wasn't expecting Tatarasuna would be the next place I'd see you.
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq010 beidou 03.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' But wherever you might end up, you'll always be part of Captain Beidou's crew.
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq010 beidou 04.ogg}} '''Beidou:''' If you're ever in a tight spot, come and find me. I'll have your back.

;(Talk to Kazuha)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq010 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' On the way here, I happened to learn of the bounty on your head. Hehe, as expected, you seem to have given them quite the challenge in that regard.
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq010 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I hear also that you witnessed the Raiden Shogun? I trust she's as oppressive as ever.
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq010 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The Musou no Hitotachi... Are there truly those who can withstand it?
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq010 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Perhaps one day, we will be able to face her oppression head-on... This is the reason I returned to Inazuma.

;(Talk to Gorou)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq010 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Her Excellency never fails us!
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq010 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I must say, I was certainly surprised to look out and see Kazuha joining the fray. It's been quite some time since we last fought side-by-side...
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq010 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' At that time, his friend was defeated in a duel before the throne... and executed by the Raiden Shogun. Kazuha came to visit the resistance as he was fleeing Inazuma with his friend's Vision.
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq010 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' ...Hard to believe it's been so long.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = In the Name of the Resistance
|zhs     = 以反抗之人的名义
|zhs_rm  = Yí Fǎnkàng zhī Rén de Míngyì
|zht     = 以反抗之人的名義
|zht_rm  = Yí Fǎnkàng zhī Rén de Míngyì
|zh_tl   = In the Name of The People Resisting
|ja      = 抵抗する者の名において
|ja_rm   = Teikou Suru Mono no Na ni Oite
|ja_tl   = As For the Name of Those Resisting
|ko      = 저항의 이름으로
|ko_rm   = Jeohang-ui Ireum-euro
|ko_tl   = In the Name of the Resistance
|es      = En nombre de la resistencia
|es_tl   = In the Name of the Resistance
|fr      = Au nom de la Résistance
|fr_tl   = In the Name of the Resistance
|ru      = Во имя сопротивления
|ru_tl   = In the Name of the Resistance
|th      = ในนามของผู้ต่อต้าน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = In the Name of the Resisters
|vi      = {{tt|Nhân Danh|因名}} {{tt|Quân|軍}} {{tt|Kháng Chiến|抗戰}}
|vi_tl   = In the Name of the Resistance<!-- Army-->
|de      = Im Namen des Widerstandes
|de_tl   = In the Name of the Resistance
|id      = Atas Nama Pemberontak
|id_tl   = In the Name of the Resistance
|pt      = Em Nome da Resistência
|pt_tl   = In the Name of the Resistance
|tr      = Direniş Adına
|tr_tl   = In the Name of the Resistance
|it      = Nel nome della Resistenza
|it_tl   = In the Name of the Resistance
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[es:En nombre de la resistencia]]
[[ja:抵抗する者の名において]]
[[pt-br:Em Nome da Resistência]]
[[vi:Nhân Danh Quân Kháng Chiến]]