{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73696
|image         = Event Quest In Truth's Steps.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = A Parade of Providence
|requirement   = Complete [[Opening Festivities]]
|characters    = Bahar; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[A Parade of Providence/In Truth's Steps|In Truth's Steps]] subevent.
}}
'''''In Truth's Steps''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[A Parade of Providence]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Bahar]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Bahar from Haravatat seems to be busy with something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Bahar, optional)
:'''Bahar:''' (To chase truth's elusive steps... ultimately, it is still a riddle, is it not? *sigh*)

;(Talk to Bahar)
:'''Bahar:''' Good day to you, Traveler. Given how you appear, you must be here to take part in the Wisdom Gala, yes?
:'''Bahar:''' If you're interested, would you like to try out the event that we, the Haravatat, are organizing?
:{{DIcon}} If I recall, Haravatat studies...
:'''Bahar:''' "Languages." Albeit that's a loose summary.
:'''Bahar:''' That is what we research here at Haravatat.
:'''Bahar:''' Well, what do you think? Sounds like a good fit for the Gala's festive and relaxed atmosphere, does it not?
:'''Bahar:''' Many of my fellow Darshan members do quite think so. Everyone is having fun to their heart's content, so surely we shall not spoil the mood by going around asking people riddles, yes?
:'''Bahar:''' In any case, we shall be hard-pressed to drum up much interest if we make people guess riddles for our activity...
:'''Bahar:''' After much... friendly discussion, we have decided on a little game known as "In Truth's Steps."
:'''Bahar:''' It does not require any tools or items. Just a settled mind and clear thoughts.
:'''Bahar:''' When this game starts, I will tell you a story. Now, it may seem to you that the tale is going nowhere. Indeed, some parts of it might even defy common sense!
:'''Bahar:''' And so you can question me, to which I will answer using three types of answers: {{color|buzzword|"Yes,"}} {{color|buzzword|"No,"}} or {{color|buzzword|"It doesn't matter."}}
:'''Bahar:''' What you need to do is to use your questions to find the "truth" to this story.
:'''Bahar:''' Don't be nervous, though. The correct answer isn't meant to be all that complicated.
:'''Bahar:''' What do you say? If you're interested, we can start now.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = In Truth's Steps
|zhs       = 追溯求真
|zhs_rm    = Zhuīsù Qiúzhēn
|zht       = 追溯求真
|zht_rm    = Zhuīsù Qiúzhēn
|zh_tl     = Truth-Seeking Pursuit
|ja        = 真相究明
|ja_rm     = Shinsou Kyuumei
|ja_tl     = 
|ko        = 진실 추리
|ko_tl     = Truth Deduction
|es        = En busca de la verdad
|es_tl     = In Search of the Truth
|fr        = Dans les pas de la vérité
|fr_tl     = In Truth's Steps
|ru        = В поисках правды
|ru_tl     = In Search of the Truth
|th        = แสวงหาความจริง
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Truy Tìm Chân Tướng
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Suche nach Wahrheit
|de_tl     = Search for Truth
|id        = Penjajakan Kebenaran
|id_tl     = Exploration of Truth
|pt        = Sim, Não ou Irrelevante
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Gerçeğin Peşinde
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Il sentiero della verità
|it_tl     = The Path of Truth
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:Sim, Não ou Irrelevante (Missão)]]
[[ru:В поисках правды (задание)]]