{{For|the World Quest in Mondstadt|In the Aftermath}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Inazuma
|chapter       = Kuki Shinobu
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Gang's Daily Deeds
|description   = Thanks to Yae's "generous concession." you are able to head down the mountain to clean the flyers up...
|startLocation = [[Grand Narukami Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]
|requirement   = 
|prev          = To the Shrine
|characters    = Akira; Genta; Kuki Shinobu; Mamoru; Miyuki; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}

==Steps==
# Talk to Miyuki on the mountain path
# Use Anemo or Hydro to help clean the flyers up (0/3)
# Continue cleaning your way down the mountain

==Dialogue==
===Sisterly Reunion===
{{Quest Description|Thanks to Yae's "generous concession," you are able to head down the mountain to clean the flyers up...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Miyuki)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 01.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' *humming* ...
:{{DIcon}} You look very happy...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 02.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Of course, Lady Yae personally assigned this task to me!

;(Condition 1 &mdash; ???)
::{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 03.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' I've been dealing with something down in Tatarasuna for a while, so I hadn't seen Lady Yae in a long time.
::{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 04.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Progress has been slow there lately, so I thought I'd come back and see what's been going on here... I have to say, I was not expecting to see all these flyers!
;(Condition 2 &mdash; ???)
::{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 07.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Oh, it's you, Traveler. Long time no see.
::{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 08.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Progress has round to a halt in Tatarasuna lately, so I thought I'd come back and see what's been going on here... I have to say, I was not expecting all these flyers!
;(Condition 3 &mdash; ???)
::{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 11.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Oh, it's you, Traveler. Long time no see.
::{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 12.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Lady Yae has instructed me to clean up all the flyers on the mountain. As for why someone would put these up at a shrine in the first place...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 13.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Unbelievable. Who was behind it, I wonder?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 14.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Huh? Who's that standing behind you...?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ahem... Miyuki. It's been a while.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 15.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Shinobu! You... you...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 16.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' ...You finally decided to come back!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Sorry, no... I'm here for other reasons.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 17.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Aw, really... The whole family's worried about you. They might not always say the right thing, but deep down&mdash;
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I'm doing fine, and there's no need to worry about me. There. Just tell them that.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 18.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' I'm gonna need more to go on than that! What's this I've been hearing from visitors that you've joined some sort of gang since returning from Liyue? That's not the worst of the rumors, either...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 19.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' As unlikely as it sounds, I have to ask... Shinobu, did you get tricked into this, or something?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I was just about to fill you in on that side of things. As it happens, the "gang" I work for...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It's actually a legitimate international organization.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 20.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Really!?
:{{DIcon}} Really!?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Shush! Ahem, our organization brings together the brightest talents from all over the world, including (Traveler), for instance...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' A prominent figure in both Mondstadt and Liyue who has recently joined us as our "chief advisor."
:{{DIcon}} Greetings.
:{{DIcon}} Nice to re-meet you.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 21.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Wait... Lady Yae did mention something about a world-renowned Traveler. So... that's you?
:{{DIcon}} The pleasure is all mine.
:{{DIcon}} Yes indeed.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' That's right. A large part of the reason I traveled all the way to Liyue was for the opportunity to build contacts with these prominent individuals.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 22.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' I see... Well, that makes sense. So, what is the name of this organization?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ..."The Arataki Gang."
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 23.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Huh? "The Arataki Gang"? I feel like I've heard that name somewhere before...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 24.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Wait... That's the name on these flyers!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ahem! I can explain, that was all due to a marketing campaign gone wrong. We came to the shrine today to clear up the misunderstanding.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 11.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Heh... Our organization is relatively new to Inazuma, and one recurring issue we've had is people misinterpreting what we're about.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 12.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' So we engaged a local marketing agency to help us communicate our ethos and philosophy more effectively.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 13.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Unfortunately... something must have gotten misunderstood along the way, because the results were quite a disaster.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 14.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Although the fault lies overwhelmingly with our partner agency in this case, as a responsible organization, we think we should be the ones to apologize and deal with the fallout.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 15.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' So yeah, we can deal with this and you can go ahead and get back to the shrine...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 25.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' No way! This task was assigned to me by Lady Yae herself!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 miyuki 26.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Look... we can clean up together, can't we? Besides, I also want to hear all about this Arataki Gang...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 16.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' (Ugh... it's like she's predicted my every move.)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914601 shinobu 17.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' *sigh* Alright, fine. The flyers aren't particularly sticky. If we soften them up with water or loosen them up with wind, they'll probably peel right off.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Hearsay===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Examine the first flyer)
:'''Arataki Gang Flyer:''' "Stick It to the Man, Join the Arataki Gang!"...

;(Clean the first flyer)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914605 miyuki 01.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' "Stick It to the Man, Join the Arataki Gang!"...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914605 miyuki 02.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Um, how do I put this... The artistic style of your marketing material is very...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914605 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ahem, it's largely inspired by the "abstract style" which is very popular in Mondstadt right now, and also incorporates elements from Liyue's ink wash paintings.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914605 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' We paid top Mora to hire a professional artist for this, and while the finished product is a little... um, avant-garde...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914605 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...that's exactly in line with the Arataki Gang's spirit of being fearlessly creative and radically disruptive.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914605 miyuki 03.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' I, uh... I see.
----
;(Examine the second flyer)
:'''Arataki Gang Flyer:''' "Arataki Numero Uno Itto: Ousting His Foes Like a Sumo Supremo!"

;(Clean the second flyer)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914606 miyuki 01.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' "Arataki Numero Uno Itto: Ousting His Foes Like a Sumo Supremo!"
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914606 miyuki 02.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' This Arataki Itto, is he your... leader in Inazuma? I've heard a few rumors...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914606 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ahem! Mr. Arataki is a pioneering genius and the face of our organization. Naturally, plenty of our competitors seek to smear him.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914606 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Mr. Arataki is generous and easygoing by nature, and is reluctant to get bogged down with fighting spurious allegations. Plus, the fact that he is an oni can make certain topics a little tricky to navigate...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914606 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Nevertheless, we still reserve the right to sue for defamation if it comes to it.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914606 miyuki 03.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Really? Wow, that sounds tough...
----
;(Examine the third flyer)
:'''Arataki Gang Flyer:''' "The Arataki Gang Is Filled With Folks Who Talk the Talk and Walk the Walk!"

;(Clean the third flyer)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914607 miyuki 01.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' "The Arataki Gang Is Filled With Folks Who Talk the Talk and Walk the Walk!"
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914607 miyuki 02.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' It looks like there are some members mentioned on the back... Mamoru, Genta, Akira...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914607 miyuki 03.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Hold on, if your organization has so many members, how come you and the chief advisor had to come and apologize in person?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914607 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Um... Well, first and foremost, we wanted to convey our most heartfelt apologies to the shrine and to Lady Guuji.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914607 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Secondly, the other members are dealing with more pressing issues. Right now, they're in talks with our external marketing team about this incident.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914607 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Mamoru and the others have... um, far greater legal expertise and negotiating skills than I do, so they had to be the ones attending the talks.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914607 miyuki 04.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Wow, the Arataki Gang managed to find staff even more qualified than you? Now that is impressive.

;(After cleaning all flyers)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914608 miyuki 01.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Alright, I think this area is looking good now. Let's head down the mountain.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Uninvited Guests===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Mam&mdash; Ahem! What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Shinobu! We're so sorry!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 genta 01.ogg}} '''Genta:''' We've come to our senses now. We can't let you face the shrine alone!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Even though we're still a little scared... actually, I'm feeling a little weak in the knees...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 genta 02.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Hang in there, Akira! We gotta do this, we have to go and apologize to her in person!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 miyuki 01.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Huh... Akira?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Don't worry about them, Miyuki. Let's get down the mountain and clear up those flyers...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 mamoru 02.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' It's alright, Shinobu! We've already gotten rid of all the flyers down there!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 miyuki 02.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Huh? You cleaned up already? But I thought Shinobu and the Traveler were the only ones who came...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 genta 03.ogg}} '''Genta:''' We came here as quickly as we could after we'd finished apologizing in the city. After all, this was all our fault.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 akira 02.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Mamoru, Genta, and I were the ones who came up with the idea of the boss designing his own flyers, and we were the ones who put them up all over town and got arrested for it... So, it just seems wrong to make Shinobu face that woman at the shrine all by herself.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 miyuki 03.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Mamoru and Genta...? Arrested? The flyers were designed by the boss?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Oh...
:{{DIcon}} Busted.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 miyuki 04.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' What the heck is going on here, Shinobu? Does this mean that the rumors I heard are...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' True, yes. Most of them, anyway.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 miyuki 05.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' So... What happened, did you get tricked into joining them? If the rest of the family hears about this, oh goodness gracious...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' No, I joined of my own free will.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It's not as spectacular as I was making it out to be, but I'm happy with what I'm doing.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Go ahead and tell the family if you want. Tell them everything. I don't think being a member of the Arataki Gang is anything to feel ashamed about.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Even if you drag me back kicking and screaming, you know I'll only find a way to escape again.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 mamoru 03.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Uh-oh... I have a feeling we've messed up again...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 genta 04.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Is she... going to turn Shinobu in? Hey, we're the ones who messed up the shrine! Shinobu had nothing to do with it!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 akira 03.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Where's that other lady? B&mdash;Bring her out, go on! She'll... she'll confirm it was all our fault!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 miyuki 06.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' *sigh* ...I'm at a loss for words, Shinobu. I really am.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 miyuki 07.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Alright, alright. I promise I won't tell anyone at home. Don't worry."
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...What?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 miyuki 08.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' You're not a little kid anymore, and you're more widely traveled and have met more people than any of us.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 miyuki 09.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' At the end of the day, it's your choice what you decide to do.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 miyuki 10.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' And I have to say, the rumors do unnerve me a little bit, but... look, they came here to support you, despite obviously being terrified of Lady Yae.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 miyuki 11.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Since you've chosen the Arataki Gang, just promise me you'll do your best to make all the things you used to talk about come true.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 shinobu 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Aw, sis...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 mamoru 04.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Wh&mdash;What's going on here?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 genta 05.ogg}} '''Genta:''' I don't know, but it looks like...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 akira 04.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Maybe... we don't need to get that terrifying lady to come and confirm our story after all?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 miyuki 12.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Besides, if even (Traveler) has decided to join...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 miyuki 13.ogg}} '''Miyuki:''' Then the future of the Arataki Gang looks very bright, doesn't it?
:{{DIcon}} Heh, actually, I...
:{{DIcon}} About that "Chief Advisor" thing...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914609 shinobu 11.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ahem! Chief Advisor, if you'd like to discuss the Arataki Gang's future development, let's step to the side, please!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: "Time For Some Secret Dealings..."===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = "Time For Some Secret Dealings..."
|character       = Kuki Shinobu
|act             = 1
|description     = For the sake of the Arataki Gang's future, you suppose you can play this "Chief Advisor" role for a bit.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = In the Aftermath
|zhs     = 善后工作
|zhs_rm  = Shànhòu Gōngzuò
|zht     = 善後工作
|zht_rm  = Shànhòu Gōngzuò
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 後片付け
|ja_rm   = Atokatadzuke
|ja_tl   = Cleaning Up
|ko      = 뒷수습
|ko_rm   = Dwitssuseup
|ko_tl   = Settlement
|es      = Arreglando el desastre
|es_tl   = Repairing the Disaster
|fr      = Après un dur labeur
|fr_tl   = After a Hard Work
|ru      = Последствия
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เก็บกวาดผลที่ตามมา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Công Tác Hậu Kỳ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Aufräumarbeiten
|de_tl   = Clean-Up Operation
|id      = Sisa Pekerjaan
|id_tl   = Remaining Work
|pt      = Trabalhos Posteriores
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}