{{Act Infobox
|image          = 
|type           = World
|major          = yes
|chapter        = Aranyaka
|actNum         = IV
|actType        = Part
|prev           = Nursery of Lost Dreams
}}
'''In the End, the Forest Will Remember''' is the fourth part of the {{Quest|Aranyaka}}.

==Quests==
# [["Hello," "Thank You," and the Final "Goodbye"]]

==Summary==
;"Hello," "Thank You," and the Final "Goodbye"
After sacrificing his memory to form the Bija, Arana awakens to the Traveler and Paimon with his memories already wiped. Not recognizing the Traveler and Paimon anymore, they introduced themselves once more to him. Noticing the gaps in his memories, Arana correctly deduces the events that happened. Although he cannot remember Rana, he trusts the Traveler and Paimon to take the Bija to her. The Traveler and Paimon persuades Arana to visit Rana together, even if he no longer remembers her. Returning to Vimara Village, the Traveler uses the Bija to wake Rana up. After sharing the stories that occurred and recounting the adventures they had to obtain the Bija, Rana thank Arana for sacrificing his memories to save her. She invites him to go on a journey with her to create new precious memories and fill the "void" in his heart. Afterwards, a light appears in Rana's chest and she is granted a Dendro Vision. Now possessing a Vision, she is even more confident to embark on a journey together with Arana and ready to go after informing [[Tighnari]] of her plans. Rana wishes that she will meet the Traveler and Paimon again one day and she will be stronger by then.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = In the End, the Forest Will Remember
|zhs      = 最终，森林会记住一切
|zhs_rm   = Zuìzhōng, Sēnlín Huì Jìzhù Yīqiè
|zht      = 最終，森林會記住一切
|zht_rm   = Zuìzhōng, Sēnlín Huì Jìzhù Yīqiè
|zh_tl    = In the End, the Forest Remembers Everything
|ja       = そして、森はすべてを記憶する
|ja_rm    = Soshite, Mori wa subete wo Kiokusuru
|ja_tl    = And so, the Forrest Remembers Everything
|ko       = 결국, 숲이 모든 걸 기억할 테니까
|ko_rm    = Gyeolguk, Supi Modeun Geol Gieokal Tenikka
|ko_tl    = In the End, the Forest Will Remember Everything
|es       = Al final, el bosque se acuerda de todo
|es_tl    = In the End, the Forest Remembers Everything
|fr       = À la fin, la forêt se souvient de tout
|fr_tl    = In the End, the Forest Remembers Everything
|ru       = В конце концов, лес помнит всё
|ru_tl    = In the End, the Forest Remembers Everything
|th       = สุดท้ายแล้ว ป่าไม้จะจดจำทุกสิ่งทุกอย่าง
|th_rm    = Sud Tai Laew, Pa Mai Ja Jod Jam Tuk Sing Tuk Yang
|th_tl    = In the End, the Forest Will Remember Everything
|vi       = Cuối Cùng, Rừng Sẽ Ghi Nhớ Tất Cả
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Der Wald vergisst nichts
|de_tl    = The Forest Doesn't Forget
|id       = Pada Akhirnya, Hutan Akan Selalu Mengingat Segalanya
|id_tl    = In the End, the Forest Will Always Remember Everything
|pt       = No Fim, A Floresta Lembrará
|pt_tl    = In the End, the Forest Will Remember
|tr       = Sonunda Orman Hatırlar
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Alla fine, la foresta non dimenticherà
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Al final, el bosque se acuerda de todo]]
[[ru:В конце концов, лес помнит всё]]