{{About|the World Quest in Mondstadt|the quest in Kuki Shinobu's Hangout Event|In the Aftermath (Hangout Event)}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70825
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|summary   = Retrieve papers scattered in [[Mondstadt]] from [[Stormterror]]'s attacks.
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|exp           = 100
|mora          = 20,000
|rep           = Mondstadt
|repAmt        = 20
|other         = {{card|Guide to Ballad|1}}
|characters    = Huffman; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''In the Aftermath''' is a World Quest that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]].
==Steps==
# Patrol the area and clear any obstacles
# Defeat all the enemies and clear the obstacles
#* {{enemy|Anemo Samachurl|x=1}}
#* {{enemy|Wooden Shield Mitachurl|x=1}}
#* {{enemy|Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard|x=3}}
# Patrol the area and clear any obstacles
# Defeat all the enemies and dismantle their camp
#* {{enemy|Dendro Samachurl|x=1}}
#* {{enemy|Hilichurl Fighter|x=2}}
#* {{enemy|Wooden Shield Mitachurl|x=2}}
# Patrol the area and clear any obstacles
# Defeat all the enemies and dismantle their camp
#* {{enemy|Blazing Axe Mitachurl|x=2}}
#* {{enemy|Hilichurl Fighter|x=3}}
#* {{enemy|Pyro Slime|x=2}}
# Report back to Huffman

==Notes==
* Make sure to use the "Navigate" button to find each of the quest areas if you can not find them.
* There are [[Hilichurls]] at each location that the player has to defeat. The Hilichurl constructs at each location must also be destroyed before the quest progresses.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Huffman]] has his hands full with cleanup work that followed the storm...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Huffman)
:'''Huffman:''' There's still so much cleaning up to do...
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:'''Huffman:''' As I'm sure you're aware, we faced continuous attacks from bands of monsters for the entire duration of the Stormterror incident.
:'''Huffman:''' Although the Stormterror incident is now resolved, and we've successfully fended off the monsters...
:'''Huffman:''' The monsters erected quite a substantial number of barricades outside the city of the course of their raids.
:'''Huffman:''' So while the monsters themselves have been fought back... these barricades aren't about to disappear of their own accord.
:'''Huffman:''' We can't just leave them here indefinitely, especially now that things are returning to business as usual in the city.
:'''Huffman:''' Unfortunately, the Knights are short-staffed and there's simply no one to take on the task. As our Honorary Knight, would you be willing to clear up the barricades?
:{{DIcon}} It is my honor to serve.
::'''Huffman:''' Spoken like a true member of the Knights of Favonius! Honorary Knight, you have my gratitude.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, I have something else on...
::'''Huffman:''' Well, I don't doubt that you must have far more important matters to attend to. In which case, never mind, I shall have to think of something else.
:;(Cancels the quest)

----

;(At the first blockade)
:'''Paimon:''' He wasn't kidding, look at all this junk. Worst thing in the world for foot traffic...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's smash them all to pieces!

;(At the second blockade)
:'''Paimon:''' There's still more? How'd they put up all these in such a short time, anyway?
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, what does it matter. Let's clear them all up, then we won't have to think about it any longer.

;(At the third blockade)
:'''Paimon:''' There are soooo many! Geez, how long were they planning this for?
:'''Paimon:''' Not long enough, clearly! The last traces of their big master plan are disappearing right before Paimon's very eyes!
:'''Paimon:''' Come on, let's clean this area up, pronto!

;(After clearing all obstacles)
:'''Paimon:''' Alrighty, our work here is done. Let's go speak to Huffman again.

----

;(Report back to Huffman)
:'''Huffman:''' How's your progress? Finished clearing the area yet?
:{{DIcon}} All done.
:'''Huffman:''' Fantastic. You've been an enormous help, who knows how much longer those ugly things would've been stood there otherwise.
:'''Huffman:''' Honorary Knight, please accept these as an expression of my gratitude.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = In the Aftermath
|zhs     = 善后工作
|zhs_rm  = Shànhòu Gōngzuò
|zht     = 善後工作
|zht_rm  = Shànhòu Gōngzuò
|zh_tl   = The Work in the Aftermath
|ja      = 後片付け
|ja_rm   = Atokatadzuke
|ja_tl   = Tidying Up
|ko      = 뒷수습
|ko_rm   = Dwitsuseup
|ko_tl   = Settlement
|es      = Trabajando después de la tormenta
|es_tl   = Working After the Storm
|fr      = Après-crise
|fr_tl   = Post-Crisis
|ru      = Последствия катастрофы
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เก็บกวาดงานที่เหลือ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Công việc hậu kỳ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Aufräumarbeiten
|de_tl   = clean-up Work
|id      = Sisa Pekerjaan
|id_tl   = Remaining Work
|pt      = Trabalhando depois da tormenta
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}