{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest In the Mountains.png
|id            = 70141
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Dragonspine
|subarea       = Snow-Covered Path
|summary       = 
|startLocation = [[Dragonspine Adventurer Camp]], [[Mondstadt]]
|exp           = 500
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 60
|rep           = Mondstadt
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 86
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|3}}
|characters    = Iris (Dragonspine Adventurer Camp); Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''In the Mountains''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Dragonspine Adventurer Camp]], [[Mondstadt]]. Completing this quest grants access to the [[Peak of Vindagnyr]] domain.

==Steps==
This quest can be started either by talking to [[Iris (Dragonspine Adventurer Camp)|Iris]] at the [[Dragonspine Adventurer Camp]], or by completing Step 1 before talking to her.
#Investigate the strange ice
#*Go to the strange ice located next to a {{Enemy|Frostarm Lawachurl|nobr=1}}, near the first waypoint from [[Dragonspine Adventurer Camp]].
#*Thaw the strange ice. This is done by attacking a [[Scarlet Quartz]], absorbing the crystal and attacking the strange ice with it. This needs to be done four times. The quartz are all near the crystal, although one of them is near said Lawachurl.
#*Activate the orb to unlock the [[Frostbearing Tree]].
#Continue upwards to investigate
#Thaw all the shards out (1/3)
#*Entombed City Outskirts (2nd waypoint south from Dawn Winery's Statue of the Seven)
#**Activate the device and watch the Warming Seelie go to the 5 Cryo Totems.
#**Activate the 5 totems in the same order using a Cryo character.
#**Open the Precious Chest which contains Crimson Agate.
#**Defeat the {{Enemy|Ruin Guard|x=2|nobr=1}}. Once the fight begins, only 1 of the 4 heat beacons will be active at any 1 time.
#**Defeat the {{Enemy|Ruin Grader|nobr=1}}, which activates after the Ruin Guards are defeated.
#**Glide down into the cavern. Guide the floating Warming Seelie to its garden.
#**Free the 2nd Warming Seelie from the ice near the stele with Ancient Carvings.
#**Thaw the ice by attacking it after breaking the Scarlet Quartz (4 times).
#**Activate the orb after thawing the ice. {{Enemy|Ruin Grader|x=2|nobr=1}} will activate and attack, but they are far weaker than the one just fought and have reduced health. The entrance near the seelie will open up, leading to a passage with some Starsilver ores.
#*Starglow Cavern (waypoint southwest of [[Peak of Vindagnyr]] domain)
#**Head east from the waypoint, glide down, and continue eastward to the cavern with the strange ice.
#**Activate and complete the challenge to remove the barrier. This consists of four waves that must be cleared in three minutes:
#***First Wave: {{Enemy List|Cryo Hilichurl Shooter*2;Cryo Hilichurl Grenadier*1}}
#***Second Wave: {{Enemy List|Cryo Hilichurl Shooter*3;Cryo Samachurl*1}}
#***Third Wave: {{Enemy List|Cryo Hilichurl Shooter*2;Cryo Samachurl*2}}
#***Fourth Wave: {{Enemy List|Cryo Abyss Mage*3}}
#***''During this challenge, icicles will continually fall from above. It is recommended to find the three [[Seelie#Warming_Seelie|Warming Seelies]] and guide them to the courts before attempting the challenge.''
#**Thaw the ice by attacking it after breaking the Scarlet Quartz (4 times).
#**Activate the orb after thawing the ice.
#Head for Dragonspine's summit
#*Go to the Statue of the Seven and head south and west.
#*Follow the Warming Seelie at the Hilichurl Camp to head up to Skyfrost Nail.
#Thaw all the shards out again (3 shards)
#*Break the First Shard
#**From the Skyfrost Nail waypoint, break the Scarlet Quartz near the 2nd inactive Ruin Guard.
#**Go further up the circular slope and use an archer to shoot the 1st glowing shard floating in the sky.
#*Break the Second Shard
#**Head up the slope to a heat beacon in a field of ice grass.
#**Go north and defeat the {{Enemy|Frostarm Lawachurl|nobr=1}}. This Lawachurl will call in {{Enemy|Cryo Hilichurl Shooter|nobr=1}}s as reinforcements, all of whom will despawn when the Lawachurl is killed.
#**Break the Scarlet Quartz near the chest.
#**Go back to the cliff near the heat beacon and shoot the 2nd shard floating in the sky.
#*Break the Third Shard
#**Follow the Warming Seelie near the Lawachurl's chest up to an Anemo Totem.
#**Activate the Anemo Totem with an Anemo character.
#**Glide up the wind current and use the accelerating rings to go up and forward to reach a Hilichurl camp.
#**Break the Scarlet Quartz in the Hilichurl camp.
#**Glide down onto one of the floating platforms and shoot the 3rd shard. The player can also activate the other 2 orbs before shooting the 3rd shard if quick enough. Otherwise, shoot the 3rd shard first, then go back and glide down to activate all the orbs.
#*Activate all the Orbs revealed by the broken shards.
#Investigate the area below
#*Open the Luxurious Chest with the red aura.
#*This will grant access to the [[Peak of Vindagnyr]] [[domain]].
#*There are also 3 Precious [[Chests]] and 1 Exquisite Chest near the entrance of the domain.
#Report back to Iris
#*The [[Cryo Hypostasis]] will become available after this step.

==Achievements==
* Completing this quest will grant the ''[[Visitors on the Icy Mountain]]'' achievement ''[[Skyfrost Nail (Achievement)|Skyfrost Nail]]''.
* Climbing to the top of Skyfrost Nail after it's restored will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Sky High]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|At the adventurer camp, [[Iris (Dragonspine Adventurer Camp)|Iris]] informs you that there seems to be some bizarrely hard ice blocking the paths into the mountains...}}<br />
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Iris)
;(Only plays after completing [[Low-Temperature Warning]], by choosing a non-quest dialogue option, then talking to her again.)
:'''Iris:''' This is a sticky situation, indeed...
:{{DIcon|Quest}} How are things here on Dragonspine?
:'''Iris:''' On this mountain? Well, I can only say that it's more dangerous than any other place in Mondstadt.
:'''Iris:''' Apart from the harsh conditions, this mountain is also home to some strange... ice.
:'''Iris:''' It is incredibly hard to break, and will not melt when exposed to fire.
:'''Iris:''' Worst of all, a few roads have been blocked by this ice.
:'''Iris:''' Quite a few of our expedition teams have been forced to turn back after being blocked by ice barricades that they could not get around.
:'''Iris:''' *sigh* I wonder when we're going to find a way to get rid of that ice...
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I'll have a look at it.
:'''Iris:''' You're just going to have a look, right? If so, I remember that there was a large slab of ice of that kind on the mountain's outer boundaries. Who knows what's frozen inside it...
:'''Iris:''' You could have a look around there, but remember, it's best not to come this way again.

;(Talk to Iris again)
:{{DIcon}} So, tell me about the ice.
:'''Iris:''' If you'd just like to have a look at the ice, you can just go to the place that I mentioned. For your own safety, don't go any further into the mountain.
----
;(Approach the Frostbearing Tree)
:'''Paimon:''' What a huge block of ice... Can you see what's stuck inside?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, what's up with all this blue grass around here? So strange...

;(After unlocking the Frostbearing Tree)
:'''Paimon:''' Eek! That thing just flew up into the air... Looked like it was going towards the mountain's summit.
:'''Paimon:''' Shall we go and have a look around? Or should we go back and ask someone about the situation?

;(Upon reaching the area leading to the summit)
:'''Paimon:''' S&mdash;S&mdash;So cold... P&mdash;Paimon's turning into a Paimon popsicle!
:'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What's... going on here...
:'''Paimon:''' W&mdash;We should go back and ask around at the camp in the foothills...
----
{{Quest Description|update|The cavern leading up to the summit has been blocked by a mysterious air current that renders it impassible. Head down to the camp in the foothills to ask around. Perhaps someone might have a clue as to your next course of action.}}
;(Report back to Iris)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} This mountain really is a dangerous place...
:'''Iris:''' Oh? You're back? How did it go? Did you see the ice&mdash; Huh. You're in... quite a state, aren't you?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Do you know anything about the air current in the cavern?
:'''Iris:''' You've already been that high up? That's very impressive. Still... a cavern blocked by a strange air current, you say? Let me think...
:'''Iris:''' Ah, that reminds me. We did have an adventure team that also got lucky enough to reach a point very high up the mountain.
:'''Iris:''' They couldn't get close enough, but they did they <!--in-game typo-->report that a cavern near the summit did have a strange and powerful air current flowing out from it.
:'''Iris:''' But logically speaking, no air current in such a place should be that strong. No one knows the reason why, either...
:'''Iris:''' Apart from that strange air current, this mountain is also home to some very strange ice.
:'''Iris:''' This ice is incredibly hard to break, and will not melt when exposed to fire. It has proved a major obstacle to our exploration as a result.
:'''Iris:''' We have been unable to find a way to deal with that ice, so we've had to go around it...
:'''Iris:''' What's more, blue plants are often found growing near this ice.
:'''Iris:''' I could vaguely see that there was something encased within the ice. But since I was unable to melt it, catching a glimpse of it was as far as I got.
:'''Iris:''' If you're interested, you can follow the trail of blue plants to have a look at that ice.
:'''Iris:''' Let me think... I believe that the {{Color|buzzword|Entombed City Outskirts}} and {{Color|buzzword|Starglow Cavern}} are home to many of those blue plants. You can go and check them out.
:'''Iris:''' A strange, powerful air current, bizarre ice, and odd plants...
:'''Iris:''' Hahaha, if this was your standard tale of adventure, there would be some link between these three.
:'''Iris:''' But in real life, it's best to be practical when adventuring... Make sure you prepare yourself sufficiently before heading up Dragonspine, you hear?

;(Talk to Iris again)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, tell me about the ice.
:'''Iris:''' Perhaps you've already noticed, but that slab of ice is surrounded by a great many blue plants.
:'''Iris:''' I believe that those plants may be related in some way to the shard frozen in the ice.
:'''Iris:''' If you wish to continue looking for those shards on Dragonspine, I'd say that you might have some luck following the trail of those blue plants.
:'''Iris:''' I believe that the {{Color|buzzword|Entombed City Outskirts}} and {{Color|buzzword|Starglow Cavern}} are home to many of those blue plants. You can go and check them out. Perhaps you might discover something.
----
{{Quest Description|update|The first shard flew up and away after being thawed out... According to Iris, there are two other shards here on [[Dragonspine]]. If you follow the strange blue plants, you may be able to find more shards of this sort around the {{Color|buzzword|Entombed City Outskirts}} and {{Color|buzzword|Starglow Cavern}}.}}

;(After unlocking the second mechanism and waking the Ruin Guards)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, be careful! Those big guys look like they're waking up...
:'''Paimon:''' It's so cold... That light over there, it looks like some kind of {{Color|buzzword|heat source}}...

;(Traveling inside the fallen ice)
:'''Paimon:''' What a huge block of ice... Can you see what's stuck inside?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, what's up with all this blue grass around here? So strange...

;(Upon entering Starglow Cavern)
:'''Paimon:''' This blue grass grows thick here. Paimon thinks we must be getting closer to something.

;(Approaching the shard in Starglow Cavern)
:'''Paimon:''' So c&mdash;cold...
:'''Paimon:''' Is it because there's no sunlight around here? Or does it have something to do with those {{Color|buzzword|blue plants}} or that {{Color|buzzword|weird ice}}...

;(After thawing all three shards)
:'''Paimon:''' All three shards have thawed out and flown up to the top...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go to the summit and see what the situation there's like.

;(Talk to Iris)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, tell me about the ice.
:'''Iris:''' Since we've got a way to melt that ice now, that means I can continue organizing expedition parties to explore the mountain...
----
{{Quest Description|update|Upon thawing the remaining shards out, all the shards flew upwards and away... Perhaps this might have resulted in some changes to the {{Color|buzzword|cavern sealed by the strange air current}}...}}

;(Upon entering the area)
:'''Paimon:''' How are we going to get up this mountain? Hmm, let's try following this road first, shall we?
----
{{Quest Description|update|Following the mountain path, you discover a {{Color|buzzword|Statue of the Seven}}. Beside it, the {{Color|buzzword|path up the mountain}} extends ever on...}}

;(Reaching the summit)
:'''Paimon:''' Look, a giant pillar! What could it be for?
:'''Paimon:''' Up there, aren't those the shards we unfroze? So is this pillar where they came from...?
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like they froze again... Brr, this climate really isn't Paimon-friendly...
:'''Paimon:''' ...But we've got no choice. Let's go unfreeze them again.
----
{{Quest Description|update|You successfully reach Dragonspine's summit from the cavern. However, you see a strange pillar from which those frozen shards seem to have fallen. Those shards also seem to have become frozen once more, requiring you to thaw them out again.}}

;(After thawing the ice shards again)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? The icy surface under the pillar has completely shattered. Looks like there's a huge space underneath it, too. Let's go check it out.

;(After opening the luxurious chest)
:'''Paimon:''' Seems like there's nothing else here...
:'''Paimon:''' But we should still go back and inform that adventurer.

;(Climb to the top of Skyfrost Nail after being restored)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow... This place is incredibly high up.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon has no idea where this pillar might have come from...
:'''Paimon:''' Did it fall down from the sky? How strange...
----
{{Quest Description|update|After unfreezing the three shards and letting them return to that mysterious pillar, the ice surface beneath the pillar broke, revealing a large space underneath... Perhaps you can return to the adventurers at the camp and report what you've seen here on the summit...}}
;(Report back to Iris)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About the summit...
:'''Iris:''' There's a strange, huge pillar floating in mid-air at the summit? To think that there would be such a thing atop Dragonspine...
:'''Iris:''' And there's a huge space below the ice under the pillar? That's... even weirder.
:'''Iris:''' This is... inconceivable. Thank you. I will send explorers up there as quickly as we can to see what's happening there.
:'''Iris:''' Ah, yes, I should thank you for helping us open the way to the summit. Please take these as thanks.
:'''Iris:''' It seems Dragonspine really does have its secrets after all.
:'''Iris:''' I do hope our next expedition will yield some new discoveries.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/VT37--C2AoM
|caption1 = Full Quest Guide

|video2   = https://youtu.be/09RmtYa_BhQ
|caption2 = In the Mountains Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = In the Mountains
|zhs     = 山中之物
|zhs_rm  = Shānzhōng zhī Wù
|zht     = 山中之物
|zht_rm  = Shānzhōng zhī Wù
|zh_tl   = Object Within the Mountain
|ja      = 山に隠されし物
|ja_rm   = Yama ni Kakusareshi Mono
|ja_tl   = Hidden in the Mountains
|ko      = 산속의 물건
|ko_rm   = Sansok-ui Mulgeon
|ko_tl   = Stuff in the Mountains
|es      = En la montaña
|es_tl   = In the Mountain
|fr      = La créature des montagnes
|fr_tl   = The Creature of the Mountains
|ru      = В горах
|ru_tl   = In the Mountains
|th      = มอนสเตอร์แห่งภูเขา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Vật Trong Núi
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = In den Bergen
|de_tl   = In the Mountains
|id      = Di Tengah Pegunungan
|id_tl   = Amidst the Mountains
|pt      = Monstro da Montanha
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Dağlarda
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Tra le montagne
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

[[es:En la montaña]]
[[fr:La créature des montagnes]]